


Emily Taylor Book 3
The Apprentice
©2010 Vi Grim.
Published by Vi Grim
23rd November 2014 Edition
Cover photo©Dreamtime
Inside cover illustration ©Lulu
All Rights Reserved Worldwide

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please download an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Also published by Vi Grim
Emily Taylor Book 1- Abducted
Emily Taylor Book 2- The Slave Girl
Emily Taylor Book 4 – The Teenage Mum

writetovigrim@gmail.com


The Emily Taylor series is based on the inside cover illustration by Louise
Many thanks to Sofie for the slugs and slimeballs, Sam for Theo the Owl and the fat penguins, and Zoe for her love of everything horrible and nasty.




1.
Cool, plump raindrops drum down on me. Wet grass presses against my cheek. My body is on fire, every bone, every little pore, cries out and screams in agony, then darkness returns.
As I fly through the air, I see the apartment fill with fire and shatter around me.
The heady smell of summer rain tugs at my senses. I shake my head and open my eyes. The light is too strong so I close them again, slipping back into the world of flying concrete, fire and searing pain.
A clap of thunder pulls me back to the rainstorm.
Wincing with pain, I stretch my limbs. They’re cut and bruised but seem intact. There's a teapot in my left hand. I remember grabbing it as it floated by. Amazingly it's still in one piece. Shame it's not full; I’d kill for a cup of tea. I let it drop into the soft grass.
My dark red belly-dancing outfit is torn and soaked in blood.

Tall grass and flowers surround me. I shield my eyes against a volley of raindrops as a gust of wind flattens the swaying grass. There's another puff of wind, then the rain eases and warm sunlight breaks through the cloud, turning the meadow green and gold.
Where am I? There was an almighty explosion, pain and light, then nothing and suddenly I'm here. Am I dead? Am I in heaven? 
The strong, summery smell of rain on dry grass reminds me of home. I prop myself up on my elbow and look around. The meadow stretches from horizon to horizon. The sun burns brightly, bathing me in warm yellow light. Stars keep it company, visible in the dark blue sky. A half moon rises over the horizon and crosses the sky, shrinking to a crescent when overhead, then growing to half again before it sets. The horizon's not flat, but curves around like I'm on a giant football.
Struggling to my feet, a tsunami of pain overwhelms me and I collapse back into the long grass.
When I come to again, it's night. The stars shine brightly, bathing the meadow in soft light. Two moons orbit slowly, one coming up as the other goes down. Crickets chirp and fireflies flit about, tracing trails through the darkness. I shiver in the cool night air.
I tentatively try stretching my legs, pushing slowly against the dull pain.
I straighten out my belly dancing dress, relieved to be away from the depravity of Abdullah's seedy penthouse. Free from slavery and the torture of twenty-four hour Arabic soap operas. A year ago, I was a naive, giggly ten year old Sheffield school girl. Now, I’ve crossed the desert, I’m alert and astute, ready to take on anything life or death throws my way. It's no good just standing here, let's see where I am.
I head off through the long grass of the meadow, rejoicing in the cold and the pain, feeling happy to be alive. As I walk a bright star rises high in the sky. Familiar but larger than normal, I’m sure that it’s Jupiter, the gas giant, with its moons, Io and Europa. We studied it in science.
I reach a gurgling stream that glows phosphorescent green as it splashes over rocks, under dark trees. Following it down I pass though thickly scented groves of orange and lemon trees, the smell of the blossom in the still night air is so strong, it's almost overpowering. As the sky starts to lighten with approaching dawn, I stop and think. Something odd is going on. It's me approaching dawn, not dawn approaching me, like the world I'm on is so small that I'm walking around it.  
Feeling thirsty, I cup my hands, scoop up some of the luminous water, and take a big slurp as it flows out though my fingers. It tastes beautiful, like liquid satin.
Splashing my way down the stream until it flows into the ocean, I sit on a rock and gaze out to sea. The sun rises bright and crisp over the curved horizon warming me and drying my wet clothes, stream rising into the cool morning air. Like a lizard, I soak up the sunshine, feeling strength surging back into my aching bones.




2.
I feel a gentle hand on my shoulder and look around half expecting to see my friend Zula. It ain't him; it's an old man, like the wizard off Harry Potter. He has a fine grey beard that reaches almost to his tummy button and wears a long flowing robe.

'Welcome Emily. Sorry about the asteroid, it's all I could find on short notice.'
His voice is deep and melodious, the most beautiful voice I've ever heard. It gurgles and eddies like the stream that babbles beside us.
'Is this heaven?' I ask.
'Heaven, hell no! This is Camillo, a type C asteroid, diameter twenty kilometres.'
'Am I dead?'
'Dead, yes you are dead! Dead on Earth but...,' he pinches my arm.
'Ouch!'
'But, very much alive up here!'
'Who are you?'
'Excuse me, I didn't introduce myself. I'm Zeus, you teroids normally call me God these days,' he says, offering his hand.
'Pleased to meet you,' I say, looking into his sparkling, mischievous eyes while I shake his hand.
I stare at him for a moment, taking stock and wondering what the hell is going on. 
'Let's go for a walk,' he says. 'I need the exercise.'
'What happened?' I demand. 'Where’s Abdullah and all the people in the building?'
Taking my hand in his, he strides off along the beach, dragging me behind. 'Let's find some breakfast,' he says. 'Then we'll talk. I'm starving,'
The waves wash over our ankles, erasing our footprints behind us.
'I'm experimenting with waves,' he says. 'Do you like the beach?'
'It's lovely,' I say, trying to run but being pulled up short by the pain.
A silver sheet of fish erupts out of the water just ahead of us and there's big splashes as larger fish chase after them. A wave washes up the beach covering it with small silver fish, flipping about in the morning sun, then the next wave washes the beach clean as if they were never there.
'One day I want to visit Earth again,' says Zeus. 'The modern world must be wonderful.'
'That all depends on who you visit.'

The golden sand feels wonderful under my bare feet. It tickles as the waves wash up the beach, then pull the sand out from under my toes as they suck back.
We walk in silence along the beach until we reach a headland where our way is blocked by huge granite boulders. Turning inland, Zeus leads me along a path through tall sugar cane. The morning sunlight paints us with orange tiger stripes. As the rumble of the surf fades, I hear the sound of bells; randomly playing different notes. A familiar sound, but I just can't quite put my finger on what, where and when. 
Sheep! That's it, the sheep we saw in Spain before I got abducted; lanky sheep; clanging away lazily on their bells in the shade of the trees.
And sheep it is, each with its own bell, each bell with its own note; clanging away softly as they graze in a flowery meadow under almond and olive trees. A couple of lambs run to their mothers and the sheep file away.
'Nice touch?' asks Zeus.
'Like it!' I reply, not quite understanding where God's coming from.
Climbing over the stone wall at the end of the paddock, we enter a tropical plantation with banana and papaya trees growing in the shade of coconut and tall mango trees. Some of the leaves of the banana plants are brown and curled. Pointing to the dead leaves, Zeus says, 'I'm having trouble to get the tropical plants to grow in the same place as the temperate ones. It seems that some plants need the occasional frost to fruit and the bananas and mangos just don't like it.
'Are you hungry?' he asks, breaking off a bunch of bananas and offering me a couple. 
Munching on bananas as we go, we climb up a steep path between large boulders, arriving puffing at the summit of the hill ten minutes later.
We sit on the edge of a bluff, with our feet dangling over the side. Looking down gives me the heebie-jeebies, so I focus on the gentle curve of the horizon. A cool breeze tousles my long hair, flicking it into my eyes. Seagulls glide overhead, sliding effortlessly from side to side. Zeus throws a banana peel and they dive, catch it in mid-air, then fly off into the distance, squabbling over it. From where we sit, I can see the beach we walked along, running off to the left, and in the distance, the forest where the velvet stream flows. 
'Is it true that you created Earth in seven days and man on the eighth,' I ask.
'Hell no!' exclaims Zeus with a smile.
'What happened? Why am I here?' I demand.
'The building was destroyed by missiles.'
'But what about the other people? What about Abdullah and his fat wives, and the crowd outside listening to Azziz preach?'
'Dead and gone.'
'Don't they go to Heaven too?'
'This is not Heaven. It's an asteroid.'
'Why me then, why am I here?'
'Because you have spirit, you have passion, you dream. You look at the stars and wonder. And I need an assistant. Would you like to be my assistant?'
'Assistant what, assistant God?'
'Well yes, but not assistant God, more like God's assistant. I’m not God in the way you think, it's just my name. I look after Earth. Earth Affairs is my department. With the success of the teroids over the last couple of millennia, it is more of a Human Affairs department these days.'
'Wow! So you look after Earth!'
'It's nothing special. I drew the short straw to be honest. I failed all my exams and was always in trouble. They didn't know what to do with me, so after the troubles, I was handed the Earth Affairs portfolio. At first we were a committee, we were always fighting. They were fun times, I was younger then. I visited Earth and had a couple of children with teroids. The girls are so beautiful and so spirited, they were lovely! 
'Committees are such messy things because no one can agree on anything. It was decided that Earth did not warrant more than one anode, so the committee was disbanded and I stayed on.'

'What's an anode?' I ask.
'I am,' he says. 'Are you ready for it?'
Ready for what, I wonder. 
'Ready for anything,' I say.
He hesitates and looks at me like he's not quite sure about something, then clicks his fingers. 
Click!
'Aaaagh,' I scream in surprise, as he turns into an alien! 
A little taller than me, he has two legs and two arms but after that the similarity stops. His hands have just two fingers and a thumb. He has browny-green eyes, a cucumber nose and four spikes sticking up across the top of his head, almost like a crown. His skin is copper-green and soft and dry like a gecko skin. He still sports his grey beard and the flowing robe that changes colour with the light.
Click!
He turns back into God.
I'm lost for words for a minute. Was that for real? 
'Again!' I say
Click!
Alien.
Click!
God.

I gather my wits, then ask, 'So can you change things on Earth? Do you have a master plan and shoot bolts of lightning at sinners?'
'Hell no!' he replies, his eyes full of humour. 'There is no plan. How could you keep control of four billion humans? I don't take too much notice of individual people. I work on keeping Earth on a decent orbit; take an interest in human affairs; keep an eye on people who stand out from the crowd, and occasionally will listen to a plead or intervene. I do try not to interfere.'
'Intervene?'
'Yes, intervene. I can plant thoughts. Voice of God, that's me trying to put ideas into people's heads. Not very good ideas probably, but I try. I can use tornadoes, earthquakes, shafts of light and lightning bolts. Lightning bolts are useful but a bit unpredictable. It’s hard to get them to fly straight. Occasionally I’ll save a person, animal or plant when it gets destroyed, and bring it up here.
'Oh!' he says, remembering something, 'and I can turn things to stone.'
'Do you do that very often?'
'Sometimes, it’s always the famous people who are the troublemakers. There’s plenty of statues in your cities, isn’t there?'
'Up here?’ I ask. ‘Where’s up here, heaven?'
We're in the Asteroid Belt between Mars and Jupiter. There used to be a beautiful planet called Zinonia. Our spaceship crashed into it and well..., well now you have the Asteroid Belt.'
Zeus goes quiet for a moment then continues, 'I don't really like to talk about it, but it is best you know. My father, Cronus, was the navigator. Our family name has been mud ever since, even though I did resolve the troubles.'
'But if you crashed and destroyed a planet, why weren't you killed?'
'We are tough. We can teleport and can also stay in limbo, not here, not there, nowhere. We have an exoskeleton, can survive in space, breath just about any atmosphere and eat anything carbonic. If needed, we can take energy from our surroundings; ride the solar wind, so to speak.
'So when our spaceship, it was a small planet really, exploded, we went into limbo until things settled down. We regrouped on Ceres, the largest remaining fragment of Zinonia, and decided what to do. My brother, Hades, who was mate on our ship, wanted to take over Earth but after much discussion it was decided to leave Earth alone. As a developing planet with promising and interesting life forms, it was thought best to leave it to evolve all on its own. It has teroids, stupid but emotional and passionate. Emotion and passion are things we aspire to, but don't really understand.
'So we stayed and have set up shop refurbishing asteroids. We give them gravity, water, atmosphere, whatever our customers want.'
I'm fascinated, 'Where do you find your customers?'
'Sometimes they approach us directly, others we find. Some we just grab because we are sure that we can do good business with them. Like I grabbed you because I think you have something to offer. You get an asteroid and in exchange you help me.'
'And how do you find them?'
'We are telepathic, so can pick up thought waves. There is an awful lot of clutter. Teroids, that's humans, think loudly. You would not believe the rubbish people and animals think. They spend most of their time thinking about opposite sex; sizing up suitable partners and plotting ways to make babies with them. Boys think about girls, girls think about boys. The rest of the time they think about food, except when they are thinking about shelter. If you filter the thoughts, remove babies, food, shelter, warmth and sport, eventually there is an interesting thought or two. Like Daisy, the cow from Kansas, standing in her meadow trying to find a pattern in all of the stars; chewing the cud, so to speak, while trying to make sense of the universe. She now has an asteroid and we have yogurt and cheese. Deal!'
'How do you make gravity and where do you get atmosphere from?'
'I will take you on a tour of the factory tomorrow and show you how it all works.'
‘Cool,’ I say. I like factory tours. Our class went on a tour of the phosphate factory once. It’s just down the road from school so we walked there. It was all misty in the factory and the air made my eyes hurt. We put on gas masks and ran around pretending to be pigs. Dad used to work there driving a forklift. He said that if it blew up it would flatten half of Sheffield. Imagine that, bird poo blowing up the whole town!
Zeus says, 'You’ll enjoy out little tour tomorrow.’ Then looking up at the sky, says, ‘The sentry slugs are our main source of information. They see everything, they know everything. When something interesting is happening or they spot a potential customer, they let us know.'
'Sentry slugs?'
'Sentry slugs,' says Zeus, pointing to one of the moons that's passing overhead. 
'Would you like to visit one?'
Looking closely, the moon has bits sticking out. 
'Love to,' I say, then fire another question at him. 'You mean that they have slugs in them. Why don't you use robots?'
'Robots!' says Zeus laughing. 'Hell no, it's much too boring. A robot would go crazy!'

We sit in silence for a while. There's a lot to take in, and half my brain is still in Abdullah's penthouse apartment chasing crabs around the toilet seat.
'Do you want the job?' asks Zeus.
'What job?'
'To be my assistant.'
'And I get this asteroid instead of being blown to smithereens in Khartoum?'
'Yes.'
'I will have to think about that,' I say, trying to sound serious. 
God looks a little worried.
'Yes!' I shout, throwing my hands in the air. 'You have a deal!' 
I shake his hand vigorously and give him a kiss on both cheeks, making him to blush.

I have another banana, slowly peeling back the skin as I munch on it, then flick the last of it over the cliff. With harsh cries the seagulls dive after it, catching it just above the waves then chasing each other out to sea until they’re lost from sight.



 
3.
'Ready?' asks Zeus.
'Ready as I'll ever be,' I reply, wondering what I need to be ready for this time.
Zeus clicks his fingers together. 
Zimp! 
We're gone, or should I say, we arrive.
We're in the cockpit of one of the moons. In front of us, a clear dome window gives an impressive view of Camillo far below. It looks beautiful with its blue sea, green grasslands and forest set against the black background of space. The yellow Sun, Jupiter and the stars compete to be the brightness jewel in the sky. From the moon I can see the spot where we were sitting on the bluff, the orchard and the beach. We orbit around to the dark side and, once my eyes have adjusted, I retrace my steps back up the stream to the grassy meadow where I arrived. Lightning flashes from a thunderstorm towering over the mountains on the far side of the prairie.
This is my asteroid, I think, pride welling up inside of me.

'Hello Emily and welcome,' a deep voice rumbles around the cockpit.
I jump in surprise, then turning around come face to face with the sentry slug. Its whole face takes up the back wall of the cockpit. A vertical line divides the round white face in two and on each side is a large eye, alert, intelligent and smiling.
'My name is Castor. You are in a mark three sentry moon, SM3 for short. It’s specially designed for use by sentry slugs, in fact individually tailored. This one is equipped with plasma photons, laser cannons and a triple stage thermal lance in addition to all the usual armaments.'
'It's beautiful up here,' I say, 'but you must get lonely and really bored.'
'Lonely! Bored! I am a sentry slug! What has Zeus told you about us?' he asks with a chortle.
'He said your job was too boring for a robot to do.'
'Exactly,' says Castor. 'A robot would go crazy. What would he do all day?'
'And what do you do all day?' I ask.
'Watch!' he says giving me a wink with his big black eye. 'Sentries are the voyeurs of the Universe. There's not much we do not see, and we never forget anything! Turn around.'
Looking away from him, I turn around to see that the dome window has turned into hundreds of flickering screens. There are images of sheep under the almond trees on the asteroid below; views of life on the surface of neighbouring asteroids; pictures of what looks like the inside of a huge factory; live CCTV footage from high streets and banks on Earth; reality TV shows; football; Arabic soap operas; kids TV; music videos and Star Wars action scenes.
'Excuse me a moment,' says Castor.
The screen goes clear and Zeus and me are thrown to the floor as the craft lurches violently to port and upwards. Cannons roar and lasers spring into action as the guns track left following a target in towards Camillo. It explodes in a ball of fire and the moon slews hard to the right, hitting another target on the first shot. Similar fire comes from the other moon, which is just visible above Camillo's curved horizon.
'Nice shot, Pollux!' exclaims Castor, as a red beam of light shoots out of the other moon, hitting its target and sending it spinning flaming down onto the prairie.
'What are those things?' I ask.
'Slimeballs,' says Castor. 'Pollux, the other sentry slug, bought the last one down with lasers only. It'll be toasted to perfection. We'll take turns to feast tonight. With the phasers they tend to explode and atomise.'
'Why don't you like them?'
'I do like them. They are delicious! The only thing I like more is fresh lettuce.'
'No. No what do you have against them? Why are you blasting them from the sky?'
'More like, what do they have against us?' says Castor. 'If a slimeball landed on Camillo, it would devour all organic matter in a day. They are voracious.'
'But where do they come from?'
'Pluto, it all stems back to the troubles.'
'What troubles?'
'I will fill you in later,' says Zeus. 'It is a long and twisted tale that even I have trouble unravelling.'
'So, how do you watch all the screens at once?' I ask. 'How do you see anything with so much going on at once?'

'Slimeball down on your side, Castor!' Pollux's voice sounds quite urgent.
The screen zooms into show a huge blue ball of slime with slanty blue eyes and sharp teeth, rampaging through the forest devouring anything and everything in its path, leaving a trail of glowing slime behind.
Pow, Pow, Pow, Blast!
Castor gives him a quick blast with the phaser to stop him then roasts him with the laser. 'Thanks Pollux, he's yours.'
'I hate those ones,' says Castor, talking to me again. 'We've had a few like that lately. They’re either invisible or teleporting to get past us.'

'The screens?' I ask again, returning to our conversation.
'Yes. I watch them all. We watch them all. We monitor all communications at all times. All radio waves, all cameras. We look out the window too. It's still the best way to see what is going on!'
'We?' I ask.
'Yes, we. All sentry slugs are linked up. Between us we build up a picture of what is going on through all the information we can gather. We visualise. I'll show you.'
The view on the screen zooms out from the smoking remnants of the slimeball to show Camillo then further out until the asteroid is just a ping-pong ball floating in space. It pans around and zooms in on another asteroid until I can see large dinosaurs feeding on ferns as they wade through a prehistoric swamp.
'Wow!' I exclaim.
The screen zooms out again, then in on a large asteroid, and in, in, in through the outer crust to a hollow inside where there are several smaller asteroids with scaffolding and cranes around them.
'That's the factory,' says Zeus proudly.
'What about Earth?' I ask. 'Can I see my parents? They live at 13 Va.....'
'13 Vauxhall Crescent, Sheffield, England,' says Castor finishing off my sentence, as the screen passes through the factory asteroid, flies across to Earth, then zooms in on England and down through the cloud to reveal a sea of roofs, then in through the roof of our house and into a bedroom. There's Mum, reading a bedtime story to Danny and Julie. Mum looks very pregnant. A crackle of interference and snatches of radio talk come through on the cockpit speaker then I hear Mum's voice. The story comes through as clear as if I'm standing there, transporting me back to when I was little.
'Mum,' I say, tears streaming down my face.
'High resonance radar,' says Castor, but I'm not really listening.
The view zooms out again. 'Your Dad lost his car keys three months ago while swinging Danny around in the park.' says Castor. 'Here they are now, under the driver's seat of a yellow mini-minor where young Jimmy Smith put them and forgot about them after finding them in the park.' The screen zooms in to show the keys amongst old sweet wrappers and mouldy half eaten apples.
Wiping the tears from my eyes, I ask, 'How do you do it? I have trouble watching one TV and keeping track of what is happening.'
'We are big and yellow and brainy. We're all brain and all linked up, like a huge super computer. Since humans invented radio and TV it has become a lot of fun watching Earth. We love the reality shows and place bets on the soccer. We love games, Sudoku, chess, backgammon and computer games. The killer Sudoku your Dad did on the train this morning was formulated by a sentry slug and if you ever play online gaming, you’re probably up against one of us.
'And we love comedy. Billy Connelly with all his F-words is my favourite. And gossip-'
'It must get cramped living all squished up in a moon,' I say. You must enjoy stretching your legs when you get down on Camillo.'
'Stretch our legs!' laughs Castor. 'You are funny.'  
An image of a sentry slug comes up on the screen. His white face is showing, but his yellow bits are blurred out. He's busy munching his way through a field of lettuces. 'Farmer Brown from Arkansas is not going to be very happy in the morning. He will be mad for an hour or two but will cheer up when he checks his Internet banking and finds a small error in his favour!
'We like dark and damp, and we are very sensitive about our yellow bits. We don't like anyone to see our yellow bits. We take turns or have relief sentries come in so we get down on the wet grass. We slide about; we mate. There's nothing quite like sliding up against another slippery, slimy slug, yellow on yellow,' he says with a wicked glint in his eye.
'But how do you do that without anyone seeing the yellow bits you are so sensitive about?' I ask.
'Well,' continues Castor. 'If you looked through all of the data on the sentry slug network, you would not find a single bit of slug yellow, not one little byte.'
'Yet you can probably bring up an image of me having a sneaky poo in the desert three months ago,' I say indignantly.
'Let me see,' says Castor, flipping through pooing images.
'Stop! Never mind, you don't have to show me,' I say. 'I'm just making a point.'

'We must be going,' says Zeus, putting his hand on my shoulder.
'Lovely to meet you,' I say to Castor. 'Can I visit again sometime?'
'Of course, drop by anytime. We'll have a game of backgammon, I hear you are pretty good.'

Once back on top of the bluff, I say to Zeus, 'I'm not so sure I like having my every action recorded.'
'It's not so bad. It's no different to life on Earth now. You are constantly watched by CCTV and satellite imaging, and every phone call and click on a keyboard is being monitored and the content analysed. You never know who has information on you and what they’ll do with it.'
'Sentry slugs are discreet, loyal and moral. They protect you and are mighty handy when you lose something. You’ll get to know Castor and Pollux well. They're good fun. I advise you to plant lots of lettuces when you get your garden going!'
Zimp! 
He disappears.




4.
It has been a busy morning, I feel bushed. I stretch out in the warm sun on the grassy patch on the top of the bluff and close my eyes, luxuriating in the warmth and listening to the cries of the seagulls and the gentle swoosh of the waves far below.

Cheerful twittering wakes me up. A small blue bird perched on a twig just above me is singing her wee lungs out. If she’s going to be so darned happy, why can't she go do somewhere else?
I'm about to swing a hand at her but are beaten to it. There's a blur of black, the twig snaps and the blue bird is gone, its last few notes and some feathers left hanging in the breeze. 
A little black cat rolls at my feet, wrestling with the ball of feathers.
'Let it go,' I say, trying to pry the bird free.
It looks at me with big green eyes, snarls and digs a claw into my arm.
'Ouch!' I say. 'Let go!'
The cat spits at me and breathes fire.
'You're a cagoon,' I say, leaving it to its catch. 'We'll have to make friends.'

I walk back down the path between the giant boulders, heading for the beach. Breaking a hand of ripe bananas off one of the trees, I munch on them as a walk. 
A girl cannot live on bananas alone,' I say to one of the sheep as I cross the paddock. He looks at me quizzically and ambles away, not caring a toss about me and my bananas.
Zimp! 
Zeus appears beside me, making me jump.
'Shall we go fishing?' he asks, holding up a couple of nylon hand lines.
'Let's!'
We sit in silence on the rocks at the end of the beach and fish. I tried fishing in the canal at home once and caught a slimy eel that even the cat wouldn't eat. Banana doesn't make great bait, it keeps falling off the hook, but eventually we have five little fish, just enough for dinner. Collecting driftwood, we light a fire and, once the flames die down, cook the fish in the glowing embers.
'Are you happy to sleep out tonight,' asks Zeus. 'I'll stay with you and we'll sort things out in the morning before we visit Psyche.'
Sleeping on the sand under the stars, it's just like being in the desert and soon I'm dreaming of surfing down sand dunes in the dark with my friends Zula and Ijju. My dreams turn to nightmares and I awake, bathed in sweat, just as a huge blue slimeball, which has been pursuing me though the plantation, is about to munch me. Yuck! Horrible and gross! Waking up does not free me from the torment of the slimeball. Comforting as it is to have Castor and Pollux watching over me, one could always appear beside me and gobble me up before they can get it. And, lovely as Castor seems, the thought of a huge yellow slug sliding around on the surface of Camillo, munching on roast slimeball, makes my stomach churn.
Then I think of his precious yellow bits and smile. Slugs and their yellow bits, I'll have to have a sneaky peek!

'Zeus, can we build a house? Not a big one. Just big enough for me with thick walls to keep the slimeballs out,' is the first thing God hears when he opens his eyes next morning.
'Big thick walls, slime proof,' I repeat just to make sure he gets the message.
'Let me wake up,' he pleads, as he rubs his eyes. 'I'm not good in the mornings.'
'Let's swim then!' I say. 'Come on!'
We splash into the sea and I push him over. He comes up spluttering, then dives under. Strong arms pick me up above his head, spin me around and throw me. I scream as I sail through the air, landing with a big splash ten metres away.
Back on the beach, Zeus says, 'Let's draw up some plans and we'll get on with the job after we've visited Psyche, the factory asteroid.'
I draw plans in the wet sand with a driftwood stick, then fetch my diary from where we were sleeping. It's one of my few possessions and I keep it carefully wrapped up in plastic inside the leather pouch Zula gave me. I always carry it with me, either slung over my shoulder or in the secret pocket inside my belly-dancing outfit.
It's full of sketches of camels, animals and oases, with a few words here and there to help me remember things.
I open it at a new page, write Camillo and underline it, then flip over a couple of pages, thinking that I’ll probably having something interesting or funny to say about being dead, that is, once I get my head around it. I draw a plan of the cottage on the next page with a sketch of how it will look. It's really simple: two windows and a door at the front, with an old sofa on the veranda for me to lounge on. It'll be tucked in by the rocks, giving a view along the sweep of the beach and out to sea. There'll be a main room at the front with a wood burning range at one end. I add a brick chimney then pencil in a bedroom, bathroom and laundry at the back. I put the bedroom at the sea end so the morning sun will come streaming in my window and wake me up, then I draw another bedroom, just in case I have visitors. Most importantly of all, the walls are thick and completely slime proof. 
I'm worried about slimeballs. I don't like the look of them. They sound disgusting and horrible, and dangerous to boot.
'What say a slimeball lands beside me?' I ask Zeus.
'Scream and run!' he says, obviously finding it humorous. He thinks for a moment then adds, 'There's a wonderful piece of human wisdom I came across recently which would be perfect advice for if a slimeball lands beside you, If in danger or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout!'
'It's all right for you to joke,' I say. 'You can just teleport to safety while I am being pursued by a disgusting slimeball, devouring everything in its path!'
'Get used to the idea. When you lived in England, did you wake up in a cold sweat having nightmares about being pursued by a twenty ton double decker bus? There it's buses, here it is slimeballs. Same size, both dangerous.'
'But a big, red bus is not going to have Kew Gardens for breakfast, then London Zoo as a light snack before lunch; trees, bushes, screaming children, big fat mamas, giraffes, monkeys, crocodiles, elephants and eleven year old girls, the lot!'
'We'll get you thick walls.'

'Do you need any other clothes?' asks Zeus, looking at my torn and blood-stained belly dancing outfit. 
'I'm quite attached to these,' I say swinging my hips and doing a quick belly dance, 'but some more clothes would be wonderful. Can we go shopping?'
'There's not many clothes stores in the Asteroid Belt. There's not many humans up here, but there is a store for us anodes, all one hundred and seven of us. If we do wear anything, we're more into practical stay dry, deflect incoming lasers type clothing, than the look at me, look at my belly button type clothes you teroids like. You’re welcome to have a look. It's on Psyche. We'll stop by there, then you can go online shopping with Castor and Pollux, they’ll enjoy that.'




5.
God turns back into the punk alien reptile thing with spikes sticking out its head then clicks his fingers and we're in a clothes store. Alien dummies stand, lie and hover about the place in all sorts of funny poses, wearing the latest fashions.
'It all looks about a thousand years out of date,' I say.
'It is, but there's a range based on the Star Trek series and a line for woman the same as Emma Peel wears in The Avengers.'
I pick out a long flowing dress and try it on. ‘It looks like something Jesus's mum might have worn,’ I say, joking.
Zeus replies, 'Don't make fun of my wife's taste!' He's trying to sound serious but breaks into a smile. 
I pull on a black, one piece catsuit from the Emma Peel range. It feels wonderful and fits like glue. The label at the back says, Laser proof, photon proof, shrink and stink proof, stain resistant and self-cleaning. One size fits all.
'They will make to order too,' says Zeus.
'Great, can I put an order in?'
'Of course.'
'But how will I pay for these? I owe you for the asteroid too.'
'You do, but I'm sure you'll pay it back in time.'
'Okay then, I'll have a Tuareg tent from the desert, bright blue, some jeans, a couple of T-shirts, a pink polka dot bikini, a pair of flip-flops, an umbrella, and a big burgundy shawl.'
'We'll supply the desert clothes, and the shawl, for the rest you will need to visit the slugs.'
'Can't we shop just a little bit longer?' I plead.
'Online shopping!' says Zeus firmly, in a big God voice, drumming this fingers with exasperation. 'Let's go see Psyche.'
'Funny name for an asteroid,' I say as we walk out onto the surface.
'It is a bit, but we like it.'	
'Like what? There's nothing here.'
Apart from the clothes shop, there's quite literally nothing; just an expanse of dust and craters; no sky, no clouds, just a constellation of Sentry Moons orbiting randomly overhead.
'Security is pretty tight here. It’s our headquarters,' says Zeus.
We walk across the surface and down into a crater leaving footprints in the soft dust.
Noting that there's no other prints, I say, 'No one has been here for ages.'
'No one ever comes here. It all happens downstairs,' says Zeus and clicks his fingers.
Some stairs appear in the beige dust. We follow them down and climb into an elevator. As it descends to asteroidian elevator music, Zeus gives me the run down on Psyche.

'It’s an M-type asteroid that's two hundred kilometres in diameter. It’s an ideal size as we can fit just about any asteroid in. There are two bigger ones which we have plans for, but we’ll refurbish them in situ. Don't come to us, we'll come to you.
'The M in M-type stands for metallic. Psyche has an iron-nickel shell ten kilometres thick. It is superbly strong, giving good shielding and protection, but at the same time is easy to work with. A photon lance cuts through it like butter, so it is easy to cut out hanger doors and workshops.'
The elevator stops and we walk out into a large office space. Large three dimensional models of asteroids hover in mid-air. An anode, the same as Zeus, stands in front of each sphere and slightly smaller fish-tailed aliens float around tinkering and making adjustments.
'Us anodes are the organisers and the skinny fish-tailed zinodes are the workers.' says Zeus. 'As you’ll find out, they’re hardworking, vivacious, creative and love to party. They’re the friendly aliens of the Universe, you bump into them everywhere. They have a short lifespan, about a hundred and fifty years but strive for satisfaction in work, love and family. They’re happy and easy going and have no loyalties except to their children. They are complete cowards. Creation is their thing, to design, to paint, to draw, to build. They love refitting asteroids. They come from the same galaxy as us. We’re symbiotic; we rely on each other for survival. Like us, they’re telepathic and can teleport. They have three asteroids of their own, Vesta, Susumu and Hygiea. The football games between them are a sight to behold. I'll take you to one sometime. Their football is three dimensional and played with eleven balls. With that tail of theirs, boy can they kick!'
Woof, woof! 'Dog!' taunts another anode. 
He's younger than Zeus and wears a flowing blue robe. Zeus doesn't seem fussed at all about being teased. He gives the anode a friendly handshake.
'Got yourself a flea?' continues the anode, looking at me.
'Yes, and a lovely one too!' replies Zeus. 'She's called Emily Taylor.'
The anode shakes my hand reluctantly and continues with his work.
'Ignore him,' says Zeus. 'Most of the anodes don't have a lot of time for teroids. Like I said, the Earth Affairs department is the lowest of the low. Apart from my two sons, Jesus and Azziz, I’m at the bottom rung of the ladder in the anode world. It doesn't bother me, when you’re at the bottom, there is only one way to go, up!
'So, please don't take any nasty, snide remarks to heart.' He puts his hand on my shoulder and gives me a smile. 'Myself, I quite like humans.'
Moving close to one of the spheres, Zeus says, 'This is a working model. It's an exact replica of an asteroid that’s coming in to be refitted. According to the customer's requirements we need to get the basics sorted first. We work according to GABES Law. G comes first, gravity, followed by A for atmosphere, B for biosphere, E for energy and last but not least, S for security. Once you know how much gravity is required, everything else follows on.'
We walk through the office looking at the superbly detailed models.
'How do you make the models?' I ask.
Zeus sweeps an arm around and his fingers pass through a model. 'They are computer generated plans. At a thought, you can strip a model down to show just one component, like the black hole implanted in the centre, the water, the atmosphere, a certain type of tree, animals or energy systems. Each component is on a layer and you can build up or strip down layers as required. The model will shake and curse you if you make a mistake, put fish in a desert, trees in the sea, anything daft that won't work.'
'I'd love to do the designing,' I say.
'Mostly we give the clients what they want. You know the old adage, the customer is always right, but sometimes we're given a free rein, which is fun when it happens. Sometimes we’ll make something for ourselves, like your one, Camillo. That's one of my projects.'
'You did a great job, I like it!'
Leaving the office, we walk down a long corridor that goes on forever. It's so long that up ahead, perspective pulls the four corners together until they meet in the middle.
'I could do with a bit of exercise,' says Zeus, striding ahead so fast that I have to jog to keep up.
While we walk, Zeus gives me the low down about gravity.
'What we're doing here is a whole new idea. When we were stranded in space surrounded by big chunks of smashed planet something odd was going on. Odd things always happen in space. Asteroids and chunks of rock kept vanishing. Obviously some got sucked into Jupiter or shot off into space but even with that taken into account, we were losing mass. Stuff was going missing. There was only one explanation; we were in the middle of a field of black holes. They range from a few micrometres to about ten centimetres across and are voracious; they make the slimeballs from Pluto look tame! They suck in anything that's near them. It simply disappears.
'One of the zinodes suggested catching them. 'What for?' we asked. Who in their right mind would mess with black holes!
'They pointed out that if you could catch and tame a black hole, you could stick in inside an asteroid and have gravity. Once you have gravity, you're in business. You can put atmosphere around a planet and water on the surface and it stays there. Once you have those, just add life!
'After a bit of trial and error; learning by our mistakes as we went, we finally managed to catch a black hole. That is where the slimeballs came from; they were genetically engineered to catch black holes. The idea was to use a blue hole to catch a black hole, one of our many false starts. They took a liking to organic matter, not the sort of matter you find in black holes.
'Then we ran into problems with antimatter. We thought for a while that the whole universe might implode but finally we cracked it. We have rings filled with compressed antimatter. In effect they are white holes. Four rings are made, fitted together with a common pivot at each end, each ring with a slightly different diameter so they can pull open and lie flat almost like the old traps used to catch animals. As like matter repels, the rings want to spring shut to form a cage, like a bird cage but spherical.
'Opposites attract. If you take matter in its purest forms, a black hole and white rings, the forces pull them together. You simply have to lob a white ring at a black hole and it will circle it like Saturn's rings. Release the safety catch and the black hole is in a cage, black hole and antimatter virtually cancelling each other out.'

Zeus is on another plane, like our physics teacher at school, but I think I've got the gist of it. 'So if the black hole is the mouse, the white rings are the mouse trap and the force that attracts them together is cheddar cheese,' I say trying to understand.
'Errr, yes,' says Zeus politely, then continues on with his techno gobbledygook. 'A black hole with the mass of your moon, five thousand trillion tons, is about ten centimetres across. Get your sums right, put it in an antimatter cage and you can carry it about in your pocket! Drill a wee hole down to the centre of an asteroid. Reinforce around the core a little, drop your black hole in, remove the antimatter cage and voila, an asteroid with gravity! We all like a bit of gravity, it keeps our feet firmly on the ground!'
'But how do you find a black hole in black space?' I ask.
'We fired out millions of ball bearings, and the sentry slugs tracked their trajectories, mapping out five hundred thousand black holes to within a metre of their positions. They aren't black you know, you can actually see them. They glow and give off radiation and particles. It's dangerous work catching them. Young sentry slugs love the work. To start with, they used robots, but now they’ve refined the art and with a bit of practice can throw the antimatter rings like quoits. They virtually wind the window down and lasso them, without even getting out.'

We walk and walk down the corridor until a black square appears in the middle. It grows until Zeus takes me by the hand and says, 'Stop here!' 
The corridor ends and there's nothing, just black void, cross-crossed by some faint purple lines. We stop right on the very edge and look out into nothing. 
'It's dark in here, must be coffee break, let me find the light switch.' says Zeus, as he reaches around the corner with his three fingered hand.
Click! 
There's a flickering of lights and the inside of Psyche lights up. It's a massive workshop. Half a dozen asteroids of different sizes float in mid-air, tethered by purple energy beams.
'Let's go have a look,' says Zeus.
A clear bubble suddenly appears in front of us. Zeus clicks his fingers and we're inside it, sitting on a couple of bright green bean bags. We float across the vast hanger to the nearest asteroid.
'This is Timossi; it's just come in. The big drilling rig you can see is drilling down to the centre. Once it’s there, a round chamber about a metre across is cut out and reinforced. Black holes are dropped in until the required gravity is reached then the hole is plugged. Once we have gravity we can do the landscaping.'
Moving on to the next one, Zeus says, 'This is a rare type V, a basaltic asteroid; lovely crusty exterior. It’s easy to work with and holds its form for millennia. You can carve Yosemite type valleys and vertical sea cliffs; it’s wonderful stuff. The beam flickering away is a photon laser cutting out the landscape. It makes a lot of smoke. Normally we prefer the cut and fill method; you scoop out a lake and use the rock and rubble to make a hill. There's no wastage that way, but these clients are very particular.
'Just about all of our clients require water features. Seas, lakes, rivers and waterfalls are very popular. That’s why the design stage is so important because it’s hard to change features once the water is in place. The basaltic asteroids are the most expensive, and rich clients are fickle. There’s bound to be a few change orders on this one once the wife sees it.'
Our bubble follows along the contours, passing very close to the lasers, then through the cloud of dense smoke and across the void to the next asteroid.
'This one is getting its atmosphere,' says Zeus, pointing to some big pipes coming out from the wall of Psyche and leading down to the surface of the asteroid.
'Is that why Earth has an ozone hole?' I ask. 'Are you pinching our atmosphere?'
'Nnnnnnn, Nnn, No....,' replies Zeus, reddening up and not sounding very convincing. 'No, this atmosphere is manufactured from comets.
'The water too,' he adds, quickly moving on to the next asteroid, which has water flowing out of big pipes, filling the seas and lakes. 'Try catching a comet. It makes black hole hunting seem like child's play. In fact, we catch them using black holes. We trap them, decelerate them to a stop, then manoeuvre then into a position where we can siphon off the water and gases. We have massive holding tanks on Psyche.
'Once we have atmosphere and water, we can add plant and animal life, if that’s what our client wants. Animals are easy but it takes time to collect them and they can be very fussy. We had some funny birds recently that had to have salt water with ice floating on top and would only eat fish of a certain size that they had to catch themselves. We don't like to take living animals unless there is a population explosion, so we watch and wait, then fish them out when they die. It takes patience and concentration so is very much a job for the sentry slugs.
'Plants take time. A forest of redwood trees takes hundreds of years to grow, but again, we can fish them out just as they are felled or destroyed by fire.'
'How do you fish them out?' I ask, wondering how I got up here.
'They are teleported. The easiest is a straight teleport like we’ve been doing to get about. It's quick, it's painless and it's easy. It is like using the cut function on a computer then pasting elsewhere. But we can’t take matter out of an ecosystem or remove it where it might be missed, so that's copy and paste, leaving the copy behind and taking the original with its soul or life force along. Each atom has to be replicated. It takes massive amounts of energy and it hurts. Were you a bit sore when you arrived?'
'Just a bit,' I say remembering the agony of my arrival in the rainstorm. 'So a copy of me is still on Earth.'
'Yes, your body is still there. They’ll probably dig it out in a few days. They're going through the wreckage with a tooth comb looking for that warhead.'
'Bin Laden took it.'
'So they will find you instead.'
'What about your son, Azziz. Was he killed too?'
'He was. That’ll teach him a lesson. He'll rise up in a week or two. We won't hear from him for a while. It takes ages to reconfigure. It is very difficult and painful when you're killed when you’re transfigured.'
'You don't like your sons do you?'
'No, they’re an embarrassment.'
'Or are you an embarrassment to them, Dog?' I say, without thinking.
'Shhhh,' says God. 'It's a touchy subject! Let's get back to the trees.'

The bubble drifts through a grove of huge redwood trees. 
'Here they’ve put in a plantation of redwoods but the rest of the forest is being grown from seedlings from our nursery asteroids. It's labour intensive and requires patience, one thing our customers are often short of.
'The biosphere is a bit of an art. It needs to balance or else the asteroid is not self-sufficient and things start dying. It's a delicate balance. It's been a bit of a learning curve for us. Earth based asteroids are getting easier because a lot of study has been done into how species live together, but it's still trial and error. When there's a dissatisfied customer we go in and figure out what went wrong. Did they ask for something daft or did we make a mistake? Either way we need to sort out the problems, customer satisfaction is what it is all about.
'Energy is another thing that needs tailoring to an asteroid. What are the requirements? Normally we can keep an asteroid or parts of it hot or cold by adjusting the atmosphere, rotation, gravity or orbit, but some need heating or have high energy requirements, like say, a big waterfall run by a pump. Then we need an energy source. We used to siphon hydrogen off Jupiter's atmosphere and use fuel cells but that’s old, clumsy technology. Since taming black holes we have learnt to tap into the massive amounts of energy they contain. That way we can take power off the black hole in the centre of an asteroid to supply virtually unlimited power. You have to be a bit careful, too small a black hole and you can start losing gravity if you leave the lights on. Things start to float away.
'I'm not boring you, am I?' asks Zeus. 'You seem awful quiet.'
'No, not at all,' I say. 'It's all just so amazing, carry on.'
'If we find that we don’t have enough power or the client's requirements change, we can always drop a rock in. We'll go and visit the black hole shop and I'll show you,' he says, as the bubble swerves sharply just clipping another bubble. The other driver gives Zeus the fingers and gets down on all fours and pretends to cock his leg.
 'They are mean to you,' I say, feeling a little sorry for Zeus.
'That's anodes for you,' says Zeus. 'We're not the most pleasant of creatures, just look at the Greek Gods!'
We enter a room that leads off the hanger and with a click of the fingers we're outside the bubble and standing in front on some large granite boulders ranging in from car to bus size. 
'These,' says Zeus, 'are rocks. They have tiny black holes in them, some just millimetres across. The rock absorbs the energy and acts as a giant battery. Any device within five klicks can tap into the power source. We’re doing a roaring trade in these around the Galaxy. It’s bigger business than the asteroids. It is funny how doing the unthinkable, catching a black hole, can have so many spin offs.'
We walk past the rocks to a row of racks containing little cages with glowing, swirling things inside.
'Black holes?' I ask. 'They're cute!'
'Yes these are black holes. But, there's nothing cute about a black hole. Watch your fingers. If you touch one, it'll suck you in in a nanosecond and squish you so, so small that it's beyond comprehension. That one there,' he says, pointing to one the size of a grapefruit, 'contains the same mass as Earth's moon. Amazing, eh?'
I pick it up and toss it to Zeus. He catches it ever so gingerly, goes all shaky and has to sit down.
Once he's recovered himself enough to speak, he says in a shaky voice, 'Don't you ever do that to me again!'
'Squeak, squeak,' I say. 'Man or mouse?'
'Us anodes are tough,' he says. 'Virtually indestructible, but we are totally defenceless against a black hole. I'd be like a feather being sucked into the vacuum cleaner from hell!'
'So they would make quite a weapon then.'
'It doesn't even bear thinking about.'
Our footsteps echo off the walls as we walk to the other end of the giant room then pass through a door into a hanger full of security moons.
'Lastly,' says Zeus, 'is security. Partly for our own security, we insist on having at least two security moons for each asteroid, but many customers insist upon more or install their own security systems. Security moons are much more complex than they look. Because slugs grow and get quite big they used to have to swap moons as they got bigger. During the swap they were particularly vulnerable, like hermit crabs when they change shells.'
'Heaven forbid,' I say. 'Someone might see their yellow bits!'
Zeus laughs.
'We only managed to expel the Titans by waiting for the moment the slugs were having a swap meet to stage a coup. Now, we’ve molecularly engineered the moons to grow with the slug, like a seashell grows to accommodate its inhabitant.'
'So apart from the slimeballs, who do the moons defend against?' I ask.
'Hades and the Titans. They’re firing the slimeballs at us. I think that they’re biding their time, then they’ll attack. If they defeat us, they’ll take over Earth.'
Also, we get the odd UFO, different types of spacecraft from other galaxies, even from other dimensions. Generally they’re friendly and follow inter-spatial protocol, but a strong show of force and constant vigilance is the best defence we have. The bad guys will go for an easier target elsewhere. We like to be prickly, like a porcupine!'
Walking along past the security moons, we reach rows of odd shaped craft. 'These are fighters for anodes to use. In an emergency anyone can grab one. We hold regular drills. Come for a blast sometime, I'll teach you to fly one!'
'Wow, can I use the guns?'
'Of course you can.'
Lately we’ve been getting lots of probes, sent from Earth by the teroids. The early ones just took a few photos on their way to other destinations. There was Pioneer, Voyager, Ulysses, Galileo and a string of others. The latest one, Dawn Mission, is making a thorough exploration of Ceres. We just make sure that the probes send back the photos the teroids want to see, what they expect to see, nothing! Teroids don't like surprises.'
'I do!'
'Good!' says Zeus and clicks his fingers.
Zimp!
We're back on the beach on Camillo. In front of us stands my new house, just as I had imagined it but better.
'Oh, thanks Zeus!' I say, giving him a big hug.




6.
That night, I dream of home. I'm tucked up in bed, all snug and comfy, my dinosaurs, griffins and monsters snarling down at me from up on the shelf. The night light baths me in soft yellow light and the comforting ron, ron, ron, of Dad's snoring filters through from next door. As the night wears on, the slimeballs from Pluto return and I awake, soaked in sweat as a giant blue slimeball pursues me along the beach towards my little cottage. My legs are heavy like lead and the slimeball gains and gains on me until it opens its cavernous mouth and sinks its sharp teeth into my flesh. I sit bolt upright in bed, panting and crying.
I flick on the bedside lamp and read my diary, happy memories of the desert soon pushing the slimy blue monster back to the dark corner of my mind where it came from.
I go outside and sit on the old battered sofa and look at the beach and seascape, shimmering in the gentle starlight.
Purr, purr, purr, purr.
Soft purring starts up beside me.
I reach out a hand to stroke the black blob.
Snarl, hiss, hiss, snarl.
Little flames lick at my fingertips. It hasn't taken the cagoon long to find the comfiest spot on the asteroid.
'What shall I call you? What about Negrita, little black one? I’ll look at you and think of Spain.'
Snarl! Hiss! 
'Yes, you like that, don't you!'
Hiss, hiss.

Pow! Shoon! Shong! Shong! Kapow! 
The sentry moons open fire, sending blue and red beams arcing across the sky. Leaving Negrita to fend for herself, I slam the heavy front door firmly shut behind me and retreat back to the yellow and cream comforts of my bed.
The sun has climbed high into the sky by the time loud knocking brings me sleepily to the door. I peer into the brightness, rubbing my eyes but seeing nothing.
'We can't wait around all day,' says an impatient voice. 'Where would you like your vegetable garden?'
Still seeing nothing, I say, 'Wha, wha, what are you, who are you and where are you?'
'Down here'
I'm so used to looking up to see people, that I’ve completely missed them. I look down to see four zinodes, wearing red and white football shirts and armed with spades, 'Oh! Hello! I'm sorry I slept in. Would you like a cup of tea?'
'With ginger nuts, yes, that would be delicious, but let's get your garden dug first. The big spade and gumboots are for you.'
I decide on a spot tucked into the sugar cane, which will be sheltered on windy days. At least it will be if there are windy days, which I'm not sure about. Singing zinonian football songs, they slash about with the sides of their spades to clear the sugar cane, then dig happily away turning the rich red soil. I wonder if they are ready for my singing, I don't want to scare them away just yet, so I hum along as I help them with the digging.
When the sun reaches its highest point, the head zinode says, 'You had better put the kettle on, it's time for tea!'
We all squeeze onto my old sofa and sit, slurping tea and dunking ginger nuts. I draw a plan of the garden and mark out where the corn, beans, tomatoes, potatoes and last, but certainly not least, lettuces will go.
'You'll need a fence too,' says the zinode.
'Why?'
'To keep the winkles out, and the sentry slugs, they're a damn nuisance. They monitor the growth of every plant, then just when you decide the day has come to have a tossed salad, you've had slugs in your garden! I put pellets down one time, but they got revenge by letting a slimeball land. It's always best to put a few extra lettuces in.'
By the end of the afternoon the fence is up with tight green mesh dug deep into the ground, and the garden is planted, seeds and seedlings in neat little rows and a compost bin in the back corner. The bean wire is up and the gate painted in shiny pink. I don't like the pink, it's a bit girly, but decide that if my biggest complaint in the world is having a pink gate; I'm doing pretty well!




7.
I wait for a moon to go over then jump up and down waving my arms like a demented seagull. Nothing! The same happens with the next moon, then the first one comes around again.
'If you flap your arms around like that long enough, you might get airborne, but if I was you, I’d click my fingers,' says Castor, his voice coming from inside my head.
I click my fingers. 
Zimp!
I'm in the cockpit of Castor's SM3. 
'More lettuces,' he says, giving me a wink. 'You need to plant more lettuces.'
'Maybe we can come to an arrangement,' I say. 'Zeus said that I might be able to do some online shopping.'
The screen lights up with hundreds of screens, each with an online shopping site, then quickly moves to websites for eleven year old girls. A pair of jeans catches my eye and the screen becomes bigger. I don't have to touch it or anything, just a simple thought and I can surf to the colour selection, styles and sizes. 
'I like these,' I say. 'Washed denim, stretch fit, tapered leg.'
'Would you like to try them on?' asks Castor.
'Oh yes!' I say. 'I've always ended up with the wrong size when I have tried online clothes shopping before.'
A life sized me wearing the jeans appears next to me. Not only can I see how I look but can feel the fit on my body. 'A bit tight,' I say. 'Let's try the next size up!'
I think red, blue, black, loose fit, summer weight, flares, up a size, down a size...
'It's better than being in a shop!' I exclaim. 'I can never quite find the right size!'
An hour or so later, my shopping cart is at the checkout: two pairs of jeans, one blue, the other pink with aqua blue hems, a jacket, a lovely red dress, a couple of skirts, T-shirts, a black one-piece swimsuit, flip flops and a huge jersey, adult XXXL size for chilling out in on cold days.
'What address do I put?'
'Asteroid C-A-M-I-L-L-O.'
'Will it get here?'
'If you use the correct post code it will; AS3752.'
'How do we pay?' I ask.
'It's on me,' says Castor. 'I'll sort it out.'
Two seconds later the order is confirmed.

I think, Missile attack Khartoum, and the screen fills with search results.
I open the page, Emily Taylor's body found, and read the text.
'Relations between the USA and Europe were further strained this evening when a body, thought to be that of English school girl, Emily Taylor, was pulled from the wreckage of the Alton Towers apartment building in Khartoum, Sudan, reportedly destroyed by a US missile attack last Thursday. While the State Department claims that Bin Laden was in the building at the time, no trace of his remains have been found. The US denies rumours that there was a tactical nuclear device in the building, saying that no trace of one has been found in the rubble.
'There have been demonstrations and rioting outside the heavily fortified US Consulate in Khartoum. Embassy staff were airlifted to safety this morning. Angry locals claim that the attack was aimed at Azziz, a preacher who claimed to be the 2nd Son of God, saying the US wanted to silence him because of his moving words advocating World peace and religious unity. They say he performed miracles from where he preached on an old refrigerator in front of the tower block. A body thought to be that of Azziz was buried two days ago and has already become a site of pilgrimage with steady stream of local and foreign religious leaders having already visited his grave to pay their respects. The US remains in a state of high alert after threats of reprisals by terrorist groups.'
I follow a link to a grainy video of Azziz standing on his refrigerator with a goat reaching up to chew on the tail of his cloak.
'We will all die in a ball of fire and one who shall change the course of the World shall riseth up from the ashes,' says Azziz.
A tall pixelly figure in the background is circled in red with a note, 'US sources claim that this is Bin Laden shortly before he entered the building.'

It's a bit of a shock being dead when I feel so alive. I pinch myself just to feel the pain and check that I'm not a zombie mummy or something.
'So I'm dead,' I say sadly. 'I guess going to visit Mum and Dad is out of the question?'
'It probably is,' replies Castor, furrowing his brow.
'The missile, the one that Bin Laden bought, where did it come from?'
'It's probably the most watched missile in World history! Teroid politics are almost as entertaining as anode politics, with their fights and family squabbles. Here we have The Clash of the Titans and slimeballs; there you have Osama versus Obama. You have Ariella from Europe, now she's a bit of a wild card, and there's the missile and you!'
'Me, why me?'
'I've edited the clips together to make a film. It's seven months long so we might have to jump over a few bits.'
Castor's film is a montage of high resonance radar images, CCTV, press cuttings, satellite images, phone conversations and digital photos.
It starts at the White House with a meeting between President Obama and his heads of security. The security chief is putting forward an argument to sell a tactical nuclear missile to Bin Laden.
'We will have a tracking device in the warhead so we can track it twenty-four hours a day. As soon as it reaches Bin Laden we will activate the self-destruct mechanism and Boom! We've got'im!'
'I don't like it,' says President Obama. 'Giving a nuclear warhead to an extremist Muslim terrorist is asking for trouble. Can't we use a dummy?'
'No, it has to be the real thing. It can't go wrong. If you are not happy at any stage, we will send in a team to pull out the weapon or self-destruct it. Your popularity is dropping in the polls and the senate. If you show yourself to be a strong leader by getting Bin Laden you will have the voters and the senate behind you and be able to push through the welfare reforms.'
'Let's go with it,' says the President. 'But don't take your eyes off that thing!'

The next clip shows the missile being 'stolen' from a US bomber and snuck off the airbase in Madrid. There's loads of phone calls and scenes with hoodlums with suitcases full of cash. Next come satellite images of the missile being loaded into a RIB on the Spanish coast and the smugglers grabbing me off the beach and dragging me kicking and screaming into their boat.
Me, on tele!
'Nice kick!' says Castor as I kick one of them in the face, giving Annie a chance to run away.
'They were watching me, they saw me get kidnapped, and they did nothing!' I say, feeling a bit put out. Dad would have rescued me if he knew.

Castor jumps forward to grainy thermal images of the box containing the missile being loaded onto the camel train. Soon afterwards, I'm tipped out of a sack onto the ground.
'This is where we really started to get a lot of data,' says Castor. 'Your abduction was big news in Europe so, naturally, the President was informed. He wanted to have the mission aborted and have the Special Forces free you. It would have been a public relations coup and done a lot to improve relations with Europe. His chiefs were totally against it, wanting to stick to the original mission and arguing that rescuing you would compromise it. In the end a compromise was reached where the Special Forces had one go at getting up you out. It was meticulously planned and executed using their top green berets. Watch.'
The screen shows images of a sand storm hitting the oasis and the green berets, dressed as Arabs, abducting me. Castor laughs when I pull their scarves down over their eyes making then to lose control of their car and crash into the oasis. Then I swim away into the dust storm.
'Those poor soldiers,' laughs Castor, 'they’ll never live it down. Outwitted by a ten year old girl!
'After that, the President demanded daily updates and had a special screen set up in the Oval Office to keep tabs on you. He said it was so he could keep an eye on the missile, but he's a family man, he has no real interest in weapons.'
Castor fast forwards through pictures of the caravan crossing the desert, oases, more desert, dunes and sand storms, then stops and says, 'This is my favourite.'
The screen shows Zula and me sitting on top of a dune watching the stars. We are life size and it's so clear that it's just like being there. Memories come flooding back. Zula and me watch enthralled as a desert fox fights with a snake. Then the fox breaks free and runs off into the night. We're holding hands. I give Zula a kiss on the cheek. I just couldn't help it.
The screen flicks over to CIA Headquarters where a grainy satellite image shows the same scene on a huge wall screen. Everyone in the room is watching. There's a collective gasp when I give Zula the kiss and the women chorus, 'It's so sweet!'
I go red. Not just a slight embarrassed pink but red. More mad than embarrassed.
'So the whole world and half the Galaxy was tuned in to Emily Taylor TV! There I am having a special private moment and you and the US are watching it like it’s a soap opera. Did they have commercial breaks!? Let's fast forward!'

Castor, who's looking a little pink himself, fast-forwards to Timbuktu and me texting Mum.
'This was a spanner in the works, the US was sure that the mission would be compromised. There were reporters and SAS dressed as Tuareg everywhere. That wonderfully crooked Gamel outwitted them, you outwitted him, and Saleem out-manoeuvred everyone and turned it into a political coup.
'The US really likes Saleem. While they disapprove of him smuggling weapons, children and who knows what else, watching the caravan opened their eyes to the Sahara Desert. Pressure is being put on France to tidy up their uranium mining and Saleem will probably find US companies are keen to invest in his solar energy plans.'
Greetings from Eart, says the writing in the sand. Zula and me are busy scrapping a huge h using sticks. Castor chortled. 'This made us laugh, just as your 'E.T was here' in camel poo struck a chord with the Americans.'
'I wish Zula could see it,' I say. 'It was his idea.'
The video footage fast-forwards to the moment where I kick the ball down the well at L’Arbre du Ténéré. 'No!' I say, not wanting to see this bit. 'Fast forward!'
The video moves on to show radar images of the tornado at Gweni-Fada. 
'The US nearly had kittens here. From the moment you entered the crater to when the Book of Light was taken from you, they lost coverage, even the tracker in the missile stopped working. They were in a panic and two months on, the burnt out wreckage in the desert is still a mystery to them. They sent a mission to the crater but found nothing but rumours and sand.
'This is where the President earns his money,' says Castor, fast forwarding to Mr Obama giving the go ahead for the missile attack on Alton Towers in Khartoum He knows a lot of people will die if he says yes, but he has to make a decision. It's his job.'
The screen flashes up an image of a pentagon war room. On a giant wall screen there's a telephoto image of Bin Laden. On another his telephone conversation with the President is replayed. 
'Yes, positive match, face and voice,' says an operative.
'We've got him!' says a general. 'Permission requested to launch an attack.'
'But what about all those people?' says the President's voice on a telephone link up.
'A bit of collateral damage never stopped us before, Mr President, now is our only chance.'
'This is not collateral damage; these are my people from my part of the World.'
'Now or never.'
'Okay, go ahead.'
'Launch missiles.'

'He’ll be devastated now your body has been found,' says Castor, then flicking quickly through images, adds, 'You’ll love this bit,' and shows the CIA watching grainy footage of the three Arabs, looking like the three wise men, leaving the building, carrying what looks like an elephant’s trunk
'Now let's watch the Radar,' he says showing a 3D image of Bin and his bodyguards leaving the building, arm in arm, nursing the missile in front of them. They cross the road to honks and beeps from the traffic, then looking around and seeing the cruise missiles about to slam into the building, they dive into the ditch.

'So what happened to the Book of Light?' I ask.
'That is what the US should be worried about, not some nutter with a bomb!'
Bam! Crash! 
The moon shakes, the lights flicker and sparks fly about the place.
'Bogie, Sector 11F,' crackles the radio, as Castor opens fire.
'Why Bogie?' I ask, picking myself off the floor.
'Because they’re worse than snot. These guys are the slime of the universe.'
The moon shakes as it takes another hit. Lasers and phasers arc through the blackness from the two moons. Castor swings the moon around sharply to pick off a couple of incoming slimeballs then turns his attention back to the gleaming spaceship that's attacking us, firing off a quasar torpedo. Half a second later the other craft reflects it back. 
Bing! Bing! Bing!  
The quasar bounces back and forth between the two craft. 
Bong! 
It ricochets towards Pollux in the distance, then back towards the attacker.
Bing! Bing! Bong!  
Back and forth bounces the quasar, like a game of space ping-pong.
'We'll get him on the next bong,' says Castor.
Bong! 
The quasar heads towards Pollux. At the same time as Pollux bings it back at the bogie, Castor fires off a couple more torpedoes, the three arriving at the same moment, with a huge explosion.
'Got him!' exclaims Castor spinning around to zap a slimeball.
'That was Baron von Wongle and his twin brother Zomp, Siamese twins, joined together to form the meanest, nastiest, most revolting creature in the universe. Their spaceship is the best. I don't know what it is made of but it seems indestructible. The only way to get rid of it is to detonate torpedoes from different directions right next to it.'
'He fancies himself as the Red Baron and flits around the place causing havoc. Their ears will be ringing for a couple of days now. They're probably back on Pluto licking their wounds and planning their next foray.'



 
8.
It's been such a whirlwind of events since I arrived on Camillo that I'm glad when the weather changes. I lie in bed, snuggled up under my duvet, listening to the pitter-patter of rain and reading Jacqueline Wilson's, Dustbin Girl. Don't ask me where it came from, it's just one of those familiar things like Marmite and cans of baked beans that were here in my house waiting for me. I suspect the sentry slugs had something to do with it. I snooze, I read, I listen to the rain and when I get famished, I have toast and marmite covered with steaming hot baked beans. Yum!
I read some more, I sleep some more, I lie in bed doing nothing, then I get bored. I stoke up the wood burning stove, which has a tangle of pipes at the back to heat the water, and go for a walk along the beach in the pouring rain and wind. Waves wash up to the top of the beach and the surf fills the air with foam and spray. I get thoroughly wet and cold then come home and luxuriate in the bath until my feet go all wrinkly like prunes. I cook up pikelets and eat them with lashings of raspberry jam and chase them down with steaming hot chocolate.
When the sunshine returns, I'm recharged and rearing to go; ready for more aliens and wacky adventures.

'Black holes?' I ask.
'Not to be trifled with,' says Castor.
'Can I go hunting?'
Castor is silent for a moment, as if in thought, then says, 'Click your fingers.'

Click! Zimp!  
I find myself in the cockpit of another spaceship. It's similar to the security moon but in the centre there's a corridor leading back to what looks like a cargo hold. On either side of the corridor there's a sentry slug. They're much smaller than Castor; their faces are about a metre across.
'Hi Emily, it’s very nice to meet you. You look every bit as charming as Castor said. Let us introduce ourselves, I'm Hither,' says the one on my right.
'And I'm Thither,' says the one on the left.
'Hi, nice to meet you,' I say. 'I don't mean to be nosy, but are you boys or girls?'
'Ha, ha, ha, I thought for a moment you were going to ask to see our yellow bits!' chortles Hither. 'We are both and neither. Slugs are hermaphroditic; we change so we can be either. We get the best of both worlds. I like being a slug!'
'Can I see your yellow bits?' I ask cheekily. If you don't ask, you don't see.
'No.'
'Just a wee peek.'
'No!'

'Are you black hole hunters?' I ask.
'We are. It's dangerous work. Two spacecraft were lost last week. The trouble is that you can't see or sense a black hole until you are in its sphere of influence, where its gravity can get you. We have precise maps of the Asteroid Belt showing where we think the black holes are but once you are actually there, it's more art than science. At ten metres you cannot see them but if you touch one, you're done for. It's not a job for a family slug!'
'It sounds more like luck than art.'
'Shhhh, we're very close now, so please stay quiet. Keep a sharp lookout and try not to think of anything but black holes.'
The spaceship stops and all systems are shut down.
'Put this on,' whispers Hither, as he hands me a space helmet.
Once I've put it on, the side windows open.
The craft edges slightly to the left then back a bit. A white antimatter ring jingles its way off the dashboard and sits hovering by the open window. In the nothingness outside, I can just pick out the dull glow of a black hole about five metres away.
'Now!' says Thither, and the ring spins towards the black hole, which dodges out the way at the last minute sending the ring vanishing off into space.
'Oops, they are worth a billion dollars each,' whispers Hither. 'We'll retrieve it later.'
Another ring floats off the dash and hovers to the left and then the right as if sizing up its quarry.
The black hole jiggles about to as if trying to anticipate the white ring's attack. Suddenly the white ring flies out, zigs to the left, zags to the right and has the black hole, bingo! It opens out to form a cage and the craft edges sideways until it floats in the window.
'You can have that one if you like, just watch your fingers!'
'Oh, thank you,' I say, give Hither a kiss and slip the black hole into my pocket.
'Me too!' says Thither, then quickly turns a shade of pink when I give him a real smackeroo on the cheek.
'Now will you show me your yellow bits?'
'No!'

As we move off, shooting through space towards the next black hole, Thither says, 'We keep quiet about it, but these black holes have personality. There are plodders, which are easy pickings. There’s lively ones, like your one, that are playful and spirited, then there’s the attackers. That's why we lose spaceships. If the big slugs knew, they would never let us go hunting.'
'I thought they knew everything!' I say.
'Not everything, there's nothing like a little disinformation!'
'Anyway,' continues Thither. 'If one attacks, you have a few milliseconds to catch it or teleport. We had one last week that shot in one window and out the other. Close or what? We were shaking like jelly.'
I giggle to think of naked slugs wobbling like a yellow jelly.
We catch three more; another lively one and two plodders. One's a big one that they're really pleased with. 
Crack! 
We teleport away from an attack.
'That's enough for the night,' says Hither. 'Another few missions and I'm retiring. It's just too dangerous!'
They drop me back on my doorstep and give me a couple of white rings.
'Practice throwing these,' they say, 'but be careful, they’re almost as dangerous a black holes. Worm holes you know.'
'Thanks so much,' I say. 'I'd love to come out again sometime.'
'Practice with those rings.'
Zimp! 
They're gone.

Zimp! 
I think and click my fingers.
Zimp! 
I'm on top of the hill looking out across the dark waters.  
Click! Zimp! 
I'm back on my doorstep. I smile to myself and going inside, light the fire and cook up baked-beans on toast.
The slimeballs don't bother me in my dreams, it's been an eventful evening and I sleep like a log.

I'm up again just a few hours later to see the sunrise.
Zimp, Zimp, Zimp, Zimp!
I teleport about the place.
Zimp! 
Out to the sentry moon.
'Good morning Castor.'
Zimp! 
Back to my doorstep.
'Good morning,' I say to Zeus, who's sitting on my sofa twiddling with his beard.
'Morning Emily,' he says. 'Good to see that you’ve figured it out. Do be careful, don't expect to teleport out of trouble. If you are stressed, the adrenaline cuts in and you can't teleport.'
'Can I teleport down to Earth?'
'Remember, that you’re dead. It’s your funeral next week. I'll mark it on my calendar and we'll watch. I like funerals,' he says, still twiddling with his beard. 'You should only teleport around the vicinity of the asteroid you are on. Long distance there's a time difference between you and your destination and it’s not without its dangers. Did you ever see a film called The Fly?'
'No.'
'Good. It would put you off teleporting for life!'




9.
'If the slugs are so intelligent, why don't they rule the Galaxy?'
'They have intelligence and information and, as you know, information is power, but they have no imagination,' replies Zeus. 'They are couch potatoes, watching tele all day!
'The zinodes have strengths, which I've told you about already, and we're the leaders. We make decisions, hopefully the right ones. You could say that we’re the boss, but without the slugs and the zinodes, we’re nothing. We have existed together so long, that we have become reliant on the others and form part of the whole. Anyone of us, by ourselves is functional, but is not strong as a species. Space, like Earth, is unforgiving; it is survival of the fittest. That is why the Titans aren’t causing much trouble at the moment. They lob a few slimeballs our way but, by themselves they’re weak. They will come back and when they do it’ll be like Chiron again.'
'What's Chiron?'
'Chiron is where the troubles happened, but....Oh, I'll tell you some other time,' says Zeus, finishing the conversation.
He looks at the sun and says, 'It's time to start work. Hold my hand.' 
Zimp!

'It's freezing,' I say, as I stand shivering on the ice, in my favourite belly-dancing outfit.
Zimp! 
We're back on my doorstep.
'Sorry I forgot; I don't feel the cold. Get something warm on.'
I pull on the Emma Peel cat suit with the burgundy shawl over the top, and gumboots to keep my feet warm.
Zimp! 
We're gone again.

Arriving back on the ice, I strain my eyes, peering into the mist.
There's a puff of wind and the mist clears a little, enough that I can just make out some round shapes before it closes back in blocking our view.
'What are they?' I ask.
'Fat penguins,' answers Zeus.
We walk over to see the penguins, which are round, like someone has pumped them up with a bicycle pump. Legs and flippers stick out stiffly and they can barely move their heads from side to side. The one at the end tries to shuffle around to get a better look at us and tumbles over, knocking down the others like dominos. We burst out laughing then have to look away until we could control ourselves.
'Shhhh,' says Zeus. 'We mustn't laugh at the customers.'
'But, but, but,' I stammer. 
Looking around to see the penguins flopping around helplessly on the ice, I can't contain myself any longer, I grab Zeus's hand an lead him away into the mist, trying to rein in my laughter until we're far enough away.
'They are funny,' says Zeus. 'I wonder how they ever catch a herring; they must just bob around on the surface like a football.'
Picturing a penguin football I start laughing again.
'Shhhh,' says Zeus.

Once we've pulled ourselves together, Zeus runs over the history of the fat penguins.
'They commissioned the asteroid and we built it entirely to their specifications, but they are dissatisfied. Dissatisfied customers.'
We walk further into the mist, away from the roly-poly penguins. Suddenly I trip over something white and furry in the snow. It growls feebly at me.
'What is that?'
'A polar bear, a skinny one.'
'Why skinny?'
'This is where you come in. Being human, as in human being, I hope that you will be able to give a different perspective on things. I've been in Earth Affairs for three thousand years. Although I've visited Earth, I've never lived there. I don't really understand Earth.
'When the penguins commissioned the asteroid, they just asked for herrings and plankton; herrings for them to eat and plankton for the herrings to eat. Six months later we had fat, lazy penguins; fat, lazy and miserable. Ah, we thought, we need something that eats penguins. There were a lot of polar bears dying at the time because it was autumn and with the ice cap receding they were drowning or starving to death. So we bought in polar bears figuring that the penguins would either get eaten or get skinny. But it's a disaster; we now have fat penguins and skinny polar bears.'
'That's easy,' I say. 'Polar bears don't eat penguins.'
'Why not?'
'Because penguins are just too cute.'
'Funny, that's just what the polar bears said. They liked the idea of penguin dinner but when they saw how cute they are, they decided they would rather starve than eat them.'
'You said that everyone pays, what did the penguins pay for this asteroid?'
Zeus smiles, 'We haven't figured that out yet. They were just so adorable, we couldn't say no.'

I pull out my diary, open it at a new page and head it up Fat Penguins.
Asteroid                  Xizang
Size                         Ten kilometres
Surface                    90% salt water, 10% land
Climate                   Cold, so it is 90% ice covered
Seasons                   Four, like Earth
Atmosphere            Earth like
Clients                    Penguins
Inhabitants              Penguins, herrings, plankton, and polar bears
Problems                Fat penguins, skinny polar bears
I write another heading Cause and another Solution.

I like having Zeus ask me for solutions, it makes me feel all grown up and important. I look into the mist thinking for a minute, then say, 'We need to go out to a security moon and get more information, there's something missing. Like you, the slugs and zinodes, all creatures and plants living together need each other to survive.
'My suggestion is to put everything that is living with the penguins on Earth onto Xizang. The polar bears don't belong but they will just have to learn to fit in, can't you give them counselling or something?'
'We tried. They just say, no!'
'Then, we need to bring in what they eat and whatever eats them, as well then. Let's visit the sentry slugs.'
Click! Zimp! 
We're on a sentry moon looking down into the fog and whiteness. The sentry slug already has the cockpit screens full with information about the Arctic, the Antarctic, penguins, polar bears, herrings, fish, whales, ice pack limits, seals and Eskimos.
I carefully read the information writing down a few notes in my diary as I go, then say to Zeus, 'I'll think about Xizang this afternoon. Let's meet up tomorrow for breakfast, comfy seat on the veranda.'
'See you then,' says Zeus.
Zimp!
He's gone.

'Baked beans on toast?'
'With a poached egg on the side, yes, that would be just wonderful.' says Zeus, as he sips on his coffee.
I bring out two plates of steaming hot beans and we sit in silence, munching and enjoying the morning sunshine.
Once breakfast has had time to settle, I open my diary on the Fat Penguins page.
'I've made a shopping list,' I say, drawing little doodle penguins. 'Leopard seals, fur seals, minke whales, skuas, petrels, Antarctic fish, sea anemones, seaweed and sponges, starfish, krill, shrimps, shellfish, dolphins and the funny little creatures that live on the bottom of the ice flows. Killer whales too, that should complete the Antarctic food chain. The whales normally migrate to warmer waters in the winter, what can we do about them?'
'No problem,' says Zeus. 'Do you mind if they visit Camillo?'
'Of course not, but how will they get here?'
Zeus clicks his fingers and there's an almighty splash as a whale drops into the sea in front of us. It spouts a couple of times then does a tail up dive and is gone; just like they do on tele.
'I see,' I say, then move on to the polar bears. 'The polar bears are from the other end of the Earth. We should get rid of them entirely, but they are so likeable, let's let them stay. We just need something for them to eat. The seals should do. Let's stick with that for the moment and see how things stand in six months' time. Does it take long to find all these animals?'
'Not really, there is so many on Earth that they are dying all the time. We try to get healthy animals that are young or of breeding age, so that normally means that they have to be sick or killed by something. We just tweak time a little to get them while they’re still intact.'
Before he leaves, Zeus says, 'It's your funeral tomorrow. Do you want to watch?'
'I suppose so. It's always good to see Mum and Dad. Annie might be there too. Yes, yes, yes!'
'Same time, same place,' he says, and is gone.




10.
I awake before dawn, having a nightmare about slimeballs. It seems that something's always out to get me; at home it was the bullies, in the desert it was Gamel, in Khartoum it was Abdullah, here it's the slimeballs. Wrapping a blanket around me, I shuffle out to my favourite spot on the sofa and plonk myself down next to Negrita. She snarls and lashes out with a paw, scratching my hand.
'Ouch! You 'orrible beast!' I curse.
Feeling in my pocket, I twiddle absent-mindedly with the ping-pong ball sized black hole, then remember the warnings about getting sucked in.
'The day of my funeral, the perfect day to dice with death,' I say to Negrita and pull out the black hole to have a look at it. Against the neon-tube like glow of the white rings it looks very black but emits a faint glow. Looking closely, I can see little red and orange swirls of lava flowing on its surface.
'I wonder,' I say, opening the cage. 'Do you want to go free?'
The black hole moves half way out and hovers there moving a little from side to side as if testing the air. Feeling satisfied, it moves out about half a metre then bolts back in as a wave sloshes on the shore.
A few moments later, it comes out again and, hovering about a metre off the ground, moves down the steps and across the grass towards the beach. I've just about lost sight of it when Negrita jumps off the sofa, bounds across the lawn and launches herself into mid-air, her paws swinging at the black hole.
'No, no!' I cry out.
The black hole dodges to the left and down low to the ground. Negrita pounces again. The black hole taunts her, hovering just out of her reach as it slowly moves back towards me. Negrita snarls and breaths fire and it shoots back to the safety of the antimatter cage.
'Come out,' I say, cupping my hand in front of the cage.
The black hole moves slowly out. 'You're safe with me,' I say softly.
It slowly settles into my hand. It just sits there, hot and cold, heavy and light, all at the same time. It doesn't suck me in and squish me to nothingness; it just sits there.
'What shall we call you then? You should be Negrita but she's already here. Enzo, that's what I'll call you, Enzo the black hole.'
I go to close my hand but he squirms out and back into his cage. I close the white rings and slip it back into my pocket.
'Enzo, the timid black hole,' I say. 'You'll be safe in there.'

I watch the sky lighten in the east and the sun rise up out of the sea.
Zeus arrives for a late breakfast, 'Same as yesterday please. Go easy on the beans; I'm getting middle age spread!'
'How old are you?'
'Earth years? About eight thousand. I want to start taking things easier, to spend some time on my asteroid. That's why I need an assistant.'
'It sounds more like an apprentice.'
'Exactly!'
'Will I live forever too?'
'We don't live forever and wouldn't want to. We just live about a hundred times longer than you teroids. We're made of tough, hardwearing cells! Hot chocolate?'
'Tell me first. Will I live forever?'
'You can decide. Do you want to live long or short?'
'Seems an odd question to ask on the day of my funeral; long, no short, no long, no...I can't decide. I want to grow old with my friends. Can I decide later?'
'Of course you can.'

We have breakfast and sit on the sofa enjoying the morning.
'It's almost time for your funeral,' says Zeus. 'Would you like a hot chocolate? Normally I offer people a whiskey but you look a bit young.'
'Are there other people up here?'
'Yes, we'll visit them sometime. I keep the interesting ones, it's like a hobby.'
'Interesting, like not boring?'
'Interesting, like leaders, scientists, philosophers, musicians, artists, bad guys, the inventor of the vacuum cleaner, Edison, Ghandi, all people who were, I should say still are, exceptional in their field.'
'Interesting, is that why you kept me, because I'm interesting?' I ask, feeling a little peeved.
'No, I saved you because you have spirit and you dream.'
'Thanks for saving me. I like it up here.'
'It's been my pleasure, it's lovely to have your company,' he says, with a sparkle in his green-brown eyes.
'Could I please have the hot chocolate with just a wee splash of whiskey? It doesn't taste too bad, does it?'
I'm wondering what to wear. I decide on black because everyone will be sad. I'll wear my Emma Peel outfit. I get changed and brush my hair until I feel suitably tidy. I've never been to a funeral before, let alone my own. When I come back, there's two piping hot mugs of hot chocolate waiting on a little table in front of the sofa.
'The table's a good idea,' I say. 'I should have thought of getting one.'
'It's fully adjustable,' says God proudly, putting his hand flat on the top and pulling it up until it's a dinner table, then pushing it back down again. 'I invented it. Having watched teroids for years, their tables are never quite the right size or height. Now look; the flexitable! Just think of what table you need and push or pull it in the right direction.
'It might make me rich one day,' he adds, with a smile.

'Well, cheers,' I say, holding up my mug and clunking it against Zeus's before taking a long slurp. 
The whiskey has bite to it and burns its way down my throat. 'Bwwa, bwa, bwa, bwaaa,' I say, shaking my head like a cat, then spitting out the vile brew. 'I always wondered why people do that when they drink strong whiskey.'
'I'll get you another one, without the whiskey!' says Zeus.
'So how do we watch Earth? How do we go to my funeral? Do we go up to the sentry moon?'
'The slugs will be tuned in for sure, but we'll watch from here,' he says, clicking his fingers.
Ping! 
A telescope appears next to us. It's about the size of a large fridge, except round, not square, and is mounted on a base with pivot points about half way up its height so it can move around in all directions. It looks a bit like the reflecting telescope our class saw the rings of Saturn through on our visit to the observatory, but I can't see where the eye piece is.
'Where do I look?' I ask, puzzled.
'You don't look, you see,' says Zeus. 'Wormhole technology, using antimatter rings. The zinodes are amazing. They laugh, they work, they joke, they party, they make babies, they flitter though life as if they never have a serious thought in their bony little heads, then: Voila! A wormoscopic refractor or Worm as it's known. It makes high resonance radar look positively Stone Age. The slugs don't like worms so they call it a voyeurscope.'
'Amazing,' I say sarcastically. 'I don't see where to look.'
A girl is allowed to get a little fraught on a day like this.
'You don't look, you see,' repeats Zeus, sounding very convincing.
I walk around the Worm; it's all white and gleams in the sunlight. I pull Zeus's flexitable across and make it tall then climb up and peer down into the top of the device. It's like looking into infinity, mirrors reflecting on mirrors, reflecting on mirrors into the distance.
'Move your head,' says Zeus. 'You're blocking my view. It's a bit of a grey day isn't it?'
'Grey day? I'm missing my funeral. I'll go and see Castor.'
'Wait, wait,' says Zeus. 'Have another sip in your hot toddy.'
I take a long gorge. It burns its way down my throat, warms my stomach and makes my feet go all light and fluttery. 'Bwa, bwa, bwaaaaaa,' my head gives an involuntary shake.
'Not mine, yours!' laughs Zeus.
I have a sip of mine to try and wash petrol taste away. It's like the time I was helping Dad syphon fuel from Nanna's car and I swallowed some. It tasted disgusting and every time I burped the taste came back.
'Now sit on the sofa,' says Zeus firmly, 'Relax. Think of home. Think of your funeral and who's going to be there. Drift away, relax, drift away.' His lovely voice sends me tumbling off into my dreams. The sunshine and the hot whiskey warm my body; I relax and spin off into another world.

It's drizzly in Sheffield. The grey hills fade into the misty distance. I can feel the dampness and cool raindrops on my cheeks. A fresh west wind blows, rustling the spring leaves and sending big drops showering down on the crowd that's gathered in the graveyard. It's grey, the weather is grey, the houses are grey, the hills are grey, and people’s moods are grey. Everything is grey apart from a few young children. Their clothes, their happiness, their spirit and joy of life, stand out as splashes of colour against the grey canvas of the graveyard.
In my mind's eye I fly around, circling like a hawk above the scene. There's sad, grey people in the graveyard, then discreetly tucked out of sight behind a row of trees, TV cameras and vans with big dishes on their roofs. There's a police cordon, the tall policemen business-like and neutral as they stand their ground against the jostling demonstrators.
'American Killers', 'Obama Murderer', 'Killer Christians,' shout the demonstrators, their bright banners and flags flapping like giant speech bubbles in the biting breeze.
I glide back around towards the graveyard, flying lower as cloud and mist block my view. A long black car arrives and a small, varnished coffin is carried towards the hole in the ground where the grey people stand. Dad, Uncle John, Mr Wright my school teacher, and Mr Black from next door, are the pall bearers. They're sad. So sad, that I cry. My father looks around at me as a tear runs down my cheek. He looks older, greyer. Still handsome, but he's aged, there's lines on his face, and what hair hasn't fallen out has gone grey.
Through his sadness, I can sense his pride in me. He's so proud that it brings a smile back to my face. The coffin is placed next to the waiting hole. Mum's there. Dad puts his arm around her to comfort her. She's very pregnant and so, so sad. Despite the tears that flow down her pale face, mixing with the drizzle and dripping from her chin, I can feel happiness that a new baby is coming. Out with one, in with another, it’ll make the house happy again when I'm gone.
I land and stand next to the grave.
Danny and Julie are here, happily playing around everyone's shoes. Covered with mud, they throw clods of dirt into the hole and chase worms. Julie eats one. Gross!
Annie's here. I hardly recognise her at first. She looks terrible. She's become tubby and her face is pale and spotty, her dark hair unkempt and matted. She's sadder and lonelier than anyone else and I can sense her feeling of relief as the sky sympathises with her, sending down sheets of rain from the low, black clouds. She's happy to be cold, wet and miserable. A vicar says a few words and everyone joins him in prayer.
Dad stands up to speak but is just too sad. He folds up his speech and puts it back in his pocket. Mum holds his hand tight and he says, 'We'll miss her.'
The coffin is solemnly lowered into the hole, raindrops running off it in rivulets. As soon as it's down, a brass band starts up and a tall, wide, black woman sings You are my sunshine. She's powerful; she's solemn, yet bright and cheerful. Her voice changes the mood. Colour comes back into the people, into the trees and the landscape. A policeman taps his foot in time and starts to sing, the vicar opens his mouth wide and sings, the crowd joins in, the TV crews sing, the protesters stop their ra-raing and join in, all caught up in the moment.
A ray of sunshine breaks through the cloud, lighting up the singer and forming a double rainbow.
'Zeus!' I scold, trying to sound angry.
'Sorry! I can't help it, I love an occasion!'
I find myself singing along and I'm sure I hear Zeus's rich voice as well.

As soon as the last note is sung, the ray of sunlight stops and a strong gust of wind sweeps over the hills, snatching away hats and umbrellas and clearing the clouds from the sky. As my grave is filled with shovelfuls of wet dirt, the wind drops and the scene is silent and still, bathed in bright spring sunlight. After the last clod is in place, there's a rustling of leaves and a small williwaw sweeps through the graveyard ripping blossoms and fresh leaves off the trees. Then it's gone, leaving a column of pink and white petals raining down on my grave.
'It's lovely,' I say to Zeus. 'But aren't you going a bit far?'
'Shhhh,' says Zeus. 'Sniff, sniff, I haven't been so moved for ages.'

Mum and Dad and all the people leave. 
I'm just about to go too when a couple of Tuareg, nomads from the Sahara, come out from under the trees and stand in the petals by the grave. One's tall and slightly rounded and the other young and skinny, but that's all I can make out. They wear dark indigo tents and have long scarves wrapped around their faces hiding everything but their eyes. They leave sandal prints in the mud. 
Before I even see their eyes I know that it’s Saleem and Zula.
Zula speaks a few words in Tamasheq, 'Emily, my heart will always be with you,' and places a little posy of white daisies on the grave; the same daisies that grow on the grassy lawns in the graveyard. His eyes are full of tears and he turns to Saleem who gives him a big hug. They turn away and walk back into the trees, Saleem's arm around his son's shoulders.
Clouds cover the sky again and light drizzle starts to fall.
I return to my sofa on Camillo, and sit in the sunshine and cry.
I'd thought it would be a bit of a laugh being at my own funeral. It wasn't.

'That Azulay, he likes you,' says Zeus, and with a click of his fingers is gone.




11.
I work in my garden for the rest of the day, digging away energetically to make more space for lettuces. My funeral was really quite emotional. I'm upset to see my best friend Annie in such a state. She was always such a bubbly, smiley person and now she looks so sad. Not just sad, but depressed.
I'm happy about Mum and Dad. Obviously they're sad to have lost me, but the funeral must have been a relief after the seven months of worry and false hopes. They've got their hands full with the little ones, and with the excitement of a new baby to arrive soon, there will once again be joy in the house.
I'm touched that Saleem and Zula travelled to my funeral. It's a long way to come just to say goodbye. Zula said, 'My heart will always be with you'. 
I feel sad I can't be with him, yet at the same time my heart feels all funny, like it has never felt before. There's a bit of a spark...
'Maybe, just maybe,' I say to myself and look up at the stars shining in the indigo sky.

The next morning, I set up the table ready for breakfast and wait. When Zeus doesn't turn up, I work in the garden for an hour then cook breakfast for myself.
I decide to go and see him, and click my fingers.
Zimp! 
I arrive on the surface of a naked asteroid, just reddy-brown dust, a few small craters and a couple of dead trees. I gasp for breath but there just doesn't seem to be any air. Panicked, I click my fingers to try and teleport back but nothing happens.
Click, click, click, Click, CLICK! 
Nothing happens. My vision goes blurry and I tumble gasping to the ground.
'Whatz zup vith zoo zen?' Zeus asks, and I feel something being pressed into my face. I take a few deep breaths and sit on the ground panting, then throw up. So much for breakfast.
'Zou must be careful teleportzing,' says Zeus, his voice sounding a little slurred.
I check the mask is firmly on my face. 'Why can't I breathe?' I demand, my voice muffled by the mask.
'Ozone.'
'You’ve been pinching it from Earth, haven't you?' I say accusingly.
'Well zes, but only where it's not needed, New Zealand and Antarctica.'
'You're drunk!'
'Not Jrunk, ozone.'
'Can you speak normally then?'
'Noze,' he says, and slaps me on the back. 'Ha, ha, ha.'
'You don't have many plants and animals on your asteroid.'
'It's good for zinking. No ditrazions. I need to zink zometimez'
'What do you zink about?' I ask, smiling. He's so funny.

'Philozoffy, relizion, zee Book of Light. I have lots to zink about.'
'Would you like to have a cup of tea and a gingernut and talk philosophy? If I'm going to be God's assistant, we should be on the same wavelength.'
'Letz,' he says, and grasps my hand with his long green fingers
Zimp! 
We arrive on my veranda.
'What was that place?' I ask, taking the mask off and taking a few deep breaths.
'Isora, itz my zasteroid.'
'I'll get us some tea and biccies,' I say, heading inside.

I come back ten minutes later carrying a tray with a teapot, a couple of mugs, a little jug of milk, some sugar cubes and a bowl full of gingernuts.
'Very nice,' says Zeus, speaking normally again.
'Did your wife die?' I ask.
'Are you saying that my asteroid looks unkempt?'
'Yes, a woman would never let it get like that.'
'My wife?' says Zeus, a sparkle of mischief lighting up his eyes. 'Look up Zeus's wife on the internet sometime!'
'What happened?'
He shakes his head sadly and says, 'I have to do my own housework now.'

I pour us a cup of tea. I normally have mine weak and milky but add a couple of sugar cubes as I'm still feeling a little shaky after the scare on Isora.
Zeus nips inside and grabs the whiskey bottle, pouring a generous slug into his black sugary tea. 'If we're going to talk philosophy, I need to loosen up my mind a little first.'
I don't give him much time to loosen up, there's things I want to know, 'The book that we had taken from us in the desert. What was it? Who took it?'
'The Book, ah yes. It's actually called The Book of Lightness and Dark, but that's a bit of a mouthful. I'm a little worried about it. We'll visit the slugs later to see what information they have. After Chiron, it was decided to put it on Earth. I was in favour of launching it into the sun, but everything was done by committee back then, so Earth it was.'
'You keep talking about Chiron and the troubles. What happened?'
'Yes, the troubles,' he says, having a big slurp of tea and topping up his mug with whiskey. 'I try not to think about the troubles. It was a bit of a family dispute.
'After crashing our spaceship into Zinonia it took us anodes some time to regroup and reorganise ourselves. My father's reputation was in tatters and our family name mud. My father, Cronus, was given the Earth Affairs portfolio. We were a bit of what you call a disjointed family. Dad kept eating his children when they were born.'
'Yuck!' I say, 'That's gross!'
'When I was born, my mother tricked him by giving him a rock to eat instead of me.'
'Didn't he notice the difference?' This guy sounds a bit stupid.
'Apparently not!' says Zeus, pausing to have another slug of his tea. 'That just gives you a bit of background into our family. There were tiffs, fighting and affairs. It was never dull. Cronus was part of a group called The Titans, a sort of a secret society that tried to control politics for their own good, a bit like the Masonic Order on Earth. Earth has always been fabled as being one of the most beautiful planets in the Universe and their agenda shifted from caring for it and its inhabitants, to desiring it. The Titans planned to take Earth for themselves.
'I never had much time for my father, not only was he a lousy navigator but he was selfish and heartless. His plans to annihilate the inhabitants of that beautiful planet and turn it into a pleasure dome for him and his Titan mates really got my back up. I was not alone in my opposition to the Titans and formed my own secret society, the Olympians. The twelve of us waited for our moment and when the slugs were changing their moons, overthrew the Titans and banished them to Tartarus, which you call Pluto.
'I drew lots with my brothers to see who would control Earth Affairs. I won so gave Poseidon the seas and oceans and Hades the underworld. We were young and spirited and very hands on in our approach to Earth Affairs. We fought, we squabbled, we loved and we laughed. They were the best times of my life.
'Then Hades got greedy. He didn't love Earth; he desired it, just like the Titans had. First he used thunderbolts, earthquakes and floods to try and kill all the people and have them in his underworld, but it was too slow for him, and people breed like rabbits, so he searched for other ways to take over Earth. Me and the other Olympians tried to keep him in check but then he found what he had been looking for, The Book of Light had survived the crash. With it he would have power to rule the Universe. The sentry slugs alerted us and we were able to stop him before he gained its full power. He was exiled to Pluto to join the Titans.'
'Like all family tiffs, it was a very messy affair and the finish of the Olympians. In the end, The Book was put on Earth and we split up. I stayed on to look after Earth Affairs, the others going their separate ways.'
Zeus dunks a gingernut absent-mindedly in his tea and it breaks off. 'Drat,' he says, emptying his mug in one gulp and clumsily refilling it with whiskey.
'Sounds like quite a family you have. Why is The Book so powerful?'
'Once you have the book your thoughts become strong and overpowering, you gain the will to do good or bad. Zere's more to it, but I don't vant to talk about it anymore.'
'Why not just have a Book of Light, a book of good?' I ask, not letting up.
'Like you cannot have light without darkness, you cannot have good without bad.'
'I don't get it, why not good without bad?'
'Good and bad are like yin and zang, you cannot have one withzout the other.'
'Why not?'
'Letzzayzu, Opps! I'm zlurring again,' says Zeus, getting a grip on himself. 'Let's say you and I go fishing and catch a beautiful plump mackerel. It’s even more beautiful fired up and served with chips for lunch, a sprig of parsley on top and a slice of lemon on the side. Good, yes?'
'Good, delicious. Yum, yum!'
'Good for us, yes! But stop for a minute and think about it from Mr Mackerel's perspective. Good? No, bad as we munch through his bones, evil!
'The trouble with The Book is that those that seek it out are bad, evil aliens that want to rule the Universe. Bad and evil but then again maybe they’re good! The Book cannot be destroyed so it was placed in the dusty archives on our spaceship, amongst all the other books and junk. It had been there for millennia and lived as a legend. The story you told your children about seated around the holograph.'
'That's if you don't eat your children first!'
'Don't talk about my Dad!
'Once we got The Book off Hades and had banished him to Pluto, the remaining Olympians argued about what to do about The Book. As I said before, I was in favour of firing it at the Sun where it would be out of reach. You'd get your fingers burned trying to get hold of it. The rest of the Olympians wanted some sport with the people. They, well we to be honest, loved to meddle in human affairs. Teroids are such interesting characters; you never know what they are going to do next. It was such fun. We fell in love with the girls, and we put monsters down on Earth and placed bets on who would beat them! 
'So The Book of Light went to Earth. Being the leader of the Olympians they gave me some concessions, it could go on my terms. I linked my cat and dog to it. Now they are an intrinsic part of it. It won't work without them. They were Hera and my pets, and my parents' pets before that. They've been in the family for generations so it was sad to see them go. They've been together for so long that they're almost one, yet they're always fighting, Molly the Cagoon and versus Spot, the Suez Dog. If you open The Book meaning to do evil, you will have Molly fighting for you to succeed and Spot barking at you, biting your ankle. Ha,ha, ha, Spot is such a softy, but it was all I could think of.
'Ha, ha, ha,' he continues, 'I don't think anyone's opened it for a while. The Olympians wanted to put The Book in a pyramid so people would find it. So we did, but I put my oar in there too. I put a couple of guardians to protect it, Theodore the owl and Brian the lion.'
'They saved my life.'
'Brian is dopey but loveable. Theo is wise. I turned them to stone and set them on plinths guarding the door, then I covered the pyramid with sand. It used to be a lovely green part of Earth with fertile valleys and tree clad mountains but I turned it to desert to hide The Book.'
'So, correct me if I'm wrong,' I say, trying to get my head around it, 'The Book of Light, the most powerful thing in the Universe, is out there now with a cat and a dog, an owl and a lion running around after it.'
'Yes.' 
'I like Molly and Spot; I met them in the desert. It must have been hard to let them go.'
'It was, but sometimes you need to make sacrifices. They were distractions. I need to think, I need to have answers and I cannot think with distractions.'
'There aren't many distractions on your asteroid.'
'Exactly,' says Zeus, having another slug of whiskey.
'How come everyone calls you 'Dog'? Is it something to do with Spot?'
'Well yes, it's a bit embarrassing. Having saved me from my dad, Mum couldn't decide what to call me, so she named me after Spot!'
'After Spot?'
'Yes, he's a Suez Dog. She just spelled it backwards.'
'G-O-D, Z-E-U-S, God Zeus!' I exclaim and burst out laughing. 'If only people on Earth knew!'
'If only they did. I can't get my head around teroids and their religions. It is the bane of my life. In our thinking, every animal is equal from the humble amoeba to the sentry slug. We are all part of the whole and have respect for each other. The only other creature in the Universe that worships another is the zinodes with their passion for football. I suppose that's because, like humans, they are creative thinkers. When we were first on the asteroids we sent some misfits down to Earth to get them out of our hair. Brahma and Ganesha were two of the first. Before long the people were worshipping them. When the Olympians took over the Human Affairs folio, suddenly we were gods, supreme beings to be obeyed and worshipped. Teroids suddenly started spending more time praying to us for guidance and forgiveness than they did enjoying life. They were so busy worrying about the afterlife that they messed up their real life. Opportunists became religious leaders, ruling through fear and waging war against anyone who might have different beliefs. Huge amounts of money were spent of temples, churches and mosques; beautiful but absolutely useless, when money could have been spent on building beautiful schools, arenas and gardens.'
'So there is a heaven and hell?' I ask.
'When Hades was here, he was taking people to his underworld, giving them a little extra life, just like you have here. I'm sure you will agree that it is not heaven or hell, it's just life. If there is a heaven and hell, it's on Earth and people live it during their lifetimes. Through their actions and the way they treat others they experience paradise or suffering, heaven or hell. If everyone, every being in the Universe lived their lives by one simple rule, treat others as you would have them treat you, the Universe would be a much happier place; boring but happy!'

Zeus is quiet for a moment then asks me a question, 'Why do people have religion when all logic says it is not true?'
'Don't know,' I say. 'I suppose people like to believe in something. At school, our teacher said that Man is so successful because he's got imagination. He tries to see beyond what he can see in front of him. He questions why he's here. Religions provide an answer, a set of rules to break, and a life after death.'
Zeus has another sip of whiskey. 'That is what I don't understand.'
'Don't worry; no one understands. I go through life enjoying the mystery of it all and while there are things I'd like to do before I die, I'm not scared of death. I'll be interesting to see what happens. Last time I ended up here. What do you think happens?'
'I think we all turnout dust, and that dust in turn becomes part of something else; a big cycle.'
'And our spirits?'
'That's getting a bit deep!'

'Your sons, Jesus and Azziz.'
'Yes, my sons Jesus and Azziz?'
'How come they ended up on Earth?'
'They were causing so much trouble up here that I thought some time on Earth might broaden their horizons. OE you call it. But when they get there, what do they do? They start singing my virtues and imploring the masses to pray to me. Just what they know I don't want to happen. They came unstuck soon enough.'
'Azziz got blown up!'
'Good, he needed a bomb under him!'
'Did you ever try to change things on Earth?'
'When I meddle in Earth affairs, it always seems to go wrong. Let's say I let a poor family, destitute and living in poverty in a hovel, win Lotto. The wind just blows the winning ticket into their hungry hands. Bravo they’ve won! But are they happier for it? No, it always turns to custard and ends in tears.
'I talk to leaders sometimes, to try to warn them or give them guidance. The voice of God,' says Zeus with a laugh. 'Sometimes, just sometimes, it helps. Now, I've had enough, I'm ready to throw in the towel and retire to my asteroid, get high on Ozone and think; to search for the answer.'

I roll my eyes to the stars and add some more sugar to my tea.




12.
I decide that I need some time to myself. A lot has happened over the last few weeks and I need time to take stock. I'm still all emotional about my funeral and keep bursting into tears. At night I cuddle up with my pillow and cry.
God's a bit of a worry! The anode that most of the human population is looking up to for spiritual guidance is the son of a baby munching monster and named after the family pet. He's fallen out with his wife and children and is living on a bleak asteroid, high on ozone, Earth's ozone, searching for the answer. The answer to what he doesn't know.
If I'm going to be his apprentice, I had better learn quick before Suez Dog loses it altogether.
I enjoyed talking philosophy with Zeus. It's one of those things that has always fascinated me. To escape from the bullies in the playground I used to hide in the school library reading about all sorts of things. When I had my nose stuck in a book about great thinkers, the girls teased me, saying I was totally dweeb. 
I find it fascinating that different people see the world in totally different ways. I've always been quite happy with the way I see the world, but suddenly arriving on an asteroid and meeting God has moved the boundaries a little, it requires a shift in thinking.

I dig flower beds around the house and plant anemones, poppies and daisies. I hang a window box outside the kitchen window and put in thyme, basil, parsley and rosemary. I laze in the sun and read Jacqueline Wilson and make my eyes go spotty looking at the sunset.
The top of the bluff is my favourite spot. I walk through the sugar cane, past the clanging sheep, through the tropical orchard and up the steep, winding track between the boulders to get there. I throw bits of banana for the seagulls and watch them swoop and dive, then squabble and fight into the distance.
Sometimes I fight the urge to jump, to jump just for the hell of it. It's an awful long way down and I'd hurt myself for sure. I throw stones at the seagulls. They're much too good at flying for me to hit them and squawk angrily and dodge out the way, then chase the pebbles trying to catch them before they splash into the sea far below.
I watch the clouds. There's three of them. It's a little hard to tell because sometimes they're around the other side of the asteroid but I'm sure that there’s three. Normally they're puffy little cumulus, other times they billow up to become angry thunderheads. Sometimes they join up and stretch from horizon to horizon in a sheet of grey or hang about the treetops being fog patches.
I look across the sea to its curved horizon and wonder what's on the other side. Of course, I've seen it from the moons but that's not the same as actually going there. 'I'll go exploring tomorrow,' I say to myself, and slip back to the cottage, singing as I go.

In the morning I sit on the sofa and sketch the view along the beach, the beautiful curve of golden sand backed by palms and cane fields that stretches to the rocks in the distance where the stream runs out. I wonder if it will always be like this.
I strip off and swim in the sea, staying under as long as I can, luxuriating in the cool blue-green water. It's such a wonderful colour, calm and refreshing. I decide to paint my bathroom the same colour, light at the top, dark at the bottom so I can lie in the bath and pretend to be a flounder. I come to the surface, take a deep breath and swim back along the bottom to the beach, chasing little fish in front of me. I lie on the beach and let the sun dry my skin, which has tanned to a lovely golden brown, then pull on my belly dancing outfit and head off exploring.
Negrita chases along with me, playful as ever, running ahead then lying in wait in the sand and tackling me around the ankles as I skip past.
'Oh stop that, it hurts!' I scold and launch a kick at her.
She jumps up and grabs my foot, sticking her sharp claws in.
'Ouch!' I say, trying to shake her off. 'You need a playmate.'
I jump up on a large bleached tree trunk and carefully step my way along, reaching the far end without falling off. I fish Enzo out of my pocket and open the cage. Enzo shuffles out gingerly, then rises up and hovers in front of my face, jittering from side to side. Then he's off, chasing along the tree trunk with Negrita hot on his tail, bounding after him, trying to trap him in her claws. In the heat of the moment he forgets to look where he's heading. 
Boof!  
The log disappears, sucked in by the black hole. Negrita and me tumble onto the soft sand. 
'Careful!' I say. 'I suppose you are not used to having stuff around. Do be careful!'
Enzo seems a little surprised, keeping his distance and hovering at head height.
We carry on along the beach, Negrita leaving a patchwork of paw prints as her and Enzo chase each other tirelessly. I gasp as Negrita jumps up high and with a twisting turn, grabs Enzo and tumbles back to the sand with him in her claws. I expect another boof, but Enzo keeps control of his gravity and wrestles around on the ground with Negrita who snarls and breathes fire. Enzo lifts her up in the air and shakes until she lets go and tumbles back onto the sand, then they are off again, Negrita bounding along the beach in hot pursuit of the small black ball.
When we reach the stream, I wade across, then go back to help the cagoon, who grudgingly lets me carry her across, jumping free too soon and landing with a splash and a snarl in the shallows. I have a drink of the delicious velvet water then head up stream. Stopping on a rock in the citrus grove, I pick an orange and eat it, the sweet juice dripping off my chin. 'I know what we'll do,' I say to my companions. 'Let's see where the stream comes from.' 
We continue upstream, sometimes walking on the grassy banks, sometimes jumping from rock to rock or splashing through the shallows, startling spotty trout and sending them zigzagging away looking for hide-y-holes.
Negrita bravely pounces on one, and after a fight, wrestles it onto a pebble bank. She looks like a drowned rat, but a quick shake fluffs up her fur again. While she munches on it, I carry on, singing happily to myself, passing through a forest then out into the meadow where I arrived, torn and bloody, just three weeks ago. Beer-bottle green grasshoppers jump around my ankles and skylarks sing high above. The stream meanders across the meadow to where it emerges from a rocky gorge.
We must have walked a fair bit of the way around the asteroid as the sun has gone back down and it's nearly dark. I sit on a cool rock being serenaded by the dawn chorus and wait for the sun to come up. I catch a blur out of the corner of my eye and feel a nudge on my cheek as Enzo catches up. A moment later Negrita is beside me. I go to give her a stroke expecting her to arch her back like a normal cat, but Negrita is no ordinary cat. 
Snarl, scratch, hiss, spit! 
Blood drips from my fingers. 
Ouch! 
I keep forgetting.
Once the sun is up again, I pick my way up through the gorge, holding my diary above my head as I swim across the pools, then clambering up over large granite boulders, sparkling silver and black in the sunlight. Climbing around a waterfall I emerge from the gorge into a small valley. Up here the stream is just a small brook babbling its way from pool to pool. Small blue ducks play in eddies and dive deep into the pools, chasing bugs and small fish. I pick a posy of white daisies and tie them up with a blade of grass. 
I hold them up high and stare into the indigo sky, 'These are for you Zula, I miss you.' I blow him a kiss and throw the flowers into the air.
Blut! 
They’re gone, sucked in by Enzo.
'Gravity!' I growl.
From the valley, the mountain goes up steeply, with the creek tumbling down its rocky slope. It gurgles and splashes its way over slippery dark green and black boulders and I have to pull myself up using the roots of the beech and cedar trees. The ground is covered with a soft, spongy carpet of green moss. A glint of gold catches my eye and I fish a gold nugget out of a pool. The stream is full of it.
Two hours later I emerge puffing and panting out of the misty forest to find a pool surrounded by ferns. The water surges and bubbles like a big spa pool. It's a beautiful spot with the effervescent water, dark green boulders and stunted, twisted trees looking eerie in the damp mist. 
'Eureka,' I say. 'I've found the source. I name you the Orinoco River.'
I munch on some tasty, wild strawberries and wash them down with a velvet drink from the pool, then wonder what to do. 
'What the hell,' I finally say to Enzo. 'We've come this far, let's go to the top.'
As we climb up through the mist, it gets cooler. The trees are left behind and I push my way through clumps of tussock grass then over shattered rock as I near the top. Sharp rocks cut at my bare feet and I shiver as I scamper across patches of snow, leaving little red footprints. Then finally I'm at the top.
'I name you, Mt Everest. No, no, not Everest. I name you Mt Ijju,' I say, touching my necklace of tiny coloured glass beads and silver coins, given to me by my friend from the desert, with her beautiful dark skin, braided hair and shy smile. I bet she’s with Zula. It makes me jealous, but she’s still my friend. That’s why I never look down at the desert, because I don’t want to see them together.
There's a gap in the clouds and I catch a glimpse of the sea far below. The cloud closes back in again, cold and damp, then a gust of wind clears the sky giving me a spectacular view. From where I stand there's a sheer cliff down to the sea thousands of feet below. Eagles soar in the rising air, the feathers on their wingtips feeling the currents and steering them this way and that. Looking back to where I've come, I can see Negrita playing in the long grass far below and follow the course of the Orinoco down to where it enters the gorge and vanishes over the curve of my little world. I wonder how big it is, how many square miles. If it's twenty kilometres across, that's twenty times five eights to get miles, so twenty times five divided by eight equals one hundred divided by eight is twelve and a bit. So to get the area it must be twelve and a bit times pi. Is that it? I struggle to remember the formula. All I can think of is steak and kidney pie, which is getting me no closer to the answer. So twelve and a bit times three and a bit, that's probably forty and a bit.




13.
'Thirty nine,'  booms Castor's voice. 'But that's wrong. The correct answer is four hundred and eighty four using the formula four pi r squared.'
'You are listening to my thoughts!' I say stomping my feet. 
Click
I teleport up to the moon.
'Castor, you must not listen to my thoughts! That is just too, too nosey. They are my thoughts. My private thoughts!'
'Well, you shouldn't think so loudly then!'
'I wasn't thinking loudly.' 
Stomp!
Castor says nothing but rolls his eyeballs to the heavens and looks exasperated.
'Teroids!' he says, in dismay and is silent for half a minute. 'Let me explain. If you think loudly, everybody hears. It’s like shouting out for help, which is why I helped you. I was closest.
'You can also think loudly but direct it at someone like a phone call. Have you seen any cell phones since you got here? No, not necessary. It’s more or less private and you can speak to anyone up to a light year away. The next level is thinking quietly in an open line to everyone in a group, say in your house, a sports team or a construction gang. Then comes your own thoughts that you want to keep to yourself and are normally best kept to yourself.
'The trouble with you teroids is that you are always thinking loudly. It clutters up the space around this solar system and half of the Milky Way Galaxy. It’s the white noise that you see on your TV screen. Human thought is a huge problem. Because of this constant background clutter, there is lobbying to have Earth destroyed or at least the teroids exterminated. We have been fighting on your behalf; life would be so dull with you all dead. The magnetic field that we installed helps a lot. It keeps the thoughts in and has at least stopped the calls for demolition but with Zeus's syphoning off the ozone layer to support his habit the problem is getting worse again.'
'So you can hear my thoughts. Does everyone know my secrets?' I ask feeling a little worried.
'Yes they do!'
I go red.
Castor gives me a wink, 'Just joking!'
"Us sentry slugs have morals, doubtful morals maybe, but we have morals and your secrets are safe with us. Safe with us as long as you don't become a security threat.'
'So you know about Enzo?'
'Shhhh,' says Castor. 'Please do not think so loudly or you'll have no secrets. We'll start thought training tomorrow.'
'So you do know?'
'Yes, Enzo is amazing. You're either a very brave or a very stupid girl. I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it. Oh, the moment when Enzo settled in your hand! I’ve kept that secret,' he says, giving me a wink. 'Do you realise that if word got out, it would mean that we have to rethink the whole way we see the Universe?'
'Why not just accept it the way it is?'
Castor changes the subject, flicking up hundreds of surveillance images on his window, he says, 'You would think that with all this information, there would be no secrets, no privacy.'
'How could anyone have a secret or do anything sneaky?' I say, agreeing with him.
'Do you believe everything you read or see on the Internet? No, some of it may be true, but every piece of information, every picture has a slant on it. Information has been left out or altered in a subtle way to try and influence the reader. It's the same with the information us sentry slugs give out. Most information that comes in is someone's opinion or viewpoint and we decide what we send on, subtly altering it to suit our agenda. It's nothing malicious, well not normally, you do the same every time you communicate.'
'How come every one speaks English up here?'
'Ha, ha, ha, ha,' chortles Castor. 'It's a fad. With the Internet, US movies and popular human culture it has become the latest craze across the solar system! Everyone is speaking English. It is creating chaos. 'Hey Mon, Ow's it go'in mon? Giv us hi five mon'. With spoken teroid language, English in particular, just about every word has more than one meaning. Every phrase can be interpreted in several ways depending on the words, the tone of voice and the circumstances it's said in, and how the listener chooses to hear it. It's so clumsy, it’s wonderful. It's not communication, it's art!'
'How do you normally speak then?' I ask.
'We don't speak, we use the universal language.'
'Love?'
'I wish! No, every creature and many plants use the universal language, Unilangue. It's thoughts with pictures. Clear precise ideas, like a blueprint. There’s absolutely no room for misinterpretation.'
'But who uses them, aliens?'
'No, everything except humans. Teroids have got themselves in such a pickle; they're running around in circles, chasing the tails they don't have. What other creature wears clothes, reads newspapers, votes for politicians, saves for retirement, worships gods, or wipes its bottom after going to the toilet? None, not in the entire Galaxy! Because of the stress put upon them by this huge daily burden, they have lost the ability to communicate. They have lost touch with nature, with reality. If you ask me, Zeus's problem at the moment is that he’s been dealing with teroids so long that he is starting to think like one. You're so quirky, so likeable!'
'But the anodes and zinodes wear clothes.'
'That's all part of the fad that's sweeping the Galaxy.'

'Look' says Castor. The screen zooms in on my parents' house in Sheffield, then in further again to focus on the rubbish tin in the back yard. The metal is filtered out to show to slugs underneath it in the mud.
'Yuck slugs!' I say, then remembering myself, put my hand over my mouth. 'Whoops!'
'That's okay,' says Castor laughing. 'Aren't we disgusting. Yellow bits, yuck!'
'Sorry,' I say, feeling sheepish.
'Hector the slug on the right is currently playing stress, a sort of 3-dimensional chess, with Josephine, a dolphin in the Red Sea, Yorang, a monta from a planet near Sirius, myself, and two anonymous players, probably sea sponges. It's six player, one starts from each face of the cube. The object is to reach the throne in the middle.'
An amazing 3-dimensional board with alien looking pieces in six colours appears next to me.
Pieces seem to move almost randomly, sometimes just moving to another position, other times battling it out with one or several other pieces using hand to hand combat or lasers.
'Stress,' calls a player. A red piece moves to a little throne in the centre of the board, a crown appears on his head and he glows golden. The remaining pieces all salute him and throw flowers at his feet, then the board shimmers and disappears.
'There, Hector, your slug has won,' says Castor. 'What a move! What a game!'

'I can hardly get my head around chess,' I say, 'let alone stress!'
'It's not lack of intelligence,' says Castor. 'Just too much clutter. Would you like a game of backgammon? You really need to practice.'
'Why?'
'Because Bin Laden will be up here sometime soon and we'd like to see you beat him this time. Grab the board; it's just under the dash.'
Rummaging around amongst all the horrible things that live under a slug’s dashboard, I find the board and set it up; Castor gives me a few pointers as to where the pieces go.
'You start,' I say, thinking I have him this time. How can he move the pieces with no arms?
The dice rolls and a piece moves. 'Your shot,' he says.
'How did you do that?' I ask. 'Your piece has moved.'
'If us slugs needed arms and legs, we wouldn't have lost them millennia ago! Ha, ha. Darwin was right with his theory of evolution!'
'I thought I had you there.' 
I lose. 
And the next game.
And the one after that.
Then I start to get the hang of it. Castor sends me little thoughts, little suggestions, and I start to get a feel for the tactics.
Then I beat him.
'You let me win,' I say accusingly.
'No, you beat me fair and square.'
'It must have been beginner's luck.'
'Let's play again then,' says Castor.
I win the next two games.




14.

'The Book of Light?' I ask, suddenly remembering.
Castor’s screen flashes up an image of a sailing boat carving a white furrow across a deep blue sea as it races down the waves.
'There it is,' says Castor. 'We've been watching it closely. Zeus is worried.'
'Where is it?'
The view zooms out until the boot of Italy is visible with the track of the small boat shown in blue. Castor then zooms back in again to show the boat close up. 
'It's a Nile River dhow,' says Castor.
Its twin masts creak and groan under a spread of red canvas as a stiff southerly breeze pushes the battered old craft up into the Adriatic. On deck are several dark skinned Arab seamen wearing loose clothing. Their relaxed manner contrasts sharply with that of the burly soldiers dressed in green and brown camouflage uniform. Four of them guard the deck, one at the front, one at the back, one to port and the other to starboard, each banishing a large gun and standing still and alert. One of the seamen fights with the wheel to keep the vessel on course as it surges ahead in the following sea. Seagulls circle overhead and dolphins splash around the bow, which sports the figurehead of a lion.
'Why not use a plane or a helicopter?' I ask.
'They tried to, but don't understand The Book, and have had to retrieve it from two lots of wreckage so far.'
'Where's it going to?'
'It took us a long time to figure it out. She's very cunning, very discreet.'
'Who?'
A picture of a beautiful woman in a sparkly, black ball gown fills the screen. She's stunning. All the curves and bumps are in the right places and she wears a wide, confident smile on her handsome face.
'Ariella, she’s the darling of Europe. She's a Lebanese princess, a socialite who has used her assets to their full advantage, charming her way up the political ladder. She has no real policies, or affiliations but everyone loves her, quite literally. Here are some of her boy friends and lovers.'
The screen fills with well-known politicians, royals, celebrities and business leaders. 
'She's beautiful, charming and evil. What you teroids call a witch. Ten years ago she gave birth to a child, a daughter named Petra. The father is the King of Sweden, very handsome, very conservative, very correct and happily married with three children. He still has fond memories of Ariella but knows nothing of the baby.
'Petra is the opposite of Ariella; she is all sunshine and goodness. Ariella could hardly bear to touch her. Here's Ariella picking her up shortly after birth.'
The screen shows Ariella picking up a newborn baby, then dropping it like it's burning her hands and kicking it away.
'That's awful!' I say, uncovering my eyes.
'She was going to kill the baby, but being the cunning vixen that she is, came up with a plan. Even then she had political desires and arranged for a well-publicised kidnapping of the baby, which has been raised in total secrecy on this little Croatian island.'
The screen zooms in on a rock with a lighthouse on it.
'The Croatians think that they are doing Ariella a favour. But Petra is just another pawn in Ariella's game; completely expendable and positioned ready to be used for maximum political advantage when the time comes. Petra is being raised by ex-special forces soldiers, Mario and Jasmina. They’re the best of the elite. They have raised her from a baby and love her as their own. Recently they have had twins of their own, so really have their hands full. Here's Petra.'
The screen zooms in to show a pretty young girl with tousled red hair sitting on a swing under a gnarled olive tree. She looks sad and lonely. At her feet lies a dog; a very old and tattered dog, browny-black, blotchy and very familiar.
'It's Spot, the Suez dog!' I exclaim. 'And there's Molly.'
'It's good that they've arrived. The dhow is heading for Venice but Zeus is keen for The Book to end up in Petra's hands rather than her evil mother's. There will be a storm, a storm like has never blown in the Adriatic before.'

Seeing Molly the cagoon reminds me of Negrita and Enzo.
'Must be going,’ I say. ‘Thanks for the game.' 
Click! Zimp!

I arrive home in the middle of the night. Jupiter has already set so it's very dark, broken only by a green flash of phosphorescence every time a wave sloshes up the beach. As my eyes become accustomed to the faint starlight I can pick out the black shape of Negrita curled up next to me on the sofa. Snuggled up beside Negrita, almost hidden by her paws is a glowing ball, Enzo!




15.
Castor is teaching me to think quietly. Not only can I now have sneaky thoughts that no one can read but I can play him at backgammon in my mind’s eye. Well almost anyway, I make a few clumsy moves then zip up to his moon to play him face to face.

Having not seen God in weeks, I'm a little surprised when he turns up for breakfast one morning. He looks old, his face is drawn and his beard unkempt. Even the spikes that stick out of his head seem a little floppy. He has wrinkles, definitely more wrinkles than before.
'Are you okay?' I ask.
'What, what?' he answers, as if he's miles away. 'Yes, yes, I'm okay. There's just a lot on my mind. I'm worried about Earth. Actually Earth is fine, you teroids are the problem.'
'I'll get you a cup of tea and some breakfast.'
We sit on the sofa munching on toast and enjoying the spring sunshine.
We need to talk asteroids. Zeus is passionate about his asteroids and is always happy when talking about them.
'Two questions,' I say. 'One, how come I get great big ocean waves when the sea is only a few kilometres across? It's more like a lake than an ocean yet we get these long swells surging up the beach.'
'Have you ever camped next to a lake?' asks Zeus.
'No.'
'Well you wouldn't want to. The waves go: slosh, slosh, slosh, slosh, slosh. It's very annoying, just like a dripping tap. That's what the waves did on the smaller asteroids so we got the zinodes onto the problem. They came up with the gravity pertubator. When we drill the hole to install the black hole in an asteroid, we simply place the pertubator above the black hole on the side where the ocean is. It makes gravity fluctuations, forming waves, like a big wave pool. It is of course linked in with the weather.'
'Bananas and mangoes?'
'I've cheated a little,' says Zeus, starting to brighten up. 'Camillo is a temperate asteroid with a Mediterranean climate but I wanted bananas all year round, just like you have on Earth nowadays. We have genetically modified the tropical trees and sugar cane. There's a bit of a microclimate around that part of your asteroid too, tucked in behind the hill, it's always a few degrees warmer.
'Could I have another cup of tea?' asks Zeus, pouring the teapot and finding it empty.
'No problem,' I say, going to the kitchen, putting the kettle back on the stove and throwing in a couple of pieces of firewood.
After another cup of tea and toast with lashings of honey dripping off the sides, Zeus says, 'Daisy.'
'Daisy the cow?' I ask, licking sweet, sticky honey off my fingers.
Licking his fingers with his long pointy tongue, Zeus says, 'Yes, Daisy the cow. We need to go and visit her.'
Holding my hand, he says, 'Ready?'
I nod and we zimp off to another asteroid.

We arrive on a grassy plain; lush grass with lots of clover, stretching out to the horizon in all directions. Not that the horizon is far away, this is a small asteroid, even smaller than Zeus's.
'It's tiny,' I say.
'It's the smallest we have done so far, just one kilometre across.'
'Where's Daisy?'
'She's on the other side. I want you to see Panacea before we meet her, and I could do with the exercise.'
We walk through the long grass, luxuriating in its soft, squishiness. There's nothing like walking barefoot in grass.
'There's something missing,' I say. 'There's no other life.'
'Exactly,' says Zeus. 'There's no weather, no wind, no animals; just Daisy, her oak tree and a rye grass and clover meadow.'

Being a very small asteroid, it only takes a few minutes walking to be around on the dark side. The grass, damp with dew, is cool underfoot and I shiver wishing I hadn't left my shawl on the veranda. Soon I can make out the silhouette of a tree against the bright starlit sky.
Moo, moo.
'Oh, hello Daisy,' says Zeus. 'I'd like you to meet Emily, my assistant.'
Moo, moos Daisy, a black and white smudge in the darkness.
'Hi Daisy,' I say. I'm not used to talking to cows.
I spend a couple of minutes to take in the surroundings. There's not much to see but the smell is that sweet farm-yardy smell, the heavy, heady aroma of cow poo. The ground under my feet is soft and warm and squidges up between my toes.
'Yuck!' I say, suddenly realising that I'm standing in cow poo. As my eyes get used to the dark, I realise that it's everywhere; a big mound of cow poo has built up around the tree where Daisy sits to chew the cud and contemplate the stars.
'Do you understand?' says Zeus.
'Understand what?' I ask.
'What we are saying.'
'But you haven't said nothing!'
'Oh, I forgot,' says Zeus. 'We really must teach you Unilangue. I'll have a word with Castor and Pollux.'
'Castor has started teaching me to think quietly.'
'Good, he has started then. He'll move on to teaching you Unilangue, then you'll be able to communicate with all living things; the trees, fish, birds, everything.'
Moo, moo.
'When Daisy commissioned Panacea, she just wanted to look at the stars and think. No bugs or other animals to distract her, no weather because it would block the stars, nothing; just enough meadow that she could stretch her legs and think about what she was thinking about when she was looking at the stars. No contact with anyone except a daily visit from a zinode to milk her; to pay the rent so to speak.
'Now Daisy has thought for two hundred years and is wondering what it was she wanted to think about in the first place that was so important at the time. Now Daisy is lonely. She passes her time playing backgammon with the sentry moons and the highlight of her day is the visit from the zinode. 
I laugh, picturing Daisy squeezed into the cockpit of an SM3.
'No, no,' says Zeus, picking up my thought waves. 'She keeps her hooves on solid ground. We're discussing finding some company for her.'
'Cows?' I ask. 
'No, she doesn’t want cows, they just stand around mooing and pooing all day. She wants more stimulating company.'
'Stimulating company?'
'Teroids, Daisy wants people up here.'
'Why not footballers,' I suggest. 'With all the grass, it'll be easy to put a football pitch in. Then Daisy can watch football.'
Moo, moos Daisy, in agreement.
'And she needs life on this planet,' I continue. 'She needs weather; she needs flies that make her flick her tail; worms to process this mountain of manure; rabbits and bugs and butterflies.'
Moo!
'Sounds like a great idea,' says Zeus. 'We'll hand it all over to the sentry slugs and let Daisy be her own gatekeeper to decide who can come in.'
He gives Daisy a brisk rub behind the ear. She gives a little shudder of pleasure. 
Moo!
Zeus holds my hand and we're gone.

We're floating in a little bubble high above the surface on a large asteroid.
'Kumakiri,' says Zeus. 'A rare, V-type basaltic asteroid.'
'Phew, it stinks in here!' I exclaim.
Looking down we see that our feet are covered with gooey cow poo half way up to our knees.
Yuck!
'Ha, ha, ha,' chuckles Zeus. 'We'll go for a swim later.'
'Kumakiri,' says Zeus, 'is a special asteroid for special customers. They're aliens but it's in my folio because they live on Earth. Tricky customers too, they don't want to pay; they say that we owe them!'
'Owe them?'
'We do! They're called zinos. They were the inhabitants on Zinonia before someone crashed their spaceship into it, completely destroying it. They've been living in a remote valley in Mongolia but their habitat is being threatened by a dam project. They heard about us and commissioned Kumakiri.'
'Zinodes, zinos, Zinonia, it all gets a bit confusing.'
'It does, the zinodes used to be called rastaskellions but it was a bit of a mouthful. After the crash, they started calling themselves zinodes.
'What is really interesting about this project is that they want Kumakiri to be the same as Zinonia was; the same plants, animals, atmosphere and landscape. This is a real challenge as it was totally destroyed and all species, apart from a few zinos who teleported to safety, were totally obliterated. So, we are recreating it from memory, what they remember it looked like, and the animals and plants were like. It's not complete guesswork, when we refit asteroids, we often find fossils. We’ve been keeping them and have opened up a little Zinonia museum on Vespa. With the fossils we have the DNA for many species and can replicate them exactly as they were. Did you see the Jurassic asteroid?'
'Yes, I caught a glimpse of dinosaurs on Castor's screen. Is it real?'
'Jurassic Park, the movie; it’s complete rubbish but, as for the idea, brilliant! We did it just for fun. It is the scariest place in the Universe. Aliens are traveling light years to come and see it. We've had to commission an asteroid moon for parking and accommodation.'
'I don't want to go,' I say. 'I saw the movie. I love scary creatures but that was close enough, it made me jump out of my skin.'
'That's why you need to be careful teleporting; you never know where you might end up.'
'These zinos, what do they look like?'
'I don't know. I've been so busy discussing plans with them that I haven't given it a thought. When we've made a bit more progress and we've something concrete to show them, we'll invite them to visit Kumakiri.'
'And they're aliens, living on Earth right under the people's noses?'
'Yes, let's move onto the next project,' says Zeus grabbing my hand.
Zimp!

Our bubble is in orbit above an asteroid that at first glance is the same as Kumakiri. It's a little larger and there's the gantry of a drilling rig visible on the curve of the horizon.
'Pallas,' says Zeus, 'This is my baby. It's taken a lot of lobbying and arguing to get the go ahead. I think I was such pain in the butt that they said yes just to get me out of their hair! I have several ark asteroids for Earth; extinct species, Amazonian biosphere, and the penguin project, but this is the big one, an ark for teroids.
'With the exponential population growth on Earth and the pollution and destruction of habitat that goes with it, it just can't last. The bubble is going to burst. Sooner or later it is all going to end in tears. Teroid tears and tears from the plants and animals that they take with them. I'm putting my money on technology. Humans think technology will be their saviour but it will be their undoing. Teroids are becoming lazier and more greedy and relying more and more on technology to archive their ends. Before long their survival will be dependent on the computers that control food production and distribution. One little virus or fuse blowing and the whole pack of cards will come tumbling down.
'Pallas is an ark. It's too big to fit in the factory so we are working on it in situ. It's a race against time as we need to get gravity and the oceans dug within two years so we can intercept Comet Elenin to fill them up and manufacture the atmosphere.'
'Wow,' I exclaim. 'You really are God!'
'I try,' says Zeus, blushing slightly. 'But really it's just damage control. I feel that if I'd done something different a thousand years ago we wouldn't be in this situation now. I prefer not to meddle and just leave mankind to shape his own destiny.'
'You've done right. You're not a nanny. It's great that you care.'
'I like teroids! You’re so unpredictable, so annoying at times, yet so spirited.'
Sniff, sniff.
'It stinks in here doesn't it?' 
Zimp! 
We're back on Camillo. We sit on the beach and let the cold waves wash us up then suck us back down again, pressure washing the cow poo away.




16.
'Any news about The Book?' I ask, after we've dried ourselves off.
'Let's go see the sentry slugs,' replies Zeus, and with a click of his fingers we're sitting in the cockpit of one of the moons.
'Hi Castor,' I say, giving the slug a kiss on both cheeks.
'About time you visited!' says the slug, reddening up a little. 'I'm Pollux; I've been dying to meet you.'
'Sorry,' I say examining him closely. His face is slightly rounder than Castor's, his eyes bigger and with a different pattern on the iris. 'It's just that I got to know Castor first.'
'Well, it's lovely to meet you at last. Don't forget I'm up here too.'
'The Book of Light?' asks Zeus.
Pollux flashes the screens up.
'It's there,' he says, zooming in on the tiny lighthouse island of Mulo until we can see Petra's box of special things hidden under the gnarled olive tree. 'A little soggy, but intact.'
'Has she looked at it yet?'
'No, she's delighted to have company; first Molly and Spot, and now Brian and Theo. This girl is special. I've never seen a human so in tune before. Look at this.' He shows images of her catching crabs then giving them to a huge octopus, then another clip of the octopus giving treasures to her. 
'She has grown up her whole life on that little piece of rock, so everything that happens to her, she thinks of as normal.'
'She looked very sad and lonely when I saw her,' I say.
'She is,' says Pollux, 'Especially now that her foster parents have babies of their own.'
I know what it feels like; you feel like they don't love you anymore.
The picture on the screen zooms out to show the whole of Mulo, with the lovely enclosed garden, the cottage tucked in behind the fortifications and the lighthouse standing proudly, topped by a red dome and wind vane.
'There's a lot of driftwood,' I say.
'That's the wreckage of the dhow.'
The image switches to high resonance radar image of the small ship being tossed around by huge waves. One mast is lying across the deck and the sails on the other mast are in tatters, flapping madly in the hurricane force wind. As a wave sweeps over the deck, sailors and soldiers jump up and hang on to the rigging. Lit up by flashes of lightning, we see Brian the Lion pounce across the heaving deck, grab a seaman and toss him over the side. He runs about the deck, vanishing from sight at times under the water and spray, disposing of all of the men. Sometimes a swipe of the paw is enough to send then flying. One soldier raises his weapon, trying to get a shot, but Brian pounces then picks up him and shakes him like a rag-doll before throwing him into the wild foaming sea.
The screen flicks ahead in time to a daytime image of the island. The sea is still huge but the wind has dropped. The water is full of wreckage, heaving in the swell.
'I like this bit,' says Pollux, and zooms in on Brian, soggy and forlorn hanging on to a piece of wreckage. A sailing dinghy is being rowed backwards towards Brian with Petra on one oar and a big, square shouldered man on the other.
'That's Mario, Petra's foster dad.'
They stop, look at the lion and discuss whether it's safe to go any closer, then back up some more. Suddenly, Brian pounces into the small boat, almost capsizing it and sending them sprawling in a tangle of legs and paws.
'Ha, ha, ha,' laughs Pollux. 'Who in their right mind would rescue a lion?'
'Teroids!' I say.
The next shot shows the boat sailing over the swells, its two sails pulling it along at a good clip, sending spray flying over the bow. Brian is sitting at the back and Petra and Mario are squeezed in by the mast, with Petra holding the tiller.
'What a lovely little boat,' I say.
'The Book has floated out of its box,' says Zeus. 'Do you know what happened to the key?'
'No, it's lost, probably went down with the boat.'
'That's a good thing,' says Zeus, 'and at least The Book is with Petra and not her evil mother.'
'She's lonely,' I say. 'She needs friends.'
'She is. She does,' says Zeus, 'and she’s too young and naive to have the power of The Book. I'll get Theo to see what he can do. With all that daft two-wit two-wooing he does you would never guess that he's the most level headed creature on Earth.'

'Let's have a game of backgammon,' says Pollux to me. 'I hear that you are pretty good.'
'You're on.'
'Two, three or four dimensional,' asks Pollux.
'Two dimensions will be just fine!'
We take turns playing each other. Zeus loses terribly but seems to thoroughly enjoy himself.
I'm half way through a game against Zeus when Pollux flicks an image up on the screen. 'Look at this,' he says.
Live Al Jazeera is scrawled across the bottom of the image that shows a beam of light glancing down from the clouds with something slowly moving up it.
'Amazing, incredible, bla, bla, bla,' says the commentator, too gob-smacked to find words. 
The object vanishes up into the clouds and the beam of light is gone, leaving the sky grey and overcast.
'Let's show that again,' says the commentator, finding his tongue again.
The footage rewinds itself with the object coming back down to Earth and people walking backwards.
'It’s a grey day for Pope Benedict here in Khartoum. The Pope's visit reflects the growing credence given to claims that Azziz was the second Son of God. In an unprecedented show of religious unity, top Muslim scholars are here at the grave with Pope Benedict today.'
The Pope bends down to place a small posy of flowers on the simple grave, no more than a pile of rubble, then kneels to kiss the grave. Suddenly a beam of light breaks through the clouds and lights up the Pope.
'Incredible,' continues the commentator, 'Scenes similar to those we witnessed at the recent burial of Emily Taylor in Sheffield. Whoa, what is happening...?'
The image shakes and jumps around as the cameraman runs to get a better vantage point.
'The very ground is moving...'
The Pope steps back and crosses his chest as the loose rubble shakes and is pushed aside by the robed body of Azziz rising from the grave.
'Incredible, amazing....'
The body, lying horizontal and completely stiff, rises slowly up the beam of light until it vanishes into the clouds.
'Let's see that again....'

'Azziz,' yells Zeus, red with fury and hopping from foot to foot. 'All the hard work I do and he goes and does that! Selfish, egotistical show off! It's going to take millennia to repair the damage. He's as bad as his brother. Useless layabouts!




17.
I wonder if I've put too much soap in my wash tub. As I stomp up and down on my clothes, the bubbles overflow the tub and spread out across my back lawn, looking like snow.
Bulla, bulla,..., bulla, bulla,..., bulla, bulla,...
Music starts up around the front of the house.
Bulla, bulla,..., bulla, bulla,..., bulla, bulla,...
'What is going on?' I say to myself, and wrapping a towel around my soapy body, I walk through the house leaving a trail of bubbly footprints.
Bulla, bulla, I went to a party, bulla, bulla, tap, tap, tap, bulla, bulla,...
I'm greeted by the sight of two young anodes wearing Hawaiian shirts and kicking a football to each other.
Bulla, bulla,…header,...bulla, bulla,...knee tap,...bulla, bulla,...header,..., bulla, bulla,...
Seeing me approaching, one of them turns to me while the other continues to deftly juggle the ball, not letting it touch the ground.
'Miss Emily Taylor?'
'Yes,' I answer, suspiciously.
'A delivery for you,' he says handing me a courier package. 'Please sign here.'
I sign the delivery note. The anode goes back to dancing about to the music and juggling the ball with his friend, then he clicks his fingers and anodes, ball and the beat box with its bulla-bullas, disappear.

I stand on the spot, bemused. Two young anodes, rather handsome young anodes, wearing bright Hawaiian shirts and kicking a football around have just delivered a parcel from Earth and disappeared. A gentle breeze blows bubbles off my legs and they float way, dancing in the eddies.
I shake my head, shrug my shoulders and walk over to the sofa, reading the label on the parcel and leaving more soapy footprints.
Miss Emily Taylor, Camillo AS3752, Asteroid Belt.

I'm just about to sit down when....
Bulla bulla, bulla bulla, tap tap, bounce, kick, bulla bulla.
They're back!
They kick the ball across to me. I trap it with my foot, give it a couple of little kicks up in the air and boot it back. The taller one of the two catches the ball and with a snap of his fingers turns the beat box down. They come across to me and the taller one holds out his hand to shake mine.
'Hi, I'm Jesus,' he says, shaking my hand vigorously, then turns to his slightly shorter and younger looking companion and adds, 'and this is Azziz. We are sons of God.'
'Lovely to meet you,' I say, looking into their eyes. Jesus's are brown with gold flecks, while Azziz's are bright green. 
'If you would like to open your package, we'll finish your washing,' says Azziz. Not waiting for an answer, the two of them vanish into the house, arriving back a moment later carrying the wooden tub full of bubbles and dragging the hose behind them. The music turns itself back up and they dance about as they wash, rinse and wring out my laundry.
I sit on my sofa and carefully open the parcel. I take the labels off my new clothes then go into the house and put on the pink jeans with aqua hems and the yellow t-shirt with pink zigzag lines.
'I hear you do a good breakfast,' says Azziz. 'We've bought bacon.'
'Does scrambled eggs with bacon and baked beans on the side sound good?' I ask.
'Sounds great!'
'Tea or coffee,' I yell after them as they head out the back to hang out the laundry.
Ping! 
An espresso machine appears on the kitchen bench. 
'I guess it's coffee then,' I say to the cooker, who's sitting smugly in the corner, boiling the kettle.
The bacon is sizzling away when they come back. They’ve changed to human form and look ever so handsome with their long hair and sparkling eyes. I keep looking at them. I hope they don't think I'm rude but I can't help myself.
Azziz flicks a couple of coffee capsules my way. I miss, I'm too distracted.
'It's a pod type machine,' says Azziz, picking up the capsules. 'It's my souvenir from Earth. I'll bring lots of pods, you'll probably be seeing quite a bit of us.'
We sit out in the spring sun for breakfast. Zeus's table is starting to give problems and is stuck a little higher at one end than the other, any higher and everything would slide off. As it is the cups and plates stay put, but only just.
We start with freshly squeezed orange juice, then have bacon and eggs with beans, garnished with a sprig of parsley from my herb garden and lashings of black pepper, ground chunky. Jesus and Azziz chase it down with strong espressos, while I wash mine down with milky tea.
'That was good!' says Azziz, after making a second cup of espresso for himself and his brother. He sits back into the comfort of the old sofa and carefully rolls himself a cigarette, then shuts his eyes in pleasure as he draws the smoke in and puffs it out into the cool morning air.
After a few minutes of silence, I say, 'You went a little over the top, rising from the dead! Tut, tut!'
Azziz laughs, 'I couldn't resist it. It'll take Dad a thousand years to forgive me!'

He takes another sip of his espresso and sucks deeply on his cigarette, 'Dad was right about preaching to the teroids. I learnt my lesson. It's not a good idea to get killed when you're transfigured. The pain was incredible.'
Jesus nods his head in agreement.
'Your Dad doesn't seem to like you very much.'
'He loves us,' says Azziz. 'Well as much as an anode can, but despairs of us. While he has dedicated much of his life to trying to save the world, he sees us as happy-go-lucky lay-abouts which doesn't sit well with the anode view of life. Whatever we do, it's wrong. We just can't seem to please him.'
'If only he would accept us the way we are,' says Jesus. 'We’re proud of him. Suez Dog holds the lowest post of any on the anodes of his generation, yet he does it with pride. He ignores the taunts. He stood up for what was important to him in the troubles, mobilising the Olympians against the Titans, and he continues to fight for what he thinks is right. He's a cantankerous old blighter and falls out with everyone. Mum put up with his indiscretions for years, but him hitting the ozone was the last straw. If only he could get his feet back on the ground, she'd have him back in an instant.
'Ozone gives you a feeling of inner peace and tranquillity and in no time, you're a junky and your life falls apart. It was the downfall of the Titans. It was why they wanted Earth so bad.'
'Is there a clinic he can go to?' I ask. 'Like Betty Ford for aliens.'
'No, you can't detox from Ozone. The only way out is to have dreams, to have a goal in life that you are striving for, then the urge just goes away. The trouble is that anodes are practical creatures. We organise, we react to situations, we even plan a little, but we don't have dreams we strive for, like you teroids. That is why Ozone is such a scrooge.'
Azziz puts his head in his hands, 'Enough talk of family, lets kick the ball around.'

He clicks his fingers and him and Jesus change back to anode form. 'It's more comfortable like this,' he says, and picking up the ball, spins it on one finger then gives it a mighty kick up the beach. It bounces a couple of times then gets caught in the waves. They run after it, looking a sight in their Hawaiian shirts. Azziz wears a designer one with large dark blue hibiscuses printed on light blue linen; Jesus a wonderfully tacky one with orange sunsets and palm trees on black polyester. 
I chase them up the beach, kicking and splashing all the way along to the stream mouth where we sit on the rocks and get our breath back.
'Great surf,' says Jesus, looking at the waves peeling cleanly along the sandbar.
'Do you like Camillo?' I ask.
'Yes, it's lovely, probably the best asteroid I've seen.'
'Would you like or live here?' I ask.
'Love to,' they both say together.
'I'll have to ask Zeus,'
'It would be diplomatic, but you really don't have to. If it's your asteroid, you are the gatekeeper,' says Azziz.
'You mean that I can have anyone I like live here?'
'Yes, but take care. You only met us two hours ago and you're inviting us to live here already. We could be nasty, mean, horrible aliens that eat your lettuces then steal your knickers from the clothes line and run around with them on our heads.'
'I don't wear knickers anymore,' I say laughing.
'I don't want to know. But do you see what we are saying? Anyone you let in will make a big difference to your life in one way or another, so you need to be careful,' says Azziz.
They're right. 'I will be careful, but I like you guys. You're fun! Let me ask Zeus.'
I concentrate really hard and tried to imagine that I'm telephoning Zeus.

'Yes Emily,' says Zeus's resonant voice.
'Will it be okay if Jesus and Azziz stay on Camillo?'
'Are they back? No…' there's silence for a few seconds. 'No, no, no…I feel like I'm your Dad and I'm worried that they might…have an influence on you….’ 
He’s goes quiet again.
‘Well yes,’ he continues. ‘I suppose so. They can stay, better the devil you know, than not!'
'Thanks, see you soon!'

'Yes, he said, yes!'
'We heard, you really must learn to think quietly. Now half the solar system knows that we're here. We prefer to keep a low profile,' says Jesus.

'Will you build a house?' I ask.
'Anodes don't live in houses. They're a waste of time and resources.'
'No houses?'
'No,' continues Azziz, 'but having lived on Earth, both of us have a taste for teroid things: Hawaiian shirts, espresso, women and houses! Let's find a good spot.'
There's a low hillock just behind where we're sitting that's the perfect spot; high enough that it will be clear of the water if the stream floods but still right on the beach. We plan a simple little cottage like mine but with two bedrooms, to be built with stones from the stream so it will blend in with the landscape.

'Em, can we call you Em?' asks Azziz.
'Of course, everyone calls me that at home.'
'Em, we're off to a soccer match later. Would you like to come?'
'Oh yes!' I say. I love soccer.
Azziz is quiet for a moment, while he makes arrangements, then says, 'Okay, we'll come along after lunch so we can have a kick around before we go.'
'See you then,' I say and kick the ball back along the beach, singing to myself.




18.
It's late afternoon before I spot Azziz and Jesus coming along the beach. There's lots of splashing going on in the water next to them. When they get closer I can make out flashes of red. Closer still and I can see that it's a school of zinodes. They have a couple of footballs with them and are flicking them ahead with their tails then swimming fast trying to be the first to reach them.

I go down to meet them.
'Hi Em,' says Jesus, with a beaming smile. 'We're late, aren't we? We're always late. We were just finishing off the house.'
'Finishing off the house, my foot!' says Azziz. 'He was out surfing!'
'And you were checking out the vicinity for anything that could be brewed, fermented, distilled or smoked!'
'Humph, humph,' says Azziz, clearing his throat. 'The house is finished. You’re invited to the house warming party; we’ll have it soon.'
'That'll be great; I'll be able to wear my new clothes.'
'We've got a couple of hours before we go so let's have a kick around, teroid rules,' says Azziz.
'Teroid rules, Earth rules,' explains Jesus.
They scratch out a soccer pitch in the sand using bits of driftwood, which they stick in the sand to mark the corners and goals.
'It's only half a pitch,' I say.
'Exactly, it’s beach soccer; half on the beach, half in the sea with the goals in the wishy-washy bit where the waves break. It's Jesus and you and six zinodes against me and the other six. We'll take our shirts off,' says Azziz.
The ball is mini, about half the size of a normal football. It's placed in the middle of the pitch and Azziz whistles to start play. From that point on it's a riot, more rugby than soccer. As soon as I get the ball, my feet are taken out from under me and I end up in a snotty heap on the sand. Next time the ball comes to me I to pass it straight away before they can get me. The zinodes either hover just above the ground or splash about in the sea like mermaids. They can really whack the ball, easily knocking it the length of the pitch with a flick of their powerful tail. While Azziz and Jesus, having two feet prefer to dribble, the zinodes hit the ball on the volley or trap it with their tail, flip it in the air, then whack it.
I end up in tears after collecting a ball in the side of the head. No one gives me any sympathy. I crawl up the beach and sit on a log with my head in my hands. I hear a gentle snarl and feel something rub up against my leg and look around to see Negrita, 'Oh Negrita,' I say, and make the same old mistake of going to stroke her, ending up with a bloody finger and more tears. You'd think that I'd learn!
'You probably want to play with Enzo,' I say, and are about to pull the white ring cage out of my pocket when I have second thoughts. Some things are best kept secret! 
'Later Negrita, later,' I say and run off back down the beach to re-join the game. 
The water is still chilly and I'm shivering cold by the time play is abandoned. The zinodes chase a school of mackerel up on the beach, keeping just enough for dinner and letting the rest flip and flop their way back into the sea.
While I'm getting changed into my other pair of jeans and t-shirt, Azziz and Jesus barbecue up the fish, burning them to perfection. There's a lot of good natured ribbing when they find they're one fish short and the zinode who they decided can't count, swims out and catches a lovely pink and blue snapper for his dinner. He's quite happy with the outcome, as is Negrita who sits up the olive tree picking scales off her whiskers with her sharp claws.

A long, sleek spacecraft comes to pick us up. It hovers over the beach, kicking up a cloud of sand, while we clamber aboard.
'Why not teleport?' I ask.
'It's more fun on the bus,' says Azziz.
The bus takes off, dips its wings to say hi to the sentry moon, then shoots off at high speed.
'Where are we off to?' I ask.
'Szabo,' says Azziz, holding on tight as the ship lurches to avoid an asteroid. 'It's way across to the other side of the Asteroid Belt, they'll put down the shields when we get close to the sun.'
The zinodes drum and sing, dance and fight. It's chaos on bus. Out of the porthole I see a beautiful familiar looking blue planet, swirls of white cloud marbling its surface.
'Is it-?' I ask.
'Earth,' says Jesus. 'Would you like a closer look?'
'Oh yes!'
Jesus yells something out and the bus lurches towards Earth. It grows and grows in my porthole then is lost from view behind yellow and orange fire.
'Yahoo,' hoot some of the zinodes.
The fire clears to reveal grey cloud whizzing by my window. Through the murk, I can pick out the vague grey forms of houses far below.
'England,' says Jesus. 'The home of football.'
The bus turns skywards again filling my view with fire.
I think of home. Is Annie okay? Has Mum's new baby arrived yet? I will ask the slugs when I get back.
When the shields drop down, the lights are dimmed and holographic projectors play highlights from football matches. At one stage, everyone and everything, including the balls in the replays, slide to one side.
'We're slingshotting around the sun,' says Azziz. 'These old bangers travel at less than light speed, so slingshot off the planets and sun, using the gravitational force to accelerate them towards their destination. It's great because we get a close look at the planets.'
A giant screen drops down at the front of the cabin. Manchester United versus Real Madrid, live! The zinodes all cheer for Manchester United. I thought at first that it’s because Manunited wear red too, then realise that the zinodes are Manunited fans. They shout out each player's name as he gets the ball and cheer, boo and heckle the referee according to the play. When things are going Manunited's way they sing along with the crowd in the stadium.
If only the players knew that they're being watched live by a rowdy bunch of extra-terrestrials slingshotting around the sun!
To the delight of the zinodes, the men in red win. Once the cheering has died down, the cabin is darkened and everyone snoozes. It's been a busy day for me and I'm out like a light, awakened what seems minutes later to Jesus's lovely voice cutting through my dreams, 'Emily, emily, emily, Em-il-y!'
I stretch, turn over and try to sneak off to sleep again. 
'Emily, emily, Emily, EMILY WAKE UP!'
'Please, please go away and let me sleep,' I plead. I've never been a morning person.
'Emily, get up now. We're at the bus stop. If you don't get off now, we'll end up on one of Saturn's moons at the depot.'
I stretch groggily and climb down from the bus shielding my eyes from the bright light. It's all a bit much for this hour of the morning so I link arms with Azziz and Jesus and shut my eyes, letting them guide me.

'Okay, you can open your eyes now,' says Azziz.
I blink against the harsh light. Once I can see, I decide that there's nothing to see and shut my eyes again. My glimpse revealed something dark greenish overhead but apart from that, nothing.
'Where are we?' I ask.
'Szabo.'
'There's nothing here.'
'Yes there is. Open your eyes.'
I open them and look around. Apart from the tree we're under there's nothing but an old well. I get a feeling of deja-vu.
'I've been here before,' I say, 'but the tree was missing. The well was here but not the tree. It's an arcadia, L’Arbre du Ténéré, the most lonely tree on Earth.'
'You're right!'
'But it doesn't exist. It was knocked over by a Libyan truck driver in nineteen seventy-three,' I say, trying to get my head around it.
'It doesn't exist on Earth anymore. There was so much demand for it that it went up for auction. The szabo got it and recreated the well to make it authentic.'
I look around. It's like the Sahara but bleaker. There's a few zinodes around, mostly sporting red Manunited shirts, but no one else.
'I thought we were coming to a soccer match. Do they draw the pitch on the desert?'
'The stadium's broken down. It'll be here as soon as they fix it,' says Azziz.
I decide that it's best not to ask. I'll just wait and see.

I'm thrilled to be in the desert. I feel at home in the desert. It brings back memories of Zula; not that I'm too keen on the ones the well brings flooding back; it wasn't Zula's finest moment!
We buy cups of mint tea from a vendor and spend the morning sitting under the tree.
I'm sure I can hear voices but there's no one to be seen.
'I can hear voices,' I say.
'It's busy, isn't it,' says Jesus. 'The tree is the focal point of the asteroid.'
'Busy?' I say, 'You must be joking!'
'Have you still got your eyes shut? Look!'
'Look at what? You're pulling my leg.'
'Would we?'
'Yes.'
'Yes we would, but we are not. Do you mean to say that you honestly cannot see anything?'
'Yes, just desert and one zinode over there,' I say pointing to a red shirted zinode.
'Oh,' says Jesus, thinking. 
A few moments later, he says, 'I've checked with Castor and he says that you cannot see them.'
'He's right. See who?'
'The szabo. Apparently they exist beyond the level of your consciousness, like on a different plane.
'Castor has just added that they exist on the same plane as ghosts, goblins and mythical creatures do on Earth. They're there, but you cannot see them and are only very rarely aware of their presence.'
'So these people that don't exist,' I say. 'What do they do here?'
'Hang out. Maybe they come here to watch football and get away from their nagging wives like everyone else does.'
'And what did the szabo, give you in exchange for their asteroid?'
'They supply the antimatter.'
'Antimatter,' I say thoughtfully, 'that makes sense.'
A minute later, I ask, 'Can they see me?'
'Probably not.'

I can hear them. Not through my ears but in my mind. 
'Do they speak the universal language?' I ask.
'Yes, of course.'
'I can hear them. I can't understand, but I can hear them!'
'Great, if you can hear them, you're there. It's probably best that you don't understand them, they are a little odd.'
That arouses my curiosity. Maybe they're talking dirty. I close my eyes and concentrate really hard. I can't hear them at all. I harder I listen, the less I hear.

No one seems surprised that the stadium hasn't turned up. A series of friendly games are organised between the supporters of the two teams. Pitches are marked out on the light brown dust using black tarry stuff and poles with red flags on top are used to mark the corners. Piles of sand with rocks on top are built to mark the goals.
On Earth, football supporters watch it, read about it, and talk and argue about it. Here on Szabo, everyone plays, and plays well.
The Szabo team are Barcelona supporters, so it's navy and maroon vertical stripes against the Manchester red of the asteroid, Vespa. The players are mostly zinodes but Azziz and Jesus, a few other anodes, and me play too. When I ask why there's some large jerseys playing without occupants, Azziz laughs and says that they're the szabo, not the quickest around the pitch, but with long arms, they made great goalies. The games are played teroid rules but only just. The play is often five or ten metres above the ground, but even in sport the zinodes are good-natured and whenever the ball gets near me, it ends up back on the ground. Games go on until one team surrenders, so can be really quick, or if both teams are evenly matched, can go on all day.

I lose track of the days. We play soccer by day and sit under the arcadia tree at night, singing and playing backgammon. My new clothes are soon covered with sweat, dust and dirt and I'm starting to dream of my comfy bed and long hot baths. I'm happy though; I have always liked football and enjoy Jesus and Azziz’s company. It's small wonder that they were such a hit on earth.
Although I haven't quite got my head around Unilangue, I've got the hang of thinking; lots of quiet, secret thoughts for myself; slightly louder ones to communicate with Jesus and Azziz; and with a directed thought and I can call someone up. No loud thoughts, not any more. I don't want the world listening to my thoughts, especially when I think about boys!

A low whining noise heralds the arrival of the stadium, which appears as a distant speck in the pale yellow sky. As it grows so does the noise and by the time the stadium is landing in the huge cloud of dust, I have to press both hands tight over my ears and my nose starts bleeding. Szabo doesn't seem to have any weather. With no breeze to blow the dust away it's a full day before the cloud settles enough to see the stadium.
Most football stadiums are much the same, like big Yorkshire puddings. This one's different. It's strikingly simple and beautiful. Shaped like a giant dewdrop, it's shiny, smooth and functional, looking one moment like glass, the next like stainless steel; one moment reflecting its surroundings, the next blending in. Up close the finish and detailing is amazing. With zinodes being designers and craftsmen and football their religion, this is their cathedral, beautifully conceived and crafted and all the more impressive for standing alone in the middle of nowhere.

I haven't seen more than five hundred begins since we arrived. While I can't see the szabo, I know that there's not enough of them to full this huge stadium. I can't imagine where the crowd will come from, but come they do. On the morning of the match, there’s suddenly stripy navy and maroon shirts everywhere. Shirts stand around, walk arm in arm, run and fight, laze about and sleep. Thousands of szabo have put their colours on.
During the day, a steady stream of spacecraft arrives, from cute little flying saucers the size of a car, to cruisers, as Azziz calls them, the size of an ocean liner. Azziz loves the fighters, sleek craft bristling with cannons. Some are painted camouflage colours, others matt black, and some I just didn't know how to describe. Azziz says that they're adaptable craft, meaning that they take on their surroundings, making them all but invisible.
Thousands of zinodes teleport in wearing their colours, and there are aliens of all shapes and sizes, like extras from a science fiction film. I meet a handful of anodes. They hug and kiss Jesus and Azziz, but most of them won't shake my hand. Some do, which is better than none. Zeus was right, these guys don't like us.
I'm surprised that there's not more anodes. Jesus explains that because anodes are organisers it's difficult for them to get away to watch the matches.
'Why aren't you organising something then?' I ask.
'I'm not ready for it yet,' he replies with a grin.

By late afternoon we're seated inside the packed stadium, way up high, with a fantastic view down on the pitch. I went to a big match with Dad once and here, there’s the same atmosphere of expectancy electrifying the air. What is different is the pitch, which has no side lines and the goals which are as tall as they are wide.
'Zinode Rules,' says Jesus. 'The field of play is anywhere in the stadium and every time there is a stoppage, another ball is added. Each ball is a different colour and the referee has a different tone of whistle for each ball. You can end up with up to eleven games going on at once. The more balls there are in play, the better the chance of a goal being scored. Once a goal is scored, they kick off again with one ball. There is no out, the players head off out of the stadium sometimes but they always come back. This is where the goals are!'
'Sounds great,' I say.
'Kick off is at sunset, in half an hour.'
The prematch build-up is much the same as any first division match in Europe, but with an alien cast and a singer who splits my eardrums. The players come on, escorted by young ones and the club anthems are played with the crowd standing in respect.

'Keep an eye on red player number three, Julia,' says Azziz. 'She just signed up this season but has already scored eight goals.'
'How can you tell the girls from the boys? They all look the same to me.'
'It's easy; the girls have forked tails, the boys rounded ones.'
'Got it.'

A security moon descends into the stadium and hovers about half way up.
'Wow,' says Azziz, 'It’s an SM5, the latest model. I wonder if they're expecting trouble. It might be a big night tonight! The sentry slug is referee. Arcturus is a bit of a stickler; he gave out two red cards in the last match.'
Pooop! 
The referee's whistle sounds and the ball is kicked off. The players leave the ground quickly, positioning themselves around the airspace inside the stadium. The zinodes are incredibly fast and accurate passers, hovering in wait, swooping on the ball, then with a quick flick of the tail, sending it on to the next player. They use every available bit of space, often crashing into the crowd amidst cheering and clapping. After a determined tackle, Pooop, another ball appears, and before long a third. It's impossible to take in all of the action.
Pooop, Booop, Peep.
Different whistles sound for each ball and more balls appear. Then Szabo score a goal. The empty jerseys in the crowd erupt, jumping five metres in the air then slowly drifting back down into their seats. Banners are unfurled and bright pink flares are thrown onto the pitch.
After the players have done a quick celebratory lap of the stadium, they descend to ground level.
Pooop.
The game is restarted with one ball again. It's so much more exciting that teroid football to watch. Sometimes the players whizz by within arm’s reach, other times they are all but lost from sight over the other side of the stadium. Although zinodes are quite small, just half a metre tall, clever lighting, with the whole stadium darkened and just the balls, players and goals illuminated make them easy to see. Each time a goal is scored, the main lights light up the whole stadium.
After three-quarters of an hour of play, with the score three goals to Vespa, five to Szabo, a loud siren sounds and the players quickly hide among the crowd.
'Is it half time?' I ask naively.
'No,' says Azziz, looking up. 'Now the real action starts!'
The crowd falls silent in anticipation, all looking up.

Suddenly the umpire's moon swings around and opens fire with all guns. 
Pachum, pachum, pachum.
Gun turrets pop out of the top of the stadium and join the fire. 
Blam, blam, blam.
Lasers and torpedoes crisscross the sky. There’s a couple of big explosions and chunks of burning slimeball splatter on the pitch. The crowd jump to their feet with a roar. I'd seen slimeball attacks on Camillo, but this is something else, a heavy concentrated attack. Arcturus in his new SM5 is the star, spinning and turning as he fires, then dodging out of the way of incoming slime.
Splat!
A slimeball gets though the defences and lands in the middle of the pitch. The crowd goes wild and some start to run as it heads for the stadium. Just as it splatters into the crowd and starts to devour the first couple of spectators, Arcturus spins around and roasts it with his lasers then fires a torpedo into it.
Blap! 
It explodes sending chunks of burning slime everywhere.
A flaming, still pulsating lump of blue slime lands on my lap. 
'Aaaaagh!' I scream, swinging my arms like a windmill, as I try to knock the flames out and push it away all at the same time. 'Aaaaaaaagh!'
'I'll have it if you don't want it!' shouts Jesus, as he grabs the glutinous mass, breaking off a chunk and eating it.
Over the sound of the gunfire, I can just hear him saying, 'The burnt bits at the edge are best, like toasted marshmallow.'
He breaks another piece off and offers it to me, 'Would you like some?'
I shake my head, I can't speak. My whole body shakes and I feel something warm and wet running down my legs.
It seems like forever before the gunfire slows down, and after a final putoom from Arcturus sends the last slimeball spinning off into the car park, it's over.

The crowd cheers and roars for a full five minutes, then the players reappear.
Pooop.
The game is off again.
'Aren't they going to stop play and cancel the game?' I ask.
'No, no,' says Azziz, his mouth still full of blue slime. 'It's all part of the spectacle these days. Since slimeball attacks have started, crowd numbers have doubled, the stadium is always full; the larger the crowd, the more organic material, the bigger the attack.'
'Surely they could shoot them down in space or shut the roof, or something?'
'It would spoil the fun!'
'But people got hurt, a slimeball got into the stadium.'
'Only a couple, Arcturus let that one through. He gets a cut of the takings!' says Azziz, grabbing another bite of slime.
I just shake my head. I can't remember much more of the game, I'm too shook up. I don't even know who wins.
Once it's over, Jesus and Azziz hold one of my hands each and guide me out through the lively crowd. The bus is waiting in the car park. As soon as I'm seated, I go to sleep.
I awake feeling like my insides are being pushed up my throat. The bus leans right over and the passengers pile up on the starboard side.
'What's happening?' I ask.
'Mars, they always push it to the limit around Mars.'
The craft suddenly spins out, sending stuff flying everywhere.
'Yes, they lost it!' exclaims Azziz.
Suddenly a red light starts flashing and the loudspeaker shouts something indecipherable, but urgent.
Zimp! Zimp! Zimp! 
The passengers start disappearing.
'Grab my hand,' shouts Azziz, as the craft starts disintegrating. 
Zimp! 
We tumble onto my grassy front lawn in a tangle of legs and arms.
'That was close,' exclaims Azziz. 'They always give it the welly around Mars. It's got small moons so the chance of hitting one if you spin out is infinitesimal. The one we hit was Deimos!'




19.
The football match leaves me a little shaken. First the ghosts, the szabo that I couldn't see, then the horrible pulsating lump of slime that landed on my lap, followed shortly afterwards by spinning out into Deimos. I’d imagined that hanging out with God's sons would be a tranquil, uplifting experience.
Not! 
Interesting, yes; exciting, yes; scary, very. 
Will I do it again? No, not for a while anyway.
All I want now is a long, hot soak in the bath, so I light the wood burning stove to heat the water up and go for a swim in the sea, clothes and all, to get rid of the worst of two weeks' worth of muck and filth, not to mention slime. After an afternoon spent snoozing on the sofa, the water is finally hot and as the last rays of sunshine paint golden squares on the wall, I descend into the luxurious, bubbly warmth of my bath.
I take it easy for a few days, spending time around the house, reading Jacqueline Wilson again and pretending that I'm a normal eleven year old girl, living a normal suburban life. I'm quite happy with Negrita and Enzo's company and politely decline the invitation to Azziz and Jesus's house-warming. By the sound of the snatches of music that the wind carries across the bay, it's quite a night.

From the comfort of my sofa, I call up Castor in my thoughts and ask him if he could help me with Unilangue.
'Too tricky,' he replies. 'Let's play backgammon instead.'
So, we play backgammon for a couple of hours. I'm sure he's letting me win, but don't want to ask just in case he isn't.
'Now can we talk Unilangue?' I ask.
'You want to learn it?'
'Yes.'
'Well,’ he says, ‘you’ve been using it for the past two hours. Did you ever say, 'I move my piece from row twelve to row sixteen?' No, you sent me an image file, then I moved my piece and sent it back and so on. You can do it. You’ve just been trying too hard.'
'If I can do it, can you send me the recipe for chocolate brownies?' I say, followed seconds later by, 'Oh thanks. Yes, I can do it!'
'Great,' says Castor. 'Now with practice, you can communicate with every living thing, probably even szabo. Well done grasshopper.'

I awake to banging and crashing and find Zeus out on the veranda, working on his table. When he pushes one end down, the other comes up. It refuses to sit flat. He fights with it for a while, then curses, 'Poxy thing!' and with a click of his fingers it's replaced by a solid wooden table with little tiles of fish and birds set into the top.
'Thanks Zeus, it's lovely,' I say, then after thinking for a moment, ask. 'Can you click your fingers and get me some more Jacqueline Wilson books?'
'No, you have to order then on the Internet.'
'I will, but how do they get here? Your boys delivered the last package.'
'It's a bit hit and miss, but if you address anything to an asteroid, Mars or any other place outside of Earth, it ends up in a little room at the end of the main sorting office in London, right next to the room with Father Christmas written on the door. They hold things for six months, if they’re not claimed they go to charity. With the explosion of Internet shopping, coupled with the fad for teroid clothes, it’s absolute chaos in there these days. You should see the freaks waiting outside the door! We're going to start up a proper delivery service but in the meanwhile if anyone is down on Earth, they stop by the sorting office and pick up any parcels with postcodes for their part of the Galaxy.'
 Looking out to sea, Zeus adds, 'I came here to see if you wanted fish for breakfast, fresh fish.'
'Sounds great.'
'Let's go fishing then.'
Using mussels and limpets for bait, we fish off the rocks using hand lines. The fish are biting and after throwing a dozen mackerel back, we catch a snapper each. Barbecued up until the skin is crackly but the flesh still sweet and moist, they're delicious.
I offer Zeus an espresso.
'No thanks, tea please. Do you like having my boys around?'
'They're lovely. But I'm giving them a wide berth. A simple invite to a soccer match turned into a two week misadventure which nearly ended up with me splattered over one of Mars's moons!'
'It's never dull when they're around. I was a little wayward too when I was a youth,’ he says with a smile which quickly turns upside-down as he adds, 'But not as slack as them. Words scare them. Words like responsibility, the spineless gits!'

'The slimeballs from Pluto,' I say, thinking it’s a good moment to change the subject. 'Will they ever stop? They scare me, I have nightmares about them.'
'Short of launching an invasion against Pluto, there’s not much we can do about them. But an invasion would be against the code we live by.'
'But they're throwing slimeballs at us; horrible, nasty slimeballs that want to eat me up!'
'The Titans just want to provoke a reaction, but we won't play their game. The best thing for you is to get in a fighter and go and blast a few.'
'Thank you, but not just yet.'

We go for a walk up to our favourite spot on top of the bluff and throw bits of banana for the seagulls. The waves are bigger than usual and crash into the base of the cliff sending spray high in to the air. 
'If I'm going to be your apprentice, I have to learn what to do,' I say.
'Do nothing.'
'Nothing?'
'Yes, nothing. Like I've said before, people have to shape their own destiny. We're not here to mollycoddle them. It’s best we don't mess in teroid affairs. I once saved a little boy from being run down by a milk truck, an Austrian called Adolf. I felt like a saint. I don't mess anymore.'
'But you do mess. You sent The Book of Light to Petra.'
'I did. Do you think I did the right thing?'
'Yes.' I'm quiet for a moment, then ask. 'So what do we do with Earth?'
'Nothing, we just keep an eye on it.'
'Can I have one of those telescopey things then?' I ask.
'The Worm, there’s only one. Just snap your fingers.'
Click! 
Nothing happens.
'Think what you want and where you would like it, then click your fingers.'
Click!
'You are not doing it right. Relax, think-'
'How do you know I'm not doing it right?' I butt in. 'You don't know where I thought. Let's go see!'
I run all the way back to my cottage. Zeus arrives gasping for breath five minutes later to see the Worm on the front lawn and me on the sofa. I close my eyes and let my mind travel to Earth.

Whaa, whaa, whaa, whaa.
Dad is holding a little baby, holding it tight to his chest and rubbing its back with his big hands.
'It's alright little one. Don't cry, it's alright,' he murmurs in that funny voice that people use for puppies and two week old babies.
Blurp! 
White vomit runs down his back.
He smiles, 'It's alright baby.'
How cute, he must have done the same with me once.
Dad looks up at the ceiling as if reading my thoughts.

Annie's in class, the teacher's droning on about the House of Tudor. Annie looks bored and sad. She looks grey; in fact the whole classroom looks grey. I feel sad.
I feel a tap on the shoulder and open my eyes to see a steaming hot mug of hot chocolate and a small plate of ginger nuts on the table in front of me. 
'You look like you could do with it,' says Zeus. 'It must be hard when you can’t be with the ones you love.'

'I wonder how Petra is?' I say, as I plonk down my empty mug.
'Let's see,' says Zeus, closing his eyes.
We zoom in on the little island of Mulo. I find myself standing in the middle of the walled garden. The steel shutters on the gun ports are open, giving a glimpse of the sparkling sea and letting a cool breeze into the garden. It's the most beautiful garden I've ever seen. The air is fragrant with the scent of jasmine and summer herbs. And there's a noise that brings back memories of Spain: cicadas, chirping in the Mediterranean heat.
I find Petra in her special spot, sitting on her swing under the gnarled olive tree, hidden from sight from the house by a thicket of bamboo.
Two-wit two-woo.
I look up to see Theo the owl sitting on the branch above Petra. He glows almost golden, in sharp contrast to Petra who looks sad and grey. He looks straight at me with his big round eyes and gives me a wink. 
A couple of seconds later…
Zimp! 
Petra and Theo vanish.
'She's off on an adventure,' says Zeus. 'Big things lie ahead for her, but she knows nothing of the world, just this little rock, Mulo. If she's to survive, she needs to become worldly, and more importantly for her at the moment, she needs friends.'

'When we saw her and her dad rescue Brian, they were in a lovely little sailboat; wouldn't it be nice to have one.' I say, looking out to sea. 'We could cross the ocean.'
Zeus goes to click his fingers.
'No,' I say. 'We'll build it ourselves.'
‘But, I'm an anode. You saw the table that I made.'
'And I'm an eleven year old girl. You just saw what I'd be doing if I was back in England. I'd be bored and grey and learning about the Tudors. Let's build a boat, then go exploring the ocean.'
'But it'll sink!'
'So the worst that can happen is that we will end up swimming. Will you help me?'
'Okay.'

Pollux already has a selection of boat plans up on his screen when we arrive at his moon. Enlarging one of the pictures, he says, 'This is the standard Light House Service cutter that Petra sails in: twenty-two feet overall, pitch pine planking on oak frames. It's a very strong and seaworthy boat but not one that I would recommend for your first build. It takes years of experience to be able to shape the frames and fit the planks. And it weights almost a ton so you would need a crane or a slipway to launch it. Let's look at some other possibilities.' 
His screen fills with images.
There's such an array of little boats that I don't know where to start. ‘Pollux,’ I ask. 'What do you suggest?' 
Pollux looks thoughtful for a moment, furrows etching across his forehead, then says, 'What about a Mirror dinghy?’ and flashes up an image of a dark green, square fronted dinghy with two red sails. ‘It was the winner of a competition run by The Mirror newspaper in 1962. It's robust, versatile and fairly light; is easy to maintain and repair, can be built with simple materials by someone with little or no experience and can be easily sailed by two teenagers.'
'That's us,' I say.
'Here's some plans for you,' says Pollux.
Drawings appear in my head.
'Thanks, could you print them out for me?'
'No, I don't have a printer. Just use the plans I've given you. Would you like me to order the sails, ropes and blocks?'
'No, thanks. We’ll make them all ourselves, it'll be more fun.'
'I'll arrange with the zinodes to find plywood, copper wire, fibreglass and the other bits and pieces you need.'
'Thanks Pollux,' I say, giving him two big kisses, one on each cheek.




20.
I was a little worried about being God's apprentice. It sounded such a big, important job that I thought I should be grown up and serious. Zeus telling me to do nothing has taken a weight off my mind and I relax into the summer and enjoy being eleven.
I use the wormy telescopey thing sometimes. When I look at home, or Annie, I feel sad and cry, so when I do use it, which I don't often, I visit Petra. I like visiting Mulo, it's remote and beautiful, just like my asteroid. I watch Petra and her mum and dad, Jasmine and Mario, going about their daily chores; fishing, cooking and gardening, maintaining the lighthouse, taking weather readings and looking after the twins. It's such a different life they live, right on the fringe of society.
Although Petra is sometimes sad and grey, she normally glows golden with life and happiness. Once or twice I get close to Petra and listen to her thoughts. Apart from shooting at the seagulls and throwing a knife at Mario, she's all sweetness and honey. I don't like peeking though, I feel like I'm invading her space, and what's more she seems to know I'm there and keeps looking around trying to spot me.
Sometimes I just sit and enjoy the garden, and listen to the cicadas. If Theo the owl is around, he comes and two-wit two-woos and winks at me.

'Cicadas,' I say to Zeus as we lay out the sheets of thin plywood ready to start work on our boat. 'There's no cicadas.'
'Yes there is,' he says.
'They are being very quiet.'
'Cicadas are very quiet.'
'No they're not,' I say. 'They are cheerful, jolly things that sing all day, and keep the beat by clicking their wings.'
'The reason cicadas are so happy is that they have just emerged into the light after spending seven very dark, very damp and very boring years underground. Camillo's cicadas are just four years old. They have three years of winter to go.'
'Dolphins, gannets and squirrels?' I ask.
'No, if you plant a few more lettuces and talk nicely to Castor and Pollux, I'm sure they can be arranged. Red squirrels not grey.'
I find that I can mark out the plywood using the plans in my head, but it's just as well we have plenty of plywood as neither of us has used a saw before and we have a few false starts. Once we've cut the plywood, we drill holes along the edges and sew the pieces together using copper wire, then stick fibreglass along the seams to hold it all together and make it watertight. Tape and tack, stick and glue, before long we have a boat, a boat that will float, but is far from finished.
Zeus arrives once a week for breakfast, then we pull back the old tarp that protects the boat from the rain and sun, and work until lunchtime, joking and chatting. He's good company when he's relaxed and every bit as charming as his sons.

Sometimes I don't see Azziz and Jesus for weeks, other times they're around for espressos every morning, catching fish with me and helping in the garden. Lettuces are worth more than their weight in gold so they help me to extend the garden to make space for more. We build a little greenhouse in a sheltered corner so I can grow lettuces in the cool winter months when they have much more buying power with the slugs.
Sometimes I walk along the beach and hang out at their place.
I cheekily ask Jesus to teach me to walk on water.
'Mind over matter,' he says laughing. 'Are you ready for lesson one?'
'Oh yes!' I say.
'Grab a board then,' he says, and we paddle out into the waves.
At first I can't even lie on it without falling off, but by the end of the summer I can stand up and hang ten.
'It's better than walking on water,' jokes Jesus.
The sentry slugs can adjust the pertubator that makes the waves, which explains why there have been so many big wave days since Jesus and Azziz arrived. That's where all my lettuces have been going!

Azziz is up to something. When he isn't hanging out with his girlfriends, who seem to change weekly, he goes for long walks through the forest and cane fields and is often up with the sentry slugs researching on the Internet.
One morning he arrives at my cottage with freshly baked Afghans, cornflake biscuits with thick chocolate icing and a walnut on the top. Yum!
'My favourite,' I say. 'Thanks!'
I drink two cups of hot chocolate and munch my way through most of the Afghans. Azziz downs three espressos and smokes one of his rollie cigarettes; his eyes rolling back at every puff, then broaches the subject of the sugar cane. 'Em, my dear, can I make something out of the sugar cane? Not sugar, something else. It's one hundred and ten per cent sustainable and leaves no carbon footprint. All I need to do is to build a small processing shed tucked away out of sight. It'll blend in nicely and there won't be any noise, smoke or nasty smells.'
'Of course you can.'
'And can I build a little beach, ba, ur...ar, cafe under the palm trees with a view out over the surf break? It'll be real cool and rustic like, built out of driftwood from the beach and palm fronds with comfy sofas and bean bags that swallow you up.'
'Will you need your coffee machine back?'
'No, I've...um…arr...I’ll order a big Italian one. Thanks,' he says, and gives me a big kiss.
I feel my cheeks go all warm and pink as I blush. How embarrassing, I hope he doesn’t notice.

Enzo goes everywhere with me. Normally he's in his antimatter cage, tucked away in my pocket. If Negrita is around, he plays with her but is shy and vanishes from sight if we have company. At night he snuggles up with Negrita once she's back from hunting. 
'Poor thing,' I say to him. 'You must have been so lonely and scared when you were out in space.'
I love the little diary that Zula gave me in Timbuktu. Like Enzo, I always carry it on me. That way, it's there if I see something the needs sketching, and I'll have it with me if I get abducted by aliens or fall through one of those worm holes into another dimension. It's all but full now and I often look back over the sketches of camels and sand dunes, and read the little notes I made about poo picking, sand surfing and all the funny things that happened along the way. It seems such a long time ago now, and so far, far away.



 
21.
The season is changing, the days are shorter, the nights longer and the temperature is a little cooler. In the mornings I'm reluctant to climb out of bed and when I do, I shiver my way around the house in my XXXL woolly jumper while I wait for the wood burner to heat up. I ask Zeus for a rock to save me lighting the fire, but he says that using the wood-burner is character building and will make me appreciate things more. I certainly do appreciate the happy singing of the kettle when it finally reaches the boil, twenty-five minutes after lighting the fire and being able to have a piping hot bath about a day later. 
I decide to keep the fire lit all the time. It means splitting a bit more firewood, but it keeps the house warm and the water hot, and the kettle is always ready to make a cup of tea.
The weather has changed too. The clouds have become grumpy and spend their time chasing each other around the asteroid, grumbling and hanging low around the hills making rain. The wind has turned to blow off the sea, sending big waves washing up the beach, filling the air with noise and fogging up my windows with salt spray.
I work around the house and garden. I've munched my way through the sweet corn and beans and my lettuce patch looks like the slugs have been at it. The soccer playing zinodes help me put in a chicken run. Now I awake to the crowing of my rooster and have the gentle clucking of the hens for company when I work in the garden. In the mornings I fry up fresh eggs for breakfast. The zinodes help me collect firewood, cutting up the big logs of driftwood that wash up on the beach in stormy weather, and sending them back to my wood store with a click of their fingers.

Zeus drops by looking gloomy.
He grumbles and groans like the angry clouds.
'Cup of tea?'
Grumble.
I make him one anyway.
'Breakfast?' I ask. 'Bacon and eggs.'
'Are they fresh?'
'Straight from the chicken.'
'Two, sunny side up please.'
After we've had brekkie, we talk asteroids.

'The clouds,' I say, ‘there's three of them, isn't there?'
'Well spotted!' says Zeus, as his own personal cloud starts to lift. 'Small asteroids are simply not large enough to make weather. There's not enough climatic difference or Coriolis effect; the things that make weather happen on larger planets. So rather than have the weather make the clouds, we have the clouds make the weather. Clouds are funny things though, hard to work with. For the most part they're a disagreeable bunch and are always arguing. What are your clouds like?'
'Contrary, apart from on grey days.'
'It makes for interesting weather.'

I love the winter, especially the stormy days when the drumming of the rain and hail on the windows all but drowns out the roar of the surf. On sunny days I lizard in the silky warmth of the winter sunshine, lazing on my old sofa.
Jesus comes along the beach one morning with an invite to his birthday party.
'I'd love to come,' I say. 'Which day is it?'
'Think!' he says giving me a poke.
'Oh, of course, Christmas Day!' I say, laughing. 'Do we have to dress tidy and go to church first?'
'Of course not. Can I borrow one of your sheep?'
'Go ahead.'
'We're going to get a Christmas tree this afternoon. Would you like to come along?'
'Oh, yes,' I say. 'I love Christmas.'

We run all the way back along the beach, splashing along just on the edge of the waves as they swoosh up the beach then suck back. I turn a shade of blue and it takes half an hour thawing in front of a crackling driftwood fire before I stop shivering. Azziz arrives with mugs of toddy, steaming hot and full of cloves and lemon juice. 
'For your good health, this'll warm your cockles,' he says raising his glass. 'Salute!'
Clink, clank, clunk.
We bump our mugs together and take a big slurp.
'Whooooa!' I say as it goes down, bringing tears to my eyes. I think it's best not to ask what's in it, but it certainly warms my cockles!
My blueness disappears and I go all light headed and giggly. 
When the fire has burnt down, we barbecue sausages on the embers, then roast marshmallows, which sizzle on my tongue as I pop them in, still flaming.

I'd imagined that we'd get a fur tree. Instead, Jesus heads for the citrus grove and selects a sweet smelling orange tree about two metres high.
'You can't cut that down,' I say.
'We won't,' replies Jesus. 'Let's dig it up!'
He clicks his fingers and hands me a spade.
It's hard work digging, as Jesus wants to take most of the asteroid along with the tree. When we sit down half an hour later to compare blisters, I ask, 'Why do all this hard work, when you could do all this with a click of your fingers?'
Jesus looks thoughtful for a minute, then says, 'Do you want to turn into a slug. They used to have arms and legs but were so lazy they lost them.'
Some mini photon torpedoes explode around our feet, sending dirt and sparks flying and starting a fire. 
'I heard that!' booms Pollux's voice. 'Be careful or you will end up with a slimeball on your tail!'
'So sorry, Pollux,' laughs Jesus. 'You know I didn't mean it badly.'
We stomp out the flames and finish our digging then walk back to the seashore where we dig another hole. 
When we've finished, Jesus says, 'Would you like to do the honours?'
'Love to,' I say and click my fingers.
Bing! 
The orange tree appears, sitting upright in our hole. 
We fill dirt around his roots and carry buckets of water from the Orinoco River to help him settle into his new home.
Standing back to admire our handy work, I say, 'With all those oranges and blossoms, we hardly need to decorate him.'
'Hardly, but let's put these in his branches,' he says, producing a box of lights and stars.
Like all electrical things, the lights have no wires. We carefully attach the white led bulbs to the leaves and hang the crystal stars from the branches.
'Done,' says Jesus. 'We'll see you mid-afternoon on Christmas Day.'
'Excuse me for asking, but I don't know what to get you for a present?'
'Don't bother. Possessions are such a hassle; we try not to have any. Just the bare essentials that we need for survival; surfboards, the beat box, a coffee machine and a soccer ball!'

I think that I should do something, so that evening I carefully tear a page out of my diary and make a birthday card for Jesus. I ask Castor how old Jesus is, but when the answer is 3,876 Earth years, I decide to leave the number off and write Happy Birthday, love Emily and draw stars and butterflies to make it pretty. I wish I had some coloured pencils to finish off but have drawn my carefullest and figure it's good just as it is.
Christmas morning starts off windy and stormy. Hearing the rain on my window I turn over and go back to sleep. Negrita, who moved indoors when the weather got chilly, snarls and hisses at me; a soft, yet prickly ball of black fluff, curled up at my feet on a sea of cream duvet.
When I wake up again, pale winter sunshine is glancing in my window, lighting up little bits of dust, making them sparkle.
Hisssss, spits Negrita as I move.
'Merry Christmas, grumpy guts,' I say. 'Let's see what we can catch you for breakfast.'
I wrap my shawl around my shoulders and head down to the rocks with my fishing line. Ten minutes later, Negrita is crunching on a wriggling mackerel while I fry up a juicy little snapper for breakfast.

I fight a strong urge to see my family on the Worm. It would be lovely to see them, especially the young ones opening their presents, but I know it will end in tears. I send them lots of love and kisses then walk up to my favourite spot on top of the bluff and sit dangling my legs over the cliff edge, feeling happy to be alive.

A cake, a birthday cake! As I get back to the cottage, I suddenly remember. I throw a couple more chunks of firewood on the burner, to heat up the oven and start mixing; sugar, fresh eggs I collect from the chicken house, flour, baking powder, milk, chocolate and a pinch of salt. An hour later I'm spreading thick chocolate icing on top, trying to make a wave, but it doesn't quite work so I write Happy Birthday Jesus in red and green icing instead.
After a lot of umming and arring, I pull on my Emma Peel catsuit and sew fluffy white bits around the cuffs and ankles to make it Christmassy. I carefully place the cake in a box and head off along the beach following a trail of little footprints as Negrita runs ahead chasing Enzo.
As I reach the far end of the beach I'm not sure which of my senses is teased first. Is it the soft twinkling of the lights on the orange tree, the mouth-watering smell of roasting lamb or the smooth notes of the band?
Azziz's cafe is finished. It's just as he'd described it, but much better. Set into the dune at the top of the beach, it's built out of weathered driftwood from the beach. A few windows have been added and part of it is roofed to make a cosy room to hang out in on rainy days. The bar, tables and benches are cunningly made out of curved pieces of driftwood, sawn here and there to give flat surfaces. The bar stools are simply logs sawn off and stuck in the sand. If you feel like a bit more comfort, you can chose between sitting on the comfy old sofas or being engulfed by the bean bags. 
The days having grown short, daylight is already fading. Candles burning on the tables and bar cast a warm light over the silver wood. Jesus's Christmas tree is beautiful. The little white lights gently twinkle, each with its own hue of white, lighting up the oranges but leaving the leaves dark. The stars don't just glow, but emit a gentle stream of golden particles that cast a halo around the tree.
The five piece band is made up of zinodes playing sax, electric guitar and violin; a dinner jacket, probably a szabo, on the piano; and an anode singing and playing the double bass. They play a mixture of jazz, funk and blues, and throw in the odd Christmas carol, just to wind up Jesus.
His spikes go all floppy and you can see him cringe when they sing Away in the Manger and Baby Jesus!
Between the songs I can hear the gentle sizzling of the lamb which is being spit roasted on a fire, just upwind of the cafe so as to tempt the taste buds with its mouth-watering aroma.
There are about twenty anodes, all young looking, so probably under four thousand years old, a dozen zinodes wearing red football jerseys, and a few other odds and bods. The girl anodes are a little taller than the men, and slim and lithe, their olive skin glowing with vitality. While the men have four spikes on their heads, the girls have five. A couple of the girls wear flowing dresses and they all have little lights on top of their spikes which change colour and rhythm, keeping time with the band. Like the men their voices are smooth as silk.
Leaving the cake with Azziz, I find Jesus, give him a hug and a kiss, and hand him my card. He's absolutely delighted, gives me a big kiss and says, 'No one has ever given me a card before, thanks.'
I don't know if Jesus has said something to them, or if they’re just friendly, but the anodes, especially the girls, all want to meet me. Lounging on the comfy sofas, sipping hot chocolate, I answer questions about the desert, about Khartoum and about England. As my life seems to be general knowledge, they ask odd little things: What does England smell like? Is it scary to be kidnapped? Do Azulay's eyes sparkle? And, can I do a belly dance?
'I spose I could,' I say shyly.
The band smoothly blends a belly dance rhythm into their tune. I stand on a table, in my catsuit and dance. A couple of the girls join in and the audience cheers us on. After a couple of dances we collapse back onto the sofas puffing. Seeing Azziz lounging on a huge yellow bean bag with a girl on each arm, I ask the girl next to me, 'Azziz has lots of girlfriends, but what about Jesus; does he have one?'
'He does,' she answers. 'Valeria is lovely, and ever so patient with him; two thousand years and still no babies. You know, us anodes cannot have babies until both partners are ready. Jesus is still a boy at heart. I hope for his sake, that he grows up one century soon before she runs out of patience.'
'Will I meet her?'
'You might, but I think she’s giving him some space at the moment.'

At the end of the next song a gong sounds, the musicians put down their instruments, and everyone queues up at the fire as roast lamb is carved straight off the sizzling beast and served up accompanied by potatoes wrapped in foil. Simple but delicious, with a little mint sauce on the side and butter, black pepper and a sprig of parsley on the potatoes, which taste nutty from being cooked in the embers. While the others drink wine, beer and cocktails I stick to sparkling spring water to wash it down.
Once everyone has finished, there's a big cheer as thousands of candles light up spontaneously on the beach. The band strikes up 'Happy Birthday' and everyone sings along.
As soon as the song finishes, Azziz yells, 'Make a wish!' and with an almighty puff, Jesus blows all of the candles out.
Everyone cheers and Azziz proposes a toast, 'Happy Birthday Jesus, may you grow up soon!'
Glasses clink together and Jesus cuts the cake, offering everyone a small slice.
Later in the evening Jesus, who's standing by the Christmas tree, taps a spoon on a glass to get everyone's attention. 
Ting, ting, ting!
'Thank you for coming along today. It's wonderful to see you all and I hope we have many more good times together here on Camillo, the most beautiful of asteroids. Rub your hands together and get those fingers warm. Whoever misses gets to clean up in the morning!'
I wonder what he's on about for a moment, then he plucks an orange off the tree and throws it at me. It's high but I jump and catch it with one hand. The guests all clap and cheer. Jesus slowly picks the oranges, calling someone's name and throwing an orange in their general direction. Anodes and zinodes jump and dive to catch them. There're cheers for the most spectacular catches and misses are greeted by hoots and jeers.
Last to be called is Leroy the szabo pianist. Jesus throws two oranges that seem impossibly far apart but the dinner jacket reaches out its arms and catches both at once. Once the cheer has died down, Jesus picks the last orange from the tree and starts to peel it. 'Good luck,' he says.
Good luck? I think as I peel the soft skin off mine. Good luck for what? I wonder as I bite into the bitter-sweet juiciness of the orange. 
Clunk! 
My tooth hits a pip, a very solid pip. I spit it out into the sand.
'Yes, you got one!' says the girl sitting next to me.
I look down at the pip I've just spat out. It glints like a star; it's a sparkling diamond. Before I've finished my orange, I find another.
'You lucky thing,' says the girl. 'They'll make a great pair of studs.'

I awake with a shiver in the morning. I'm curled up where I was seated, with Negrita snuggled up beside me. Someone has thoughtfully thrown a patchwork blanket over me. Most of the guests have left. The beat box quietly plays laid back jazz to sleeping anodes curled up on the couches, and a couple of lovers intertwined on the beach.
As I walk back along the beach, the sun comes up, splashing red, orange and yellow about with its golden paintbrush. What a Christmas!




22.
Born on the 21st of January, I'm a winter baby. I've been looking forward to my birthday but as it draws nearer I realise that it isn't going to be a happy day, it's going to be a sad one. Mum and Dad and my friend Annie will be thinking of me and they'll be sad, and it's hard to be happy when those that love you, aren't. You get dragged down by the mood.
Knock, knock, knock! 
On the morning of my birthday, I’m awaken by sharp knocking on my front door. Throwing my shawl over my shoulders, I open the door to find Zeus standing there with a flax bag in his hand.
'Happy Birthday!' he says, giving me a big hug. Anodes, being just a little taller than me, are just the right size for a cuddle.
'What's in the bag?' I ask.
'This and this, and this and that,' says Zeus, pulling out streaky bacon, eggs, tomatoes, and some delicious smelling freshly baked bread. 'I'm cooking breakfast this morning!'
Reaching into his bag again, he says, 'And this,' and hands me a small orange parcel tied up with string. 'It's from Castor and Pollux, Azziz and Jesus. My sons are OTA, so Castor asked me to give it to you.'
'What's OTA!'
'Off the asteroid,' replies Zeus with a smile.
I carefully untie the string and open the present. It's a new diary. It has a black cover and blank pages and is small enough to fit in my pocket. Also there's a set of twenty-four coloured pencils, good quality ones in a lovely black leather case with zips, and a sharpener.
'Thanks Castor, thanks Pollux, thanks Jesus and Azziz. It's perfect; it’s just what I wanted.'
'That's our pleasure,' say voices in my head. 'Happy Birthday!'
Zeus throws some chunks of wood into the stove and soon the smell of bacon is wafting out to where I sit on the veranda, adding colour to the sketches that I'd drawn in my old diary.
Once we've finished breakfast, Zeus says, 'It's time to visit your grave, let's have a look.'
With a click of his fingers the Worm materialises and I find myself in Sheffield.
Zeus and me are sitting on a tombstone, looking across at my grave. It's a beautiful, crisp winter's morning and the pale sunlight glints off thousands of ice crystals that cover the ground and trees. Mum, Dad, Danny and Julie are there. I guess that Toby, the baby is with Nanna. Annie arrives on her bicycle, breathing out clouds of steam as she puffs her way up the hill. Once Annie has joined them, Julie puts a bouquet of flowers, big cheerful yellow daisies, on the grave. Mum, Dad and Annie cry, giving each other a hug while the two little ones break icicles off the graves.
'Can you do your williwaw thing?' I ask Zeus.
'You try,' he says.
First there's just a faint rustling of branches and the tinkling of ice crystals, then a mini tornado eddies around the graveyard picking up the frost and leaves and sucking them up into the air.
Then it's gone as quickly as it had arrived. The leaves spiral back to ground leaving the air sparkling with ice crystals which slowly rain down on everyone, coating them with white. Dad and Mum look up at the sky and smile, their halos glowing yellow with happiness. Annie dusts the frost off her shoulders and stays a sad, grey colour.
I'm smiling and crying at the same time when Zeus brings me a hot chocolate.
'Oh, that is strong!' I exclaim.
'There's a wee nudge in there. You looked like you needed it,’ he says. 'Let's work on the boat.'
'Let's,' I say and we spend the rest of the day shaping the pieces of wood that go around the gunnels, screwing and gluing them in place, then sanding the edges smooth and filling the gaps with epoxy and sawdust.
I like working with wood, it's so satisfying to build something.

My body is up to something. It's sprouting. I seem to be growing taller by the day. But I'm not just shooting upwards; I'm blossoming. My nipples, which I'd never had a thought for before, are growing into boobs, and hairs, little dark curly ones, are sprouting in places that rarely see the light of day.
One day shortly after my twelfth birthday I have a shock. My fanny is bleeding. Dark red blood runs down my leg and drips on the floor.
'Aaagh!' I scream in panic. 'What's happening?'
'Zeus, Zeus,' I call in my thoughts. 'I need a doctor.'
'What's wrong?' he answers.
'Well, well I'm bleeding from.., from..., I can't say where. It's a bit embarrassing.'
'I know just the person. I'll see if she's available. Would you like a house call?'
'That'd be great.'
I think it will be best to stay in bed, so I stoke up the fire and curl up under my duvet.
Zeus turns up half an hour later with a rather startled looking lady. She has straight dark hair, tied back under a scarf and wears a long black dress, with white frills around the neck and cuffs, like women wear in the movies from when they used horses and carriages instead of cars.
She looks a little pale and sits down in my comfy chair repeating, 'Jeewilikers, well I'll be, jeewilikers, I'll be-'
'Could I get you a cup of tea?' I ask, getting up.
A little blood trickles down my leg but this woman is obviously in a worse state than me.
'That would be lovely, thank you,' she says.
She seems quite a lady.
'Emily, let me introduce Doctor Florence,' says Zeus.
'I'm not a doctor,' protests the lady, getting some colour back in her face. She turns to me and says. 'Pleased to meet you Emily, I'm Florence Nightingale.'
I bow and shake hands with her, 'Are you the lady who ran around looking after the wounded soldiers?'
'Yes, that was a long time ago. I had a calling from God.'
I give Zeus a look.
He winks at me and puts his finger over his mouth. 'Shishhhh,' he says quietly.
'We studied you at school,' I say. 'You're the lady with the lamp. It's such a surprise to meet you.'
'It was such a surprise when this creature took me by the hand and the world flew around and around, and I arrived here,' she says, nodding her head in Zeus's direction. 'I'm still shaky.'
Turning to Zeus again, she adds, 'What was your name again, Suet?'
'Suez,' says Zeus.
'Suez, like the canal,' says Florence. 'I will remember this time.'
'It's a lovely day,' I say. 'Would you like to sit out on the terrace and I'll bring you your tea there?'
'That would be very nice,' says Florence in her posh accent and Zeus and me help her to her feet.
I smile to myself watching Florence walking out the door, towering a good foot over God's spiky head.
I make a pot of Earl Grey tea and carefully arrange some mugs, a bowl of sugar, a jug of milk and some gingernuts on my tray, hoping it will be good enough for a lady. I get half way to the door, then go back again to pour some boiling water into Florence's cup to warm it up, like I saw on Sherlock Holmes.
Once we've drunk our tea, Florence regains her composure and becomes quite chatty. She wants to know all about me and how a twelve year old girl came to be in heaven. At this point Zeus gives me a gentle elbow in the ribs before I can say, 'Heaven, hell no,' or mention asteroids. I tell her the story of my abduction and crossing the desert up to when I died.
'Oh my darling,' she exclaims. 'You poor thing!'
'It wasn't so bad,' I say. 'A bit of an adventure really.'
Zeus choses this moment to excuse himself saying, 'If you ladies would like to talk shop, I'm off to get some fresh air,' and walks off along the track to the orchard.

'What is the matter with you, my dear?' asks Florence. 'You look perfectly healthy.'
'I don't feel sick or anything, but this morning when I got up I was bleeding from my fanny.'
'Your what, my dear?'
'My girly bits,' I say, using my finger to indicate the general area.
'Oh,' laughs Florence. 'That is fantastic; it means you are becoming a woman. Do you know about the birds and the bees?'
'I do,' I say, 'but please run over it again.'
Florence Nightingale is so Victorian in the way she says things that I have trouble keeping a straight face at times, but I do learn a lot.
'What can I do about the bleeding?' I ask. 'It's going to make a mess.'
'Well,' says Florence, 'Some of the new girls in heaven use t.., ta.., ta...'
'Tampons,' whispers Castor's voice in my head.
'Tampons,' I say, helping her out.
'Yes, tampons. They look like a mouse. Very convenient, I wish I had them in my day. What works almost as well is sea sponges. They are just a bit messy to clean, it can get unhygienic.'
'There's sponges washed up on the beach,' I say. 'Let's go look.'
The first few we find are big round ones. Florence looks at them and says, 'No,' as she shakes her head.
Then we find one that has lots of thin branches.
'Perfect,' she says, picking it up. 'Soak it in some fresh water, then boil it up to sterilise it. There's plenty on the beach so you can just throw them out when they are full of blood. You should stop bleeding after four or five days.'
'Thanks Dr Florence,' I say.
'I'm not a doctor,' she says, pretending to stomp her foot.

'What do slugs have against worms?' I ask.
'They wriggle too much and you never know when one's going to pop up underneath you.' answers Castor, making me laugh.
Moving onto important business, I demand, 'Puberty and sex, I want to know about sex.'
I'm up in Castor's moon on a fact-finding mission.
'Puberty first,' says Castor. 'Take a seat.'
He shows me a short but very funny video about puberty, which explains everything about boys and girls turning into men and women. The bit about hairs growing in funny places has us both in stitches.
'Now sex?' I ask.
A hundred different images pop up on Castor's screen.
'I'm not sure a twelve year old girl should be watching this,' says Castor. 'Teroids are very funny about sex and their bits and pieces.'
'You can talk!' I say. 'You and your yellow bits.'
'Keep our yellow bits out of this. They're different, they're private!'
The craft spins around and Castor blasts a slimeball.
'Oh, that was good,' he says. 'It's been quiet today.'

The pictures on Castor's screen aren't what I'd expected. I didn't know what to expect, but this definitely isn't it. If anything, I'd expected something like ballet, like swans courting in the park. This is more like nude wrestling with lots of flesh, lots of screaming, lots of puffing and panting. The object seems to be to pin your opponent to the ground. The men win most of the time but occasionally the girls are on top.
'Wait a minute,' I say. 'Castor, you have censored this. There are fuzzy bits where the men's willies should be.'
'Do you really want to see them?'
'Yes of course!'
'Aaaagh,' I scream, as the pictures becomes sharp. 'What is that thing? It's huge, oh my God, cover it up again!'
'I warned you,' laughs Castor.

I'm not too sure what to make of it all
Once I'm home I decide to look through the Worm and see what ordinary people do.
I look into suburban homes to see what people do at night. Mostly they sleep. Some snore, some snuggle up with their pillows and others make love. They kiss and touch each other then roll around in a tangle of arms and legs for a while, then they kiss and cuddle some more and go to sleep in each other’s arms.
That looks like something to look forward to. It would be nice to have someone to cuddle up with.




23.
'Get off my bed, you stupid cat,' I shout as I kick Negrita off my bed. 'You are not to snarl at me in that tone of voice. OUT!'
I've become much moodier than I used to be. I used to cruise along without a problem. It took me a little while to get going in the mornings, but after that I was just fine. Things have changed. Now my moods are up, they're down; they're all over the place.
I go to see Castor and watch the video about puberty again.
'Hormones,' it says. 'Hormones are to blame for everything.'
'They certainly are,' I say to Castor. 'If only I could get my hands on them. I'd ring their frigging necks.'

'The penguins,' says Zeus, when we're next working on our boat. 'We must visit the penguins to see how they are doing.'
I smile to myself thinking of the funny fat penguins. 
I put another layer of clothes on, have a hot choccy with Zeus and off we go.
It's a beautiful day on Xizang with the sun glinting off the snow and icebergs. It's so bright that I have to scrunch up my eyes and squint into the brightness. The asteroid seems to be flourishing. The cries of seagulls fill the air, seals laze on the ice flows and in the leads of open water we see misty plumes and hear the pisssssst of whales spouting. The once scrawny polar bears have beefed up and look healthy and alert, their white coats shining.
There's only one thing missing: penguins!
'Oh, no,' says Zeus, 'I hope we have not had our clients eaten. It would be embarrassing. Those polar bears look suspiciously healthy!'
We walk around the asteroid for hours and I'm starting to feel cold and hungry when we come across footprints in the snow, 'Look footprints,' I exclaim. 'Someone else is here. Let's follow the footprints and find them!'
Zeus laughs. I realise my mistake and trying the footprints for size, laugh too. We've been right around.

'They're gone!' says Zeus. 'Sadly, no penguins.'
Just then there's a commotion in the sea nearby and little black and white missiles come rocketing up on to the ice and skid to a halt next to us. A leopard seal bellows at them, splashes his flippers and goes fishing elsewhere.
Zeus smiles, 'I've never seen such healthy looking penguins,’ he says.

Spring arrives early on Camillo, thanks to its Mediterranean climate.
The walled paddock where the sheep live is magic. Lambs have popped out and are frolicking about chasing each other through a carpet of wildflowers under the blossoming almond trees. A gentle breeze stirs the trees, picking off white petals. They rain down on me where I lie, flat on my back amongst the flowers. Negrita chases after the swirling petals, batting them with her sharp claws and pouncing on them. Some days, it’s simply a pleasure to be alive.
With the arrival of spring, I spend long hours in the garden, digging, weeding and planting but always find time to enjoy Camillo, to visit the paddock, to walk up to the top of the bluff and look out to sea, and to walk along the beach to visit Azziz and Jesus.
Jesus, who doesn't feel the cold, spends most of his time out surfing, but if the wind or waves are wrong, I help him in his garden. He's big into sustainability and organics. It takes him a while to explain it all, but if you do things in a natural way, it means that you can keep doing it forever. The veges taste better and are better for you as well. No spraying the land with pesticides, feeding the cows with steroids, cutting down the trees or catching all the fish as they do on Earth; that's a route that can only end in tears.
Once up and running, each asteroid is designed to be self-supporting. To achieve this, things needed to be done in the correct way, the sustainable way.
'Easy in theory, difficult in practice,' says Jesus. 'But I'm trying to do my bit.'
We drag seaweed up from the beach to compost the garden and plant onions between the lettuces.
'I don't know if it will keep the slugs out,' he whispers, 'but it will keep the aphids and caterpillars away.'
We plant wheat to make bread and, with the help of the ever friendly zinodes, put in some grape vines.
'I like to eat grapes and raisins,' says Jesus.
'You must really, really like them,' I say poking him in the ribs. 'There's an awful lot of plants there!'

I love the cafe. It's so hip and the customers are really cool. All the beatniks in the Universe seem to have heard of it and musicians and artists turn up from all corners of the Galaxy and hang out for days. I help out waitressing, and after Azziz shows me how to concoct concoctions, I work behind the bar.
I love mixing the black hole, guaranteed to remove all internal parasites, and don't even baulk at mixing up the slimeball, an evil blue drink that froths, bubbles and glows in the dark.
It's very relaxed and sociable and I spend more time hanging out and chatting with the customers than actually doing anything.
I have trouble with the name of the cafe, Azziz's. 
It slides effortlessly off Azziz's velvet tongue, but I can't say it. The closest I can get is Scissors.

I keep an eye on Earth with the Worm; just an occasional peek to check that my family and friends are okay. I can see what God is on about; to try and watch everything and everyone is an impossible task, and do they really need our help anyway? Forget about divine guidance, it’s best to leave Earth's inhabitants to shape their own destiny!




24.
Me and Zeus finally finish our boat at the end of April. The zinodes fabricate the stainless steel fittings we need and supply the ropes, but I insist that we sew the sails. They look more like a patchwork quilt than sails. Zeus jokes about using them as a new cover for the tatty old sofa on my terrace but I know they’ll work, I saw ships sailing up the River Niger with their patchwork sails. Twelve coats of varnish turn the boat's oars and rail to a rich, glowing reddy-orange and, after much discussion, the hull is painted dark green. We carefully letter Olive on the transom and she's finished!

At the crack of dawn on the 1st of May we push Olive out though the waves and head off across the ocean. Our little boat is a bit wobbly at first but once we balance her by sitting in the right places, she's happy. I steer and Zeus looks after the sails. With the wind coming from the side, she sails beautifully, gurgling along leaving a trail of bubbles in her wake. By the time the sun comes up we've lost sight of land; there's nothing but unbroken horizon all around.
'Just as I planned it,' says Zeus proudly.
A school of flying fish takes off from the bow, some of them gliding a good hundred metres before splashing back into the waves.
'I didn't order those,' says Zeus, looking puzzled.
'I did!'
The wind increases making Olive heel over. She charges along playing in the waves; sending spray kicking up over the bow and back over Zeus and me. A gust heels us over still more letting the water pour into the boat. We ease sheets to bring her upright again and the sails flap and flog while we put a reef in the mainsail, then we sheet back on and charge off again.
With a lot of giggling we shuffle around and swap positions. Zeus steers her down the waves, looking like the ancient mariner with his grey beard blowing in the fresh breeze. I play with the sheet, pulling it in to power up then easing it off in the gusts to stop us from tipping over. It's exhilarating.
'Land Ahoy!' I shout, spotting an island ahead with the faint blue outline of Mt. Ijju behind in the distance. I reach up and touch the silver coins and small glass beads of the necklace Ijju gave me and wonder where she is and how she's doing.
The little Mirror dinghy is surprisingly fast and the land quickly grows out of the sea. By mid-morning we're hauling her up on the pebbly shore of the island. We tie the painter to a tree and go exploring. 
'I hope there's no hostile natives,' I say, then almost jump out of my skin as a black blob shoots by.
'We have a stowaway,' laughs Zeus. 'It's Negrita!'

Negrita is in heaven, the island is full of frogs, cute little green and gold frogs; bite sized like Mini-Mars bars. She pounces on them, gives them a quick roasting with her fiery breath, then gulps them down still wriggling. She chases ahead of us as we walk up through an ancient oak forest to the top of the island. The sunlight lights up the fresh new leaves in delicate shades of green. 
I know there's a lake on the island. I've seen it from the moons, but it's much more beautiful than I'd imagined. The water is a pale milky green colour and reflects the tall trees that grow around its shores. In the middle, a couple of hundred metres from the shore is a little island.
'Let's swim to it,' says Zeus, and dives in.
I race after him through the cool water and arrive first. Frogs jump everywhere when I climb ashore and clamber up though the rocks. At the top fountains a spring, sending the same silky water that flows in the Orinoco River gurgling down the rock, delicious!
'Good,' says Zeus, looking at his handiwork. 'It's satisfying to turn a lump of space rock into a beautiful world.'

Our picnic lunch is calling us. We swim ashore and walk back down the hill to Olive. We munch on chunky sandwiches filled with Parma ham and Parmesan cheese, and eat juicy red peppers whole. I draw pictures and write in my diary while Zeus skims stones and snoozes in the afternoon sun.
We're dragging our little boat back to the water when we remember our stowaway. It's nearly dark before she finally arrives, looking decidedly plump from all the frogs. We push Olive out and sail off into the night.
It's magic being at sea in the dark. Olive tosses and bucks in the little waves, sending sheets of spray flying over the bow. The stars shine brightly overhead and reflect back off the black water, which glows green with phosphorescence as we slice through it, leaving a trail of stars playing in our wake.
Zeus sees them first, glowing green shapes zooming towards us.
'Bandits at two o'clock,' he says as the torpedoes home in on us.
At the last minute they dive under the boat then jump clear of the water on the other side, disappearing into the darkness in a shower of green. 
Splash! 
They land again and swim behind us, magical green shapes in the water.
'Wow,' I say. 'Dolphins!'
'They have friends,' says Zeus as half a dozen more torpedoes speed towards us, leaving zigzag trails in the water. 
They play around Olive, clicking and whistling, keeping us company all the way back to the beach. The surf has come up during the day and I hoot as we surf down a wave, then scream as we broach and capsize in the darkness. The waves push Olive ashore in a tangle of sails and ropes. We bail her out and pull her up the beach.
'Let's tidy up in the morning,' says Zeus and we walk back along the beach to my cottage. Half an hour later we're sat on the old sofa, drinking hot choccy and watching the crescent of Venus rising above the sea.
'We did it!' says Zeus. 'We crossed the ocean in our little boat. What a wonderful day!'
Hissssss! snarls a waterlogged Negrita, blowing out smoke and sparks.




25.
Bomfa, bomfa, bomfa, bomfa, bomfa.
I stick my head under my pillow and try to get to sleep. With the warmer weather, Azziz's cafe has turned from beatnik hangout to beach-bar disco. It pulsates its way through the day then thuds and booms late into the night. I like the snatches of seventies music that float across the bay but can't stand the bomfa, bomfa, bomfa stuff. It keeps me awake.
After a few sleepless nights I say to the snarly one at the end of my bed, 'Negrita, if you can't beat them, you might as well join them!' 
I pull on my black catsuit and wander along the beach in the dark. When I get there, the music is so loud I can't hear myself think.
Azziz's is crowded, but it's a different set to the winter crowd, these guys are rougher, tougher and coarser. They look scary and mean. I've never seen creatures like this before; they seem to be a collection of mutants and misfits. They eye me up and down as if trying to decide which sauce will go well with my entrails.
There's a constant coming and going of space scooters, the boom, boom, boom of their spiced up hyper-drives competing with the bomfa, bomfa of the music. They roar off into the sky in unruly groups and thunder back to the beach sending sand flying up over the bar as they skid to a halt. They light big bonfires on the beach and laugh and fight as they stagger drunkenly about the place.
The bar has a new sign, Azziz's, Rhum de Camillo, The Best Rum this side of Barbados.
What do they make rum out of? I wonder trying to remember.
'Sugar cane,' says Castor's voice in my head.
'Thanks Castor,' I say. 'Sugar cane, dang and blast, the rat, that's what he's been up to!'

I don't like it in the bar.
I can't see Azziz so call out, 'Jesus, I'm scared!'
Zimp! 
Jesus appears beside me and taking me by the hand, leads me out of the bar.
'It's not my cup of tea either,' he yells over the music.
As we walk back along the beach a greeny-blue laser shines up from the bar.
'Look,' I say, 'a laser.'
'That's not a laser,' says Jesus. 'That's a photon beam. It's like a beacon. You’ll be able to see it from the other side of the Milky Way.'
It seems that we're not the only ones to see the beacon. Even before we reach the other end of the beach, slimeballs start to attack, the most I've ever seen. Castor and Pollux light up the sky with their lasers and torpedoes and chunks of glowing slime rain down on us.
When we reach my cottage, I say, 'I'm scared.'
'Would you like me to stay?' says Jesus. 'I can sleep on the sofa.'
'I would like that,' I say and give him a big hug.

Despite the bomfa, bomfa, bomfa, the boom, boom, boom and the crack of exploding slimeballs, I sleep well that night. Jesus says he'll come along every evening to keep me company. That makes me feel much safer.
I don't like the noise; I don't like this new crowd and the boom, boom of their space scooters; and most of all, I don't like slimeballs, but I don't want to stop Azziz doing his thing. I don't want to be little Miss Bossy Boots and say stop! After all, even if it's my asteroid, he's God's son.
Each day the party starts earlier, and each day the music gets louder and the crowd bigger. Every night the slimeball attack is heavier. By the morning of the fifth day the ground is coated with a layer of blue slime with occasional bigger chunks. The beautiful golden beach is blue; the forest is blue, in fact the whole of the asteroid has turned blue. It squidges up between my toes when I walk, yuck!  
'Nitrogen rich, makes good fertilizer,' says the ever-practical Jesus.
It might be nitrogen rich but I decide to stay indoors. The only problem is that I need a relaxing cup of tea and a soak in my bath to de-slime my toes, which have turned blue. To do that I need to chop firewood, so out I go into the blueness.
I like splitting firewood, especially when I'm mad, and before long my wheelbarrow is almost full.
'Look out!' warns Castor and I wheel around to see three scary, tough looking aliens approaching.
'Stop right there!' I shout in my bossy-boots voice.
They stop and laugh. They stagger, they spit and they hit each other. One steps towards me. I swing my axe at him and he steps back out of the way, laughing.
Click! Click! Click! 
They draw out some evil looking blasters and aim them at my head.
 'Sweet little earthling, be a good girl and give us that thing you have in your pocket,' says the tall one with the greasy jacket.
He lowers his gun and fires a shot into the ground kicking up dirt into my face.
I step forward swinging the axe blindly.
Phitchum, phitchum, phitchum, blat, blat, blat! 
I'm covered with goopy bits of alien.
'Wow!' I say, looking at my axe in surprise.

'Sorry about that!' says Castor. 'I couldn't bear it, I had to step in!'
'Thank you, thank you Castor. They were after Enzo.'
'Shhhhh,' says Castor. 'They were romoids. They have x-ray vision. They knew there was something in your pocket, so they wanted it.'

Zimp! 
Zeus arrives, his face flushed with anger. 'Are you alright?' he asks.
'Yup,' I say.
Zimp! 
He's gone again.
Thunder and lightning comes from the beach bar. The music stops and a few hundred scooters start up, bloop, bloop, bloop, then scream off into the sky at full speed, dodging lightning bolts. Castor and Pollux chase then on their way with a few photon torpedoes.

Zeus is back ten minutes later with Azziz and Jesus.
Although Zeus still looks mad, he says, 'We have to do these things in a civilised way. Let's have a glass of lemonade.'
I sit between Jesus and Azziz on the sofa and Zeus brings out my comfy chair and sits opposite us. We drink fresh lemonade in tall glasses, with chunks of ice and a sprig of mint.
Once we're half way down, Zeus asks, 'Emily, what would you like?'
'I would like Azziz's cafe to be just like it was: chilled, relaxed and fun, with just the odd blow out occasionally. No thugs, no scooters, no beacon and NO slimeballs!'
'What about Azziz's distillery, do you want him to shut it down?' asks Zeus.
'Is the rum good, Azziz?' I ask.
'It's rough as guts, but given a few years, it will be the best this side of Barbados.'
'Well,' I say thinking, 'let's give it a few years and see if it is.'
'All agreed then?' says Zeus.
'Yes!' we say.
'Well, let's toast to Azziz's cafe and his rum,' says Zeus. 'Cheers!'
We clink our glasses together and drink the rest of the lemonade in one shot.
Zimp! 
Zeus is gone.

'Emily, I'm sorry,' says Azziz. 'It got out of hand. I couldn't stop it myself. Let me and Jesus tidy up your place.'




26.
Summer has arrived. No cicadas yet, but definitely summer. I sail in Olive, sometimes with Zeus, sometimes with Jesus or Azziz, sometimes just Negrita and me. I go surfing and hangout at the cafe, helping behind the bar. I look after my garden, especially the lettuces. The lettuces seem to just disappear, one day the garden is full of them, the next morning there's none, just a trail of slime around the garden and a few chewed stalks.
'Darn slugs,' I curse, looking up at the moons and stomping my feet in mock anger.

With so much happening here, I haven't been taking much notice of Planet Earth.
I'm weeding between the sunflowers at the front of the veranda when I receive an urgent call from Pollux.
'Come quick!' he says.
I snap my fingers together and arrive in the cockpit of the sentry moon still holding my trowel and a handful of weeds.
'Look,' says Pollux binging up an image of Petra face down on the rocks with a spear sticking out of her back.
'Oh no!' I gasp. 'Is she dead?'
'No, she'll probably live.'
Mario, Petra's dad, carefully picks her up and carries her into the light housekeeper's cottage and lays her on the kitchen table. He opens a big bottle of disinfectant and splashes it liberally around the wound and over the spear. He then gives the spear a shove, pushing it further in so it comes out the front of her left shoulder.
Yuck! 
I come over all squeamish and have to sit down.
Mario unscrews the spearhead and putting his foot on Petra's back gives the spear a sharp jerk, pulling it out. He lets the blood flow for a few seconds then splashes more disinfectant about and pushes some wads of gauze against the wound to stop the bleeding. After holding the gauze in place for a few minutes, he gives Petra a couple of injections, bandages the wound and leaves her in the recovery position.
I try to stand up, but I'm all shaky and have to sit down again.
'Wa, wa, what happened?' I ask Pollux.
The image on the screen quickly rewinds to show Petra fishing off the rocks. She pulls her line in and turns around to break open a mussel for bait. A camouflaged diver comes out of the water behind her, raises his spear gun and fires. She sags as the spear sticks into her back, then turns towards him, a shocked expression on her face. He pulls out a nasty looking knife and steps towards her, knife poised to finish her off.
Suddenly big tentacles wrap themselves around his ankle and pull him down. He fights madly swinging his knife and cutting off tentacles, then stabs the octopus in the head. As the tentacles lose their grip, he pulls his knife out and starts towards Petra again. She screams and tries to run away but trips and falls. With a smile, he raises his knife to finish her off, but his expression changes as a throwing knife sticks in his neck and he's jerked sideways by rifle shots.
'Wow, that was close,' I say. 'That octopus gave its life for her.'
'She did him a favour once, she saved his life,' says Pollux, then looks thoughtful. 'It's funny how a little goodwill repays itself. I see it all the time.'

'Is The Book okay?'
'Yes, Petra has no idea of the power of it.'
'Let's look back over what has happened when she first opened it.'
The screen shows Petra coming out of the cottage. She’s had enough of her little brother and sister crying and stealing her Mum's time; she's mad jealous.
'As you know,' says Pollux, 'The Book changes a mood to a passion.'
Removing her box of special things from its hiding place in the twisted roots of the old olive tree, Petra takes out The Book. As she opens it, her expression changes, her mouth becomes thin and she looks determined and focused. Taking an old rusty hand grenade out of her box she walks towards the house. Molly the cagoon and Spot the Suez dog start fighting. Spot gets away from Molly and runs after Petra, grabbing her by the ankle and tripping her up. The hand grenade rolls out of her hand and across the courtyard. The screen zooms in to show the pin on Petra's thumb. She starts to get up but Brain the Lion pounces, covering her up just as the grenade explodes.
'She caught a bit of shrapnel from that one,' says Pollux.
'It's amazing,' I say. 'She's such a sweetheart and yet she was going to kill her little brother and sister.'

'The next time she opens The Book, she's in a good mood and does good,' says Pollux, as his screen shows Petra disappearing from her special spot under the olive tree and reappearing on a little island with a church on it. A ginger cat is stalking along the top of a wall, trying to catch a dove. Every time the cat creeps into a position where it's within striking distance and tenses itself to pounce, the dove flaps a little way further along the wall. But the dove is not the only thing being stalked; seeing the cat, a toddler climbs through the rail of her roof top terrace and totters along the wall after the cat.
'Puss puss, come puss puss, puss puss come,' she says, stretching her arms out to stroke the cat as she toddles towards it. The cat, still perusing the dove keeps just out of her range.
'Puss puss, come puss puss.'
Petra is standing in the shade of a fig tree watching. She calls to the toddler who looks down at her and teeters on the edge, then turns her attention back to the cat. Petra clambers up the tall wall, climbing up the ivy vines and finding handholds for her fingers between the weathered rocks. Petra reaches the top and pussy foots along the wall, grabbing the toddler just as she's about to tumble over the edge.
Petra soothes the child and retraces her steps back along the wall, nimbly climbing onto the terrace of the house. Putting the wayward toddler down on the doorstep, she gives a brisk frap on the door and disappears.

'She’s smart and after this, realises that The Book makes her moods bigger and stronger, so uses it for good, taking her bad moods out elsewhere. Here she is throwing rocks at old bottles.'
'She’s a good shot!'
We run through Petra's adventures over the year since she found The Book, ending up with a shot of Todd the octopus leaving a necklace with a spiral bone pennant on the rocks at Petra's favourite fishing spot.
'She's wearing it now,' I say.
'She doesn't know it, but it's the key that unlocks the full power of The Book.'

'This is Agnes,' says Pollux, showing a photo of a thin-lipped woman with short cropped hair and beady eyes. She's Petra's correspondence teacher. She came to Mulo when Petra reached school age and befriended her. Petra sends her a letter every week with her school work and tells her all her secrets. What Petra and her foster parents don't know is that Agnes is employed by Petra's evil mother Ariella, to spy on her. Luckily Agnes has dismissed Petra's stories about Theo, Brian and The Book, as fantasies; a lot of the lighthouse kids invent friends.'
Pollux pauses for a moment, then says, 'This information is just coming in. We have a lot of information to shift through when we work back from an incident. When Agnes was called in to report to Ariella a week ago and showed her the letters, Ariella realised that Petra had found The Book. She's ordered Agnes to have Petra killed. She impressed upon Agnes how important The Book and the key are and that she mustn't open it under any circumstances when she's got it. Here's Agnes leaving Ariella's castle in Porto Fino.'
The screen shows the middle aged but shapely Agnes stepping out of the studded front door of the castle wearing a conservative purple knee length skirt.
As the gates creak shut behind her the heavily armed guard who has escorted her says to his buddy, 'What a lot of fuss about nothing, about a book! I can't wait to read it!'

I keep a close eye on Petra as the summer wears on. As soon as Petra is back on her feet again, Mario and Jasmina teach her how to defend herself. Oddly they teach her meditation and yoga first, then once she's able to relax, move on to karate and boxing. She's always been a good shot with a rifle, so they teach her how to use a pistol and automatic weapons, hand grenades and explosives. She has to choose her weapons. She wants a gun but Mario says that it's too dangerous and that she'll probably hurt someone with it, herself! So she chooses throwing knives and a folding bow and arrow instead. The knives live in little sheaths sewn into the back of her dress and trousers. Having learnt to throw knives from Jasmina when she was little, she's good with them. The bow and arrow take a bit of getting used to but after a few weeks she can fold it open and get a silent arrow off within a couple of seconds. It lives in a quiver slung across her back and she carries it everywhere, often firing off a couple of arrows at a piece of wood or a tree trunk to perfect her skills.
What fascinates me about Petra is that it all seems perfectly normal to her. It's the only life she knows and she adapts to whatever comes her way. She's living such a different life to me yet so similar.
I try to learn some more karate moves but it's hard not having anyone to practice on. 
Soon after Petra is harpooned, men start arriving on the rock, about a dozen of them in all. They're tough, good-humoured men and seem to know Mario, Jasmina and Petra well.
Pollux says that they're mercenary friends of Mario’s who got to know Petra when they built the fortifications on Mulo, the strong walls that protected the beautiful garden. They set up an amazing array of weapons that were cached on the rock: antimissile batteries and surface to air missiles, anti-aircraft guns and heavy machine guns, mounting them in strategic locations. They keep a sharp lookout; standing watches twenty-four hours a day to guard the rock.

By early September, Petra is a little fighting machine, and it's just as well because Agnes comes to visit. Castor gives me a call and I arrive in the cockpit of his moon to find Zeus already there, his nose glued to the monitor.
Agnes, wearing a brown skirt that comes annoyingly just beyond her knees, is walking around the garden with Petra being shown the vegetables and other plants.
'She's got a gun,' says Zeus. 'She has come to kill Petra.'
'Let's stop her,' I say.
'No,' replies Zeus, 'just watch.'
It's almost more than I can bear, Petra slowly escorting Agnes around the garden, enthusiastically talking about this and that, unaware that in a few minutes she will probably be wearing a bullet in the heart.
When they reach Petra's special spot at the bottom of the garden, hidden from sight behind the bamboo thicket, Agnes pulls out the gun and points it at Petra. 
'Give me the book!' she demands.
Petra's face drops, her mouth agape, as she realises that her trust has been betrayed. She just stands and stares at Agnes, then strength comes back to her and her anger becomes focused.
'No way Jose!' she says.
Agnes raises the pistol aims it at Petra's head, 'I'll find it anyway,' she says, her face lighting up with wickedness.
Woof, woof, woof, barks Spot and bites Agnes's ankle. 
Agnes grimaces in pain and turns to shoot the dog. Petra moves like lightning, throwing a knife into Agnes's neck, causing the shot to go wide. As the gun spins back around towards Petra, a second knife finds its mark. Agnes staggers then raises the gun again.
Swoosh! Splat! 
A mighty swipe of Brian the Lion's paw takes Agnes’s head off.
'Yes!' shouts God, jumping in the air as if his football team has just scored a goal.
'Oooou,' I make a funny sound, shocked by the violence as the head rolls away.

Two weeks later, on the day on the autumn equinox, Zeus and me are back up in Castor's moon, again watching Mulo.
It's been an interesting couple of weeks in Europe. Zeus and me have spent a lot of time up in the moons, playing backgammon and watching events as they unfold. Ariella, who was elected President of Europe earlier in the year, has been stirring up feeling against Croatia for some time, her propaganda reminding the public of the atrocities that Croatia committed during World War 2 and more recently during the breakup of Yugoslavia. She says that the Balkans is a powder keg waiting to explode and it will be best for Europe to intervene before the Croatians commit more atrocities. During the past couple of years, bombs have exploded in European cities and there have been two attempts on Ariella's life. On television reports she gives solid evidence that Croatia is behind the attacks, planned to destabilise Europe. As a final straw she has information that Croatia kidnapped her baby Petra and has been holding her hostage on a small island for ten years, planning for this moment so they could keep her from invading.
Ariella makes a moving speech to the European Parliament. Dressed in black and looking strong and focused, she says, 'Croatia has misjudged Europe. We will not give in to blackmail. It's tough, but I must put duty before family and do what is right for Europe, even if it means that I will lose my only child. Europe will not be pushed around, we are strong, we are united, we will invade Croatia!' her face then crumples and, as the Parliament gives her a standing ovation, she is escorted back to her seat, head in hands.
Mulo is under attack from all sides. The Croatians desperately want to free Petra and hand her back to Europe to avoid war. Ariella and her forces are set on taking Croatia, and if that means quelling a little resistance on Mulo on the way past, so be it.
'Mario's brief,' says Castor, giving a little background information, 'has been to protect Petra. Funds have always been available, so he has the best men and equipment. He doesn't know who his employer is and has never asked any questions. The fact that him and Jasmina regard Petra as their own daughter, just gives him all the more reason to repel any attacks on the rock.'
Mulo has been under attack since dawn. Since Mario's men sunk a Croatian gunboat and bought down a European fighter, it has intensified. Jasmina has taken her twins and Petra to the safety of a secret bunker that can only be reached by swimming down through the well.
The slugs’ high resonance radar can't penetrate the bunker so we watch the action up top. The air is full of smoke, noise and flying rubble as a shell hits the lighthouse, sending the light toppling into the sea with a huge splash.
'Look, it's Petra,' I say, as Petra climbs out of the well and runs through the smoke to her special spot. As Petra grabs her box of special things, a siren sounds and the men abandon their weapons and run towards the well. As they dive in, a missile slams into the island, destroying everything in a sheet of flame
'Oh no!' I gasp.
The breeze blows the smoke away to reveal the smoking ruins of the island. The house, the lighthouse, and the garden are obliterated, and the walls shattered and broken.
'Got her!' says Castor and the screen zooms out from Mulo, pans across to North Africa and zooms in a group of black mountains, then further in to a round crater filled with reddy yellow sand. Then in, in, in to show Petra sprawled in the sand. Brian is beside her, Spot the Suez dog in his jaws and Molly clinging to his back. Blood oozes from cuts in his fur. Theo, the owl is perched on a nearby rock, looking all ruffled; feathers gently floating down around him.

Petra gets up and looks around, then tends to Brian's cuts. There's lots of blood but he looks like he’ll survive. She sits on a rock and thinks about Mulo. She hopes that Mario, Jasmina, the twins and the men are okay.
Zeus sends down some loud, Yes they are, positive thoughts, but Petra doesn't look any happier.
She's really upset and feels betrayed. Now that I'm tuned into these things, I can see what Castor's on about when he complains about people thinking loudly. She pictures what happened in the bunker.
Jasmina says, 'It's time you knew the truth. Mario and me are not your real mum and dad. We were contracted to look after and protect you. We're not sure but from what's been broadcast this week; it appears that Ariella, President of Europe, is your real Mum.'
Petra burst into tears and yells, 'First Agnes, now you and Dad, I can't trust no one no more,' She starts hitting Jasmina then runs from the bunker.
'But we love you,' Jasmina calls after her, as Petra dives into the water to escape from the bunker.
The same conversation goes round and round in her head, replaying itself over and over.
'She's not having a good day,' says Zeus. 'Let's take her mind off it.'

He shoots a bolt of lightning down into the crater.
Crack!
The flash of lighting and crack of thunder overhead makes Petra start.
She jumps up and in a second is in the prone position, an arrow pulled back in her bow, looking around, alert to what is going on.
A faint whistling noise fills the crater and dust devils swirl around the outside, converging on the centre where they form a massive tornado of swirling dust and sand. Petra pulls her head back into her shirt like a tortoise, not sticking it back out until all is silent again.
She looks up in surprise to see a small pyramid in front of her. Two empty plinths stand either side of a stone stairway that leads up to a heavy door, half way up to the apex.
Two-wit, two-woo, calls Theo quietly as he glides down and lands on one of the plinths, striking up a pose with his wings out and freezing like a statue. Brian slides down the slope then clambers stiffly up the steps onto the other plinth and lets out a mighty roar that echoes around the crater. Then he stops, frozen like a statue.
'Oh you silly things,' laughs Petra.
They move a little, then freeze again. Petra laughs again, then carrying her box of special things, slides down the slope and climbs up the steps to the flat bit by the door. She strikes up an Egyptian pose and freezes. Brian and Theo change poses, so Petra follows suit. Molly and Spot look down on them with bemused expressions on their faces.
'This is your home, isn't it?' says Petra. 'This is where you come from; you are magical mythical creatures from the desert. Let's open the door.'
She stands in front of the heavy wooden door, looks at the hieroglyphics and scratches her head.
'Let's knock,' she says. 
Knock, knock, knock.
The door creaks open.
I say, 'I’m getting that feeling of déjà-vu.'
Molly the cagoon is first in, arching her back and rubbing against the heavy door on the way past, Spot hot on her heels.
'It's your home too, isn't it?' Petra says to Spot.
Woof, woof, woof.
Once her eyes get used to the darkness, Petra can see a little plinth just the right size for The Book.
'And your home too,' she says, placing The Book on it.
She goes out the door, skips down the steps, scrambles back up the slippery slope and sits on a rock and looks at the pyramid. She giggles to herself to see Theo and Brian still playing daft statues.
'Now's your chance,' I say to Zeus.
'She's still wearing the key, but yes, now is my chance. It would make life very easy,' then putting on his wise, God's voice, he adds. 'The simplest route is not always the best. Let’s let Petra decide.'
Sitting in the security moon we can clearly read Petra's thoughts, 'Shall I take that book or leave it and walk away.'
Castor puts the Clash, Shall I stay or shall I go now on the moon's stereo.
'Oh can it!' says Zeus. 'This is a deciding moment in the history of Earth.'
If I stay there will be trouble, blares the speaker loudly. If I go there will be double-
The music cuts off.
'I'll miss you guys,' says Petra, appearing to have made up her mind, then goes quiet for a moment.
'I'll miss you guys too much!'
She runs down the sandy slope in giant strides, jumps up the stairs and grabs The Book.
'Maybe I can use it to help my Mum,' says Petra, as she comes out of the pyramid. 'She seems to have a few issues.'

Zeus calls to Theo, 'Take good care of her and make sure she has plenty of adventures. She must grow strong and become streetwise. Keep her away from Ariella until she is ready.'
Theo swivels his head to the heavens and murmurs, two-wit two-woo, and gives us a big owly wink.


 

27.
I'm feeling guilty.
I'm having too much fun, enjoying life too much. It goes completely against my English upbringing.
I walk around the house singing, I garden, I surf, I go sailing in Olive and I catch fish. Sometimes I do nothing. It's fun.
I watch England through the Worm. It's grey. People yell at each other, hit their kids and complain about everything. Although there's plenty of bright spots and fun and laughter on the Worm, the general mood is grey, people's halos are grey.
School's another thing I feel guilty about. The kids go to school. Sitting in class some of them wear halos like rain clouds. It's surprising they don't get wet from their own misery raining down on them.
I go to see Pollux.
'What should I know?' I ask.
Pollux says, 'You had this conversation with Azulay in the desert two years ago. You need to be able to do mathematics; read and write; articulate, like speak clearly to get your thoughts across to others; and be able to socialise; and most important, you need to be able to listen to what others have to say.'
'I can do that,' I say.
'Let's see how you fare,' says Pollux. 'Exam time!'
I soon wish I'd stayed home weeding the garden or cleaning the toilet or some other horrible job. I don't like exams.
When I've finished, I look at Pollux and say, 'Well then?'
'Well then, what?'
'Did I pass?'
'Fail, fail, fail, fail!' he says in a very serious tone.
I feel my face drop.
'Ha, ha, ha,' laughs Pollux. 'I just wanted to see your expression.'
'Oh Pollux!' I exclaim and give him a gentle slap.
'You actually did quite well but there are a few bits you need to work on: spelling, grammar and algebra.'
'Oh, no!' I say. 'Can you send me a memory byte?'
'No, you have to learn it by heart. How would you like to work? Would you like to do correspondence or come to class?'
'Both, I answer. 'Can you teach me by correspondence if I'm doing something boring then I'll come up here for exams or if there’s something I need to work on.'
'Sounds good.'
If I'm God's apprentice that means that I'm going to have God's job at some stage so I should at the very least be able to spell and put my full stops in the right places.
So, I go back to school. It's fun doing it with Castor and Pollux. They go about it in a way that's reverent to daily life. Often I don't even notice that they're teaching me.

I wake up to find the world engulfed in fog. I'm feeling pretty foggy myself, I have a splitting headache, my tummy aches and I'm in a foul mood. The snarl I give Negrita is enough to send her running. She jumps off the bed and vanishes into the fog without so much as a hiss. It's nearly Christmas, but I don't feel very Christmassy. Azziz and Jesus are OTA, I haven't seen nor heard from them for a couple of months.
I open the top of my wood burning stove and give the lever that moves the grate a violent jerk, sending a cloud of ash and soot up into the air, coating me with black and white.
'Fart knockers,' I snarl and kick the stove.
'Dang blast, my toe, my toe,' I curse, hopping about covered in ash.
Knock, knock.
'Go away!'
Knock, knock.
'Go A-Way!'
Knock, knock, knock.
'Who is it?' I snarl.
'Zeus, can I come in?'
'Come on in then.'
Zeus sails in looking like God. He wears a long flowing peacock blue robe and sucks the fog in behind him, filling my living room with cloud.
'What do you want?' I demand, unpleasantly.
Zeus says nothing. He goes across to the stove, puts some wood in and clicks his fingers to get the fire going. He fills the kettle with water and puts it on to boil.
Turning to me, he laughs and says, 'Emily, you look like a sixty year old chimney sweep!'
I snarl at him.
'Would you like a cup of tea?'
'NO!'
Putting on an Irish accent, he says, 'By Jesus woman, get a grip on your hormones.'
Despite myself, I laugh a little and get a grip, 'A cup of tea would be wonderful.'
'Come on, put on your shawl and we'll go and sit outside.'
'But it is foggy,' I protest.
'Exactly!'

We sit on the sofa, looking into the fog and saying nothing. 
Zeus goes inside and comes back with a tray of tea, toast and marmite.
'Oh thanks,' I say.
'If Jesus and Azziz were around they would probably have a herbal remedy, but these will have to do,' says Zeus, handing me a box a pills. 'Paracetamol, take one every four hours. They are the best I can come up with.'
'Where are Azziz and Jesus?'
'I don't know.'
'Will they be back for Jesus's birthday?'
'I don't think so. That’s why I came around; I was thinking we could cook up a lamb for Christmas.'
'Sounds great.'
'Excellent, we’ll get a lamb, dig up some potatoes and parsnips, and see what greens you have in the garden.'
When we've finished breakfast, Zeus asks, 'Do you have a sharp knife in a sheath?'
'Yes, there's one in the kitchen. It's a bit blunt though.'
'Great, I'll sharpen it up,' he says, vanishing into the house.
Scrape, scrape.
Sharpening noises come from inside.
When Zeus returns, I ask, 'Are we going to get a lamb?'
'Exactly. If we go before the fog lifts it will be ten times easier. They get a bit funny when they see a knife, especially at this time of year.'
'You mean, we’re going to kill one.'
'Do you like lamb?' asks Zeus.
'Love it.'
'Let's go then!' he says, taking me by the hand.
'But I don't want to kill one!'
Putting on his Irish accent again, he says, 'Get over it, girl.'

We have a bit of trouble finding the track through the cane fields in the fog, but once we're on it, we're fine. When we reach the dry stone wall and hear the gentle clanging of the sheep, Zeus holds a finger to his month and says, Shhhh.
We pussy foot over the style and creep across the paddock. With the bells it's easy to find the sheep.
'You're nimbler than me,' says Zeus. 'You go first. We want one of this year's lambs.'
The first time I get close, the sheep run away in a klaxony of bells. We stand in the cool, damp fog for a few minutes until the sheep settle down then try again. This time I catch one.
'You hold it, I'll slit its throat,' says Zeus.
Once he's done it and the lamb lies limp at my feet, he says, 'Your turn next time.'
'Yuck,' I say wiping the blood off my hands. 'That was horrible, we killed it.'
'He'll be delicious,' says Zeus.

And he is too. As there's just the two of us, we roast a leg up in the oven with pumpkin, potatoes and young parsnips. Zeus makes the gravy and I cook up the Yorkshire puddings. Once they're in the oven I pick a sprig of mint from where it grows by the drain, chop it up and add a little vinegar and sugar to make the mint sauce.
We put some candles on the table and Zeus opens a bottle of red wine for himself and a ginger beer for me then carves up the lamb and serves Christmas lunch.
'I'd like to propose a toast,' says Zeus, raising his glass in the air. ‘Happy birthday Jesus.’
Clink!

Jesus and Azziz are back on the asteroid for my birthday. We decide to have it a day late, on the 22nd because, with my parents visiting my grave, my birthday is such an emotional day.
This year the 21st January is dark and rainy day in Sheffield, nothing forecast but wind and rain. Low and behold, a shaft of sunlight breaks through the cloud and rain and lights up my parents and Annie when they visit my grave!
On the morning of the 22nd Azziz and Jesus come around really early, drag me out of bed and sit me on the sofa outside, wrapped in my duvet. We sip hot chocolate, eat mud cake and watch the sun rise out of the sea; it's lovely, even if I'm not really awake.
When there's nothing but crumbs left, Azziz says, 'Get yourself ready then, we're off!'
'Off where?' I ask.
'Hiking.'

We walk along the beach, kicking the soccer ball, then leaving the ball at the cafe, we head inland up the Orinoco River. Reaching the meadow, we walk until we can see nothing but grass, then a bit further until a small tree appears in the distance.
We stop and Azziz points to the tree and says, 'Happy birthday from Me, Jesus, Castor, Pollux and Zeus.'
'Oh thank you,' I say, giving Jesus and Azziz a hug and a kiss.
'Why can't Zeus be here?' I ask.
'Because he's not talking to us.'
'But he's in on the tree with you.'
'Yes.'
'So you are talking.'
'No! Come on, let’s go see the tree.' says Azziz, grabbing my hand and running across the meadow.

As we walk the last little bit, I think what an odd present a fully-grown tree is. It must be one of those funny alien customs.
When we reach the tree, the first thing I notice is a rope, tied around the trunk and leading off into the long grass. I follow it and find a golden horse with a white mane. It's dead.
'It's dead!' I say, a little surprised to have been given a dead horse for my birthday. Maybe it's another strange alien custom.
'There's just no pleasing some people!' say Azziz. 'He's not dead, he's just pretending.'
He strokes the horse's muzzle and it lifts its head and shakes its ears.
Na, na, ne-ee-eigh.
It gets sleepily to its feet.
'It's lovely,' I say, then turning to the horse, ask. 'What's your name then?'
'He's called Trigger,' says Jesus.
'Like in the Westerns?'
'Exactly, he's a celebrity horse. Roy Rogers rode him. He can do tricks and stuff. He's smart as.'

We take turns riding Trigger across the meadow.
I gallop until I can see nothing but grass. It's like being in the Wild West. We all jump on and ride back with three up. He doesn't like it much and it takes an awful lot of carrots to keep him moving. By the time we reach the beach Trigger is starting to sag in the middle and drag his feet. We let him go and, with a little whinny of thanks, he gallops off along the beach, splashing through the water.
As we walk along the beach, I say, 'Thanks guys. Me and Trigger are going to have fun together.'
I think he'd like to stay in the paddock with the sheep, but he says, 'No.'
He doesn't want to be stuck in the orchard; he wants to roam free like his ancestors did in the Wild West. Given an hour or two's notice, he'll be ready at my cottage if I need him. It seems a good arrangement so that's just what we do.

It isn't long afterwards that I gain another companion, Scruff. I'm having a Wormoscopic moment; stretched out on my sofa, watching Dannie and Julie playing ball tag. Julie throws the ball at Danny but misses and it bounces across the road. As she runs after the ball, there's a squeal of tyres and the local boy racers come flying around the corner. Julie's across the lawn and about to run onto the road when Danny rugby tackles her, knocking her to the ground.
'Whew, that was close,' I say, feeling my heart miss a beat.
Screeeech! Thud! 
Scruff, the neighbour's dog is hit. He's thrown through the air, and rolls into the gutter; dead.
I click my fingers and are up in Castor's security moon, 'Castor, Scruff just got killed, can we save him?'
'Let me see,' says Castor. 'Here we are.' He rewinds the footage of Scruff getting hit.
'Nasty, nasty,' he says, then going back a bit further. 'That was lucky, it could have been Julie. Good save Danny!'
He runs through the video until the moment when the car just touches Scruff.
'Okay,' he says. 'Now he's here.'
'Where?'
'He could be anywhere on the asteroid. Either you'll find him, or he'll find you.'
'You're playing games'
'Not really,' says Castor. 'It gives both of you time to adjust.'
'Thank you, Castor. Thank you so much,' I say, and give him a big kiss, making him turn pink, again!

Scruff turns up at the cottage a couple of days later. He's delighted to see me and I'm delighted to see him, someone from home, even if he's just the neighbour's dog. I've always liked Scruff. He's about the size of a microwave, but skinny with white curly hair, black socks, one black ear and a big black spot on his back.
Negrita's not so delighted to see Scruff. It isn't long before he gets his whiskers singed!




28.
It's something that quietly sneaks up on me. One day things are normal, the next they aren't. I've got a crush on Azziz. I've always liked him, well most of the time anyway. He's good company and there's something of a dear devil in him. He's hot when he's human and quite tidy as an anode too. We were good friends, but suddenly there's something more, well on my side anyway. I think about him all of the time, like can't get him out of my head. I daydream about him and dream at night about him; it's like he has a hold on me. I can't look him in the eyes anymore and blush and stammer when I'm in his company. If our eyes do meet, I come over all funny and start thinking babies!
I think of asking Zeus if I can see Dr Florence but can the idea. Dr Florence is a bit Victorian and Zeus might flip out, he's funny about his sons. So I watch Earth through the Worm. I watch thirteen year old girls. It's easy to spot the ones who are in love; they act dopey and have purply-pink halos. Some of the girls are in love with boys on tele or rock stars; daft or what, it’s not very practical. Others are in love but never let on. Others have a boyfriend and hold hands and kiss, and some go a bit further.
Sometimes the boys are just as in love as the girls, but not always. Some boys are tarts and hang around with lots of girls but don't care about any of them. Some girls are like that too.
I fancy Azziz, but when I really think about it, and I don't have to think too hard, he's a tart. He flits from girl to girl. He likes them, he has fun with them, he sleeps with them but he doesn't really care about them. I'm a girl whose heart will get stuck on one boy, like I still really, really like Zula. But it doesn't stop me having a crush on Azziz, even if he ain't my type.
There's an age difference too. Azziz is 2324 years old, which gives an age difference of 2311 years. I have trouble getting my head around that. I can't get my head around it because I'm too busy thinking about him, all of the time.
I go and shyly ask Castor.
'Castor,' I say, 'I've got a problem.'
Castor smiles and blushes a little, 'Sorry, I can't help you; there's no cure. With people it either gradually fades away or you get a crush on someone else.'
'How long does it take to fade?'
'It varies from about three months to a lifetime, usually three to six months.'
'Thanks Castor,' I say, giving him a kiss and disappearing.

'Three months of this,' I say to Negrita. 'Oh no!'
It doesn't take three months, it takes longer.

I'm keeping an eye on Annie; she seems to have gone from sad to sadder. She has no friends and never smiles. She's even gone off her food. One rainy day, with Annie crying at my graveside, it all becomes too much; I can't bear it any more. I click my fingers. The biggest, loudest click I can muster.
Zimp! 
Annie arrives in a heap on my front lawn. She picks herself up and looks around with a surprised look on her face. Seeing me she walks over and looks at me.
'Annie,' I say quietly.
'Emily!' she shouts, and gives me a big hug.
'But you are dead! Where are we? What’s going on? Am I dreaming?'
'I'll get us a hot choccy,' I say, and leaving Annie sitting in the sun on the comfy sofa, go inside and make two hot chocolates, putting a slug of whiskey in Annie's. 
She looks like she needs something.
We sit on the sofa and sip our drinks, not saying nothing for a few minutes.
Then Annie asks, 'Is this heaven?'
'There is no heaven. This is an asteroid.'
'How did you get here?'
'Um, um,' I stammer, not knowing where or start. 'God bought me here. I'm his assistant.'
'You mean, you help God?'
'Yes. I don't see him very often though.'
'It's a funny place with all these moons and the stars out even though it's day.'
'I suppose it is. I don't notice any more.'
We sit in silence for a while.
'You looked so sad,' I say.
'I know you watch the grave,' says Annie. 'Funny things happen there. Nice things, like you care.'
'We can see everything.'
'Everything?' ask Annie, looking a little embarrassed.
'Everything!'
Scruff comes running up, tail wagging, delighted to see Annie. He jumps up on her and gives her big slobbery licks.
'Get off, get off!' she says, pushing him away, then seeing that it’s Scruff says, 'Oh Scruff, lovely to see you. Everyone was so sad when you got run over. Get off!'
Once Scruff has calmed down and sits wagging his tail under the table, Annie says, 'I’ve been so sad. The doctor tried to give me happy pills but they just made me feel worse, like bland and boring, with no emotion. I used to be such a happy thing but after those men took you, my smiles went away. I ran away, I abandoned you.'
'You had to run; there was no point of both of us getting taken. Look at this,' I say sweeping my hand around the view. 'Things aren't too bad for me.'
'It's beautiful,' says Annie.
'Anyway you looked so sad; I thought you might like to visit.'
'I'm so happy to see you,' she says, giving me a hug.
'Great, hang out with me for a while.'

Annie hangs out for a while.
We talk, we walk, we swim in the cold water, we hang out in Azziz's cafe, we go exploring until we find Trigger then ride him back, and we do handstands in the rain. Annie starts smiling again and she gets a crush on Azziz.
'All the girls like him,' I say, trying not to let on.
'You like him, I can tell!'
'Well maybe a bit.'
'A little bit?'
'Just a little bit,' I say, going pink.

After about a week, I say to Annie, 'Your parents are getting really worried. The police had a quick look but told your parents that hundreds of thirteen year old girls run away each year. All they did was to put out a missing persons alert out on you.'
'I had better go back,' says Annie. 'What will I tell them?'
'If you say you visited God's assistant, Emily who lives on an asteroid called Camillo, they’ll lock you up and throw away the key. Say you ran away and refuse to talk about it. Be a snotty teenager.'
'I'm good at that!'
'Good. Give us a big hug then, and don't get sad again.'
'Thanks Em, it's been the best week ever!'
We give each other a long hug then Annie walks out onto the lawn for a last look at the view.
I click my fingers.
Snap!

Zeus and me decide to go sailing again on the first of May. This time we make a two day voyage, circumnavigating the Ocean. We have fun. It's chaos in the boat because Scruff comes along. Scruff isn't one to sit still, and try as he might, he can't leave Negrita alone. It's cagoon versus dog, in a ten foot dinghy with the mast, sails, ropes, the centre board and rudder, the fishing line, us and our picnic in it.
We catch lots of fish and find beautiful beaches that no one has ever set foot on before. By the time we get back to my house, four days after setting off, Scruff and Negrita have reached an uneasy truce.




29.
'Come quick!' calls Pollux, one midsummer's day.
I click my fingers.
Snap! 
I'm in the cockpit of his moon.
'Your parents,' says Pollux, looking down on Camillo. 'Where would you like to put their house?'
'What's happened?' I ask, thinking the worst. 'Are they dead?'
'They will be soon. Bin Laden is on his way to drop his nuclear warhead on a phosphate factory a mile to the west of their house; maximum radiation, maximum carnage. He is good at what he does.'
'Where is he now?'
'Just crossing the Dutch coastline. He'll be there in thirty minutes.'
'Zeus, Zeus, Zeus,' I call.
Nothing.
'He's high on ozone,' says Pollux.
'I'll get him,' I say and, holding my nose tightly, click my fingers.
I arrive on Isora, God's bleak asteroid, still holding my nose. I look around. 
He's five metres away, staring at the stars. I go over and shake him with my free hand but get no response. I kick him. He falls over on the ground stirring up a cloud of dust. I click my fingers and arrive back in Pollux's cockpit.
I take a deep breath.
Pollux rolls his eyes to the heavens. 'Ozone,' he says. 'He's been like that for days.'

'What can we do?' I ask.
'What can you do? Think!'
'How do you know the bomb is on that plane, do you have any evidence?' I ask.
'Yes, I can give you photos, records of conversations, live footage.'
'Great. Can you put some photos, recorded conversations and details of that flight into President Obama's inbox?'
'Done.'
I think really hard and call up the President.
One of Pollux's screens shows him sitting at his desk in the Oval Office.
'Hello, President Obama here.'
'Oh, hi President, God here.'
The President looks up.'
'You're not God; he has a rich melodious voice. We talk most days you know.'
'Oh, I'm Emily, God's assistant.'
'Hi Emily, what can I do for you?'
'Bin Laden is going to drop an atom bomb on Sheffield. The details are in your inbox.'
'Thanks, hang on a sec...'
A couple of minutes pass.
'Emily, yes we've found the plane. It's half way across the North Sea. Now in position 52 32 North, 003 17 East, course 283 degrees true. Is that the one?'
'Yes.'
'Is Bin Laden on board?'
'Yes.'
'Fantastic, thanks Emily,' says the President, as he looks up to the heavens and gives a respectful wave.

Five minutes later Pollux's screen shows the Bin's plane being shot down by a hastily scrambled fighter. It explodes in a fireball and bits of wreckage fly in all directions.
'Thanks Pollux,' I say and give him kisses on both cheeks.
Pollux's screen changes to flash up images of the Oval office, the Pentagon and a compound in Pakistan as another drama unfolded. 
'The President's security chiefs don't believe that Bin was on the plane,' says Pollux. 'They say that the evidence was fabricated and that the President's been set up. They know because they’re watching Bin Laden in a compound in Abbotabad, Pakistan. They think they know best but Bin has tricked them,' continues Pollux, zooming in on the compound to show a tall, skinny man with a flowing beard.
'He looks like Bin Laden,' I say. 'Did we get the right man?'
'Absolutely,' says Pollux. 'This Bin’s a double.'
On the screen in the Oval Office, the President orders an immediate attack on the compound.
'He's hedging his bets,' says Pollux.

I go to sleep feeling chuffed to have saved my family and half of Sheffield, so it's a bit surprised to wake up feeling like a killer. Bin Laden is dead because of me. I killed him. There must be others as well.
'How many people did I kill,' I ask Pollux.
'Two hundred and thirteen.'
'Two hundred and thirteen?' I repeat, a little surprised.
'Yes there were four in the plane and two hundred and nine on the oil rig it crashed into.'
'And I killed them all?'
'Yes, and there will be a few others as well.'

Knock, knock.
Zeus opens the door and walks in.
'Morning Emily. Let's have a cup of tea.'
He makes tea and toast and we sit out on the lawn, drinking our tea and looking out to sea.
'You did well Emily, you saved your parents.'
'But I killed all those people, I've shattered a lot of people's lives.'
'Just think how many would have died if the bomb had dropped on Sheffield.'
'Lots, but that doesn't bring back the people I killed.'
'I could put a shot of whiskey in your tea, but it does not help with these things. You just have to get over it. It'll take time. That's why I don't mess with human affairs any more. You might kill one and save a million or save one and kill millions, like happened to me with Hitler. Either way you feel for the lives lost. You just have to get on with your life and know that you did what you thought was best at the time.'

We go fishing off the rocks and have fried snapper for brunch.
'I'm quite looking forward to meeting Bin Laden,' says Zeus.
'Is he coming up here? But he destroyed the World Trade Centre, he killed all those people. He killed me. He is a bad, evil man!'
'Misguided as he may have been, he is passionate, determined and believed he was doing the right thing.'
'But he killed thousands.'
'About three thousand. President Bush killed almost a hundred times that in his war against terrorism. He knew that massive numbers would die, but he did it because that's what he thought the voters wanted. He could have just walked away but he started a war to save his political skin. Who's the bad guy?'
'Both of them!'
'Bin Laden says he did it as part of a holy war. You know how I hate religion. He did it in my name!'
Zeus slurps on his lemonade, 'He probably also did it just to get a shot at the big guy, a shot at the class bully. Something in all of us can identify with that. The funny thing with teroid history is that it changes. In two hundred years, his real reasons will have been forgotten and his attack on the Twin Towers, the most visible symbol of capitalism, will be seen as a first blow in a war to save democracy from a world ruled by the mighty dollar and governed by puppet politicians with faceless corporations pulling the strings.'
'But that’s not true.'
'Not much you read in the history books is.'

'So when do we meet Bin Laden? He was a bit distracted last time we played backgammon.'
'Give him three weeks to settle in then we'll go and visit my interesting people.'

The summer slips silently by without cicadas. It's almost the end of July when Zeus arrives with some delicious smelling patisseries for breakfast. Once I've nibbled my way through a pain au raisin, slowly unwinding it from the end, I ask, 'Where did you get these from? They taste like the real thing, baked this morning and direct from France.'
'Close, they were baked this morning by Gaston Lenôtre, the best dead patissier. He's good but I can't wait until we get Pierre Hermes up here, he’s brilliant! Gaston lives on Juno along with the other interesting teroids. We're going there this morning so I need to bring you up to speed first.'
Remember Dr Florence, she knows me as Suez, as does everyone on Juno. Not God, not Zeus, Suez like the canal. Freud and a small handful of residents who need to know the truth, know that I'm God. For most of the rest, I am Suez the philanthropist alien who has recognised their genius and given them a chance to live longer so they can continue their work. Some, like Florence, who have strong religious beliefs, believe they are in heaven; they’re more content with that. 
Bin Laden is a tricky one because it would be easy and convenient for him to believe that he had arrived in Paradise. But he's here because he's passionate about what he does. When it comes to terrorism, he's the best. The Titans will come back at some stage and when they do we could do with a few Bin Ladens on our side, so I've told him the truth. It’s a huge shift of thinking for someone who has such strong convictions and could destroy him or kill his passion. Luckily we have Freud up here, he's a great help.
'How does everyone live so long?'
'Anti-aging. Teroids age so quickly that it’s possible to reverse the process, so instead of growing old you grow young. The important thing is that they are still growing, so we cannot let them die of old age. If an outstanding person, who I’d like to have in my collection, looks like dying of old age, we encourage him or her along and get them up here before it is too late; an electric shock, poisoning, asphyxiation, heart attack, plane crash, that type of thing.
'They can anti-age to about half of their years then we offer them a change of metabolism, to the same as we have, so they get another five thousand years or so if they desire.'
'How do you anti-age someone?' I ask fascinated.
'That Emily is a trade secret!'



 
30.
When we arrive on Juno the first thing I notice is the serious, business like atmosphere of the asteroid. 
'That's because there's a lot of bossy boots up here,' jokes Zeus. 'The shortest and bossiest of them all is in charge.'
'Hitler?' I guess.
'No, I'm not giving him a third chance. It's Napoleon. Here he comes now.'
The famous general comes riding up on a beautiful black horse, wearing the most ridiculous hat I've ever seen.
'Morning Emperor!' calls Zeus cheerfully, as we jump out of the way of his horse.
Napoleon doesn't even spare us a glance.
'He doesn't talk to aliens,' says Zeus giving me a nudge. 'He does a wonderful job. He's right at home here because Juno is based on his island, Elba. It's very Mediterranean, with beautiful villages and beaches. Transportation is by horse and they have electricity but no electronics. It the best compromise between the Stone Age and the world of today, you have the comforts, without the mental clutter of telephones, television and computers. These leaders and thinkers just thrive on it.
We walk along the cobbled road between fields of corn and wheat, and orange and olive groves. After about half an hour we reach Portoferraio and sit in a cafe with a view out over the busy harbour. Sailing boats manoeuvre in the morning breeze and unload the morning catch on the stone pier, while others load up with olive oil and iron ore. We watch the world go by and have the best pizza ever.

'May I join you?' 
I look around to see a tall serious looking man standing behind me. He's balding and with his grey beard, looks very wise.
'I must be going,' says Zeus and rushes off, leaving his half-finished coffee as if he’s suddenly remembered he has a train to catch.
'Ha, ha, ha. Oh my God!' laughs the man. 'Zeus, I mean Suez, is my most interesting patient. I have yet to get him on my couch. He runs like a scolded cat when he sees me! Psychiatristophobia, we have to overcome that before I can even start to analyse him.
'I'm Sigmund Freud,' he continues, offering his hand. 'They call me The Shrink!'
'Emily Taylor,' I say, shaking his hand firmly. 'Pleased to meet you.'
Freud orders a coffee and joins me.
'Zeus says that you help the new arrivals adjust to life on Juno. How's Bin going?' I ask.
'Good,' he says. 'I shouldn't discuss patients but I know I can trust you. It's a challenge to change his ideology while still retaining his brilliance as a terrorist. To be a model citizen living on Juno for the next five hundred years then click back to being a terrorist, on our side fighting the bad guys. Napoleon won't take any rubbish from him; he'll find that out soon enough.'
'Surely if he grows to like it here, to think of it as home, he will fight to save it if it's threatened.'
'Brilliant, thanks Emily, I'll take that approach,' he says, sizing me up with gentle grey eyes.
He gives me his total attention like he can not only read my thoughts but understand why I'm thinking them as well.
'Shall we go and meet him?' continues Freud in his kind voice. 'He's living just on the edge of town.'
'Let's, I want to beat him at backgammon.'
'He's not a man that likes to lose,' says Freud.
'Well, he'd better get used to it!' I say smiling.

'Emily!' says Bin, bending down to give me a kiss on both cheeks. 'How lovely to see you again.'
His bushy black and silver beard tickles.
Once we've sat down, he says, 'Emily, I have a bone to pick with you.'
'A bone?'
'Yes a bone. You killed me just when I was about to succeed in my biggest attack ever!'
'Well, you killed me!'
'So its tit for tat is it? Revenge!'
'No, you were going to kill my family!'
'Oops!'
'Let's have the game of backgammon we never finished last time. Best of three, winner plays Freud.'

I don't go down without a fight but half an hour later it's Bin who's playing Freud. Over the past few weeks they have become good friends and chat away amicably during the game. Bin wins but I have the feeling Freud let him. It's decided we will have fish for dinner at Freud's house; we just have to catch it first.
Freud's boat is lovely; a Mediterranean style fishing boat, about six metres long with a lateen rig. We row clear of the dock then set the large triangular sail and tack our way back and forth through the moored boats. Once clear of the breakwater we bear off to a beam reach and head across the bay, heeled right over with the waves splashing over the rail.
Anchoring over a rocky reef, we fish up golden snapper using silver lures, which we jiggle up and down just above the bottom.
Bin seems to be really enjoying himself, 'All those years hiding in dark, dingy caves in Afghanistan I used to dream of doing something like this, having a simple life, catching a few fish and growing a few vegetables. No politics, no killing and no fighting!'
'You are welcome to use my boat anytime you want to go fishing or exploring,' says Freud. 'Just send the odd fish my way.'
'Deal!' says Bin. 'They tell me that this is just an asteroid, but it seems like Paradise to me!'

Another guest comes for dinner at Freud's house. Freud calls him The Professor, but he introduces himself as Albert. He looks vaguely familiar with his wild frizzy hair and bushy moustache. We had a picture of him poking his tongue out on our classroom wall. I cook the fish, baking it in foil with sliced peppers, lemons and herbs, and serve it up with yummy new potatoes from Freud's garden.
With me, a psychiatrist, an astrophysicist and a terrorist, sitting around the same table, the dinner time conversation gets pushed and pulled in odd directions with Bin Laden seeing potential for global destruction in the theory of relativity and Freud spotting hidden meanings behind every word. 
After dinner Freud and Bin Laden go out on the terrace for a smoke, leaving me and Einstein sitting at the table, sipping on mint tea.
Einstein seems a little uneasy, as if not quite sure what to say to a thirteen year old girl. Eventually he clears his throat and says, 'It fascinates me how they make these asteroids work, white rings and black holes, absolutely incredible. I would love to see a black hole.'
'Can you keep a secret?' I ask.
'I keep lots of secrets!' he says, his eyes sparkling mischievously. 'I love secrets.'
'Good,' I say. 'Close your eyes and put out your hand'
I take Enzo out of my pocket and place him in Mr Einstein's hand.
'Keep your eyes shut and try to guess what it is.'
'Well it has an odd texture, not smooth and not rough. It's not hot and it's not cold. It doesn't weight anything, yet it has incredible presence, bizarre.'
'Open your eyes.'
'What's that?' he asks, looking at the strange object in his hand. 
It's black, yet glows and has small flecks on magma moving on its surface.
'Meet Enzo. Enzo the black hole!'
'Aaagh,' yells Einstein in surprise, throwing Enzo up in the air.
Enzo slowly descends, sucking in a couple of dinner plates just to show what he’s made of.
Regaining his composure, Einstein says, 'Please let me hold you again.'
Enzo moves over and lands on Einstein's hand.
'Amazing!' he says smiling.
We hear the sounds of the others coming back.
I take the cage out of my pocket and Enzo rushes in, the cage closes and I place it back in my pocket.
'What was that?' whispers Einstein.
'White rings, antimatter,' I whisper back, delighted to see Einstein's mouth drop.

As the others come back, I say, 'I hear you’re learning to play stress, Albert.'
'I'm just a beginner, two player. George, one of our sentry slugs is teaching me. It has taken a bit of getting used to the fact that we're one of the stupidest creatures in the Universe. Me,' he says smiling, 'winner of the Nobel Prize, thinking I was smart with my theory of relativity, and all the time the slugs in my cabbage patch were playing six player stress with Martians. Ha, ha, ha, sometimes it's good to be bought down to Earth!'

I spend the night at Freud's house and catch up with Zeus at the cafe the next morning. We sit in the sun and have fresh croissants and wash them down with hot chocolate. 
'You must meet my most interesting person before we go,' says Zeus. 'It's a bit of a hike.'

Serenaded by crickets and cicadas, we walk out of town, across fields and up through oak forests until we reach a green valley full of washing lines.
'Is this where they do the laundry?' I ask.
'No. This is where John Smith lives.'
'John Smith? I've never heard of him.'
'No one has, but he has touched each and everyone's lives.'
Walking through the lush grass under the washing lines I notice something odd. Pegged out on the washing lines are socks, each held in place by a plastic peg of a matching colour. The pegs might match but the socks don't, no two are alike. There are hundreds of them, thousands of them, millions of them.
'Odd,' I say.
'Have you figured out who John Smith is?'
'A sock thief?'
'Close. He is the sock thief. Ever gone to put your socks on and there's one missing?'
'Yes.'
'Well, you’ll find it here!'
Seeing a man in the distance pegging up socks, Zeus says, 'There's John, he's a retired town planner from Basildon.'
Seeing us coming, John puts down the sock he's pegging up. 'Suez, good to see you,' he says, shaking Zeus's hand. He introduces himself to me and we walk up to his house together.
'Let's have a cup of tea,' he says.
John's wife, Daphne, brings us Earl Grey tea and scones and we sit in the dappled shade under the grape vines. John recounts his greatest exploits to me, while Daphne gives him a kick or a nudge once in a while.
'John you do go on, you are boring them,' she scolds.
John's wonderful. I have never met someone so passionate about what they do: a left foot size 3 from the Prince of Borneo; a black, calf length wool, size 9 from 7 Seagull Close; a size 10 gumboot sock from Taihape, New Zealand, green and yellow stripes....
'But how do you do it now?' I ask. 'Everyone wears sandals here.'
'I have a few of Napoleons,' says John, gesturing in the direction of a line of odd size sixes hanging behind him.
'But now,' he adds, giving me a wink. 'Suez has taught me to teleport!'
'Suez, you didn't!' I exclaim.

July turns to August, and August to September. I like September, it's the best month; the sun is still warm but he's lost the hard edge he had over the summer months. It's the perfect month for surfing. The September wind blows down the valley, smoothing out the swells into even lines and blowing the crests back in sheets on white spray.
Depending on the angle of the swell, Jesus and me surf the river month or the point break in front of my house. I've grown taller and stronger and can now catch the big waves. Sometimes I get tubed.

Azziz and me take Trigger on treks exploring the island. I still have a bit of a crush on him, coming over all funny if he touches me and laughing too loud when he tells a joke. I thought of avoiding him altogether but I like his company and don't want my crush to affect our friendship.
'He's not my type, he not my type,' I keep telling myself. 'If we get together, it will end in tears; mine!'




31.
I watch Earth. I watch people living their ordinary lives. It's funny because the happiest people aren't the ones with the most money or the biggest houses, the prettiest wives or the most handsome husbands, the ones with a whole line of letters after their name or the ones with flash jobs. As long as there's food on the table and peace in the neighbourhood, the happiest people are those who've made a commitment to something, their partner, their children, their job, a place or a cause. 
I heard my Dad say once, 'What you get out of something is what you put into it,' and most of the time, that's what I see when I look through the Worm.

Annie is sad again. I'll have to get her back up here.
I haven't seen Zula for a long time. I want to look in on his life but know what I will see. Finally, I crack and peek down on the Sahara. Zula is sitting on top of a sand dune with Ijju snuggled up beside him, their halos pinky-purple. I kick Scruff, who has the misfortune of being the nearest kickable object, and stomp my feet as I turn a funny shade of green.
'Emily, get a grip on yourself!' booms Castor's voice, brimming with humour.
'Shut up,' I shout, throwing my mug at the ground and smashing it to a thousand yellow shards.

It's always fun to watch Petra. Her life seems to be full of misadventures but things usually work out okay in the end. Petra and her traveling companions are an odd group; a red haired twelve year old girl, an owl, a lion, a Suez dog and a cagoon. When they get to built-up areas they pretend to be a circus act, and if they need money they do an impromptu street circus. Petra always wears her quiver with the folding bow and arrows and using it and her throwing knives puts food in their mouths and keeps trouble at bay.
In a zigzag, roundabout way, Petra's travels slowly lead back to Europe. Travelling is difficult because Ariella has turned Europe into a police state and banned all unnecessary travel. There are frequent security checkpoints on the roads. Petra is cunning, her papers and looks change daily and she's very persuasive with the police officers and soldiers.
Like Theo, Petra's halo glows a golden white.
I try to point the Worm at a mirror to see what colour my halo is but it never quite works. I guess it's green!

Zeus is on a health trip. Bacon and eggs are out, toast with lashings of butter and thickly spread marmalade are out, pancakes and waffles are a no-no. Breakfast is a grapefruit and an icy dip in the sea, followed by a brisk walk to get the circulation going, then a fresh yogurt.
No bad, not bad at all, but I do miss my bacon and eggs.
We are just finishing off our yogurt, silky smooth with spirals of honey in it, when Zeus says, 'Daisy, we must visit Daisy and see how she is going. It's been ages since we saw her.'
Panacea has changed. While there's still patches of long meadow grass waving in the breeze, most of the surface of the little asteroid is covered with houses and trees, and fields of wheat and corn. There are chickens and goats, dogs and cats, and footballers and their families.
As we walk around, the sentry slug, Aeolia, gives us the low down.
Last year a plane carrying the Brazilian football team conveniently crashed in to the Andes.
'I gave them the option of bringing their families up,' he says. 'I meant just wives and kids, but in Brazil, family has a different meaning. It extends to grandparents and cousins, the postman and the milkman. It's wonderful.
'We've been picking up other footballers too, the ones who have crashed their Ferraris or whose heads have exploded from too much ego, so now we have two teams. They play each other every Tuesday night and each team has a weekly game against a zinode team, so there are matches on Friday and Saturday evenings as well.'
'It's hugely popular, there's no stadium, just a pitch and everyone stands around the side-lines and yells and cheers. The slimeballs haven't noticed us yet; long may that last!'
We stop at a roadside stand and have spit-roasted guinea pig with chips, washing it down with coco-cola in glass bottles.
'Delicious,' says Zeus, wiping his mouth with his cloak.
'And healthy too!' I add.
We walk around looking for Daisy. I've never been to Brazil, haven't even visited it with the Worm, but it's just as I imagine it; colourful shacks for houses; little bars and roadside stands; music and people, lots of people, lots of life. Everyone's very friendly, but as I don't speak a word of Portuguese, I just smile at everyone and kick back any footballs that come my way. The climate on Panacea had changed, like someone has tweaked up the thermostat a bit. It's tropical; the air is heavy with humidity and the scent of frangipani. There's groves of papayas and bananas and old ladies sit in the shade of bright red flamboyant trees selling sweet, juicy mangoes.
Daisy is still standing under her tree. Her mountain of poo is replaced by a soccer goal. Daisy's changed too. Not only is she looking content but is barely recognisable, painted yellow with green ears and tail, and a big blue number 11 on her flank.
While she chews the cud, a couple of football players practice their penalty shots at goal. Daisy saves them all, casually sticking out a left back foot out to send the ball flying back at the kicker, flicking her tail to deflect a ball over the crossbar or turning her head to trap the ball with her yellow horns.
She looks at Zeus and me and gives a contented, Moooooooo.




32.
Castor calls me on the morning of Guy Fawkes Day, the 5th November.
'Fireworks Day,' he says. 'Petra has arrived.'
I quickly finish my cup of tea and teleport up to the moon. Zeus is already there. On the screen is a map of North Africa and Europe showing Petra's track over the past fourteen months. She's covered thousands of miles, mostly cross country and on foot, with Theo leading her on a route that criss-crosses the map ending up in Porto Fino, Italy. On screen, Petra is climbing up the steps that lead from Porto Fino to the castle, now Ariella's headquarters.
'What a beautiful place,' I say; looking at the little inlet surrounded by green, pine-clad hills. On one side is Porto Fino with its tall skinny buildings, plastered in shades of yellow, orange and red. Yachts and fishing boats tug at their moorings in the slight swell that sweeps past the lighthouse and into the bay. Castillo Brown sits on a hilltop with a commanding view over the town, down the coast to Cinqua Terra and out to sea.
'It's not called Porto Fino for nothing,' says Zeus. Putting his head in his hands, he adds, 'Petra doesn't realise what she is up against. In her innocence and naivety she thinks she can change Ariella. Theo thinks she is ready, so let's see what happens.'
'But she has the power of The Book,' I say.
'She doesn't have the power of The Book, she just has The Book. She thinks she is invincible. The Book has simply given her passion, but she has passion of her own. She could have thrown that book away months ago for all the help it gives her.'
'Will you step in?'
'No, I got her started on this journey. That's enough.'
After seeing all the police and soldiers mobilised around Europe, I'm surprised to see none here at Ariella's headquarters. A few elderly people look up from their gardening to wish Petra Buonagiorna as she walks along the track. Spot chases cats, but he's more bark than bite and they jump up on walls and glare down at him.
Reaching the gate to the Castle, Petra points to an enamelled tile set in the ivy. 
'Attenti al cane,' she says. 'Look out spot!'
The heavy gate is open and they walk in and up a series of steps and terraces shaded by umbrella pines. Reaching the door, Petra puts an arrow in her bow and drawing it halfway back, cautiously goes through and climbs the narrow stairway to the castle. It's suspiciously quiet. Petra pulls her arrow right back and glancing to the left, the right and behind she moves through the large room, watched by grumpy old men, glaring down at her from the paintings on the walls. The room leads to a larger one, morning sunlight glancing through the large windows and painting golden rectangles on the floor. Petra moves stealthily through the room and out through a large doorway to the garden. The gravel crunches noisily under her bare feet as she moves out into the middle of the courtyard. It's beautiful with flowerbeds, shrubs and tall umbrella pines surrounding the courtyard and sea and blue hills in the distance. There's no sign of life, just a quirky sculpture of a mermaid and Ariella's flag flapping in the breeze. 
'Petra, my darling daughter,' says Ariella, stepping out from behind some shrubs. 'How good of you to come.'
Wearing a low-cut black dress revealing tanned and freckled shoulders, Ariella is a truly striking woman. Her face is strong yet beautiful, her long black hair gleams in the sunlight.
'Oh Cupid, put your bow and arrow down and come and give Mum a hug,' she says, her voice all sweetness and love.
Petra eases the tension on the arrow, and folding the bow, puts it away in the quiver slung across her back.
She looks at her mother, apparently mesmerised by her beauty and walks towards her, opening her arms to give her a hug.
Twack! 
Ariella moves like lightning, slapping Petra across the face and sending her sprawling to the ground.
'Ooooh!' I gasp.
Reaching down and grabbing the spiral necklace that hangs around Petra's neck and giving it a quick jerk to break the string, she says menacingly, 'You've bought me The Book and the key as well. Thank you my dear, you've served your purpose well.'
A couple of guards touting sub-machine guns appear and jerk Petra's hands roughly around behind her back, cable tying her wrists together before sitting her up against the scaly trunk of a pine tree. Tears run down Petra's cheeks, mixing with the blood that flows from her nose and lips.
Holding The Book and key triumphantly, Ariella says in a sweet voice, 'So my dear, did you decipher the code, did you read the hieroglyphics? Do you know the true power of The Book that can be unlocked with this key?'
Petra looks blankly at her mother.
'No you don't! Well, let me tell you. If the holder of The Book commits a truly good or bad deed, then a secret compartment in The Book of Lightness and Dark can be opened and the key inserted. With the key in place the full power of The Book is unlocked; power enough to rule the world, power to defeat all challengers and crush all enemies.
'So my goody two shoes daughter,' she continues with a snarl. 'All I have to do is kill you, insert the key and the power is mine. Look out world, here I come!'
Rat, tat, tat, tat.
The sound of automatic gunfire makes Ariella jump.
'Oh! What was that, gunfire?" she says, breaking in to a smile, 'Mario and Jasmina are coming to your rescue.'
The gunfire comes closer and explosions shake the windows of the castle.
'Let me see how far they get. Maybe they can watch helplessly as you die,' says Ariella, sounding positively gleeful as she pulls a jewelled dagger from her dress.
Woof, woof!
Spot jumps at Ariella, getting a grip on her dress and pulling. He yelps as she stabs him and kicks him away.
Swoosh!
Theo dives down at Ariella, claws outstretched. She casually waves a hand at him, knocking him flying in a cloud of feathers. Turning the other way a bolt of lightning shoots out of the palm of her hand, hitting Brian in mid pounce and sending him tumbling over the wall.
Zeus gasps.
'Ha, ha, ha,' chortles Ariella, as Petra's look turns to horror. 'I'm Ariella, daughter of Hades and Zsussana.'
Rat, tat-tat!
There's a burst of gunfire close by.
'Here come our heroes. Mario and Jasmina are the best; that's why I picked them. What I misjudged about them is their human weakness. They love you and are here to rescue you. Love, it makes them weak.'

Mario and Jasmina come running through the doors in combat gear. With a couple of quick bursts of gunfire they dispatch Ariella's guards and stop a few metres from her, their guns at the ready. There's more explosions and gunfire and the rest of Mario's men came up over the walls and surround Ariella. 
'Welcome to my party!' says Ariella, to Mario. 'Come to see your darling daughter die?'
With a sweep of her hand she flings them back across the courtyard. As they struggle to their feet, another wave of Ariella's hand freezes them in mid stride and a wall of fire springs up, surrounding her and Petra.

'Zeus, you must do something!' I yell.
'No, we must give her a chance,' he replies.

'Now you die!' snarls Ariella, pulling out her dagger again.
Molly chews on the ties around Petra's wrists while melting them with her fiery breath. Petra flinches and bites her lip as Ariella strides towards her, dagger raised for the final strike.
A final flick of a razor sharp claw and the ties are cut. Molly springs up at Ariella's face, clawing at her eyes.
In a flash, Petra's bow is out and as Ariella shakes Molly free, she looks up to see the arrow coming straight towards her.
Her expression turns to horror as the arrow strikes home, right between her eyes. She staggers and dissolves into dust, her black dress falling limply to the ground.
Molly jumps on Spot, breathing fire on his wound and licking it with her sandpaper tongue.
The ring of fire flickers and burns out, and Mario, Jasmina and the men are freed.

Petra rises to her feet, picks the arrow off the ground, and puts it and the bow back in her quiver.
She flicks Ariella's black dress out of the way and picks up The Book and its spiral bone key.
Looking at Molly, she says, 'Well Molly, do you think we did a good deed?'
Molly snarls and puffs fire at her.
Petra opens The Book, carefully places the key into a spiral cut-out, and shuts it firmly.

Castor's screen goes blank.
'We can't watch when the key is in,' says Castor.
'Well, I never,' says Zeus. 'Hades daughter, and Petra defeated her!'
'Why did Molly help Petra?' I ask.
Zeus shrugs, 'Love, I suppose.'

Although I can't see Petra anymore, I keep a close eye on Europe. A new president is elected, the citizens' freedoms are quickly restored and in no time Europe returns to its usual state of disharmony.
European troops are quietly withdrawn from the Balkans and the grateful Croatian people gift the little island of Mulo to Mario and Jasmina, and assist in rebuilding the lighthouse and walls. Nothing is known of Petra, she disappears, becoming nothing but an unlikely heroine in urban legend. 




33.
Zeus comes around for breakfast on the day of the winter solstice. He's got over his health kick and I awake to the delicious smell of bacon.
'Ha, ha, ha,' laughs Zeus, as he brings me a cup of tea in bed. 'You can awaken the dead by frying bacon.'
We have breakfast on the veranda, eating in silence as we savour our first proper breakfast in ages. To wash it down, Zeus makes himself an espresso and me a hot choccy, the sunlight lighting up the steam as it rises in the crisp morning air.

Once our cups are empty, Zeus clears his throat and says, 'Emily, I think I've taught you all I can. I want to spend some time working on my asteroids. Earth is yours. You won't be seeing much of me now but I'll always be there if you need me. Good luck!'
I'm a little surprised, 'Does that mean that I'm God now?'
'No,' says Zeus smiling. 'You are Emily and always will be. Just keep an eye on Earth, that's all. Do nothing!'
He looks thoughtful for a moment, then adds, 'One word of advice. There's an old Arabian saying, Don't lie, but don't tell the truth either. Look at what happened to my sons. Be careful what you say to teroids about your job. Say nothing, do nothing!'
He clicks his fingers and is gone.

Annie is sad and depressed. I'm worried about her. Her dad has been hitting her again. She moves slowly, she talks slowly and she has suicidal thoughts. I have to do something.
I call her up and say, 'Come to Camillo, come for Christmas.'
'Love to,' she says. 'Is there anything you'd like me to bring?'
'Just yourself and a packet of Malteasers.'
Leaving a box of chocolates for her parents, and a wee card saying, Merry Christmas. Gone to visit a special friend, see you in the New Year, love Annie XOX, Annie packs her bag and disappears.
Jesus's birthday is at the cafe. It's every bit as wonderful as two years previously. Annie and me spend the night on the comfy couches, squeezed in between Jesus and Azziz.

After Jesus has thrown the oranges he tings a spoon against a glass to get everyone's attention.
'Ladies, anodes and zinodes, and all others who have given us the pleasure of your company, we have some special guests who will be performing for us tonight. All the way from Zwingly, please give a big hand to The Rolling Stones!'
Everyone cheers and hoots as spotlights light up The Rolling Stones and they strike up the first cords of Honky Tonk Woman.
'Let's dance!' says Azziz to Annie and takes her by the hand.
'Emily?' asks Jesus, rising to his feet and offering me his hand.
'Let's!' I say, and we dance through to the wee hours.

In a break between songs I say to Jesus, 'The Rolling Stones from Zwingly! Aren't they still alive on Earth?'
'Alive!' exclaims Jesus. 'They've been dead for years. No one can survive that much substance abuse. They've been replaced by cybotic robots, all except Brian Jones, who was already up here.'
Annie seems happy with Azziz's company so I walk back along the beach alone. Cold, black waves swoosh up over my toes, then suck back leaving a trail of phosphorescent stars. The Milky Way shines overhead, and shooting stars trace across the sky. 
'What a magical place,' I say to Scruff as he splashes past me, chasing Negrita and Enzo.

Sitting on the old weather worn sofa, I stay up and watch the stars. Dawn appears in the east and as soon as it's light enough to see, Scruff and me walk up to my special spot on the bluff. The red disk of the sun slowly rises over the horizon. I watch it until it's lost behind a bank of cloud. I stretch and are getting up to leave when gunfire erupts in the indigo sky above me. 
Bam, Chume, Chume, Chume!
Green and red lasers slice across the sky and a bluey-white photon torpedo ricochets between moon and attacker.
'Peace on Earth, but not on Camillo. Good morning Emily,' booms Castor's voice, 'I'm having a spot of bother with Baron. RUN!'
I stand there and watch the torpedo bouncing back and forth. A second, then a third and a forth torpedo join the game of aerial ping-pong.
'Run NOW!' shouts Castor as the torpedoes slam into his moon. It explodes, turning into an orange fireball as it tumbles to the sea.
'Oh no!' I gasp, and run.
As I reach the orchard a slimeball crashes to the ground, knocking over a mango tree and tumbling into the banana grove. Seconds later, the banana trees are gone and out charges the slimeball devouring everything in its path. I jump over the stone wall and run my fastest across the paddock. As I reach the style on the other side, I hear the panicked jingling of bells and glance around to see the slimeball devouring the sheep, olive and almond trees as it chases after me. 
Pausing on the style, I click my fingers to try and teleport but nothing happens.
Yap, yap, yap, bow, wow-wow! 
Scruff goes for the slimeball.
Yap, yap, yap, yooooowl!
The slimeball hoovers him up. 
Oh Scruff, you daft stupid dog!
It's getting close, I'll be next. It's not having me for breakfast, not just yet! I jump down and run along the path through the sugar cane. I run like the wind, my lungs ache and my legs hurt. The slimeball gains on me. The sucking sound it makes as it vacuums up the sugar cane grows louder and lumps of blue slimy spit splatter on the ground around me.
I'm almost home. I can make it, I know I can.
The slimeball is on my heels. I dodge to the right to avoid it and jump over the fence to the vegetable garden. My foot catches on a post and I sprawl to the ground, splat amongst the lettuces. I look around in horror as the slimeball smashes through the fence. I scream as it sucks my legs in between its huge fangs.
Zap!
A bolt of lightning shoots from the heavens and hits it. 
Zzizzzit!
Blue electricity arcs around its pulsating mass, sending sparks jumping through my body. My hair stands straight, shrivels and burns.

Zimp!
Zeus appears in the lettuce patch.
I feel his hand on my face as I pass out.

Swoosh!
A bucket of stagnant water is thrown over me.
It's disgusting; I cough, splutter and throw up.
'Whew,' says Zeus, looking around. 'That was close. He almost got the lettuces!' 

The End

If you enjoyed reading this story or would like to post some feedback, please take a minute to rate it.


Also published by Vi Grim
Emily Taylor Book 1- Abducted
Emily Taylor Book 2- The Slave Girl
Emily Taylor Book 4 – The Teenage Mum
writetovigrim@gmail.com

