Jupiter Shadows
By Olga Arsenina

Copyright Olga Arsenina Published at Smashwords


TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION. Old Mr. Klavdia and a Strange Phantom

PART ONE– THE EARTH
Chapter 1. Involuntary Witnesses of a Mystery
Chapter 2. Girls
Chapter 3. Pasha Gets Informed
Chapter 4. Operation Prowling Orion
Chapter 5. Arcas Research Station
Chapter 6. Hunters Follow the Trail
Chapter 7. Suspicious Online Meeting
Chapter 8. The Greenhouse on the Outskirts of the City
Chapter 9. Ivan Dugin and the Program J-12
Chapter 10. In the Depths of the Greenhouse
Chapter 11. Ganymede Asks for Help
Chapter 12. Hacker Attack on Know-All
Chapter 13. The Old Observatory
Chapter 14. Arcas Is Out of Reach
Chapter 15. United in the Face of Danger

PART TWO – CALLISTO

Chapter 1. First Watch
Chapter 2. Onboard Perseus
Chapter 3. In the TV Studio
Chapter 4. A Glimpse into the Life of the Station
Chapter 5. Maria Klueva
Chapter 6. Porphyry’s Nook
Chapter 7. Is Michael Dugin an Accomplice?
Chapter 8. Ruslan Kluev’s Diary
Chapter 9. Meeting the Technicians 
Chapter 10. Nadezhda Atlasova and the Department of Astrology Predictions
Chapter 11. Antigloomyn
Chapter 12. An Attractive Offer 
Chapter 13. Lomov Suggests a Solution

PART THREE – GANYMEDE

Chapter 1. Truth About Peter Chuzhakov
Chapter 2. The Rise of Callirrhoe
Chapter 3. To the Den of the Enemy on the Quiet
Chapter 4. The Enemy’s Plans
Chapter 5. Ganymede Is Dead Ahead! 
Chapter 6. The Professor
Chapter 7. Outside
Chapter 8. The Morpheus Virus
Chapter 9. Final Preparations
Chapter 10. The Fight
Chapter 11. Unexpected Outcome
Chapter 12. The End


INTRODUCTION: Old Mrs. Klavdia and a Strange Phantom

It was a nice day in May and Pasha had hard time focusing on his homework. He had been wrestling with the question which subject he had to study first for a good hour. A pile of textbooks on the table hardly stirred up enthusiasm in him. After some serious reflection, the boy set his choice on literature. 
Mrs. Solovei ordered to learn a short poem by heart for next day. Pasha moved his unruly auburn bang aside from his forehead. He had the willpower to open the book and begin rote-learning. He had good progress with the first quatrain and in a couple minutes Lugansky rapped out enthusiastically, 

The twirling golden birch-leaves
Upon the pink pond lie
Like a flock of butterflies, hurtling
To a distant star to die…

Pasha’s enthusiasm began to die down when it came to the second quatrain and was out by the third one. The boy stared at the window sadly, muttering like a robot below his breath “the twirling golden birch-leaves…”
Meanwhile, the life was boiling in the street. The neighbors’ boys Victor and Gera were riding a brand new scooter. Old Mrs. Klavdia was absorbed into a conversation with Mrs. Maria, her deep voice resounding over the area. “She must be complaining about the market women again,” flew by in Pasha’s head.
Mrs. Klavdia couldn’t find a common language with the market ladies. Whenever she went to the farmer’s market, she would end up making an exemplary spectacle starring the gusty old lady. There, among numerous market stalls, Mrs. Klavdia felt quite at home. The woman stroke terror into people. How selflessly bargained she for each bunch of radishes!  How proud she was moving away from every saleslady she defeated! That resolute old lady came out victorious from any market squabble she partook in. No one could match her in this walk of life.
A week ago, a “totally incomprehensive story” happened to her. The event was reported to the entire neighborhood. Perhaps, Mr. Eric from house number six, who lived the life of a recluse, was the only one who didn’t know about the marvelous adventure of his peevish neighbor. 
One Saturday morning, the indefatigable retiree traditionally headed to the central market. During another war of words with a market woman who sold vegetables, Mrs. Klavdia suddenly noticed something weird behind her opponent’s back (a story as told by the main character of the event),
“This saucy girl’s shoving a bag with potatoes in my hands and demands money for two kilos. But I have an eye for such things! There was less than two kilos in there, I’m telling you! She wanted to twist me around her little finger! What an impudence! But she picked the wrong person. ‘How so, darling?’ I ask her. ‘No way it’s two kilos. Will you weigh again?’ And this is when she got worked up and started screaming at the top of her voice!”
Then, savoring the details, Mrs. Klavdia retold her dialog with the saleslady in her usual expressive style. The climax of the scandalous story was the following: exactly when the wrangle reached its peak, she cut short the severe reproof. With her mouth open, she stared at the wall near the hapless stall where, as she claims, “a mirage emerged.”
“You know, it’s like the wall became clouded, the air began trembling… Then I see some metal tentacles appear and reach for my market woman’s head, closer and closer! I point my finger as if saying ‘watch out!’ but she doesn’t understand what’s going on. She must’ve thought that she’d driven the old hag crazy. Then her face expression changes, she springs out from the stall, grabs me by the arm, and starts prattling in a frightened voice, 
‘Are you feeling okay, ma’am? Hold on a second, I’ll bring you some water. I’m begging you, just don’t pass out!’
I rubbed my eyes, looked at the wall, and saw nothing. But I swear I saw those damn tentacles as clearly as I see you now. May I die on the spot if I lie! By the way, the screamer gave me the potatoes for free. She also put some cucumbers and onions into my string bag. See, I scared the hell out of her!”
Another neighbor was listening to the story of the victim-retiree with her mouth open, the narration interrupted only by rare grasps of admiration. However, in the evening, while retelling this very story to her family, the woman drew such a stream of ridicule that she was ashamed of her naïve credulity. 
“This is crazy! Old ladies are so odd, they can make up any story of boredom! The only thing they need is attentive audience,” Pasha thought to himself skeptically, recalling Mrs. Klavdia’s adventure. He turned away from the window reluctantly, while Klavdia and Maria kept discussing the latest news. He cast a gloomy glance at his desk. Unfortunately, the textbooks were still there. Pasha gave a deep sigh and continued the rote-learning. 

PART 1. THE EARTH

Chapter 1. Involuntary Witnesses of a Mystery

The same day the idea of doing homework was absent from the mind of Arthur Bogumirov, a boy in the same year as Pasha. A seventh grader, he was considered a slow learner which, by the way, didn’t bother him at all. Arthur was far from stupid but, being extremely quick at learning things, he managed to forget them just as quickly. The reason for that was his ill-fated lack of perseverance. Getting down to his home assignment, Arthur swore he would work hard to do everything he’d been told to to later remember about a hang glider in his closet he had to finish gluing the year before last, or suddenly a craving to study a marine flag signaling system arose in him… In other words, when it came to his homework, the boy was distracted by other things. Arthur’s restless nature could also be seen in the way he looked: black curls together with his dark brown eyes uneasily sparkling with a naughty glitter. Today’s reason why the prankish child put off his homework was that he and his friends decided to test a new scooter.  The happy owner of the vehicle was Victor Tretyakov – Arthur’s classmate and a friend he liked to play in the street with.  The friends agreed to have a test drive at an abandoned site near the wasteland behind House No. 6. 
Looking out of the window impatiently, Arthur discovered to his displeasure that Victor and Gera Balakhonov were riding the scooter around the yard.  In so doing, they completely forgot about him – their leader!  Displeasure quickly gave place to indignation, which, once he entered the stair landing on the first floor, turned into poorly concealed ire. Arthur rushed outside, hastily pulling on his windbreaker. At the last minute, he managed to take control of himself, slowed down abruptly, and leisurely headed towards his friends.
“Someone’s got a new toy for Victor and now he can forget about his friends!” Arthur blurted out sarcastically in his usual over-sweet voice. He did his very best to conceal how deeply he was hurt by his friends’ disregard. Victor gave a guilty look at the newcomer, got off the scooter and mumbled, “Oh, Arthur, Gera and I were just about to go get you… Right, Gera?”
Gera nodded in reply vigorously. Arthur listened to his pals’ excuses condescendingly.  Since he was itching to straddle that awesome vehicle, he said in a hurried voice, “Come on, I’m just kidding. So, let’s go to the wasteland!” 
Victor let Arthur ride the scooter. He jumped on it sportily and stepped on it.
“I really like it,” having reached their destination, Arthur got off the scooter and clapped on the seat with approval. 
“And my dad promised to give me a skateboard if I improve my marks in literature…” the boy frowned and scratched his head uneasily.  “And Mrs. Solovei is ready and willing to help: Bogumirov, learn this! Bogumirov, retell this! Write an essay… Oo-of,” Arthur waved his hand, “What’s she thinking about? How am I supposed to do all this in just seven days? All in all, I’m going to have to waste my time waiting for my skateboard for another year,” he uttered humbly trying to think of an excuse for himself. He was capable of many things for that skateboard. He even agreed to dig patches at their dacha all June which he informed his father of. But literature… he barely even started it but he already had less than a week left. 
“And my granddad’s going to bring me a Siberian husky in a month!” Gera said proudly. He badly wanted to brag about something to his friends, too. 
“No way!” Victor exclaimed distrustfully.
The pals stared at him with curiosity. A friendly draught dog, the Siberian husky, could often be found in stories by Jack London and was a dream of many boys and girls, the dream which wasn’t often meant to come true. 
“Why no way?” Gera snarled. “I’m telling you, it’s true!”
“Great! Will you leave it to me when you go on vacation?”
“If you behave well,” Gera answered haughtily, as if he’d already become the happy owner of the cute furry friend. 
“Oh-oh-oh, don’t put on airs! You’ve got nothing so far!” Victor looked offended but noticed right away that he was in a more advantageous position than his boastful friend: the scooter was within his reach, while some mythical husky was only a plan. 
Arthur interrupted his friends, “Want to go to the headquarters?”
“Mrs. Klavdia’s just come out to the garden. She might notice us!” Gera brushed off the idea right away.
Armed with a good ear and a long tongue, Mrs. Klavdia was a totally undesirable witness. “Thanks to her,” the location of their headquarters which were so thoroughly concealed, could come to light in a matter of a day.
“Really? That’s a bummer… ” Arthur was sitting on the roadside, sprawling lazily, with a blade of grass in his mouth. Victor was making steep turns on the scooter.
“Did you watch Around the World yesterday?” Arthur changed the subject. “They told about the Bermuda triangle. The host said that fifty ships and planes went missing there, can you believe that? I wonder where they vanish?”
Gera was excited to share his opinion of the problem, 
“Dad said there’s a giant swirl there.”
“No, it’s not about the swirl,” Bogumirov said confidently. “Not all the ships went missing. Some of them were found later, but with no people… The host told about an English training ship Atalanta which vanished together with the crew. So, after a year it was found by another ship. According to the captain, Atananta was sailing but the crew wasn’t there!”
“Who cares what some captain said…” Gera noted grumblingly. “A man can say whatever he wants but does he have proof? Pictures?”
“What pictures are you talking about? It happened one hundred years ago. You think in the nineteenth century each captain had a camera in his pocket?”
“It’s beyond discussion then. He might’ve suffered from hallucinations. Think about it, it often happens to people at sea. Uncle Borya told me,” Gera insisted. “Hey, Victor, it’s my turn. Get out of here!” he said rushing towards his friend.
The boys had fun at the wasteland, until in the evening Victor remembered all of a sudden that he hadn’t done his homework yet. The friends wandered home reluctantly. Halfway there, their attention was attracted by bright flashes coming from a window on the first floor. 
“Mr. Eric’s experimenting with something again,” Victor noted.
“It’s going to come to a bad end one day. He’ll blow up the whole house!” Gera added knowingly, copying his father’s manner of speaking who recently filed a complaint about Eric to a competent authority.  By that time, the flashes became more frequent and acquired an ominously greenish tinge. The situation was becoming more and more disturbing: the boys were watching the fascinating twinkling with their mouths open. Finally, Arthur lost his patience and suggested,
“Let’s go on a recce!”
Although confused, the boys yielded to curiosity. They prudently left the scooter by the entrance door.
The boys sneaked up to the door of the experimenter’s apartment and heard his loud voice. Apparently, Mr. Eric was talking on the phone. 
“…I swear, Straus, it’s not going to happen again! Who would’ve thought that at the crucial moment the damn thing would go haywire! … Yes! But… Wait, Straus… Hold on, I can explain! The system was fine-tuned,  it was running smoothly. But that power outage... It was less than a second but it was enough! Now it should be clear to you that I need an independent supply source. Do I have to explain that for such an experiment under-funding is a crime! Yes… Yes. Okay, I understand. Tauride Station, locker number seven. Wednesday, yeah… Four o’clock, as usual… Merci, have a good day!”
No speaking could be heard anymore. Instead, the boys heard footsteps approaching.  They rolled head over heels down the staircase… 
The boys ran to the yard, recovered their breath, and began discussing what they’d just heard. Perhaps, Mr. Eric was mixed up in some murky affair. But what was it all about? Victor, breathless with emotions overwhelming him, claimed that Mr. Eric was working with the Ministry of Defense. Gera insisted it had something to do with a foreign intelligence service. Arthur had his own theory but he didn’t feel like sharing it with his friends yet. The boy listened to what others said, staring at house number six. One thing was clear: they witnessed some mysterious event and the story was just unfolding. They decided to go to the Tauride Station lockers on Wednesday, after school. The friends swore they’d keep everything they’d heard secret and, excited, headed home. 
Victor was swearing hard carrying his heavy scooter to the basement. He couldn’t care less about it now.

Chapter 2. Girls

On Wednesday after school, Elena was talking Anna into going to a hairdressing salon her mother worked for. The girl often dropped in there after classes to leaf through fashion magazines, watch professionals at work, or just examine the clients. But that time she had a completely different reason, 
“Don’t be stubborn, Anna! You’ll be home in time. Just imagine, Lesina herself’s booked a hair appointment in the salon! It’s foolish to blow such a chance. We’ll take an autograph and show it to the girls tomorrow!” Elena’s brown eyes flashed impatiently. She loved Renata Lesina, a famous TV anchorwoman, and her elegant style. In her fervent zeal to resemble the local celebrity, the girl once almost whittled down her gorgeous long hair she’d grown since she was a second grader. Her mother, who happened to come home an hour earlier than usual, prevented Elena from vandalism. What a scandal it was! It made the fanatic imitator slightly restrain her ardor and leave the idea of having a short haircut. Anyway, her misfortune was successfully compensated for by copying meticulously accessories a la Lesina: silk colorful scarfs she changed daily, a dolphin-shaped amber silver ring, a chain-bracelet elegantly twining around her wrist…
“Darling, do you remember that you’re in charge of the news column at our school’s website this week?” Anna decided to cheer up her relaxed friend. Straight dark auburn bobbed hair barely covering her neck; eyes: blue in summer, green and grey in winter; strong athletic body. Anna Romanova has been attending fencing classes for almost three years. She was a direct opposite of the extravagant Elena Chernomorova. In the relations of the two, impatience and irritability of the first girl were bound to run into rationality and philosophical discretion of the other. 
“Of course I do,” Elena cut short. “By the way, I have a headline for our tomorrow’s issue:  High School Yacht Racing: ‘Killer Whale’ or ‘Arrow’?”
Anna yielded to persuasion unwillingly, 
“Okay, let’s go… But I’ll stay until 4 at the most. I have to be in time for my fencing class, I skipped one on Monday.”
On their way to the hairdressing salon, Elena was chattering about a ninth grader who kept casting fascinated glances at her all last week.
“I don’t have a crush on him… You know, the guy’s not exactly my type…” 
Anna understood very well what her friend’s feelings were.  She knew for sure who Elena was secretly in love with. She suddenly recalled her recent online meeting with a strange young man nicknamed Ganymede. Anna, who had some interest in Greek mythology, remembered that Ganymede was a son of the Dardanos tsar who waited upon Greek gods while they were having their meals. Ganymede was abducted following the special request of Zeus – father of gods and men. “These Greek gods are so willful!” Anna thought indignantly. “Zeus wanted a new servant – no problem, a boy’s kidnapped! But the fact that the parents of the poor kid are doomed to grieve all their life didn’t bother the ruler of Mount Olympus at all!”
Anna took every unfairness close to heart. Once, when she was in the computer lab at her school, she noticed older students making fun of a third grader who was fulfilling a task in geography. To the accompaniment of stentorian laughter, they were calling him nicknames like nerd or geek. He didn’t know where to escape from his unexpectedly arrived offenders and kept quiet, staring at the floor depressingly. Anna, who peeped into the room accidentally, couldn’t stay indifferent. She called the most impudent bully fearlessly,
“Hey, Fedorov! Let him alone! Are you always that brave with kids? But once you see a stronger rival – you back out! We all remember the way Anton’s brother beat you up last week. Our hero took to his heels!” this is where the courageous girl burst out laughing. Fedorov’s face flushed red out of shame and anger. Some sassy chick dared to defame him in front of his friends and a brat.
“Hold on, Romanova… You’re going to regret it!” was all the humiliated fighting-cock could force himself to say. The boys left the room hastily. 
“Next time I’m going to have to ask Ganymede why he picked that nickname…” It was a loud cry of her friend who helped Anna indulged in reveries out.
“Anna, hurry up! Lesina’s here!”
The girls rushed into the salon. They stormed inside, plopped onto the couch and dropped their purses on the floor. The way Elena’s mother looked at them gave the girls to understand that they’d better not to disturb her. She was obviously worried: cutting the hair of a celebrity was a serious aptitude test. The girls were giving the VIP client a quiet piercing glance for a while. There was no denying that Lesina was a true goddess. She looked as gorgeous in real life as she did on the screen. Eventually, the girls got tired and began talking to each other in a whisper – prattling out loud in front of the anchorwoman seemed inappropriate.  
“What time’s your fencing class today? Four?” Elena whispered.
“Yep.”
“Listen, is Lugansky a good fencer? Have you ever fenced him?”
“He’s good. No, we’ve never fenced each other. We’re rarely paired with boys. They do epee fencing and we fence with foils.”
“What’s the difference?” Elena blinked her eyes.
“Foil blades are narrower and they’re lighter,” Anna explained.
“Oh,” the girl nodded understandingly. “Why did you actually choose fencing? I don’t get it. It’s more for men, musketeers, you know… I can understand rhythmic gymnastics or synchronized swimming…”
 “Bullshit. In my opinion, girls fencing with foils are extremely elegant. What would you say about female weightlifters?”
“It’s terrible! No, a weight is too much. I attended figure skating classes as a child and this fall my parents are going to buy me a swimming pool membership card. Lyalikova’ll join me, I guess. She’s always copying me! Do you think my ninth grader really wanted to be her boyfriend? Or she’s made it all up just to spite me?”
Anna was about to say something in reply when Chernomorova clapped her on the knee. She hissed,
“Look, I guess mom’s done. Let’s go to Lesina!”
The distinguished client was pleased with the hairdresser’s work. She was admiring her new haircut when two young fans came up to her asking for an autograph. The woman gave a condescending smile and signed the sheets the girls held out. Elena was in the seventh heaven. She was looking admiringly at Lesina, unable to say a word. Noticing the undisguised delight on the girl’s face, the celebrity gave a broader smile, pulled her business card out of her purse, and offered it to the girls,
“Do you want to come to our studio? We’re making a report on how students of the city are going to spend their summer vacation.”
“Thank you… very much! We’re sure to come! When?” Elena couldn’t’ believe her ears: an invitation to a TV studio by Lesina herself! She never dared even to dream about it!
“Call me on Thursday, in two and a half weeks. See you!” the anchorwoman waved goodbye and darted out.
“Goodbye!” the girls replied in chorus. 
On their way back, Elena was jabbering nonstop about “Lyalikova’s eyes flashing viciously and…” she failed to finish her phrase because Arthur sprang out of the corner. He hit against her shoulder and, without apologizing, scudded past at breakneck speed. He was followed by Victor and Gera.
“Hm…” the girl made a wry face following the runners with her eyes. Her elevated mood disappeared in an instant. Anna couldn’t help noticing it. Yeah-yeah.  Alas, Arthur was the one Elena was crazy about. And everything seemed to indicate that the love was unrequited. 
“You see that?” Chernomorova turned her eyes full of indignation on her friend. “Running like hell!”
“What can you expect?” Anna shrugged her shoulders phlegmatically. “Always have something urgent to do.”
Realizing that it was pointless to be sulky with the hotspurs, Elena skillfully turned what had just happened to them into a joke, “Tomorrow at school, give Tretyakov a telling-off from me.”
Chernomorova made a stern face. The girls burst out laughing. Forgetting about the incident, they continued their way home. 

Chapter 3. Pasha Gets Informed 

At home Pasha decided to play computer games. His fencing class was canceled as his instructor was away on a tournament. Physical activity made Lugansky noticeably stronger. He was very sickly as a child. One day, his father came to a decision to end it by conditioning to the cold. He also enrolled him in fencing classes.
The boy pulled out from a drawer a sealed disk with a new quest game In Search of Lemuria. Thrilled at the thought of a breathtaking adventure, he began stripping off the packing. Quest games were the only genre Pasha cherished a certain reverence for. He outgrew shooters a few years ago. This, on the other hand, always had something to break your head over.
Suddenly, the telephone began to ring. Mr. Eric from house number six called.
“Pasha, if you have some time tonight, call on me.”
“I can come right now,” Pasha agreed. He was flattered that Mr. Eric chose him from all the children of his age and trusted him, occasionally inviting him over to run errands.   
Eric was considered a weirdo and an unsociable person. He was reputed a weirdo mostly because people had no idea of what he was doing for a living. What can one think of a person who spends most of the day god knows where, and those rare moments that he’s at home, some suspicious sounds and smells start coming from his apartment? What can those tightly curtained windows hide? Why doesn’t he fling them open even in summer? This sort of estrangement caused other dwellers distrust him. As is known, lack of facts results in people repairing the gap by making up stories and legends. This is how Eric’s mysterious personality was slowly getting covered with a sticky web of rumor and gossip. 
It was rumored once that the reticent neighbor owned a greenhouse somewhere on the outskirts of the city but it was hard to believe in. Upon hearing that, Gera’s mother began to laugh. She imagined a sullen-looking Eric in a straw slouch hat, who was carefully watering his flowers. It was so not typical of that man always with a somber expression on his face, and after a while this legend about a flower grower became forgotten completely. 
Pasha believed Mr. Eric treated other people living in the house in the wrong way.  Obviously, his reserve excited his restless neighbors, attracting extra attention to his personality. In fact, Lugansky knew it better than anyone that behind that outward unsociability was a person of a cheerful disposition.
Eric’s apartment was a pile of boxes, strange devices, computer component parts, and god knows what else. An outside observer would be amazed at that terrible mess and ask himself a logical question: is it possible to find anything in this mess? But the arrangement of things appeared chaotic only on the face of it. The attentive eye would notice that each shelf, as well as each part, was carefully labeled by its owner. Waking up the owner of the apartment in the middle of the night asking about the location of some unremarkable item and getting an exhaustive answer would leave not a shadow of a doubt about the perfect order reigning in the apartment.
“Pasha, will you help me with this circuit?” Mr. Eric said, holding out a sheet of paper with some symbols. “It’s pretty easy. A couple of resistors, a condenser, a microchip… So, here it is. You’ll figure it out. The components are in the lower drawer. I’d do it myself but I have to finish some important work by tomorrow.”
The instructions given, Mr. Eric retreated to a next-door room.
Pasha took a soldering iron into his hands enthusiastically. Handling the microchip took a lot of his time and effort. Its lugs were so thin and were placed so close to each other that it was very difficult to solder them separately. 
Lugansky was an incorrigible dreamer. Doing some monotonous task, he liked to be immersed in the world of fantasies. A couple of days ago, a friend of him gave him a wonderful adventure book about two teenagers: a terrestrial boy and a girl who came to the Earth from a neighboring galaxy. Pasha really enjoyed reading it and at that moment he began to reflect on what he would do in different situations, if he had been one of the characters. And the two would get into various scrapes all the time: with ingeniousness which is inherent in yesterday’s kids, they interfered in the business of extraterrestrial civilizations, and then, by some miracle, managed to get away from those hostile planets. They used some large-size mysterious creature as a vehicle. Young adventure seekers performed intergalactic flights inside a space “Pegasus.” Pasha found himself thinking that to navigate a spaceship must have been more amusing than just sitting thoughtlessly in the belly of a monster, no matter how intelligent it was. The adventures of the two teenagers took Pasha’s breath away. The thought of some unknown civilizations which were thousands light years away seemed fascinating to the little dreamer. Just think about it: other planets, each with its own way of life, level of development, appearance of its inhabitants after all! Perhaps, Lugansky would give his right arm to visit one of them. Making friends with an alien girl, like the main character of the book did, seemed even more incredible. In Pasha’s opinion, an extraterrestrial girl had to be reasonableness and wisdom personified. In short, she had to be an exact opposite of his coquettish female classmates. As if in response to his wish, an image of a non-coquette and a bore of the first water Alisa Otvarova appeared in his head. “No-no-no,” Pasha wanted to get rid of the image. He continued his inner dialog, “Otvarova’s too much. She should be… should be… a little crazy,” he concluded.  He became thoughtful for a moment and put in words the confirmation of his own idea, “Yes, crazy! Will a normal girl agree to fly into space for some dubious adventures?”  Having run over all his female acquaintances in his mind, Lugansky came to a true conclusion that none of them bore even a remote resemblance to his perfect alien girl. The boy was carried away reflecting upon other civilizations, “Hm, why do people think astronomers haven’t found traces of life beyond our solar system yet? They might withhold this information… while in reality they keep in touch with them!” the thought that this grandiose event might have been happening at that very moment somewhere nearby, with him unaware of it, gave Pasha the creeps. “Well, if it weren’t for that sports camp, I might’ve enrolled into astronomy classes in summer,” Lugansky thought. “I should talk to dad…” 
Deep in thought, the boy fulfilled the complex task without noticing it. Triumphantly, he pushed away the finished board. A dog could be heard barking from the neighboring room. It was Chapa, Mr. Eric’s dog. Then, all of a sudden, there came a clap, and some harsh smoke began penetrating the room Pasha was in, even though the door was closed. Pasha rushed to the hall. The following picture appeared before him: Mr. Eric was standing in the middle of the room enveloped in black puffs of smoke, with a thin rectangular plate in his hands. Chapa was jumping around: its high-pitched barking made Pasha’s ears ring. The echo of the painfully familiar female voice could be heard. Pasha stared at the plate Mr. Eric was holding. Of course, no doubt, on the surface of the plate, just like on the TV screen, was a moving picture of the market woman, while the voice was… Mrs. Klavdia’s. She cried loudly but then stopped short. Pasha saw a close-up of some tentacles like those of an octopus move. Mr. Eric tried to hide the plate behind his back but, looking into the boy’s eyes, he realized it was too late. Pasha stiffened in astonishment. Millions of thoughts crossed his mind one after another with lighting speed, “It means Mrs. Klavdia was telling the truth. Probably… But wait… Eric? Hm…”
Eric’s voice was like a bold from the blue: solemn and imposing. 
“So, take a seat, buddy. To avoid further misunderstanding, I have to explain something to you. But you have to promise: everything I’m going to tell you now will remain between you and me.”
Not knowing what to say, Pasha just nodded. 

Chapter 4. Operation Prowling Orion

Arthur, Victor and Gera were hanging out at the headquarters on the old oak-tree behind the wasteland. Artfully hidden from the outsiders with the sprawling leaves, it was a booth which walls and floor were made of plywood. Victor’s father was the only adult who knew about its existence: he helped the boys build it. The booth had plenty of stuff for a searching look to settle on: a map of the city hanging on the wall; a small box cram-full of old papers, drafts and plans standing in the corner; a marine flag signaling system manual which had been lying on the floor since the boys’ last visit. They liked to play with the book once in a while. The idea of the game was as following: one of the boys was to draw a certain sequence of flags, while the others had to read the encrypted message. The last time they played, the friends were vainly panting over a complicated combination – a well-known signal sent during the Battle of Trafalgar. It meant literally this: England expects that every man will do his duty.
The headquarters appeared not by chance: it was a necessity. It was imposed by a fever that affected two neighboring apartment houses. Crypto Race was the name of the game local boys enthusiastically gave themselves up to playing. Arthur was the one who started the madness. Interested in studying Indian totems, he designed an intricate rebus where he encoded the symbol of the Huron tribe from Fenimor Cooper’s book, which was a deer.  But to simply figure out the symbol wasn’t enough. The second part of the rebus contained an answer to the question about the location of the sought-after figure. The winner received a prize of the statuette. It was Victor. As it turned out later, he won mostly because of his father’s help. Following such a serious violation of the rules, the statuette was re-awarded to Arthur, but it didn’t get the game any less exciting.  However, after a while they boys got tired of playing with plants and animals only, and the rules became more sophisticated.  Apart from their “totem alphabet,” they introduced other symbol systems, such as heraldry, trademarks of popular brands, and, as of lately, marine flag signals. The friends never tried to hide their new hobby from their classmates, so the game quickly spread beyond their group. The kids divided into two teams, according to the apartment house they belonged. Two independent experts were selected from their parents. Their duty was to check the tasks’ complexity and correctness. In case the cipher met all the conditions, another stage started. They agreed to have five rounds. The losing team was to give a party for all the participants. The last stage of the competition ended up a couple of days ago. The unconditional winner in that crypto race was Arthur, Victor and Gera’s team. Their rivals were left far behind: the devastating score 4:1 spoke for itself. 
“Oh, it’s so hot here! Like in hell!” Gera complained fanning himself with his cap peak. “Do you want to take a swim real quick?” he drawled lamentably.
“Our old man’s whining again,” Arthur grinned. “First – meeting, then – fun!” he said in a didactic tone and then spoke to both of his friends playfully-imposingly,
“So, gentlemen, it’s time to sum up our today’s investigation.”
“Now I know for sure that I’m not sure of anything…” Victor said pompously.
“Yeah, the picture isn’t clear yet. But we still have something.”
Arthur pulled out from the drawer a tattered sheet of paper and started writing down,
“First. A suspicious guy showed up at the cloakroom ten minutes earlier than we expected.  What do you think was inside the bag he left for Eric?”
“Money?” Victor surmised indecisively.
“… or a chip!” Gera added. 
“Yeah… Considering the fact that Eric mentioned financing talking on the phone, it could be money in there,” Arthur finished. “I failed to trace him. Once he left the station, he hopped into a taxi and drove off to downtown.”
“Secondly. Eric arrived on time, grabbed the bag and headed home. Nothing special about that.”
“It smells like a well-arranged exchange system,” Gera concluded.
“Yep, kind of.  It’s obviously not the first time that they use that locker. But why such mystery? Why can’t they just hand it to each other personally? Not clear…” Arthur was thinking aloud.  
“Hell, yeah! It is suspicious!” Gera exclaimed. The friends had no idea how hard it was for him to keep that mysterious event secret. Mr. Eric was often discussed in his family. The day before, at the dinner-table, his father got all worked up over “the crazy physicist-tester” again. 
“What shall we do now? I don’t know. We can’t watch for something to happen, standing by Eric’s door all day long. It’s foolish!” the friends laughed at the thought of them doing it.
“Why not? I’ll bring you sandwiches from home!” Gera, who lived in an apartment house next to Eric’s, carried on.
“Okay, enough fooling,” the boy looked thoughtful. Suddenly, it dawned on him,
“I have an idea! Pasha Lugansky! Maybe, we can check up on him? He and Eric are on friendly terms. Perhaps, we’ll figure something out? Some details? I hate this nerd Lugansky. We had a fight last week again.”
“He’s not a nerd, by the way. He goes to the same fencing classes as Anna!” Victor tried to stand up for Pasha.
“Unbelievable!” Arthur said acrimoniously. “If you, Victor, is on Pasha’s side, you’ll be the one to build bridges! By the way, may I ask you a question? What stories did Mrs. Romanova tell you about Lugansky in defense of him?” Bogumirov kept being sarcastic.
“She didn’t tell me anything!” Tretyakov whose pride had just been wounded flared up. “I just want to say that the fact that Pasha ignores us doesn’t make him a nerd.”
“Seriously? Is he the one ignoring? I personally don’t give a damn about him!” this is when Arthur turned on, too. Gera blinked his eyes, shifting his gaze from one friend to the other and back. Their discussion was turning into a stupid argument because of some unimportant matter. Arthur was the first to pull himself together (he had a forgiving nature). As if nothing had happened, he changed the subject,
“By the way, do you want to think of a name for our investigation? Let’s open a case, draw a plan of actions, and assign duties,” his eyes radiated burning enthusiasm.
“Why not? Great idea! I’m in!” Victor caught up cheerfully, forgetting about the squabble.
“What’s going to be the name?” Gera asked in a calm voice.
“Hm… Prowling Orion!” Victor blurted out all of a sudden.
“What’s Orion have to do with it? What is it actually?” Arthur was surprised.
“It’s a mythological hunter. A southern constellation was named after it. Romanova told me about it. She’s crazy about Greek mythology. Prowling Orion’s going to symbolize our investigation. We’re hunters prowling for Eric’s mystery.”
Arthur gave Gera a questionable look,
“What do you think? Do you like it?”
“I do!” he nodded in reply.
“PROWLING ORION,” were the letters Arthur wrote down carefully on a new sheet of paper.

Chapter 5. Arcas Research Station

“I know you’re a smart kid, so you’ll be able to tell truth from lie. This is why I also don’t see any point in making up stuff right now. Besides, I wouldn’t be able to make up a good believable story on the spot. It’s up to you whether to believe me or not. Anyways, I hope that what you’ll hear now won’t leave these walls,” Eric began his story. 
Pasha was all ears. 
“So, it all began in the last century. A state secret program to build a research station outside the Earth was launched. The station was to be deployed at one of the moons of Jupiter – Callisto. The purpose of the research center was to develop new technology to observe Earth from space, as well as implementation of the abovementioned technology in life. Officially, the program’s existed for eight years. A lot has been done during this time. I can’t tell you for sure when exactly the station turned into some sort of a protective shell for our planet. Equipment designed at Arcas as a result of long years of experimenting allowed controlling many natural processes of the planet.  
Eight years later, a notification arrived at the station about an emergency project close-down and complete destruction of the base together with all the technology created.  All the Arcas staff was ordered to go back to Earth immediately. The scientists were shocked: everything they’d done over the last few years was to be destroyed! But what happened? Why? They couldn’t find answers to any of these questions.  There was little time left and the scientists arranged an emergency meeting. A very daring decision was made. They decided to simulate the destruction of the station and death of all its employees on their way home. The Arcas team was aware that in case their risky plan was disclosed, they would get the cold shoulder once they returned to Earth. The people understood there was no way back but, nevertheless, they undertook the venture,” Eric fetched his breath. 
“It’s amazing! What’s Mrs. Klavdia have to do with it? Are you somehow connected to Arcas?” Pasha’s head was crowded with questions and he took advantage of his interlocutor’s moment’s hesitation.
“Directly. But be patient. You’ll find out everything. You want coffee?” Eric asked.
“I’d rather have some tea,” Pasha was fidgeting on his chair, looking forward to hearing what happened next. Eric went to the kitchen. He returned a few minutes later and continued,
“As you understand, the Callisto station still exists. Not only does it exist, it also continues functioning successfully. However, rigorous precaution measures have to be taken because the people who ordered to destroy the research center are in the firm belief that Arcas has sunk into oblivion… Those working at the station always have enough water and oxygen – there’s plenty of it both on Callisto and the other moons of Jupiter, like Europe or Amalthea.  Supply of foodstuffs is regular, too. We’ve mastered a cloning technology. We receive all the products we need right on the spot – on Callisto. On Earth, we have a well-established network of recruitment of workers. We use an abandoned space launching site hundreds of miles away to perform intergalactic flights. Our interplanetary vehicles feature a super shell preventing terrestrial services from detecting them.
I wouldn’t like to go into details of what’s happening at Arcas right now. I’ll give you just a brief description. Some time ago, there was a split in the staff. Some of the scientists left Arcas and moved to another moon of Jupiter, Ganymede, to build a new base. While working at Arcas, these people slightly (‘completely’ would be a better word) deviated from their original course. They began to study the human brain. The person responsible for the split was Ivan Dugin, a very ambitious man. He managed to persuade members of his team into believing they were an independent unit pursuing completely different objectives. Thus, the group of rebellious scientists left for Ganymede. Communication between the two camps was terminated. Fortunately, there were a couple of great lab specialists left at Arcas. They weren’t influenced by their colleague. 
So, eh… what was I talking about? You, as I remember, wanted to know what I have to do with Arcas. So, here we go. I am one of those three guys who opposed to Dugin’s plan. The management of the station decided that here, on this planet, I’d do more good to the people…
And Mrs. Klavdia… became an involuntary witness of one of our experiments due to an unfortunate oversight of one of the former lab workers. You know, we recruited a twenty-five-year-old guy half a year ago,” Eric frowned. Obviously, it was unpleasant for him to talk about it. “He, a very smart guy, was perfect for that job. You know we eliminate candidates choosing the best of the best, but… Now my partner at Arcas is double-checking the elimination program. After what’s happened to Klavdia, we can’t be sure of the old version anymore. So, when that guy was left alone, he decided to play with the brain scanner. He decided to go into the head of his cousin, the market woman, but forgot to activate the protective field. You know what happened next. Today I tried to delete the memory of the silver tentacles from Klavdia’s mind, but there was another malfunction. There’re just three of us in the human brain department, so the work’s going on at a snail’s pace. Oh, those guys who left for Ganymede following Dugin’s order were such great specialists…” the narrator complained.
“By the way, we have every reason to believe that Dugin and his team are up to something really bad…” he continued. “A couple of months ago, our phychoradar detected unusual atmospheric oscillations. This suggests that Dugin’s team’s trying to affect people’s minds. In other words, the guys are developing psychotronic weapons.”
Mr. Eric became silent. Pasha didn’t utter a word, either. “Maybe, you have some questions?” the man wondered.
“Yes! You mentioned a brain scanner. Can you read a person’s mind with it?”
“Yes. There’s one important rule though. It’s the basic principle of Arcas. We can’t use equipment guided by personal considerations. Practically, the brain scanner is to be used for just one purpose: to prevent people living on this planet from finding out about Arcas. To prevent the leak, we don’t inform our terrestrial agents about the location of the organization they work for. To be more precise, we make up a story for each one of them.
Absolute secrecy is guarantee of the station’s secure existence. This is why the personnel of the center have to undergo a brain scanning procedure from time to time. By the way, this was the reason for a split. You see, Dugin decided that the field of application of the Arcas brain equipment was too narrow. He wasn’t happy about the lab principle – a ban on experimenting on people’s minds. We can only guess what progress they’ve done by now.”
“What happened to that guy, the one who messed up?” Pasha wondered cautiously.
“Oh, don’t bring him up,” Eric replied with a heavy heart. “He’s been downgraded and now is working at a warehouse. He refuses point-blank to go back to Earth! He begged the Arcas management to let him work at Arcas. Otherwise, he threatened to go out for a walk on Callisto’s surface wearing no spacesuit! So reckless,” Eric waved his hand hopelessly. “After that, I began working on a device to delete particular memories from the human brain. As you see, I’ve got nothing so far,” he said.
“Okay, it’s enough for today. Now go home, your parents must be worried about you already. And remember, no one can know about it!” an Arcas scientist winked at the boy meaningfully.

Chapter 6. Hunters Follow the Trail

Waking up the following morning, Pasha couldn’t believe what happened the day before was real, “Bullshit. Mr. Eric’s lost his mind.” This is when the memory of the fading echo of Klavdia’s voice entered his mind and he became thoughtful.
On his way home, the boy couldn’t get the Callisto station out of his head. He was pondering, “Well, okay. Let’s assume the story about Arcas is true. Then why has Eric told me about it? He knew it must remain a secret. Letting me, some boy off the street, into this? I just don’t understand…”
Pasha was absent-minded in class. He gave out of place answers to the questions his history teacher asked him and almost got a C on a topic he knew backwards and forwards. 
“Lugansky, stop daydreaming! Come back to earth!” the teacher gave a reprimand to Pasha. She had no idea how accurate her observation about the location of the boy’s thoughts at that moment was. The young thinker felt a strong sense of relief when the bell rang.  He could finally go home and call Mr. Eric! Too many questions requiring immediate answers have ripen in his inquisitive mind. 
But Pasha’s plan wasn’t meant to be executed instantly. He suddenly encountered an obstacle – his classmate Victor Tretyakov. 
To put it mildly, Pasha didn’t get along with the AVG gang Victor was a member of. The inseparable trio Arthur-Victor-Gera was named the AVG gang on the tip from Elena Chernomorova. Since then, the friends haven’t been called anything but that nickname. Their classmates called each of them an AVG man.  Arthur, aka the AVG ringleader, should be given credit for his ingenious camouflaging ability and great talent to befog the truth about what the gang was actually doing. It must be admitted that many boys were aspiring to the AVG membership but the selection criteria were so strict that no new member had joined the elitist brotherhood in a year.
The gang’s assumed mysteriousness could intoxicate anyone but Pasha. The feverishly glowing eyes of his classmates who were listening to Arthur’s another imaginary story left Pasha indifferent. The boy preferred being alone to crowded parties with the AVG mastermind Arthur always in the limelight. This eventually led to ill-concealed hostility on the part of the latter. Pasha stubbornly refused to recognize Bogumirov’s leadership, thus engaging in tacit confrontation with him.
Lugansky was very surprised when Victor blocked his way. On top of that, the AVG man started a friendly conversation with him.
“Pasha, Anna told me you two are in the same fencing class, is it true?” Victor displayed insincere interest. The question didn’t sound convincing.  It was unlikely that Tretyakov, a boy Anna shared the same desk with, didn’t know about their fencing classes. The stupid question alerted Pasha even more. He looked askance at Victor, “What do you want? It’s a sure thing that Bogumirov has something to do with it.” Pasha disclosed Arthur’s unsophisticated plan without knowing it.
“So?” he replied spitefully. Victor hesitated for a second but then pulled himself together and continued,
“There’s just one thing I can’t understand. Why do you have a mixed team? Do you fight with girls? Do you?”
“Why don’t you ask Romanova?” Pasha noted maliciously. Throwing a caustic glance at Victor who looked rather downcast by then, Lugansky decided he’d gone too far and changed his tone into a friendlier one. 
“The coach said we’ll be moved to different teams next year. This is when it’s going to become more difficult and individual classes will start.”
“Can I apply? What’s your opinion?”
“Are you serious?” Pasha couldn’t believe his ears.
“Totally!”
“Then you should try a beginner group. You’re going to have to train with kids. Will you?” the fencer began to laugh.
“Eh… Can I be placed to your group?” Victor made a sad face.
“Do you think you can? You’re an amateur and the guys from our group have been doing fencing for four years. Yeliseev’s been on a regional tournament this year and took second place! Sorry, but you’re going to have to begin with tots,” Pasha summed up.
“Then I don’t want to,” Victor had hard a time keeping the ball of conversation rolling; he couldn’t come up with anything interesting. Pasha, on the other hand, as if noticing his classmate’s confusion, decided to be the first to end up the idle talk and say goodbye. Waving his hand, he hurriedly stuffed his textbooks into his schoolbag and dashed away from the classroom. In a rush, he failed to notice a mottled sheet of paper falling out of his schoolbag he hadn’t closed properly. It didn’t escape the eyes of Victor though. He jumped to the unattended note. Looking at it, he scratched his head uneasily. In the middle of the paper he was holding was a quaint inscription, “CALLISTO – GANYMEDE.” An arrow was going down from it connecting it with another inscription which was not any less quainter, “Eric – Dugin.” This was crowned with a picture of a spaceship surrounded by tiny dot-stars. Victor glanced at the door which slammed behind Lugansky just a moment ago, and put the note in his pocket. 

Chapter 7. Suspicious Online Meeting

The girls headed to Anna’s place after school. Their parents disapproved of such get-togethers and they had their reasons. As previous experience showed eloquently, “doing their homework together,” the girls ended up surfing the Internet, while their schoolbags were lying in the corner neglected right up night. That day, by a happy coincidence, none of the parents was at home, so there was nobody to reproach the girls. Their conscience was unclouded, because they were planning to spend that evening studying.
Textbooks and notebooks were scattered all over the room. This was where the girls settled. Sprawling on the carpet, Elena Chernomorova was chewing on a pen, pondering over the fact that algebra would probably never become her strong point.  
“Mrs Vera’s unbelievable. It seems like she won’t go to bed until she does a few dozens of sums,” Elena said, indignantly throwing back her beautiful black plait. Her annoyed voice made Anna realize she had hard a time doing a sum. Not paying attention to Elena’s whining, Romanova opened her history textbook.
“Anna, come on!” Elena exclaimed capriciously as she realized her friend didn’t feel like discussing their math teacher. “Does your solution coincide with the answer? Mine doesn’t!”
“Yep, here you are,” Anna held out her notebook.
Elena carefully copied the solution down and closed her exercise book happily. The boiling enthusiasm she had when she just started doing her home assignment vanished. She badly needed a break.
“Want to switch on the computer?” Elena asked timidly, implying another off-schedule Internet surfing session.
Anna gave her friend a reproachful glance. 
“Let’s finish our homework first. We’ll be stuck in front of the computer the whole evening.”
“Never mind. You’re a bore, Romanova, you know that?” the long-haired beauty pouted her lips. But Anna was not easy to break down. This was when Elena decided to change her tactics and sang in an oily voice,   
“Just half an hour, what do you think? My head’s going to explode!”
“Okay, I don’t mind. Let’s have a break. But we won’t touch the computer.”
“Okay,” realizing how vain all her attempts were, Chernomorova gave up. “You say no computer, then okay, no computer. By the way, tell me about that guy you made friends with in a chat room. Game…” Elena stammered trying to recall the nickname of Anna’s new online friend.”
“It’s Ganymede.”
“Oh, exactly. What a weird name… It’s a jawbreaker,” Chernomorova sniffed scornfully. “So, have you talked lately?”
“Yes, yesterday. He’s online not that often. He’s a strange guy. His questions are kind of stupid.” 
“Go ahead,” Elena became curious. “What questions?”
“Well, nothing worth mentioning,” Anna waved her hand. “About the boys from our class, neighbors, fencing classes.”
“Hm, listen, Romanova! Who knows why he wants to know that. What if he’s not a boy at all?”
“Bullshit. Forget it. Let’s finish our home assignment.” 
“No, Anna, I was kidding. Tell me more,” Elena insisted.
“Okay. You’re kind of right. He does seem weird. When I asked him why he picked that nickname, he said that Ganymede’s the name of one of the moons of Jupiter…” Anna lingered thinking about whether she wanted to continue and, taking a deep breath, added, “the moon of Jupiter he’s now living and working on.” 
“Ha-ha! He’s not crazy! He just has a peculiar sense of humor. And you believe him? Tell me, Anna, did you believe him?” Elena was being malicious.
“This has nothing to do with it. You don’t understand. It’s hard to explain. It just seemed to me that he… Okay, forget it. How’s your admirer doing, the one from the ninth grade?” 
Elena became thoughtful.
“It’s the same. He’s beating about the bush. But you know that he doesn’t have any chance with me.”
Suddenly, Elena changed the subject.
“Yesterday, my aunt and I were looking through my school pictures. She liked Bogumirov, can you imagine? She said his last name’s noble! As some legend says, Bogumir is a son of gods and an ancestor of the Slavs. Interesting, ha? ”
“Ha! She must be confusing things. Our Bogumirov is a son of gods? That’s a laugh! He’s a regular scamp and a snob. This is who he is,” Anna stopped short but she couldn’t take her words back. She saw a telltale tremble on Elena’s lips. Giving Anna a killing glance, the girl began to stuff the textbooks angrily into her schoolbag.
“Hey, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you,” Anna was prattling apologetically. Upon hearing her friend’s guilty voice, Elena realized she was on the right path. She didn’t want to blow such a chance.  She feigned offence for a while and tempered justice with mercy. She said friendly,
“Okay, I’m staying. Provided we switch on the computer and surf the Internet for a while.”
Anna didn’t want to upset her friend again, so she agreed.
Recently, a new computer network, funnily called Know-All, was implemented into school number forty, the one the girls studied in. It was a database that contained information about students, an electronic class register, and a forum to discuss all kinds of topics. Know-All had a bunch of useful features, such as school schedule and electronic wall newspapers, and provided access to personal accounts to view one’s marks, homework, etc. Implemented a few months ago, the network was a success. 
The school forum became a platform for heated discussions. An interaction survey entitled Do We Need a School Uniform? initiated by one of the parents was among Know-All’s recent hot topics. As expected, most students were against it, while the majority of their parents voted “for.” “School uniform disciplines children” was an argument they advanced. The students, on the other hand, didn’t agree, claiming with school uniform they wouldn’t be able to express their individuality. It was a hot discussion and both sides wouldn’t give up. The passions were rising and the number of comments exceeded one thousand. 
The girls stuck to the screen studying the latest comments. One of them was posted by Gera’s father Nicholas Balakhonov. In his appeal to the students, the man wrote about an absolute necessity to introduce school uniform. He emphasized that this would be extremely advantageous to female students. Reading it made Elena mad.  Then, Nicholas Balakhonov explained, “the girls pay too much attention to the way they look: they dress up, gossip about their classmates’ new clothes. This behavior excites envy in some schoolgirls and, on the whole, distracts them from studying.” Elena gushed with indignation,
“Amazing! Balakhonov’s concerned about schoolgirls. Has he forgotten he has a son? He wants girls to wear the same rags, wants to make us commonplace! So… so… one couldn’t tell Lyalikova from Chernomorova!”
Suddenly, Anna had a strong desire to tease Elena. She said with perfect calm,  
“Be careful, or you’re going to have steam coming out of your ears. Do you think you’re so much alike?”
Elena didn’t expect this from her friend. Naturally, she thought Lyalikova wasn’t even fit to tie her shoelaces. 
“I meant we’d lose our personality… Romanova! Don’t you dare tell me you’re ‘for’ this stupid uniform! I’ll stop talking to you!”
“But why? Do you remember Alicia Silverstone? She looks cute in a uniform. And those black-and-white boots are awesome!” seeing Elena turning purple with anger, Anna became serious, 
“To be honest, I don’t care. I don’t understand why make such a fuss? Nobody’s going to introduce anything yet. It’s just a survey. They only want to know our opinion, that’s it! I want to show you a website. It has some awesome pictures of models…” Anna began typing something on the keyboard.  
Her diversionary tactics worked and Elena calmed down. With her mouth open, she began examining the pictures of long-legged fashion models in mind-blowing outfits.

Chapter 8. The Greenhouse on the Outskirts of the City

Unlocking the unyielding door, Pasha heard the phone ringing persistently. When the door was finally opened, the boy hurried towards the incessant device. As if aware of the boy’s anxiety, a familiar voice came through, 
“How’re you doing, my dear assistant? Tell me, do you think our yesterday’s meeting was just a dream? Or even worse, you think I’m crazy or something?” 
Eric was in high spirits which was passed on to Pasha instantly. Plucking up courage, the boy confessed frankly,
“I need to talk to you. I have so many questions! My head’s going to explode!”
“I never questioned your inquisitiveness. Yes, that’s why I’m calling you. Come to my place in an hour, there’re a couple of places I want to show you,” Eric said in a mysterious voice and hung up.
Pasha showed up at the door of the apartment that belonged to an extraterrestrial station research worker dead on time. He had a recording machine with him just in case. This time he didn’t want to miss any detail. Naturally, Lugansky wasn’t going to secretly record their conversation. He wanted to ask Eric for his permission first. He also carried his raincoat as it was supposed to start raining by the evening.
Eric didn’t keep Pasha waiting and showed up a few minutes later with a broad smile on his face. He looked dandy-like which amused Pasha. He wore a grey coat, had a cap tilted backwards on his head and a black umbrella walking stick in his hand. “The very picture of a dandy,” Pasha noted but decided not to say out loud. 
“Do you have plans for today?” Eric wondered. “I’m asking because it’s going to take us a while.”
“Nope. Tomorrow’s Saturday, so nobody needs me at home. Where are we going?” Pasha asked cautiously.
“We aren’t going. We’re driving. To an old University Observatory at the seaside. There’s a greenhouse nearby which basement I turned into a server… hm, room…” it was unclear what made Mr. Eric grin. “Let’s go. Why waste our time by the apartment?”
The fellow travelers headed towards the car parked by the entrance, two pairs of alert eyes watching their every move.
On their way to the greenhouse, Eric remembered about a bookstore he wanted to stop by,
“A very interesting book’s on sale under ‘Medicine.’ It’s called The Mystery of the Human Brain. Published by the famous professor Michael Dugin. By the way, he’s the father of Ivan Dugin, the one who escaped to Ganymede. I wonder if the two are in touch. Is there a way to find it out?” Eric’s face became thoughtful. After a short pause, he asked,
“Do you need anything from the bookstore?”
“I guess not…”
“Okay. Do you want to go with me or wait in the car?” the man asked driving up to The World of Books.
“I’ll go with you.”
Pasha enjoyed wandering between rows of bookshelves, examining the books’ colorful covers and unknown titles. Sometimes, he would return to the store to buy the book he especially liked. Lugansky had never visited the medical books section, which is why it was exciting for him to read some of their titles, such as Notes of a Good Dentist or Bandaged which even made him laugh. 
Pasha discovered lately that many of his peers showed no interest in books, preferring TV and computers. Of course, it couldn’t be applied to their curriculum books they had to read regardless of their willingness to do so. As Pasha’s father would say, holding up his forefinger meaningfully, “Reading habits have been lost.” The indifference of Mrs. Solovei’s students made the teacher of literature very upset, but even she had no idea how to fight it. After a few unsuccessful attempts to influence her students and change their attitude towards literature, the woman could nothing but admit philosophically that “the new era’s bringing new values.” Pasha agreed with his teacher’s conclusion to some extent. However, he himself decided “to taste a little of everything.” The boy shared his father’s view on reading. The man used to say that Pasha’s peers who brushed the books aside involuntary narrowed their horizons because, obviously, neither the Internet nor TV, regardless of the flow of information, was an ultimate source of knowledge. 
Eric quickly found the book he was looking for, checked out, and the two came out to the street. Once they got into the car, Pasha asked about the recorder, but the question evoked no enthusiasm in Eric.
“It’s a bad idea, man. Everything I’ve told you is a secret to be kept under lock and key. What if one day someone gets to listen to it?”
“Oh, don’t worry about it! The recorder features a crypto module. Even if it gets into someone else’s hands, it will be impossible to listen to it without a special decoder,” the boy wanted to dispel all doubts.
“Shame on me. I had no idea such tricky devices exist. Who gave you this wonder?”
“Ah,” Lugansky waved his hand ambiguously. “A friend of mine. He’s a programmer. We go to the same fencing school. He’s three years older than me. Crazy about conspiracy theories; thinks spies are everywhere!” Lugansky grinned at the thought of the weird fencer-programmer, who provided him with a unique cyphering technology for a recorder.  
“You have good friends,” Mr. Eric said turning to Port Alley. “Okay, I’m almost ready to say ‘yes.’ Once we’re there, you’ll show me how it works. If it proves to be as good as you said, I’ll let you record the conversation. And now tell me what’s on your mind.”
Eric’s farsightedness didn’t surprise Pasha at all. The boy gave a deep sigh and said, 
“I want to know… why you decided to tell me about Arcas? It’s kind of risky…”
“You’re right,” Eric replied in a moment’s notice. It looked like he’d expected this question. “The fact that you caught me experimenting with Mrs. Klavdia can’t be a reason to tell you about Arcas. The point is that I’ve been having my eye on you, mister, for a long time,” Eric paused meaningfully. “Do you remember me telling you about the program to select workers for the station? So, preliminary analysis showed that you are a potential employee of the Callisto center. If it weren’t for that brain scanner accident, you wouldn’t have learned about Arcas up until you were twenty five. Full age, proper education and some life experience are indispensable conditions for each candidate. After a while, we double-check the person. If he has all necessary qualities and skills, we offer him a job. Naturally, we don’t disclose information about the location of Arcas right away – there’s always a chance that the offer will be declined,” Eric was watching the boy’s reaction through the rear-view mirror. “Your case’s different. But what must happen, will happen,” he summed up philosophically, driving up to the greenhouse. “But don’t be too proud of yourself. There’s another boy in our house I’ve been watching,” Mr. Eric continued, getting out of the car.
Pasha was quietly digesting what he’d just heard. His brain refused to believe that his owner’s future could be bound up with some mysterious station hundreds of millions miles away from Earth.
“And who’s that boy, another candidate?” he finally himself to speak.
“I can’t tell you yet,” Mr. Eric threw an air of mystery.
“Cheer up, colleague!” he changed the subject and said smiling, “You look silly. Although I understand. If I were you, I’d be surprised, too. After all, it’s up to you to decide which path to take. No one’s going to force you to do anything. But before you turn down my offer, think about those boys who dream of finding themselves in your shoes.”
Eric’s speech was so moving that Pasha began to understand all the greatness of his upcoming status.
The man beckoned his confused friend, and the two headed towards the greenhouse. 

Chapter 9. Ivan Dugin and the Program J-12

The weather changed for the worse by Friday evening. Accompanied with gusty winds, the heavy shower never stopped, not even once.  The torrential rain drummed upon the windows, and the drumming suppressed all other sounds. The local meteorological service announced a storm warning: residents were advised to remain at home.  The people wisely followed the meteorologists’ advice, keeping an eye on the roof to make sure it wasn’t torn off.
The AVG gang members were the only ones to continue their tireless activities under cover of the rain embracing the entire city. The operation Prowling Orion was picking up. Victor passed the note, the one that fell out from Lugansky’s schoolbag, to Arthur at school. This gave the boys a new clue. Arthur promised to think over their new piece of evidence and inform the friends about his conclusion in the evening. The boys agreed to meet at the headquarters at seven, but their plan was amended by the storm, and the gang decided to meet at a safer place that was Gera’s room. 
Arthur failed to draw out the meaning of the “CALLISTO – GANYMEDE” line and switched to the second line “Eric – Dugin” which seemed more promising. There were no doubts about Eric, and Arthur had to figure out who that Dugin was. It was also unclear what his classmate Lugansky had to do with those two. Bogumirov decided to put off unraveling the mystery of Pasha’s involvement till he met his buddies. 
So, Dugin. Arthur had an idea on how he could find information on Dugin, but he didn’t pin all his hopes on it. The boy’s father was an archivist with the Human Population Department. About two years ago, they finished digitization of the archives, which made the work of the Archives staff much easier. This was when Arthur’s father working from home using his PC became rather customary. This was a good opportunity for the offspring to take advantage of it. Friday evening the father wasn’t at home. Anyway, Arthur didn’t need him. The boy knew he could always count on his father but, in case Arthur asked him for help, the father would want to know the reason. Arthur wasn’t going to disclose the operation, which is why his parents being away (Arthur’s mother left together with his father) was most opportunely. The password for the archive database was scribbled down on a business card, which was lying in the upper drawer. Thus, nothing prevented the boy from accessing the information. There was something else though the boy was worried about: will he be able to find the right Dugin among hundreds (or maybe thousands) of other Dugins?
Arthur’s worst fears were confirmed once he queried the last name. The page listed a bunch of Dugins, from a mechanical technician of the third rank to a doctor of law. The query results: 349 persons, not including those under twenty. One of his query criteria was age: the boy decided that some greenhorn would unlikely be the Dugin he was looking for. “Yeah, I have a lot of work to do. Five minutes won’t be enough. Neither will an hour!” Arthur thought with terror, looking through the endless list of namesakes. He printed out the query results, switched off the computer, grabbed a weighty heap of papers, and headed to his room. 
He was dazzled after an hour of work. He ran his eyes over the printouts, almost loosing hope to find the right man. However, he had another option. He could distribute the papers between Victor and Gera. They might find something he’d missed. Hold on! Arthur’s attention was drawn to a comment to one of the Dugins. “Participated in designing the space program J-12 to study the moons of Jupiter from the point of view of their habitability.” The boy didn’t know why his eyes rested on that very line. He read it again, and it dawned on him: SPACE program! Of course! Pasha’s had a SPACE ship drawn on that piece of paper! Wow, if his guess proves to be correct… Arthur put the printout with the Dugin he found in his pocket. He looked at the clock and gasped! It was 7.10 p.m.! The boy arrayed himself in a raincoat and dashed straight to Gera’s house.  
The friends were about to call Arthur when the latter knocked on the door. Despite the fact that Gera’s house was two steps away, Bogumirov got wet. 
“It hasn’t been raining this hard for a long time!” he exclaimed, shaking large rain-drops off from his raincoat.
“Right. It’s raining cats and dogs. I got wet to the skin till I got here,” Victor nodded understandingly. Gera, who’d been stuck at home all day long, looked at the friends in mute sympathy.
As it turned out later, he, just like Arthur, didn’t sit on his hands. The boy knew something and spent the last few hours waiting impatiently for his friends to come. When the trio settled in Gera’s room, he told them heatedly about Lugansky and Eric driving off together in an unknown direction. He said the two hadn’t returned yet. 
“Ha. This is another proof that Pasha’s not as simple as he looks. He’s connected with Eric through some unknown mystery,” Arthur summed up. “So far unknown,” he corrected himself.
“And what I’ve found is even more interesting!” Bogumirov bragged, pulling out a wrinkled sheet of paper from his pocket. Without preliminary explanation, he read out lout,
“Ivan Dugin. Date of birth: November 7th, 1965. Finished school with honors, then graduated from the Institute of Hydrometeorology, majoring in atmosphere physics. Participated in designing the space program J-12 to study the moons of Jupiter from the point of view of their habitability. Simultaneously, conducted researches on the human brain under the direction of his father, famous psychophysiology professor Michael Dugin. Died in a plane crash in 1999.
Marital status: was married to Maria Klueva.
Children: Son Ruslan Kluev, born in 1988, currently lives with his mother,” Arthur looked around his friends, expecting to see a flash of understanding in their eyes, but Victor and Gera didn’t live up to it. They looked blank, as if refusing to understand what it was all about. 
“… So what?” Gera was the first to break the silence.
“What what? Don’t you understand?” Arthur was a little upset.
“No-o-o,” the boys replied in chorus.
“I was breaking my head over the line ‘Eric – Dugin,’ so I decided to make a query about a person whose last name’s Dugin. I looked through my father’s archives and dug up a bunch of people bearing the same last name. I’d been studying the names until I finally came across some Ivan Dugin, who was connected to the space program. It seemed suspicious to me. Remember the drawing on Pasha’s note?”
“Now I understand,” Victor slapped his forehead. “Are you sure this Dugin is the Dugin Eric’s connected with? I think we should study the whole list.”
“I agree,” Gera nodded. “What if Ivan has nothing to do with it? We’ll follow the wrong trail and get mixed up completely.”
“Oh, I left my other printouts at home… Okay, I’ll bring them tomorrow!” Bogumirov assured his friends, and the three began to discuss the Eric – Dugin alleged connection, as well as Lugansky’s role in this story. 

Chapter 10. In the Depths of the Greenhouse

The greenhouse pavilion turned to be small but beautiful. Fanciful plants were twining around the boughs, the color abundance was dazzling to look at, and only a sound of birds twittering carelessly would make the scenery perfect. 
“Wow!” was all Pasha could say. “I never knew something as beautiful was next to the Observatory!”
Eric was pleased with the impression produced. Noticing the boy’s sincere admiration, he noted boastfully,  
“Doing our best! I bought this blooming beauty almost for nothing. Nobody took care of this greenhouse after the University of Astrophysics shut down. Don’t you agree with me that it would have been flat blasphemy to bury it in oblivion? The old gardener who took care of the plants back in the day accepted my offer to stay. The old man devoted so many years to this paradise, that he couldn’t imagine his life without it. He’s a great man, by the way! Turned out he had a dealer’s eye and offered to grow seeds of rare ornamental plants for sale. You’d be surprised, but this business is relatively profitable. Although the gardener’s main advantage is that he never asks questions,” Eric said, obviously hinting at the basement hidden in the depths of the greenhouse.
Pasha looked around the room. Indeed, the gardener’s green fingers could be felt literally everywhere in the greenhouse.
Mr. Eric continued,
“We mostly grow perennial plants: orchids, tillandsias, tropical ferns…” he said, slowly walking along the path carefully paved with cobble-stones. “Here’s my favorite – the beautiful Lady Slipper Orchid,” Eric stopped, pointing to one of the flowers.  
“I like its name. It does look like a slipper!” Pasha noted, eyeing the plant with curiosity. 
“Exactly. Once, in the far north, Venus, the goddess of beauty, was escaping her pursuers. She was in a great hurry and lost one of her shoes. According to the legend, this is how an orchid growing in the marshes of the north acquired its name… So, okay. I guess it’s time to show you the object of our visit. You don’t think I brought you here to lecture you on plants.”
Eric went deep into the lush ferny brake. A click of a hidden switch could be heard. Eric came out and beckoned the boy to approach. Cautiously looking around, Pasha plunged into the bushes following his friend. He saw an access aperture which had a symbol "" inscribed above. The boy recalled seeing it on some plates of greenhouse plants. Lugansky decided to postpone questioning and quietly followed Mr. Eric down the spiral staircase. 
Mr. Eric had even a better surprise for Pasha in the basement. The “server room” he mentioned before proved to be an impressively large apparatus hall. This was when Pasha understood what made Mr. Eric grin speaking about the greenhouse basement. The room was literally crammed with computers, metering devices and some other equipment which was unknown to Pasha. Most monitors hanging on the walls were switched off, and only some of them were on. Arrays of command lines all mixed up with images of intricate geometrical figures were sweeping across the monitors in an avalanche. The continuous buzz of the apparatuses blended into a monotonous roar. The machines seemed to be working on their own: set problems, reasoned, analyzed information. It was partly right.  Pasha was captivated by the sight and didn’t hear when Eric called out to him.
“Hey, buddy, wake up!” the research station Arcas employee laughed, but immediately became serious. “Considering you had your doubts about me, I hope now all of them are resolved. As you see, it’s true. This is where I work. The basement is both a communication center to contact the Callisto station and a lab to carry out scientific experiments. Anticipating a question why I experimented on Mrs. Klavdia in my apartment instead of here, I can explain. The gardener put the greenhouse in quarantine for two days and strictly forbade entering it.
I admit I’m glad you’ve learned about Arcas ahead of time. The guys who’d worked here with me left for Callisto half a year ago. Of course, I often talk to the station workers via space bridge… But, anyway, it’s much better to exchange a few words with a colleague in person.”
Mr. Eric’s words amazed Lugansky. He wanted Pasha to see that he treated him as an equal, although, to be honest, the boy hadn’t deserved it yet. Eric called him “colleague,” as if the achievements of a seventh grader could actually be compared with those of an adult, an experienced scientist, an extraterrestrial station employee!
“By the way, I had to report to the higher-ups that you… You know…That you know everything.”
This threw Pasha into a greater confusion. Lugansky realized that he was on the verge of something absolutely unknown and therefore incredibly frightening. For a second, he wished that the whole story about Arcas was just the product of his fevered imagination. He closed his eyes tight, opened them, but everything remain as it had been. The greenhouse basement, the continuously humming computers and Mr. Eric were still there. Pasha used his will to overcome that momentary hesitation. What would the courageous man think, if Pasha’d told him about his fears? But the boy didn’t have to explain anything to Mr. Eric. It seemed that he didn’t notice Pasha’s confusion. Even if he did, he didn’t show it. 
“I have a meeting today with one of the managers of the station. Straus Genke. Do you want to meet him?” the man giggled, expecting to hear the boy’s refusal.
Pasha shook his head but, thinking about how silly he must have been looking, summoned up his courage and said,
“I don’t mind. I just can’t imagine what I’ll talk to him about. I don’t know much…”
“Don’t worry. He’s not going to ask you anything. Hello, goodbye, that’s it. He just wants to see you.”
Mr. Eric sat in front of a huge screen which was half the size of the wall. He picked up a control panel, which consisted of numerous buttons, levers and tumbler switches. Pasha was watching him with interest. A blurred image appeared on the screen. It was getting sharper and sharper, till Lugansky could finally discern an unfamiliar room. It was formal and everything there served its purpose: a long table surrounded by high-backed chairs, a projector and a white projector screen cloth on the wall indicated that the room was intended for meetings.
“I’m setting up a space bridge to the station. You’ll see Straus soon,” Mr. Eric explained, pointing to the picture which had just appeared on the screen. He pressed a button, and a loud ringing signal could be heard. 
“Ludmila, hello! Could you tell Straus Atlasov’s here?”
“Hello, Eric,” a woman’s melodious voice came from the emptiness. “Hold on a second.”
Pasha was excited to see the space station receptionist. Unfortunately, she never came in sight and the meeting room remained motionless.
“So, we’ll wait,” Mr. Eric turned to Pasha and winked playfully. The receptionist replied a minute later,
“Straus Genke apologizes for the delay and says he’ll be at the meeting room in five minutes.”
“Thank you very much, Ludmila. Give our best regards to Nadezhda!” Eric muted the microphone and leaned back in his chair. “Don’t panic,” he encouraged Pasha. “Straus is a good guy. You’ll like him, I promise.” 
Lugansky was watching the motionless picture attentively. Finally, something happened there. The lights went on and an imposing man entered the room.  He sat at the head of the table and put on it some strange device. Scratching his beard, he stared right in front of him, at his terrestrial interlocutors. Pasha decided Straus was looking at the same monitor they had. 
“Hello, Atlasov…” Straus faltered for a moment, seeing a stranger sitting next to Eric. “Oh, it’s Pasha Lugansky, isn’t it?”
“Good evening,” Mr. Eric replied. “It is. I wanted you to see him,” Atlasov tapped the boy on his shoulder approvingly.
“Hello,” Pasha said politely and became silent waiting.
“Hello to you,” Straus grinned. “How’re classes going? Having a vacation soon?”
Pasha relaxed, hearing his interlocutor’s friendly voice.
“Yep, in a week. Classes’re great. Going to have an academic year average of B or better.”
“Good job! Keep working! We need qualified workers here at the station,” Straus said in a didactic tone and broke into a broad smile.
Eric interfered in the conversation,
“By the way, Pasha, you promised to show me your recorder. Where’s the toy? We all want to see it.”
“Oh…” Pasha lingered, slapping his empty pockets. “I must have left it in the car.”
“Come on! Here’s the control panel. Go get it.”
“I’ll be right back!” Pasha grabbed the control panel and headed to the exit at a quick pace. Meanwhile, Straus switched his attention to Eric.
“Any progress on Dugin and his team? Have you decoded the nature of the oscillations recorded by the radar?”
Pasha rushed headlong up the stairs, so he didn’t hear the answer. Hardly had the boy left the greenhouse, his cellphone rang. He answered the call and heard his mother’s anxious voice,
“Pasha, where on earth are you? Do you know what time it is? It’s almost midnight!”
Lugansky looked around. The sky over the Observatory was glorious with stars, while the gleaming in the moonlight sea smoothed down. 
“Yeah, mom, I’ll be home soon. Don’t worry,” Pasha hung up. He took the recorder and hurried back.
When he returned to the apparatus hall, he saw that the monitor Mr. Eric was sitting in front of was turned off.  
“Straus was urgently called to the Astronomy Department,” he explained. “A couple of minutes ago, a satellite spotted a meteorite dangerously close to Earth. They have to destroy it.”
“What if they won’t?”
“It’s hard to tell. Here’s an example for you. At the beginning of the last century, the powerful explosion caused by the Tunguska meteorite flattened 7700 square miles.”
Pasha was round-eyed with terror.
“No, it’s not our case,” Atlasov reassured the boy. “The one we spotted today is much smaller. At the most, it will cause a crater, like the Canyon Diablo Crater in Arizona. It’s just some 570 feet deep. Nothing to worry about.”
But it didn’t calm Pasha down. He instantly imagined a 600-feet-deep crater which suddenly formed in his schoolyard. This was when Pasha realized the importance of the mission Arcas was fulfilling.  
“Mr. Eric, I have to go home, my mom’s worried,” Lugansky became uneasy, recalling the phone call. 
“Sure,” Atlasov said hastily, “I pack up my stuff and we’ll be off,” he looked at his watch. “Dear Lord! It’s five minutes to twelve! We lost track of time! Wait a second, I just have to make a backup copy of the server data. Go to the car, I’ll follow you!”

Chapter 11. Ganymede Asks for Help

Anna couldn’t sleep. It’s been two hours since the rain stopped and Elena could finally go home. All this time Romanova was trying to doze off but couldn’t, and the sweet drowsiness didn’t want to fold her in her arms.  Counting in her head was of no help, either (her mother claimed it helped people suffering from insomnia). After a while, Anna was fed up with it, got out of bed and sat in front of her computer in hope to chat with her wakeful fellow sufferers. Unfortunately, the chat room was empty. It looked like her online friends were all sleeping soundly. Accepting the situation, Anna reduced the chat room window and opened Minesweeper. Only two minutes of monotonous clicking made the girl yawn. Anna’s mind resisting sleep seemed to be yielding. Romanova was about to switch her computer off when she heard a familiar sound. Ganymede, the guy she made friends with the other day, went online. “Can’t sleep either,” Anna sent the boy a message. It took Ganymede a few seconds to reply. 
“Yep.  Had a hard day. Just finished work :-/”
“Vice versa. I’ve been turning over in bed for the last two hours. Can’t sleep :(”
“Hold on! Don’t go. I need to talk to you. To be honest, I didn’t think I’d find you here so late… Got lucky!”
Her interlocutor’s desperate tone made Anna uncomfortable,
“Talk to _me_? What about?” 
“Yes. Talk to you. And it’s urgent. I talked to my dad and we decided that this is what we have to do. Here at the station, it’s prohibited to contact people from Earth… But something happened today and I don’t have the right to keep silent anymore. Otherwise, something terrible may happen…:(((”
What the girl read was even more disturbing.
“Hm… I don’t have a clue about what you mean. But if it’s as serious as you say, I’ll help you, of course.”
“Anna, do you remember how I told you about where I’m now? I’m sure you thought it was a stupid joke :) But it’s true. I actually live on Ganymede. I hope you’ll see it for yourself soon.”
“Another tale about the inhabitant moon of Jupiter,” Anna thought and felt relieved.
“Yeah. You mean that I’ll have a chance to go to Ganymede soon? ;)”
“That’s what I thought. You don’t believe me… :( I need you to believe! And now listen to me. If you refuse to help me, I’ll be in trouble… What’s worse, not only me but also many people living on Earth will be in trouble, too.”
“You’re right. Only an idiot can believe in it! Tell me, do I look like one? Is this why you decided to make fun of me?”
“Hurting a girl’s feelings is all I want now, yeah.”
“Okay, then I’ll probably take a walk to my pillow. Good night.”
“ANNA! WAIT! NO HARD FEELINGS! LISTEN TO ME AND THEN IT’LL BE UP TO YOU TO BELIEVE ME OR NOT!!!”
Romanova put the mouse pointer away from the close window button. 
“Okay. But be quick 8-|”
“Thanks. I’m going to type in large passages, so I might not be able to answer your questions right away.”
“Oh… Okay.”
Anna put up with the prospect of a lengthy conversation. She picked up a large pillow from her bed, embraced it with her arms, and put her legs on the chair. 
“It’s unlikely that you’ll do everything you have to but, anyway, I’ll take my chances. Because for now it’s the only option. I’ll try to be brief. Are you here? Hello!”
“Yeah, go on. I’m falling asleep… %-(”
“I hope you won’t doze off while I’m typing? :-P Okay, joking apart! Here’s some events preceding. My parents worked at a secret space base Arcas some time ago. It was located at Callisto. This is where I was born and grew up. Incredible, hah? ”
“Where?”
“Callisto is one of the moons of Jupiter. I so happened that my parents and some of their colleagues had to move to Ganymede to set up a new base.  The team my parents were a part of came into conflict with old workers and had to leave the station. So, some of the workers left for Ganymede, while the others stayed at Callisto. Is everything clear so far?”
“Yep.”
Anna began to yawn and she couldn’t help it. “I’m glad Ganymede can’t see me. He’d think I’m rude,” the girl thought. “So far it sounds smoothly, but unreal. I wonder what’s he going to say next?”
“What space bases? Military?”
“No, they’re not military. The Arcas employees studied atmosphere and natural phenomena, as well as near-Earth space. So, Ivan Dugin, a very talented scientist, placed himself at the head of the team. Under his direction a research station Callirrhoe was founded and it still exists. I, along with other fifty people, live here.”
“It’s very interesting. And what’re you doing there?”
Anna finally managed to beat her sleepiness, and she became more attentive reading the messages of Ganymede.
“We study people living on Earth… To be more precise, we study their psyche and ways to affect it from outside. Do you understand everything I say??:))”
“Not really… It’s kind of complicated… :-/ Give me an example!”
“No problem. Imagine you wake up in a bad mood for no reason. Or, suddenly, have a strong desire to walk outside… It can be anything. We study human behavior and look for new ways to control it.”
“Interesting… Do you want to say that you can make me do whatever you want? Isn’t it what they call hypnosis?”
“Theoretically, yes. But practically we haven’t advanced so far yet. You don’t have to be scared of me :)))”
“You’re a bunch of evil geniuses! Can you imagine what can be done having such a power?”
“Yep. This is what I wanted to talk to you about. Here we go.”
Anna felt her anxiety creeping back. Romanova walked out of her room on tiptoe (not to wake up her parents) and sneaked into the kitchen. She carefully poured some water into a glass and quietly came back to her room to find another message by Ganymede.
“Until today, I’ve been confident we were working for a good cause. You know, any idea can be interpreted in different ways. This is what I was thinking: many people suffer from continuous depression and our findings could become a perfect substitute for antidepressants! The field of application of our discoveries is limitless! Unfortunately, as I understand now, it is ACTUALLY limitless. Ivan Dugin’s had evil intentions in his head from the very beginning. But I understood it only today… Anna, are you with me?”
“Yes. I’m here.”
“Here’s the important part. Today we had a meeting and a guy from the Crowd Manipulation Department presented a report on a successfully performed experiment. It was shocking. Mr. Borisov (that’s his name) claimed that they managed to arrange a protest of schoolchildren opposing mandatory school attendance! Naturally, the next day when the experiment was terminated, their ardor was cooled… But the fact still remains. The experiment on crowd manipulation succeeded. And that’s not all… ”
Anna found herself thinking that she didn’t know what she really thought about Ganymede’s stories. On the one hand, they sounded absurdly, but on the other hand… There was some sincerity in it. The girl suddenly remembered the school forum with its argument about school uniform.
“I decided that after we left for Ganymede, all contacts with Arcas were terminated. But I was wrong. Today Ivan made it clear that the Callisto base could interfere with us in the nearest future. They know about Callirrhoe and their management is very angry… And then Ivan said literally this, ‘probably, we’ll have to _take measures_ to prevent the Arcas team from interfering with Callirrhoe’s business.’ We can only guess what measures he was talking about. Turned out Dugin had an informant at Arcas. This man’s name is Ruslan Kluev and he’s a son of Ivan Dugin!!! He arrived at Callisto as a psychophysiology lab worker not long ago. When we were leaving Arcas, I was a teenager…  Over!”
“Don’t digress, keep typing.”
“So… I was a teenager but I still remember one very good man who stayed at Callisto. His name’s ERIC ATLASOV. Ivan said that he now lives on Earth, in your ci…”
“And?”
Something happened. Anna waited for a while but Ganymede kept silent. His nickname disappeared from the chat window in a few seconds.
“Hm… Internet connection broke?” Romanova waited by her computer for five more minutes but her online friend didn’t show up. With mixed feelings, she went to bed.

Chapter 12. Attempted Hacker Attack on Know-All

The weekend flew by. Anna would recall her conversation with Ganymede from time to time, and once she even wanted to tell Elena about it, but she changed her mind at the last moment. Chernomorova would be sure to make fun of her… No, Elena was definitely not the person to share that story with. 
That name, Eric Atlasov, seemed familiar to Anna. She remembered hearing it last week at school, when Gera Balakhonov discussed it with his friend. The boys mentioned some bag left for Eric in a locker. The more Anna thought about it, the more she wanted to find out who was hidden behind the nickname Ganymede. If someone was going to make a fool of her (this was the most likely cause), who was it and why? The key to that puzzle was a half-mythical Eric Atlasov. 
By Monday evening, Anna had conquered her fear of being mocked and decided to confide her secret to her best friend. Keeping it was not easy. The girl hesitated. Did she have to start searching for that mysterious Eric or treat it as just a silly joke? On top of all that, the situation was worsened also because Ganymede hadn’t been online since Friday night.  
Surprisingly, Elena Chernomorova took it seriously. There was not a shadow of mockery on her face, while Anna was making her strange confession.
“It’s very complicated… Have you seen Ganymede in the chat room lately?” she asked when Anna finished her story. 
“Nope. He vanished.”
“So, we don’t have much choice. If the AVGs know something about Eric, let’s start with them. Especially as our vacation starts on Wednesday. We can lose sight of the boys for three months! You’ll talk to Victor tomorrow at school… We’ll make up something so it doesn’t look suspicious. Well, let’s say… your father and Eric studied at the same University and now he wants to see his old buddy! When Victor blabs, we’ll find Eric and ask him about Ganymede.”
“Yeah, perhaps, it’s all we can do. I’ll do it.”
“One more thing,” Elena kept instructing. “Be serious asking him questions, and casual. Start in a roundabout way…” Chernomorova was slowly carried away, picturing the intrigue in detail. She put on airs and graces, and began making up a dialogue with Tretyakov,
“What university do you want to enter, Victor? I’m dreaming of becoming a singer. By the way, where did your parents study? Oh, interesting! Listen, can you imagine that my father…”
“I understand,” Anna interrupted her classmate. “Will do, boss!”
She stood at attention and saluted adroitly.
Having outlined a plan of actions, the girls said goodbye and headed home. 
A suspicious incident happened at the last day of school. At first, no one paid attention to it. School computers broke down one by one. It was reported to the principal that Know-All sustained a hacker attack which was followed by mass computer failure. The violators wanted to hack into the database containing information on schoolchildren, and so far it was unclear whether they succeeded or not. 
Even though they tried to withhold the incident, the information leaked to the students around noon. 
The alarming news spread all over the school with lighting speed, stirring the children up. One could run into a bunch of boys discussing the event during each break.  The unchallenged Arthur Bogumirov was at the head of the debates among the seventh graders. Learning about the attack, he assumed that the story involved a former student and well-known hacker nicknamed Banana. According to Arthur, Banana had been fighting with one of the programmers who designed Know-All for a long time. Bogumirov had a point, and the seventh graders grasped at the idea. Even Pasha who usually avoided the AVG gang had forgotten about everything and was passionately arguing with Victor.
Tretyakov was supporting Bogumirov’s assumption, while Lugansky disclaimed it referring to the fact that Banana had been working for a very prestigious firm for two years. His was reasoning, “Why does a former hacker, who is now a successful employee of a large company, need to risk his career hacking into school computers?” Victor had to admit Pasha had a point. He became silent for a moment, looking for weighty counterarguments.
“You don’t understand, this is a high-tech revenge, and a cool job can’t stand in the way. Besides, don’t forget that Banana is a pro! He was one hundred percent sure he’d cover up his tracks!” Victor said, inspired by his own quick-wittedness. The heated argument continued. 
By the end of day, things calmed down. It was their last class and Anna exchanged with Elena a meaningful glance and received a nod in reply which meant “now or never.”  Encouraged, the girl tugged at Victor’s sleeve and hissed, “I want to ask you something.” Victor raised his eyebrows with a dubious expression. Romanova noticed her teacher’s reproachful look and switched to writing. She scribbled in her scratch pad quickly, “Do you know where ERIC ATLASOV lives?” 
Victor was astonished by the question and looked at Anna again, in wonder. After a pause, he wrote, “Why? How do you know him???”
Romanova snatched the paper and answered promptly, “It’s for my dad. They studied at the same University.”
Victor smirked and scribbled, “Lie! Eric Atlasov’s at least 20 years older than your father.”
Anna got confused and tried to think of a proper answer. Chernomorova’s legend flopped. Victor couldn’t wait for Anna’s reply anymore and snatched the paper again, “Let’s talk after classes. I’ll tell you everything I know about Eric if you tell me why you ask.”
Romanova realized she wouldn’t be able to bluff her way out of it, waited a while longer sitting motionless, and wrote, “Ok.”
Tretyakov always thought critically and his classmate’s interest in a person whose last name was Atlasov alerted him. The chances of this being a coincidence were close to zero.  It looked like the mystery of Eric Atlasov was unraveling from the opposite end. Romanova kept the boy super intrigued, and he was shifting impatiently in his seat waiting for the class to end. Before the bell rang, Tretyakov figured it out that he had to act on his own, because he didn’t have time to warn his unsuspecting friends. “What a curious chain we have! First Eric, then Lugansky, and now Romanova! What’s the connection? I hope Anna will clear it up,” overwhelmed with doubts, Tretyakov put his stuff in the schoolbag hastily. “The truth is out there,” he finished citing a popular TV series. Confident in the success of the upcoming operation, Victor hurriedly headed for the exit.
In the schoolyard, Tretyakov and Chernomorova ran up to Anna almost simultaneously, which threw both of them into confusion. Romanova, seeing Victor’s reaction, stepped in, 
“Elena knows everything. We agreed to pump the information out of you.”
It was Chernomorova’s turn to be surprised,
“What? Have you… told him about Ganymede?”
“The girls knew something about Lugansky’s note. The fact that they mentioned Eric and Ganymede leaves no doubts,” Victor concluded. He hemmed contentedly and interfered,
“So, what an interesting case we have here. Now tell me what you know about Eric Atlasov. Why are you looking for him? But be sure I’ll know if you lie to me again. I have a polygraph with me.”
“Where?” Elena didn’t believe Victor.
“Here,” the boy tapped at his temple meaningfully. 
Romanova had to admit they shouldn’t have started all that. But it was too late to back up. 
“Okay, listen. To cut a long story short, I met a guy on the Internet who begged me to tell him about Eric Atlasov. This Eric can help him with some super important thing.”
“Ur, what about Ganymede?”
“Ganymede’s his nickname,” Romanova replied discontentedly and fell silent.
Realizing that his classmates were of no help, Victor said sternly,
“Anna, you’re going to tell me everything. I’m not a fool. I can tell you’re holding something back. Although, wait. See, Arthur and Gera are coming? They’d like to listen to you, too!”
Anna was startled,
“Are you crazy? What do Bogumirov and Balakhonov have to do with it? I won’t say a word to them!”
With her mouth open, Elena watched a sudden turn of events.
However, Victor was firmly resolved to continue,
“You don’t understand. It can be VERY important. It’s a strange coincidence, but we’re interested in Eric Atlasov, too. Let’s go to our headquarters and talk it over. You see, I trust you, we don’t invite strangers over there!” saying it, Victor jumped up to his friends and mumbled something. They stared at the girls with curiosity. 
The girls exchanged glances. Apparently, Victor left them no choice. He waved his hand and the girls obediently followed them.
At the headquarters, Arthur took over the initiative and continued the interrogation. Anna retold her dialogue with Ganymede in detail and a long pause followed. The boys were shocked. They were silently digesting what they’d just heard, exchanging rare glances. Elena decided to be the first to break the silence, 
“So, why’re you so quiet? Anna came clean about everything she knew. Now it’s your turn!”
Arthur shock his head thoughtfully,
“Yeah… Well, this is something… We didn’t know as much as you do, but after Romanova’s story, it’s clear now. We only knew that Pasha Lugansky (yeah, don't be surprised) knew something about it, too. Last week, he accidentally dropped a note with a weird inscription, ‘Callisto – Ganymede, Eric – Dugin.’ The same day, we found information on Ivan Dugin, which, judging by what you said (he gave Anna a nod), is true. Dugin’s biography mentions his son, Ruslan Kluev. That very guy Ganymede was talking about. That’s all… Oh, I forgot about Eric Atlasov. He’s easy to find, he lives in an apartment house next to mine. ”
“Hm,” Victor finally made his presence known. “Listen, Lugansky must be the Ganymede! I just don’t understand why he needed to throw dust into Anna’s eyes.”
“He’s out of his mind…” Gera drawled thoughtfully.
“Ha! If it’s Pasha, then he’s really crazy! Why did he have to drag in some Dugin and his son? Why was he looking for Eric? It doesn’t make sense,” the phrase belonged to an indignant Elena.
Arthur turned a deaf ear to his classmates’ caustic remarks.
“By the way, I forgot about something. Eric Atlasov carries out some strange experiments in his apartment. So far we don’t know if it’s somehow connected with Anna’s story…”
Anna, who’d never uttered a word, spoke,
“We have to talk to Pasha. I’ll ask him a few questions tomorrow during a fencing class.”
“No way! I can’t agree with you!” Victor got mad. “If it weren’t for us, you wouldn’t have found out anything! We should talk to him together. He’ll have to tell us everything he knows about Ganymede, Eric and Dugin,” he looked around everybody in the room resolutely. “Who’s with me? Let’s vote!”
The next second all the boys raised their hands. After a while, Elena followed the lead. Anna was the only one who didn’t support Victor’s idea.
“Don’t be afraid,” Arthur reassured the girl, “we won’t let anyone hurt you.”
Romanova nodded in agreement silently, and the friends, excited at the idea of finding out the truth, headed to Pasha’s home.

Chapter 13. The Old Observatory

The friends thought seeing all of them might scary Lugansky off, so they sent Anna and Victor to bring him. Luckily, they found Pasha at home. Their unexpected visit surprised the boy and he stared at them puzzled. 
“Let’s go out, we need to talk,” Victor began hastily, shifting from one foot to the other. 
“Anything happened?” Lugansky wondered perplexedly. A highly-stung Victor and a silent Romanova confused him. 
“Yeah, happened. Hurry up. We’ll be waiting for you downstairs.”
“Give me five minutes,” Pasha slammed the door, and the two headed to the staircase.
“He’ll be here in five minutes!” Victor announced briskly, once they came out.  
Pulling on his gym suit, Pasha was thinking over what could have brought his classmates to his place. Nothing that came to his mind seemed suitable at the moment. He was on good terms with both Anna and Victor (as for the AVG member, only recently), but their faces (especially Romanova’s) expressed fear. Putting his idle speculations aside, he ran to the street. He left the building and came up to his classmates.
“So, what happened?”
Without warning or even a friendly word of introduction, Arthur rushed to the mass attack,
“We know what you and Eric Atlasov are up to. We also know about that guy Ganymede! Do you want to tell us why you had to terrorize Romanova with some nonsense about secret research stations?” Bogumirov finished his blistering tirade and stared at Lugansky, waiting. His angry words produced the desired impression, Pasha got frightened and mumbled uncertainly, 
“Guys… What are you talking about… Ganymede? I don’t understand!”
“Don’t act like a fool,” Gera added with perfect calm and Arthur continued, “Come on, Lugansky! There’s no point in lying. Tell us why you made friends with Anna in the chat room! Why did you tell her about Ganymede and Callisto… and then begged to find Eric Atlasov?”
Pasha pulled himself together a little and tried to show how indignant he was,
“Are you out of your mind? I made friends with Romanova? What for?”
“That’s why we’re here, Pasha. To find it out. Still waiting for your explanations,” was what Victor, who had been silent all that time, said.
“And tell us about Dugin, too!” Elena added maliciously.
“I swear I never talked to Anna on the Internet!” Lugansky raised his voice in despair. Old Mrs. Klavdia, who happened to be passing by, turned to look at the children.  She shook her head with displeasure and shouted, “Not that loud, urchins!”
The clamoring crowd grew quiet. Victor kept his head and replied, 
“Everything’s fine, Mrs. Klavdia! It’s about school.”
The old lady’s unexpected interference questioned the wisdom of further conversation in the yard, and Arthur suggested relocating to the wasteland. 
“There’re no outsiders there,” he noted reasonably, following the nosy old lady with his eyes. No one objected and the children headed to the abandoned site.
At the wasteland, the attacks were resumed with renewed vigor. Seeing how violently Pasha was denying everything, Arthur decided to play his best card – the note found in the history class.
“I wonder what you’d say seeing this?” he said triumphantly, waving a shabby note in front of Lugansky. Pasha’s reaction was unexpected. He stared at the conclusive piece of evidence and said in a calm voice,
“That’s what it is! What a scatterbrain! My fault. I wonder where I could’ve dropped it?”
“Don’t play the fool! How can you explain it?” the pressure never eased, not even for a second. To Arthur’s great satisfaction, the resistance was broken. 
“Alright, listen,” Pasha gave up. “I didn’t want to blab because Mr. Eric asked me to keep the mystery of Arcas a secret. But you know everything without me… Although I still don’t understand how! I never made friends with Anna online, I swear. I think we should go to Eric and tell him everything we know.”
“Hold on! What do you mean ‘keep a secret’?” Anna interrupted. “Are you saying that Arcas really exists?”
“Yes, it’s true,” Pasha gave a tired nod.
“Do you have proof? It sounds kind of unreal,” Arthur thrust in skeptically.
“I mean what I say. Eric Atlasov has all the proof. But now he’s at the greenhouse…”
“The greenhouse?” Gera sounded surprised. “So he actually has a greenhouse… We thought people made it up…”
“Yeah, he does have a greenhouse,” Lugansky smiled, recalling his last visit there. “So, shall we go now?”
The idea was supported by all, and the excited crowd led by Pasha headed to the bus stop.
It turned out the greenhouse was locked, but Pasha noticed that the dome of the old observatory was slightly open. It could only mean one thing: the research station worker was preparing for his night observation. Chapa, who came out of a sparse copse and rushed towards the friends, confirmed his assumption. The observatory door was unlocked. Pasha peeped in cautiously. It was dark on the first floor. An iron spiral staircase was leading upstairs, but Lugansky decided not to go up uncalled.
The boy came up to the staircase.
“Mr. Eric, are you here?” he cried, with his head thrown back.
“Pasha? Come upstairs!” a familiar voice came from above in a second.
“Ur… I’m with classmates! We need to talk to you. It’s important,” the boy replied.
“Then, all of you, hurry up!”
Lugansky waved the others to follow him.
Sun rays, penetrating through an opening in the roof, lit up the observatory from within. The friends went upstairs and began gazing around in amazement. The setting looked phantasmagoric. Mr. Eric welcomed the crowd exclaiming,
“Whoa! That’s a lot of classmates! I see it’s something serious. So, take seats,” he gestured, but the friends seemed to have forgotten about the purpose of their visit. They had all dispersed all over the observatory and were studying its inside fittings excitedly. 
Anna and Elena came up to a celestial map hanging on the wall. Many of the constellations were familiar to Romanova who was keen on Greek mythology, while some of them, such as Musca or Antila, were new to her. 
“Look, Hair of Veronica,” Elena giggled, poking her finger to one of the constellations.
Gera and Victor bent over a strange device that was an inclined plane with a dial. 
“It’s a sundial,” Gera whispered expertly. “Be careful! Don’t break it,” he slapped Victor on his hand, reaching for the elaborate design, just in time.  The boys turned around to look at Mr. Eric but, luckily, he was standing with his back to them.
Arthur approached a telescope in the middle of the room.
“Oh, may I take a look?” he gave Mr. Eric a questioning look.
Eric smiled,
“Sure, but you won’t see anything right now. Telescope observations are carried out after sunset.”
Arthur continued his questioning,
“Why do you need an observatory? Are you an astronomer?”
“Well, kind of. In fact, my occupation is a little different… but I have to drop in here as well. By the way, guys from your school have their astronomy classes here once in a while.”
“Yes, are you going to make observations today?”
“Yeah, full Moon. Do you know that the highest tides generally occur when the Moon’s full? If you happen to be at the beach tonight, pay your attention to it.”
“Interesting… Why does it happen?” Arthur wondered.
“High and low tides are caused by the Moon. As a result of its gravitational pull, they occur twice a day all over the Earth. At the time of the full Moon, the gravitational forces of the Moon and the Sun both contribute to the tides, so they are the highest.”
This is when Pasha came up to them. His face expressed deep anxiety. He hesitated for a while and cut in on their conversation,
“Mr. Eric… here’s the thing…”
“So, what brought you here?” Atlasov diverted his attention away from Arthur and stared at Lugansky, waiting.
“The guys know about Callisto and Arcas.”
A long pause followed and Lugansky decided to break it himself,
“No, no, it’s not me, I never gave away your secret. They knew it! Some guy whose nickname’s Ganymede made friends with Anna Romanova on the Internet,” Pasha pointed to his classmate standing by the celestial map, “and told her about the station.”
Not shifting his bewildered eyes from the boy, Eric said as calmly as he could,
“Well, let’s sit down… I want to know everything, all the details, please, and from the very beginning.”
The boys sat on stools, while the others gathered around them. This is when Arthur told the story he heard from Romanova.

Chapter 14. Arcas Is Out of Reach

Once Bogumirov finished his story, Mr. Eric began drumming with his fingers. Banging his fist on the table, he jumped up. The man began walking to and fro, thinking aloud anxiously,
“Well… Oh, guys, it’s going not the way we expected… Ruslan Kluev, dammit! I knew there was something off about him right from the start, but after what happened at the market… Now I’m sure the Mrs. Klavdia thing wasn’t an accident. My intuition was right. The bastard was Dugin’s informant! Now I come to understand what our mistake was… The program to select station workers was designed under Ivan’s supervision. Before leaving the station, he left a surprise for us. He set up the program in a way so it would select his own son! How cunning! He thought through everything… We had no idea Dugin left behind a wife and a child! He never talked about them…”
Anna carefully broke into Eric’s monologue,
“Do you know Ganymede?”
Atlasov stared at her puzzled, paused for a moment, and exclaimed,
“Of course I know him! Peter Chuzhakov was born at Arcas. He’s a good boy, liked to hang out in our lab. This is where his father worked. It’s been so many years but he still remembers me! It’s good to know, dammit! By the way, guys, the protest of schoolchildren Peter told you about makes me think… The point is that today our phychoradar spotted some strange radio beams coming from Ganymede. I managed to neutralize them only partially. This time the intensity of the beams was much higher… Well, those beams were directed to our city. And, as far as I understand, it’s not a coincidence…  ”
The children exchanged glances, when suddenly it dawned on Pasha,
“There has been an accident at school today! Our computers broke down one by one. Maybe, the two events are connected?”
“But the hackers…”  Gera objected.
“I don’t believe in coincidence,” Eric shook his head. “I tend to believe to Peter Chuzhakov. Dugin seems very determined. Our task is to stop him till he makes a lot of trouble. I’m sure the computer breakdown is all their doing!”
“They wanted to hack into the database on schoolchildren!” Arthur panted out.
“Hm…” Mr. Eriс raised his eyebrows. “Very interesting. It can only mean one thing. Dugin’s son managed to communicate preliminary data about potential Acras workers to Dugin. So, they interfered with school computers to find information on Lugansky and Bogumirov!”
“Bogumirov?” Pasha exclaimed, unable to conceal his astonishment, and a belated idea came to his mind.
“Yes, Bogumirov,” Mr. Eric exclaimed. “We analyzed him as well and he fits this job, too.”
The boys stared at Arthur enviously. He obviously felt ill at ease.
“First of all, we have to report to Arcas about Ruslan Kluev. The guy must be dismissed immediately! Then we have to contact Peter Chuzhakov and think over a plan to confront Dugin. Sorry, guys, I have to leave you now. I have to talk to the station!”
“Can we go with you?” Pasha asked shyly. “Since they know everything…” he pointed to his friends.
“Alright. But hurry. There’s not a moment to lose!”
Mr. Eric grabbed the key from the table, closed the observatory dome, and beckoned the teens to the exit.
Finding themselves in the greenhouse, Anna and Elena decided to hang out there for a while, walk around and put their thoughts in order. Meanwhile, the boys rushed to a secret entrance leading into the apparatus hall. 
“What do you think about it?” Chernomorova asked, after the boys disappeared in the jungles of giant fern. Anna didn’t know what to answer and just shook her head in confusion.
“I think so, too,” Elena continued. “It’s crazy. Listen, what did Eric say about Bogumirov and Lugansky? Turns out they are hunted after by some people from Ganymede? Gosh…” the girl sighed heavily. “How did we get ourselves in this mess?”
“Don’t worry. So far, nothing bad has happened,” Anna calmed down her friend. “Oo-oof!” a howl of vexation came out of her chest. Catching Chernomorova’s puzzled eye, she explained,
“If I’d confessed earlier, before the weekend, it could’ve bought us some time!  But today… this is what we get,” she spread her arms hopelessly. The girls remained silent for a while, pondering over the situation.  
“Anna…” Elena began. The girl looked scared. “Maybe, we should tell our parents about it? They are grown up people and they’ll figure out what to do.”
“No,” Romanova cut short. “We can’t let Eric down. I’m sure he knows what to do.”
“But I’m not!” Chernomorova protested suddenly. “Anna, do you understand what it can lead to? We should call the police until it’s not too late!”
“Take a deep breath, Elena. We’re not calling anyone!” Romanova tried to bring her friend who was having a panic attack to her senses. “Are you sure that a cop will take our story about some space stations seriously?” she stared at her friend, waiting. 
“No, I’m not sure,” she mumbled, stricken by Elena’s airtight argument.
“In the best case scenario, he’ll think we’re crazy and kick us out. As for the worst case…” Anna fell silent meaningfully. 
Elena’s face expressed profound interest. Losing her patience, she asked,
“So? What is it?”
“Nothing. Never mind,” the girl cut short in all seriousness. “Let’s go to the boys,” the girls headed to a doorway hidden in the bushes.
Mr. Eric and the boys looked like they were at a loss. Their faces expressed evident notes of despair. Anna knew right away something was wrong,
“What’s wrong?” she asked Pasha who was standing by her side.
“We lost contact with Arcas.  Alternative sources are blocked, too. We can’t connect Callisto. What should we do now? ” the question was rhetorical and the boy spread his arms helplessly.
The girls exchanged quick glances but didn’t say anything. Obviously, the tense situation they were dealing with was turning into a disaster. The strained silence fell on the room. They all understood they had to act quickly, but none of them knew what to start with. The children cast glances at Atlasov who was depressed about the bad news he’d just learned. 
Victor was the first to speak up,
“Turns out the guys from Callirrhoe spotted the greenhouse?”
“Unlikely,” Atlasov reassured him. “They just blocked the signal from Callisto. They know the Arcas coordinate information.  If Dugin’s sidekicks had spotted the greenhouse, we’d have been in a big trouble. I’m sure Ruslan told them that there had to be some terrestrial station. But so far, locating the signal is above their head. It’s encrypted securely.”
Eric rose heavily from his chair and stated bravely,
“Well… It looks like we’re now dealing with direct confrontation. I have to admit that things don’t look so good for us. The score’s in favor of Dugin at 2:0. But we can’t give up!” he reassured the children. “We have a whole night. The station workers aren’t going to sit on their hands. I’m sure they’ve identified the failure and are already restoring the connection. 
If nothing happens within the next twenty four hours, we’ll have to try an emergency measure…” Mr. Eric fell silent without finishing the sentence.
“What measure?” Arthur voiced quietly.
“I’ll go to Callisto,” Atlasov replied unemotionally.
“Right now Ivan must be enjoying the fruits of his work, celebrating the victory at Callirrhoe. Hacking into the school database turned to be nothing compared with their main purpose, which is breaking all the communications between Arcas and the terrestrial station. But I swear on a bipolar transistor that it’s not over!” making this declaration, Eric lifted his fist and threatened the invisible Dugin. His funny gesture cheered the friends up. 
“If you leave for Callisto, who’ll take care of the phychoradar and fight off the attacks from Callirrhoe?” Lugansky became anxious in response to Atlasov’s announcement. Hearing the question, Eric immersed in deep reverie.
“You’re right… One day won’t be enough for me to teach you how to handle the radar… May the Lord strike me dead, why do I have to deal with all these problems at once?” he exclaimed angrily but the next instant managed to pull himself together,
“Okay, never mind. I’ll figure something out. The devil is not as black as he’s painted. We’re no fools, right? We’ll find a way to put those bastards from Callirrhoe who lost all sense of shame in hand.
Now you go home, but come back here tomorrow. I’m going to need your help,” the Arcas worker gave a wink at the children and saw them out. 

Chapter 15. United in the Face of Danger

The children gathered by the greenhouse by noon. Arthur and Pasha were missing at first, but when they finally showed up, their outfit plunged their friends in shock. They both wore field dress uniforms: thick khaki coveralls and army boots. They carried backpacks jam-packed with all kinds of stuff and resembled paratroopers who’d just landed on the coast near the Observatory.  Even more amazing was the fact that Arthur and Pasha came to terms within such a short space of time. They made it clear that they were playing the same game. Yesterday’s enemies were then holding the same views.  They almost became conspirators. Victor noticed that it was Eric’s announcement he made the day before about Bogumirov and his potential to work at Arcas, which played the crucial role in the newly established friendship. Tretyakov examined his friends’ uniforms and arrived at the conclusion,
“You two lost your mind.”
Then he waited for a while and added, “And where are you going, all dressed up like this?”
Arthur decided to ignore his friend’s mockery, while Pasha replied,
“Let’s go inside. You’ll see.”
Victor found Lugansky’s tone, as well as Bogumirov’s silence, arrogant. He looked back at the girls helplessly, as if looking for their support. But the girls responded by only shrugging their shoulders in surprise. They preferred not to intervene in an argument. The situation was critical and the friends weren’t in the mood for fighting about trifles. 
Surprisingly, it was the old gardener who opened the greenhouse door. The old man let the children in, giving a nod in response to their unanimous “hello, sir.” Without saying a word, he saw them to the staircase to proudly retreat to his orchids. 
Atlasov greeted the seventh graders in the apparatus hall with a barely noticeable nod and a smile. His tired face indicated a sleepless night he spent looking for ways to solve the problem. The room was in a mess meaning the work was in full swing. However, to everybody’s disappointment, Atlasov’s hopeless look left no doubts: he didn’t achieve results. The broken communication wasn’t restored. The failure of his night watch was confirmed with a phrase,
“Arcas hasn’t contacted us. I’m exhausted and I need some sleep. There’s a piece of good news though. No attempts have been made to attack Earth. Although, it’s just a matter of time.”
This is when Atlasov noticed the boys’ weird outfit and repeated Victor’s question almost word for word,
“Where are you guys going, all dressed up like this?”
There was a long pause, during which everybody’s attention was again riveted on the boys who were being suspiciously quiet. Pasha remained imperturbable, stepped forward and said firmly, 
“Yesterday, Arthur and I had a talk and made a decision. In case the communication with Arcas isn’t restored,” he gave a nod to Mr. Eric, “we’ll go to Callisto instead of you.”
“Excuse me? Why on earth would you do it? No one’s going to let you!” Atlasov who was very tired by then was losing his self-control.
Arthur joined in to help his friend,
“You told us that we were potential workers of the station, didn’t you? It means that sooner or later we’ll go there. And right now we don’t have much choice! You can’t leave the station, obviously! As for our parents, don’t worry. They were going to send us to a summer camp, so they won’t find out.”
“But if something happens to you… the secret will be revealed!” Chernomorova couldn’t hold back her anxiety anymore.
“She’s right,” Eric replied. “I have no right to put your lives at risk, you’re too… young,” he cut short.
Hearing Eric’s denial was insulting to Pasha and he flared up,
“You have no right to put our lives at risk? But what if they take control of people’s minds? You’ll have no one to risk and it’ll be too late to save anybody! Don’t you understand? Our mission is to prevent a disaster from happening, at all costs! Otherwise, I don’t know what’ll happen to all of us!”
“Whoa-whoa! Calm down, heroes,” Mr. Eric grinned. The boy’s ardor was praised, but the man still had doubts about the efficiency of such decision. On the one hand, they were right and if Dugin and his team manage to realize their evil plan, it will be much more difficult to improve the situation, or even impossible… But on the other hand, Eric felt he was responsible for Pasha and Arthur. No matter how he looked at it, they were under age. He would ignore this feeling on certain conditions. If the boys were his children, Atlasov, probably, wouldn’t hesitate a moment, but, unfortunately, it wasn’t the case. 
“In my opinion, it’s a good idea,” Victor muttered all of a sudden. His voice of reason encouraged him to support his courageous friends. “We are a team,” he added seriously which wasn’t typical of him. “As for us,” he waved at Gera and the girls, “we’ll stay to help you. What do you think?” the question was addressed to his classmates who were listening to him attentively. They nodded in reply unanimously, as if trying to show how much they liked Victor’s idea. 
Mr. Eric didn’t say anything. Instead, he rested his chin on his hand and began knuckling on the table. He kept pondering over if the risky venture was worth trying. In five minutes, the man jumped out of his chair, his face expressing great resolution. 
“So, you have a point. Maybe, for now it’s the only right decision we can make. Flying to Callisto is safe. I’ve been there a bunch of times. The shuttle service between the station and the Earth is fine-tuned. Let’s say you’ve persuaded me. So, deal? ”
“Deal!” the boys yelled in a rush of joy. 
“Then, let’s have an introductory class on flight theory,” Mr. Eric instantly moved to the opposite end of the hall, to an unremarkable opening in the wall. 
“This is a capsule of instant transportation to the space launching site,” a bright light flashed out over the niche, “or, scientifically speaking, teleportation. Yes, don’t be surprised, such technologies appeared a while ago, but for certain reasons they are still kept a secret.”
“Why? It’s super convenient!” Arthur was indignant.
“I agree, but you know what… this ‘super convenient’ device can bring all passenger transportation companies of the planet to ruin in a matter of days! Just imagine that there are no planes, trains or buses anymore. Instead, the streets are crammed with teleportation capsules. This is why they try to hinder the implementation by all means,” Mr. Eric became silent and stared at Arthur. “But remember it’s a secret and no one can know about it!” Atlasov pompously put his finger in front of his mouth and giggled carelessly.
“Understood,” Arthur played up to Eric, instantly making a serious face.
“I hope so far it’s clear about the space launching site. Let’s move on to the next question which is a flight. The shuttle flies by the autopilot, so you won’t have to navigate it. But don’t relax. You won’t be able to sit on your hands, either. You task will be to send a signal about your unplanned landing when approaching Callisto and inform the guys from Arcas that you were sent by me. You’ll have to keep an eye on the dashboard, too. When you arrive at the space launching site, I’ll activate my hologram and give you some instructions on the spot. Sadly, we can’t use the hologram beyond the atmosphere of the Earth. After that, you’ll have to be on your own.  Is everything clear?” Atlasov gave the boys a questioning look.
They nodded in reply with an air of importance.
“Guys, now I have to tell you about most vital systems. And you,” Eric addressed to the others, “have to draw up a duty chart for the greenhouse.”
He added in a commanding voice, 
“Make sure you’ll start tomorrow.”
The classmates were excited to fulfill an important task. They quickly moved to the opposite side of the room and gathered around the desk. Men-on-duty-to-be got down to making up a duty chart.
Without hesitation, Victor took the initiative:
“I suggest keeping watch in pairs, six hours each pair. For example, Elena and I will keep watch tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., while Anna and Gera will stay here until 9 p.m. We can change partners once a week, just for fun. What do you think? ”
“It’s okay but it would be nice to alternate day and night watches,” Gera suggested.
“Yeah,” Anna supported the idea. “And don’t forget that I have fencing classes every other day. That’s why sometimes I won’t be able to go on night watch.”
“Anything else?” Tretyakov looked around every member of the important mini-meeting questionably.
“What about lunch, guys? Does this place have an oven?” Chernomorova interfered.
“The question’s irrelevant,” Victor corrected her. Elena sulked immediately and Tretyakov had to soften his tone,
“Don’t worry. We’ll figure it out. We can always bring a kettle and a compact stove here.”
He diverted his attention away from Elena and addressed to the others, “So, any ideas? Then let’s start making up the chart for this week.”
The boy ruled a sheet of paper.
At the other end of the hall, Mr. Eric kept instructing Arthur and Pasha,
“The flight is put off until evening. Now I’m going to give you some important advice, then I’ll go to bed. By the way, you should get some sleep, too. You have a hard game to play, so have a rest. You’ll stay here overnight, adventurers,” he outlined a plan of actions for the next day and switched to explaining the principles of work of the spaceship.

SECOND PART: CALLISTO

Chapter 1. First Watch

Wednesday evening, Pasha and Arthur were teleported to the space launching site, marking the beginning of their exciting intergalactic flight.  
It had been over four hours since Tretyakov and Chernomorova mounted the guard after Eric, who hadn’t slept a wink for two successive days.  Atlasov put off giving particular instructions to the newly-appointed guards, because the boys were to be en-route for seven more days. All that time, the friends were to observe and check tracking equipment from time to time, and in case of an emergency or other unforeseen contingencies (such as automatic phsychoradar activation) report to the boss. Having given his final instructions, Eric headed home. “I haven’t been there for quite a while,” he gave a slack farewell giggle. 
Elena fixed her eyes on the screen of a monitor hanging on the wall. She watched a movie about an Italian mafia. Atlasov gave his permission to bring movie DVDs from home. In his joy, Victor brought his entire home film collection which, however, mostly consisted of action and horror movies. During another shoot-out which was accompanied with martial cries of the characters, Chernomorova began yawning uncontrollably. Not every girl is capable of watching a half-hour pursuit involving a non-stop shooting.
“Victor, do you have another movie? A melodrama? I’m fed up with this!” Elena lost her patience.
“Of course. Hold on a second…” Tretyakov exclaimed and dived into his bag looking for a DVD. “This one… Oh! The Clanking Steel, it’s about knights, you should like it. It has a love story, too,” the boy held out the DVD he’d just found.
“No, I don’t want knights. About those,” Elena gave a nod pointing to the screen that showed some gangsters chasing a guy, the main character, who was super unlucky, “you also said, ‘adventure movie, you should like it.’ Do you have old movies? Gone with the Wind?”
“No-o,” Victor shook his head guiltily. Chernomorova hemmed frowning and fell silent.
“Maybe, Battleship?” Tretyakov asked uncertainly. Elena brightened up and a shade of interest flitted across her face,
“Ha! I haven’t played it for ages. I must have forgotten the rules…”
“I’ll explain! Look, it’s simple. We draw up two square grids, 10x10. On one grid you arrange ships: four one-deck, three two-deck…” Victor snatched a sheet of paper and began explaining the rules of the game enthusiastically. 
Time flew by, while the two were playing the game. Chernomorova had grasped the point quickly and was sinking the ships of her opponent triumphantly,
“A five!”
“Hit…”
“A six!”
“Destroyed…” Victor said in a mournful voice and his face darkened.
“Ha! You ran out of two-deck ships,” the girl said spitefully, as if she didn’t notice her opponent’s distress.
“Stop talking. Make your move,” Tretyakov crossed out his last two-deck ship with sincere regret. 
“K four!” By the way, Victor, tell me about Arthur. What’s he like, in your opinion?” Elena stared at her classmate with curiously. 
“Miss. What do you mean ‘what’s he like’? B five.”
“B five… miss. I mean, as a friend. How would you characterize him?”
“You’re weird, Chernomorova. How would I characterize him… He’s a friend… A true friend. Your move.”
“Sure, it’s my turn!” Elena’s thoughts seemed to have been far away. “C two. I mean, is he brave or, let’s say, smart? You know what I’m saying.”
“Well, yes. He’s brave and smart. C two? Hit…” Tretyakov made scary eyes and paused theatrically. Chernomorova understood that she’d better postpone further questioning. Victor felt blue after Elena hit another ship. The game continued in tense silence, broken by rare announcements of the target square.  
“Why are you asking, by the way? About Bogumirov. Interested?” missing the target again, Tretyakov gazed on Elena suspiciously. The unexpected question obviously confused her, but she took control of herself quickly,
“Me? Interested? No, you misunderstood me. I just wanted to know if the boys would get on with each other. They fell out at school the whole time.”
“You have a point. Nobody could foresee the two becoming friends one day. But it happens, you know. ‘They came together. Waves and stones, or flame and ice, or verse and prose’,” Tretyakov cited a line from Pushkin’s Eugene Onegin.
“Yeah-yeah, I know. Opposites attract,” Elena nodded knowingly. 
“In fact, they are not that different,” Victor was reasoning. “They’re alike in many ways,” he lifted his finger meaningfully. “Let’s take the Arcas thing. They found common language so fast! Before I knew it, Lugansky and Bogumirov came to terms with each other!  As if no hostility ever existed… So, have no doubt, they’ll be fine,” Tretyakov calmed the girl down. “They won’t have time for quarrels. They have more important things to worry about.”
“I wonder what they’re doing right now.”
“Reading manuals, studying the equipment. They’re on an important mission.”
Chatting friendly, the friends kept playing Battleship. They didn’t notice it was time to end their watch and came to their senses only when they saw the figures of Anna and Gera lingering in the doorway.
“Our relieves came!” Victor exclaimed gaily. He stretched himself, warming up his members which had all gone numb. “How’s the weather up there? Elena and I are like in a tomb. Missing the sunlight…”
“It’s good. The sun’s shining and there’s no wind at all,” Romanova replied, looking around curiously. “And you’re having a good time, aren’t you?” she exclaimed, noticing a pile of DVDs and some silhouettes moving on the screen. “Was it boring here?”
Elena dashed towards her friend,
“We were too busy to be bored. We played Battleship. I beat Victor hollow,” she burst out laughing and glanced over Tretyakov revengefully. 
“No you didn’t! It wasn’t hollow!” the offended outsider protested.
“Come on, you don’t have to make excuses! Hollow, so what? It can happen to anyone!” she kept teasing the boy.
“Did you check the panel board? Maybe, at least for appearances’ sake? Or you wagged your tongue all this time?” the girl came up to the tracking device.
“What’s that?” she turned her eyes from the empty screen to her carefree classmates. “Where’s the spaceship? Have the coordinates changed?”
Unable to believe their own ears, Victor and Elena ran up to Romanova and stared at the screen. What she said was terrifying, but it was true. The green light indicating the spaceship’s current location disappeared.  
“I don’t understand… I saw… I saw them an hour and a half ago!” Victor mumbled in an attempt to justify himself. Trying to confirm his words, he poked his finger into the screen, pointing to a place where he saw the green light last. 
“AN HOUR AND A HALF AGO?” Anna screamed in horror. “ANYTHING COULD HAPPEN…” the girl waved her hand helplessly. She was overwhelmed with fury which almost made her tongue-tied. Victor and Elena were crestfallen, their eyes fixed on the floor. Gera caught his partner’s martyred eye,
“Should I call Atlasov?”
Receiving a confirming nod, she boy rushed to the telephone. 

Chapter 2. Onboard Perseus

After the rocket was launched, Arthur and Pasha had a few unpleasant moments connected with high levels of acceleration. Fortunately, a feeling of heaviness, which suddenly seized the boys, disappeared within a few minutes. This is when the friends had an opportunity to leave the cockpit and take a better look at their new dwelling place.  
The interior of their interplanetary vehicle Perseus was rather compact. It was designed to fly small groups of people short haul.  As for the boys’ journey, it was to be as long as three days. Perseus had three modules: a cabin intended for four persons at the most, a cockpit featuring an automated navigation system and a nook with foodstuffs that was kind of like a galley. 
First of all, the boys headed to the cabin which was to become their home for the next few days. Its interior was nice and it felt like home. All the shelves were thoroughly polished. Some of them were assigned for books, while the others were for different household utensils, and god only knows how they got there. It seemed like somebody wanted to smooth over the differences between an actual home and a cabin by decorating it with statuettes of animals. Taking a closer look at it, the boys found out all the miniature statuettes were fastened to the shelves tightly to avoid their floating inside the cabin because of weightlessness. Pasha assumed that the gardener from Atlasov’s greenhouse had something to do with it. The boy found lots of books on astronomy and cosmonautics. Arthur didn’t stand by idly while his partner was developing rich deposits of literature either. He chose an adventure novel by Jules Verne From the Earth to the Moon from scientific works, as well as History of Cryptography published in 1970.
Knowing how the land lies in the cabin, the boys moved to the galley. They weren’t hungry, but since hunger was a variable, Arthur insisted on finding out what the menu offered.  Surprisingly, it proved to be rather expansive and contained buckwheat, mashed potatoes, marinated fish, cheese, fruit desserts and even some meat delicacies. “We won’t be starving, that’s for sure,” Pasha noted, after examining the contents of their “fridge.” Arthur took a sniff in response – he was absorbed in studying the labels on plastic containers.  “Well, I guess this I’m going to leave here, while this I’ll, probably, take with me,” Bogumirov said with satisfaction, pulling out a few packs of chocolate bars. He considered a moment, grabbed one more and added, “This one, too.” He hurried to leave his provisions in the cabin, and the tour of the spacecraft continued. 
Perseus had no side windows. The boys had to go to the cockpit to see outer space. Before leaving Earth, Mr. Eric gave them instructions on how to use the observation device, so the boys could turn its eyepiece having no fear of breaking anything. This is where a radio transmitter was, the one the boys had to use to send a signal to Arcas when their spacecraft entered the atmosphere of Callisto.  Atlasov calmed the boys down, saying it was okay if they failed to inform the guys from Arcas about their unplanned landing.  He warned, however, that they wouldn’t be able to “avoid certain trouble.” In response to Pasha’s request to specify, Mr. Eric said smiling that breach of order provided corporal punishment. Seeing the boys’ faces fall, the man stopped joking. The truth was that right after the landing is made, the system blocks both the unidentified flying object and all exit points of the space launching site until all circumstances are revealed.  “I agree, nothing to be excited about. So I strongly recommend you to use the radio transmitter,” was the last piece of advice Atlasov gave the boys before the takeoff.
The friends studied all the equipment in the cockpit and could nothing but return to the cabin and get busy. Without a second thought, Arthur climbed onto the bed, put chocolate bars all around himself, and opened History of Cryptology. Pasha followed his example, with the difference that the chocolate was replaced with a fruit dessert and instead of History of Cryptology he had his astronomy textbook.
The days dragged on monotonously, resembling each other like twins. It was the result of the boys waiting anxiously for the end of their journey. Inability to contact neither Earth nor Callisto and, as a result, uncertainty were distressing to the astronauts. By the end of the flight the boys were literally counting hours left until the long-awaited landing.  The boys would return to the cockpit more and more often to throw themselves to the observation device eyepiece.  The silver ball that was Callisto could be seen with the naked eye. The second largest moon of Jupiter was gleaming in the midst of the dark cosmic infinitude, sprinkled with a countless number of twinkling cool stars. The friends could see outer space and it was magnificent. Its seeming stillness and absolute quietness were striking. Enchanted by the spectacular view, Pasha would sit in the cockpit pondering over something that bothered him only. The impression produced on Arthur was not as strong which, however, didn’t characterize him as an insensitive person. The static picture quickly became familiar to the boy, who always needed new impressions, and lost its charm. “I’ve seen it in movies a million times,” he would say, turning his head away from the view. Pasha waved his hand in reply, “You don’t understand!” One word led to another, and the boys were about to start arguing, but calmed down quickly. The conditions surrounding them, as well as the circumstances they were under, didn’t dispose to quibbling about trivialities. They were to accomplish an important mission and the realization of it made them uneasy. Doubts crept into their minds… Will everything go according to the plan? What if something goes wrong? Pasha and Arthur tried to not to think about it. Lack of self-confidence could do a bad turn to them, when only a few hours were left before the landing. To fix everything they’d learned and remove stress, the boys decided to rehearse the landing once again.  
“Well, let’s start from the beginning,” Arthur began. “As soon as we enter Callisto’s atmosphere, the on-board computer will beep. The picture of the planet should start blinking. We are to, first of all, turn on the radio transmitter on the required frequency; report about the landing; introduce ourselves as Atlasov’s assistants who arrive at their planet on emergency business. After that, we wait until we make a landing and get off the spaceship. Or, to be more precise, wait until they let us out,” the boy smiled.
“Everything’s right,” Pasha confirmed. The boys stared at the on-board computer screen to find out how much time they had left before the operation began. The time was running out.
Finally, it was the time for them to start acting instead of waiting, acting decisively. Unable to conceal the panic he was thrown into, Arthur ran up to the radio transmitter. The boy quickly found the right frequency, easily repeated his overrehearsed moves and pushed the Enter button. The oppressive silence came in response. The boys looked at each other in confusion. It looked like the first and the most important part of the operation was in jeopardy. They tried to contact Callisto but couldn’t.  Arthur was distressed. Mr. Eric was sure to think they failed to fulfill that very simple task! He began keying in the numbers violently again. ENTER! And… silence again. Bogumirov was wounded to the bottom of his heart.
“What’s wrong with us?” he exclaimed in despair, lifting his eyes full of suffering to his perplexed partner. 
“We follow all the instructions, I guess… Listen, let’s try adjacent frequency channels! I read in the astronomy textbook yesterday that Jupiter has a strong magnetic field that can cause interference to radio transmission,” Pasha came up with an idea.
A faint hope lit up Arthur’s face,
“You think so? The distance between Callisto and Jupiter is over a million miles…” he shook his head with distrust. 
“I’m telling you. I can show you, let me bring the book,” Lugansky exclaimed fervently. 
“Don’t. We’re running out of time. Let’s do it. It’s not going to get worse, anyway,” Arthur began entering adjacent frequencies one by one, and his third attempt was crowned with success. Suddenly, a crackling noise came from the speakers, and the boys, who nearly lost all hope, heard an unknown male voice,
“It’s Arcas. A UFO is within my field of observation. Who are you, misters, and what brought you here? Over.”
The boys clenched their fists and looked at each other with obvious delight. Pasha could read in Arthur’s eyes, “Finally! We did it! Hurray!” He grabbed the microphone and shouted out of excitement,
“We are Eric Atlasov’s assistants, we have an extra urgent mission to carry out at Arcas! Mister… Eric had to stay on Earth for technical reasons.”
“Wow, you’re a kid! Now I believe that your mission is extra urgent. Otherwise, why would Atlasov send a kid to Callisto? What’s your name?”
“Arthur Bogumirov. My classmate, Pasha Lugansky, is with me. We have bad news. Ivan Dugin managed to…”
“Will discuss after the landing. Out,” the connection broke.
The boys exchanged satisfied glances. Everything was going as planned. They fastened their seatbelts and the countdown began. 
… When the spaceship door finally opened, the boys saw two faces smiling at them. Those were station workers.
“Whoa! Look who’s here! Pasha Lugansky in the flesh! Well-well, welcome to Callisto, our modest abode!” Straus Genke greeted the newly-arrived astronauts. The man, who was among the managers of the research station, arrived at the space launching site shortly before Perseus landed. The man switched his attention to Arthur,
“And with you, young man, we haven’t met, but we’ll fix it, won’t we?” Straus squeezed Arthur’s hand in a friendly manner. Not finding a word to say, the boy nodded and smiled shyly in response.
“So, guys, how was your trip? Tell us! It’s no joke thirteen-year-olds spent so much time in outer space! Something urgent must have happened, if old Atlasov ventured to take this risk. Why are we standing here? Let’s go to the base, you must be starving! Canned food’s fine, but after a while you get sick of it, firsthand knowledge.”
Pasha wanted to object because the food was excellent, but Straus didn’t hear a word he said.
“First of all, we’ll go to the cafeteria. It’s lunchtime. No objections accepted!” 
After a brief conversation, the noisy crew headed to the exit, sometimes exchanging joyful remarks.
However, their joy was doomed to be interrupted. Hardly had they left the launch pad, a growing roaring was wafted to their ears. Straus stared at his assistant Rene in confusion, but the latter just stared back, just as confused. 
“What’s going on?”
The men rushed back to the launch pad, but it was too late. The interplanetary vehicle Perseus, which made a landing fifteen minutes ago, shot upward and, in the twinkling of an eye, disappeared in the jet-black sky of Callisto.

Chapter 3. In the TV Studio

Boring watches in the greenhouse ended, once the courageous space travelers reached their destination. It seemed like somebody gave the friends a brief respite deliberately, so they could tell the difference between the time to slack and the time to work. After what happened on their first watch, when Romanova and Balakhonov panicked and called Eric, who at the time was at home sleeping soundly, the friends changed their attitude towards their duties and became more responsible. Arriving upon the spot following false alarm, Atlasov explained that the fact that the green light disappeared was nothing to worry about. It only meant that the spaceship moved a considerable distance away from the Earth and the tracking devices were unable to detect its return signal. “I apologize, it’s my fault. I should’ve warned you about it. As they say, little wit in the head makes much work for the heel.”
Even though no irreparable damage was done, the watchmen took very conscientious attitude to their work. Tracking monitors were checked every fifteen minutes, strictly according to the instructions. 
The communication between Callisto and Earth was restored shortly after they figured out where the blocking signal was coming from – Ganymede. An emergency meeting was called. It was attended by all members of the Arcas ruling council, technicians from the Communications Department, Arthur and Pasha representing Callisto, while the four classmates headed by Atlasov were to represent the Earth. An emergency happened while the communication was broken. Informant Ruslan Kluev managed to slip away from Callisto right after the boys arrived. As it turned out later, the spy was listening in to everything the boys said to Arcas and decided to get out of the station. The man analyzed the situation and made the right conclusion: Dugin’s evil plan was disclosed. Staying at Callisto meant exposing himself to undue risk, so Kluev sneaked into Perseus when the time was right and headed straight to Ganymede. This meant for Arcas one spaceship and one warehouse worker in losses. As for the gains, it was the communication that was restored successfully and a spy who was unmasked. Chairman Alexander Lomov proposed a topic for discussion that was the plan of actions they draw up hastily. First of all, he advised Atlasov to improve the phsychoradar sensitivity and upgrade the Ganymede attack prevention system. It meant that Atlasov had to postpone his device to erase memories from people’s minds.   Eric objected saying he wouldn’t be able to finish the work in time, but Lomov promised to send him a couple of brainy technicians to help. Straus Genke said that since the communication was restored, they didn’t need the schoolchildren at the greenhouse 24 hours a day, but if they wanted, they could continue assisting Atlasov. Victor said “yes” to it in response. Finally Lomov ordered to contact Peter Chuzhakov, which didn’t seem easy to execute. The Communications Department workers promised to think over the complex task and present a project in two weeks. After the meeting, the excited classmates could finally talk to each other via space bridge. Victor literally bombarded the boys with questions about their flight and the Arcas station. The two described their trip to Callisto in detail; as for the station, they didn’t know much about it. They didn’t have enough time to get to know it yet, because it was only their second day there. Gera would clutch his head listening to his friends speaking. He was especially thrilled when Bogumirov and Lugansky were talking about the landing, when they couldn’t contact the station. Thirty minutes later, the classmates said goodbye and agreed to talk later, when things got more or less clear. Gera and Victor stayed at the greenhouse, while the girls left pleading a meeting with a local anchorwoman, but promised to come back in the evening. 
Exiting the greenhouse, Elena shared an idea she had,
“I guess I know how to get information on Dugin and his son. But promise you’ll wait until I finish!”
Romanova look asquint at her friend, whose ideas often ended in a fiasco. She said sternly, 
“Tell me, don’t keep me in suspense.”
“We can use TV to find Ruslan’s mother, Maria Klueva! We’ll ask Lesina to make a brief announcement on air. We’ll tell her a pack of lies, of course. We’ll stir up her sympathy for a woman whose son went missing… I’ll make up a believable story, don’t worry.”
“Yeah,” Anna hummed, recalling the story Elena made up for Tretyakov. Didn’t only Victor question its credibility, he figured out immediately that he was being made a fool of, “I know what a good storyteller you are. But in general I like the idea. We could really learn something from her… Hm… Sometimes, you do have good ideas.”
“Sometimes?” Chernomorova was getting turned on.
“I’m kidding. You’re just a think tank. Is it better?”
“It is,” Elena was flattered.
“I’m just not sure about TV,” Romanova cooled her friend’s ardor. “I personally doubt that Maria Klueva’s going to watch this very program. There’s another way. It’s simple and fail-safe. We should contact Arthur’s father. He works with the Human Population Department and he’s sure to help us.”
“You’ll be surprised but I thought about it, too. It’s not going to work. Before leaving for Callisto, Arthur mentioned that his parents were going on a vacation. As for TV, it’s not necessarily that Klueva herself hears the announcement. It can be one of her friends!”
“I don’t know… Alright, let’s try this,” Romanova agreed after a slight hesitation.
The girls were welcomed by a good-humored obese man who was the producer of the show about summer vacation. He liked the girls at first sight, because the two looked exactly the way he imagined the guests of his show to be. The man cracked a few jokes, sent the girls to the anchorwoman’s make-up room and dashed to the producer’s desk unit. His was lively which wasn’t very typical of people as obese as he was. 
The woman greeted the young ladies politely and began to explain to them what the show was to be like. Anna and Elena were to be interviewed. Renata gave each of them a list of questions she was going to ask, so the girls could think over what to answer.
“Just don’t worry. The show won’t broadcast live. If something goes wrong, we can always have a retake,” the anchorwoman cheered up the baffled-looking classmates. The girls nodded in reply and began studying the questions. 
Before the filming began, Chernomorova summoned up her courage and asked Lesina to make an announcement for Maria Klueva. The woman said she didn’t think it was possible, but Elena was so insistent that eventually she agreed to talk to the producer.  
The filming spanned about an hour. Closer to the end of the show, Chernomorova felt comfortable and was posing on camera. Anna was worried about Elena’s plan and was giving sidelong glances at the producer. When it was over, Renata kept her promise and went to the man to talk to him about the favor the girls were asking for. The friends were watching the negotiations with bated breath.  Luckily, the man like the job the girls did and agreed to help them, provided the announcement was to be made before the evening news. The girls couldn’t be happier.  The producer proved to be an incredibly nice and understanding man! Elena quickly dashed off the announcement text, returned to the shooting area and after the cameraman’s “Action!” began confidently, “Dear Maria Klueva! If you’re watching this, please, contact Elena Chernomorova at 555-33-24. I have important information about your son, Ruslan Kluev. Thank you for your attention.”
The friends thanked the producer sincerely for their on-air experience, but the man replied gaily, “Thank you! The show’s going to be awesome. It’s going to be on air next Wednesday, I’ll let you know about the time later. As for your announcement, it’s to be broadcast today, in… ur…” the man faltered, looking at his watch, “in… Whoa! In just half an hour! So, good bye, ladies! What we did needs some editing!” with these words, the TV man disappeared in an unknown direction. Anna and Elena said goodbye to Lesina and headed back to the greenhouse.

Chapter 4.  A Glimpse into the Life of the Station

Arthur and Pasha were accommodated in spacious adjoining rooms. The boys had no time to unpack, so their backpacks had been standing untouched since their arrival. New impressions crashed down on the friends like an avalanche. They would return to their rooms late at night, when the only thing they could think of was crawling up to their pillow, dozing off and sleeping the eternal sleep. 
After the meeting, Straus’s assistant Rene took the boys on a tour of the station. Rene, a former official of the Astrometry Department, was Genke’s personal secretary, and taking care of the newly arrived (which included explanation of general rules of the station, introduction to the staff and showing local “attractions”) was part of his duties. Rene wasn’t a beginner in escort service. As a true guide, he was erupting streams of prepared phrases about the station’s glorious past and present, always swinging his arms like a windmill. Mincing along, the boys could barely keep pace with him. 
“I want to draw your attention to the main attraction of Arcas, which is the statue of the Roman god Jupiter, known as Zeus in Greek mythology,” the man stopped in front of a sculpture, imposingly towering in the middle of the large hall. Its pedestal featuring the symbol “” stroke Pasha’s eye. The boy remembered seeing it in Atlasov’s greenhouse. 
“We chose it as the symbol of the station because, according to one myth, Jupiter was the father of young Arcas, while his mother was the daughter of the king of Arcadia, Callisto. One of our workers who likes sculpture created this statue using the material he found here at Callisto. The sign you see on the pedestal symbolizes the largest planet of the Solar System. Now, when the Jupiter’s installed in the hall in front of the archive room, we can say with all responsibility that the ancient family’s reunited,” Rene laughed at his own joke. “So, let continue our tour,” he hurried the boys up.
As it turned out later, Rene was in a hurry because of the disappearance of a worker of the warehouse which happened the day before. The secretary wanted to be done with the boys as quickly as possible to go to the warehouse to sort up the products to be brought to the kitchen. In case he failed to fulfill Ruslan Kluev’s duties, the whole staff might be left without lunch, which was fraught with serious consequences he didn’t want to think about. But as luck would have it, the boys started firing questions at him, so the man had to confess he had no time and if the guests didn’t mind, he’d have young technicians from the Communications Department take care of them. Seeing the boys’ puzzled faces, Rene shrugged his shoulders and proposed an alternative, that was “working at the warehouse all together.” The boys chose the technicians and, led by Rene who’d become rather irritated by that time, headed to the elevator.  
Quivering and droning monotonously, the steel vehicle was sliding down the levels of the research station. The secretary dropped Pasha and Arthur off on the first floor, while explaining to them where they could find the Technical Department. He promised to contact the new guides right away.
“The guys’re going to meet you by the entrance. Go straight down the hall... Although, you’re not kids. Getting lost at the station’s like losing your way in broad daylight,” Rene hemmed indefinitely, turned away and pushed the zero level button. The doors closed without making a noise. The boys were left alone.
They entered a scarcely illuminated hall with an endless row of tightly closed doors. The place looked like offices. The gloom filling it implied that it wasn’t designed for living spaces. Looking around cautiously, Pasha took a step forward, but Arthur stopped him,
“Pasha, the elevator’s gone? There’s just a concrete wall without doors!”
Lugansky turned around to look at the place they entered the hall from just a minute ago,
“Are you frightened?”
“Come on! See those blinking lights? The doors are just well-hidden.”
“Not at all. There’s nothing to be frightened of. They’re good guys. It’s not Callirrhoe.”
“I guess they’re waiting for us,” Arthur switched his attention, pointing to some figures silhouetted against the darkness of the hall.  
Mysterious persons in striking silver coveralls with navy-blue stripes in the form of the symbol “” proved to be the boys’ new entourage. They introduced themselves,
“Hello, guys!” a young man with a broad smile on his face stretched out his hand to the boys. “My name’s Alexey and this is my friend Anatoly,” the second man who had an athletic body followed his example. Pasha studied his new guides curiously. They seemed like two complete opposites: stumpy broad-shouldered Alexey radiated hospitality and seemed extremely talkative, while tall and lean Anatoly was calm and restrained.  
“While Rene, groaning and cursing the Dugins family, is working as a warehouse loader operator,”  this is when Alexey burst out laughing, while Anatoly hemmed slightly, “we, leading technicians of the Communications Department,” the man winked slyly, “are going to give you a brief introductory tour of the station. Rene kindly asked us… By the way, Anatoly, why did you refuse to take Rene’s place at the warehouse? Physical labor is honorable, if you don’t know! And it should be embarrassing for you, a young healthy fellow, to hang around the station, while an old man’s carrying heavy weights!” Alexey gave his friend a reproachful look. Pasha understood Alexey was joking only after he recalled the way Rene looked. The man was definitely not “old,” he was in his fifties. 
“Alexey, the apple of my eye, how long have you been feeling sympathy for the pain-in-the-neck Nilsson? You still have a chance to show your loyalty. Poor Rene must be running around the warehouse looking for the loader driving instruction,” Anatoly was parrying calmly. It seemed that this way of speaking was commonly used by the young wisecrackers. Alexey noticed his friend’s counterargument and, without further ado, switched to the boys,
“I bet Nilsson’s already taken you to the statue of Jupiter, the one standing at the entrance to the archive room?”
“Yeah,” Arthur answered, “but we haven’t been inside the room. Rene said he had no time and if we wanted, we could go there any time.”
“Shame on him! Nilsson brushing guests of the station aside is a rare thing! But what can we do about it? He’s working hard to do good to us. He was hurrying to his new job. We can forgive him,” Alexey had a sorrowful expression on his face. “On the way here, Anatoly and I had a talk and decided to show you a place old Nilsson never does. So… Attention! Drum roll!” the young man began slapping himself on his stomach enthusiastically. He threw his right arm up, put his left leg aside, and shouted, “Old Porphyry’s nook!”
Indulgently watching his friend fooling around, Anatoly added briskly,
“This is where Porphyry works. He’s a highly respected worker of Arcas. He repairs old iron. We call on him once in a while during breaks to have a chat. Its atmosphere… well, it’s special,” the man waved his hand. “You’ll see it for yourself. Let’s go.”
Arthur and Pasha both walked further down the hall, obediently following the new guides.

Chapter 5. Maria Klueva

Victor’s eyes flashed viciously at the sight of the girls walking down the apparatus hall. Hardly had they come closer, when Tretyakov gave vent to his anger, addressing unsuspecting Elena, 
“Chernomorova? Are you insane?”
The girls looked at each other perplexedly. Victor’s behavior was exceptionally defiant. 
“Tretyakov, what’s wrong with you?” Anna was turning her eyes from Victor to Elena and back, trying to figure out what provoked her classmate’s sudden anger. 
“With me? You’d better ask your friend Elena…” a phone call interrupted Victor’s tirade. Gera picked up the phone with a set expression on his face. After a while, he replied calmly, “Yes, it’s the zoo. The elephant asked not to bother him anymore.” Elena giggled. The boy hung up and turned to his classmates, curious to find out what was going to happen next. 
“What’s wrong with me?” Victor jerked to point towards Gera. “The phone wouldn’t stop ringing! People keep calling, asking to talk to Chernomorova. And now some kids began making prank calls, ‘Hello, is it the laundry?’ ‘Hello, is it the cafeteria? Blah-blah-blah’,” Tretyakov mimicked little pranksters twanging. “Have you put an ad in a paper? You could’ve given your number at least! Why’re you so selfish? You’re not the one to keep watch here!” he was lecturing his classmate.
Anna began to understand why all those calls were made,
“Hold on! Elena, which number did you give in your announcement?”
“This one,” Chernomorova answered in a whining voice. “I thought there was no point giving my home number because I spend most of the time away from home…  and my cell phone doesn’t work here in the basement, no network coverage!”
“You did the right thing,” Romanova reassured her friend and addressed Victor,
“Chill out, Tretyakov. We can explain.”
Victor folded his arms and fixed his eyes on Anna, waiting.
“We made an on-air announcement for Maria Klueva. We asked her to contact us as soon as possible. We promised to give her important information about her son.
“I wonder,” Victor said teasingly, “what information you’re going to give her? Mr. Eric strictly prohibited us from blabbering about Arcas. I hope you remember it!”
“We do! Who do you think we are? We aren’t looking for Klueva to tell her about Ruslan, we’re looking for her to find out more about him… And Ivan Dugin, if we’re lucky enough.”
“Wait,” Victor interrupted. “What’re you going to do when the time comes for you to answer for your words? Are you going to say it was a joke and you have no idea where he is? And then you’ll ask Klueva to tell you about Ruslan?”
“Of course, not!” Elena stood up for her own plan. “We’ll say that Ruslan, according to the information we have, is working for a secret research station. We won’t say a word about Ganymede or Callisto. In other words, it’s going to be a half-truth. I mean, it’ll be truth, just not all of it. What do you think?”
“Not the greatest idea I’ve ever heard,” Victor still hesitated. “We have to be super careful with her. First of all, we don’t know if she’s playing the same game as her husband. Or, vice versa, she may be unaware of his doings. We have to think of a good story beforehand. Our purpose is to pump the right information out of her, but we can’t ask her point-blank, we should do it as if between things.”
It looked like the boy began to support the girls’ plan. 
“Exactly,” Gera interfered in the discussion. “I have an idea.”
The friends surrounded the table and Tretyakov began writing something down.
Victor was quickly carried away and a phone call gave him a start. He gave a nod to Chernomorova authoritatively, so she answered the phone.
“Hello,” Elena picked up the receiver. “Oh, is it really you?” she jumped with joy. “To be honest, I didn’t hope… I agree, we have to meet. But where? Maybe…” Elena covered the receiver with her palm and whispered to her friends,
“KLU-E-VA! Should I tell her to come over?”
Victor made a scary face and hissed angrily,
“No way! Tell her to come to…”
Elena didn’t wait until he finished and pressed the phone against her ear,
“What? Your place? Perfect. I’m fine with it. Okay. I’ll be in an hour. See you!” Chernomorova hung up and said in an excited voice,
“We agreed to meet at her place in an hour. She lives at 8, Flower Boulevard. Who wants to join me?”
“I do!” the classmates exclaimed unanimously. 
“All four of us will go?” Elena was confused.
“No, that won’t do,” Tretyakov objected. “We can’t leave the apparatus hall unwatched. Two of us will go to Klueva, while the other two will stay here,” he announced confidently.  
“Who’s going where?” Balakhonov wondered.
“Let’s do it this way. Elena and I will go to Flower Boulevard and Anna and you’ll stay. Elena’s going to need a man with her,” the boy noted. “If something goes wrong, I will always change the subject.”
“Well…” Gera gave a deep sigh, “it means I’m not a man… Okay…”
“Come on, that’s not what I mean. You are easy to confuse, but you should be in full control of the situation,” Victor explained. “You know Elena…” he continued insinuatingly. “This girl,” Tretyakov gave Chernomorova a revengeful glance, “blurts out things without thinking.”
Elena sniffed scornfully but didn’t say a word back.
Balakhonov waved his hand submissively.
Maria Klueva lived in an old apartment building. Her windows faced Park of Hopes. Victor pushed open the heavy entrance oak door. He made way for Chernomorova and followed her.  Walking up to the third floor, the friends heard a sound of ungreased door hinges. Shifting from one foot to the other, the cordial hostess was waiting for them by the door of her apartment. 
“Hello, Elena! You’re so punctual, it’s six sharp. I see you’ve brought a friend…” the woman said perplexedly, seeing Victor rising up from behind Elena’s back. She seemed nice.
“Good evening, Maria. This is Victor, my classmate,” Tretyakov bowed his head politely.
“Actually, he knows about your son. And I’m just a mediator…” Elena was playing her role with great talent. Victor noted that he hadn’t seen Chernomorova so serious and prudent. 
“Sounds intriguing. Well, come on in. Make yourselves at home,” Maria let the classmates in. “While you’re taking off your shoes, I’ll set the table with an extra cup. I hope you like tea!” saying this, the nimble woman disappeared behind the door. 
While the hostess was bustling about in the kitchen, the friends went to the sitting room and began studying its interior. Elena saw a couple of framed pictures on a shelf and came closer. One of them depicted a young couple: a man embracing a laughing woman (Chernomorova recognized Maria); while in the other picture was a young man in an elegant classic suit. 
“It’s Ruslan at his prom,” Klueva said entering the room and noticing what the girl’s eyes were directed on. “Seat down to table, dear guests,” she continued. “I made an apple pie for you.”
Victor and Elena sat down on a striped couch the table was moved up to. 
“Help yourselves,” Maria held out a plate with sweets. “Guys…” she hesitated for a moment. “You may think I’m rude but I can’t wait to hear the news about my son.”
“No-no-no, we understand…” Elena was confused, “you’re his mother and you’re worried about your son. It can’t be rude,” with his mouth full of food, Victor could only nod in agreement.
“The thing is,” Klueva continued, “Ruslan disappeared a while ago. I haven’t heard from him for three months. It’s driving me crazy! I haven’t called the police yet, but I should admit I’m just a bundle of nerves… The only reason I haven’t done it yet is Ruslan’s grandfather. He’s sure my son’s fine and he’ll contact me soon. Perhaps, I’ve been too suspicious lately, but it seems to me that Michael knows more than he says. Nevertheless, your announcement, Elena, was a sight for sore eyes! I’d be happy to know why my father-in-low is so confident. I’m personally out of my wits with worry!” the woman was obviously anxious. She wasn’t shamming.
The woman’s touching confession filled Elena with enthusiasm. Without knowing it, Klueva played up to Elena, so she began,  
“Rumors reached my mother that you’re looking for your son,” she was evasive and deliberately mentioned no names, “that’s why we’re here. The point is…” Elena paused, collecting her thoughts, “a month ago, Victor’s father visited a secret research base. They conduct space research there.” Elena stared at Tretyakov intending to “pass the baton,” but was clearly given to understand that she had to do it on her own, so she continued, 
“Two days ago he… I mean Victor’s father mentioned a secret object where a young man named Ruslan worked,” Elena remembered the picture of Ruslan Kluev she’d just seen. “They got into a conversation and Ruslan told him a bunch of interesting stuff.”
“You know, Elena,” the woman interrupted, “I’m not surprised. I even expected something like this to happen, because Ruslan studies at the Institute of Cosmonautics. Against his grandfather’s wishes, the son followed the trade of his father who devoted the biggest part of his life to space programs. Michael was very disappointed, – by the way, he’s a distinguished psychophysiology professor – but he couldn’t subdue his obstinacy. Ruslan refused to go into medicine and devoted his whole life to cosmonautics. So I’m not surprised at his current location. But, please, continue. I’m all attention.”
“Your son admitted that he’d given up his studies without his mother’s knowledge,” Elena was telling the truth. What institute was the woman talking about, considering the fact that Ruslan was at Callisto? “He can’t contact you for a reason.”
“God bless you! You can’t know how much I’m thankful for what you’ve said!” Maria exclaimed, overwhelmed by emotions. “A weight seems to fall off my shoulders! My father-in-law was so right when he asked me to wait a little with the police. Perhaps, he really has to lie low. It must have something to do with his job…” the woman sighed sadly. “I wish he didn’t make the same mistakes his father did. I hope he’ll know when to stop. A secret research station, space research… we’ve been through all this already,” Maria’s looked sorrowful. 
Victor moved a little forward, expecting to hear something important,
“What happened to Ruslan’s father?”
The woman covered her face with her hands and didn’t answer. She kept silent for a while, but then pulled herself together,
“I was told Ivan died in a plane crash, when Ruslan turned thirteen. But the truth was that my husband worked at a research station outside Earth,” Elena and Victor feigned amazement, while the woman continued, “After a while, they decided to shut down the station and evacuate the staff. But something went wrong and their spaceship exploded on the way to Earth,” the classmates were looking at Maria in confusion. They had mixed feelings. On the one hand, they felt sympathy for the poor woman who lost her husband. On the other hand, they wanted to alleviate her distress by telling her about what really happened to Ivan Dugin. 
“I still doubt it was an accident. I believe somebody just didn’t want them to come back… Now you understand why I wish my son had a different future,” the woman finished her story with tears in her eyes.
“Well…” Victor drawled, “have you tried to find out the truth? The real reason of his death?”
“At first, I did. But Michael talked me out of it. He’s right. Nobody would ever tell me anything. My excessive persistence could only create problems for me, but I had a son to take care of.”
“I understand,” Tretyakov said thoughtfully. “Of course, Mr. Michael’s right but he, as a scientist, is sure to have connections…”
“Now I remember,” Klueva’s face changed, “how amazingly indifferent he was about his son’s fate! He tried to feign grief and suffering but the problem is that Michel’s a terrible actor. I know him all to pieces. There was not a hint of sorrow in his eyes and his head remained clear. However, he’s a scientist and these people tend to hide their feelings deep inside. The realization of it calmed me down.”
Victor was pondering over what he’d just head and the only logical conclusion that came to his mind was that the psychophysiology professor knew that his son was alive. This was the only explanation for his strange reaction to Ivan Dugin’s death. Noticing that the boy wasn’t going to help the conversation on, Elena took the initiative,
“Maria, I think you need to speak your heart to your father-in-law.”
“Maybe, you’re right, Elena!” Klueva brightened up. “But Michael’s been reserved lately. He spends all his time in the lab, claiming to work on something very important…”
“I’m sure you’ll find what to talk about!”
Coming to his senses, Victor slapped himself on his knees. He was intent on showing it was time for them to go, “Maria, sorry but we have to go. You have Elena’s number in case you want to call her,” the boy got up from the couch and gave a friendly smile to the hostess. 
“Are you leaving already? I’ll walk you to the door. And thank you very much for the information about my son again!” the woman followed the children to the hall.
Exiting the building, Victor mumbled thoughtfully,
“Looks like we have a new character…” catching Elena’s questionable look, he added, 
“Michael Dugin.”

Chapter 6. Porphyry’s Nook

It was a long way to go, as Porphyry’s nook was located at the opposite end of the first level and was barely noticeable. It was so difficult to get there, that Pasha would never dare to do it on his own. The boy shared his observation with Arthur and received a nod of approval in response. Bogumirov held the same opinion on the trajectory complexity. 
When the door flew open, Lugansky was as astonished as he was when he first visited the greenhouse basement.  The spacious hall of Porphyry’s nook was choked up with half-destroyed devices and barely resembled a tiny hovel, the image of which came to the mind of any person who hears the word “nook.” A figure of an old man bending over a pile of scattered parts could be distinguished behind the heaps of no longer serviceable “scientific achievements.” Absorbed in his work, Porphyry didn’t notice when the four entered the room. 
“Good evening, Porphyry,” Alexey greeted the man loudly. “Meet your new assistants. Here they are!”
The old man tore himself away from his work and faced the visitors,
“Oh, it’s you, Alexey! I see… I see… It’s two boys. Well, I’m glad they’re here. I’ll have them entertain me by telling stories about Earth. I strongly doubt that one day I’ll be lucky enough to get there...”
“Don’t say so, Porphyry!” Alexey interrupted him. “You have so much time ahead of you! You’ll have a chance to fly to the Earth! We’ll fly there together! By the way,” an idea occurred to him, “in a few days, Anatoly and I are going to the Earth. Atlasov needs help and Lomov detached us.”
“As the best technicians of the Communications Department,” Anatoly put in. Porphyry nodded kindly, while Alexey continued,
“Let’s go with us! We’ll talk to the boss. You’ll see he’ll say ‘yes’!” there was a mischievous gleam in his eyes.
“You have your feet loose, Alexey. But who’s going to take care of all my stuff? I can’t let it get all rusted. Plus, I’m too old for such a trip… Anyway, thanks for your offer, but I’m staying. I can’t leave the newly arrived unattended,” the old man screw up his eyes, looking at Arthur and Pasha. “By the way, I still don’t know their names.”
Arthur took a step forward and stretched out his hand,
“Arthur Bogumirov.”
“Nice to meet you. Porphyry.”
Pasha was the next to introduce himself,
“Pasha Lugansky.”
“Nice to meet you. Welcome to my modest abode!” Porphyry spread his arms, showing how large it was.
“Excellent,” Alexey summed up contentedly. “We’re leaving the kids here. Now full responsibility for them rests with you. Anatoly and I have to go back to work. As soon as we’re done, we’ll call on you!” exiting the room, Alexey turned around recalling something important,
“Porphyry, have you heard about Nilsson?”
“I have. And I want to say this: stop teasing the Swede. He’s a grumbler, yes. He’s a dried-up man, yes. But he’s smart and responsible. Now get the hell out of here.”
The men burst out laughing and left. 
Porphyry turned to the boys,
“You’ll see, these guys’re going to make out very well.”
The visitors’ faces expressed agreement. Alexey and Anatoly produced a good impression on the boys, even though they’d known them for less than thirty minutes. 
“And you, boys, too. Within a stone’s throw of becoming heroes! Don’t be shy!” the owner of the nook interrupted Pasha who tried to object. “Not everybody would agree to do what you did. And Atlasov’s done even a better job. He found you!”
The man himself broke the awkward silence,
“Want some tea?”
The boys agreed with pleasure and Porphyry sent Arthur to bring some water.
Pasha liked his new friend’s “modest abode” very much. Despite the seeming mess, it was rather comfortable and peaceful in the room. The dim light of the daylight lamps located along the perimeter of the room made the décor look movie-like. 
After Arthur returned with a kettle full of water, the boys made themselves comfortable in shabby green tapestry chairs. Porphyry put cups on the table leisurely, sat down and lit a pipe. A pleasant smell of cherry tobacco spread all over the room.
“The guys grow this tobacco in an incubator specially for me,” he explained, pointing to the trophy pipe. “Do you like it here?”
Arthur was the first to speak. At that moment, he didn’t feel confusion talking to a friendly, although a little weird old man. 
“I do! But we haven’t seen much. Will they let us go out?”
The old man greened mysteriously. He scratched his grey-bristled cheek with the pipe.
“Possibly, yes. But later. You see, Dugin and his men caused such a stir that we’ve gone on full alert. It’s the calm before the storm at the station, but soon the chief players will enter the scene. This is when old men and children will become mere observers. ”
Arthur pressed up his lips in disappointment,
“Are you saying that our mission’s over? You don’t need us anymore? The most exciting part begins and we’re just observers?”
“I think so,” Porphyry spread his arms, simultaneously doing some fanciful smoking tricks. “I can assure you that the show’s going to be spectacular. Believe me, you don’t want to be in the center of events. In a situation like this, it’s better to have cool judgment and WATCH. Maybe, you’ll be able to notice something that’ll tip the balance.”
Visibly displeased, Arthur kept silent. The boy was bursting to go into action. What could he and Pasha offer to the experienced station workers, other than their youthful ardor? Porphyry was right. They could nothing but accept the situation and take their seats in the auditorium.
“Will you tell me about Atlasov? How’s he doing?” the man changed the subject.
This is when Pasha joined in,
“Mr. Eric has been very busy lately. He even sometimes stays at the greenhouse overnight. Now our classmates help him but they don’t know much. The technical part’s on him.”
Porphyry gave an understanding nod. Taking a long drag, he settled back in his chair and began recalling,
“Atlasov was a very promising young man. He arrived at the station when he was a young boy. He was very enthusiastic and spent all his time in his lab. However, when Dugin was transferred there, everybody knew the two wouldn’t get on. ”
“Transferred from where?” Pasha wondered. 
“Ivan worked at the Astrometry Department. Psychophysiology wasn’t something he wanted to do. Dugin’s father, a psychophysiology professor, tried to arouse his interest, but the offspring resisted it desperately. I should admit we all were deeply surprised when Ivan asked to be transferred to the psychophysiology lab. We remembered it quite clearly the way he used to make fun of his father’s fanatic devotion to his trade, calling him ‘sour cabbage soup professor’. Of course, we understood he was just a teen coming of age… The boy tried hard to prove to everybody that he was independent and self-sufficient, that he was capable of achieving success without Michael’s patronage. I realized that he was driven by something else, other than love for psychophysiology, when he announced his decision to leave Arcas. Now we know that the real reason was his infinite lust for power. Atlasov admitted later that he always suspected Ivan wasn’t totally sincere, so he deliberately stayed away from him. Ivan wanted to be the leader and never tried to conceal his ambitions. And, as you know, when two leaders compete, sooner or later it leads to a split in the staff. And that’s what happened,” Porphyry finished his story and began puffing away at his pipe. 
Lygansky craved to hear what happened to the disgraced scientist next. The boy took a sip and asked carefully,
“What did this guy, Ruslan, do here? Mr. Eric didn’t like talking about him.”
Crossing his legs, the old man continued,  
“The curious slyboots poked his nose into everything. He desperately tried to make friends with our young scientists, but the guys stayed away from him. After a while, he gave up on them and what really surprised me was the fact that it didn’t upset him. But I found an excuse for him. I decided the boy just didn’t want us to see how deeply offended he was. I felt sorry for him and wanted to cheer him up. That’s how hopeless and helpless he seemed to all of us. But it was just a mask he was wearing, under which was a cold-blooded and self-seeking snitch.”
Shuddering involuntary, Pasha thought about the nature of hypocrisy. It was terrible to think that a person close to you might turn out someone else. Lugansky found himself thinking he’d never come across undisguised hypocrites before, or those he came across were just very skillful liars (Pasha didn’t believe it was true; he thought about it as just a possibility.)
 “Well… what was I talking about…” the old man lost his train of thought. “It hadn’t been long before Kluev found an adult patron. Do you have any idea who it might have been?”
“Nilsson?” Pasha  assumes hesitatingly.
“Exactly. Now you understand why the guys don’t like the Swede so much. They’re too young to understand that we all are to blame for what happened. We can as well accuse them of overlooking the bugs hidden all over the station!”
Arthur was looking through Pasha and Porphyry, trying to put up with the fact that their role was coming to an end. “We have to do something!” a firm thought stuck in his head. The boy began drumming on the cup with his fingers, thinking it over.
“Porphyry, do you think we’ll be allowed to take a look at Ruslan’s room?”
The man didn’t understand Arthur’s thought process.
“Yesterday’s bustle put the management into a quandary.  I guess they gave it just a quick-over. I’m sure Lomov will give you his yes...”
Arthur was falling asleep to the barely audible rustle of the air-conditioner. Troublesome dreams were flashing through his mind: he keeping quiet behind a low earthfill, while Dugin’s somewhere close, hiding behind the nearest earthfill too, and a bitter fight’s waiting for them. Suddenly, Arthur finds himself standing on the deck of a vessel. His unruly hair’s flying in the wind, cool air hitting on his face; the boy’s raising his hands… The last thing imprinted in his memory was his mother’s face smiling to him.

Chapter 7. Is Michael Dugin an Accomplice?

Atlasov arrived at the greenhouse at dawn.  Even the gardener never showed up there that early. Eric had to prepare for the arrival of the technicians from Callisto. 
He slacked his pace inside the pavilion to breathe in the smell of the awakening plant kingdom. Atlasov praised himself mentally for his promptness again. If he hadn’t bought the University Greenhouse a couple of years ago, his life lacking that beautiful oasis would have been incomplete.
Eric walked down to the apparatus hall and noticed with satisfaction that somebody had cleaned the place up. “Must be the girls. The boys wouldn’t even think of that.” His gaze settled on a sheet of paper lying on the table. It was covered with writing and the untidy handwriting indicated that the author was either very excited or in a hurry. Awkwardly written phrases “What does she know about her husband’s death?” and “Secret research station on Earth, don’t specify the location!!!” (underlined twice) threw Atlasov into perplexity. The dubious notes were crowned with a headline KLUEVA. Shrugging his shoulders, Eric put the paper on the table. He was too busy to worry about his watchmen’s senseless scribble. 
Absorbed in his work, Atlasov was bustling about near the teleportation capsule, when he heard some footsteps. His watchmen showed up at the door. Sleepy Victor dragged behind Anna who, on the contrary, looked quite cheerful.
“Good morning!” Romanova ran up to Mr. Eric, wondering what made him come so early.
“Morning! I see Victor’s not in the best of tempers, hah?”
“Kind of,” Tretyakov replied sluggishly. “I couldn’t sleep… I was thinking and thinking…”
“What were you thinking about, thinker? Mrs. Klueva I guess?” Eric assumed prophetically.
Victor’s eyes popped out with astonishment,  
“How do you know? We didn’t tell you anything!”
“You didn’t. And I, by the way, would love to hear about it!”
Atlasov came up to the table and pointed to the paper.
Tretyakov realized inexpediency of denying anything and started to describe the events which happened the day before. In the course of the narration, Atlasov’s face was clouding over. 
“… She mentioned Ruslan’s grandfather, Michael Dugin, a few times. The old man has a habit of talking her out of taking certain actions. Suspicious, isn’t it?” Victor finished with an air of being an experienced detective.
“It is. But, first of all, guys,” Eric kept a strained pause, “from now on, please, don’t do anything without telling me first. Your initiative’s praiseworthy but, I want to repeat it, ALWAYS keep me informed. Your yesterday’s visit may have serious consequences…” the man became thoughtful.
The classmates’ faces fell. They expected admiration or at least some praise… They expected anything but a scolding.
“What consequences?” Victor didn’t understand what Eric meant.
“Don’t you understand?” Eric uttered. “If our suspicions are confirmed and Michael Dugin is Ivan’s accomplice, it means we’ve given ourselves away. Now he knows where the danger’s coming from. What were you thinking about when you went to Dugin’s home?” the man was indignant.
“We couldn’t possibly know about Ruslan’s grandfather. You never even mentioned him.” Anna noted reasonably.
“Maybe, Klueva won’t tell him about us?” Victor assumed naively. 
“Yeah, sure. I’ll bet you anything he already knows about you,” he said hopelessly.
“Okay, don’t be upset. The old man’s not dangerous. Our bunker’s impregnable!” Atlasov wanted to cheer up the children who were worried about their reckless improvisation. After talking to the classmates, he returned to his work. 
Victor was looking forward to telling Arthur about the adventure they had the day before, but decided not to mention Eric’s suspicions. He contacted Callisto and got glued to the screen. 
Following an unsuccessful attempt to call Bogumirov via intercom, secretary Ludmila headed to his room to wake him up personally. “The boys have been stuck at Porphyry’s up till night. He’s our guru,” she explained warmly before leaving the room. Victor had been staring at the motionless screen until ten minutes later he saw Bogumirov’s sleepy face.  
“Hey, Victor! Why’re you calling me so early?”
“Early? Check out your watch! Shame on you! Did you go to Callisto to sleep?”
“Okay-okay,” Bogumirov tried to brush off his friend’s enquiries. “What happened?”
“First of all, tell me, who’s Porphyry?” Victor’s curiosity overcame his desire to brag about his recent adventures.
“Oh,” Arthur cheered up. “You know about it already, don’t you! He’s our new friend. We were introduced to him yesterday by the guys who’re going to Earth to help Mr. Eric. Listen, he’s a great guy!” Bogumirov exclaimed forgetting himself and looked back at Ludmila in embarrassment. The woman grinned.
“I’m so jealous! Relaxing at Arcas…”
Arthur frowned. Victor cut to the quick unintentionally.
“Exactly, relaxing… It looks like nobody takes us seriously here. We are stuck here like…” Arthur paused looking for the right word.
“Don’t talk nonsense,” Atlasov interfered from behind. “What do you mean nobody takes you seriously? There’s a lot of work to do and the people are preparing for a possible attack of Callirrhoe. Naturally, nobody’s going to entertain you under these circumstances. And instead of complaining, you’d better help them.”
“We did offer our help!” Arthur flared up feeling offended. “They brush it aside!”
“It’s not true,” Ludmila joined in the dialogue. “Rene offered you to help him at the warehouse but you refused, didn’t you?”
“Yeah…” Bogumirov muttered. “It’s boring over there…”
“Oh yes, sure. Warehouses are not for heroes,” Eric teased the boy, noticing his reaction.
Anna was absent-minded while listening to the conversation, because she was also talking to Elena on the phone. This is when she asked playfully, “How’s Arthur doing?” Hearing that “Arthur’s doing great,” Chernomorova expressed a desire to join her friends hanging out at the greenhouse. 
“It’s boring at home. I should give a call to Gera. Let the knight of the doleful countenance have some fun.”
Everybody laughed and Elena hung up.
Victor signed off by the time the classmates arrived at the greenhouse. Elena was slightly disappointed but played it cool. The friends gathered at the large dining table. 
“Mr. Eriс told us off for talking to Klueva,” Victor whispered, giving Eric a furtive look. “If Michael’s his son’s accomplice… Gosh, Elena!” Tretyakov’s forehead sweated. “We left Klueva the phone number of the greenhouse! Now Dugin can easily track us down!”
Gera hemmed critically, “We don’t know for sure that the old man’s involved in it. I wouldn’t dramatize the situation.”
“However, caution won’t do any harm,” Anna noted reasonably.
“You’re right,” Balakhonov agreed. Suddenly, the boy moved away from the table and headed towards the master computer. The friends kept talking, not paying attention to their classmate’s change of behavior. 
“Gera, what’re you looking for over there?” Atlasov asked finally.
Without answering, Balakhonov kept doing something on the computer. This is when the others stared at the quiet boy in perplexity, too.  Meanwhile, Gera jumped up from the chair and moved decisively towards the teleportation capsule. The classmates were watching him with their mouths open. Atlasov came to his senses only after Gera got inside and turned on the system of instant transportation. 
“What’re you doing? Wait!”
It was too late. The door shut slowly and a moment later the boy was gone.  
“What… what’s he doing?” Elena whispered in a constrained voice, astonished at Gera’s conduct.
Eric rushed to the master computer. 
“Passwords to unlock the space shuttle navigation system. Where the hell is he going?”
Eric’s fingers began making rapid movements around the keyboard. He was switching to a space launching site surveillance mode. 
“He must be out of his mind…” Victor said, trying to comprehend what was happening. “Did you see his face?” he addressed the girls. “It’s like his mind went blank…”
Atlasov’s heart sank. He turned to Victor and asked,
“What did you say? His mind went blank?”
A terrible idea flashed upon him.
“Dammit! You may be right! Victor, to the radar control panel, now! Enter new coordinate information, I’ll dictate. Looks like they’ve spotted us. The psychoradar is adjusted to repel attacks from Ganymede, not from Earth. Dugin senior must have taken advantage of it and took control of Gera’s mind!”
The anxious girls ran up to Atlasov who was giving commands to Tretyakov, simultaneously watching Balakhonov.  
“Yeah, I see our friend,” Eric drawled with satisfaction, pointing to a red light moving fast around the screen. He was heading towards a green square that was Perseus. “Don’t worry, we won’t let him fly away. I’m going to block the engines.”
The girls stared at Atlasov as if bewitched.
“No, I’m not a magician, just an apprentice,” he smiled. “But we’ve provided for an opportunity to give remote commands to the navigation system, but before I do it…” Eric lifted his index finger meaningfully, “I want to find out what the hell the old man’s suggested to poor Gera.”
Victor, who by that time had executed Atlasov’s order, came up to the computer and saw the screen full of command lines meaning that Gera had activated the autopilot start-up program.
“So-o,” Eric was watching what was happening attentively. “They want to send Perseus to Ganymede. It’s seven minutes before launch.”
“Oh, look!” Elena squealed. “It’s running away!”
The red light was indeed moving away from the green square.
“Oh,” it became Clear to Eric, “now I understand. They want to intercept the shuttle. They don’t need the boy. They defied me. It’s the height of impudence!” indignant Atlasov turned to the classmates.
“You’ll see Gera soon,” he concluded firmly and got down to talking over control of Perseus.

Chapter 8. Ruslan Kluev’s Diary

The boys entered the room of the former warehouse worker Ruslan Kluev. Arthur brought his hand close to the sensor switch and bright light flooded the room.  It was in perfect order. All the clothes were folded up neatly and were lying in their right places. It seemed that the roomer left to run errands and would return any minute. Actually, that’s exactly what happened. Leaving his room, Ruslan couldn’t know that he would never return there again. A conversation between Perseus and Arcas he happened to overhear forced him to escape. He had not a second to lose. Once Perseus landed, it would be too late. The news about the snitch would spread about the station with lightning speed.
Pasha sat down in front of a small portable computer standing on a coffee table. Arthur came up to the bookcase and saw rows of CDs on the upper shelf. Running an eye over their names, Bogumirov came to the conclusion that cosmonautics was more than just a job for Ruslan. His electronic collection featured a bunch of computer simulators imitating the real-world experiences. “No wonder that the guy straddled Perseus so easily. With skills like he had, I’d get to Pluton, too,” flitted through Bogumirov’s mind. He turned his eyes from simulators to another shelf with only one sheet of paper rolled up into a tube. The paper proved to be a layout chart of bugs Kluev scattered generously all over the station. The boy noted with surprise that Ruslan had managed to plant bugs everywhere, including Lomov’s office! Not mentioning the high-traffic areas, such as the cafeteria or the archive room, which were literally swarming with bugs. Arthur briefly informed Lugansky about his finding, but received only a slack nod in response. The boy was digging in Kluev’s laptop enthusiastically.
Bogumirov came up to Ruslan’s neatly made bed. On the checkered plaid was a weighty tome. Picking up the book, the boy read out loud, “The Mystery of the Human Brain.” Hearing a familiar title, Lugansky turned around,
“Mr. Eric bought one like this recently.  By the way, its author is Ivan Dugin’s father.”
Arthur put the book back.
“Interesting… But Klueva claims Ruslan didn’t want to follow the trade of his grandfather and studied cosmonautics,” he noted, recalling his latest conversation with Victor.
“I guess, he had to learn the basics of the human brain, or he’d be considered an idiot in the lab. That’s why he used his grandfather’s book,” Pasha dispelled all doubts.
“Lugansky, you’re quick-witted, you know that? You have a head on your shoulders,” Arthur complimented his friend. “We’re a good team, right? I invite you to join the AVG gang.”
Noticing Pasha’s confusion, Bogumirov put on airs,
“Note that you’re the first one to receive such invitation. You’ve been given the great honor of becoming one of us, don’t blow your chance!”
“Yeah, but you’re going to have to rename it to the AVGP gang,” Pasha joked.
Quarrelling was in the past and Lugansky knew Arthur inside out. At least, that’s what he thought. Bogumirov liked to accentuate his exceptionality but, at the same time, he was always ready to help when it came to his friends. Lugansky appreciated his former enemy’s friendship, but didn’t want to open up yet.  Arthur, on the contrary, openly and often impetuously showed his liking for Pasha, although sometimes he would shroud in mystery something meaningless.
Glued to the screen, Pasha was searching through the contents of Ruslan’s laptop. Arthur sat down on the side of the bed and began leafing through the book. His thoughts were far beyond Arcas. There was some time of absolute stillness in the room. 
A sudden cry broke the silence. Lugansky found something which deserved their attention.
“Ha-ha! That’s really interesting… Look what I’ve found,” Pasha turned the monitor to his friend.
“So?” Arthur asked in confusion. He saw a regular text file which, on the face of it, was of no interest.
“It looks like Kluev’s diary,” Pasha explained.
“I don’t think you’d access something so important to him so easily,” Arthur was skeptical. 
“Ha, why do you think it was easy?” Lugansky screwed up his eyes. “It was encrypted with a four-byte key, but I’ve solved this problem,” he pulled a flash drive out from the USB port and proudly waved it in front of his friend’s face.
“You carry all your stuff with you, hah?” Bogumirov gave an understanding nod in response. 
“Yep. Let’s read it,” Pasha looked fixedly at the screen. “So, November, he arrived at the station… Not interesting… Ha, look, he mentions Nilsson,” the boy was commenting on Ruslan’s notes aloud. “The boring Swede’s trailing along behind me, he doesn’t let me make a single step. I should make up a red herring, it’s getting dangerous… This secretary jeopardizes the whole operation, dammit…”
“Interesting!” Arthur cheered up. “Turns out Rene had nothing to do with the Dugins family, which means that Alexey and Anatoly are wrong having a grudge against him. He’s innocent.”
“We should tell them about it today. What a mine of information we’ve dug up!” Pasha was scrolling the text quickly, looking through the key phrases. 
“What’s this… Look, familiar last name!”
Strained, Bogumirov leaned forward.
“Wow, it’s like from that popular-science program Obvious – Incredible,” Lugansky kept teasing. “So, February, 7th.  ‘The location of Atlasov’s station doesn’t give me a moment’s peace. The problem is that it’s not as easy to track down as we thought. They insure the safety of the station by encrypting all the signals they send from Arcas. It applies all types of communication. The transmitters from the lab are no exception. But I have an idea. Although, I’m not sure it’s going to work. Anyway, I have to try. Tomorrow, I’m going to talk to Nadezhda Atlasova. Maybe, she’ll help me find the solution to this problem’.”
Arthur was round-eyed, “Nadezhda Atlasova? Why don’t I know her?”
“You’re not the only one who doesn’t know her. I hear this name for the first time, too. Why the hell are you so secretive, Mr. Eric?” Pasha shook his head indignantly. “Oh, now I begin to understand… When he brought me to the greenhouse for the first time… That day Atlasov asked Ludmila to give his regards to a Nadezhda. I wonder, is she his sister or wife?”
“We’ll find out today,” Arthur said confidently. “Is there anything else in the diary about this Nadezhda? I want to know what goes next.”
Pasha obediently returned to reading,
“February, 28th. ‘My plan to find Atlasov using Nadezhda failed. I have to find another way. I asked her if she used other means to contact Eric. By this I meant communication devices which are not under control of the station. Devices sending signals bypassing the main channel. Atlasova assured me she didn’t have any. Perhaps, my question sounded suspicious to her. She didn’t ask me why I needed it but I saw this question in her eyes. I think I should’ve waited before making this talk. I can only hope she doesn’t tell Atlasov about it’.”
Arthur scratched his head.
“Not bad… I wonder why Kluev decided that Atlasova might have some unauthorized equipment?”
“It would be nice to find out first who this Atlasova is.”
Bogumirov was rubbing his hand over the plaid covering the bed. Suddenly, he felt a bump. He groped with his fingers for something salient and his hand automatically plunged under the plaid. Pasha was absorbed in Kluev’s diary and didn’t see his friend’s pottering. Arthur pulled out a tiny eagle-shaped key tag. The bird was holding a lightning in its beak. Its gilding wore off revealing the metal that tarnished with time. Arthur weighted it in his hand. “Heavy! It lands on your foot, it’s going to hurt.” Bogumirov put the key tag in his pocket hurriedly and decided not to expatiate on it yet. 
“Wow,” Pasha’s exclamation distracted him from his finding. Arthur’s attention was riveted on the diary again. “That’s really interesting. Kluev mentions the Mrs. Klavdia thing. Listen. ‘May, 12th. It went off without a hitch. I managed to visualize the brain scanner right in front of the confused old hag! They made a fuss about it in the lab. Yaroslav was beside himself with anger. He reported about it to Lomov immediately. Lomov stormed in and began telling me off like I was a little kid. I just had to feign repentance and listen to his scolding silently. But it’s all right, I’m used to it. What really matters is that the first part of the plan has been implemented! I’m sure pretty soon Atlasov’s going to do something about the old woman and thus will betray himself.  Unaware of anything, he’s going to put his trump card on the table – the station’s location. Grandpa’s already set up the radar and all we have to do is to wait. Anyway, Atlasov’s swallowed the bait. Now locating his magic shed is only a matter of time. If we succeed, father suggested giving the information about Arcas to the terrestrial special services and our main evidence’s going to be Atlasov’s base. Dad’s sure that when they find out about the station at Callisto, they’ll exterminate it. Dad and I were surprised at grandpa’s reaction. Turns out he has his own ideas about the future of Arcas. I wonder if he’ll be able to persuade dad. The old man’s been really short-tempered lately…”
Pasha took his eyes off the computer. His thoughts were in a muddle because of all those shocking revelations he read. 
“Stop-stop-stop!” Arthur gabbled. “It means… means that… Oh, no!” frightened, the boy covered his mouth with his hand. “Let’s go to Straus! Now!”
Pasha jumped up from the bed and in a moment was rushing along the hall like a scalded cat.
“The computer, blockhead, you left it!” Arthur called after him crossing the threshold of the room. He had to go back himself. Grabbing the laptop, he rushed out of the room and quickened his pace with all his might following his friend. 

Chapter 9. Meeting the Technicians 

The young technicians from Arcas were expected to arrive in the evening. Atlasov described Alexey and Anatoly as “the coolest guys from the Communications Department.”  The Gera situation, as well as the failed interception of the space shuttle, shook Atlasov’s confidence in his station’s impregnability. Eric took measures to beat off new mental attacks, but it wasn’t enough.  He needed a more complex approach, the one that involved new technology, because another blow could follow any time. They were dealing with a direct threat, so it was no longer enough to just ensure the safety of the station. The enemy had to be neutralized. Atlasov hoped to solve all these problems with the help of the young Callisto workers. 
“So, here’s your task for today,” Eric was instructing the greenhouse watchmen. “You have to prepare the place for our guests. You’re in charge of cleanup and dinner, my dear eight graders!”
The classmates were excited to help. Victor and Anna plunged into work enthusiastically. Learning about the visit, Gera and Elena expressed a desire to join the rest and came to the greenhouse a little later. 
After the disturbing incident with the interception of Perseus, Balakhonov felt ill at ease. It seemed to him that his friends tacitly blamed him, even though they said the opposite. His feeling of guilt made him obey the girls – they were the ones running the show. Victor also tried not to dispute with them, as cleaning and cooking weren’t his strong point.
The girls headed to a grocery store, ordering the boys to do the dishes and set the table. Gera and Victor began to execute the order obediently.
Elena lingered at the door,
“I can’t get enough of seeing our boys. It’s so true that labor ennobles!” she joked, leaning her elbow on the door jamb.
“Don’t you have to go?” Victor waved his hand crossly, but Chernomorova kept smiling stingingly. This is when Tretyakov scooped a handful of water and rushed towards the mocker, trying to throw it over her. The girl vanished the same second.   
Atlasov had examined the teleportation system and was just loitering about the room. It took him less than two hours to contact Callisto, exchange the latest gossip with Ludmila the secretary, feed Chapa and scold the boys for poorly washed dishes. Satisfied, Atlasov went upstairs in hope to find his soul mate that was the bored gardener.
Left alone, the boys took a break and relaxed. They turned on the TV to watch the news.
Anna and Elena returned about one hour before the scheduled arrival. They started setting the table quickly, while the boys were making sandwiches.
Atlasov was going to stay at the greenhouse to welcome the guests together with the children. He sat down next to the tracking device to find out how much time was left before the landing. The system showed six minutes.
The classmates turned their keen eyes to the teleportation capsule one by one. Fifteen minutes later, the capsule door slid open and the guests entered the apparatus hall. A radiant smile lit up Alexey’s face when he saw Atlasov.  He rushed towards his colleague with open arms. Anatoly stood aside modestly, waiting for his turn to greet his old buddy. The meeting ceremony lasted longer than planned, as each classmate considered it his/her duty to ask the newly arrived technicians a few questions.
There was a heated discussion of the latest events at the dinner table, such as Ruslan Kluev’s sudden escape and the Gera incident. Everybody was emotional, loudly expressing their indignation, and waving their hands, while Eric was generous with epithets talking about “the damn crime family.” After a while, Atlasov and Anatoly headed to the beach to talk in private.
Alexey stayed to entertain the children. He had brought one of Ruslan’s famous bugs and was showing it to the friends. 
“No surprise the bugs were found in such incredible places. Look,” Alexey turned the bug upside down to show its tiny legs on the “belly.” “It moved along the trajectory. Kluev could correct it in case the bug bumped into an obstacle. The man had a tracking system for that,” Alexey pulled out a compact laptop. “The little spy provided its coordinate information by transmitting a radio signal. This is where the trajectory path was set from,” Alexey showed them how exactly it happened. He connected the bug with the laptop using an infrared port and started the program. The tiny saboteur revived shortly. Moving its legs up and down, it minced towards Atlasov’s table. The classmates were watching the nimble “insect” as if spellbound. Victor followed it to see where it’d find room for itself. The intricate creature scrambled up the computer’s back panel imperturbably and froze. The red dotted trace on the tracking monitor broke off and a blue blinking light appeared at its end point. 
“Destination reached,” Alexey commented.
“Cool!” Tretyakov stated excitedly. “May I try?”
“Absolutely. But first let’s bring our traveler back,” Alexey began fiddling around with the computer. The bug stretched its legs and crawled back. 
Anatoly listened to Atlasov’s story about the incident, drawing intricate patterns in the sand with a stick. After another rolling wave carefully swallowed up his drawing, he started to create again. Finally, Anatoly got tired of it. He threw the stick aside and rubbed his hands.
“Yeah, by the way,” he interrupted his colleague’s monologue, “if we can believe Kluev’s diary, he tried to worm out from Nadezhda if you two are in touch by means of alternative communication devices. Do you know anything about it?” Anatoly met Atlasov’s eyes.
“No, my wife never told me about it,” he answered, shaking his head thoughtfully. “Perhaps, she just didn’t pay attention to it. But she should have, she should have... It would have made me suspicious. Maybe, we would have brought Dugin to light much earlier.  ”
“Tell me, Eric, is it true that Ivan had feelings for Nadezhda?” the young man asked, feeling a little confused. 
Atlasov raised his brow in surprise, “It was so long ago, but they still can’t let it go...”
“You’re right,” Anatoly admitted. “Now all the events connected with Dugin, even the most insignificant ones, come up in talks of old-timers. Straus made a joke the other day, that Nadezhda sowed the seeds of discord at Arcas.”
“Yeah, Genke is a well-known wisecracker. But I want to assure you that saying that he fired into the wrong flock. For Dugin, Nadezhda was just a means to assert himself. If she hadn’t been around, he would have found a million of other reasons. You know, people like Ivan are just incapable of love.”
Anatoly gave an understanding look.
“Back then, the Department of Astrology Predictions my wife’s been working for used to be experimental. When the station opened, astrology predictions of catastrophes… ur… it was new and daring. For decades, astronomers and astrologists have been picking fights over the right to be ultimate truth-bearers. They could find no points of contact and all their arguments reached a deadlock. The first man to make a successful attempt to combine the principles of both disciplines was Theodore Landscheit. The department workers are all followers of this German scientist.  As you know, Nadezhda and a couple of her assistants have been successfully combining the principles of biorhythmology and classic astronomy for several decades,” Atlasov stated proudly. 
“Yes-yes, no one can match Nadezhda in casting horoscopes. By the way, she promised to cast a natal chart for me later this month,” Anatoly said. “I’d like to try it myself. They say it’s not that difficult.”
“You’re right, it’s easy to cast but difficult to interpret. There’re so many nuances, that the devil himself couldn’t make head or tail of it. I admire Nadezhda. She somehow knows all those zodiacal signs, houses, aspects. Top class!” Atlasov was obviously proud of his wife’s professionalism. 
“Still,” Anatoly decided to go back to the topic, “you didn’t tell me what happened between Nadezhda and Dugin.”
Eric muttered discontentedly, “Nothing. It so happened that Ivan and I were rivals for some time. Fortunately, Nadezhda quickly got to the bottom of Dugin and gave him a send-off.  Trying to win her heart, he was… hm… not quite honest. Or, to put it simply, he lied.”
Anatoly stared at Atlasov with curiosity. Who would have thought that the person standing in front of him used to be one of the main characters of the soap opera that played at Arcas at an early stage of its existence?
“Think about it,” Eriс continued, “he tried to slander me claiming I had a wife on Earth. Can you imagine what Nadezhda who has such a trusting nature thought about me? ‘Good job, he didn’t grieve long over parting with his wife and in a couple of months he has an affair with a co-worker.’ I came to understand the irony of it only recently, when I learned what a story Ivan made up for Nadezhda. As it turned out later, HE left behind a wife… I mean Maria Klueva.”
“But why did Dugin think you were supposed to ‘grieve’ over parting with your wife?” Anatoly asked.
“This Dugin-Nadezhda story happened a few months after the false destruction of Arcas. As soon as the station ‘exploded,’ the workers could no longer stay in touch with their families. From that moment on, all the staff was believed to be dead. We had to break off all our relations…”
“You paid a high price for preserving Arcas,” Anatoly noted sadly.
“Yeah, the guys hired after that are lucky. They can meet with their families, but maintain the myth about working in remote corners of the planet.”
“I agree. We have to put up with certain shortcomings holding the truth back from our families, but each of us made this choice on his own. And for all of us it was a conscious decision.”
“Don’t worry, after we finish with Dugin, we’ll get back to working on the device to delete memories. Once it’s ready, we’ll be able to return the workers who are unhappy at Arcas back to Earth,” Atlasov joked.
“Do you really think somebody would want to do it?” Anatoly couldn’t believe his ears.
“No, I don’t,” Atlasov answered seriously. 

Chapter 10. Nadezhda Atlasova and the Department of Astrology Predictions

The information the boys found in Ruslan Kluev’s room made a stir at Arcas. Lomov ordered to introduce the state of siege and canceled all flights. Alexey and Anatoly were allowed to leave Callisto only due to Straus’s authority. He went to a great deal of trouble to persuade the chairman of the crucial importance of their presence on Earth. 
After seeing off the technicians, Arthur and Pasha became even better friends with Porphyry. They would advance versions of what was going to happen next, hanging out in his famous nook. This is when the boys started inquiring after Nadezhda Atlasova. Porphyry offered them to meet Eric’s wife in person to avoid unnecessary gossip and, at the same time, visit the Department of Astrology Predictions.
The abovementioned department was located on the second floor of the multi-level station. A smiling swarthy young man met the boys by the entrance marked with a plate reading “Astrology Predictions, Manager: N. Atlasova, Heliobiology: H. Alakhverdiev.”
“Hello, Heydar,” Porphyry greeted the man. “How’s Nadezhda doing? Is she busy? I want to introduce these guys to her.”
“As far as I know, she’s double-checking the Uranus aspect for the station. There’s some data discrepancy. She’s been stuck here for almost two days. I guess it’s time for her to take a break. Come on in, don’t be so shy!”
The interior of the main hall was very peculiar. A dome-shaped ceiling with the celestial map attracted the boys’ attention in the first place. 
“There’s only the northern hemisphere here, the southern one’s in Nadezhda’s office,” Porphyry explained to the boys lost in admiration. 
Dark-haired, with small facial features, Nadezhda was beavering away at a huge draft that was the size of the table.  The woman propped up her cheek with her one hand, while with the other she was making notes with a pencil. After each note, she turned her eyes to the screen in the corner to, perhaps, check her manual calculation against the computer data. She didn’t immediately notice her visitors.
“Nadezhda, you have guests!” Porphyry distracted her. “Forget about your sextiles and cusps, time for a tea break!”
“Oh, Porphyry, glad to see you!”  the woman turned to the man. “Guys, I apologize for not finding time to see you. It’s inexcusable, I know…”
“Not at all, everything’s fine,” Pasha reassured her. “We understand Arcas’s going through a difficult period, and you have important work to do.”
“Thank you,” Atlasova smiled in reply gratefully. “You know, I’ve been so busy lately with all these predictions, especially after Lomov introduced the state of siege… Heydar and I have a pretty heavy schedule right now.” 
Arthur took it as a hint,
“Are we distracting you?”
Atlasova reassured the boy,
“No-no, not at all. I’d love to talk to you! And then, if you don’t mind, Heydar could tell you what we’re doing here and show you around.”
“Nadezhda, do you know we found Ruslan Kluev’s diary?”
The woman gave a nod.
“There’re a few notes about you there. Your conversation with Ruslan about you staying in touch with Atlasov, didn’t it seem suspicious to you?”
“You’re absolutely right, Arthur,” the woman noticed the boy’s perplexed look. “Is anything wrong? Oh, of course I know your names,” she figured out. “Even though we haven’t met in person, I stay tuned. Yes, now when I think about that I remember that Ruslan’s question did sound suspicious. I thought something like, ‘What the hell? Why would we want to use some intricate communication channels?’ But at that time I had more serious stuff to worry about. This is when Heydar and I were analyzing some of the latest solar flares, so in a few minutes this conversation faded from my memory.”
Lomov’s call distracted Nadezhda from the conversation. Since the situation aggravated, he brought all the key positions under control and was making orders personally, omitting Straus. 
“Nadezhda, darling, is there any news?”
“So far nothing,” Atlasova gave a deep sigh. “No systemic relations have been revealed yet. I have no idea what caused those strange solar flares, especially so powerful ones. Another solar cycle will start next year, so we can reject this theory.”
“Well…” Lomov drawled unhappily. “So, let’s think of it as Arcas’s guardian angel, which sent us the magical flares. The question is how long the Heavens will favor us.”
Nadezhda only spread her arms in response.
While listening to the strange dialogue, Arthur looked at Heydar questionably, as if asking, “What’re they talking about?” Heydar gave a nod towards the exit meaning he would explain behind the door. Porphyry was so absorbed in the conversation that he failed to notice the three leaving the room.
“As far as I can see, you have a pretty vague idea of what our department does,” Heydar said to the boys when they left the room.
“Well, it’s more or less clear about the astrology predictions… But, shame on me, I’ve never heard about heliobiology,” Pasha confessed sincerely. Arthur kept silent modestly.
“Okay, let me enlighten you a little. Heliobiology is a science that studies the influence of changes in solar activity on terrestrial organisms. Here at Arcas, we’ve advanced slightly and are studying the Sun’s influence not only on the Earth but also on other planets, namely Jupiter and its moons.”
“Is this science so important that a whole department’s been assigned for it?” Arthur asked with distrust.
Heydar grinned, “Well… Officially, yes, a whole department. But in fact only Nadezhda and I are running it. But the science’s really important. There’re a bunch of things people don’t know of depending on solar activity. Natural and anthropogenic disasters, our health after all. Have you heard about magnetic storms?”
Arthur nodded vigorously. He often heard his parents complaining about magnetic storms, as if someone can’t have a headache without a magnetic storm.
“So,” the young man continued, “these storms are caused by solar flares. As a rule, increase in their quantity and strength indicates a new solar cycle, the one Nadezhda was talking about.”
“I see, but why did Lomov speak about them as a miracle? From what I understood, they do only harm,” Pasha was surprised.
“Guys, you must have come out of the Ark!” it was Heydar’s turn to be surprised.
“Perhaps, yes, we’re from the Ark,” Arthur caught him up. “But you haven’t answered the question!”
“The thing is Arcas has been mentally attacked by Callirrhoe for two days. The station would have been crossed off if it weren’t for those solar flares. They distort and significantly reduce the signal coming from Ganymede, making it possible for our equipment to block it. Monitoring and possibly prognostication of such solar phenomena are the duty of the Department of Astrology Predictions. But the most amazing thing is that those flares came literally from nowhere. Perhaps, there’re other factors influencing the Sun that we don’t know of yet. Our predictions had been extremely accurate until recently.”
“Wow,” Arthur drawled in amazement. “What do you mean the station would’ve been crossed off? You mean Arcas would have been destroyed without the flares?”
“Unfortunately, yes,” Heydar shrugged. “We didn’t think Dugin would be able to generate such a strong radiation. The entire space flotilla of Arcas would have been on its way to Ganymede… With the station personnel as guinea pigs aboard,” he added with a sad grin. “However, there’s no reason to lose heart. We should think positive. We’re gaining some time and we’ve been lucky so far. Yet we don’t know how much of it we have.”  
“Can’t we do something to withstand Dugin’s attacks?” Arthur shouted in hot blood. The passions rising in him started to come out.
“Yeah,” Pasha got agitated looking at his classmate. “The situation’s really bad! What do the technicians think about it? Can’t they make some kind of a shield?”
“To be honest, we didn’t expect such pressure. The power of the last signal surpassed all our expectations. But I’m sure our guys will do something about it. Did you hear about a peculiarity of the human brain, when in stressful situations it starts working better?”
The conversation was interrupted by Porphyry who came out of the office with a wistful face.  
“Pasha, Arthur, why did you leave? Lomov’s worried about our terrestrial friends because they may be not as lucky as we are. Nadezhda’s double-checking the solar radiation directivity and we don’t know if the Earth’s out of harm’s way. Let’s go, we need to contact Atlasov,” he said and walked back to the office.
Tensely looking at the screen with a picture of the Earth, Nadezhda couldn’t get through to her husband, but kept pushing the call button from time to time.  The boys came up to her. The chart on the screen depicted the direction of solar radiation, as well as its range. The circumstances were favorable for the Earth. The biggest part of the planet came under its influence. The biggest part of it, not all. However, taking a closer look, the boys realized that a large part of the northern hemisphere remained unprotected from Ganymede’s attacks.  
“Nadezhda, what’s here?” Arthur poked his finger into a spot on the screen beyond the green area.
“That’s where the interesting part begins because it’s the…”
This is when the alert sounded in the room. It was followed by the electronic dispatcher repeating, “Attention! Mental attack from Callirrhoe!”
A red ray quickly approaching the Earth appeared on the screen. However, it managed to reach only the unprotected area. 

Chapter 11. Antigloomyn

The classmates stayed at the greenhouse late into the night. They lost track of time talking to the technicians. Finally, it was time to say goodbye and go home. Alexey and Anatoly stayed.
The city was unusually dark; the street lighting seemed to be working not at full capacity. Passing by the downtown, the girls noticed how suspiciously quiet it was there, which wasn’t typical of a traditional summer night. The weather was excellent: dusk was falling, there was a sound of crickets chirping and the air was filled with sweet-scented fragrances of flowers. Despite the idyll, the streets were empty. There were no long strings of cars at the taxi stand and the roads were almost empty, too. On their way home, the girls didn’t come across a single passerby. 
“Hm, where’re all the people? Are all of them stuck at home?” Chernomorova said perplexedly, peeping into the windows of the houses they were passing by. Anna noticed that the majority of the people were staring at their TVs, as if enchanted. Passing through the street, they realized all of them were watching the same channel.  
“That’s weird,” Elena was surprised. “There’s nobody in the street. The people are watching TV. Has a war begun? Or somebody declared a state of emergency?”
“Let’s hurry,” Anna began to worry, too. “I hope my parents will explain.”
The Romanovs were no exception. Anna noticed her parents watching TV in the guest room once she crossed the threshold of her apartment. They were watching the news. Taking her clothes off in the hallway, the girl heard Renata Lesina’s excited voice,
“Dear viewers! We’re happy to announce that today the Ministry of Health issued a permit to found a pharmaceutical company in our city! This became possible due to the famous psychophysiology professor Michael Dugin. Under his direction, the new company Scamandr will start manufacturing their new unique drug Antigloomyn. Antigloomyn has no analogues in the world. Large-scale production is planned to be launched shortly. According to Mr. Dugin, currently he has orders from large corporations which have been following his work closely. We present to you a short interview with the soon-to-be the head of Scamandr.”
Anna entered the guest room and stared at the TV. She saw a hoary with age old man. His small facial features and thin compressed lips revealed his reserved and single-minded nature. In general, the professor produced a bad impression on the girl, although she was probably influenced by knowing what really was going backstage. 
“Mr. Dugin! Could you tell our viewers what Antigloomyn is? Why is it so unique?” an off-camera interviewer asked.
“This drug helps people become self-sufficient and accept themselves as they are. A short course of treatment will help you improve your self-esteem, you’ll stop worry over trifles.  For example, women will no longer be depressed because some twenty-year-old from a commercial has more voluminous hair. They’ll have fewer reasons for a bad mood, and people will be happier.”
“In other words, Antigloomyn is some sort of pills for happiness?”
Dugin grinned, “Yeah, perhaps we can say so. At least I hope that Antigloomyn will make people happier.”
“When are you planning to start producing it?”
“Production will be launched in the nearest future. The mayor kindly provided us with production space that used to belong to another pharmaceutical company specializing in veterinary medications. They assessed all the risks and selected Antigloomyn. Go to a pet store, we have enough of medications for animals. But Antigloomyn will undoubtedly be a sensation on both local and world markets!”
“Thanks for your interview and good luck!” the interviewer turned his face to the camera. “And we have another surprise for the people of our city. Antigloomyn will be available for free! This is the way Scamandr wants to thank us for a warm welcome. Mr. Dugin promised in hope for a long-term collaboration…”
The interview made Gera’s father very excited,
“Incredible. It’s just incredible! You hear that? No, did you hear that? We are ahead of everybody! A unique drug, and it’s not in some world capital but here! It’s a great opportunity to present it to the whole world!” this is when Gera’s father fell silent, pondering over what exactly he would like to present to the world. His delight slightly perplexed Gera, who returned home a few minutes ago and didn’t have enough time to get inspired with the scale of the upcoming changes. 
“What drug?”
“Son, we’re at the point of a new era,” the father announced, throwing up his chin pompously. This Dugin’s a genius! Very talented! I’ve made a decision and it’s not for discussion. Tomorrow I’m going to apply for a job at Scamandr. The future of the planet is pharmaceutics!” 
The boy’s mother clasped her hands in dismay, but Gera became alerted only after a familiar last name grated on his ear.
“Hold on, tell me what happened and what Dugin has to do with it.”
Anna was shocked. All the more so because of her parents who were immensely enthusiastic about the news. It was obvious to the girl that if the drug was developed by Dugin, it was foul play there. And the fact that it was discussed on TV meant it was a washout! Anyway, she was unable to connect the counterarguments yet, so she decided not to object to her parents openly. Chernomorova’s phone call was very much to the point. 
“I personally don’t care but my parents are all over it. I start to worry about their sanity,” Romanova commented skeptically from her room.
“You know what, I kind of like this Antigloomyn. I think it’s a break-through!” Elena dumbfounded her friend. “I think we were mistaken about Dugin senior.”
“Elena, are you serious?” Anna exploded. “Mistaken? What about the fact that he manipulated Gera to intercept Perseus? You can’t deny it, Atlasov found out the radiation source. You’d better think about what happened to the city today! Haven’t you noticed anything suspicious? The people are staring at their TVs like zombies, with their mouths open, listening to the news about this freaking Antigloomyn! The mayor throws the veterinary company out to give the place to Dugin and his Scamandr, how so?”
“But the professor explained that there’re enough of pet medicines in the city…” Elena tried to object but ran into a storm of criticism.
“Right now maybe, but what about tomorrow? The company was shut down not for one or two days. It’s been shut down forever! Did it cross your mind why Antigloomyn will be distributed to the people for free? Have you ever heard that there’s no such thing as a free lunch?”
“Anna, calm down…” Chernomorova was giving up. “I think you’re exaggerating… Just think about it… What’s so wrong about a drug that helps people feel more confident?”
“You know, I don’t believe all those fine words about Antigloomyn’s positive effects. When people are completely pleased with themselves, they won’t need to improve themselves. Just imagine that nobody needs anything, all the goals are achieved. Or, to be more precise, there’re no goals to achieve anymore. The notion of self-criticism will disappear and the people will be completely satisfied with themselves and their lives. There will be no more inventions, beauty standards, sports achievements. People’ll stop compete with each other. Why study if I’m doing great without education? Why travel if I like being at my place? Or imagine that somebody gets sick. Instead of consulting a doctor, he’ll swallow some pills and start thinking he can endure it. He won’t see the doctor until it’s too late!”
“Gosh!” Chernomorova gave a deep sigh. “You have quite the imagination!” 
“In my opinion, Antigloomyn obviously leads to decay,” excited Anna panted out.
“You’re digging deep,” Chernomorova noted with a faint note of respect. “I’d never think of something like that…”
“Do you understand now what horrible consequences it may have? It’s a disaster!”
“All right, you’ve convinced me,” Elena agreed reluctantly. “What do you think Dugin needs it for?”
“Elementary, my dear Vatson! Poorly educated and passive people are easy to rule. That’s what the Dugins want. They want power. There’s nothing new under the sun…” Romanova summed up philosophically.
“We have to call Atlasov,” Elena said firmly.
The next morning, Gera’s father kept insisting on having his way. His mother put up with her husband’s decision suspiciously quickly. Humming a popular melody, the man was shaving in the bathroom preparing for an important day. He had many things to do: quit his job at the service center he hated so much, and apply for a position at Dugin’s company. Unable to stand his parents’ oddity anymore, Gera withdrew from home early.  
The street was crammed with flashy advertising billboards. The newly appeared pharmaceutical company could be seen everywhere, from bus stop glass panels to little kids’ balloons reading “Scamandr.” Even newspaper boxes were choke-full that day. While passing by one of them, Gera pulled out a newspaper which heading read “Antigloomyn as a Break-Through Towards Perfection!”
At the corner of the service center and a tire fitting shop Gera’s father worked for, the boy noticed familiar faces. He had to slacken his pace. The conversation between two workmen didn’t differ much from Balakhonov senior’s rhapsody he delivered the day before.
“Brainy professors we have in our city! You live near them and have no idea what grandiose discoveries are being made next door!” One of the workmen waved to Gera enthusiastically, “Hey, Balakhonov, where’s your father? It’s his shift today!” Unwilling to answer their questions and concluding that his father would probably want to deliver the news to his co-workers himself, Gera just waved his hand, meaning his father would turn up soon. 
Victor left his apartment almost simultaneously with Gera. A fuss over Michael Dugin didn’t escape the young tracker’s attention. “Mass madness,” was Tretyakov’s final verdict, when he saw Mrs. Klavdia with shopping bags reading “Scamandr” in her hands. He walked with hurried steps to the greenhouse. Unlike Chernomorova, Victor had no doubts about the professor’s evil intentions. Oh, that stir over the suspicious undertaking was in no way accidental…  

Chapter 12. An Attracting Offer

The girls delivered the alarming news right after Lomov’s urgent message. The latter confirmed the former: the city came under a powerful mental attack from Callirrhoe. Obviously, it was successful. The greenhouse was protected with a shield the young technicians brought from Arcas. Having a tiny island of safety amidst the chaos was inspiring. Those welcoming the guests the day before were lucky, because at the time of the attack all of them were at the apparatus hall. 
While the agitated classmates were gathering in the greenhouse, Atlasov and Lomov held an emergency teleconference. Alexey and Anatoly engaged in fulfilling practical tasks and received their supervisors’ approval. Alexey assumed that the attacks would come at certain intervals. It was important to avoid the influence. However, nobody could feel secured against mistakes. Besides, the assumption about the intervals might be wrong and the attacks might as well be chaotic. In case any of them came under the mental rays from Ganymede, they made a miniature device called “shower room.” Prophylaxis by means of the “shower room” was compulsory for all the visitors of the greenhouse. “We have to ensure ourselves against any risks,” Atlasov claimed. Lomov didn’t mind.
“So,” he shook his head sadly, bringing up the question about Antigloomyn. “Why do they need Scamandr? I have to admit I’m at a loss…”
“Dear experts,” Atlasov addressed to everybody present, “do you have any ideas?”
Alexey joined in the discussion, “Indeed, it seems strange that the Dugins undertook such a risky and energy-consuming venture as Scamandr, considering that so far they’ve been able to easily influence people’s minds by direct rays from Callirrhoe…”
“Maybe, they don’t have enough power?” Anatoly assumed.
“I don’t think so,” Lomov parried. “Judging by the attack they made on us, Callirrhoe has enough of power.  Giving this, I don’t understand why they didn’t do the same to the Earth. In fact, they influenced just one small city to introduce Antigloomyn. I wonder how much time it will take professor Dugin to extend his drug beyond the city. Anyway, knowing what Dugin and his team’s means are, I I’m puzzled. ”
Atlasov joined in with the conversation again, 
“This way, I suspect that Ivan and Michael might be in disagreement on purposes of the campaign, as well as means of their achievement. Do you remember Ruslan Kluev’s diary? It mentions some difference of opinion among them… As we also learned from his diary, Ivan likes harsh measures. Remember his plans about Arcas? It was Michael who insisted on less extreme measures. Maybe, this time the Earth escaped a fatal blow thanks to the professor again.”
“I guess you’re right about it, Eric.”
“Maybe, it’s much simpler than we think?” Alexey interfered. “Remember what prevented Callirrhoe from taking control of Arcas? Mysterious solar flares, right?” the audience prepared to listen to another version. “Maybe, there’s just one explanation to it? Yesterday, these very flares became an obstacle to the Callirrhoe rays!” 
“Nadezhda and Heydar stick to this version, too. If three of you’re right,” Lomov drawled thoughtfully, “then we can’t consider the flares a coincidence.”
“Our guardian angel, what else can it be?” Atlasov caught him up. 
“No, why?” Anatoly entered into polemics. “What if it’s actually a coincidence? The two events happened at a short interval…”
“Yeah,” Alexey interrupted him stingingly. “What an amazing coincidence! Magic flares interfere exactly when Ganymede makes another attack and their intensity is just the one needed to neutralize them! Not mentioning their direction. The Earth, Callisto… who cares! They’re almost like two neighboring villages!”
“All your versions are interesting and deserve consideration,” Lomov summed up. “Maybe, we all are right. One thing’s clear. Something interfered in Ivan Dugin’s grandiose plans, which made him turn to their contingency plan involving Antigloomyn that was developed by Ivan’s father Michael.”
This is when Victor stormed in, dragging Gera by his arm. “Let go of my sleeve,” Balakhonov muttered under his breath. 
Atlasov and Co. looked around with curiosity. The meeting came to a standstill.
“What’re you arguing about again?” Atlasov called to them. 
“We have to put Gera into the ‘shower room’ immediately!” infuriated Victor answered. “I met him when he was on his way to Scamandr! He was going to apply for a job! I have no idea where he might have picked up the virus! Callirrhoe’s last attack was yesterday! Looks like our Gera doesn’t need much, just to breathe in some poisoned air and by the next morning he has no brains left!”
“Hold on, guys!” Eric dampened Victor’s ardor. “Both of you’re going to need the ‘shower,’ regardless of the mess you’ve got into. That’s the rule, as you remember,” he summed up sternly.  
This is when everybody’s eyes were turned to Balakhonov in hopes of hearing a counterargument. Gera met their expectations by entering into a squabble with Tretyakov right away, 
“Victor, I’m sorry, but you’re a fool! Who told you about Scamandr? And why do you think I was going to the Scamandr office? I was going to a bus stop! It’s not my fault that it’s near Dugin’s company,” Gera pouted his lips angrily. He lacked only steam coming out of his ears to make the picture complete. 
“Stop it, okay?” Tretyakov insisted. “Take a shower, Gera. It doesn’t hurt, does it?” he turned to Alexey for support. “My mom told me about your plan. She talked to your mother over the phone and she said that Balakhonov was going to apply for a job at Scamandr. So, which one of us is lying?”
“You heard it on the grapevine, man,” Gera grinned. “You don’t know what you’re talking about. Accusing me unjustly… and I thought we were friends. Actually, there are two Balakhonovs in my family,” he finished pointedly. 
“You mean that…” Victor began to understand his mistake, but was too proud to admit it. 
“I mean that you should not blow the whistle on me!” Balakhonov raised his voice. “It’s my father who wants to work at Scamandr, and I was just going to the greenhouse!”
Atlasov interfered in the argument, “Victor was wrong but it’s understandable. We’re all under high pressure and the guy’s just on edge. Although it can be applied to all of us.”
“By the way, do you know the motto of all paranoiacs?” Alexey fanned the flames and, without waiting for an answer, continued, “Total distrust is a guarantee of security…” the wisecracker got confused, noticing Atlasov’s frosty stare, and muttered quietly, “I just thought it’s funny…”
But Atlasov didn’t feel like joking. Their run of luck couldn’t last forever – this was what Atlasov was worried about. As if to confirm his anxiety, the telephone rang.
It was Michael Dugin. He was perfectly calm, with not a shadow of nervousness, not a single fumble. He was speaking smoothly, as if he’d rehearsed his speech beforehand. Atlasov couldn’t but give the old professor credit for his self-control. Eric wished he could be like that. Eric silently listened to the professor’s greeting. But behind the seeming composure was stupor. In fact, Atlasov couldn’t force himself to utter a word. He came to his senses only after he caught Anatoly’s anxious glance on himself. Atlasov put the phone on speaker. Lomov had hung up by that time, so he wasn’t to witness the grandiose talk. 
“Why are you playing mum, man?” the whole temporary headquarters echoed with a low unfamiliar male voice. The perspicacious old man began to understand what caused his younger rival’s confusion. 
“I’m fine, Michael. You just took me by surprise. I in no way expected to hear your voice.”
Hearing the professor’s name, Gera who just got out of the “shower” froze like a statue. The same happened to the rest. The arrangement of figures coupled with their facial expression reminded of the final scene from Gogol’s The Government Inspector. Noticing the mass stupor, the girls also fell silent and grew alerted. Fortunately, Dugin senior couldn’t know about the impression produced. He continued in a bellicose voice,
“I believe it’s time to place the cards on the table and speak openly. I hate beating about the bush. I like a straight fight. ”
“Well, I agree,” Atlasov nodded. “And I like the fact that you started a dialogue first.”
“Then let it be the end of the cold war,” Dugin delivered a verdict.
“All right,” Eric agreed. “So, what do you want?”
“What do you think I want, Eric?” the professor gave a laugh. “A mere capitulation.”
“Right, not a big deal,” Atlasov played up to the ambiguous joke. “What if we refuse?”
“You know what we’re capable of. Callirrhoe has become extremely powerful while working independently. We know Arcas better than you think. The greenhouse you’ve been hiding so thoroughly for the last two years is no longer a secret to us, owing to the visit of your assistants,” this is where Victor drew his head into his shoulders guiltily, while Gera gave him a revengeful malignant glance. “I guess you know what your chances of winning are.”
“So, what’s going to happen to Arcas in case we refuse to capitulate? You didn’t answer,” Atlasov repeated his question.  There ensued a strained pause. A deep sigh could be heard on the other end of the line. “You know, Eric, I don’t want a war. A lot of great specialists work at Arcas. Collaboration is what we all need. But in case you refuse the offer, I’m going to have to agree with my son. Arcas will be destroyed.” 
“Okay…” Atlasov was playing for time. “And what’s going to happen if we give you a positive answer?”
“I’m glad you’re finally saying this,” the professor answered in a gay voice. “You’re reasoning like a man. We plan to merge the two stations into one large enterprise. Of course, Arcas will pass under the control of Callirrhoe but I can assure you your managers won’t come off losers. I personally guarantee them high-profile positions in new departments. What do you think? An advantageous offer, isn’t it?”
“It depends…” Atlasov replied vaguely. “Could you tell me about the aims of the new enterprise? What’s it going to be like?”
“Oh, we have most noble aims, I assure you! I’m sure you’ve heard about Antigloomyn.”
“Of course.”
“Yesterday, I told about its therapeutic effects. So, our aim will be this very effect.”
“But on a larger scale?” Atlasov made a guess.
“Exactly,” Michael Dugin replied. “We want to embrace the whole planet.”
“Why? What’s going to happen when all the people become happy? What’re you going to do next?”
“We’ll create a new society, a new social structure, which has nothing to do with the one existing today!” the professor finished solemnly. 
“We will build our new world,” Atlasov summed up with a quote from The Internationale. “The humanity’s been through this. More than once, by the way. Oh, Michael, Michael… You’ve been studying the human brain for so many years, but you obviously have a gap in your knowledge of history.”
“Don’t say this, Atlasov,” Dugin’s voice became rigid again. “I’ve read much more books than you, be sure about that. The thing is in the past nobody had what we have now. And we have a unique weapon in our hands!”
Eric didn’t want to argue, but decided that the argument wasn’t convincing enough. There’ve been too many attempts to do the same and all of them failed. He knew that each innovator thought he had a “unique” weapon.
“I see what you mean, Michael. Thanks for clarifying the situation. I should admit that there’s nothing worse than not knowing. But now, when we are aware of Callirrhoe’s plans, no more guessing. Will you give us some time to think it over? I’m not authorized to make decisions on my own, you know,” Atlasov said.
“Yes, of course. I give you four days and you have to make your final irrevocable decision. While you’re thinking, I call a truce. I take Ivan on myself. I’m confident that finally we’ll establish close and mutually beneficial collaboration. My best wishes,” the professor summed up and, without waiting for an answer, hung up.
Atlasov turned to his team slowly, as if unwilling. He had sweat on his horsehead, his face expressing great strain.

Chapter 13. Lomov Suggests a Solution

Porphyry’s nook was crowded. The gathering was spontaneous, so everyone made oneself comfortable the way they liked it. Porphyry and Rene settled amid a heap of wires in the corner. Like birds in a nest, they were puffing away at aromatic tobacco pipes. The ladies, Ludmila the secretary and Nadezhda Atlasova, nestled in the old shabby chairs. Pasha and Arthur made themselves at home climbing onto the old power supply units. The rest residents of the station placed themselves randomly. They had to demonstrate savvy because every free inch of Porphyry’s nook was worth its weight in gold. Lomov and Straus were the only two exceptions and were seated at the head of the round table Porphyry used to enjoy his tea at. The fact that the situation was critical was confirmed by Lomov’s odd behavior – he started smoking.  Local old-timers claim they saw Alexander smoking only once. It was the day they received the order to return to the Earth. Half an hour ago, Atlasov reported to the Arcas management about Dugin’s four-day ultimatum. The children, who happened to be at the greenhouse and witness the conversation, informed their classmates. As a rule, sensational news spreads instantly and Arcas was no exception. In other words, those who were at Porphyry’s knew what happened. 
“Looks like you know why we’re here,” Lomov addressed to the staff. The people nodded unanimously. “So, we have just four days… I’d like to hear you first. Do you have any ideas?”
The question caught them unawares. There was a moment of absolute silence, which was suddenly broken by Heydar who stormed in, gabbling, “Alexander… here… very interesting… take a look at the information on the last attack against Earth!”
“What’s that?” Lomov reached for the papers in confusion.
“Perfect,” he said gloomily, after studying them carefully. “Our guardian angel’s gone. The solar flares which prevented Callirrhoe from destroying Arcas disappeared. I’m afraid, from now on we have to count on ourselves only.”
The announcement threw the people into disarray. Growl rose from the crowd. Suddenly, Rene began to speak,
“Does it apply to Arcas only or the Earth, too?”
“The Earth’s still relatively safe,” Lomov calmed him down. “The run of luck went against us only.”
A faint note of relief could be heard in Nilsson’s voice, 
“Thank God,” he gave a deep sigh, but noticing his co-workers’ perplexed faces, explained, “I’m worried about my wife and daughter. Knowing that they’re in danger and I can’t help them is driving me crazy! If I could, I’d smash Dugin with my own hands…”
“Whoa-whoa! Calm down, Rene!” Lomov interrupted him. “Nothing bad’s happened yet and we have some time to think of something.”
“But do we have a choice?” Porphyry asked in a surprised voice.
“Not really, but we can always come up with an alternative solution.”
“What’re you talking about?” the old man screwed up his eyes cunningly. 
“Since Callirrhoe gave us some time for a maneuver, it would be blasphemy not to use this opportunity.”
Porphyry knew when Alexander spoke in riddles, he was going to perform an exploit.  Lomov’s words aroused hopes in him. 
“All right, since you have no suggestions, I’ll voice mine. I believe that the only way to save Arcas is to neutralize Callirrhoe.”
“No doubts about that…” a quiet voice came from the crowd.
“I haven’t finished,” Lomov cut it short. “We don’t have means to neutralize it, so I suggest fighting fire with fire, meaning turning the enemy’s weapon on the enemy himself.”
The people kept silent, waiting, when Straus asked,
“What’re you up to, Alexander?”
“I’m going to go to Ganymede.”
There came shouts of surprise.
“In secret, of course. To realize the plan, I have to contact Peter Chuzhakov. I need a person who has access to Callirrhoe. He’s going to play the same role Ruslan Kluev played at Arcas.”
“It’s a good idea, but how’re you going to get to Ganymede unnoticed? And how’re you going to find Peter? It’s not that easy,” the questions showered on Lomov’s head like from some horn of plenty. 
“I don’t know yet,” he admitted. “The one thing that I know for sure is that I’m going to need a partner. We’ll improvise, play by ear. I don’t think it’s going to be that difficult to sneak past Ganymede’s security system because they’re unlikely to have improved it since after the split. They assigned all resources to the study of latent brainpower and development of mental weapons.”
“You have a point,” Straus agreed. “Probably, they still use the groundwork we had before the split. Plus, they don’t have many technical specialists. Best case scenario, they can more or less handle scheduled maintenance of the new station and space shuttles, but we can hardly speak about innovation…”
“As for Arcas, it’s totally different,” Lomov caught up Straus’s thought. “We’ve left our colleagues from Ganymede far behind during these years.”
The boys who were sitting not far from Lomov were appreciably excited. It could be seen in the way they were fidgeting and whispering something to each another. Arthur automatically pulled out the key tag he found in Kluev’s room and had been carrying with him ever since. It felt so good touching it. Learning about the trip to Ganymede, Arthur’s longing for adventures surged up within him again. It was his chance to put an end to their idleness! It was an opportunity to prove themselves and spread their wings. Arthur told Pasha about his idea to force their company upon Lomov. Hearing it, Lugansky got enthusiastic, but then expressed uncertainty about Lomov’s decision, “Atlasov had no choice when he decided to send us to Callisto. Plus, unlike Lomov, he’s an adventurer… I doubt that Alexander would agree to risk our lives again. Besides, how can we help him? We aren’t scientists…”
“Pasha, there’s no harm in trying!”
“You’re right,” Lugansky agreed, “let’s give it a shot.”
Meanwhile, the meeting went on. The takeoff was scheduled for the next morning. However, choosing an assistant might take Lomov longer than he planned. The discussion was deadlocked when Arthur took the floor. The adults were amazed at the little boy’s fervent zeal,
“Alexander, let Pasha and me go with you to Ganymede. We have experience in space flights. Eric Atlasov staked on us and he was right!”
“We won’t let you down, we promise!” Lugansky caught him up.
“I believe you, Pasha,” Lomov said after a short pause. “But I’m not going to stake your lives again. There’re plenty of good specialists of my age at Arcas who could be my assistants. No offence, guys,” This is when Lomov pinched Arthur’s cheek to cheer him up.
It seemed everything was lost. It was too naïve to believe that fate would give them another chance. No, such a chance is presented to a person once in a lifetime. The rest of the time one has to count on oneself only. “Of course! Count on oneself!” Arthur exclaimed in a low voice. His eyes twinkled. Pasha was the only one who heard him. He looked at his friend with surprise. In the course of the long bitter debate, the candidacy of the assistant was finally approved. It was Heydar Alakhverdiev. He was considered to be the best partner for Lomov. He was young, smart and a great stayer. He agreed to go on an expedition right away. To give Atlasov his due, Lomov contacted him to tell him about their plan. Eric liked the idea, thus the matter was settled. The meeting was over and the people, concerned about the upcoming event, rapidly dispersed all over the station. 
Some noise in an adjacent room woke Pasha up in the middle of the night. Opening his eyes, he saw a streak of light. Without getting up, Lugansky called to his friend, 
“Why aren’t you sleeping? It’s 4 a.m.!”
The rustle subsided for a moment and then resumed. Arthur didn’t reply. Utterly intrigued, Pasha pulled away the blanket reluctantly. Entering Bogumirov’s room, he saw Arthur sitting on the floor surrounded by wrinkled clothes, CDs and books. Finally, he looked at his friend,
“I didn’t want to wake you up early. I can’t sleep. I realized I wouldn’t be able to fall asleep tonight. I don’t know about you, but I’m not staying here. I want to sneak into Lomov’s spaceship. Are you with me?”
A profound silence ensued. 
“But wait…” Pasha muttered in a sleepy voice, “just like that? Let’s talk about it.”
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Arthur cut him short. “I’m fed up with Arcas and its endless get-togethers. We haven’t even been outside yet!” he exploded. “I’m sneaking into the spaceship and come what may!”
“Don’t be unfair!” Pasha objected. “Why’re you saying so about Arcas? Go home if you’re fed up.”
Arthur realized he’d gone a bit too far, “No, it’s not what I mean, Pasha. There are wonderful people here at Arcas, we can learn from them a lot, but you know… I can’t just do nothing, it’s killing me! They keep saying we’re kids and that’s why we should be quiet and canny, but we’re not kindergarteners! I think they underestimate us. And I’m going to prove it to them. What’s your decision?”
Lugansky thought for a moment. Arthur’s fiery speech produced an effect. Perhaps, it was also because of the fact that Pasha was awakened and his common sense, the only thing that could resist Bogumirov’s pressure, was sleeping. 
“I’m going with you.”
“Great!” Arthur finished happily. “We’re leaving in an hour. The spaceship takes off at 6 a.m. Pack up your stuff! The security system is taken care of and it’s not going to go off when we enter the space launching site…”
PART 3. GANYMEDE

Chapter 1. Truth About Peter Chuzhakov

The clock struck midnight. Peter was turning over – uneasy thoughts kept him awake. He couldn’t forgive himself his terrible blunder that cost him Internet connection with the Earth. Not only his attempt to transmit information to his online friend was disclosed, but he also got in his bosses’ bad books, which is putting it mildly. The young man was sort of grounded. His movements were recorded by a portable camera he wasn’t to take off. The camera was embedded in a band to be put on his head. The boy escaped a more severe punishment due to his parents, whose opinion carried weight among their colleagues, especially his mother’s. As a result of her fanatic devotion to her job, the woman had some influence. By more severe measures they implied mental influence or, to put it simple, brainwashing. To have the matter out, Peter’s mother talked to Dugin personally. Her attempts to persuade him finally resulted in a “conditional sentence.” 
Peter’s plans turned into a fiasco the moment he forgot to disconnect from the internal network.  He had always been very careful complying with all formalities, but that night he was overly excited. The news he wanted to share with Anna was so important that Peter disregarded simple precaution measures. Typing his final message, he didn’t notice Mr. Borisov enter the room. Turning around, he saw the man’s intent look who, without saying a word, pulled the main cable out. “I messed up, dammit!” flashed through Peter’s mind. The feeling he had when he was disclosed still made his cheeks blush. The thought of his plan being miscarried was torturing. There was one thing though that calmed him down. His conversation with Anna yielded results. He knew it because of the stir caused by Ruslan Kluev’s return to Callirrhoe. The escapee told about two terrestrial schoolchildren who arrived at the station to share the news about Ruslan’s true mission they somehow knew about with Lomov. 
Peter was also thinking about his upcoming meeting with Ivan Dugin. It was scheduled for the next day. Ivan decided to break the silent condemnation and talk to the defector. The boy imagined his mother’s guilty face who was sure to be present during the dressing-down, which was even more distressing. Peter didn’t feel like sleeping. He got up from his bed and put on his gym suit. He clapped on his camera band and came out to the hall. 
It was deserted. The daily rhythm at Callirrhoe was maintained according to the earth time. The inhabitants of the station were sleeping soundly in their beds, even though it was midday at Ganymede (because one day there equals to three and a half days on Earth). Peter headed to the cafeteria, the only place at Callirrhoe to enjoy the view of Ganymede in all its beauty due to its transparent outside wall.  
The Sun looks different as seen from Ganymede. Scarcely visible, the small spot of the Sun’s disk is barely traceable in the sky. The enormous bulk of Jupiter, on the other hand, which is hanging over Ganymede, covers half the sky.  To feel the difference, try to imagine that the Moon in the sky of the Earth looks fifteen times as small as Jupiter looks in the sky of Ganymede! Peter’s father told him about it. The boy hadn’t had a chance to see it with his own eyes yet. Despite this, he longed with his all heart to one day find himself there, turn his face towards the warm sun, watch the faint moonlight. Peter was sick and tired of Ganymede’s gloom and cold. He was no longer fascinated by it. 
Ahead of Peter, as far as he could see, was a plain of sand and stone. The gloominess of the scene made him shrink involuntary. Memories about his happy childhood at Arcas came flooding back to him. Of course, the picture behind the window back then didn’t differ much from the one he was looking at, but its lack of light had never been so painful. A lot of things changed after they moved to Ganymede. First of all, relations between people. Once friendly atmosphere became tense and high-strung. This is when Peter noticed some estrangement between his parents.  Peter’s mother became utterly absorbed in Dugin’s ambitious projects, while his father preferred routine station maintenance works. Besides, Peter Chuzhakov missed his friends who stayed at Acras: Eric Atlasov, Porphyry and even the seemingly unapproachable Alexander Lomov, whose faces were wreathed in smiles upon seeing little Peter. But all things eventually come to an end. So did his happy childhood at Callisto. 
A lanky figure silhouetted in the doorway. Peter’s reflection was interrupted by his bitterest enemy Ruslan Kluev. A wicked glitter lit his black eyes. Seeing his opponent, Ruslan quickened his steps. He wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to fall on Chuzhakov again. Paying off old scores started the moment Dugin’s offspring had to return to Ganymede. His espionage mission failed because of two terrestrial delegates. He had spent days analyzing the situation, until he realized that the person responsible for it was Peter Chuzhakov. The information about his subversive activities at Arcas reached Lomov because of him and even the information blockade set up by Callirrhoe specialists didn’t prevent it from happening. This gave Ruslan the right to consider Chuzhakov his enemy number one and not conceal his dislike. He tried to persuade his father to take harsh measures against the traitor, but Peter’s mother had been his counterbalance. 
“Why’re you here, alien? Have you been allowed to walk around the station unaccompanied?” Kluev launched his attack. “Alien” was an offensive nickname he made up to remind him once again of his extraterrestrial origin. Ruslan was a born psychologist. Aware of his opponent’s weak points, he always knew how to cut to the quick. Indeed, Peter Chuzhakov was ashamed of this part of his biography, he felt his inferiority. The boy tried to make up for lack of real experience with listening to and reading stories about the Earth. Luckily, every station worker had a bunch of stories from their past! The boy liked listening to his father most of all. He could do it for hours. An incredible world was opening up for him. It was the world of friendship, love and heroic deeds.  
Peter didn’t scare easily. He wasn’t going to retreat in the face of Kluev’s attacks. 
“Yeah, I was born at Callisto, but I’m more concerned about the future of the Earth than you, its true offspring!” he parried.
“Well-well, interesting!” Ruslan said mockingly, making himself comfortable in the chair. He crossed his arms and looked at Peter defiantly, “What do you think caring about the planet is? Maybe, it’s your pitiful attempts to contact some wimpy gal via the Internet? Although, I should give you your due, your stupid plan worked! Thank you very much, now we have a bunch of problems to take care of. And why the hell are you so considerate? ” 
“You can make as many spiteful remarks as you want. I don’t care,” Ruslan was listening to the accusation with perfect calm. “And yes, I’m glad my ‘stupid’ plan worked. I hope now the guys from Arcas will be able to prevent your insane father from making the biggest mistake of his life.”
“Don’t you dare to insult my father!” Kluev got enraged. “There’s no word for it! A traitor walks around the station and dares to tell me, ME! such things about my father! No, Chuzhakov, you’ve gone too far. It’s time to stop this. Prepare for a purge! Tomorrow I’m reporting about you to the management!”
“Don’t worry,” Chuzhakov took the band off his head and put it on the table in front of Ruslan. “I myself will make sure Dugin finds out about our conversation.”
“Of course, I’ll find out. Or rather I’ve already found out!” a familiar male voice burst out. Ivan Dugin was standing in the doorway. 
A middle-aged man, he had grey hair at his temples. His forehead was lined with deep wrinkles, his face frozen in a thoughtful expression. Actually, thoughtfulness had been his permanent companion lately. A new phase of their relations with Arcas took all his energy. 
Ivan Dugin was approaching the two opponents, his eyes fixed on Jupiter hanging over the horizon majestically. 
“I’m not going to lecture you on violation of the rules,” he stared at Peter. Ruslan flushed with anger, but didn’t dare to argue with his father. “I’d like to talk to you about something different. There’s some misunderstanding between you and me and I’m here to resolve all doubts,” Dugin could be persuasive when he wanted. Peter was to find out what it felt like. 
“I know what you’re going to say. I want to warn you: you won’t be able to change my mind! I’m not a fool!” the young man flared up.
“I’d like you to not use that tone of voice. After I leave, you can argue with Ruslan as long as you want. But now calm down. We have something to talk about.”
Peter nodded tensely after giving it a short thought.
“Peter, I’m afraid you misunderstood the purposes of Callirrhoe,” Dugin began. “Believe us, we wish our ancestral home well not less than you.”
Chuzhakov waved his hand and turned around to give Ivan to understand that he wasn’t interested in what he was saying.
“Listen to me.”
“Dad, why’re you trying to persuade him? He turns up his nose at you!” Ruslan lost his patience but was cut short by Dugin’s eloquent gaze. He continued,
“Do you think we’re doing harm to the planet? Turning people into zombies and making them dance to our fiddle? It’s not that simple. It depends on how you look at it. We want people to be happy and it’s not mere words. But you see, uncontrolled, people turn into a crowd. Human mass is an organism that can function only in case of well-coordinated work of all its part. Here’s an example. Imagine a water flow. It can only become strong when all its particles move in the same direction.”
“That’s what I’m talking about. People are just small cogs for you. You don’t care about the needs of each ‘particle.’ But try to find out if they want this happiness, given the price they have to pay? You want to achieve your goals using others. But you don’t give a damn about the goals of those others!” Peter got himself all worked up. 
“Don’t be too hard on me. I do give a damn about your opinion, for example,” Dugin grinned. “Still, let me reassure you. I can imagine how you came to think like this. It seems to me that the foundation of it is mere anarchy. Your motto is like give people freedom and they’ll figure out what to do with it. Amazingly, but the centuries-old history of humanity proves the opposite! They won’t figure out, they’ll disperse like an unattended flock over a plain. People need to be encouraged to create, put on the right track. You want my plan to end in a fiasco, but what can you offer instead? What plan do you have? Speak up! We all want to hear it!”
Peter noted anxiously that Dugin’s words produced an effect. He had a point and there was logic in what he said. Unable to think of a proper rebuff right away, the boy panicked. But believing Ivan, taking his words on trust, was even sillier. Something was missing from his speech, but Chuzhakov couldn’t figure out what it was. Dugin’s question baffled him. He was right. What could he offer instead? The young man never thought about it, but he should have. 
“I believe the aims the Arcas sets before itself are rather noble. It would be unwise to digress from them,” Chuzhakov parried after a slight hesitation. 
“Bingo!” Dugin exclaimed. “Turns out you’re guided by naked faith. I thought you had your own head on your shoulders. Or was I mistaken?”
“I admit you’ve disarmed me,” Peter replied. “You’re extremely persuasive. But I’d like to learn more about Arcas to be able to compare. I have to think about it.”
Ruslan gave a gloating grin, taking his opponent’s decision as a sign of capitulation. He was sure about their victory. 
“You’ve made the right decision,” Dugin expressed his approval. “Think about it and you’ll understand that I’m right. As a sign of my confidence in you, from now on I allow you not to wear the camera band.”
“Dad, are you crazy?” Ruslan hissed. “What if he…” Ivan cut his son short with an imperious gesture.  “Our conversation’s over for today. And you,” he addressed to Ruslan, “come to my office tomorrow morning. We need to talk.”
Each went his way in silence.

Chapter 2. The Rise of Callirrhoe

Ivan Dugin never doubted his powers of persuasion.  He was going to catch Peter Chuzhakov with his bare hands. Of course, the psychophysiology-based methods of persuasion developed by his grandfather were 100% effective. Yet, deep in his heart Ivan believed it to be a gross interference in people’s mind. He personally preferred filigree work. Dugin junior liked traditional ways of suggestion which go back to the time when psychophysiology as a science didn’t exist. Instead, people had such skills as elocution, flattery, calculation or simple intuition. To make the boy a puppet was like taking candy from a baby, and the achievements of the Callirrhoe laboratory on Earth served as proof. It was more difficult to make Peter make a conscious decision in favor of Dugin’s team. The mission seemed impossible on the face of it. Peter was disappointed of Callirrhoe’s mission. But, being a loyal follower of the science of the ancients, Ivan knew that between denial of an idea and its acceptance was a very fine line. This is what the sly fox wanted to take advantage of. He decided to act kindly, feeling his way and avoiding criticism and pressure. In other words, he wanted to worm his way into the boy’s confidence, win authority. The conflict between Peter and Ruslan served his insidious aim perfectly, because he could always take Chuzhakov’s side, thus playing the role of an equitable judge to whom justice is more important than ties of blood. And that’s just the beginning of it. Dugin was going to move on to the second part of his plan which was “conversion to the right faith” as soon as Peter had some respect for him. Ivan couldn’t understand why all of a sudden the boy rebelled against Callirrhoe’s policy. He didn’t see it coming. Obviously, a mistake had been made and Dugin wanted to figure out what it was. He always strived for the truth and it ran in his blood.  However, the picture also had its dark side. Hard intellectual work, as well as the confrontation with Arcas, began to affect Dugin’s health. He suffered from insomnia and was irritable while talking to his employees. But he couldn’t give up. He had to finish what he’d started, no lunch break or vacation allowed.
That morning, Ivan was sitting in his office, knocking on the table with a pen thoughtfully. He was thinking about small things that happened at the station recently. Maybe, Peter Chuzhakov was provoked by Mr. Borisov’s experiment on schoolchildren who “all of a sudden” refused to attend classes. But everybody at Callirrhoe was pleased with the results. Everything went swimmingly. The children had been on strike for two weeks. They threw themselves heart and soul into it and the teachers were unable to cool their ardor. They sought help from the parents, asking them to talk to their children outside the school.  But it didn’t help, either. The rebellion stopped only after they terminated the experiment. Two weeks later, the principal, as well as the teachers, gave a sigh of relief but they never found out what triggered their students’ impudent behavior. Another experiment was carried out on Lugansky and Bogumirov’s school. The purpose of the experiment was to foment a conflict over the introduction of school uniform. Seeds of discord sown on the forum grew into a battle between schoolchildren and their parents. The research pursued mostly observation purposes and Mr. Borisov wasn’t going to end it yet. The scientists wanted to figure out how different groups of people behave in a conflict situation. Dugin recalled that Peter Chuzhakov was in the lab when the first experiment was carried out. At the time he worked under the direction of senior researcher of human motives Mr. Borisov. Without putting it off, Dugin contacted the lab, dialing the intercom number they inherited from Arcas.
All Callirrhoe’s equipment was adopted from Acras. It was getting out of date because Callisto lacked specialists qualified enough to maintain it up to standard. Dugin was worried that the information about it might leak out, but they had to focus on other issues. Without deceiving himself with wise arguments, Dugin came up with the simplest solution possible of how to get advanced technologies. They just stole it from Arcas. A kite was flown when they made Gera Balakhonov send the spaceship to Ganymede. But their plan failed because of Eric Atlasov, Dugin’s long-standing foe. He managed to reprogram the autopilot and the spaceship stayed on Earth. Dugin’s second attempt was more successful. His son Ruslan was lucky to hijack one of the space shuttles, but that time it was from Arcas. The hijacker was met with a great ovation. This is how Callirrhoe got a brand new Perseus, an interplanetary space ship full of state-of-the-art equipment.  The game was worth the candle! It was easy prey for Callirrhoe, so they decided to resume raids in future.  
Mr. Borisov was in his office, as usual. He always spent most of his time working. Dugin questioned him about Chuzhakov’s participation in the experiments. 
“You’re absolutely right. Peter has been in the lab since the moment we began our first experiment. I didn’t give him any particular explanations, but he was obviously amazed by what was going on,” the scientist paused, “or rather I’d say he was indignant and disappointed at the same time. The boy asked why we were abusing Callirrhoe’s scientific achievements experimenting on kids, as if they were some guinea pigs.”
“I think I begin to understand, Mr. Borisov. Thanks for the information. You really helped me. It’s exactly what I wanted to hear,” Dugin hung up without going into details. The picture was as clear as day. But why didn’t anybody talk to Peter before the experiment? Why didn’t they make him understand how obviously useful and, more importantly, necessary such experiments were? Who let him in the laboratory, when he was completely unprepared for it morally? The answers to these questions were known to Chuzhakov’s mother, but he was going to talk to her later. Dugin decided not to hurry and win Peter’s favor bit by bit. Judging by Chuzhakov’s reaction, Ivan was on the right track and he didn’t want to force the issue. He had to focus on something different.
All his thoughts were about Arcas. His father’s suggestion to merge the two stations was a great surprise to Ivan.  He was sure that the matter was settled and Arcas was to be destroyed together with its personnel! But Michael Dugin didn’t like that turn of events. The old man was resolute and he intended to stand his ground. There was some logic in what he said though. It made sense to get Arcas’s unique technologies before destroying it. But to collaborate with Lomov and Atlasov? Offer them leading positions on almost equal terms? It was nonsense and Ivan wasn’t going to let himself be led by the old man’s overactive imagination. His pride was hurt and it was rebelling against the crazy idea. Besides, it wasn’t some greenhorn Chuzhakov who read too much Stevenson and Jack London. Dugin never expected to have a blow delivered by his father! Besides, he still remembered the way he was treated at Arcas. His unrequited love for Nadezhda Soboleva (later Atlasova), his unsuccessful career in the psychophysiology lab… they still haunted him. And for Ivan, there was just one person responsible for all his misfortunes. It was Eric Atlasov. Wherever he went, he bumped into his diabolical figure! That bat jumped out of hell to upset Ivan’s plans every time he was up to something. And his father suggested offering the olive branch to him, come to the negotiating table! Unbelievable!  He played back the tape to return to the time the base was in the making. 
A young employee Nadezhda Soboleva came into the limelight some two days after she arrived at the station. Kind-hearted and funny, she won the hearts of the entire male population of Arcas, which was pretty much the whole staff.  Nadezhda introduced coziness into the place which all the men missed so much. She and Porphyry began making it comfortable, never forgetting to fulfill their duties. Nadezhda was flawless. She succeeded everywhere, whether it was the new department of astrology predictions or the kitchen where she assisted the chef. Even though Dugin was just one of her numerous admirers, he also was one of the most persistent ones. However, all his efforts proved to be in vain. Nadezhda reciprocated the feelings of only one person. His name was Eric Atlasov. In an attempt to revenge himself, Ivan decided to win recognition in the psychophysiology lab run by Atlasov, but he failed there too, never gaining authority among his colleagues. His boiling point was reached the day they received the order to destroy the station. This is when Ivan became obsessed by a desire to revenge himself not only on Atlasov, but also on all the mean terrestrials who doomed him to death. Angry with the whole world, Dugin made up a plan. He was going to make a revolution at the station and, unlike all his previous undertakings, he succeeded with this one. It turned out Dugin had a vocation not for science but for intrigues against his more successful coworkers. He persuaded certain people that Arcas was on the wrong track. It should be noted that he selected most conceited ones in whom he easily aroused the feeling of discontent. They quickly favored the idea of a new station where each of them would be given an honorary position. For some time, the group of rebels knocked together hastily was harboring the plan of actions secretly. A split was brewing at the station, but the management had no idea about it. Once the rebels realized they’d found their feet, they presented Lomov with an ultimatum. Initially, Dugin’s followers weren’t going to go that far. Moving to Ganymede was an extreme measure they considered only theoretically. They planned to propose a new course and take over the reins of power.  But Lomov refused point-blank to make any concessions. The station was declared to continue pursuing the same policy, the one defined back then when they lived on Earth. Dugin voiced a weighty argument to shake Lomov’s convictions. He reminded him that not long ago their terrestrial bosses were going to grind Arcas into cosmic dust. “And you want to stick to the policy laid down by the people who wanted to kill you?” Dugin finished reasonably. Without a moment’s hesitation, Lomov parried that he was all the more surprised by the fact that his coworkers wanted a split after everything they’d been through. Atlasov supported Alexander. In his opinion, Arcas had a second birth and all of them had to unite, instead of pulling the blanket on oneself. Yet, those speeches produced no effect on the workers blinded by a need for power.  Realizing that they wouldn’t reach a compromise, they began to pack up to go to Ganymede. This is when Ivan swore that he’d do everything he could to make his enemies regret their decision.
Callirrhoe had been pursuing policy of confrontation against Arcas ever since. The people who stayed at Callisto had to defend themselves against continuous attacks, even though confrontations went against the station’s spirit.
After a while, when Dugin settled down at Ganymede, he informed his father about his well-being. The old man was in the seventh heaven to hear the news about his son’s resurrection, because the rumor was spread on Earth about the destruction of the research station. This is when their collaboration began. Ivan shared with his father his ambitious plans, holding back the real motives. They decided to get Ivan’s son Ruslan Kluev involved in the project, who at the time studied at a university. Ruslan was happy to help his father and grandfather carry out their mission. The thought of work at a secret research station was exciting. This is how the whole family got in the driver’s seat of Callirrhoe. Maria Klueva was the only one who knew nothing about it. Dugin insisted that his wife never found out the truth about him. Ruslan tried to change his father’s mind, but he remained adamant. For Maria Klueva, Ivan was dead permanently. 

Chapter 3. To the Den of the Enemy on the Quiet

Crossing the threshold of the spaceship, Pasha and Arthur still didn’t feel secure. They decided to settle down in the storage room stuffed with provisions. The boys selected it as probably the last place Lomov and Heydar would go to. They hoped it would happen long after the takeoff, when it would be too late to put their fellow travelers off. The boys tried not to think about the inevitable talk to Lomov. It was too scary even to think about. Arthur was a good improviser so he hoped to talk his way out on the spot.  Waiting in the storage was no big deal for them because it was a matter of a few hours, not days. The escapees got aboard long before the crew, so they had some time to put their thoughts in order and calm down. Pasha’s sleepiness vanished as if by magic once he agreed to Bogumirov’s shady enterprise. His classmate’s excitement proved to be infectious which frightened the always reasonable Lugansky. He could only think about how he would explain to Lomov their being in the space ship. Even Arthur’s confident “I’ll take care of it” was unconvincing. Pasha noted sarcastically that he never doubted his buddy’s talent but they’d better think of a good excuse beforehand. “I hope they won’t put us off as stowaways in outer space,” he summed up gloomily. “I think we’ll only have to pay a fine,” Bogumirov reassured him, this finishing the disturbing conversation.
The storage had hardly enough room for two. The boys settled somehow on the floor, but had to double up. Arthur looked at the shelves full of foodstuffs the way the predator looks at his prey. To his deepest disappointment, no chocolate was found. Hardly had he calmed down, when he noticed a pot of strawberry jam standing at the upper shelf. Lugansky watched his friend get up to reach for it in terror.  The thought of eating something filled him with disgust. 
“You’re amazing,” Bogumirov hemmed, climbing down. “Don’t you know that some people have a ravenous appetite under a great stress? I guess it’s not about you.”
The boys were talking in whisper in order not to be discovered too soon.
“I wonder how Lomov’s going to contact Peter Chuzhakov…” Pasha asked rhetorically, finding himself face to face with Arthur. Bogumirov took a map out from his backpack.   
“Here’s the place Lomov’s going to land,” he pointed to a plain outlined by a red line. “It’s the so called Galileo Area. As you understand, they chose it not by chance. Their main condition was remoteness from Callirrhoe. Lomov made a logical conclusion that it would be silly to turn up right in front of Dugin’s sidekicks,” Arthur raised his head to run into Pasha’s inquiring look. 
“How do you know?” Lugansky asked with suspicion.
The speaker fell silent to, apparently, think of which lie to tell, but Pasha guessed the answer before he could say anything.
“Does Porphyry have anything to do with it? Did he give you this information?” Pasha gave a piercing glance to his classmate. There was no point denying it. 
“You guessed right,” Arthur admitted. “We made up this plan yesterday during the lunch break,” Lugansky nodded, recalling Arthur’s suspicious absence in the cafeteria the guys from Arcas flocked to after the meeting. 
“Sly old man!” Pasha admired Porphyry involuntary. “So it was he who gave you the idea of going to Ganymede!”
“No, it was my idea. Or rather… no. That’s not what happened. The thing is it turned out Porphyry and I shared the same view on the problem. I told him what I thought about it and he said he was of the same mind.”
“What a great team you are,” Pasha summed up.
Arthur shrugged his shoulders imperturbably. 
“All right,” Lugansky returned to the subject. “Let’s assume the space ship lands on Ganymede unnoticed. What’s next? Are we going to send to Chuzhakov carrier pigeons?”
“Yeah, funny,” Arthur hemmed. “There’s one problem though. We don’t have carrier pigeons,” he kept a pause dramatically. “But we have something much better,” Bogumirov opened his backpack and took out something very small.
“Ruslan Kluev’s bug!” Pasha flung his arms up. 
“Exactly. The bugs found at Arcas were kept at Porphyry’s. The old man had plenty of time to study how they work. All genius is simple. As you see, we don’t have to re-invent the wheel and transport pigeons to Ganymede. We’re going to fight the enemy with his own weapon!”
“I have to take off my hat before you.  The plan’s actually really good. I hope Lomov’s going to like it. The only thing we have to do is to get to Ganymede,” Lugansky began to worry again.
“Sh!” Arthur hissed. “I guess they’re boarding,” the boys shrank into the corner of the storage room, as if it might prevent them from being found. The chatter quietened down instantly. The boys heard the voices that belonged to Lomov and Heydar. Pasha and Arthur could nothing but keep quiet and count minutes left before the takeoff. They spent a quarter of an hour in gloomy silence, until they could no longer hear their older comrades. Perhaps, they got deeper into the central hall. 
The storage captives caught their breath. The coast was clear. But hardly had they exchanged glances, when they heard a growing drone of turbines and roar of nozzles. It looked like their long-awaited journey was about to begin.  Both friends were seized with anxiety again. What was going to happen to them there? What would their mission lead to? Would they be able to go back to Callisto or the hostile Ganymede will become their final abode… What about their sweet classmates? Were they fated to meet again? Besides, they didn’t know for sure what Lomov’s reaction to their escape was going to be: support or condemnation? Distressing thoughts were in the air and the boys could understand each other without saying a word. Only one thing was reassuring: their trip was encouraged by Porphyry which meant they had a good chance of success. Even Lomov considered the old man’s opinion.
The depressing atmosphere made Arthur feel like pouring out his heart to his friend. He decided to tell him about the key tag he found in Ruslan Kluev’s room. There was something about it Bogumirov preferred to hold back though. The same moment he stretched out his hand, and a mysterious key tag flashed on his palm. 
“I found it on Kluev’s bed. I don’t know what I liked about it so much… Its shape, perhaps. So, I took it and forgot about it. Until it displayed its magic abilities. It took me a while to figure out that it was the key tag! I thought it was a coincidence. Only later… Okay, let me start from the beginning.”
Pasha was contemplating the miniature eagle with a lightning in its beak, as if enchanted. Its imperial bearing, wide wingspan, stern look… But what was the meaning of that strange-looking lightning? Lugansky realized he’d never seen anything like that on Earth. 
Meanwhile, Arthur continued, 
“The day we found the freaking diary I happened to pass by Porphyry’s nook. The old man was away, running some errands. The eagle was in my pocket. I completely forgot about it after everything we’d read in Kluev’s diary. Suddenly, a melody came to my mind, the one Porphyry likes to whistle and sometimes hum. ”
“Should I forget something, the stars may not accept us?” Pasha clarified. He knew exactly what song it was, as he happened to hear it at Porphyry’s a million times.
“Yeah, this one. So, I began to sing it quietly. Coming up to the door, I started back because it swung open as if by magic. Nobody came out of the room. It seemed very suspicious to me, to put it mildly. The room was empty! The same day I told Porphyry about it. The old man frowned but said he must have forgotten to lock it. The next day it happened again. I recalled how it happened, under which circumstances, and did the same things I did the day before. I sang the same song and the door opened again!  That time Porphyry was there. He was surprised seeing me because he claimed he’d locked the door with a key! I assumed for a joke that it opened with a sound password, but my assumption wasn’t confirmed. Porphyry sang his favorite song but the door stayed where it was. Turned out, it obeyed only me. I was breaking my head over it all night long, trying to figure out the secret. The next day I decided to carry out an experiment over again, but it wouldn’t open. You should’ve seen the old man laughing at my singing. I spent close to an hour by that door trying to move it by the power of my soprano. There was one thing I overlooked: the suit I was wearing wasn’t the one I had on the day the miracle occurred.”
Pasha began to understand what Bogumirov was driving at,
“Are you saying that you left the eagle in the pocket of your old suit?”
“Exactly,” Bogumirov nodded. “I thought about what might have changed since my previous visit… And it dawned on me. The suit! I ran to Porphyry to test the hypothesis and it confirmed! The door opened only when the magical key tag was around.”
It was Pasha’s turn to speak,
“I’m not sure but I think I read something about it in Kluev’s diary…”
“Why do you think it was about the key tag?”
“One of the chapters was encrypted and I skipped it. I didn’t have time for it. And later I forgot, just like you forgot about the key tag. Yet, I managed to read some part of it. And if I’m right, a couple of times I came across the word ‘eagle’ there.”
Arthur got excited.
“Lugansky, why didn’t you…?” the words stuck in his throat as Bogumirov caught Pasha’s meaningful stare. To accuse his friend of not mentioning something was at least unfair, given that he himself held back the story about the sound key.
“Okay,” he waved his hand. “How’re we going to decrypt Kluev’s notes?”
“I’ll take care of that!” Pasha replied giggling to imitate his friend’s smug manner of speaking. “I’m telling you, I didn’t have time for it. I can think of something right now…”
His skillful fingers were striking the keys promptly. Pasha was beyond comparison in terms of computer tricks. 
“Bingo!” he exclaimed finally, exciting curiosity in Arthur. The boys were so absorbed in their new investigation that they forgot about simple precaution measures. 
“Yeah, indeed, you aren’t the only one who knows the mystery of the metal eagle. Ruslan knew something about it, too.”
“Go on!” Bogumirov huddled up impatiently. 
“Listen…” Pasha read an extract aloud.
“… June, 1st.Things are going perfectly with the bugs. I’ve persuaded Straus to entrust me with utilization of old electronics. I promised to sort out usable and unusable parts. In a way, I’m going to keep my word. But that’s not the point. The point is now I have access to parts to make electronic spies. I’ve assembled one today. After a while, an army of tiny spies will crawl all over the station! But there’s something else I want to write about. I’ve been super lucky lately (hopefully, my luck doesn’t run out). In a pile of old plates, I found a metal eagle which god only knows how got there. The thing’s magical! I figured it out after a while, when I called on Nilsson. Aware of his habit to keep saying ‘Open Seasame’ every time he entered his office, I repeated this phrase. Suddenly, the door opened by itself. I don’t want to lie, I figured out what it was only after some time. But I managed to identify the thing that opens any door of the station! The problem is to identify the right succession of sounds to have the door open. Right now I don’t want to make assumptions what causes doors to open. I can assume that objects have a memory. They somehow manage to remember the sound, while the eagle makes it move. I’ll examine the key tag thoroughly at Ganymede, while now I’m just going to use it as intended.”
Pasha looked at Arthur sadly.
“Now I understand how the bugs got to the places which are so difficult to access,” he summed up.
“No doubt about that,” his friend agreed. Their voices quietened down when a dark figure silhouetted against the doorway. Hearing some noise in the storage, Heydar Alakhverdiev decided to check it out. 

Chapter 4. The Enemy’s Plans

Ivan was waiting for his son in his office. There was complete unanimity between him and Ruslan. They understood each other at a word. The plans of one of them were always supported by fresh ideas of the other. They knew exactly what they were going to do until Ivan’s father was let in the discussion. As if to counterbalance it, he sowed the seeds of discord and upset all their plans. Yet, they couldn’t turn a deaf ear to his opinion, because Callirrhoe was much obliged to Michael Dugin for many of its achievements, as well as his terrestrial work for the benefit of the station. Anyway, they couldn’t ignore the professor. They had to, at least, pretend to take him into consideration. 
Dugin came up to the bookshelves stretching along the wall. Two upper rows were assigned for history books. Ivan respected history as a science and sought for inspiration in most outstanding figures. Below were psychology, psychiatry and psychophysiology books and their number was twice as much. It was understandable because Callirrhoe’s work was based on their principles. Another row was devoted to technicality of cosmonautics since working at one of the moons of Jupiter implied having this knowledge. There were no cute knick-knacks like photographs, vases and statuettes in Dugin’s office. He’d been working hard to get rid of his sentimentality for a long time, since he believed it affected his work. Finally, he succeeded. However, as a human being with a heart, Ivan still was vulnerable when it came to certain things. 
There was a surveillance camera above the entrance. Ivan turned around to look at the screen and saw Ruslan approaching. As usual, the young man knocked on the door three times and came in.
“Hey, dad,” he uttered with an air of nonchalance while entering the room.
“Hello. Did you sleep well?” 
“Not really,” he shrugged his shoulders with uncertainty. “I can’t get used to the rustle of air conditioners. They were completely noiseless at Arcas.”
“I’m sorry, son,” Ivan spread his arms. “You have to get used to it. We have what we have.”
Kluev forgot that Arcas’s superiority was a sore subject for his father, so he changed it hastily,
“When’s grandfather going to connect?”
“In about forty minutes. We have some time to talk tête-à-tête.”
Ruslan gave a nod.
“What game are you playing with Chuzhakov? I was beside myself with anger yesterday. Clearly, the boy’s gone too far, but you pretended it’s okay! You’d never allow me to talk to you like that…” there was a hint of offence in his voice.
“You’re right, I would not. And you’re right about the game, too. What happened yesterday was part of my plan. Otherwise, Chuzhakov wouldn’t get away with it so easily.”
“Do I deserve to be let into your grandiose plan?”
“No sarcasm, please,” Dugin pulled his son up. “You can’t complain. You find out about my plans sooner or later.”
“The question is: sooner or later?” Ruslan insisted.
“All right, all right,” Ivan gave up. “It’s obvious, isn’t it? I want to win Chuzhakov’s favor. Let’s play good cop/bad cop. You attack – I defend. The recipe’s simple:  a bit of attention, a little respect, add a drop of patience, and the firmness of his beliefs will crash down right to your feet.”
Ruslan looked at his father askew. 
“Absolutely right. Peter’s vulnerable because he’s lonely,” Dugin continued, without letting his son to interrupt himself. 
“Yes-yes, I mean what I say. In spite of the fact that his parents are here at the station, Chuzhakov’s hopelessly lonely. He doesn’t feel their support and understanding. Otherwise, why would he look for help on Earth? I believe that pretty soon I’ll be able to make friends with him.”
“I hope you will. Now let’s talk business. I came earlier because I have news from Arcas. You won’t believe it!”
“What do you mean?” Dugin was surprised. “Do we have a snitch at Callisto?”
“Yes, but it’s not who you think it is. It’s not Nilsson.”
“Who is it then?”
“It’s one of the bugs I failed to indicate on the layout. I lost it at Porphyry’s. The place’s crammed with metal junk.”
“Sometimes your absent-mindedness brings grist to our mill,” Ruslan’s father raised his brow. “So, what’s the news?”
Ruslan didn’t want to put his cards on the table too soon and continued explaining,
“There’s one problem though. I discovered its signals only today and I’m afraid we’re not going to receive it again – the battery went flat.” Although, it would be silly to complain. The information we have gives us a great advantage over the enemy.
Dugin was waiting silently.
“Lomov was planning to secretly go to Ganymede,” the boy kept a pause to let his father get the point of what he said fully. 
Instead of answering, Ivan burst out laughing. He was laughing so long and it was so catching, that eventually Ruslan began to giggle, too. 
“Lomov? Who does… he think… he is?” Dugin stammered, unable to suppress his laugh.
“He’s flying here not alone. He has a partner, Heydar, who works with Atlasova at the Astrology Predictions Department.”
Hearing about Nadezhda made him serious, his laughter cut short. Tapping his son on his shoulder, he asked,
“Who blurted it out?”
“Oh, we were lucky. There was an emergency meeting at Porphyry’s. I’ve brought the recording. You can listen to it, here it is,” Ruslan held out a disk.
“I can’t do it right now. You grandfather may call any minute. Please, don’t tell him about Lomov’s visit. This issue needs to be considered carefully which I’m going to do after the meeting. I believe we should give our guests freedom to act. Let’s have them believe that their plan’s perfect and fall into our trap.”
“I agree. Deluding the enemy, we’ll be able to trigger an act of sabotage at Arcas with Lomov’s hands!”
“Yes. Perhaps, we won’t have to argue with the old man about the future of Arcas. Let’s pretend today that we both favor his plan. We’ll discuss the rest later,” Dugin nodded to invite his son to take a seat.
A few minutes later, the face of Michael Dugin appeared on the small screen built in the center of the conference hall.  
“Hello, guys!” he greeted them. 
“Hello, grandpa. How’re you doing?”
“Could have been better. It’s been almost two days since I presented Arcas with my ultimatum, but I haven’t heard from them yet. I’m worried.”
“Don’t. It’s bad for your health,” Ivan noted reasonably. “Don’t take too much upon yourself. You can count on us. Ruslan and I came to a conclusion that you’re absolutely right.”
“Right about what?”
“About the future of Arcas. There’s no point destroying such a wonderfully equipped research station. It would be better for all of us to collaborate.”
“I can’t believe my own ears!” Michael exclaimed. “Is this true?”
“Of course!” Ruslan joined in the game. “Together we’ll be able to achieve much better results than if we work independently.”
“You’re right, grandson! There’s one thing though… They can refuse our offer. What’re we going to do then?”
“I don’t think they want a war. They’re brave, yes, but they’re not suicides,” Dugin noted. “I’m sure we’ll be able to bring them to the negotiating table, even if their first reply’s going to be ‘no.’ Don’t you remember that the art of persuasion is our strong point?” he winked at the old man.
 “Thank you, son. I feel better now after talking to you.”
“Well, while they’re thinking there at Arcas, tell us how things are going with Scamandr.”
The old man got very excited hearing a question about his newborn brainchild.
“Oh, everything’s great! It’s a success. The number of my supporters is growing steadily. The people favor the project and are very proud that the company’s founded by one of them. They’re happy that Scamandr’s going to be headquartered here! I receive numerous letters of gratitude and my reception room’s always crammed with people!”
“Our grandfather’s local celebrity!” Ruslan gave a whistle.
“Kind of,” Michael replied in confusion.
Ivan Dugin’s thoughts were somewhere else.
“Well,” he drawled thoughtfully. “We could’ve avoided all this fuss… Do it on the sly. If it weren’t for that third force.”
“So far, we have no reason to believe that solar flares were caused by something particular…” Ruslan noted carefully.
“You think so? And I think there’re too many coincidences here… It doesn’t look like it happened by chance. However, Ruslan’s right. We don’t have direct evidence, so let’s hope for the better,” Dugin banged the table. “Okay, let’s return to Scamandr.” 
“Yes,” Michael Dugin started. “As I’ve said, everything’s going according to the plan. Maria helps me too, which distracts her from thinking about Ruslan…” the old man gave a reproachful glance at his grandson. “If I were you, I’d leave a video message for my mother…”
“It’s out of the question!” Ivan protested, catching his son’s quizzical look. “We can’t be sentimental right now! You’d better think about how to launch Antigloomyn production.”
“Maria swallowed the bait of the sly tricksters, who managed to worm their way into her confidence. They made up a story about her son’s disappearance and pumped the information they needed out of her. I still try to find out if she blurted out something important. But it could’ve been avoided by simply telling her the truth about Ruslan,” Michael persisted in his opinion.  
“Yeah, but don’t forget,” Ivan objected, “that those ‘sly tricksters’ left the telephone number of their terrestrial station! Remember how much effort we made trying to locate Atlasov’s polygon, but it was in vain? But here you are – a silver platter!”
“Whatever happens, it’s for the better,” Ruslan summed up. 
“Is there anything else about Scamandr? When are you going to launch production? I’m afraid we’re running out of time. Pretty soon, the influence of the mental attack will start to slacken. The people will start asking questions which is just unacceptable.”
“You’re right,” the old man agreed. “But the euphoria of the citizens can also be maintained by the advertising campaign. I run it on a lavish scale and every dog in the city knows about Antigloomyn. I think we have one more week. There are a great number of people wanting to work for Scamandr. The place’s almost ready, we’re launching the production shortly. Now Maria’s dealing with paperwork and assigns jobs. We’ll start selling the drug right after we have our first goods, so cheer up! The most difficult part of the work’s been done. Now the only thing I worry about is Atlasov and his team. We have to win them over to our side before they interfere in our plans.”
“Good, keep us updated and let’s stay in touch,” Ivan finished. “As soon as you have news from Arcas, let me know. And now, if you don’t mind, I’d like to be alone.”
The grandfather nodded and hung up silently. Ruslan, in turn, obediently left the room.

Chapter 5. Ganymede is Dead Ahead! 

Heydar Alakhverdiev had no experience handling this sort of a shady deal, so he felt ill at ease. Used to a steady unhurried work at the Department of Astrology Predictions, he had to show his worth in a venture. Possibly, to good advantage. Even though full responsibility rested on Lomov, Heydar knew he wouldn’t be given an opportunity to stay above the battle. Perhaps, he might have to make snap decisions. All in all, he had to forget about making drafts in his office for a while. Seeing his partner’s confusion, Alexander Lomov did his best to cheer him up. 
“Relax, Heydar. You’ll do everything right. Unusual working conditions have thrown you off, but you’ll get used to it soon. It’s going to be all right, you’ll see. It happens this way with all new undertakings. At first, it’s a few fearful steps, which then become more confident, and here you are rushing along at full speed!”
“I like your comparison, thanks,” the young man muttered, entering the central hall. The space shuttle was to make a long journey. The most comfortable spaceship was assigned for this purpose, since they didn’t know for sure what might change about Lomov’s plans. Its greatest advantage was the fact that, although rather comfy on the inside, it remained pretty compact on the outside. 
Heydar plumped into the chair. He didn’t get much chance to be in a spaceship, so he was gazing around with curiosity.  
 “I still think it’d be fun to have the boys around,” he dumbfounded Lomov. 
“Uh, are we going there to have fun?” Alexander asked in amazement. Heydar was confused,
“I mean, they’d take the strain off.”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea and I voiced my opinion during the meeting.”
“Yeah, but Eric… He staked on them and they succeeded!”
“Eric had no choice. It was an emergency.”
“Alexander, try to understand me. I’m saying this not because I don’t want to go. I just think that our refusal hurt the kids deeply. Now they probably think we don’t believe in them.”
“Trust me, Heydar,” Lomov nodded, “it’s not the worst thing that might happen to all of us in the nearest future. We’d better focus on more important issues. I promise I’ll talk to the boys once we return to Callisto.”
Their stuff in the cabins, the crew settled in the cockpit. The spaceship took off twenty minutes later. It was heading for the largest satellite of the Solar System Ganymede.
Heydar didn’t like wasting his time, so he decided to study the neighboring planetoid. The spaceship computer contained a vast amount of encyclopedic information. Callisto and Ganymede had a lot in common: ice-covered crater areas and similar surface temperature which was -240 degrees Fahrenheit. 
They brought up the subject about solar flares again. Heydar had some ideas about it. A while ago, at Callisto, he detected some directional influence which source was beyond the Galaxy.  
“Turns out there’s some third power that interferes in our confrontation. Moreover, it controls the situation the way it wants! Amazingly, but we’ve always thought we were the ones controlling terrestrial processes, and now it turns out that it’s someone else.”
“You’re exaggerating, Heydar. Of course, it’s possible that there’s some power beyond the Galaxy. But the fact that it’s controlled by a sentient being is unlikely.  We need strong evidence, so start looking for it when we return to Arcas. Although I want to repeat that I’m rather skeptical about this theory.” 
Heydar didn’t reply. His legs carried him to the storage room. He wanted to fortify his ideas with some food.
The last thing he expected to find there was two pairs of frightened eyes sparkling in the dark. Taking a closer look, he noticed the boys, their bodies doubled up on the floor. The sight left Heydar speechless. It was Arthur’s mumbling that brought him to his senses,
“They’ve found us.”
“Guys, how did you get here?” the involuntary exposer uttered.
“Well, we were going by, saw the light and dropped in to check out what the party was about,” Arthur’s sense of humor didn’t fail him even in such an awkward situation. 
Realizing that the boys weren’t serious, Heydar gave them a stern look. His shock was subsiding, giving place to indignation. 
“Very funny! Can you imagine what a scolding Lomov’s going to give you two?”
Remembering that a few minutes ago he was standing up for the boys expressing his regret for their not being around, he calmed down. Heydar had a strange feeling, as if he was the one to blame and had something to do with the fact that the boys had sneaked into the spaceship. Arthur was imperturbable. He crawled out of the storage and stretched himself funnily. 
“I’m glad you came. All my bones have gone numb!”
Pasha wondered where Arthur’s false modesty was gone. The boy’s behavior was getting extremely defiant.  He himself was silent as he didn’t feel like being as impudent as his friend was.
“Well, we have no choice. Let’s go to Lomov. Hopefully, he won’t kill you.”
Heydar had a million thoughts in his head. He was thinking hard over the best way to deliver the news to the captain. It was hard to focus because of the continuous talking of the automatic dispatcher. A metal female voice never stopped squealing about the spaceship technical state, distance to Ganymede and the satellite characteristics. It created an illusion of an invisible but omnipresent eye.  One thing was confusing though: how did two kids manage to get inside the spaceship unnoticed?
Pasha couldn’t help admiring the central hall. It was way better than on Perseus. In the middle was a circular sofa with wide monitors above, like from that TV show What? Where? When? Its interior was imposing. Exiting the room, they found themselves in a narrow hall with metal piping on the sides. “Distance to Callisto is sixty thousand miles, solar activity is weak…” the female robot’s mechanical voice was following them wherever they went. Finally, they came up to the automatic door leading into the cockpit. Suddenly, Lugansky felt some strange weakness in his knees, as if his feet weighted thirty pounds each. The most frightening was the moment he would have to look Lomov in the eyes who, as if having a presentiment about it, was giving a piercing look to the opening door. A scene from the silent movie lasted for about a minute, although eventually Lomov managed to control himself. The voice he was talking to those resent sounded suspiciously calm, while his eyes, on the contrary, indicated mental anguish. Suddenly, Alexander made an unexpected move by pretending he wasn’t surprised to see the boys aboard the spaceship.
“You’re here, huh? You’ve sneaked in the spaceship ignoring all my bans and warnings. You’re very stubborn, Bogumirov! You’re going to rise high.”
Arthur started trying figure out Lomov’s mood. Was it praise or a scolding? He decided not to reply. 
“And you,” he addressed to Heydar, “why’re you staring at the floor? Be careful or you’ll pierce it through. Your confused look arouses suspicions. And all those talks that it would be fun having the boys around… Did you help them get here?”
“I have nothing to do with it,” Heydar shrugged his shoulders.
“He has nothing to do with it!” Arthur fired up. “We did it on our own! Nobody helped us!”
Pasha nodded enthusiastically.
“Lie! You wouldn’t go past the security system. It would go off. If it’s not Heydar, who is it then?”
“He’s like X-raying us,” flitted through Arthur’s mind, but aloud he said,
“It’s hard to conceal the truth from you, but I refuse to give you the names of the people who helped us. It would be a betrayal!”
“Oh, really? Stirring up a mutiny, aren’t you? All right, it’s your choice. You can keep silent. Yet, I want to note that one doesn’t have to be Sherlock Holmes to figure out your mysterious accomplice. It’s Porphyry. However, there’s also a possibility that it’s the technicians who are currently on Earth… they might have consulted you from the greenhouse. But I’m inclined to believe that the first version’s the right version.”
Arthur and Pasha exchanged glances. Lomov hit the nail on the head. A true tracker.
“You should open a detective agency...” Bogumirov joked tensely.
“Good idea. I’ll do that after I return to Earth.”
Arthur decided it was a good opportunity to change the subject to something less ticklish. 
“Are you planning to go back to Earth?” 
“Of course I am! I’m not going to live at Callisto all my life. Let me settle the issue with Dugin and I’ll take a vacation!”
“Exactly. But first we have to do what we have to do,” bringing up the Earth made Lomov relent. He seemed to have stopped being angry with the boys for their willfulness. That’s what Arthur thought.
“Since you’re here, we can nothing but take you to the team. What do you think, Heydar?”
The young man started,
“I agree! It would be too dangerous to send them back to Arcas now. To avoid unnecessary risk, it’s better leave things as they are. Eight eyes see better than four!” he paraphrased the famous proverb. 
“All right. We’re going to change our plans according to the new circumstances. Tell us, guys, what do you know? Apart from the information we have.”
It was a big day for Bogumirov. His dreams began to come true! Pasha and he were again part of a thrilling adventure. They had an opportunity to prove to Lomov the importance of their presence at the spaceship and were rightful members of the interplanetary expedition. What else could they wish for? They had to emerge the victors in the battle with Callirrhoe to achieve a complete triumph. He took out the map and the laptop which contained the diary that belonged to the snitch. He glanced at Pasha to give him to understand that it was his turn to speak. 
“We’ve analyzed Ruslan Kluev’s diary once again…” Lugansky began. “We have new facts coming to light.”
“What are they?”
“Now we know for sure how he managed to spread his bugs all over the station. The thing is Kluev had a magical door opener giving him access to any room,” Pasha retold them in brief Kluev’s writing about the eagle he’d found.
“Unbelievable! But I really want to know where this key tag came from? Turns out it belonged to one of our employees. Its existence was kept a secret… Why? There’re too many questions but no answers,” Lomov scratched his head. “I’ll tell Atlasov about it. Maybe, he’s going to come up with an idea? There’s no secret in the world that remains a secret forever. Well, anyway, until then I’m sure we’ll be able to find a good use for it!”
The boys knew what Alexander was driving at. Indeed, the door opener might come in handy at the den of the enemy. Ruslan had no idea his secret weapon had acquired a new owner. Besides, they couldn’t possibly know about the expedition. Lomov was inspired by the news and came to realize that the fact that the boys were in the spaceship was very timely. “Whatever happens, it’s for the better,” he whispered the phrase that could be heard in Ivan Dugin’s office not long ago.

Chapter 6. The Professor

It was stuffy in the city that summer. People preferred to stay inside, with their air conditioners switched on, going out for a walk only after the sunset. The sun was scorching at noon. Despite this, Michael Dugin and Maria had a lot of work to do. It was about Scamandr and brooked no delay. The two were striding down an almost empty alley, exchanging rare phrases. Klueva was carrying a weighty folder with contracts of employment for eight hundred people who were to start working at Scamandr in the nearest future. Huge work had been done and there was even more left. Michael scheduled a meeting with specialists working on starting manufacture of Antigloomyn for 2 p.m. Things were settled instantly as a result of the radiation sent from Callirrhoe. There were almost no questions arising. Future Scamandr employees did their job immediately, no doubts casted. Confident in the rightfulness of what was going on, they supported their leader completely.  
Suddenly, a middle-aged man stood in their way. There was sincere admiration in his eyes, while his face was lit up with a broad smile. Nicholas Balakhonov, Gera’s father, recognized the famous professor and, in a flash, rushed to intercept the walking couple to attest his respects to them,
“Mr. Dugin! I can’t believe my eyes! Is that you?”
The old man startled but pulled himself together. He was only getting used to the fame that fell upon him so abruptly. However, blind admiration of some oversensitive-to-the-Callirrhoe-radiation citizens was still frightening.
“You guessed right,” Dugin said, taking a step back, but his fan came closer by taking one step forward. He stretched out his hand to the professor, intending to continue their conversation,
“You know, I just left your office!”
Dugin made a wondering face.
“Yeah, about a week ago I applied for a job at Scamandr and today I went there to find out which department I was assigned to. To be honest, my coworkers didn’t want me to quit the service center I’ve been working at for the last fifteen years. But in the end they came to respect my decision. The whole city’s buzzing about your genius drug! I believe that Antigloomyn is of primary importance, while the cars will be as well fixed without me. People really need Antigloomyn and it’s way more important than anything else.”
“I appreciate it…” Michael uttered. “But, perhaps, you’d better return to the service center? Are you sure you want to work for me? Won’t you regret your decision?”
“There’s no two ways about it,” Balakhonov replied proudly. “I’m staying at Scamandr, that’s that.”
“I’m not trying to change your mind, I was just wondering,” the professor smiled friendly. “By the way, which department are you in? Taking into consideration your previous experience, I’d make you an automated machine tender.”
“That’s exactly what I am,” Gera’s father broke into a smile. “My skills will come in handy at Scamandr. I promise I’ll do my best, I’ll work flat out. You know, I want to fix my son for a job at Scamandr, too. Anyway, it’s better than hanging about with his friends. I’ve been really worried about him lately. He spends all his time god knows where. His mother and I are lost in guesses. He comes home late at night, has dinner quickly and goes to bed. The following day, it’s the same. We ask him what’s going on, but he wouldn’t answer.”
“How old’s your son?” Dugin became alerted.
“Turning fourteen soon.”
Maria Klueva clasped her hands.
“Isn’t it a little early for him?” Michael scratched his chin in confusion.
“It’s very timely!” Gera’s father replied with conviction. Ruslan’s mother joined in the dialogue resolutely,
“It’s beyond discussion. I’m afraid your son’s too young for Scamandr.”
“Let the boy grow up a little,” Dugin agreed.
“All right,” their words upset Balakhonov. Yet, in a few seconds he cheered up again, “Okay, I’ll go home to share the good news with my wife. I’m going to tell her who I happened to meet today!” Nicholas grabbed the professor by his hand and started shaking it energetically. The handshake was awkwardly long. Involuntary, Dugin turned his eyes away from his importunate interlocutor whose eyes revealed slight insanity.
Getting rid of the stranger, the two proceeded to Scamandr. Maria didn’t have a clue what caused the odd behavior people were displaying, because Michael had to withhold the information about the mental attack. Different ideas came to his mind but he couldn’t betray the confidence of his son and grandson. The professor knew what reaction would ensue.  He wanted badly to share the secret with Maria, but it might be fraught with unpredictable consequences. His forced, pressing loneliness became his best friend. And there was Atlasov who was slow in giving his answer to his offer. Maybe, he shouldn’t have given them so much time to think it over? What if they were playing for time scheming to strike a blow against them? On the other hand, what blow could it be? According to Ruslan, there was nothing Arcas could oppose to Callirrhoe.
The professor started thinking about his son’s real motives. Ivan Dugin was a very reserved person and it was hard to elicit the truth from him. He promptly agreed to all of his father’s suggestions but ended up doing everything his way. The old man didn’t want to disturb Maria by bringing up memories about her “late” husband, so he had to replay them in his mind, keeping his thoughts to himself. As a child, his son showed signs of craving for power and self-assertion by any means. Some things he did, to put it mildly, looked dubious. He made people believe he was doing the right thing, because all the formalities were complied with. There were only a few people who suspected that there was another game Ivan Dugin was playing backstage. Back when he was a student, he knew a bunch of ways how to have a lecture cancelled or delayed. He manipulated people to achieve his purposes. Practical astronomy classes were cancelled due to a fake weather forecast made right there, at the university. Once in a while, the teachers entrusted their students with making forecasts. This is when Ivan would easily talk them into replacing the clear sky with heavy clouds. Cancellation of another astronomical observation due to poor weather conditions made the students happy. Later, the teachers forgave them inaccuracy in their forecast because, as you know, one learns from one’s mistakes.
The next day, Ivan would get the teacher involved in a lively talk dragging it out until the end of the class. This is the way Ivan Dugin took advantage of other people shedding hardly any blood. Michal found out about his son’s little tricks from his university colleagues. By that time, he’d received some recognition as a scientist. One day, after another prank, Michael tried to talk to Ivan but it didn’t work out. His son denied everything accusing his teachers of bias. 
As if hearing the old man’s thoughts, Maria said suddenly,
“I’m so sorry that neither Ivan nor Ruslan’s here with us right now, when the company’s about to open. I’m sure it’s going to be a success!”
The old man hardly managed to stop himself from saying that those two were directly connected with Scamandr. The fact that he had to force himself to keep silent put him in a bad mood again. 
His gloomy thoughts vanished once he saw the building of his pharmaceutical company. Michael livened up right away because working on Scamandr inspired him, distracting from all other thoughts.  The site resembled an anthill, crawling with workmen bringing the building to a scratch. A crane was standing by the main entrance. Two people were installing a turquoise sign that was the name of the company. The professor and Maria racked their brain for a logo and eventually selected a rose bud as a symbol of happiness and flourishing. It was to be attached to the building façade shortly. The old man glanced over his estate. It looked like everything was going as planned.  Suddenly, his attention was attracted to a boy shifting his feet shyly by the gate. He seemed to be waiting for someone. Their eyes met. Recognizing Michael, the boy waved his hand cheerfully. Maria Klueva and the professor looked at each other. None of them knew him. Despite this, the old man hurried towards the stranger. 
The boy introduced himself as a student from school number forty. He arrived at Scamandr following the editorial office order to get an interview for their web portal. Dugin was surprised: the schoolchildren had their summer vacation, so who cared about the news on some school website? Maxim (that was his name) calmly replied that their online newspaper was rather popular and they weren’t going to shut it down during summer. Life was boiling while they were on vacation, too. Many children stayed in the city to attend hobby classes, play games and participate in contests. Michael recalled anxiously that school number forty was the first school to sustain their mental attack… This was also the school Atlasov’s minor friends were studying in. The professor was right suspecting something wrong. The truth was that Maxim was a spy sent by Elena Chernomorova. The irrepressible girl talked Scamandr’s big fan to pay Michael Dugin a visit. She was lucky to meet Maxim at the school editorial office. The boy was editorial-in-chief. Elena didn’t even have to reveal him the truth about the reason she asked for such favor, she only had to suggest an idea. Trying to please Elena, Maxim agreed to visit the famous professor. This is how he became a blind arm in the hands of the insidious intriguer-seventh grader.
Dugin remembered quite well the way students of the same school came unexpectedly to the home of his daughter-in-law pretending to be well-wishers, so he decided to be very careful while talking to his interviewer. Key facts about their work were to be kept a secret not only from the readers of the school online newspapers, but for all kinds of audience, so the professor prepared to have a conversation with the press in advance. He kindly offered the young man to show him their main production shop. Maxim entered the building, looking around with admiration. The Callirrhoe beams influenced the boy just as it did the rest of the city. Everything about the building seemed fascinating to him, even though it hadn’t really changed since it was a veterinary company. The walls, as well as the ceiling, were renovated. Also they removed everything that reminded of animals. Michael told Maxim about a flow of people wanting to work at Scamandr. The boy asked the professor what, in his opinion, the reason of that immense popularity of the new pharmaceutical giant was.
“I believe people came to realize the importance of Scamandr’s mission and want to do good. We’ve managed to give way for their best intentions. They want to serve for the benefit of the humanity and it’s beautiful!”
Following Chernomorova’s instructions, Maxim, as a true professional, while talking to the professor, gazed around but didn’t notice anything suspicious.
Michael kept talking about their future plans,
“We hope to advance Antigloomyn production to a new level. If for now we plan to sell it as a medicine in the form of vitamins, in future we’ll produce food with Antigloomyn as an ingredient. There’s a wide range of products we could use: yogurt, tonics… It could be anything.”
“Like chocolate? To make Antigloomyn popular among the younger generation!” Maxim suggested an idea.
“Exactly! Great idea,” Dugin approved. “I promise we’ll think about it.”
“A member of our editorial staff, Elena Chernomorova, asked how you’re going to distribute Antigloomyn in the city? Through drugstores?”
“Right. So far we’re going to use drugstores, but as soon as we start… Wait, what did you say? Chernomorova?” Dugin exclaimed.
His intuition was right again. Atlasov had something to do with it. He definitely heard this name from Maria. It was the name of the girl who gave that false announcement on TV. “So low, Atlasov! I offered you friendship, but you send your spies to me again,” the professor thought in disappointment.
“Well, yes…” Maxim became serious. “We both work at the school editorial office. It was her idea to have you interviewed about Scamandr. I thought you didn’t mind…”
Chernomorova failed to warn Maxim to never mention her name. It was her big mistake. Putting all hopes on another genius plan of hers, she never thought her personality would be brought up in the course of their conversation. The only conclusion she drew from the situation with Klueva was that all had to be done in secret and even her friends could not know about her plans, so that time neither Anna nor Victor knew about it.
Michael Dugin’s tone changed abruptly,
“Sir, if you’re here following that mean girl’s request, please, get out!”
Maxim was stunned. The interview was going so well, but ended up in a fiasco. The boy didn’t dare to ask the professor about the reasons for his anger. “I’m sorry, goodbye,” was all he could force himself to speak, backing to the exit door.
As for Chernomorova, another serious conversation was ahead of her.

Chapter 7. Outside

 Lomov and his crew postponed discussion of their further actions until landing. Obviously, they had to contact Peter Chuzhakov. The key tag Arthur found in Kluev’s room could come in handy. But could it help them get inside Callirrhoe? Was it actually a good plan? It was unlikely that they would be able to figure out the sound password to enter the station. They had to divide the operation into several stages. First they were to use the bug, the one that used to belong to Ruslan, too. They wanted to use it to inform Peter about the landing of the spaceship with the guys from Arcas onboard. There was a problem though. Would the bug be able to go all the way to Callirrhoe on its own? The satellite surface was known to be covered with craters so the journey wouldn’t be easy. Lomov found a solution. He suggested using a compact lunar rover they had aboard. It was to go half the way, while the bug would do the rest. They were to decide which of them would go on such a risky tour? As usual, Arthur was bursting to go into action.
“Your ardor may spoil the whole plan,” Lomov noted. “We have to act as mice, not tigers. Our purpose is to sneak up to the station as close as possible and remain quiet. Only one mistake, and the consequences may be disastrous. I want to repeat it: the mission is very complicated.”
Bogumirov pouted.
“It means you don’t trust me, right? But I thought Pasha and I did a good job…”
“It’s not about trust, it’s about your temper. The lunar rover’s designed for two. I’ll go, and I’ll take Pasha with me. That way, you won’t accuse me of not trusting you.”
Heydar gave a sigh of relief. He was staying on the space ship. The flight gave him enough of adrenaline. Bogumirov was vexed but calmed down quickly. All right, let it be Pasha. Heydar and he would have work to do too, like monitoring the movement of the lunar rover and, in general, be on the alert.
“Alexander,” he wondered gingerly, “will you let us test the rover before going to Callirrhoe?”
“Deal!” Lomov smiled. He liked Arthur’s restraint. He expected his reaction to be violent but it was vice versa. The boy’s eyes were blazing. What they never got to do on Callisto was going to happen on Ganymede! Pasha and he were finally allowed to go out. 
“All right, it’s clear about the first part of our plan. Now I want to know what do you think the best way to give information to Peter would be?”
Heydar suggested,
“Let it be a digital voice record. We don’t know for sure if Peter has a PC and how long will it take him to get to one to read our message. We have to make sure he does it right away.”
“A sound record sounds fine,” Pasha agreed. As best qualified in terms of programming, he took upon himself the responsibility to pass the information to Peter. “We have to provide the bug with a red button which is easy to notice so Pasha could retrieve the information from it easily.”
His cheek propped on his fists, Lomov bent over a sheet of paper.
“Good, I check this one. Another question on the agenda is how exactly we are going to use Peter’s help to break down their system of mental attack.”
Heydar entered into the conversation,
“It has to be either destroyed or broken down. It’s hard to plan something like that. To begin with, we need to know what Peter Chuzhakov can do. He has all the information, so he’ll be our guide at Callirrhoe.”
“You have a point,” Lomov commented, frowning.
“Exactly!” Arthur caught him up. “With Peter as an alley, the victory shouldn’t be hard to gain!”
“I hope it goes the way we plan…” Lomov expressed his doubts.
“We should finally get some luck, shouldn’t we?” Pasha summed up philosophically. Arthur tried to concentrate on the discussion, but he couldn’t help thinking about the lunar rover. They were going to test-drive it on the surface of Ganymede. It was breathtaking! He recalled Victor’s scooter and that fateful evening the friends got mixed up in a whirl of fantastic events. It started with a conversation between Eric Atlasov and Straus Genke they happened to overhear. Suddenly, an English proverb came to his mind: curiosity killed the cat, but Bogumirov drove away the gloomy thoughts. They were no alleys in a battle. So, the next day, after Ganymede entered its dark phase, their new adventure would begin. Arthur couldn’t even dream about such a vacation! He felt sympathy for his friends who stayed on Earth. He was a little embarrassed, too. But, as soon as Pasha and he returned home, the friends would find out everything in detail. Maybe, they could start writing memoirs on their return? Great idea! 
“Lugansky, let’s start keeping a diary like Ruslan Kluev! There’re so many things happening around us. It makes my head spin! But I want to remember every detail!”
“Yeah, so Ruslan could find it the way we did.”
“It’s the worst case scenario. Let’s not take it into consideration.”
“Why? I have a counteroffer. Let’s do it after we return to Callisto. Let’s not tempt fate now.”
“Deal,” Arthur was satisfied with the answer.
Lomov warned the boys that they wouldn’t be allowed to move far away from the space ship. The lunar rover was run remotely, from the space ship, so they were to be mere passengers. It would be dangerous and reckless otherwise. Alexander drew up a route for them and entered the information into the on-board computer that analyzed the environment and landscape to prevent getting into a fissure. The captain warned the boys that the gravity of Ganymede was thrice as weak as that of Earth. This meant that Pasha’s 90 pounds would turn into mere 30! Naturally, it’s not weightlessness, but the experience promised to be astounding. Ganymede’s surface temperature was minus 130 degrees Fahrenheit. Fortunately, their wetsuits were designed to protect them from severe frost. Lomov himself walked on the surface of Callisto pretty often, so he knew how important the first experience was. Heydar was watching the boys packing up for their travel thinking about their future contact with Peter. The whole story with their new Callirrhoe friend looked suspicious. Heydar wanted to know what happened to Chuzhakov after his conversation with Anna Romanova. Probably, the boy was exposed. For the expedition, this could mean only one thing: getting in touch with Peter would be much more difficult because the boy was sure to be kept an eye on. What if… Gosh! They could as well use their mental system to attack Peter. This is what their greatest fear was! Obviously, it’s much simpler than keeping the rebellious worker locked up. That way, their friend wouldn’t be able to help them and they would have to be on their own. However, Heydar could be making a mountain out of a molehill and nothing like that happened to Chuzhakov. The reason of the cutoff could be some technical fault at Callirrhoe. Nevertheless, after Arthur and Pasha left the space ship, Heydar shared his uneasy thoughts with Lomov…
… A lifeless ice plain and rocky hills opened before the boys’ eyes. According to their map, somewhere farther was a crater Neith which appeared as a result of Ganymede’s volcanic activity billions of years ago. The lunar rover was slowly moving down the surface of the satellite, occasional boulder standing in its way. A complete quietness covered everything around like a sarcophagus, filling the boys with nagging loneliness. Shivering, Arthur looked back at their space ship to make sure that feeling was delusive. Thank god the space ship was there. He had to get it out of his head!  He turned his eyes upward slowly. The view of the night sky was fascinating. The huge ball of the red-orange Jupiter with its moons encircling it was hanging above the friends’ heads. As Porphyry said, the giant planet never changes its location on Ganymede’s canopy due to its closeness. As for its suite, it’s always in motion. Io, Europa and Callisto they left behind show up on different sides of the canopy, as if they are actually standing vigilant guard over the orange giant.
A speaker began to crackle inside the lunar rover. The sound distracted the boys from silent contemplation of the ice plain. They heard Lomov’s voice,
“How’re you doing, guys? Is everything all right over there?”
“Everything’s perfect, we’re getting used to it,” Pasha replied.
“Good, I don’t want to distract you. Heydar and I are watching the lunar rover closely. The picture we have is pretty good.”
“Thanks,” Arthur muttered. “Can we at least steer the wheel on our own for a while? Or you and Heydar don’t need our help?”
“The trajectory’s been chosen here, in the space ship,” Lomov tried to put himself right with the boys. “All right, enjoy the promenade! Out.”
The boys kept silent for a while. Bogumirov was admiring blocks of ice, slowly coming in view. Was there anything there besides them? It was hard to believe. 
“Listen, Pasha,” a wild guess dawned on him, “given that they’re not that brilliant as technical experts, how did they manage to erect a research station amidst permafrost? Just like that, from the ground up, having no construction materials? Maybe, they cut through a cave in the rocks?”
“I doubt it!” Pasha grinned. “But it’s an interesting question. Maybe, we’ve missed something about Ganymede.”
“Come on!” Bogumirov cut him short. “Ganymede and Callisto are very much alike. And you’ve studied the question from A to Z, while we were flying there from Earth. Try to remember if you read anything about mineral deposits.”
Pasha shook his head.
“We’ll ask Lomov about it,” Arthur said. “By the way, when is he going to make a sortie to Callirrhoe?”
“Right after we record a message for Ruslan. He and Heydar are designing a trajectory and also try to learn how to control the bug. By the way, I have a recorder with me.”
“Really? What’re we waiting for then? Let’s do it right now.”
Lugansky took out the recording device. The boys stopped the lunar rover. According to their navigation system, they were to go back to the space ship shortly.  
“Say something!” Arthur stared at his friend waiting.
“No, you say something,” Pasha moved the recorder up to his classmate’s mouth.  
“All right,” he waived his hand. Snatching the recorder out of Pasha’s hand, he said hesitantly,
“How can I turn it on? Oh, here it is,” he pushed the Record button and began to speak. 
“Hello, Peter! So, your attempt to warn people on Earth about the danger coming from Ganymede was successful. This message confirms it. We came from your ancestral home straight to Callisto to inform Arcas about what you said to the girl named Anna. By that time Dugin had gone too far, he blocked the communication between Earth and Arcas completely. This is why we had to go on such a risky trip across the Solar System. Let us introduce ourselves: Arthur Bogumirov and Pasha Lugansky, classmates of your online friend Anna Romanova,” the narrator pushed the Stop button to catch his breath. 
“How is it so far?” he asked his partner irresolutely.
Pasha gave the thumbs up.
“All right then,” the boy continued.
“Right now our planet is in danger. The city we are from sustained a mental attack from Ganymede. After that, all citizens started worshipping Michael Dugin, the father of Callirrhoe’s leader.”
Pasha gestured him to stop. Bogumirov pushed the Pause button again and fell silent, waiting.
“Everything’s great but be brief. More important information, less twaddle.”
Arthur sulked,
“Are you saying what I do now is twaddle? Then make your own recording!”
Eventually Lugansky calmed his friend down, yet he had to put up with his peculiar mode of speaking.
… “Alas, Dugin left us no choice. Arcas had to send a group of scouts to Ganymede in order to break the mental system down. The bug probably gave you to understand that we’re close. As soon as we make sure you and we can act as a team, we’ll start implementing our plan. You have to record a message, like the one you’re listening to, to the bug’s memory card. The bug will find the way back on its own, don’t worry about that. It would be great if you also record the plan of your station! Looking forward to hearing back from you. We’re disarmed without your help,” Arthur fell silent and then added, “Porphyry sends his regards!”
“Ooh, I’m done,” he finished, getting his breath back.
“Lomov’s going to like it,” Pasha concluded.
Lomov, as if hearing his name, interfered,
“Hope you enjoy your trip. It’s time to go back to the space ship. It’s time to act, guys!”

Chapter 8. The Morpheus Virus

“Where are our friends from Callisto? I begin to worry…” came into Ivan Dugin’s mind. After a while he voiced his uneasy thought. He was on the underground level of the station. It was a secret place their system of mental attacks was moved to after each attack. The cold flickering light didn’t make the grey bunker any better. Bare stone walls, concrete floor and heavy metal doors are what the main storage of Callirrhoe was like on the inside. The system was still there, but they were going to put it into orbit once the spies from Arcas were spotted. The enemy’s “borrowed” space ship made the task much simpler.
Ivan Dugin decided to withhold the information about Lomov’s invasion to avoid disturbances at Callirrhoe. Deep in heart, he wasn’t sure all his employees would approve Ruslan’s plan to destroy Arcas.  The father and son decided that destruction of the workers of the station would be the best solution. The Arcas staff was interfering in their grandiose plans to conquer Earth and they were lucky to have an excellent opportunity to do the dirty work with the hands of the bastards themselves! Dugin and Kluev agreed that missing such an opportunity would be a crime against Callirrhoe. No one would ever know what really happened there. All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword. Dugin had not a shadow of a doubt about his sinister design. Peter Chuzhakov was to become a carrier of the fatal virus and infect all residents of Callisto. Dugin’s brainchild born in his lab, the Morpheus virus spreads instantly. Once infected, people lapse into an eternal sleep. After a while, their bodies’ functions slow down to an extent when it gets irreversible. Ivan Dugin and Ruslan Kluev decided not to stand in the way of the reunion of Lomov’s team and Peter. Making their enemy believe that luck was on their side and letting Chuzhakov go to Callisto carrying the deadly cargo by arranging an escape was the horrible plan of the power-seeking family.   
Dugin was thinking about what might go wrong. The most important for them was not to miss the moment Lomov and his team landed on Ganymede. Obviously, he would like to contact Chuzhakov. They hid a camera in Peter’s room that was recording every move the rebel made. As far as Dugin knew, the contact was to take place any day.  After that, they had to act efficiently, according to their plan. They had to encourage the enemy to take certain steps but not expose themselves. The system of mental attacks the spies were hunting after would be moved outside Ganymede, thus ruining this part of Lomov’s plan, while the Morpheus virus would make the defeat total. “Checkmate,” came to his mind.
Ivan’s eyes settled on the wiped out symbol “” on the ceiling of the bunker. Amazing! That ugly sign could be found even there, at the abandoned base of space explorers. What if there was some secret connection between Arcas and Callisto? All those Jupiter signs plopped all around aroused suspicion. Although, there was nothing unusual in it on the face of it. Ganymede and Callisto are the moons of Jupiter. Still he longed to know who built that unique complex and why those people marked Callirrhoe with a Greek symbol for the largest planet. There were different rumors circulating at Arcas and, strangely, they’d started long before the Arcas workers first landed on Ganymede. Ivan never thought why people talked about it and he couldn’t remember what started those rumors. Some said about some super-intelligent civilization which, while leaving the Earth, was developing new planets of the Solar System. For some reason, Dugin always tended to believe that his station was built by the same people who built Arcas, and Callirrhoe was just another secret object. But the latest events made him reconsider his opinion. 
Suddenly, an iron staircase leading into the bunker began to vibrate creaking. Dugin started involuntary. The noise was glowing. Ivan saw his son. Ruslan was out of breath with excitement. 
“I’ve got news!” he gabbled. “The aliens are on Ganymede!”
The wave of excitement covered Ivan. Trying to suppress the tremor in his voice, he croaked quietly, “Are you sure?”
“Absolutely! You know I’ve had my eyes glued on Chuzhakov’s room and our patience’s been rewarded. About an hour ago, he received news from Lomov.”
“Hold on! Tell me everything! From the very beginning. Why are you so sure? Are they inside the station?”
“Fortunately, no. I don’t quite understand it either. I’m going to have to watch the video again right now. Are you busy?”
“What can be more important than this?” Dugin shrugged his shoulders. Then he began to bustle and literally fluttered out of his chair. “Let’s go to my office, you’ll tell me everything there.”
They moved from one empty passage to another in swift steps.  Ruslan was speaking in a low voice,
“I quickly realized something was going on. I’ve never seen Chuzhakov that excited. He was holding something tiny in his fist, dashing around the room, apparently deciding what to do with it. Then he noticed a slot in it and connected it to his computer. There was a message on it, a boy was speaking. I don’t want to deprive you of an opportunity to hear it personally. I promise you’ll enjoy it.”
Dugin stormed into his office impatiently, closed the door tightly behind Ruslan and turned the record player on. His son rewound the recording up to the moment when Peter came in sight and pushed the Play button. After a while, Arthur’s voice could be heard. Yes, there was no doubt about the fact that their sworn enemies were on Ganymede, plotting an invasion of Callirrhoe. The video recording of Chuzhakov’s room confirmed it. Ivan noted with annoyance that the boy sounded very confident. His desire for revenge flared up again. During Porphyry’s salutation, Dugin clenched his fists. “It’s premature to celebrate!” he thought. He took an instant dislike to the suspicious old man back then when he was at Arcas. 
Peter quickly replied to Lomov’s team. In his message, he expressed his joy at their arrival. At Arthur’s request, he also copied the detailed plan of the station to the memory card. This is when Ruslan started grinding his teeth with anger. “Why did my father have to fuss over this traitor? A stab in the back is all he can do!” flitted through his mind. Dugin felt disappointment, too. It turned out his persuasive speech had no effect on the boy. It was rash of him to believe that victory was already in his pocket. As Michael would say, “Every man has a fool in his sleeve.” Indeed, sometimes people overestimate their abilities. He should have followed the younger generation’s advice (namely Ruslan) and settle the matter with Peter by mental influence. But Ivan wanted to please his ego, and that was the price he had to pay for it. However, the recording was still on. They had to figure out the way Chuzhakov was going to deliver the message to Lomov. Kluev was surprised to learn about what happened to his key tag he left at Callisto. It was an unforgivable mistake to have left his magic talisman at Arcas. Of course, he did it in a hurry but it was no excuse for a true snitch. As a result, it was Lomov who owned the sound door opener and he was going to use it to get inside Callirrhoe. What if they failed to disclose their enemy’s plan in time? Fortunately, all the strings were in the hands of the right puppeteers and Dugin wasn’t going to let his plans be interfered in. To make it simple for their enemies to enter the station, Dugin and Kluev decided to provide free access for them. They wanted Lomov and his crew to believe that it was the door opener that helped them get inside. After that, events had to develop fast. This is when Dugin would “find out” about the invasion meaning that they wouldn’t be able to implement their plan to destroy the system of mental attacks. They would have no choice but to get out of the station as quickly as possible. Naturally, they wouldn’t try to stop them. On the contrary, the aliens would be given an affectionate send-off. 
Dugin saw Peter sending the bug back happily. Ruslan was seized with a desire to burst into Peter’s room and tell him everything he thought about him, tell him that they knew about their conspiracy and it was doomed to failure. Ruslan was overwhelmed with a feeling of superiority over his enemy, but he also understood that he couldn’t let his emotions control him. He had no right to act on an impulse. Instead, he had to make up a plan. This is what he and his father were going to do immediately. Chuzhakov asked Lomov’s team to contact him once again before the invasion. He had to be sure that everything was going according to the plan.  Peter offered to meet the following night at midnight by the Callirrhoe back entrance. It was occasionally used for lunar rovers to transport the mental system to orbit. Its greatest advantage was the fact that it was located close to the bunker. At the same time, it was far from the “core” of the station where the Callirrhoe personnel lived and worked. This meant that the chance of their disclosure was very low. Chuzhakov promised to figure out the sound password to open the Callirrhoe door. Ruslan grinned thinking about the game he was going to play with his rival. Kluev decided to control the doors remotely, watching Peter’s vain attempts through a surveillance camera. To enjoy the victory in full, he had to let Chuzhakov work hard to gain it. Kluev quickly adopted his father’s tricks. Intrigue was in their blood. But before letting the aliens get inside the station, he had to think over a way to make sure they got infected with the Morpheus virus. It was the most important part of their sinister design. Without it, all their efforts were in vain. It was also dangerous because one had to be very careful handling the virus. Ruslan decided to work on it without delay, while his father was to take care of their mental system. He had to move it away from Callirrhoe. The moment of truth was to come very soon, when Lomov and ungrateful members of his team would no longer be able to spoil their plans.

Chapter 9. Final Preparations

Everything was going faultlessly. So faultlessly that Heydar suspected something was wrong. Yet, Lomov and the boys refused to see the obvious. They waved Heydar’s doubts aside irritably, every time he tried to dilute their blind excitement with a note of hesitation. They got in touch with Peter Chuzhakov, and the boy was willing to help. They didn’t expect such a prompt reply. After that, events marched quickly. Later Lomov confessed that he wasn’t sure about Peter’s reaction until the last moment. Moreover, he was afraid that the boy might have been brainwashed with one of Dugin’s proprietary drugs like Antigloomyn. That way, contacting Peter would mean a total failure and the crew would have to get out of Ganymede as soon as possible. Fortunately, the situation favored them. Peter was sane which greatly increased their chances of winning a victory over the Dugins! They couldn’t wait any longer, it was the time for quick and thoughtful actions. It was unbelievable luck that Peter managed to provide a detailed plan of the station. It meant that they wouldn’t have to act blindly and, as is known, knowledge is power! Callirrhoe turned to have a back door which was good news. This also increased their chances to sneak inside unnoticed. This is where their run of luck broke off. There was a complex task they had to fulfill – they had to get inside Callirrhoe through that back door. Obviously, they didn’t expect to be received with open arms, so they had to unlock the gates on their own. It was important to mislead the security system to make sure it wouldn’t go off. They decided to open the gates with their key tag. There was one question they had to find an answer to: what was its sound password? Did it have a sound password at all? Even though Peter Chuzhakov volunteered to solve this problem, Heydar was tormented with doubts. They couldn’t know for sure that there were actually some people passing by the gates whistling something below their breath… Although, thinking about it, Heydar came to realize that there was one sound that could be heard there on a regular basis… it was the sound of the lunar rover! 
Lomov slapped his forehead, expressing his admiration for a simple, but genius idea.
“Peter’s going to have to wait for a lunar rover and record the sound of its engine. Arthur, make sure you inform our friend about Heydar’s plan in our next message.”
“All right, captain!” Bogumirov saluted.
“This is going to be our last message. If everything’s fine, Peter will give us the exact time to begin the operation, as well as the recording of the moving lunar rover. I guess we’re ready. Right, Heydar?” Lomov turned to the associate officer of the Department of Astrology Predictions.
“Yeah, it looks like it…” Alakhverdiev muttered but didn’t sound confident.
“What now?” the head of the expedition frowned irritably.
“To be honest, I don’t like the fact that we can’t contact Atlasov. Or at least somebody from Arcas. They could give us a piece of good advice. It’d be nice to hear somebody else’s opinion.”
“Listen!” Lomov exploded. “Why’re you so irresolute? Instead of encouraging the team, you keep expressing doubts about everything we do! You question our every step, every attempt to improve the situation! Don’t you understand that if we fail to destroy the mental system now, we will never get to go do it again! Do I have to remind you about the consequences it may have for both the Earth and Arcas?”
Everybody’s nerves were stretched to breaking but Heydar restrained himself. Without saying a word, he shrugged his shoulders and turned around. 
“No offence,” Lomov went back on his word after a short pause. Heydar didn’t reply. 
“I’m sorry. I’ve gone too far,” Alexander continued in a slightly higher voice.
“Heydar, come on, no hard feelings, it’s not the time,” Lugansky interfered suddenly. His words sobered the man up.
“Yeah… You’re right. Alexander, I won’t argue with you anymore. After all, you are the head of the expedition.”
A shadow of excitement flitted across his eyes. Heydar’s spirits rose and he brushed his doubts away. It seemed that he made his final decision, and his oppressive uncertainty vanished.
Lomov looked at Alakhverdiev with approval, as if noticing the change. 
Arthur was nervous sending the bug on its last trip. If luck’s on their side, they would no longer need its help. They’d meet Peter in person, while the mental system that gave them so much trouble would be disabled. The lunar rover was to stop about half a mile from Callirrhoe.  The bug would travel the remaining distance on its own. Strangely, Arthur began to treat the device as if it were alive, almost considering it his friend. “Hold on, buddy! It’s going to be over soon!” Arthur whispered, bending over the bug. Pasha pretended not to notice anything. Carefully rolling over the boulders, the little spy headed for the enemy base, while the lunar rover turned around slowly and headed back.
Ruslan was triumphing. The enemy was about to swallow the bait. Kluev had to give credit to them for identifying the sound password though. It was a bloodless victory. Kluev didn’t get to enjoy Peter’s vain attempts to figure out the right sound combination because he was given it right away. Yet, he still got to jeer at Chuzhakov a little. The young man was so awkward while hiding in dark passages of the station trying to record the sound of the lunar rover engine that Ruslan couldn’t help roaring with laughter.  Learning about Lomov’s plan, Kluev got in the lunar rover and drove up to the back entrance of the station in about an hour. Peter couldn’t see the driver so Kluev felt safe. He had a monitor with him to see what was going on in the narrow passage. Noticing Peter’s attempts to approach the lunar rover, he stopped the engines a couple of times. To Ruslan’s disappointment, doing this trick more than twice was dangerous because Chuzhakov might suspect that something was wrong. 
So, the enemy had access to the station. Chuzhakov used the bug to send Lomov his final instructions. The invasion was to begin at midnight, when everybody at the station was be asleep. By a strange quirk of fate, access to the system of mental attacks was going to be easier than they expected. Ruslan made sure Peter “accidentally” overheard the news in the cafeteria. To be above suspicion, he brought his father into play who Peter had some confidence in. During lunch, Ivan Dugin and a transportation worker were sitting two tables away from Peter. Knowing that the young man would hear their conversation, Dugin began whispering something to his employee. This is how Peter learned that a powerful mental attack against Arcas was scheduled for the following morning and, as result, launching of the mental system into orbit. The news scared Peter and made his head spin at the same time. It scared him because the things were coming to a head. The Dugins had Lomov’s team cornered without knowing it. They had no right to delay. “If we don’t win, they will,” Peter thought. “Oh, I shouldn’t have sent the last message so early. The bug’s not going to return to me, but I should’ve informed Lomov about Dugin’s plan for tomorrow…” he was upset. “However, maybe it’s better this way? The guys won’t worry that much and will make less mistakes. Tonight we can’t fail. The future of the whole planet depends on us.” Peter calmed himself down and came up to the huge side window. The fiery-red ball of Jupiter was hanging over the grey planet threateningly. The gas giant didn’t care about the future of the Third Planet and its tiny inhabitants. This thought struck Chuzhakov. People couldn’t know how lonely they were on a cosmos scale. To preserve their fragile way of living, they have to keep together, but not try to win over other human beings.  Because eventually both sides may to go to the bottom. Unfortunately, this is not what Ivan Dugin thought. 
The night before, the mental system was secretly placed into orbit. Only two people knew about it: Ivan Dugin and Ruslan Kluev. Even the worker who had lunch with Dugin at the cafeteria didn’t know the truth. Neither did Michal. He noticed Ivan’s indifference concerning Scamandr’s achievements, but didn’t pay attention to it. Ivan’s absent-mindedness indicated that he was harboring a plan. It had always been like that. Unfortunately, Dugin senior realized it too late. The wheel of retribution was spinning up and only outer forces could stop it.
Lomov’s team were preparing for the invasion. The boys were extremely excited. None of them thought about a possibility of failure. Traditionally, they decided to leave Heyday in the space ship, but the young man protested which was unusual. For the first time he wanted to find himself at the thick of things. “Good sign,” Lomov thought but didn’t give his permission. Heydar was the only one who could keep all the systems of their space ship in operation. It was reckless to leave one of the boys in charge of it. 
Arthur and Pasha rehearsed the invasion. If everything was going according to their plan, it’d take them some thirty minutes to get to the enemy base and open the back door. They expected no problems with that. It was more difficult to access the mental system. Besides, accessing it was not enough. They had to disable it! They were going to improvise so they could predict neither the time it’d take them nor the result they’d get… However, they put their hopes on Peter Chuzhakov who might be aware of the pitfalls and make the task simpler. Lomov didn’t like the uncertainty, too. Porphyry’s wise piece of advice would be of so much help but it was dangerous to contact Arcas. The signal could be detected. Alas, they had to make all decisions on their own. Alexander looked at his watch anxiously. It was the time. He looked around the room and got up slowly. Heydar understood him without words, “The time has come.”
“It’s time to get ready,” Lomov came up to the boys. They became serious the same moment.  Arthur glanced at his watch. The operation was to begin in less than an hour.
“I’ll wait for you in the hall five minutes to eleven. Now go to your rooms, eat something and put on your suits. Arthur, don’t forget the key tag!”
“All right, captain!” this time Bogumirov’s voice had not a shadow of ridicule. 

Chapter 10. The Fight

Callisto appeared on the sky of Ganymede. The old man was watching them gloomily, that’s what it looked like to Arthur. The doleful icy landscape in the window didn’t seem so predictable anymore. The boy’s brain strained to the breaking point transformed it greatly. It seemed to Arthur that behind each boulder was an enemy waiting for them. The adventure that started on Earth finally brought them to this deserted planet. The fairytale turned into a true story. It could not be more serious. Any mistake could turn to be fatal. They had no right to make one, because it wasn’t a computer game giving one an infinite number of lives.
Lomov was particularly focused and remained silent.  The lunar rover was approaching the station in complete darkness. It was still, Callirrhoe was quiet. They decided to pull over by the nearest cliff and cover the remaining distance on foot. The boys didn’t have such experience because they were prohibited to go outside on Callisto. A feeling of amazing lightness gripped them. Their weight was trice as little as that on Earth. Alexander asked the friends to focus and move towards their target. Arthur kept the key tag and Peter’s recording ready at hand. The crew came up to the gate quietly. A faint light framed the doorway. It was rather frightening. Arthur shivered and turned the recording on, holding the key tag in his hand. He was infinitely surprised to see the gate open quickly. It seemed to Bogumirov that it happened even before he turned the recording on but he didn’t say anything to his partners, putting it down to his excitement. 
They looked at each other meaningfully. Their target was so close! Lomov nodded his head in the direction of the entrance, inviting the boys inside. Pasha heard Arthur’s barely audible exclamation: just in case, they decided to stay in touch also through their space suits. Judging by his intonation, Lugansky knew his friend was amazed by something. Yet, he had no time to ask because they had to come up with Lomov who disappeared in the yawning black passage of Callirrhoe. Pasha, and then Arthur, followed him silently. 
The same moment the gate closed. This is when they saw a lanky figure. Arthur realized that hermetization was achieved and pulled his helmet off. His comrades followed his example. Forgetting about all precautions, Lomov rushed towards Peter Chuzhakov with a loud exclamation who, looking around in dismay, put his forefinger to his lips. He wanted them to understand that it wasn’t the best time to be emotional. Still, Arthur saw happiness his eyes.  Without saying a word, Peter gestured the trio to go deep into the dark passage. Pasha knew why he did it instantly: Chuzhakov wanted to take them to a safe place. The crew followed Peter hurriedly. Perhaps regretting his behavior, Lomov controlled himself. What was he thinking about when he was about to wake up half the enemy staff?
Peter stopped by the bunker’s door. He looked cheerful and very excited. 
“It’s pretty safe here. I took care of the surveillance camera by hanging a static picture in front of it. Alexander, is that you? I can’t believe it! It’s been so many years but you haven’t changed at all!” with these words, the young man threw himself into Lomov’s arms. 
“Thank you, my friend!” there were tears in Alexander’s eyes. “And you, on the contrary, have grown up! I can hardly recognize in you that little boy who was chasing old Porphyry about the station.”
Peter was confused.
“By the way, how is he? Is everything all right?”
“Yes, don’t worry,” Lomov patted him on his cheek. “I have a ton of news for you! Like the story of these guys,” Lomov pointed to the boys. 
“Well, I know some part of it from your first message,” Peter smiled. 
“We’ll have plenty of time to talk. Now let’s focus on the task. Time’s running out. Peter, what’s our plan? You’re familiar with the arrangement of objects at the station, as well as its security system. We fully rely on you in terms of this.”
“At first, I wanted to take you to my room and talk it through there. But the Dugins have been keeping a close eye on me lately…”
“Why?” Lomov got anxious. He found the news alerting.  
“It’s because of that Anna thing. Well, when I warned her about the danger Ganymede constituted.”
“I see. I can’t say that I’m surprised. After all, how else could we explain the fact that you went offline suddenly? Does it mean you’re still under surveillance?”
“Yeah, but… You know, Ivan Dugin kind of likes me now. And just a week ago it was much worse! I was ordered to wear a headband with a video camera and never take it off. I was under surveillance 24/7. Ruslan was beyond himself with anger when he learned that his father suddenly allowed me to take the band off.”
“What changed his mind, I wonder?” Lomov was skeptical. He didn’t believe Dugin was capable of mercy.
“To be honest… I don’t remember…” Peter faltered. “I guess I promised him to think over the noble mission of Callirrhoe. Dugin tried to persuade me that the humanity needs a leader.”
“Sure, and this leader is Dugin.  This family is the best in the whole Solar System,” Alexander grinned. Arthur and Pasha giggled unanimously. 
“I have to admit Ivan’s very persuasive.”
“I know it better than you think. I used to spend a lot of time with him at Arcas. So, did he change your opinion? Do you believe in Callirrhoe’s holly mission?”
“If I did, you wouldn’t be here…” Peter looked offended.
“All right,” Chuzhakov collected his thoughts. “So, here’s my plan. As I told you, Dugin’s going to launch the mental system into orbit. They scheduled a powerful mental attack against Arcas for this morning. He ordered to turn the security system off, because nobody should know about it. The Callirrhoe personnel don’t know about the attack and its consequences. It’s what the Dugins want to do. I doubt that Michal Dugin knows about it. Knowing his off-springs, I wouldn’t be surprised.”
“I see, but how’re we going to break the system down?” Arthur interfered.
“Don’t worry, I have an idea.”
“An idea?” Bogumirov threw up his hands. “I thought you had a plan!”
“Did you have a plan when you sneaked into my space ship?” Lomov brought the boy to his senses.
“I mean I have a plan. I’m sorry if I didn’t make myself clear,” Peter replied with dignity. “I worked in the Arcas psychophysiology lab and participated in all kinds of experiments here at Callirrhoe, so I know the system pretty well.”
“Wonderful!” Lomov exclaimed. “I believe it’s time to stop talking and start acting.”
Peter nodded silently and headed towards the bunker resolutely. 
The thick door wouldn’t open. It was very heavy. They managed to open it slightly only by joint efforts. They looked inside but it was too dark to see anything. It sent shivers down Arthur’s spine – they were about to enter the unknown! On the other hand, was it his first time? Cheered up, Bogumirov leaned all his weight upon the door which began to yield. Peter was the first to squeeze himself into the bunker. He’d been there once, when it was empty as the system of mental attacks didn’t exist.  The device became Dugin’s triumph. Ivan used the knowledge he received at Arcas and displayed a talent of being a good manager: the system was assembled within just one year. This is when he stopped fearing his former coworkers from Callisto and faced a whole lot of new prospects on Earth. Peter remembered the way they celebrated the invention. It was the only time he happened to see Ivan Dugin in a state of euphoria of his astounding success. 
The mental system was in the bunker. Dugin proved to have been telling the truth while talking to that transportation worker in the cafeteria. At the first gleam of light, the device appeared before them in all its beauty. The boys wanted to come closer but Lomov stopped them with a gesture, allowing Chuzhakov to go first. Excited, Peter approached the mental system. He had to concentrate. The mission was about to be accomplished. As far as he remembered, the element responsible for brain programming was in the right section… He only had to pull off the protection film… But hardly had he touched it, when something unlooked-for happened. Suddenly, the bunker door slammed behind them with a thud. The next moment, darkness fell upon the bunker.
 
Chapter 11. Unexpected Outcome

Less than ten minutes of silence seemed to last forever. Ivan Dugin’s voice was like a bolt from the blue,
“Well, I didn’t expect to see you again, Lomov, but life decided otherwise. Welcome to Callirrhoe!”
There was sweat on Alexander’s forehead. A host of thoughts flashed across his mind. It was hard to believe their adventure ended in a complete fiasco. The victory was at arm’s end, but what did they get in the end? A travel full of dangers, guys from Arcas looking forward to hearing good news. Gosh! What an inexcusable venture! Plus the boys sneaking into the spaceship… Maybe, they’d have a better chance to survive if they’d stayed at Arcas…
Unlike Lomov, Arthur Bogumirov kept his self-control. Shock gave place to looking for an answer to the question what to do. Pasha was taken aback and seemed very frightened.
The Dugins decided to keep their enemies in the bunker for fifteen minutes. It was the time Ruslan needed to get to the lunar rover and put the Morpheus virus in it. They abandoned their plan to infect Peter. Even though the idea with the spaceship was more dangerous, it was also more reliable. Kluev was on his way to the spaceship, while Dugin was piling on the agony. The future of his unexpected guests was predetermined: right after the show, the spies were to be allowed to escape. It was too dangerous to keep Chuzhakov at Callirrhoe so he wanted him out, too. “No one’s going to try to stop them. Why not let them be triumphant for a while?” Ivan thought.
“Consider it your arrest. I’m going to call the guards in ten minutes.”
“Why wait so long?” Lomov noted grinning.
“I want to have a heart-to-heart talk with you.”
“Are you going to test the power of your mental system on me?”
“This is rather a tall order for you. Besides, I have other means for stuff like this.”
“Are you saying stuff like this happens a lot here?”
“Lomov, I’m getting tired of you…” Dugin was getting angry.
Meanwhile, Arthur was looking around the bunker frantically in hope to find something that could help them. He took a step towards Peter carefully.
“Can we get out of here?” the boy whispered as quiet as he could.
Chuzhakov nodded his head. After a while, he replied, speaking about Dugin,
“He’s going to alert all his guards, they’ll get us before we even blink. Plus I haven’t removed the destructive element from the mental system…”

“Not good… Lull his vigilance? We have to do something during these ten minutes. Now he’s absorbed into their conversation with Lomov… Why’re you standing?” Arthur hissed suddenly. “Do something with the stupid radiator!”
“Switch!” he cried in a loud whisper but came to his senses quickly.
Pasha’s hand began groping for the switch feverishly. 
“No, it’s not the one I mean. As soon as the light goes off, Dugin’ll raise an alarm.”
“It means we have to prepare for it,” Arthur stated. “The moment the light goes off, we’ll slip out of the bunker. I’ll have the key tag ready. It’s our only chance and we can’t blow it.”
“All right, let me know as soon as you notice something suspicious,” Peter stared at the mental system he hated so much again. 
Meanwhile, Dugin kept up his farce,
“I’ve been wondering how’re you doing without us? Just think about it: best specialists of the station left Arcas within just one hour! If I were you, I’d commit hara-kiri, Lomov! Or at least resign.”
“Fortunately, I didn’t have to do any of that,” Alexander replied gloomily, pretending not to notice the irony. He was focused on something else. He added suddenly, “Atlasov stayed!”
Lomov hit the bull’s eye. Pronouncing his sworn enemy’s last name, he knocked Dugin out. Dead silence fell on the bunker. This is when Arthur realized it was time to act. 
Once the light went off, Bogumirov grabbed Lomov by his hand and dragged him towards the exit without explaining anything. It happened so quickly that Alexander didn’t even think of resisting. He followed the boys obediently. Frankly speaking, he didn’t have time to think it over. To his great surprise, the door of the bunker swung open. The magical key tag helped them again. Running out of the room, Lomov realized that Ivan still kept silent. Did he fail to notice their escape? It was hard to believe but he had no time to hesitate. Brushing all doubts aside, Alexander rushed behind Arthur straight to another obstacle they had to overcome. Stopping near the gate, Peter caught his breath. The fact that they weren’t pursued, as well as a complete silence, was suspicious. While Arthur was busy with the key tag, Chuzhakov was staring at the darkness of the passage trying not to miss any rustle. His hopes weren’t realized and no pursuit was discovered. Arthur and Pasha didn’t notice anything suspicious. All their thoughts were about how to escape! Escape from Callirrhoe before the guards arrived. Peter managed to wrench the mental system apart while Lomov was fooling Dugin with smooth talk, so he was pulling on a space suit the boys brought from the spaceship. Arthur was being triumphant over his own precaution regarding Peter’s outfit. If he hadn’t thought about it in advance, they’d have to abandon their brother in arms. Terrible! Bogumirov was convulsed with fear and hurried to brush his uneasy thoughts away. 
The tension kept rising and came to a climax when finally the gate started to rise. Pasha, who had been shifting from one foot to the other, started to jump with impatience. Arthur looked back again and again, hurrying the slow gate up with gestures. The gate rose up half his height. Looking back for the last time, he seemed to notice a figure in the depths of the passage, but didn’t pay attention to it. One by one, they got out of the station, urging one another with excited cries. 
The next stop was the lunar rover. The way there was surprisingly eventless. The storm inside them abated, everybody calmed down. Finding himself aboard the lunar rover, Lomov tried to contact Heydar. A few minutes later, he saw Alakhverdiev’s face shining with happiness on the small screen. 
“Gosh, I was so worried! Don’t explain anything! Just answer: mission accomplished?”
“Yes,” the four escapees replied in chorus.
“Heyday, we don’t have time! We escaped from Callirrhoe by a miracle. They must be chasing us right now. Activate all the systems. We’re taking off right after we’re back in the spaceship.”
“Yes, sir!” Heydar obeyed without wasting words. His face became serious. “I’m hanging up. See you soon!”
Meanwhile, Callirrhoe had to deal with a totally unexpected turn of events. Ivan Dugin had to break off his conversation with Lomov when he heard some noise growing behind the door of his office. The noise turned into a rumble, but Dugin was in no hurry to open it. Hardly had he turned on the camera in the hall, when the door swung open. Porphyry was standing in the doorway. Ivan was numb with fear in his chair. Nadezhda Atlasova’s figure appeared behind Porphyry which confused the evildoer even more. It was a prominent day for him: first he had to welcome Lomov and his crew and then it was the old man… True invasion! Dugin was so indignant that he forgot to call for help. His eyes full of fury, he was staring at Porphyry approaching him. 
“Ivan, your plan is doomed to failure. You’ve gone too far, so we have to interfere!”
This is when Dugin noticed the familiar emblem on Nadezhda’s space suit. Undoubtedly, it was the sign of Jupiter.
“You who?” he asked through clenched teeth. 
“We, the Pictors,” Nadezhda took a step forward. “It’s time to tell you the truth. We’ve been watching the Callirrhoe rebels closely. We wanted to know how far you’d advance with your mental radiator. But you got lost in a game and your own might affected your reason. Upon realizing it, the Council of Pictors made a decision to interfere.”
Dugin raised his brows. What did she mean? Was she saying the master of people’s fates who he believed himself to be turned to be a flaccid puppet in the hands of a master race? 
“Who the hell are you?”
Porphyry entered into the conversation again. He didn’t reply directly and started in a roundabout way,
“What do you think this place is?” he looked around the room. “An abandoned space station on an uninhabited moon of Jupiter… Suspicious, isn’t it?”
Dugin remained silent. 
“All right. I’ll keep explaining. It was built by Pictors. An ancient race that left the Earth many years ago to explore the unknown. We also built Arcas because we didn’t want to leave our ancestral home unattended… Anyway, I don’t have to tell you this, you know it yourself. We failed to foresee one thing though: the tremendous need for destruction each human being has. Unfortunately, today’s people are very much affected by this disease. To be honest, you have a long way to go to become true homo sapiens. Your escape to Ganymede was a great surprise for us. Driven by a desire to create for so many centuries, we forgot about vile motives people are guided by on Earth! We lost vigilance… But better late than never. Nadezhda and I have arrived at Callisto to remedy the situation. Are your captives still in the bunker?”
Dugin completely forgot about them. He was worried about Ruslan. Without saying a word, he turned his eyes to the monitor to see what was going on in the bunker. Just as he expected, Lomov and his team had vanished into thin air. Dugin cheered up as it meant he still had a chance of success! If only the band took off to Callisto before somebody stopped them. Ivan was thinking frantically over a way to get the old man talk to him to buy some precious time.  
“Yeah, they’re in the bunker. Longing to know what fate I’ve prepared for them,” he muttered. “Do you want to convey the good news to them?”
“Of course,” Nadezhda entered in the conversation. “We’ll talk to you later. And don’t try to run away, we’ll set an energy barrier around your office.”
“Why hurry?” Dugin grinned. “Your friends aren’t going anywhere. Better tell me what’s going to happen to Callirrhoe and its people?”
“You caring about people? Since when?” Porphyry was willing to continue their conversation, unaware that they were running out of time. “Good for you. There’s still some sense of responsibility in you which means you are not hopeless. We believe we’ll be able to explain to your people how much harm they could do to the Earth. We hope to persuade all of you to go back to Arcas.”
“What if they refuse?”
“The Pictors will have no choice but to use your own weapon against you.”
“Very nice of you! What a sweet race you’re!”
“It’s only the boomerang effect,” the old man shrugged his shoulders.
“Let’s get back to the point,” Nadezhda interrupted. She began to suspect something was wrong. After all those years she’d worked with Dugin, she knew she had to watch her step with him. “Take us to the bunker, now!”
… Barely repressing the storm in her chest, Nadezhda ran up to the door that was slightly open. The darkness yawning from the bunker excited bad thoughts in her. She turned to Ivan abruptly. Catching his triumphant grin, she exclaimed,
“Where’re they? What did you do to them?”
“I have no idea... you distracted me showing up in my office. If it weren’t for you, they’d still be here…”
Not wanting to listen to Ivan’s feigned excuses anymore, Nadezhda shot an inquiring glance at Porphyry.
“We have to do something. He won’t tell us anything,” she gave a nod in the direction of Dugin nonchalantly. “What shall we do, Porphyry?”
“We need to contact our space ship immediately. They’ll contact Heydar, while we’ll try to find the captives here.”
“Ivan, we have to ask you to return to your office,” he turned to Dugin. “You’ll be locked up in there until we arrive. As you understand, there’s no point resisting…”
Without saying a word, Ivan wandered back. He looked downcast. There was one thing that troubled him: whether Ruslan put the Morpheus virus in the lunar rover before Lomov arrived.

Chapter 12. The End

The Pictors received an order to contact Lomov’s spaceship instantly. Later it turned out that both spaceships landed just a few miles from each other. Heydar who expected his friends to arrive any minute was very surprised to learn about another spaceship. He was even more surprised by the fact that Porphyry and Nadezhda were in the enemy station. 
“Tell them to come back immediately! Alexander and the boys got away from Callirrhoe. Right now they’re on their way to the spaceship. We’re taking off to Arcas right away.”
The Pictor who was talking to Heydar asked to wait for Porphyry. The man might give some instructions before takeoff. Alakhverdiev promised to comply with the request. They needed support of their new friends badly, especially so powerful ones. The time Heydar spent all alone dampened his fighting spirit. As is known, in a situation like that a man tends to think about bad stuff. Sometimes, silence seemed just unbearable to Heydar. Upon hearing from Lomov, he had a second wind, as if somebody recharged the battery.
The escapees turned up shortly. Excited, the boys stormed into the central hall. They barely exchanged a handshake with Heydar and Arthur told him about what had happened to them on their way to the spaceship. While speaking, he was so excited that Heydar didn’t dare to interrupt him and even forgot to tell him about Porphyry. Hardly had the lunar rover started, when Pasha noticed some man running away from them. This person had been hiding behind the nearest boulder and didn’t want to be seen. It was unbelievable and weird. They were supposed to be the only spies on Ganymede. The man turned back to look at the lunar rover and disappeared behind another boulder forever. Who was it? It was the question they all wanted to find an answer to, especially Peter Chuzhakov. Not a single man from Callirrhoe knew about the operation except for Dugin, but it couldn’t possibly be him. Ivan was at Callirrhoe. Who was it then? They didn’t have to break their head over it. There was only one person who could be the mysterious spy. It was Ruslan Kluev. But what was he doing there? Why didn’t he try to stop the escapees?
The Pictors’ call distracted Heydar from the conversation. Hearing it, Lomov blanched. The boys fell silent, alarmed. Heydar, who completely forgot that his friends hadn’t been informed about the Pictors, puzzled them with his coolness. Porphyry began,
“Glad to see you, my friends! Have you escaped from Callirrhoe safely?”
Not knowing that the old man was on Ganymede, Lomov answered with a question,
“Has Heydar restored communication with Arcas? Great news!  Nothing happened to us on our way here. Except for one strange occurrence…”
Porphyry suspected something was wrong, 
“What it is?”
“We saw a person hiding not far from the lunar rover. We believe it was Ruslan Kluev.”
The man became thoughtful for a moment.
“Listen, stay where you are. And don’t even think of flying back to Callisto without my permission. We’ll be there in about thirty minutes.”
“What do you mean thirty minutes?” Alexander was stunned but Porphyry had already hung up on him. Confused, he turned to the boys.
Heydar realized what was going on and hurried to explain,
“There’s something really important I forgot to tell you. Porphyry and Nadezhda has landed on Ganymede a while ago accompanied by some friends. These people call themselves Pictors. Mysterious wanderers who built Arcas and Callirrhoe decided to help us once they learned about the trap Dugin prepared for us.”
“Wow!” Arthur exclaimed in fascination. “Isn’t it great that they’re helping us?”
“Now I understand the origin of those mysterious solar flares… I always suspected Porphyry was hiding something…” Pasha confessed.
“You’re right,” Arthur caught him up. “And that sly face he always has!”
“Pictors, Pictors…” Lomov was muttering thoughtfully. “Looks like a fantastic dream. Well, I’m excited to listen to whatever explanations the old man’s prepared for us.”
The “old man” didn’t keep them waiting. Entering the spaceship, he declared a state of emergency. The encounter with Ruslan Kluev was disturbing. Porphyry was familiar with the young man’s tricks since the time he worked at Arcas. He knew for sure that the fact that Kluev approached the lunar rover meant they could expect trouble. 
“We have to examine the rover thoroughly. I’m sure we’ll find something.”
Lomov was surprised,
“How could he get inside?”
Porphyry smiled mysteriously in reply.
“Did you leave some of your stuff in there?”
No response followed. Pasha looked askance at his backpack he left carelessly on the chair.
“Well… Actually, yes, I took my backpack with me. Here it is.”
“Do you mind if I take a look inside?”
Pasha shook his head.
“Maybe, there was something else? Try to remember.”
They looked at each other.
“I guess that’s all,” Lomov shrugged his shoulders.
Porphyry took out a tiny flask triumphantly. It had some device attached to it.
“That’s what I thought. Ruslan Kluev’s in his usual style. Gosh, he’s so predictable.”
Pasha looked at the finding in confusion. He’d never seen it before. Did Kluev really put it in there?
“Or maybe it’s yours, Pasha?”
The boy shook his head. 
“I’m sure it’s a highly dangerous substance. Look, it even has a timer. Perhaps, at some point it’ll spray. My guys will figure out what it is. We have to transport the flask to my spaceship. By the way, your escape was Dugin’s idea. And I have to disappoint you but you didn’t neutralize the mental system. You saw a model system in the bunker, while the real one was put into orbit a few days ago. So, we’re going to have a lot of work to do but don’t worry, it’s our problem. You’ve been through a lot. Alexander, I guess you’d better go to Callisto, and the boys’ are sure to be waited for on Earth. Now we have to say goodbye to each other. Time’s short. See you at Arcas!”
“What did you do to Dugin?” Pasha put in.
“Don’t worry, it’s all right. He won’t be able to do harm to anyone anymore. He’s been isolated. The Pictors who came with me are now working on the rest members of the staff. Our primary task for now is to eliminate the consequences of their evil deeds. So I have to go, my friends. See you later!”
Porphyry turned around and the Jupiter emblem flashed on his back. Pasha noticed it. It was the sign he first saw in Atlasov’s greenhouse.
When the old man was gone, Arthur realized that their fantastic adventure came to an end. He knew their parents and friends, who the boys to their shame completely forgot about, were looking forward to seeing them again. Suddenly, Arthur realized that he missed them, too! 
… The spaceship took off. Moving away from the murky Ganymede swiftly, they were heading to Callisto that became so dear to them. This is where they would meet their colleagues and talk to their friends. In two weeks, Arthur and Pasha would go back to Earth. The adventure changed them greatly. They were going to return to their normal life having new knowledge. But until then the two were looking into the black abyss that would never seem lifeless to them…





