GENETIC CLEANSING, JOHN PEARCE

COPYRIGHT © JOHN PEARCE 2013

SMASHWORDS EDITION


CONTENTS:

THE SPIRIT OF ORION

ALIEN RESOURCES

FULLY SCANNED 

A GIFT FROM THE SENATOR

ENQUIRING MIND

THE STUFF OF LIFE

GENETIC EXPRESSION

CONVERGENCE

WALK AND TALK IN THE SUN

AN ARROW SHAFT OF LIGHT

A VIEW FROM A HILL

THE HOUR OF THE WARRIOR

JUNGLE RETREAT

A FOREST OF SPEARS

THE END OF THE BEGINNING




THE SPIRIT OF ORION


The small eight man craft that was a Federation patrol ship, dropped its speed to sub-light. The bright streaks soon shortening to become a myriad of tranquil stars.
‘Let’s see if we can pick up anything on the holoscreen,’ The Captain advised.
‘Should show up at this speed…it’s radio sure enough,’ The Comms Officer added.
‘But there’s nothing solid out there,’ a melee of six troopers observed. All eight of them stared hard at this nothing.
One by one the young faces lit up, then spoke together. ‘A ghost ship!’
The Captain grinned. ‘That’s the first time I’ve met one out here, or should I say not met one.’
‘The RF transcriber says it was just over two hundred light years away when it sent its message…at the speed of light that means just over two hundred years ago!’ continued the Comms Officer. ‘At that speed it would take twenty five thousand years to get to Earth.’
‘So, why bother?’ asked a trooper.
‘Quantum problems, who knows!’
‘It worked, we got the message, just a little late that’s all,’ added another trooper.  
‘So, we have a séance on our hands.’ The Captain’s words seemed to switch the mood from light to heavy, now they were forced into reverence, ready to receive a message from this radio spirit of a long lost spaceship.
The Comms Officer took the role of  medium. ‘Looks  messy, there’s mention of DNA, plenty of As, Cs, Gs and Ts, that much  I do know. Then it seems to have got garbled, it mentions RNA, As, Cs, Gs, Us and Is; I’ve no idea what that’s about!
‘We’d better quantum an encrypted copy back to base, just in case anybody’s interested!’ The Captain concluded.

‘It’s been confirmed Admiral, take a look at this.’
The Admiral screened the file the Commander had just slid at him across his large boardroom table. ‘So the rumours, ghostly and otherwise, were correct. Has Hernandez seen this?’
‘He has, I’ve taken the liberty of calling the Professor in, this’ll give him something to enthuse about.’
‘These people would rattle humanity down to their DNA. The time has come Commander, we need to put together a team  that should succeed based on their genes, and that would succeed based on their deeds.’
‘Are we to scour the DNA Database for such a team?’
‘That’s the starting point, we’ll get the Professor to do it; I’ve got something else he can do at the same time.’

By the twenty fifth century, the space fields and light speed barriers had been broken, allowing escape from an overpopulated planet to find promising new worlds. Technology had isolated travelling spaceships and quantum links from the effects of their space-time environment, hence space drag and time distortion had been eliminated. Galactic travellers could not only get somewhere but would have contemporaries to come home to. There was the much publicized scandal, scientific not familial, of the space researcher who got his sums wrong: After returning from a space flight he found that the woman at home was not his visiting mother-in-law but his wife. Earlier research was transferred from space-time warping to space field mechanics, warp factors and hyperspace were the preferred mode of travel for science fiction writers only. This meant the multitudes were free to shake off the chains of their home planet and find fourteen others to their liking.
Outer space was not the only direction humans went in; inner space was now able to yield its molecular treasures in the form of find and fix scanning, benefiting medical as well as physical science. Gene expression allowed the transparency that suggested to humans their past, present and future, suggested to and not dictated to because of the mellowing affects that choice had on their behaviour. As of now, there had been no intelligent extraterrestrial life recognized; there had been a few humanoids scanned and dismissed as near misses. Not everybody was disappointed by this.

ALIEN RESOURCES


‘What are the smugglers up to now?’ asked the big swarthy man of his Lieutenant, both sweating into their grey guard’s uniforms. They lounged on a covered balcony, overlooking a shaded clearing that was deep in the equatorial jungle.  
‘Maybe going it alone, or worse!’
‘What could be worse?’
‘The Military could have got them, there goes our sideline.’
‘Thank the gods our deal is with the Cyanese Government, or else our platinum would be floating around in space somewhere!’ The Chief of the guards thought awhile. ‘Perhaps we’re not being ambitious enough!’
The hard looking wiry man replied, ‘We’re soldiers of fortune, usually somebody else’s.’
The Chief cursed out his next words, ‘All we’ve done for weeks is round up native Cyanese to be used as lab rats; I say we find out more about what they’re researching. Epigenetics may be the science that turns uranium into platinum.’
‘What?’
‘Metaphorically speaking of course.’
‘Who says so?’
‘Every visitor we’ve checked has been from the government. They wouldn’t work up a sweat in the jungle unless there was money in it, and of course votes.’ The Chief calculated further. ‘Maybe we could replace lost earnings from another source, like those inquisitive natives that keep straying into our back yard?’
‘Natives? What could they do with a state of the art lab.’
‘Those natives had clothes on, and spoke our language better than we do!’ 
Even the more cautious Lieutenant started to look interested. ‘We win or we don’t lose, that’s a better deal than we’ve got now, we’ve lost or we’ve lost. How would you work it?’
‘Our scientists could be encouraged, a nice bonus for extra-curricular activities…some would say bribed. There’s a hell of a lot of gear in that lab, there must be a market for such a setup!’
‘How do we get all this past the Government?’
‘The scientists continue with their Government work as well as freelance, for them they’ll be well paid and they may even be appreciated. They’ll hardly be doing anything wrong anyway, just borrowing the lab!’
The wiry man narrowed his eyes. ‘What if the scientists are asked to do something particularly gruesome, epigenetics can be nasty!’
‘That’s up to them, they’re already involved in vivisection. Don’t forget we get to check what’s being done and for who.’
His eyes now widened. ‘That to me sounds like a promising setup, what now?’
‘We run it by the others, we’ll need to keep all two hundred of them sweet; and we’ve plenty of natives to use as lab rats, that gives us an edge.’
‘You make all this sound very mechanical Chief, as if there couldn’t be any hitches.’
It’s not mechanical at all, it’s biological, people are more likely to be checked by brain scanning these days. Add to this a kilo or two of platinum, then things can run as if they’re mechanical.’
‘I think it’s time I acquainted myself with one of the scanners Chief.’  

‘We’ve had no feedback from the end of the Orion Arm Alfonso, it’s been a week?’
‘I know Senator, it does cause some concern, I’ve had no quantum gossip either.’
‘Tragic, the thought of all that platinum being blown into space,’ The lanky sandy haired man lamented from the comfort of his executive chair and the security of his opulent office. His suit matched his hair colour but  his red shirt compensated for his pallid looks.
‘It isn’t exactly helpful if we’ve lost the smugglers either Senator.’ The slim little man came perilously close to a criticism, as he mumbled his words from a grey face under his black hair. His dark suit was chosen to hide any modicum of personality.  
‘If the military got them, I hope they took no prisoners.’ The Senator’s face was whiter than usual.
 The grey man’s brain went into a defensive spasm. ‘The way we set it up, there’s no link with Cyan House. We’ve always tried to stop native trafficking! It’s the military’s fault anyway!’
‘Nothing from the Senate either, no push against smugglers,’ advised the Senator.
‘What about the Prosecutor’s office Senator, not even the military can blow smugglers out of the heavens without sanction.’
‘The Prosecutor, she’s just as crooked as the military. When they want to do something shady they ask her advice after they’ve done it.’
Alfonso went quiet for a while. ‘We certainly need to break into the military, that’s our weak link…or else keep them away once and for all.’
‘How?’
‘The whole Galaxy knows there’s always been friction on planets with native populations. Suppose we make sure peace breaks out once and for all, that would keep the military away.’
‘You’re not going to suggest we give them the vote?’
‘No, let’s try a native welfare program, publicize a new initiative. Opening our hearts to the natives will attract the bleeding heart vote.’
‘What about the hard hearted vote?’
‘We sell the benefits of a cheap and healthy labour force. Cut out the planetary bickering once and for all, you would look good Senator, a real reformer.’
‘Your quite a visionary Alfonso, how do you propose we convert to being paragons of virtue?’
‘We change direction at our research lab.’
‘Yes…I’m liking the sound of it…give vivisection a better name perhaps, go for a cheap cancer cure…it may just work. We could come out into the open with this one, easier to get it past the Senate, think of all those votes.
‘That’s true Senator.’
‘Also, it could help soothe the grumbles we’re getting from our security forces, maybe give them free medicines if we have to. It’s worth thinking about Alfonso!’
‘Yes Senator, changing the subject, have you thought about the forthcoming meeting with the security leaders.’
‘We probably spend an hour or two on business, then the rest of the time on pleasure, we have plenty of hostesses available.’
‘Don’t forget we need to find out why security business is down, our women aren’t much help unless it’s pillow talk.’
‘I know Alfonso, we need women who can pry as well as entertain. Perhaps we ought to include spying in our education programmes.’
‘May I make the boldest of bold suggestions Senator?
‘You’re probably going to anyway.’
‘We have one woman who has all the attributes to research the security business, I do hate the word spying Senator.’
‘Elena you mean? That’s one woman I don’t want to share.’
‘Think what we could gain Senator, along with her allure and intelligence she would get what we want. If we can stop the security rot, she may help us with other ventures, and of course you’re only lending her!’
‘You’re on form today Alfonso, that’s something else you’ve given me to think about. Damned inconvenient if we’ve lost the smugglers, but at least it’s a warning the military are about!’

FULLY SCANNED


The Prospector bore its path through space, leaving the fabric of space-time swirling in its wake. It was speeding from the newly discovered planet, named AO2374 by the Military, in the hope that it would not attract unauthorized attention. Two of three men dressed in beige suits faced each other across the holoscreen.
 ‘Now Alan, I’ve seen disturbed looks on all types of creatures’ faces whilst in the pursuance of my duties, care to talk,’ the Professor started.
‘Is that before or during lasering them,’ Denton snapped.
‘I’ve always kept clear of vivisection, even opposed it.’
‘What was that over 2374?’ continued Denton wryly.
‘True…they were animals…but of the human species. They made choices with which we were entitled to differ. Let me spell it out for you, they kill and we wanted to stop them killing, hence the outcome. Would you have preferred them to have blown us out of the heavens.’ The words came from a pink face surrounded by tidy grey hair and accompanied by a twinkle in his eyes. 
Denton’s dark blue eyes, now glowered from under his short black hair. ‘What’s confused me is your generosity towards aliens, yet you had no hesitation in exterminating humans! As for my part in it…by the gods!’
‘Ah, I see, it’s what we in the life sciences call the surgeon’s principle: Surgeons have no hesitation lasering out diseased tissue, but only when they’ve decided what the alternative is; and of course they get used to it. You’ve had no time to get used to helping humanity by being logical enough to remove diseased tissue. Put another way, it’s the first time you’ve been so involved with such a disease, or should I say smugglers.’
Denton looked hard at the Professor, his snap had now been forced back down his throat by what sounded suspiciously like logic.
‘Changing the subject, how did you feel about meeting aliens for the first time?’
Denton went inside himself a little. ‘They reminded me of Toby, a terrier I had as a kid, every day after school we would greet each other with the greatest of joy. I’ve never understood if that was because we were so alike or so different, does that make sense?’
‘Absolutely, you felt what each other was feeling at the time of greeting, even though you usually behaved quite differently. Now you answer your own question.’
Denton mused a while. ‘It seems to be an emotional joining, making us as one, you can’t be more alike than that. A true gift from the gods, or as you would say, evolution!’
The Professor nodded and gave his usual twinkly eyed smile. ‘I’ve seen their DNA remember, you have a lot more in common with aliens than with Toby.’
The third man, James Tubary, friend and business partner of Denton felt hostilities had abated enough for him to join the conversation. A cheerful demeanour exuded from a stocky muscular man of medium height, his brown hair was atop hazel eyes. ‘I think he’s got you Dents, I for one preferred to remain in my solid state rather than be reduced to a molecular gas cloud.’
‘An extremely helpful comment Tubs,’ replied Denton with his usual wry smile for such situations.

The Prospector landed gently on the military landing pad and awaited the escort. When the airlock opened they welcomed the black uniforms by handing over their reports and the flight recorder. It was now time to sit in the reception area and wait for the military gods to stir, an hour passed, a shadow appeared from out of the corridor to take on the form of Commander Kronstein. The standard sized black uniform covered the officer that was the head of communications. His cool eyes below slick black hair and above thin lips looked incredulously at the three of them with more emotion than they thought he could ever muster.
‘Gentlemen, we’ve had a quick look at your reports, if Professor Devereaux would care to accompany me to the board room now, we’ll want to talk to you both tomorrow. In the meantime we would ask you not to leave the base or discuss your project with anybody.’
‘I fear this may be goodbye, Alan, James.’ They shook hands sadly, when close to Denton the Professor had to stretch his small frame to whisper in the ear of the tall slim Denton, ‘Use what you’ve done Alan, find The Origins Society.’ On reaching the corridor the little man smiled and waved back over his shoulder, then disappeared along that tunnel into a labyrinth of bureaucracy.
‘So, what’s your bet Dents, was he or wasn’t he a military agent?’ 
‘I’ve stretched my brain until my head aches, the gods alone couldn’t have rolled those dice. There must be more to him than biology, did you hear anything more about him on the Penal Colony?’
‘Not enough, you have to let go Dents, leave the military to weave its own tangled webs.’ 
The next day the Commander reappeared, he looked at them more intently this time. He ushered his charges through the corridors more respectfully than before, Denton sensed the difference all the way to the boardroom. Admiral Maltravers stood behind his chair, his grey eyes beneath tidy short grey hair couldn’t hide the warriors respect for other warriors. Tall and immaculate in his black uniform, he forced himself into his usual formality before he spoke, ‘Please sit down gentlemen.’
Denton and Tubary sat opposite each other as they had done a little more than four weeks earlier. The Admiral sat at the head of the table, Commander Kronstein sat to his right.
The Admiral continued calmly, ‘On the face of it, you flew your ship through Federation law as if it didn’t exist, you effected the escape from the Penal Colony of a convicted fraudster, and then went on to blow a ship load of people out of the heavens. If that wasn’t enough, you put a critical military operation at risk.’
Denton, irritated, ‘Where was our military protection around 2374.’
‘That we regret Mr. Denton, but I will not argue every detail with you or we’d be here all day. However, I have spent most of last evening begging the Federation Prosecutor not to take your exploits any further. A summary of the official version of events is as follows: Contracted by the Military Federation at the time, the above mentioned were working within the limitations of brief military training. Using their initiative with due regard to the time frames and dangerous situations they were confronted with, they achieved their objectives with distinction. They took a criminal from the Penal Colony, whose help was invaluable, and duly returned him to custody after the completion of their project. Further to this, they helped this criminal collect evidence that has since contributed to him gaining an appeal. Through no fault of their own they were forced to act in self defence against known smugglers. Showing great courage and ingenuity they defeated them in space combat. Taking into account all the circumstances and outcomes regarding this project, we conclude that the above mentioned have no case to answer.’
Tubary added sarcastically, ‘We are of course extremely sorry for ridding the galaxy of such butchers whilst in the process of saving our own necks.’
The Admiral frowned, then relaxed. ‘That, I’m afraid is bureaucracy, I have fifty billion people to protect, frankly I don’t give a damn how we got rid of those butchers. You executed the worst bunch of smugglers we’ve had in the galaxy for years, the Orion Arm will be a much safer place without them.’
Both of them sat easier.  
‘What are the Professor’s chances Admiral? We owe him a lot,’ Tubary asked.
‘With the Prosecutor withdrawing any objections, I would say his freedom is a formality. He has to go back to the Penal Colony until his appeal, red tape as usual.’
Denton asked, ‘Was it the alien scans we collected from 2374 that cleared him, or the recording of the cave artwork?’
The Admiral hesitated, then yielded, ‘All I can say for now is, both helped him.’
Denton couldn’t resist another question, ‘Will he continue as a military agent after his freedom?’
The Admiral frowned again. ‘You have a vivid imagination Mr Denton, no doubt that’s what helped you get through your adventure.’
Tubary shook his head at Denton, who continued anyway.
‘I don’t suppose you can elaborate on our work and findings at the mine?’
‘Certainly not.’
As usual they were escorted from the boardroom by a trooper. Admiral Maltravers turned to Commander Kronstein. ‘I think we’ve got them. It’s now time to check the whole team’s latest scans!’

Don’t leave anything out Lieutenant,’ asked the Admiral, as he looked across his large boardroom table into the genial face of Lieutenant Hernandez, the Military’s science officer.
‘I won’t Admiral, after I’m finished you’ll know these people better than their mothers do,’ came the response. The brown eyes set in a tanned face, from under unruly dark hair, was a contrast with the other two black clad humans facing him.
The Admiral had been joined by Commander Kronstein who sat to his right, whilst Lieutenant Hernandez sat to his left. The fourth space at the table was set for the enormous screen that shot up from the table and unfurled its hieroglyphics, which some call bio-chemistry. There were the occasional  rows and columns that ordinary mortals could decipher.
The Lieutenant started, ‘You can see from the screen, none of our five have had any DNA damage, thus no genotype issues. Their epigenotypes haven’t changed either, they’re standing up to combat stress well. Thus their phenotypes are  unchanged, their nearest and dearest will still be able to recognize the people they love!’
‘If they loved them in the first place!’ quipped the Commander with his usual faint smile.
‘True Commander, as for their hormone variations, these should not lead to any gene switching, on or off, in four of them. Thus their psychotypes should also remain stable.’ He then hesitated. ‘There is of course an anomaly with Elena!’
The Commander looked concerned. ‘Please elaborate Lieutenant?’
‘She could switch anytime, do you want to know the particular genes?’
‘Not really,’ continued the Admiral, ‘just any behavioural changes.’
‘At the moment she is thoroughly committed to giving us feedback about the Cyanese Government. Excessive aggression could switch on at anytime, leading to her going it alone or working with Cyan’s criminals perhaps! Hers is a genetics expression issue, she has a conflict between the natural empathy all her people feel, and having to live the life of a scheming agent. Her brain scan showed that this was causing a battle between the hormones that regulate the principal genes for empathy and aggression, and that aggression would win!’
‘Her mind isn’t at ease you mean?’ added the Admiral.
‘Not compared to the rest of her people Admiral. As for all five of them, they remain highly inquisitive, especially Denton. They are also extremely physically fit, which should help us for what is likely to come. As for your plans for an elite commando platoon, there’re no genetics issues showing up there.’
‘Are you calling Elena in Admiral?’ asked the Commander.
‘No, we follow her into any new adventure she may embark upon! Incidentally, what colour has she dyed her hair for her assault on the Cyan government.’
The Lieutenant knew the question was a serious one, so his answer was accompanied by only a faint smile. ‘Her hair is short and blond, platinum blond as it happens, she is of course still tall and slim with her exquisite high cheekbones and those light expressive eyes.’

A GIFT FROM THE SENATOR 


The ten leaders, with their entourages, of the Cyan Security Auxiliary met at one of the more opulent rooms annexed to Cyan House. Food and drink were enthusiastically served by hostesses who were on a bonus to report back any pillow talk. The Senator believed in the power of platinum and all it bought, his constituents were paying for the protection given by his private army, instead of a more expensive police force. The irony was that his force was made up of favoured native tribes and led by their prominent leaders who had risen up through the Senators own society, thus making a mockery of the prejudicial barriers thrown up between them and those from Earth. They now dressed and behaved as people in high society were supposed to, except they did it better. The usual arguments simmered as to whether this was an excellent and economical peace force, or a protection racket.
It was against this background that the Senator had decided to sacrifice his not so subtle offering to the ten leaders, with the aim of uncovering the business leak. He knew that the ten were a tightly knit clique who were capable of making or losing him a lot of platinum. His first tactic was to split the offender from the others without losing his captivating bait.
All eyes were drawn to Elena as she glided into the large room, she had been educated to a level that hadn’t suffocated her intelligence. She now had the pick of ten powerful men, not only were they adept at business, but were in effect powerful army generals. She was delighted to exercise her own choice, usually it was made for her. She aimed herself at the youngest, a little older than herself, he was to her carnal specification: tall, slim, tanned and fair haired. All the security leaders lived in comfort although in the jungle, leaving it when required with their armies to keep the Senator’s peace. She smiled sweetly, and virtually floated across the floor to stop in front of this youngest mortal, chosen by her, now she had been promoted to a messenger of the senatorial god.
‘Hello,’ she said in a tone that would melt platinum, ‘my name’s Elena.’
He stood up well to this charm offensive, with no hint of shyness he showed his obvious delight and introduced himself confidently. ‘Hello, I’m Carlton, I never thought I’d be allowed to talk to you,’ he said with a wicked smile.
Her eyes widened, she turned her exquisite face to one side. ‘Why wouldn’t you be allowed to talk to me?’
‘The obvious reason, how could he leave you alone for one second?’
She chuckled. ‘You’re not going to smother me with clichés are you Carlton?’
‘Elena, it would only be a cliché if it wasn’t an honest question.’
She now knew with this man it would be a waste of time to flirt unnecessarily; to speed things up she gazed straight into his light blue eyes set in that young face. ‘Have you anymore honest questions?’
‘Yes, let me help you find out what the Senator wants to know?’
‘How did you know…?’
‘I know the Senator Elena, and so do you.’
‘I’ve nothing against efficient communications Carlton, what could I do for you in return?’ she asked with a flicker of suggestion as well as her eyelashes.
‘I’d like my territory spread further south onto the plains, that’s where the growth is, and of course I’d like you.’  
Her eyes widened again, she looked up at him as only she could. ‘I look forward to working with you Carlton.’

The Cyan Government carrier hovered over one of its planet’s largest bank branches. About a dozen laser carrying gunmen had tried to make an unauthorized withdrawal by helping themselves to its platinum reserves, and were now surrounded by four hundred security guards. Earlier, it took only one guard to report the suspicious behaviour of an unusual number of furtive men, prior to them deciding to shun an electronic transaction in favour of a platinum one. The cheaply run security forces were armed only with their wooden spears. The Government calculated that with enough spearmen they could overcome the fewer criminal targets when the execution of their crimes were in progress. Public grabbing headlines included the offering that rifles could be sprayed indiscriminately, slicing up voters into more than just their opinions; whereas a spear in the hands of native Cyanese would hit with the same precision as a sharpshooter’s laser. 
The whole area was cordoned off as Carlton was now about to show Elena what life was like on the other side of the planet. They stepped from the carrier to be greeted by a fully clad spearman.
‘Usual situation?’ he asked of the spearman, who nodded. ‘I’ll try talking to them. Plenty of media about?’ The spearman nodded again.
‘Can I join you?’ asked Elena, ‘I’d like to study such people.’
‘If you must, but please try and stay alive for the Senator.’
Carlton moved with Elena to beyond the wide eyed crowd whose day had been well and truly made by the misfortune of others. Many bank customers were still held in the clasp of desperate criminals. When within shouting distance of the bank he moved behind a wall dragging Elena along with him. He had no intention of using his communicator, he wanted all to hear his challenging words. 
‘OK, you know the score, give up and live or don’t give up and die, what’s it to be.’ He made sure his shouted words were coloured with disinterest.
‘You get us a carrier, then nobody gets hurt,’ was the shouted response.
‘Why? You’ve already had your DNA scanned, we know who you are. It‘ll cost more to hunt you down than finish you now.’
‘We’ll start on the customers!’
‘That bank’s got no protection insurance, customers knew the risks of banking there.’ Carlton couldn’t resist the temptation of continuing with a joke, ‘Banking there is not a matter of your money or your life, but your money and your life.’ He laughed out loud at his own witticism.  
‘We’ll wipe out hundreds of your guards before they can get us.’ 
‘We know, we’ve got hundreds to spare anyway.’ Carlton now changed the colour in his voice to contempt. ‘You’ll all be just as dead, however many guards and customers you kill.’
‘You bastard,’ came the angry response, ‘how’re you going to get at us?’
‘It’s routine you idiot, we laser the building, any man not roasted alive is speared. Do you really want to end up like the main course at a hog roast?’ Carlton laughed out loud again. 
After the expected silence. ‘OK, we’re coming out without weapons, make sure you keep those spear points away. ’
Carlton waved his spearmen forward, then turned to Elena. ‘What did you learn from that?’
Her eyes as usual beamed the answer her words gave, ‘I think I’m going to enjoy working with you Carlton.’ Her eyes then feasted on the desperate bank robbers as they were led out in a line, each between two spear carrying guards.

The carrier was flying high over the northern temperate zone on its way back to Cyan House. The planet’s capital nestled snugly in a shallow valley, enhancing the beauty of this city as it lay astride the Central River. They had stolen the name Athens from their nearest neighbour, as they prided themselves on their largely white multi-shaped buildings, which didn’t dampen the soul as the standard grey buildings did.
‘That was quite a performance Carlton,’ Elena started, grinning at the young man at the carrier’s controls.
‘Performance?’ He queried, glancing sideways at her.
‘I’ll bet you that those desperate bank robbers will be tried, convicted, and then set free in the jungle, only to be called back again when they’re needed.’
‘What about the minor detail of their stay on the Penal Colony?’
‘That’s easy, the ship that delivers them to the garrison picks them up from the forest, probably within a few hours of delivering them.’  
‘I’d like to know how you came to those conclusions Elena?’
‘They all looked like native Cyanese to me, the Federation doesn’t keep native DNA fingerprints on record, only a species genome. They could have been anyone, scanned or not! I expect they plead guilty, that way they don’t have to have their DNA fingerprints checked’
Carlton went quiet for a few seconds. ‘Why put on such a performance?’
‘That’s obvious, to encourage the bank to take out insurance and for the publicity.’
‘But we surrounded the place, that helped the bank?’
‘That wasn’t for their benefit, I’ll bet the Senator knows what you’re up to?’
He glanced at her again. ‘He knows, sometimes the natives are allowed to escape with the platinum, then he charges extra to get it back! And gets all the publicity that goes with it.’
‘How does he get away with that?’ she asked with exaggerated surprise.
Carlton chuckled. ‘Publicly his on the side of the voter, in effect he’s often conspiring with the native Cyanese against the voter. He makes sure he distances himself from any of his schemes.’
Elena calculated that at this time she shouldn’t continue with such a direct route, she changed direction! ‘I’m missing the jungle Carlton, do you think you could take me there sometime?’
‘Why not!’

ENQUIRING MIND


The anti-gravity engine smoothly lifted the sleek black aerodynamic carrier; it was soon gliding over the rooftops of countless grey carbon buildings between which were the multi-coloured moving dots of life. The scattered parks, ponds and a river were visual oases for Denton and Tubary, then the real thing: The open country with its variety of green hills speckled with small villages looking like miniatures of the city, the scene completed by a river ambling through it. As its last duty the carrier floated down to settle gently on a large roof, more like a dove of peace than a hawk of war.
Denton had been quiet since the boardroom, his mood at odds with their success. He was quick to serve stiffer than usual drinks back at his apartment before scouring the message screen.
‘Nothing exciting,’ he grumbled.
‘I think you need to make your mind up Dents.’
‘What, about the Military?’
‘About where you go from here, we’ve both had our minds blown wide open. Surveying, especially for you, won’t be the same anymore.’
‘Yes…all this project we’ve been dangling on somebody else’s strings. What about you Tubs?’
‘It wouldn’t break my heart to change direction, especially if that direction was the Penal Colony.’
‘Maria?’
‘That’s right, she’s one hell of a woman…her whole life’s an adventure…she tried to talk me into joining her.’
‘I don’t see you running a house of ill repute Tubs.’
‘It’s the ancillary activities that interest me Dents, it’s a den of intrigue, even before you get into space.’ 
‘For me Tubs, I’ve got to find The Origins Society!’

The morning saw Denton’s white anti-gravity craft taking him smoothly along the country roads to arrive in a hover park under Europa; the city that was the hub of the media giant Interplanetary News Net, as well as the Galaxy’s Military operations. A lift rocketed him up to one of the higher floors in the building to be met by a large man. His jacket was missing from under an unmoved look that seemed to say impress me if you can; his dark hair was greying over a pale face. Denton felt the urge to react to the man’s indifference rather than his potential use, the man held out his hand and forced out a weak smile, which Denton copied rather than felt. Within seconds they were facing each other across the large flat screen that was the journalist’s workstation. Casper Ballantyne, whose face had been beamed throughout the galaxy for many years was about to give an audience.
‘This story you have Mr. Denton, you have confirmation of all the facts?’
‘No point me being here if I haven’t,’ he said testily.
‘I need something to go on.’
‘I’ve a message from a planet full of witnesses.’
‘They’re only a form of ape.’
Denton had no intention of hiding his irritation. ‘Three of us spent an afternoon with these apes, they’re brighter than most humans, which isn’t saying much.’
The cynicism in Ballantyne ebbed, his eyes sparkled a little. ‘This message?’ he asked coldly.
‘Yes, next time you take a holiday, have a look at this cave wall.’ He slid a file across the workstation. ‘That’s real journalism.’
Ballantyne’s eyes narrowed as he greedily absorbed the screened artwork. ‘What do you get out of this?’
‘You get me a meeting with The Origins Society.’
‘What makes you think there is an Origins Society?’
‘I think you’ll find there is, especially as this story is set to run and run.’ Denton let his words sink in. ‘I look forward to meeting them.’
‘I can’t promise you anything Mr Denton, they’re hard to find. They may not even be interested!’
‘Really? You have investigative journalists all over the Galaxy, don’t say I need to try another news net? Then, when you find them, just say I’ve a tale about inosine to tell them’
Ballantyne’s face softened, Denton felt he’d slain the man’s indifference.
‘Tell me Mr Denton, what’s to stop me splashing this all over the Galaxy?’
‘You said it yourself, at this point these aliens are just another form of ape, it’ll soon fizzle out. If you wait you’ll get a real scoop and with all the evidence!’
Casper Ballantyne paused awhile. ‘Right,’ is all he could say.

Back at his apartment, Denton’s thoughts were disturbed by Tubary’s enthusiastic arrival. ‘That was definitely the one and only Professor Anton Devereaux who shared our adventure. I checked out using laser instruments, it’s virtually identical to using a cannon manually; and that’s not all, his trial was genetically dubious. Somebody certainly wanted him convicted. Do you still think he’s a military agent Dents?’
‘How did he learn to kill?’
‘We can’t blunder about the whole Galaxy asking a shipload of questions, especially that one!’
‘I know Tubs, I’ve checked out what we signed up to, the military can’t have it both ways; our smuggler problem was our business and a civilian matter, what’s confidential is that we researched a mine. The smugglers may or may not have been the tax evaders the military had in mind; but somehow I don’t think it should’ve been our job to execute them. If that got out the Senate would hammer them.’
Tubary smiled. ‘Let’s hope the military don’t hammer back, they’re the ones with the weapons!’
‘There’s no telling what this is all about Tubs; but one thing’s for sure, we trade what we know for what we want to know.’
‘No doubt you have a preference as to who bankrolls us?’
‘Not until I’ve had a chat with The Origins Society.’

THE STUFF OF LIFE


A few days later, Denton was struggling again with the weights at his gym, but unlike an earlier meeting the large hand seemed helpful; it forced the weight up instead of down as his energy sapped. The huge man smiled sheepishly, he stood back from the bench press whilst looking around.
Denton stood up slowly. ‘I wondered when I’d see you again. Don’t worry, my friend isn’t here today.’
‘He’s the least of our problems,’ the huge man said.
‘Maybe I could help?’
‘When could you meet with The Origins Society?’

The day brought the start of a long drive, to and around Europa, along many kilometres of multi-lane and multi-level hover-ways. The huge man had a name, it was Justin Duvallier, he hated it so much he insisted he was called Mick from his fighting name Mountain Mick. Denton chuckled at the thought of anybody calling such a giant by any name other than the one he wanted. He dressed in a loose fitting black track suit which covered his two metre frame; he was broad even for his height. Denton wondered just how fast Tubary must be to have scared this man at their earlier meeting. His face was a rounded match for the rest of his clean shaven head, the only prominent feature being his hard looking eyes. Mick handled his craft well and proved to be a far more sensitive giant than at first he seemed, he was embarrassed to relieve Denton of his communicator, but the meeting’s secrecy was sacrosanct. 
Denton started, ‘In the past you tried to shake my trust in the military?’
‘It was to remind them through you that we’re still an issue, I did my best to look menacing.’
‘It worked with me, but the military are used to being menaced.’
‘I know, but I had to make sure you’d tell them.’
‘You could have asked me or the military politely!’
‘Then I would have been ignored, our society always is.’
‘Were you going to beat the hell out of me if Tubary hadn’t arrived?’
‘No, all you would have got was a shaking.’
‘What good does keeping an aggressive eye on them do?’
‘Encourage them to contact us, which they did, eventually!’
‘But I’m not with the Military!’
‘Aren’t you?’ 
After that last comment, Denton had to accept that there was a mind on top of that mountain of muscle that sat beside him. 
Mick glided off the hover-way, through narrow lanes to a comfortable looking tavern nestling amongst the trees. Just the place for a quite meeting thought Denton. They entered a small back room where two men and a woman, casually dressed but smart, stood up from a large round table to greet him. 
A greying clean shaven personable man started to talk in a formal manner, ‘Thank you for coming Mr Denton, I will save the introductions for later, please sit down.’ 
Denton nodded before all four lowered themselves around the table, as if they were the four main points on a compass, Mick sat away from the table.
‘Since hearing of your interest in The Origins Society, and in particular where your sympathies lie with regard to aliens, we have contacted people who know you, in particular an introduction from Professor Anton Devereaux has sped things up. We have no problem answering any questions, within reason, that you may have. However, I think that an introduction to our society would be the best place to start, I’m afraid it will sound a bit like an anthropology lecture.’
Denton nodded again.
‘As a society, our initial concerns were for creatures from other worlds, no matter what their genetics were. However, what humankind can’t understand is that alien evolution parallels our own. Some of these species have taken slightly different routes, at slightly different times to arrive at roughly the same place as us…but no interbreeding.’
Denton moved to the edge of his chair. ‘But how different is evolution on other planets?’
‘Evolution’s principles are the same on all planets, that’s exactly the point. It’s not surprising when you consider that fourteen planets, so far, have been found to be so close to Earth’s environment as to be suitable for humans.’
Denton slumped back in his chair. ‘Have other planet’s evolution rates been checked?’
‘We never make statements unless they’re backed by research.’
Denton nodded yet again.  
‘There was no trouble when some alien species were found to have genomes comparable to ours when they behaved differently and looked hairy.’ The two men exchanged smiles. ‘The trouble started when some alien species were found to have epigenomes comparable to ours, their cerebral gene expressions rattled some humans down to their DNA. Then bingo, inosine levels in their cerebral RNA was also found to be comparable to ours. Thus their evolution had split them from their ancestors just as ours had.’
Denton interrupted, ‘How is this genetics kept away from the people, the human kind I mean?’
‘Those that know and care, still can’t get past the law, which is twisted by politics! The rest of them don’t want to lose their share of these other worlds.’
‘You must be sick of the question: Why aren’t aliens flying about in spaceships if they’re so smart?’
Most humans know no more about mutations and gene expression than they did at the dawn of their evolution, about a hundred thousand years ago. It’s taken up to the last thousand years to get spaceships, the question should be: Why are we so dumb? Aliens that could learn from us are a real threat to many humans, whilst others welcome the idea.’ He paused to let his last comment sink in.
Denton leant back in his chair. ‘I’ve had the advantage of lectures from Professor Devereaux, plus my own experience, and a blast from the past in the form of cave artwork; I do have other questions though.’
‘I expect you do, but if you’ll bear with me a little longer, we haven’t got our heads in the clouds, or should I say our heads in space. Intelligent aliens and ourselves are attacked by those who benefit from keeping ownership of stolen planets, however, we have our allies, we are funded by a few who want humans to pay for their share of these planets. Galactic companies as well as senators are squabbling over law changes to suit themselves, this is hopeful! But we must be sure not to give our enemies political ammunition. It doesn’t take us anthropologists to see that nothing in the Homo sapiens species has changed.’
Denton added, ‘There’s often been rumblings in the media, but very little in the Senate!’
‘The Senate is where we’re aiming, to get the law changed first, then aliens could be educated and take their places as senators. This would not only be just, but decrease the chances of fighting…and yes…the Galaxy’s economy would also benefit, not least because the aliens would develop wealth from their land sales. I concede we would have to get past the initial economic problems, integration and all that.’ He paused again.
Denton could only let all he’d heard sink in.
‘Any questions at this stage?’
‘How many intelligent alien races do you know of?’
‘That’s what I was coming to, all fourteen planets colonized by us have species similar to our apes, cerebral gene expression shows three of these planets have species comparable to us.’
By now Denton was not surprised. ‘The population numbers?’
‘Estimated, one hundred and eighty million on Gardenia, two hundred and twenty million on Frontier and four hundred million on Cyan.’
‘They must be getting nervous on Cyan?’
‘They are!’
‘I’m no economist, but absorbing that many would cost a fortune!’
‘We’re not kidding ourselves, it would be tough.’   
‘What do they look like?’
‘Put it this way, if they dressed like humans and visited a hair salon, they could walk the streets of Europa without attracting undue attention.’
‘Why undue attention?’ Denton asked with a smile.
His smile was returned. ‘They would look better than us, they wouldn‘t need a gym.’
‘Another thing that would upset humanity!’ Denton grinned at first, then thought for a few seconds. ‘What if aliens don’t want to enjoy the delights that humanity has dreamt up for itself?’
‘They, like us, would have the right to live their own lives. We may revert to their lifestyles, that’s another thing humanity has always dreamt of, but couldn’t pull themselves away from their technology!’    
Denton nodded his agreement as his lecturer turned serious.
‘Not only are these alien threats bad enough, but they’ll be outright panic when they find out that at least one other species has greater intelligence than humans, as evidenced by cerebral gene expression.’
‘Which planet?’ Denton gulped.
The man looked around the room and sighed, ‘I’m afraid we don’t know.’
‘What do you mean you don’t know?’
‘In this case we didn’t collect the genes, they collected us.’
Denton’s mouth opened.
‘We couldn’t find the idiot who took a kid from his planet, then left him at a zoo. He’s now sixteen years old, should have his first degree this year.’
Denton couldn’t help but chuckle. ‘From a zoo to a university, is there a difference? It’s a wonder he wasn’t too bright to get in, the university I mean.’
‘Exactly.’ Was the smiled response.  
‘What…what kind of life has he had on Earth?’
‘Far from ideal, but not too bad, good people found sympathetic playmates as he grew up, you can imagine how tough his life has been.’
Denton nodded.
‘Now Mr Denton, before we come to our last and most pressing problem, would you like to meet these genes?’
‘Absolutely.’
The man nodded at Mick who left the room for a few seconds to return with what looked like an awkward teenager. Dressed in the garb of the day, his eyes and body shape looked a little different. ‘This is Harry,’ Mick said.
Denton wanted to ooze out his joy slowly, he stood up to shake the young aliens hand. ‘I would recognize those eyes anywhere, even though they’re under tidy hair,’ he said, waiting for his words to move his audience. The pleading look in the teenagers eyes changed to a sparkle of hope. ‘Planet AO2374 is where you’re from.’ All other eyes, even Mick’s, had moistened a little. ‘I trust you would like to visit your people some day?’
Eagerly, in a voice sounding no different from any other teenager, ‘Yes please sir.’
Now their eyes were really moist, Denton was enjoying himself more than he could ever remember, helping him keep his own eyes dry. ‘No problem, we’ll arrange it soon, after this meeting we can talk some more.’ He nodded at Harry and sat down, looking again at his audience. ‘You had a more pressing problem I believe.’
Mick ushered an ecstatic teenager out of the room, they’d all composed themselves by the time he’d returned.
The spokesman of the group turned to a dark haired younger man sitting to his right who started talking slowly and somberly, ‘In the never ending murk of politics our enemies are about to pull off a coup. Somebody has employed a bunch of mercenaries to train an alien army of about a thousand. They’ve somehow got the aliens to believe it’s in their own interest to use violence rather than words.’
‘What good...or bad, could a mere thousand do?’
‘Very little militarily, but lots of political harm to themselves. The jungle drums, so to speak, are suggesting the weapon could be epigenetic programming.’
‘Mercenaries and epigenetic programming, I don’t see it.’ Denton dared a joke, ‘How do they manage to transcribe a message about epigenetic programming into drum beats? Do you know anymore?’
‘Only that they’re Cyan aliens and that’s where they’re being trained.’
‘A symptom of Cyan’s nervousness?’
‘Probably,’ he sighed.
‘Can you communicate with them?’
‘We’ve learnt their language, but they keep on the move, it’s finding them.’
Denton sat back in his chair, then thought a while. ‘I take it this is where I could help?’
‘Yes, that’s what we hope.’
‘What’s your problem with the military?’
The word military nudged the lady. ‘Don’t they just do what the Senate tells them?’ Slim with long black hair well below her shoulders, she looked intently at Denton as he replied.
‘From what you and the military say there’s no contact between you. This must be bad!’ The woman thought as Denton continued, ‘If I can, let me help by getting the Military to do its job?’
‘Would they want to split aliens from mercenaries?’ she asked coldly.
It was then it hit Denton. ‘Maybe they don’t want vivisection charges only, if programmed aliens are the weapons aimed at humans, then they would want to get those behind this for attempted murder.’ He then looked at Mick. ‘What Mick said to me earlier, not only are they bound by the law, but the Senate control the Military’s resources, that’s why they haven’t acted earlier!’
‘How come you have such a rosy view of the Military?’ she asked less coldly this time.
‘I haven’t, but Professor Devereaux might have! You’ve taken his word about me; maybe he’s working for the Military?’   
The older man looked at the other two, they both nodded. ‘We have no choice but to try your approach Mr Denton, we can back you with evidence!’

GENETIC EXPRESSION


Once again Denton had to wait in the military reception, but just a few minutes this time. Tubary had decided to excuse himself from the boredom of what he thought would be routine negotiations. Almost as regular as an atomic clock, Commander Kronstein appeared from out of the corridor, this time there was a hint of friendship. Now what were they up to thought Denton. For the first time he could walk through these corridors of power knowing that this meeting would be to his agenda. In the boardroom the Admiral was as courteous as ever, the Commander sat in his usual chair, Lieutenant Hernandez sat opposite him, leaving Denton to take the last side of the table opposite the Admiral.
The Admiral started, ‘Yes Mr. Denton, you have something to tell us?’
‘I’ve got through to The Origins Society, they and I need your help in preventing a massacre; not only of a thousand naïve aliens but of their targets, whoever they are.’
‘You have evidence of this?’
Denton slid a file over the desk which the Admiral screened. He nodded at the Commander, who nodded back, both pairs of eyes showed recognition. ‘The man who signed this, you actually met him?’
‘I did.’
‘Do you really think there’s only a thousand?’
‘It does seem too few, maybe a trial for something larger!’ 
‘Some of this file is in code.’
‘For what?’
‘Cyan Government involvement!’
‘You don’t seem surprised Admiral.’
The Admiral and the Commander exchanged glances before looking at the Lieutenant.   
He started, ‘Genetics told us years ago that some aliens are as smart as we are, but our perverse alien law ties our hands and encourages this. Epigenetic programming had to rear its bio-chemical head someday.’
‘Why don’t you let Tubary and I go take a look, we’ll shout if we need you.’
The Admiral continued, ‘It’ll be tough finding anything on a planet that size.’
‘Maybe we can find something large enough, like fuel or a food store.’
The Admiral looked hard at Denton. ‘You’re willing to risk your neck for aliens; mercenaries aren’t known for their tender hearts; and as for epigenetically programmed natives, you could get a spear stuck where you least want it at any time, from a previously friendly native.’
‘If we’re caught we’re just a couple of dumb scientists; with The Origins Society’s help and yours we may get somewhere.’
‘I have to make it quite clear, you’re not only risking your neck but your genes as well, whoever’s behind this could end up programming the Prospector crew!’ The Admiral nodded sombrely at Lieutenant Hernandez, whose friendly face sympathetically echoed his following words.
‘We’ve managed to keep the lid on genetic warfare so far, we see no reason why we shouldn’t continue to do so. That’s why we want you to be well aware of the power of epigenetic programming. Genes can be switched on or off, not only at the time of injection, but for any time in the future and for varying periods. Thus, for the example the Admiral gave, an alien native could be converted to a spear carrying weapon for any period in the future. As many of us know, with their intelligence they don’t have to be limited to spears.’
‘What happens to choice in all this?’
‘It has a hell of a tough time resisting intense gene expression.’ 
Denton was gripped by a few moments of concern before his humour freed him. ‘Admiral, there are times when I feel my genes need a good shake up, I hope you can arm our ship for its flight to a potential epigenetic confrontation!’
The Admiral returned the quip, ‘we can help you, but don’t get too lazy, you’ll still have to do some thinking for yourself.’ He then nodded again at the Lieutenant.
‘The enhanced power we can give your onboard computer will be through our latest cell scanners, genetics analyzer and quantum connection to the Federal DNA Database. You’ll be able to scan people or cells, then sort and sequence DNA. You can check out their DNA fingerprints, use phenotypes to check out their looks, just in case they’re too shy to show themselves. If you really need to get personal, you can delve into their psychotypes, then you’ll know if they’re likely to blast you.’
Denton grinned. ‘It’s always nice to know by who and how you’re likely to be blasted, any chance of knowing when?’
Lieutenant Hernandez returned his grin. ‘If you can’t tell from their body language Mr Denton, you can always take a quick RNA check, but it will have to be quicker than them getting a laser shot at you.’ 
The Admiral retained control. ‘More than anything I want those behind this and their weapon…a covert approach would be best…you’ve got yourself a trip to Cyan Mr Denton.’
‘When could we start?’
‘Have you any idea as to how you could pull this off?’
‘I’ve an idea based on a hunch!’
‘I’d rather base your idea on collective logic, genetics training and of course a platoon of our best commandos. I’ll set this up, give me a week.’
‘One last thing Admiral, will your genetics analyzer include interspecific analysis?’
The Admiral hesitated and glanced in turn at his colleagues. ‘It will now.’
After Denton was ushered out of the door, the Admiral made his usual remark to his colleagues, ‘I do enjoy a meeting that’s to the point. Now we can complete our team!’

CONVERGENCE


The Prospector sat boldly on four legs, a metre off the ground. It was rectangular sided with curved edges, measuring twenty five metres long by ten metres wide by ten metres high. The rounded front had a curved circular observation point, measuring two metres diameter, placed at its centre. Underneath this the laser drill protruded and swivelled when required. The nuclear system was at the rear of the ship. There being storage space and the anti gravity engine below the floor, the environmental control systems were above the inner shell. The bridge was the usual array of controls, instruments, screens and holoscreens allowing a crew of one to look through the observation point while taking the Prospector to the stars. Behind this bridge were the living, sleeping and laboratory quarters in that order, compacted to the maximum. A sober grey floor throughout emphasized the busy walls.
 ‘I thought all that grunting and groaning would get you understood Mick.’ Tubary joked, on just learning that Mick was one of those in The Origins Society who could speak the language of the Cyan aliens. The two men shook hands firmly, they’d first met in an unarmed combat competition; both had received the training that allowed them to fight as a sport, including the skills to kill if they got really grumpy.
Now there were three, four counting the Prospector, which Denton moved from the military base up to the black heavens, the starting point for a week long journey to Cyan. Mick had travelled many times as a bored fare paying passenger, but the sight of a spaceship’s bridge drew him towards the flashing and buzzing, the language of technology. As the first treat he saw the Earth shrink down to a point and disappear, then the stars streaked to become a guard of honour for the little ship as it embarked on its dangerous mission. Tubary and Mick delighted in the use of the on board gym, Denton as usual did what he had to do with the torturous devices. Studying took up a lot of their time; the two friends were surprised by Mick’s interest and knowledge of aliens, the native Cyanese language he knew was not acknowledged yet. The Prospector completed its journey in good time, slowing to be greeted by a cyan coloured world with wispy white clouds covering oceans and land ranging from rainforests to snow caps. 
‘Would the spaceship arriving over the Indian Plains please identify itself.’
Denton was quick to test the covert system. ‘The Prospector, surveying for Nucleon Health Services.’
There was a pause. ‘Thank you Prospector, please continue at your discretion.’
The ship slid under the Cyan sky to a few hundred metres above the sun soaked green plains. They looked for the hollow that offered a natural landing pad, they were guided by rough coordinates only, it took a little time to find their target before settling on some level ground.
Denton relaxed. ‘That’s it, all we do now is wait for our army.’
Mick raised his eyebrows, the only hair on his head. ‘You mean a whole platoon,’ he said wryly.
‘Well, there are only a thousand or so to deal with Mick,’ cracked Tubary, ‘and we’ve got you.’ 
It was less than an hour when a large shadow crept over the rim of the hollow followed by the enormous black beast that caused it; they merged into one at ground level where it dwarfed the Prospector. An airlock opened, large enough to swallow the small ship had it wanted to. Down the ramp marched a grinning Professor Devereaux dressed in a beige jump suit, the rest of him still looked professorial. He was followed by his platoon of twelve green clad aliens from Planet AO2374 backed by luggage carrying troopers. Numerous bags of all shapes and sizes were taken into the Prospector while the chattering of two languages added to the commotion of industry. At the completion of their chores the Professor hugged his two open mouthed young friends, shook hands with a confused Mick, then introduced Captain Bronski whose friendly and relaxed manner belied his responsibility for the big black beast that had just landed. This enormous, curve edged, box shaped ship carried a complement of a thousand troops and was armed with twenty laser cannon along with six nuclear shell launchers. It was not encouraged to use the latter other than in space for obvious environmental reasons. The tall athletic aliens greeted people in their usual friendly way by tapping them on their shoulders, which they did with great gusto to the three Prospector crewmen, who returned the greeting in the same way. After a toast to their success, a little alcohol for the humans, a cautious fruit juice for the aliens, the Captain bid them farewell. They felt a hint of emptiness as the friendly beast flew away leaving them to fend for themselves.
As soon as the ship was out of sight, the disturbed three formed a riot line and moved towards the Professor who raised his hands. ‘I will explain all in due course, have no fear, these really are the best commando platoon in the military.’ After resting for a short while it became obvious that the aliens had been relaxing for too long on their week long flight to Cyan. They were now ready for the action that the Professor had promised them. 
‘You don’t look like a commando, or a commander,’ Denton remarked.
The Professor chuckled. ‘Apart from learning a few words in each other’s tongue we have developed our own sign language, otherwise this project would have been too risky. The whole tribe sympathized with our cause. Before I explained the dangers, only about half wanted to come, after I explained the dangers, they all wanted to come. I had trouble picking out twelve crack troops from an army of crack troops.’
‘But how will they fight, if required, against modern weapons and warfare?’
‘That’s exactly the question I asked before I found out that the military could train them in hours. Compared to humans they can run faster, they can hide better and now they can shoot straighter…you don’t look convinced Alan?’
‘What’s their edge?’
‘That Alan, is the most naive question I’ve heard in a long time. They evolved in the jungle, which is exactly where we’re going. They mastered our weapons in hours and can use them if necessary, using their own weapons I feel sorry for their enemies, you’ll see. Their edge as you put it is in their genes, for a start they make humans look stupid. This includes the fact that their animal powers of smell, sight and hearing haven’t evolved out of them yet.’ The Professor paused awhile. ‘Oh yes….they’ve been in a fight before, many times.’
‘But four of them are women!’
‘Brilliant Alan, at least your eyes are working.’
Denton raised his arms in mock surrender. ‘You win again Prof, that’s why you are one.’
‘I blame myself Alan, after all it was I who was your biology lecturer for two weeks.’ The professor changed the subject, ‘I’ve a couple of domestic messages to impart before we get down to business, or should I say intelligence gathering. James, Maria looks forward to seeing you soon, here’s a message from her.’
Tubary’s usually bright demeanour brightened still further.
‘On a more delicate matter, you’ll find our alien friends are at least as advanced as we are in their personal hygiene…they have to be with their sense of smell.’ The other three humans grinned as one. ‘As they agreed, we can name them all Warrior and their leader as Boss, they realize this will allow for our slower rate of cerebral evolution. I will now confirm our aims and plan of operation.’
Denton looked at the Professor intently. ‘Before you do Prof, Tubs and I would like to know exactly how much we were set up in your smuggler hunt, was it about saving aliens? What do we call them as a species anyway? No imaginative answers either.’
The Professor thought deeply for a while. ‘As you have already risked your necks for these aliens and the Military, I will tell you all I know about your involvement…and even more if you wait until this project is over.’ He paused ruefully. ‘I don’t know everything the Admiral is up to…and yes, I like to call all intelligent aliens people, what’s more they like it too.’
Denton looked hard at Tubary, ‘Is that OK Tubs.’ Tubary nodded without changing his expression.
The Professor started what to him must have been the familiar territory of a lecture, except for the addition of signing everything he said for the benefit of the warriors. ‘Remember, amongst all other things, our success will depend on how like an ordinary health party we appear to be. This is a covert operation, we do not want to start a planetary war! We definitely don’t want to drag the military into this unless we have to. Alan has the final say in physical science matters, James is in command of the Prospector, Mick makes the final decision on matters pertaining to the native Cyanese. Should we have to resort to military action of any kind, Boss undoubtedly has command of any such actions.’ The Professor paused to let these last words sink in whilst repeating the signed version. He then continued, ‘I am responsible for, may the gods forbid, any medical matters.’ He smiled wryly before completing this statement, ‘Probably because my intelligence is about the same as the average intelligence of the alien People, I am for my sins in overall command of this project.’ He then went on to complete his lecture.
The holographic charts guided them along the equatorial tropical zone; the colour cyan meeting the lush green of the jungle at the encircling horizon. The break in the wavy green carpet eventually came where it was supposed to at the junction of two large rivers. ‘So Mick, which way now?’ Tubary asked, looking out across the controls through the observation bay.
‘Go north, upriver, that’s where their water is cleanest and their food sources are.’
‘Do they eat humans?’
Mick grinned. ‘Only if barbecued, and of course if a claret is at hand.’ After about half an hour the river narrowed. ‘It’s my guess they like narrow crossings.’
The Professor interrupted, ‘It may please you to know that our friend Boss agrees with your analysis Mick.’
‘Not only that,’ said Denton, ‘the Geiger also agrees with your analysis, it’s just started flashing.’
The Professor leapt to Tubary’s side where all could now see him, he spoke and signed his excitement to everyone. ‘This must be it!’ The Geiger’s excitement also grew as they approached a clearing, the flashing now accompanied by an urgent chirping. 
Boss, now in the observation bay with two warriors spoke and signed back across the bridge. ‘He says there are natives and camouflaged areas down there.’
The humans joined the gallery and stared in disbelief as to what the warriors could see and what they and their high technology couldn’t. Strangely for them all, they now drifted around a while hoping to be caught by natural and technological eyes. They then slinked away from this glare to settle between some trees and await nightfall.
The quick drop of the sun was like a switch going from light to dark, the Prospector with its usual ease lifted off as gently as ever, but this time with its shield on. They flew high, back to the source that had excited the Geiger. Mick made it clear that the Cyan native’s eyes were no better than Human eyes, even so, Denton advised circling the clearing widely; the Prospector then landing on the blind side of a ridge that only the warriors could see on this moonless planet. The Prospector was set in a position which favoured the laser cannon being fired in any direction, should its anger be aroused. 
The warriors pulled the camouflage from the ship’s interior and hurled it up and over as if trying to net some exotic beast. Their athletic shape fit them perfectly for the scampering that followed as they made sure their captive was well and truly bedded down. Thanks to the axis of the planet they still had to wait for the fifteen hour night to yield its scenic treasures to the fifteen hour day. The heat and humidity were as stifling as Earth’s tropics; this slightly smaller planet attracted humans to its cooler regions. The Cyan natives, whether they liked it or not, had been forced into a choice of an equatorial or polar existence, they chose the sun rather than the ice. The Prospector’s shield was left on to the detriment of its sensor units, the choice was for a peaceful night until an eventful day. 

WALK AND TALK IN THE SUN


The four humans were allowed to sleep until woken by the dawn chorus, although not the same orchestra, it was very similar to what could be heard at any of Earth’s venues. The sights and sounds were so familiar that visitors felt quite at home. The humans dressed in khaki coloured cotton shirts, slacks and caps with solid walking boots. The warriors dressed in green coloured cotton shirts and slacks, they had enough hair on their heads to protect them from the Cyanese sun, boots were shunned.
The Professor started, ‘As planned, James and four warriors work from the ship, they have the laser rifles and cannon should we need them. The rest of us walk boldly and of course as innocently as possible towards the clearing, hoping to discover or be discovered. The humans take side arms, appropriate instruments and ship comms only. The warriors take bows, arrows and knife belts, no modern weapons to be smuggled in their quivers! The shield is to be left on now and turned off only when we landlubbers signal.’
The thick jungle required them to form a line, Boss at its head, then two warriors, the Professor, Denton, Mick and finally the five remaining warriors. They started walking steadily along the ridge, then turned down to where the trees thinned out enough to allow them to walk three abreast. Although now soaked in sweat, they kept up their steady pace towards the clearing.
‘Tell me Prof,’ Denton asked, ‘I always thought even a little hair got in the way of sweating, not good for creatures that live in the heat?’
‘I’m glad that’s all you’re worried about Alan, but we have to pass the time somehow. One of  humankinds’ strengths is that they evolved out of their coats, moving faster and farther if required, allowing them to sweat themselves cool when their prey couldn’t; an evolutionary hunting trick you might call it.’
‘So, what evolutionary trick keeps our friends in such a meagre coat?’
‘They exercise their brains, which don’t sweat much, they gather and entrap their food. Remember, they live in a jungle, it’s difficult to run anywhere in a jungle even if they saw any sense in it. As for sweating, they’re not much hairier than we are, their hair has nearly evolved away, they can run and sweat when they need to. Then of course they cheat!’
‘What do you mean they cheat?’
‘Just like humans, they shave parts of their bodies at times.’
‘How do you know that?’
‘I cheated too, I looked closely, it’s called biological research!’
‘Very funny Prof, it’s surprising you didn’t get bopped on the nose.’
‘You mean slapped round the face Alan, it was the four female warriors I studied most.’
‘They’re well worth studying.’
‘Has the heat sparked off your interest in sweat or is there something else you wish to know?’
‘I’m just making sure the twelve of them can run away from a thousand natives if they have to, and yes there is something else.
‘Which is?’
‘I find the alien females attractive, there’re just like humans!’
The Professor chuckled. ‘It’s called sex Alan.’
‘Is it healthy for me to feel so inclined?’
The Professor chuckled again. ‘In my opinion as a biologist, when you gaze as I noticed you often do upon one of those alien females, the differences in the mutuality of your DNA sequences are insignificant, thus it follows that you have yearnings to go beyond a purely intellectual relationship with one or more of them. Put another way, you can blame it on your genes Alan. Does that answer your question?’
‘Once I understand what you’ve just said Prof, it probably will.’
‘I don’t know what the military was thinking when they included four females in our group, we’ll meet mercenaries, and they’ll be healthy too.’
‘Sorry to break up the sex talk,’ interrupted Mick, ‘it’s the Cyan natives that worry me, they’re out of their natural habitat, they’ve had to learn the jungle not evolve in it. I hope they’ve got something going for them!’
‘Well done you two,’ continued the Professor, ‘you’re thinking like warriors!’
‘I hope we humans don’t treat the warriors’ people as we did these natives?’ Denton said, Mick nodded.
‘Yes…so do I,’ the Professor paused for a few seconds, ‘I hope I can say more when all this is over.’ He looked wistfully at each of the young men and then straight ahead. ‘There’s something different this time!’
A couple of hundred metres later, Boss raised his hand, that was the signal that other living beings were in the neighbourhood. The warriors had no problem seeing, hearing or smelling their quarry long before humans could. Boss signed through the Professor. ‘Humans heard at about eight hundred metres and thirty degrees.’ The group aimed themselves at the noise, minus one of the warriors who veered off behind. The tension on the humans’ faces began to show as the gap between the two groups closed. The warriors’ faces showed cool eyes amidst their firmly set faces. It was some relief when Boss raised his hand again and signed. ‘They’ve heard us at last,’ the Professor translated. He then shouted, ‘Is anybody there.’
The short silence was broken by a shouted reply, ‘Stay where you are, we’ll come to you.’
Boss signalled for his warriors to stop, a minute later about twenty scruffy grey uniformed men with caps well over their eyes oozed from the trees, carrying laser rifles across their chests. They closed in on the humans who had placed themselves at the front of the group. ‘Good morning gentlemen,’ a tense Professor started, ‘may I ask who you are?’
‘You first,’ replied a larger swarthy man, ‘and what’s your business here?’
The Professor knew that his opening gambit, more than any other, could ease progress for the rest of their project. He thrust his words at the man, ‘We’re researchers for a health company, checking the containment of radio-activity and of course the health of anybody exposed to it.’ He’d chosen his words carefully, to stir up and measure any nervousness behind the man’s eyes.
‘What makes you think there’s any problem here?’
Denton took the cue to join the contest, his countless business meetings and the man’s eyes told him how to continue. ‘You must have seen us fly over yesterday, our Geiger was chirping!’
The larger man was forced into a defence, ‘Our uranium is well contained.’
‘What about the nuclear waste?’
‘That’s kept in the same place.’
Denton, still probing gently for the man’s threshold, ‘Could’ve been a random trace, but if not!’
‘Radio-activity from uranium could never have reached your ship.’
Denton grinned. ‘You’re going back centuries, we don’t detect radio-activity anymore; we just set our spectrometer to Geiger mode, it chirps out the identification of any frisky elements.’
This obvious leader nodded, then called his surly Lieutenant to heel. At ten metres away, Denton sensed the concern spreading through the guards, but couldn’t hear their whispers.
‘How do we play this?’ started the leader.
‘On the level, if they’re who they say they are, we’ve no problem. We’re a legally set up research lab. If they’re military, they’ll have all the back up they need should we get stroppy!’
‘Right,’ replied the leader, ‘there maybe a military troopship floating around anyway. The checks, will they include full scans?’
‘That’s for sure, we’ve no one with a criminal record…I hope, the checks could include DNA fingerprinting and psychotypes, that’ll tell them not only who we’ve got but the type of people they are!’
‘We can keep the white suits in the lab, use any of the others as scan fodder, will that work?’
‘Should do, lab work doesn’t have to be all brains and no brawn, especially at today’s prices. Best to hide what the lab’s up to.’ 
‘What about hacking into each other?’
‘Too risky, either side could be detected.’
The leader moved towards the Professor, his look slightly softer. ‘What do you need from us?
The three human visitors each felt a glimmer of progress, but were careful not to drop their guard with imprudent cues.
Denton continued, ‘We’d like to run our geiger over your nuclear site, that won’t take long.’ He then nodded to the Professor.
‘The health checks could take longer.’
‘How much time?’ asked the leader.
‘How many of you?’
‘About two hundred guards and a handful of white suits.’
‘I hope that’s all,’ said the Professor doubtfully, ‘if there’re others they could contaminate you, any requiring treatment could be re-contaminated by them!’
The leader paused awhile. ‘How much time for that many?’ he asked incredulously, as if he’d scored a hit on the Professor. 
‘No problem, it doesn’t take long for full scans, including bladders for urine checks.’
‘How do we know you’re on the level? More than once we’ve had industrial spies nosing around using one ruse or another.’
‘Ah, I see, I’ll tell you what we can do, if we find anyone with minor DNA irregularities we can fix them back at our ship. At the same time you can contact whoever you like through our quantum telecoms.’
Denton smiled inwardly, he thought that the Professor had slipped into the language of space quickly, but reminded himself that he was as bright as their warrior friends.
‘Mick butted in, feigning an afterthought, ‘What about the natives? Have you any working for you?’
The dark man’s face hardened. ‘They just cause trouble, that’s what we’ve got rifles for.’
The Professor continued, ‘You have to be careful around the natives, the radioactive contamination clings to their clothes with a vengeance, they’re extremely difficult to clean. Best to keep away from them if you can.’
Denton saw the cold dark eyes underneath the grey peaked cap soften. His thoughts were now of the natives!
‘Just one more question, for now, why didn’t you land in our clearing?’
‘Alan, you’re the pilot…and scientist, answer the man.’
‘I didn’t want our ship fried by your radioactivity. People are easier to clean than spaceships.’
The man relaxed. ‘Where’s your ship now?’
‘Could be checking anywhere.’
‘Come with us, we’ll take you to our HQ.’
‘You have a name?’ asked the Professor.’
‘Check the Federation’s DNA Database if you really need to know, we don’t use names in the security business, but you can call me Chief, I see your names are on your badges.’
The jungle had thinned out by the time the two groups had met, after about another kilometre they walked across the lush turf of the clearing towards three old green carbon buildings. Camouflage netting abounded over an open space as well as these structures, under which were an array of roughly hewn wooden tables and chairs. The visitors sensed that they had won at least the first round of this contest. Their escort was now down to just four guards minus the Chief as they were ushered towards the storage building. They wallowed in the air conditioning, the warriors being kept outside. Denton went about waving his geiger at metal cylinders, the uranium ore being separated from the nuclear waste. After the usual refrain of bleeps and buzzes from his instruments, he went onto scanning the outside of the building, before scanning the separate living quarters. After about an hour he turned to his escorts. ‘Now for the smaller building.’ 
‘Nothing there,’ an anonymous guard snapped.
‘You sure? It’s your neck if there is! Let me at least scan it from the outside, that way you can keep your secrets and your health.’
‘I’ll check,’ he said.
‘Good, I’m done here.’
Back in the open air, the group members were allowed to amble about and were even offered a drink, which was scanned overtly for radioactivity and covertly for genetic mismatching. The female warriors and their bows and arrows attracted most of the attention from the guards. The Chief nodded towards Denton his OK to start scanning the smaller building, which took about fifteen minutes. The Chief then remarked, ‘Let’s start the medicals, I’ve already called the rest of our guards in. The white suits will join us.’ All afternoon, small gangs of men dressed in the same grey garb as each other strolled into the clearing, chatting along an always varying and shaded queue. The Professor waved his scanner to the accompaniment of the usual array of wisecracks, especially about urine, giving as good as he got. Scanning was completed just before nightfall, when Boss started to stare hard at the signing figure in the gloom of the trees. 

AN ARROW SHAFT OF LIGHT


The lit clearing had now degenerated into a beer garden, the first hitch in their project occurred as the alcohol flowed around several heads that couldn’t handle it. Denton could see a crowd forming around the warriors. ‘Mick, the females are rousing the guards.’
Mick grinned. ‘Yes, the guards haven’t got a hope.’ The enormous man little more than caressed his way to the centre of the melee with Denton in his wake.
A handful of them were shouting the odds at the male warriors, who looked confused but unbowed. Denton wanted to draw the guards alcoholic fire, he used his usual light hearted tactic. ‘Gentlemen, gentlemen, surely a mere…’ he looked around, ‘thirty of you aren’t going to take on as many as seven bowmen?’
Although drunk they got the point, one challenged, ‘We’re a match for any alien…or scientist, and we can prove it!’
‘Good, let’s have a fair contest,’ continued Denton, ‘using a laser rifle, who thinks they can outshoot a bowman.’
The crowd quietened. ‘Somebody could get killed,’ one of them shouted.
‘No, we use a tree as a target.’
‘What about you scientists, what’re you going to do?’ another asked.  
Denton puffed up his chest. ‘One of us will fight any four of you…at the same time!’
‘We can guess which one that’ll be,’ a third guard said, stirring the raucous crowd to laughter.
‘Don’t worry,’ said Mick, raising his eyebrows whilst forcing a grin, ‘we scientists will only get involved if you can beat the bowman.’
By this time the Professor and the Chief had been attracted to the melee along with many more guards. Denton went into a huddle with the two leaders, leaving the Chief smiling wryly and the Professor exasperated, who sighed as he reluctantly started to sign with Boss. The warriors chuckled which soothed his impatience.
‘The warriors want to know what any tree has done to deserve such treatment? There is no chance of Mick having to hurt anyone, they know they’re much faster than humans.’
As if the challenge had just sucked the alcohol out of them, the crowd went silent.
The Professor continued, ‘They say, pick a tree, pick a sharpshooter, and then can they have something to eat and drink? They liked the drink they had earlier.’
‘Why not place a bet on it?’ said the Chief, leering at the female warriors, ‘If the bowman wins you all get food and drink, if not, some of us get the pleasure of female company.’
‘I can’t ask them that Chief,’ the Professor snapped.
Before the Chief could continue, Boss signed an answer through the Professor, ‘OK.’
‘I thought they couldn’t speak our language,’ the Chief drooled. 
‘They can’t, they can sense your lust,’ the Professor snapped again. 
A light was shone on a tree about one hundred meters across the clearing. The guards’ champion emerged from the crowd as all eyes followed him, his face showed only determination as he stopped at a mark scratched on the ground. The same eyes now switched to the health group, a warrior moved impassively across the turf to stand at the side of the rifleman. Both stood motionless with their weapons over their shoulders. Two pairs of eyes now stared coldly at a small spot made from removing bark from the tree, now looking white against a greyish brown background. The silence that had swamped the din was broken: Crack, the handgun signalled. The rifleman with one smooth lightning action sprung his arms back and then forwards, the rifle at eye level spat out a laser bolt moving at the speed of light, it smashed into a quivering arrow fletching, exploding it to a shaft of fire. More than two hundred humans gasped at what they thought they’d just seen. As reality sunk in the clearing came alive again.
The rifleman shook his head and moved away as a few approached him, he spoke through them respectfully, ‘That was out of this world, he’s like lightning.’
Denton beamed, ‘She is from out of this world. Go and shake her hand.’
He thought awhile, then ambled over to the warrior and shook hands, he ambled back to Denton. ‘She’s pretty too!’
The Professor joined in. ‘Does that mean that peace has broken out?’ He asked the Chief.
‘That appears to have sobered them up a bit.’
‘It’s fortunate the alcohol was tested after the urine was,’ the Professor joked, glancing at his scanner, ‘otherwise our scanner would have exploded the way that arrow did. Everyone’s in the clear according to our onboard computer, must have been an isolated burst we passed through yesterday, the site’s OK too.’
The Chief ’s usual frown switched to a faint smile.
‘Now, as we’ll be here overnight, perhaps we and our friends could have some food.’
‘I guess I can swing it on the government.’
The group fed well, then started their after dinner conversation. The Professor looked around guardedly. ‘No criminals flagged up, but their psychotypes together with their DNA fingerprints are confusing, no one has a criminal record even though many of them should have! The white suits are unexceptional! Best of all, they are not on the verge of violence! Well Alan, how does it look to you?’
‘Definitely the same ore as on 2374, and some of it’s been processed. At the smaller building, no readings, I can’t tell what they’re up to. They must be extracting uranium, but what for?’ Denton paused. ‘The amounts and building are too small for weapons or fuel, could be experimental or…’
The Professor’s sun burnt face went pale as he interrupted, ‘So your hunch was right Alan! Also the feedback from James’ group, they’ve found about a thousand natives, but no weapons.’
‘You think the weapon is uranium, that’s what they‘re researching?’
‘These days it would be called poisoning, it’s archaic, it could be made to work though, even for epigenetic programming!’
‘But surely there aren’t that many bastards about,’ Denton snarled, ‘there must be more humane as well as efficient ways of committing mass murder.’
Mick joined in, ‘I can talk to the natives, find out what they know, my guess is they’ve fallen out with the guards.’
‘That’s something,’ continued the Professor, ‘we wanted to split them, perhaps I’m being pessimistic, but I would dearly love to know what’s in that building.’
‘Me too Prof,’ added Denton thoughtfully.
‘You have the animal cunning Alan, any ideas?’
‘Animal cunning, that’s it, explain it all to Boss, we have seven of the brightest species in the Galaxy in our midst!’
‘See what I mean, I feel better already,’ said the Professor as he started updating the warriors.
The seven chatted, a nod here, a shake of the head there as calmly as they’d spoken over dinner. After about twenty seconds the chatting paused, seven heads nodded in unison at the Professor. Boss said, ‘Genotypes!’
The humans sat up, startled more by the word than the speech. 
Boss continued in broken speech, ‘Your scanner…what number genotypes?’
‘Two hundred and eleven.’ 
‘Two hundred and seventeen genotypes now!’ stated Boss.
‘Don’t all start counting at once, it’ll show,’ said the Professor as Boss started to sign. ‘Boss says the warriors always glance around when there are diversions, like the ruckus with the guards. They saw six uniforms leave the small building and join those on that table nearest its exit.’ The professor chuckled. ‘He says one of the warriors can scan the table, humans are too clumsy!’
Denton and Mick gulped together. ‘Which university did they frequent?’
The Professor beamed. ‘That’s my handy work, they’ve begged me in the past to explain their behaviour…gene expression and good old choice. We’ll see what they can scan for us!’

A VIEW FROM A HILL


The morning found the group lying on benches in the reception area of the guards living quarters. The warriors had shunned the air conditioning for the comfort of the terrace. The Professor woke up quickly to see a tuft of hair tied to his scanner, he touched both gently and the readout two hundred and seventeen appeared! He looked around to see only Denton’s sleepy dark blue eyes quizzing him. Contact with the onboard computer took but seconds. ‘We’re in business Alan, the six extra…..two physicists…..two biologists…..and two epigeneticists! All well above average intelligence!’
‘Good, now what?’
‘We do what Mick suggested, we need to know if the natives have really fallen out with the guards, and why? What was their part in all this?’
Denton’s eyes narrowed mischievously. ‘Perhaps they’re the masterminds behind this?’
The Professor raised his eyebrows. ‘Not quite, unless somebody has managed to transplant science along with DNA.’
The reception area started to come alive, the group begged yet another meal from their reluctant hosts, after which the Chief escorted them to the terrace. ‘Is that it?’ he asked in his usual surly way.
Mick started, ‘What’s your advice on meeting the natives, you seem to think they’re upset about something, they were always approachable.’
He shrugged. ‘They have their moods.’
‘Do they have their wooden spears with them?’
‘No.’
Boss took up the lead again, they walked from under the relative cool of the camouflage and into the heat and humidity as they merged with the trees. The Professor turned and scanned the guard’s leaders as they concluded their plans. ‘They’re turning to violence. That tells us a whole lot more!’ he lamented.  

The Chief’s Lieutenant sidled up to his master. ‘You primed the natives?’
‘Yes, I told them we’ve a mutual problem.’
‘We can’t risk them getting scanned.’
‘I know, we’ll have to follow the health group as insurance. Get enough men ready.’

They’d been sweating for over an hour when Boss raised his hand, turned and signed in the usual way.
‘We’re being followed,’ the Professor interpreted. ‘Boss says to head for that small wood up the hill…there.’ He then pointed across a sparsely treed large clearing to the copse of interest, about five hundred metres away and up to their right.
Amidst the tension Denton asked, ‘Just as a matter of interest Prof, why not wander into that larger wood?’ He pointed left of their direction of travel to trees only a hundred metres away.
‘Boss anticipated human enquiry, he said that we couldn’t entrap both the guards and the natives if we couldn’t be seen, and that there’s a nicer view from the top of a hill anyway.’
‘Did I hear you right Prof? Ten of us are going to entrap two hundred guards and a thousand natives.’
‘Have faith in us leaders Alan, we don’t want to lose our prey, Boss planned this. As for that particular wood, the real reason may be something to do with the message signalled by our scout several hundred metres back!’
‘Intelligence gathering is certainly a sweating business, except for our friend Mr Tubary who’s flying about somewhere, taking a holiday?’
‘You know we don’t want to scare the natives away, and James has occasionally been woken up by our scout to be given his military orders. It’s called a messenger service Alan, it used to be high technology about a thousand years ago. Does that cool your envy?’
‘Very funny Prof.’ 
‘I hope we don’t become the meat in the sandwich between guards and natives,’ added Mick, ‘I’m the one who has to have a friendly chat with them.’
The top of the hill eventually came, easing out of the trees with complete silence a warrior seemed to materialize. He nodded at Boss who nodded back, they spoke a while before Boss turned to the Professor to sign with his usual confidence what the status was.
‘Mick, first we have to earn the trust of the natives, it’s time for your little chat.’
‘I can’t wait,’ Mick quipped, ‘does anybody know where they are?’
‘Take a look over the northern edge of the hill, that might help.’ 
He dawdled reluctantly to a vantage point, spread out no more than six hundred metres away at the bottom of the hill were a thousand strong crowd without weapons. ‘Suppose they don’t want to talk?’ he asked wryly.
‘Questions, questions, is that all I’m going to get,’ quipped the Professor. ‘Boss said to run back up the hill if that‘s the case, in any event, you’ll have Alan and me with you, and the three of us will have our laser guns.’
‘Terrific, after all it was my bright idea,’ grimaced Mick. 
The three started ambling nervously down the hill, Boss shouted, ‘NO.’ Pointing to the older man. ‘You old, no run.’
‘Ah well, it was worth a try,’ lamented the Professor.
Denton and Mick got to within the shouting as well as the fear threshold of the stationary and inquisitive horde, then stopped and raised their hands, the sign they’d come to talk backed up by the words themself. Partially surrounding them was a curved line three or four deep of hide clad stubble faced natives, about the same size as humans, but slightly thicker set. A lighter form of Tubary thought Denton, while Mick continued his shouted conversation.
‘They say they’ve not been poisoned in any way, they’ve been told by the guards that we’ve come to poison them with our scans, sent by the military. I told them we’ve come to do them medical good, not harm. I even sunk into the murky world of politics, trying to explain to them that the guards wanted them blamed for harming us. They’re now exercising their minds, lets hope all that muscle stays where it is.’
‘Just get ready to run Mick, we can’t stop a thousand of them, even with lasers!’
‘I’m watching for any twitch of their bodies that would tell us to run like hell…it’s looking hopeful…they say we must fight the guards to prove our argument! It would take them too long to call in other tribes!’
Denton showed his usual jaw dropping confusion. ‘That’s hopeful, just to get our scans?’
‘Well at least we’re not running yet.’
‘How many of us do they think there are? What are we supposed to fight them with?’
Mick shouted some more and paused for their reply. ‘They say we can call in the military anytime…I think that’s Cyanese for take it or leave it...I told them we’ll find an answer!’
The two clambered to the top of the hill again, surrounded by an anxious Professor and now twelve warriors. Denton spoke, ‘They don’t trust humans, not even stupid ones!’
‘Alan, we need some more animal cunning if we’re to pull this off!’
‘The crunch is this: If the guards think we haven’t spoken to the natives they’ll want to chase them off. If they think we have spoken to them, we could be in their laser sights!’
‘Why have the guards got so aggressive all of a sudden?’ asked Mick.
‘I guess they’ve started thinking, that’s what brings the thug out of mercenaries,’ replied Denton, only half joking.
The humans and all warriors huddled for a full five minutes before they slowly moved apart. A rueful Professor lamented, ‘Boss is right, that’s the way to try and finish this, and we get our scans.’
Denton walked once again down the hill, this time towards what Boss had signed would be about a hundred and twenty guards. They oozed from the trees to surround him, now made even more impatient by the heat. 
‘Now what?’ rapped the Chief.’
‘Denton returned the impatience, ‘You’ve confused a thousand natives with your lies, we’ve spoken to them, now they don’t trust anybody.’
‘How do we know it’s not just you they don’t trust?’
The replay had started, thought Denton. ‘Why aren’t a thousand spears sticking out of us?’
The Chief was jolted, but still probed, ‘They know you can call the military in!’
‘That’s not what’s stopping them, they could call in other tribes. You’d better hope you’ve enough fire power to fight them all.’
Denton looked hard into the Chief’s mean eyes. ‘Your bluffing,’ the Chief said, ‘what says you could even talk to them.’
‘Come with me and our interpreter, the big man, we can discuss the niceties of a truce. Perhaps that’ll convince you!’
Denton felt he had his man, who growled, ‘There’s no way we can trust the natives…or you.’
Denton’s anger now swamped any nervousness left in him. ‘In that case you could have more tribes to argue with.’ Denton tried to reduce the pressure. ‘As for us, we’re flying out of here.’
As Denton started walking back up the hill, now for the third time, the Chief and his Lieutenant took up their usual plotting stance. ‘We’ve had no telecoms noise to or from their ship, can’t have much to say to each other, must be well out of the area. Get our gunship to chase it off if it shows up.’
‘Are we going to take care of them?’
‘We’ll have to, I don’t think their army of seven bowmen are going to stop us. We stun them, them finish them off with wooden spears, that way the natives get the blame.’
‘What about the women, it’d be a damn shame to waste them.’
‘Well you know the old saying, stun for fun, then decide what you want to do with them afterwards!’ 
‘What about other tribes?’
‘Depends on how many spearmen there are, we also can call in the military if we have to.’

At the hilltop, Denton ruefully asked the question, ‘Can’t we just call the Prospector in, scare the guards away, no one gets hurt!’ 
‘Alan, we’d have to show them what the ship’s laser cannon can do, that’s all they understand. We can’t take the smallest risk of escalating things still further, we’ve no idea what they’ve got in the area anyway.’
‘So, no change of plan Prof, we now have to risk our mighty army of twelve.’

THE HOUR OF THE WARRIOR


About one hundred and twenty guards had checked their weapons and were now moving slowly in single file, like a grey snake, slithering past Denton’s favoured wood up to its prey on the hill. There was only the slight tension of an imminent battle etched on their faces, they knew this was about the killing of only a few humans and seven alien bowmen. The fear of death was well to the back of their minds as they were now asked to earn the high pay demanded by mercenaries; even then the odds had to be highly stacked in their favour. There were twelve warriors, now steely eyed, who had been reared on fighting others within their home jungle for the right to exist. They knew only that they would live or die. Out of the trees twelve arrows flashed and pierced the thigh muscles of the leading guards, spinning and flinging them into contorted screaming heaps on the lush green turf. The others turned with their cracking rifles drowning out the screams as they started to charge the copse. The arrows flew but once, the warriors neatly spaced within the green cover tossed aside their bows and reached again into their quivers to remove laser rifles. Their timing made them as one, thumping laser bolts threw the grey clad bodies to the ground, twelve at a time. The remainder had nowhere else to run but at the spitting greenery, firing blindly. Less than thirty made it, then the occasional crack of a rifle from within the trees soon gave way to silence which heightened the battle field groans.
After a few seconds, ten warriors emerged on their feet supporting two others. Denton and Mick sprung down the hill to the sprawl, Mick quickly scanned the injured warriors before throwing one over each of his shoulders. Denton, always alert, kicked weapons away from any conscious guards. Mick was back at the top of the hill in less than two minutes, placing his charges at the feet of the Professor who got to work with a scanner and injector. As Boss and the other warriors arrived, he collapsed with relief, lowering himself gently to the grass as he sighed, ‘Thanks to the gods, they moved just too fast for laser rifles.’ The Professor stood up again, his eyes now hard, he paused while taking a deep breath. ‘Now we can finish this.’
Four native leaders emerged from the copse, Mick angrily turned on them. He spoke only one short sentence and they replied with a few words and a nod. His exasperation eased. ‘They’ve seen all they needed to see, they’re with us, at least for now,’ is all he growled.
‘Good,’ started the Professor, ‘tell them we need to scan about a hundred of them, it’s for their own good, then tell them to get out of the area as quickly as possible, there are still plenty of guards about and they’ll be mad.’
The hot afternoon sun forced them into the relative comfort of the high wood. The bladder being of no particular interest this time, scanning was completed quickly, mainly because of the lack of urine jokes. There had been the usual banter, this time from the native Cyanese, that Mick was able to riposte on the Professor’s behalf. ‘I’ve finished, tell them they’ve been poisoned, send them back to their own territory and make damn sure they can be found again, they may need treatment. You’d better tell them not to worry?’ The Professor paused and looked skywards, saying and signing, ‘Let’s get off this planet for the night.’
Denton started to reach for his communicator. ‘No Alan, look!’ The warrior scout was signing at an empty sky. A speck grew larger until it became the Prospector.
Denton’s cheery face said it all before his words did, ‘Has Tubs been elevated to the status of a god who sees all?’
The warriors tuned into the humans’ sense of joy that the ordeal was coming to an end. Their faces had given way to their own sense of fun, this time amused by any human puzzled by muscle technology.
‘Now Alan, see if you can work it out, and restore the credibility of the human race.’
After a few seconds furrowing his brow. ‘Tubs has learnt some signing and he’s using my telescope!’
‘Brilliant Alan, it’s also been our normal channel of communication since we landed, James and the other skylarks dreamed it up, think how it fooled the guards! We dared not hack each other, they couldn’t locate us from our telecoms noise and they couldn‘t even see us. Oh yes, in return for this wondrous muscle based technology, James taught them to read the holographic charts, we could also guide them.’
The Prospector gently floated onto nature’s landing pad which spread around the copse. The airlock clunked open to reveal the ever cheerful James Tubary, who then stepped down onto the soft ground to soak in the air and view. All the assembled beings smiled and wondered at his unruffled expression as he waved his hand towards the airlock. ‘Would you dishevelled beings like a lift?’
Denton started, ‘Hello Tubs, sorry to break up your holiday, the Professor looks forward to your inputs, that should take about five seconds!’
‘I did my best Dents, after you stole my crew.’
‘Gentlemen,’ interrupted the Professor, ‘I hate to break up your banter, but please could we get off this planet.’
After Mick had carried the wounded warriors gently to their preferred vantage point in the observation bay, the Prospector took its usual gentle flight towards the Cyan sky. The wounded then got a little excited and waved the rest of the group over. Tubary tapped his friend on the shoulder. ‘Do you see that little buggy down there Dents.’
Denton looked sideways at his friend. ‘I do, where did that come from?’
A grey gunship, slightly smoking, lay amongst some trees. ‘I used your old telescope trick Dents, I could see them, they couldn’t see me. Alas, there is now a hole in their ship where the engine used to be. Care to use the telescope anyone!’
Now in space the humans and warriors relaxed with cold drinks, including what was now becoming the elixir of the gods for the warriors, fruit juice. There was hygiene scanning for some, the females giggled at the joys of using a shower, not even Denton had the nerve to offer them a blow dry. They went on to eat a hearty meal, sharing each others sustenance; throughout this they tried in the usual clumsy way to reach each other, the odd phrase and wayward signings often breaking down into the customary chuckles.
Denton, like his fellow humans, was drawn to the uncomplicated way their alien friends always behaved. Whether it was a matter of life and death as demonstrated in the jungle, or the social niceties of a shared meal, they were always direct in comments that were never warped by human like pretensions. All eight males were roughly the same height and build as Denton, tall and slim, but their chests were a little larger. The females were about twenty five centimetres shorter, the same athletic chests made it difficult for them to hide their gender, even if they saw any point in doing so. Their skin and its tone were indistinguishable from slightly tanned human skin. There was a meagre covering of fair hair below their necklines, which the Professor observed had nearly evolved away. All their faces were clear of hair and both sexes didn’t need to succumb to the ritual of daily shaving. Their eyes were mainly lighter coloured and set above higher cheekbones, the males had a harder look than their females. For both sexes there were various shades of a mop of brown hair on their heads that could be mistaken for the creativity of any expensive salon back on Earth. The Prospector four had to admit through their more furtive whisperings: that the statuesque females along with their pretty faces and expressive eyes placed the humans in the heavens in reality as well as metaphorically. Denton’s mind boggled at the thought of dating such extra terrestrial goddesses, about this subject he’d chosen to do no more than wonder.
When every beings grey cells had been reinvigorated, the Professor sat up and started signing as he spoke. ‘Right, let’s see what we’ve got for the Admiral.’ The onboard computer was caressed into life. ‘The natives’ DNA shows no sign of damage, the traces of uranium detected were targeted at particular DNA sequences in their brains. My problem is: there’s only a native genome on record. I’ve no way of telling what behaviour is being modified.’ The Professor sighed, ‘Our work’s not done yet, we need to find some natives who haven’t been poisoned, for comparison. I don’t even know how they got the damn stuff into them!’
‘What’s the problem with the genetics analyzer, it does include interspecific analysis,’ Denton dared ask.
The Professor approved the question. It’s not only about finding which of their genes have been switched on or off, but of comparing the potency of their gene expressions.’ 
Denton added, ‘As there are only traces used per native, thousands could have been poisoned, they may be poisoning a thousand at a time!’ 
The Professor grimaced. ‘That’s what we feared, taking a broader view it makes more sense and is more ambitious. It could mean an army of any size is being built! And worst of all it appears that they’re being epigenetically programmed, to do anything to anyone…and at any time!’

JUNGLE RETREAT


‘How the hell do we talk our way out of that?’ snarled the Chief at his twenty section leaders.
‘His Lieutenant volunteered his usual calm reflection. ‘We underplay it, say it was just a skirmish, it’s our word against anybody else’s. Thank the gods they only stunned us, that also backs a skirmish story.’
‘What about any scans they may have got?’
‘Nothing to do with us, we’re not the scientists that poisoned the natives.’
The Chief thought awhile. ‘Sounds promising, we need to let the Government know they need to keep prying eyes away. It looks more convincing if we grumble now and then.’
One of the section leaders chipped in, ‘More to the point, why did that group have such fighters with them, were they expecting trouble? And they could use modern weapons!’
All started their offerings, ‘Probably like us they needed protection, we knew how damn fast they were, but that was ridiculous.’
‘We were just ambushed, that’s all,’ came the inevitable words of excuse.
‘How do we know they weren’t military?’
‘What, with bows and arrows; the military are the Government’s problem anyway.’
‘Who shot the gunship down?’
‘Their ship wouldn’t have had a cannon.’
‘Could laser rifles have done it?’
‘They must have.’
The Chief looked around for any other inputs. ‘Don’t forget that all over this planet the natives are getting stroppy, we have to keep the peace with the right tribes, and whoever leads them.’
 
Forty seven tribal leaders, whose warriors made up the security forces, had converged on the jungle lodge that was to become the cauldron of their discontent. Called together by the ten security leaders and in the heart of the jungle, they would now discuss the way forward for these security forces. Roughly built tables and chairs were spread around the single hall into a larger square rectangular formation, to allow an all round view. Elena was now trusted enough to be allowed to join these people who had all been born and bred in their beloved jungle. The spokesman for these tribes stood up to state what their case was, he was older than most but still muscular, his long black hair hung over his shoulders. He was dressed in the common short sleeved and short legged hides of the tropical jungle dwellers; differing only by length and layers from those who were allowed to inhabit the temperate zones.
‘It is getting more difficult to calm our people, every day that goes by angers us more. We want our freedom, not Government talk. Now is the time for you, our leaders, to take control of the planet; with two hundred thousand trained warriors following you the Government should go without a fight.’ There were the inevitable murmurs of boldness from the other forty six.
Carlton was now the voice of the ten, he chose simple language. ‘We keep telling you, the Cyan Government can call in help at anytime from the Galactic Federation; you’ve seen that thing flying about your skies; it could destroy thousands of you in a few heartbeats.’ There was silence.
The spokesman responded, ‘We could trick it to the ground and capture it, then destroy it!’ Murmurs were quieter this time.
‘But there are many more of them, you could not fight them all, they talk to each other through the skies.’ The spokesman looked unconvinced, Carlton tried again. ‘There is much talking on another world that could lead to a change of law, giving you freedom.’
Another tribal leader joined the fray. ‘More talk, nothing but talk!’ The murmur volume was now at its highest.
Carlton was interrupted by Elena, ‘Let me try?’ He shrugged his shoulders. ‘I have heard rumours that the Military on this other world are investigating how the Cyan Government behaves. If it is doing wrong the Senator and his people could be changed without a vote.’ Elena’s eyes scanned the tribal leaders and rested her gaze longer on the few female warrior leaders making up the forty seven. ‘You could have a new and better Government soon.’
‘We cannot wait any longer,’ the spokesman said with a hint of anger in his voice.
The ten mingled, ate and drank with the forty seven in a last desperate attempt to keep them on the path of peace. After which Carlton had to concede he could only play for time; they took to their seats again.
‘We will put together a plan to get your people what they want, our next meeting will be the last one before we act, is that acceptable?’
The forty seven spoke for just a few minutes before they said, ‘Yes.’

The ten and Elena were now left alone to ponder not only the fate of Cyan, but their own fate.
Carlton mused, ‘Ironic is it not? The warrior is still able to shape life on this planet just by expressing their discontent.’
A middle aged man, tanned, lean and darker haired than the others started to talk. ‘What are the chances of a law change coming in time to stop a blood bath?’
Another man replied, ‘There’s more talk of late, if it does come we could become redundant on Cyan, we lose or we lose!’
‘Elena,’ asked Carlton, ‘how long before the law could dislodge Senator Goring?’
She grimaced. ‘Progress is slow, I’m gradually breaking out of my role as entertainment, including spying on you, I can’t risk moving any faster. With politics it would mean changing one moron for another; here again it would mean we lose or we lose!’
‘We need to start making more immediate plans, blood bath or not, Goring or not.’
The other nine men and Elena all nodded or stated their agreement. Carlton now assumed his position as chairman with the intent of thrashing out a way forward for the ten.
‘We now need to discuss what our future involvement will be; in particular we need to expand on any positives that could result from a law change. It could mean our position actually improves!’
Most of the others sat up.
Carlton stated, ‘All natives would be allowed to vote and stand in Cyanese elections, we could take control of this planet legally.’
‘One of us would become another Goring you mean?’ asked one of the ten.
‘Politics is about illogic, not logic, we can teach the native Cyanese these new ways!’ added another.
Carlton continued with enthusiasm, ‘We are better at war, business and when we have to be…entertainment.’ He exchanged smiles with Elena. ‘We could beat them at politics as well.’
‘How do we get voters to switch their allegiance to us?’ several asked at once.
Elena joined in, ‘No one would have to know our origins, I was plucked from the jungle like many natives who have become accepted in Cyanese society. The irony is I’m not even from this planet, genetics records don’t have to be open to the public.’
One of them prodded, ‘There’s still the question of if and when there’s a law change? We haven’t got limitless time!’
The large jungle lodge continued to shelter them from the tropical sun, after another couple of hours the heat of debate cooled to a resolution.
Carlton called everyone to order. ‘The proposition is that we present a political solution to the security forces at the next tribal meeting. Whether they accept it or not is up to them, that way it looks like we’re still interested in them. Whatever their choice, we thank them for their past support and make our exit from Cyanese society, explaining our preference for going back to the jungle. We do all this of course behind the veil of political sincerity, perhaps Elena would be better at delivering such a poignant farewell. All those in favour please raise their hand …that’s eleven for, none against, proposition passed.’
There were the mutterings of satisfaction that the route to their future had been cleared.

A FOREST OF SPEARS   


‘Natives detected,’ Tubary remarked from the bridge, ‘a large number along the river.’
There was the usual rush to the observation bay as it lifted them over the greenery. ‘We’ll have to meet them head on, making damn sure we stay inside the Prospector,’ said Tubary, advising his favoured direct approach. 
The ship settled slowly on the ground to block the way of twenty thousand natives, spread out and ambling towards the lab. Their spears strapped to their backs increased their heights by a metre. The airlock ramp touched the ground, nobody walked out as the native leaders walked slowly to the Prospector. Twenty thousand spears followed and formed a forest around the ship.
‘Somebody keep their hand close to the airlock control,’ warned Denton.
Mick recognised the leaders and started talking, they spoke back calmly. ‘They’ve joined forces with one of the tribes who’ve had their women taken, their poisoning hasn’t had any effect yet, they’ve no interest in scans. The main problem is that they aren’t convinced of our honourable intentions.’
‘Don’t they trust us?’ asked the Professor.
Mick asked the leaders to join them on board, fruit juice included, they declined the invitation. He then sighed in exasperation and marched down the ramp to hold the talker gently by his shoulders. He towered over him and spoke for several minutes. ‘He says we cheated them once when we didn’t kill their enemies, and asks why should they trust us now?’
‘Plead with them Mick, tell them that many humans have always fought for them, and that some of us don’t kill people unless we have to.’ The Professor on completing his plea joined Mick at the base of the ramp, his eyes desperate.
‘Do they trust anybody,’ asked Denton, ‘we can bring them here if they do!’
‘No,’ said Mick.
‘Their women, Maria bought some of them from the smugglers, the Military flew them back here, surely that’ll convince them?’
Through Mick and the Leader, Denton’s advice was shouted to the army, there was silence for a few moments; then one by one a hide clad warrior came forward to speak his piece. The Leader eventually turned to Mick, nodding while he spoke.
‘Thank the gods,’ sighed Mick, raising his hands, ‘a breakthrough.’
A hundred brain scans from the non-poisoned natives were added to those who’d been poisoned. The Professor passed glasses of fruit juice to the leaders at the end of their mutual labours, having made a show of tasting it first. He advised those who’d been poisoned to wait for their comparisons, should they need treatment. Most of the army drifted back to their home, softened by the human’s concern for their species, to leave a thousand of their own to await their bio-chemical fate.
It took quite a few seconds for their chemistry to be sequenced and sorted into genotypes, epigenotypes and psychotypes, then both sets were compared by the voracious on board computer. ‘At last, I’ve always wanted to use an interspecific analyzer, let’s see what it’s done for us,’ said the Professor with boyish enthusiasm.
All four humans huddled around the square metre sized vertical screen, the warriors looked on from across the controls. Only an academic could decipher the jargon that had been coaxed out of the computer. He stared awhile before speaking, ‘This doesn’t make sense!’
‘What? Have you forgotten your biology?’ Denton quipped.
‘It’s times like this I wish I had, the poisoning was ineffective.’
‘What about future effects?’
‘Same thing, they’ve hit insignificant genes, and the nuclear doses have had a neutral effect anyway.’
‘Perhaps they too have forgotten their biology.’ Tubary added.
They all looked at the Professor, then his eyes twinkled. ‘My knowledge of the archaic science of radiology is sketchy, but this could be target practice? No harm done by weak doses, whether they hit or miss? Aiming stronger doses at significant genes to effect particular gene expression comes later?’
‘Is that usual,’ asked Mick.
‘No, but legally they’re targeting animal genes, which is exactly what the native Cyanese are classified as!’
‘Just supposing,’ mused Denton, ‘it was target practise for treating so called higher animals?’
‘I hope not Alan, but your animal cunning is worth checking.’
A few icons were touched, the Professor sighed. ‘Those gene targets don’t match any significant human genes either!’
Denton’s face started to crease. ‘Our warriors Prof, I remember the guards calling them aliens before any of us did, they seem to know they were another species! Have you got their genetics on file?’
‘Anything to keep you quiet Alan.’ Several touched icons later. ‘By the gods! The match is perfect for Boss’s people!’ The Professor’s face paled as he looked at the warriors while speaking and signing. ‘Somebody plans to target some of your DNA sequences, the genes that transcribe DNA to the RNA that regulates your higher thought processes; particularly the RNA that has been edited with inosine. 
‘Not very pleasant!’ Tubary stated wryly.
‘Alan’s guess looks right James, and they’ve used radioactive doses to test their targeting as well as do the damage, now they’ll program hell into their prey. Once they’ve found a way to effect mass poisoning, they‘ll have an epigenetic terror weapon...at least, that’s my theory! What I don’t know is how the hell they knew which DNA sequences to target, they couldn’t have had an interspecific analyser!’
The sixteen sat in silence for a few seconds, they all looked towards the warriors.
‘Who hates your people so much Boss?’ Mick lamented, turning to the Professor to sign.
As one, all the warriors spoke for a few seconds with a hint of excitement. Boss spoke calmly, ‘You may rest your arms Professor, I think we have learnt your language now.’ We are one step closer to completing our search, we have thwarted our greatest enemy, some of our own people.’
The human’s faces showed their collective disbelief.
‘Like on your planets, we have DNA irregularities that are harmful. Some time ago our criminals started escaping on your ships. Most were brought back with the help of your military. Cyan was the closest planet in distance and type to our own, our criminals thrived amongst humans. They had even taken control of that Cyan Government Laboratory, without the authorities knowing it.’ Boss paused awhile, staring at his human friends. ‘Thanks to you we now know what their next crime is going to be, and how they intend to commit it. They want to control our people through their minds. Your epigenetics evidence is the closing proof that such a crime is in progress.’
‘Boss,’ asked Mick, ‘how can you be so sure about your own people?’
‘Many scents at the laboratory included theirs.’
‘Scents…you mean you scented like animals do?’ asked Tubary.
‘Yes, eleven of our people have been there recently. Our warrior also scanned those scents when he scanned the scientists table.’
‘Who needs scans?’ quipped Denton.
This time the Professor urgently slapped the computer into releasing yet another analysis. ‘Technology is keeping up with nostrils! Eleven alien people confirmed. Look at those readings Alan, they’ve all had the same DNA sequences flagged up as epigenetically hazardous; the same sequences they’re targeting in their own people. They want to get others to think like they do. That’s how they knew which genes they were targeting, they had themselves as a genetic blueprint!’
‘Professor, is this when epigenetic coding is made to override DNA coding?’ asked Boss.
‘Yes, but evolution invented epigenetic programming, it’s been fighting for its genetic expression for…a long time!’
 ‘Could a science as crude as radiology be subtle enough to work on particular molecules without damaging them? Asked Denton.
 The Professor mused awhile. ‘I don’t know Alan, that’s what’s confusing about this; unless your animal cunning can enlighten me?’
They all looked at Denton., whose face turned into his usual wry smile. ‘Cunning scientists, it was not whether or not those six at the lab could get their epigenetic programming to work; it was whether or not their criminal masters thought it would work. After all, the six scientists still have their brains, and their pay cheques,’
The Professor beamed. ‘They sound as devious as you are!’
‘Do you think a dose of uranium would do us humans some good Prof?’     
 ‘Personally, I wouldn’t risk it, but with some of us we wouldn’t have anything to lose.’
‘So, we humans have to stay comparably stupid!’
‘An extremely accurate deduction Alan, take a look at these comparisons.’ The Professor played his usual tune on the even more excited computer. Screened data tables covering all five known intelligent species in the Galaxy formed to unfold its hieroglyphics, which some call cell chemistry! ‘Now, which species has the least inosine in their brains, that’s the right hand column, headed I.’
Nobody said a word!
Mick changed the subject, ‘Boss, is this what made you join us?’
‘Your military needed experienced jungle fighters,’ he then released a faint smile, ‘your people sweat too much, and we needed to investigate Cyan.’
‘All we have to do now is find Boss’s renegades!’ Denton stated wryly.
An encrypted quantum report was answered promptly. Tubary read it out loud, ‘It’s essential you do not pursue these aliens, your mission is complete, return to base. Repeat…your mission is complete, return to base!’
The exasperation of the sixteen was softened only by the sight of a thousand happy natives wandering back into their own primitive world.
   

THE END OF THE BEGINNING


‘Well Prof,’ started Denton, ‘as you promised, how often have our strings been pulled?’
The Professor gave his usual twinkly eyed smile, now relaxing on the week long trip back to Earth. ‘I’ll do my best Alan, but as I’m only a human, that could confuse you even more! The Professor then signed his intent to the warriors, just to be sure they understood.
‘About eight months ago I was consulted, not summoned, by the military regarding an alien brain scan. That was because, previous to this, aliens from some planets were never proclaimed as intelligent life. This was counter to what military patrols were finding out, they had even communicated with them through signing and simple language. When an alien scan was collected it was routinely classified as being from ape equivalents. Humans being what they are, the present law emerged which stated that no other creatures could be classified as intelligent unless they had genomes, epigenomes and even RNA indistinguishable from human genetics, the law stopped at that. Nothing more than alien genomes were recorded!’ The Professor paused and looked at everyone. ‘Then a planet out on the end of the Orion Arm, dismissively named as Planet AO2374 was discovered. The first military patrols to land there could hardly wait to get alien scans back to Earth, hence my involvement. Not only was I asked to check these scans, but was also asked to monitor the Federation’s DNA Database. You know the rest regarding my life of crime; we had to ensure I got convicted for something so I was able to work from the Penal Colony, you’d be surprised at how many times I escaped to 2374 to help the military. As for Admiral Maltravers, he persuaded me into service as he did you.’
‘Persuaded, that’s a new word for it,’ quipped Denton.
‘What I’ll say in his defence is: that any of us could have ducked out at any time.’
‘He’s not from 2374 himself is he?’ asked Tubary.
His question was met with an array of smiles and shaking heads from the engrossed warriors.
‘The military along with myself have been working with Boss’s people for some time. We had a mutual interest, alien rights. As for you Alan, we had to make sure you were in the right place to be recruited.’
‘You mean that damn box trick of yours.’
‘That’s right, we had to get you to collect an empty box from 2374, just so we could scan you.’
‘Why so urgent?’
‘We were getting reports that looked like epigenetic programming was beginning to rear its horrendous head. I quantummed your scan to the Admiral, and let him do the rest.’ 
 ‘You sure didn’t take any risks, why did you impound our ship?’
‘Risks again, that’s because you were so close to the right place, if you get my meaning!’
‘How did you know we could handle it.’
The Professor smiled, just short of chuckling. ‘Your scan, your curiosity in particular! And of course references from Boss’s people.’
‘What?’
‘You know how the military can get to know us better than our mothers do, from our most personal of assets, our genes. As for Boss’s people, they must have seen something in your eyes Alan.’ There was another burst of smiles and this time nodding from the warriors.
‘What about the smugglers scans? They would have shown intent and ability to blow us out of the heavens!’
‘That’s the cunning part Alan, I’d already taken the smugglers scans from the mine before I scanned you. That way we could tell who was the favourite, if you met them in a fight.’
Denton looked hard at the Professor. ‘By the gods!’ 
Denton and Tubary glanced at each other.’
The Professor looked seriously at Tubary. ‘Maria knew nothing of the smuggler hunt, she thought I was making one of my routine escapes.’ He moved his look to Denton. ‘I would quite understand if you were both mad at the military and me in particular.’ The sense of the moment was not lost on Mick or the warriors who shared the silence.
Tubary lifted his arms, looked at Denton, then back to the Professor. ‘He’s right, not even Maria believed a couple of college boys were being set up to rid the Galaxy of smugglers.’
The Professor continued, ‘We knew that once you got past those butchers, this latest escapade would be a walk in the woods.’ He grinned. ‘Which is what it was!’
‘You’re not telling us that the smuggler hunt was just part of a recruitment drive?’ Denton asked with his usual wry expression.
The Professor hesitated. ‘Let’s just say it qualified you for greater things! It was your guess that uranium linked  AO2374 and Cyan. Then all we had to do was follow the radioactive trail to its epigenetic end.’ 
Denton sighed. ‘We’ll take that as a yes.’ Then continued, ‘Just for our dangerous curiosities Prof, what else is going on? A view from you and the People would be most appreciated. We may even forgive you.’
‘As I see it the Admiral’s working at a number of levels, I can’t read him, which is probably why he’s Head of Intelligence. He’s got to close the net on the bastards behind Cyan’s problems. One chink in his black uniform is that he appears to want intelligent aliens recognized as such.’
‘Why a chink?’
‘He has the Senate refusing to acknowledge the existence of intelligent aliens!’
‘Is he ramming the genetics evidence from 2374 down the Senator’s throats?’
‘I don’t think so, he’s trying something different this time.’
‘Any idea what?’
‘No, have you got any idea Boss?’
Boss and all the warriors shook their heads.
‘As for Cyan, only the gods know what else can happen there!’ lamented the Professor.
Denton sighed again. ‘That last quantum was about moving from genetics to politics!’ 
