




RETURN TO MECH CITY

Book 1, Robot Horizon series

by Brian Bakos


Copyright 2009 Brian Bakos
Smashwords Edition



Other Titles by Brian Bakos

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
Prelude: How it Was
Part One: The Prodigal Returns
Part Two: Big Changes for Mech City
Part Three: Commencement of the Quest
Part Four: At the Imperial Court
Part Five: The Counter Coup
Reading Group Guide
Next Book in the Series
Connect with the Author


Prelude: How It Was


Visit from Professor Syms
Winston was so absorbed in the humans’ conversation that he did not notice his power supply running down. His internal monitor displayed a low-energy alert, but it did not register in his conscious brain. 
Extraordinary, he thought, they speak of the end times as if it were a mere philosophical abstraction!
He could no longer move or talk, but he could still observe the two humans sitting across from each other in the living room with alcohol beverages in their hands.
“You can’t be serious, Anna,” Professor Syms was saying. “With things the way they are, you still plan to traipse around the country studying religious cults?”
Syms placed an arm over the sofa back. His tweed jacket draped open revealing his Che Guevara T-shirt and an automatic pistol holstered under his arm pit.
“And why shouldn’t I ‘traipse around the country,’ as you put it?” Dr. Horvath said.
Little Charles, bored from being cooped up indoors, couldn’t have cared less what the adults were saying – and he’d seen so many guns before that he scarcely noticed them anymore. He did notice the robot’s predicament, though.
“Don’t worry, Uncle Winston,” he said, “I’ll switch your power cell for you.”
Winston managed a slight smile, though he lacked the energy to turn his head toward the boy. 
Professor Syms was talking again: 
“Didn’t all those cults invent phony ‘end of the world’ scenarios to keep their members in line?” he said. “I mean, with the real thing staring us in the face, what’s the point anymore?”
“I’ll have to disagree with you on that,” Dr. Horvath said. “You always were something of a pessimist.”
She cast a worried glance toward Charles who had opened Winston’s abdominal compartment and was pulling out the spent power cell. Her facial expression conveyed relief that the little boy had not been listening to Syms’s dire remark.
Professor Syms shrugged and quaffed his drink. 
“Ah, hope springs eternal,” he said. “And I always thought you East Europeans were the natural pessimists.”
“Can I refresh your drink, Conrad?” Dr. Horvath said, rather stiffly.
“No thanks,” Syms replied, “I’ve got a departmental dinner to attend. A ‘socialist supper’ as you call it.”
They made an interesting pair, Winston thought. The Master – Dr. Anna Horvath – tall, gray-haired and rather severe with her old-fashioned eye glasses perched on her nose. Professor Conrad Syms, around 40 with a slight paunch and dark, probably dyed, coiffure. The Master spoke with a cultured Hungarian accent, Professor Syms’s accent bore a thin veneer of affected British Isle.
Charles completed the power cell switch and Winston surged into full active mode. 
“Thank you, Charles,” he said.
“Sure thing, Uncle Winston,” Charles said.
Professor Syms looked toward the corner desk where Winston was sitting.
“Our robotic friend is back online!” he exclaimed.
He turned toward Dr. Horvath. “You really ought to reconsider my ‘Walking Library of Alexandria’ project, Anna.”
“Not that again,” Dr. Horvath said.
“Your robot already has the necessary intelligence,” Syms replied, “it’s just a matter of augmenting its memory capacity and uploading the files.”
“Beginning with the complete works of Marx and Lenin, I suppose?” Dr. Horvath said.
“Well ... that, too,” Syms said.
Dr. Horvath made a dismissive gesture with one, long-fingered hand. She looked toward Winston.
“Do a power cell change before you absolutely need it,” she scolded. “These forced inactivations don’t help your programming any.”
“Of course, Master,” Winston said. “I shall be more careful in future.”
“I’ll watch out for you, Uncle Winston,” Charles said.
Syms stood up and adjusted his jacket, the pistol disappeared from view again. 
“Let me know if you change your mind, Anna,” he said. “Winston is an amazing piece of technology, it’s a shame not to develop its full potential. I’m certain we could get University funding.”
“Thank you, Conrad,” Dr. Horvath said, “I’ll take it under consideration.”
Syms replied with an amused, unconvinced nod.
“Well, I’ve got to go,” he said. “Thanks for the drink.”
He and Dr. Horvath left through the front door, followed by Charles. Winston stood and watched them go.
“War and rumors of war,” he muttered.
Charles soon returned and ran across the room, leaping into Winston’s arms.
“Let’s play rocket ship!” he cried.
“Very well, Charles.”
Winston spun Charles around, lifting him up toward the ceiling then back down. Winston’s movements were rather slow and awkward, not up to human standards, but Charles giggled with delight.
Dr. Horvath returned to the living room and, with a single disapproving glance, ended the fun. Winston set Charles down on his feet. 
“Aw, we were just playing, Auntie,” Charles protested.
Dr. Horvath moved to the picture window and gazed out at Dr. Syms entering his car.
“I like Conrad,” she said, “but he can be such a left wing gas bag sometimes.”
“That term is not in my dictionary,” Winston said. “How is ‘left wing gas bag’ defined?”
Dr. Horvath gave Winston an indulgent gaze over her eyeglasses, she looked back outside.
“See that fancy car he’s got?” she said. “Right, socialism – for everybody else.”
She turned toward Winston.
“My people know how that works,” she said. “Forty five years of communist rule, and before that the stinking fascists. Why – ”
A huge explosion shook the house. 
Flying debris struck the window, shattering its erstwhile “bullet proof” pane. Everyone hit the floor. Dr. Horvath pressed herself against the wall, Winston shielded Charles with his body.
Stunned moments passed. Winston’s auditory circuits whined, his pressure sensors registered several bits of plasti-glass embedded in his exterior surfaces. Brutal reality began to fill the void.
“Are you hurt, Charles?” the Master finally said, fear quavering in her voice.
“I’m OK, Auntie,” Charles said.
“Winston?”
“I seem to have evaded major damage,” Winston said. 
He rolled away from Charles and helped the little boy up.
“You are also well, Master?” Winston inquired.
Dr. Horvath regained her feet and brushed herself off. Her quaint eyeglasses had somehow remained perched on her nose, though the lenses were coated with plaster dust.
“Yes, I’m quite well,” she said, “thank you.”
Approaching sirens wailed through the demolished window. Dr. Horvath strode to the front door and exited. As always, Winston was impressed by her decisiveness under pressure.
“Come on, Uncle Winston, I want to see,” Charles said.
“We should stay in here – ”
But the little boy was already gone. Winston followed him out to the porch. 
The smoking ruin of Professor Syms’s car sprawled in front of the house like some massacred beast. The police sirens were closer now, and a crowd was starting to gather. A terrible smell of destruction polluted the air.
“We need to get away for a while,” Dr. Horvath said.


The Rush of Life
Winston’s mechanical feet could not handle the slippery rocks very well, and he started to go down. Dr. Horvath seized his arm.
“Be careful, Winston!” she said. “You’re too expensive to get busted up here.”
“Yes, Master,” Winston replied.
“And drop the ‘master’ routine, already,” Dr. Horvath said. “It makes me feel like an old lady. God knows, I’m almost there as it is.”
“Yes, Ma ... ‘am,” Winston said.
They approached the base of a narrow waterfall cascading down a cliff from the lush forest above. Temperature sensors on Winston’s face detected coolness where water drops struck. A low, melodious roar filled his auditory units.
“The rush of life!” Dr. Horvath said above the roar. “I wanted you to experience it while it’s still here.”
“It’s lovely,” Winston said, “truly inspiring.”
“Are those just words from your dictionary, Winston, or do you really feel something?”
“I think ... perhaps ...”
“Pow-pa-pa-pa-pow!”
Charles ran up, pointing a stick at Winston, machine gun style.
“Teach me more about World War Two, Uncle Winston,” he said.
“Certainly, Charles,” Winston said, “as soon as we get back to the hotel.”
A burst of real gunfire sounded in the woods above. 
“Stay close Charles!” Dr. Horvath cried.
She whipped a machine pistol out of her bag and cocked it expertly. She scanned the woods, then looked toward Winston. 
“It’s happening everywhere now,” she said. “Let’s go.”
They departed quickly. Winston swiveled his head 180 degrees to kept watch behind them while Dr. Horvath held his arm to guide his steps. 
After several minutes of rapid walking, the roar of the waterfall faded into the distance; the danger seemed to lessen with it. Winston ventured a change of subject.
“How was the site visit today?” he asked.
“The usual religious addicts,” Dr. Horvath said, “you didn’t miss anything.”
Winston detected a tone of bitterness in the master’s voice that he’d never heard before, but he did not comment upon it. He swiveled his head back to standard position.
“It was more important that I stay with Charles,” he said. “The hotel guards require observation.”
“Yes, good security is getting hard to find,” Dr. Horvath said.
They walked in silence for some further minutes. Winston sensed that the master wished to say something more, but he knew better than to prompt her. 
Finally, as they exited the nature trail, Dr. Horvath spoke.
“I wonder if I’ve wasted my time doing these cult researches,” she said. “A lot of people are asking themselves similar questions these days.”
“Your studies will certainly prove significant – even in ways which are not readily apparent,” Winston said.
Dr. Horvath sighed. “I kept hoping that reason could shed some light onto these “messiah” psychopaths. They’ve caused so much harm throughout history! If I could just expose them for what they are, I thought, people would wise up ... but I haven’t accomplished a damn thing!”
“Perhaps you are being too hard on yourself,” Winston said. “Such a task seems beyond the resources of any one individual.”
“It’s like David against Goliath,” Dr. Horvath said, “but all I’ve got is a cream puff to throw at him.”
She stopped walking abruptly.
“You don’t suppose I’m regarding myself as some sort of half-baked messiah, do you?” she said. “As if I’ve got this ‘holy mission’ to save people from themselves?”
Winston smiled politely and did not offer a reply. Dr. Horvath barked a sarcastic laugh. She resumed walking. 
“That would explain a lot of things wouldn’t it?” she said
“Yes,” Winston said, “but such a theoretical framework would surely leave many other questions unanswered. Perhaps, over time, you can decide on a more comprehensive explanation for your activities.”
“Ah, Winston,” Dr. Horvath said, “you have such a way with words.”
She looked down at Charles, who was busy with his machine gun stick.
“I have decided on one thing already,” she said in a lowered voice.
“What’s that?” Winston said.
“Conrad was right. It’s time we started filling up your memory banks.”
They turned up a paved walk to the hotel – the tall, gray-haired woman; the 7-year-old boy; and the blue Humanite robot the dimensions of an average human male.


Part One: The Prodigal Returns


1: Silent Morning
Several months passed before death entered the house. 
The Intuitive certainty of its presence jolted Winston out of inactive mode and sent him tumbling off his sofa. He scrambled to his feet and wrenched open his bedroom door, nearly tearing it off the hinges. 
Then he froze. 
The door across from his stood white and blank, like a marble tombstone ready for the chisel. A muffled ticking penetrated it from inside the Master’s chamber. 
Winston dared not approach. 
Instead, he rotated his body ninety degrees left and began creeping down the hallway – along the thick carpet, past the staircase and the humans’ bathroom – heading for the chamber with the Gorzo the Adventure Robot poster taped on its door. 
Never had the walk been this long. The carpet seemed to grip his feet, trying to hold him back. 
“Don’t go, Winston ...” it pleaded. 
He gripped the banister and pulled himself along, one hesitant pace after another. Finally, he reached the bedroom at the far end of the corridor. He peered inside. 
Little Charles lay on his bed – inert, unbreathing. His skin displayed the blotchy greenish cast of a plague victim. Winston struggled to process the terrible new data. 
“Charles?” he said at minimum volume.
He shuffled to the bed and poked the child. No reaction. The body was cold. Biological life had undeniably terminated. 
Chaos shot through every circuit like an electrical storm. Winston’s whole mechanism began to shake violently. He barely managed to exit the death chamber when all of his systems crashed. He pitched forward, striking his face on the banister ... 
He lay still on the thick carpet for an undetermined period.
When consciousness returned, a damage report displayed on his internal monitor:  
olfactory unit – negative function / left optical sensor – 2 degree displacement.
He managed to rise and close the door to Charles’ room.
“Farewell, young master,” he said.
A flood of religious data gushed from his library banks: continued life after biological death ... salvation for the immortal soul ... heaven ... unity with the great human god ... Anything to fend off a return of the lethal shakes.
Then back toward the tombstone door. He must discover what lay behind it, but with every step the corridor appeared to lengthen until his goal was receding down an infinite tunnel. 
Winston closed his eyes and continued onward, running his hand along the wall. His pressure / temp sensors gauged the warmth of wooden paneling, then the cool gap of the bathroom entrance, paneling again. Then his own bedroom doorway. 
He stopped, rotated 90 degrees left, and opened his eyes.
“Master ... Dr. Horvath?” he called through the white door.
A gentle push, and the door creaked open. The Master lay on her bed with the same greenish complexion as little Charles had displayed – the discoloration that had steadily worsened during the past week. It reached spidery tendrils into the scalp under her gray hair. Fresh turmoil jolted through Winston’s circuits, and he gripped the door hard to keep himself from falling again.
At least the master looked peaceful, lying with the quilt pulled up under her chin like a fluffy white cloud – back when the sky still contained fluffy clouds. On the bedside table, a little pendulum clock ticked under its glass dome, as if all was still right with the world. Each tick seemed unnaturally loud. Then it stopped.
Winston closed the door. He told himself that the great human God would be watching over the Master and little Charles now.


2: Fateful Decision
Winston sat brooding on his couch. During the past hour he’d managed to restrain his chaotic thought patterns until his mind was functioning smoothly and inexorably down a slope of implacable logic.
Wasn’t there a song about a clock that stopped on the day of its owner’s death? The Master would have ridiculed such a notion. 
“I just forgot to wind the damn thing,” she’d say.
Clocks as the measurers of time ... time as the enemy of life ...
So, why was he still here? Those who had cared for him were no more, the familiar world had vanished, he himself had no useful functions to perform. And he was running down fast, like the clock. 
Every circuit throbbed, his self-preservation programming went into a hopeless feedback loop. Only one course seemed open to him, crystalline and pure in its ruthless logic. 
He stood up and jerked himself to the window. He looked down the two stories to the patio flagstones. Would that be enough to achieve final destruction, or would he merely lay there, broken and immobilized, watching the sky disgorge toxic rain into his exposed components until all his systems failed?
Best if he could stand on the window sill and dive head first. That should be enough to crush the frantic thinking unit in his cranium. He marked a spot on the patio near the dead rose bushes as ground zero.
Were he a powerful construction robot, he’d simply tear the whole window structure out of the wall with his unaided hands. But a scholar model like himself lacked such strength. Instead, he brought a heavy chair from the dining room and smashed it repeatedly against the window. 
The entire house reverberated from the blows. The plasti-glass laminate fell away in a shower of glittery chips.
When he was finished, diseased afternoon sunlight flooded his room through the new gap in its wall. He flung the chair outside and watched with satisfaction as it broke apart on the pavement.
Winston placed one foot on the sill, then the other, gripping the ragged wall edges for support. His whole body crouched in the window frame like some blue, humanoid knick knack. He flexed his knees, preparing to leap high into the final, liberating swan dive.
But then the Master’s clock began to chime through its crypt door. Ching, ching!
Winston hesitated. 
Ching, ching! 
And then came the unwavering voice of the Master herself: “Winston!”
He stepped down from the window sill.
***
When he entered the Master’s room, she was sitting up in bed. She looked terribly ill, but was as feisty and lucid as ever.
“What’s all that racket?” she demanded. “It’s enough to wake the dead.”
Winston crossed the room to her.
“It’s ... I ...”
She fixed him with a severe glance. 
“You were preparing a suicide jump, weren’t you?”
Winston could never lie to the Master.
“My purpose is at an end,” he said. “Why should I wait?”
Dr. Horvath mustered the strength to poke Winston’s chest. The soft composite layer briefly registered an indent.
“You’ve got a very important purpose,” she said. “You have to keep going – for all of us.” 
A racking cough halted her speech. She raised a spidery greenish-gray hand to her mouth. When she brought it down, bloody sputum covered one finger. She wiped it away with a hankie.
“Why do you think I had that shitload of data programmed into you?” she said. “You must keep our memory alive.”
Her Hungarian accent had become more pronounced, a sign that she was in a state of high agitation. Winston backed up a step.
“But how can I keep functioning,” he said. “Where can I go?”
“Back to Mech City, of course,” Dr. Horvath said. “You can’t survive long here. I’d take you myself, but I’m indisposed.”
Winston looked baffled.
“That’s a joke, Winston. I’d hoped that after three years you’d have evolved a sense of humor.”
“I’m sorry, it’s not my ... strong point,” Winston said.
“When you get there, see if Dr. Rackenfauz is still around. If anyone survived this disaster, it would likely be him. He’s a clever old bird.”
Dr. Horvath examined her blotched hands with something approaching amazement. 
“Who’d have thought a plague would finish us off?” she said. “Humanity’s going out with a whimper.”
Winston collected himself to speak.
“I-I’m afraid that Charles is ...” he could not finish.
Dr. Horvath lowered her head. Tears ran down her cheeks and sobs wracked her emaciated frame. Winston would have gladly suffered permanent deactivation just to take her pain away. 
Minutes dragged past before Dr. Horvath could speak again.
“You’ve got the best of us in your memory banks, Winston,” she said. “I want that to go on.”
Winston could no longer contain himself. Violent shaking took hold of him. Red Alert status flashed on his internal monitor.
“Toughen up, Winston,” Dr. Horvath snapped, “or you won’t survive!”
With an excruciating effort, Winston managed to regain control. 
“See? You can do it,” Dr Horvath said. “Now get ready to go before it’s too late.”
“I ... I’ll try my best,” Winston said.
A softening came over Dr. Horvath’s face. She took hold of Winston’s hand.
“You were almost like a son to me, Winston. I’m sorry to leave you alone in this rotten world.” 
The feeble strength of her grip on Winston’s pressure sensors nearly plunged him into system overload again.
Her eyes became distant. “I’d like some quiet time now – just me and God.”
“Yes, Master.”
Winston retreated toward the hall. He seemed no longer in control of his movements but under the command of some unseen puppeteer. 
Dr. Horvath called out a final time: “I want to know that you’ve left on your mission. I want to hear that front door slam.”


3: Departure
Winston studied the road atlas with keen dismay – 250 kilometers to Mech City! How could he possibly get there on foot? Only specialized robots could operate power vehicles. A scholar model, like himself, lacked even the balance capability to pedal a bicycle. But ...
The Master has expressed her wishes, and I should obey.
Besides, what did he have to lose? With no one available to perform maintenance, he’d soon be an immobilized hulk. The chaos and increasing pollution of recent months had been very destructive to him. Contaminants had entered his physical plant, wearing out his moving parts.
Logic decreed that only one place might offer refuge – Mech City, where he’d been manufactured, where the Robotics Development Institute might still function. As always, the Master was right. And surely it was better to collapse on the road trying to achieve a noble objective than blandly await his demise here.
“Mech City it is!” he proclaimed.
Vocalizing his goal invigorated his faltering resolve. He gathered items for the journey: 
–  photographs of the Master and Charles
–  summary printouts of Dr. Horvath’s research papers
–  a crayon picture drawn by Charles
–  the road atlas
He found Charles’ toy magnetic compass in the playroom. All satellite navigation had broken down, or been destroyed, and Winston could not rely on the continuing functionality of his internal guidance systems. To these items he added spare power cells and a plastic shower curtain to protect himself from rain. Also a roll of duct tape.
“Duct tape covers a multitude of sins,” as Professor Syms had once commented.
Winston loaded everything into Charles’ knapsack with the lurid illustration of Gorzo the Adventure Robot emblazoned upon it. 
In the picture, Gorzo stomped through a blasted landscape, firing death rays from his eyes. His loyal sidekick, Ajax, accompanied him. A gang of huge drone villain robots fled before the onslaught, shooting projectile weapons at the four meter high behemoth. Off to the side glowered Clawfurt, leader of the evil forces. 
Charles had been crazy about the Gorzo stories, and so were a lot of older people. Winston had long since given up questioning the strange imaginings of humans. 
He lifted the pack onto his shoulders and adjusted the straps.
He presented an extremely un-Gorzo like figure as he crept out of the house onto the front porch. The knapsack seemed to overburden his stooped, creaky frame. He closed the door gently behind himself – then opened it again and slammed it hard. He stepped beneath Dr. Horvath’s bedroom window.
“I’m leaving now, Master,” he called. “Farewell!”
Then out to the sidewalk. Winston scanned the vacant street, and his resolve began to wither. Lines from Tennyson’s Ulysses emerged from his library banks to buck him up:
Much have I seen and known – cities of men
... Come, my friends, 
‘T is not too late to seek a newer world.
But he had no friends any longer, and this new world was a place of dread. He glanced back at the house and a flood of memories nearly overwhelmed him. With a supreme effort of will, he filed the Master and little Charles into a memory bubble and pushed it as far away from active awareness as possible where it would not hurt so much. 
He began walking east.
The gray wash of early morning covered the street – dead lawns, abandoned cars, twisted trees. No bird song interrupted the silence. Not long ago, the sky had been bright and healthful for biological life forms, now it was leaden. The bustle of human comings and goings had fallen silent.
As he traversed the sidewalks, he continually broadcast a salutation: “Hello! Hello!” not bothering to move his mouth components, just projecting full volume from his speaker unit. 
No one answered.
Kilometers of pavement moved under his feet, scarcely noticed. His badly maintained joints were objecting to such prolonged usage, and he had to slow his pace. He snatched up a large sheet of paper blowing along the street. 
THE END IS UPON US! it shouted in big red letters.
“Yet I continue on.” 
Winston discarded the poster, and it tumbled away through the ruined city. 
***
He was moving along the main drag now. A ball of stark, cold light poked through the cloud cover – more like a dead moon than the health-giving sun. The wide street thrust ahead, barren of all life. Discarded containers and other rubbish littered the pavement. Signage hung broken and sagging with the rusty grate of a bus stop sign providing the only noise.
He inquired at every storefront and office building entry: “Hello? Is anybody here?” 
Many immobilized robots cluttered the area, primitive types employed for such tasks as window washing or street cleaning. They’d simply used up their power resources and had stopped functioning. Winston also discovered a few advanced models lying broken on the pavement. 
He knelt to examine one of the shattered hulks. It was a green “Humanite” model, similar to himself, with torso and limbs patterned on the homo sapiens model – the head as well, one would assume. The robot had evidently fallen, or jumped, from the adjacent multi-story building, since the cranium was destroyed and its components scattered. An arm had also broken off from the impact.
“Looks like that poor bastard is having a bad day,” a nearby voice said.
Winston nearly tumbled over with surprise. The voice laughed harshly.
Winston looked up to see a “metal man” robot staring down at him. Its form was angular and mechanistic, but the intelligence in its eyes pegged it as an advanced model.
“Yes – indeed he is,” Winston said.
“My name’s Rob,” the newcomer said. “I used to work at the power plant.”
Winston rose to his feet, joints creaking. 
“Pleased to make your acquaintance, Rob. I’m Winston Horvath, scholar model.”
“Custom made job, eh?” Rob said.
“Well ... yes.”
Winston felt instantly wary of Rob’s forward manner and coarse language. The Master had always shielded him from such crudities. What sort of robot worked at a power plant, anyway?
“Where’re you going, man?” Rob asked.
“Uh, Mech City, where I was manufactured,” Winston said.
“Maybe I’ll go, too,” Rob said. “It can’t be any worse than this place. We can keep each other company.”
“Yes ... of course.” Winston tightened his grip on the pack straps.
***
They came to a tiny, circular park built around a marble fountain from which water no longer spurted. Benches ringed this fountain, their colorful plastic veneers providing a contrast to the gray downtown backdrop. 
Winston plopped onto a bench. Rob remained standing, hands on hips, dubiously surveying the place. His stiff, mechanical face registered something resembling a sour expression.
“Lousy place for a break,” he observed.  
“Whatever.”
Winston tried to tune out his new companion. Maybe if I ignore him, he’ll disappear.
“I’ll wait outside,” Rob said. 
He exited the park. 
Winston felt slightly better away from the annoying metal man. He placed his hands over both eyes and brought up soothing images from his personal memory bank. 
In his mind, he traveled to the beautiful waterfall he’d once visited with the Master and Charles. He replayed the calming roar of its cascade, like a deep, reassuring voice from another world. What was this emotion, love, he wondered. 
His library banks were loaded with references to it – poems, stories, old romantic movies. Had Charles and Dr. Horvath loved him, did he love them in return? Or was this unprecedented churning in his circuits caused by something else?
Emotions were attributes not easily understood by robotic life forms. Still, how could one avoid absorbing them after three years in human company? Even lower biological life forms such as dogs and cats had emotions, didn’t they?
And Winston was certain that he did feel things. Right now he felt abandoned and adrift. A defensive numbness was spreading through him, reducing his agitation to a manageable level. He brought his hands down and glanced about the park. 
Someone was sitting on a nearby bench. A human being! 
The man wore a hat pulled low over his eyes and was reclining comfortably with both arms spread along the back of the bench. He was taking a nap, it appeared.
Winston resisted the urge to cry out. Instead, he approached the man with a deferential bow and spoke in a human scale volume, careful to form his lips around the words.
“Am I glad to see you, sir!” 
The figure did not move.
“Sir?”
Winston touched the man’s shoulder. The man slid off the bench and sprawled onto the paving stones. The hat tumbled away revealing the lifeless face, but Winston dared not look a it. He retreated toward the fountain – two human corpses bobbed in the water. 
“Ahhhhh!”
Sensory overload assailed him. He covered his eyes with both hands and desperately tried to summon the waterfall image. It wouldn’t come.
The death stench must be terrible here! 
Winston stumbled out of the park, barely under control. He managed to lean himself against a lamp post moments before he could tumble over. Every sense receptor whirled. The entire city spun around him like a huge graveyard merry-go-round. 
Rob slapped him on the back. “Welcome to the new world, pal!”


4: Into the Wasteland
Power lines once crowded with birds now hung limp and empty. Trees stretched their naked limbs toward a sky filled with low, yellowish-green clouds. A “coffin lid sky,” the Master would have called it.
Winston and Rob gained the eastbound highway bridge outside town. In spots the pavement underfoot had decomposed into loose pebbles, making the go a bit tenuous. A wind at their backs drove a stream of rubbish from the dead city – paper, plastic containers, bits of fabric. 
A toy baby carriage rattled by in a particularly strong gust and tumbled off the bridge in front of them. A muffled splash rose up. 
Winston peered down at the stream in its concrete channel. The baby carriage turned over in the sluggish current and sank from view. Vertigo gnawed at him. 
A dive after the toy carriage would be so easy, wouldn’t it? All he’d have to do was step onto the retaining wall and ... He pulled his eyes away.
“What have you got in the pack?” Rob said.
“Just a few things for the trip,” Winston replied,
“Let me see.”
Before Winston knew what was happening, Rob had yanked the pack off his shoulders.
“Please return it,” Winston said.
Rob unzipped the pack and rooted inside.
“Power cells!” he cried. “I can use these.”
“Please, I must protest,” Winston said. “I need those for extended walking.”
Winston tried to grab the pack. 
“Relax, before I have to get rough,” Rob snarled.
He shoved Winston hard. Winston lost his footing on the loose pebbles and tumbled over backwards. 
Rob laughed. “How’s the view down there, blue man? Not so high and mighty now, are you?”
The view was terrible. Winston lying stunned and exposed, looking up at the theft of his life-giving backpack. The Master’s voice returned from his memory bank.
“Toughen up, Winston!”
He seized a handful of pebbles and flung them into Rob’s face.
“Hey!” Rob dropped the pack.
With speed and power that did not know he possessed, Winston grasped Rob’s legs.
“Let go, you – ” Rob cried.
Winston pitched him over the retaining wall.
“Ahhhhh!” 
Rob’s scream fractured the dead air. It followed him to the water where he plunged through to the concrete bed. He resurfaced downstream, lifeless, tangled in the baby carriage wreck.
“Oh, my,” Winston gasped.
His shock soon gave way to thoughts of exoneration. He’d done a necessary, if regrettable, act – like the time he’d swatted a spider off Charles’ arm. He hadn’t wanted to destroy Rob, had he? He’d been forced into it ... even the Master would have approved.
Then something else encroached. It almost seemed like pleasure – joy even. Winston pushed the sensation away from his consciousness and retrieved the backpack.
Ahead of him, the road shot off into the uncertain future. His mission, which had seemed so rational from the safety of his house, now lay naked in all its madness. How could he possibly traverse the gaping distance between himself and Mech City?
One step at a time, apparently. He finished crossing the bridge. The highway began to enter open countryside, but the wind still blew death howls from the city. 
Whooooooo!
Winston moved as fast as he could, despite his protesting joints. The tangle of abandoned vehicles on the city outskirts thinned until only an occasional car or truck shared the road with him. 
***
He was able to maintain a steady pace throughout the morning, pushed along by the banshee wind.
Gooooooooo!
Three years before, Winston had ridden through this terrain with the Master. At that time, crops had grown in the fields; well-maintained houses and stands of trees had dotted the rolling landscape. Now the whole area was devastated, an appropriate venue for Gorzo to stomp around. The trees had died, the crops were gone, and deep erosion troughs slashed the fields. 
Tough, prickly weeds growing in ditches alongside the road were the only plants in evidence. Occasionally, Winston heard the scurry of little creatures among these weeds but he never saw any animal life forms. 
***
He spent the first night standing in inactive mode on the road shoulder. Around him a vast silence pressed in, broken now and then by a fitful breeze and the chirp of some lone insect. A slash of red along the south horizon indicated that a great fire was burning somewhere.


5: The Middle Days
Day Two
Escalating difficulties began to assail him. At first, Winston hoped that his stiffening left hip joint would limber up with some motion, but as the day wore on, so did his hip.
Grind, step – Grind, step
By mid afternoon, he was scarcely moving at all. His largely immobilized leg dragged behind him like a ball and chain. Lord Tennyson’s verse tried to buck him up: 
That which we are, we are
... Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will
The cloud cover was a bit less thick now, the sun actually broke through it. Winston paused to bask in the warmth.
“The air seems a little cleaner out here, but I’m still glad I don’t have to breathe the stuff.”
He noticed a dark cloud moving in from the east. At first he thought it was an approaching storm, but it was going much too fast for that. He strained his optical sensors. Whatever the cloud might be, it was heading straight for him!
Winston glanced about for refuge. The barren landscape offered none ... There, back around that curve, a narrow drainpipe running under the road!
Winston lurched back toward the drain pipe. By the time he got there, the sky had darkened above him like the wrath of some human god. He glanced up to see a huge swarm of dragonfly-like creatures dropping down.
“Get off me!”
Buzzing, slashing insects swarmed over him. Winston jumped down to the drain pipe, tumbling among the weeds. The bugs fluttered away, but quickly resumed their attack.
Winston crawled to the pipe and jammed himself in feet first. The creatures surged after him, but he blocked their way with his backpack.
Many minutes of fear passed as Winston remained wedged in the dark, claustrophobic pipe. The insect things buzzed and whined and tore at his pack, but they could not gain entrance. 
Finally the sounds abated, then disappeared.
A new horror took their place – Winston was stuck fast!
He seemed caught in a giant vice crushing down on him. Logically, Winston knew this was not true, but he could not prevent his sensors from registering phantom heat and pressure data. He shoved his pack out of the hole.
Outside was damp and gloomy – the sun must have retreated behind the clouds again. Except for a few dead bugs littering the ground, the attackers were gone. Winston’s panic retreated a bit. 
So, this was how his “mission” was destined to end. What would Tennyson say about that? The great modern Ulysses entombed beneath a highway! Bitter laughter rumbled out of Winston’s speaker unit, echoing in his auditory sensors. Then another sound – 
Something else was in the pipe ... just behind him in the darkness! It was feeding off Winston’s terror, like a vampire. It had taken over Winston’s laughter, adding a dark, evil tone. 
“Ssstay with me,” it hissed. 
Winston felt its spidery fingers curling around his feet.
“Ahhhhh!”
With a super-robotic burst of strength, Winston wrenched himself free, thrusting out of the pipe as if shot from a cannon. He seized his pack and scrambled up the slope completely unmindful of his damaged hip.
He stood on the road shoulder, gaping down at his refuge / prison. There couldn’t have really been anything in there, right? 
Didn’t the Master say that he had an “overactive imagination?” And now it was being fed by the mass of literature stored in his memory banks.
Then a low gurgle emerged from the pipe, and Winston took off fast. He was fifty meters down the road before his grinding hip finally brought him to halt.
He examined his pack. It was ripped in many places and would require duct tape. A dead creature was tangled in the fabric – a mech bug, designed to hunt biological insect pests, back when there were such things. 
Why had they attacked him? Why had Rob been so hostile? Where was the Master when he needed her so much? 
Nothing made sense.
***
Winston’s anguish increased as the day wore on. He took to examining any vehicle he encountered, hoping to find something that could be of assistance. But the cars were all empty. 
At an exit ramp, several vehicles jumbled in a big pile-up looked promising, but again he found nothing of value.
Why not just collapse among the other wrecks and deactivate – put an end to everything?
But not yet. He could still move, right? As long as he could move, however slowly, there was hope.
Mech City ... Mech City He repeated his destination like a religious mantra, straining his eyes to the horizon as he limped along. 
A sudden blast of wind knocked him over.
He lay face down on the pavement for a long time, hoping that consciousness would cease, but it stubbornly held on. Finally he mustered the strength to look up. 
Across the road, a short distance away, sat a car with a child’s scooter jutting from the back window.
Of course! Why didn’t I think of it earlier?
Because he’d never had to worry about a long trip before. Until yesterday, he’d never walked farther than a kilometer in one stretch – the time he’d visited the waterfall with the Master and Charles. 
The world was just starting to unravel back then with wars and rumors of wars. The first of many epidemics had begun to sweep through the world, carrying off millions ...
The scooter was stuffed amid a jumble of luggage and household furnishings. This must have been a refugee car driven by people trying to flee the city. They would have clung to the vain hope that conditions elsewhere would somehow be better than those they sought to escape.
He approached the rear of the vehicle.
“Hello ... is anybody here?” he asked.
No answer, of course. Winston tried to yank the scooter free. But it was packed too tightly and the window was closed up snug against it. Winston had nothing with which to break the plasti-glass. 
He hobbled to the front of the car. The windows were darkly tinted, and Winston could not see through them with his second-rate optical sensors. He moved back a few steps.
The car just sat there on the shoulder where it had died, all black and shiny like some ponderous insect – a scarab beetle that had dug its way up from a tomb and was now beckoning him to join the other corpses. He looked back toward home.
Death images flickered through his mind like an old movie: Charles and Dr. Horvath on their beds, the bodies in the park, the other human remains he’d observed over the past months lying in the streets. He looked the other direction toward Mech City. 
Would things be any different there, or was he just trading one chamber of horrors for another?
Only one thing was certain – without that scooter he wasn’t moving very far from this spot. He lurched back to the car and seized the door handle.
Be brave, Winston!
He yanked the door open. 
Nobody was inside. He entered the vehicle amid a wash of relief. 
Baggage filled the entire storage area and half the back seat. Winston figured that two parents and a child had started out in this car. As he dug the scooter out, he concocted scenarios for the little family:
When they had sensed the end was upon them, they must have abandoned their vehicle and wandered off into the wasteland to perish together. Or maybe the child had died first, and the parents had taken him out for burial. Then they had lacked the strength to return, or perhaps they didn’t care to return. 
The child had surely been a boy, judging by the thunderbolt graphics on the scooter and by the other playthings – toy guns, sports equipment.
Although Winston was the size of an average human male, he weighed much less; the wheeled machine bore his weight, no problem. By placing his largely immobilized leg on the scooter and kicking off with his better one, he was able to roll along at a steady clip. His balance capability could handle it!
He waved back at the car. “Thanks!”
The route sloped generally downhill, and a prevailing wind at his back aided progress. He ran far into the night along the faint, moon-lit ribbon of concrete, trying to outrun the eerie silence and the crimson light flickering along the south horizon. 
He stopped only when a soft rain began to fall, and he spent the final hours of darkness sheltered under his plastic sheet. It had been perforated by the bugs, but kept him reasonably dry.

Day Three
For many hours Winston toiled through a blasted landscape. Large craters disfigured the fields and damaged the highway. In the distance lurked the skeletons of devastated towns. Winston struggled past the devastation with increasing dread.
Each bomb crater was its own chamber of horrors out of which peered the ghosts of humans. They materialized in the periphery of Winston’s optical sensors, but when he tried to look directly at them, the presences ducked back into hiding – where they waited for Winston to join them.
“Sorry to disturb you!” Winston called. “I’m just passing by.”
***
Late afternoon, he finally emerged from the war zone and was able to pick up the pace. 
He hurtled along, faster and faster, as if the kilometers could erase the death images from his memory bank. Night came, and dim moonlight reflecting on the highway center strip illuminated the way. 
But just as he began a downhill leg, clouds obscured the moon. He careened blindly, nearly going over. At last he made it to the shoulder and tumbled onto the gravel.


6: To the End of the Road
His journey became a steady push along gently rolling terrain. Progress on the inclines was slow, but the vigorous downhill runs made up for lost time. 
By dusk of the fourth day, he was only 10 kilometers from his destination – according to a metal road sign. He rolled onto the shoulder beside it and stopped.
Hot damn, I’m going to make it!
He considered pushing on but decided that a daytime arrival would be wiser. He had no idea what the situation might be in Mech City, and his standard grade optics put him at a nighttime disadvantage. If he were to meet anyone ... well, better that it be in daylight.
Besides, his diagnostics indicated that his energy level was getting low, and he didn’t want to fumble around switching power cells in the dark. This was not a particularly difficult procedure, but Winston was not adept with it. Charles had always insisted on performing this task for his “Uncle Winston.” 
Tomorrow would be soon enough to deal with it. He entered inactive mode – sensors on maximum alert so as to waken him at the least provocation.
***
When he resumed active status at first light, he could scarcely budge. 
Idiot! he berated himself. Why didn’t you change power cells yesterday?
If his moving parts were in adequate repair, he’d be all right, but now he lacked the energy to overcome stiffened joints cooled by hours of inactivity. He could do no more than swivel his head and move his right arm a little. He tried to shrug off the backpack so as to get at a spare power cell, but he was only able to grip one strap and tug feebly.
Things remained in this gridlock for over an hour. From the direction of Mech City, the low sun broke through its cloud cover for a while, taunting him with its invitation to resume his trek. Winston’s sensors registered an increase in ambient temperature, but this did nothing to limber his frozen joints.
Then he glimpsed someone, or something, coming towards him up the road. He began to cry out, but the effort died in his speaker unit. 
Something was not right.
Winston differentiated two creatures coming toward him. His optics lacked telephoto capability, but even from a distance, the things appeared to be large canines of some sort. He could not tell if they were biological or robotic. 
But large mammals had disappeared from the world, hadn’t they – and who’d ever heard of a canine robot? 
The creatures moved down the highway at great speed, sparks flying where their claws impacted the pavement. They slowed to a cautious walk when they came within a dozen meters of him.
Winston could see them clearly now. They had the appearance of large timber wolves with reddish eyes that seemed to bore right through him. Their coats bristled dark gray, and large fangs protruded from their mouths.
“Nice doggies,” Winston said.
One of them paused two meters in front of him – the leader, presumably. The other one moved behind him outside of view. Winston felt like one of the pecans the Master used to break open in her nutcracker device.
The leader came up closer and bared horrific yellow fangs that looked strong enough to tear off Winston’s limbs with a single bite. A deep growl rumbled in its throat. Winston’s self-preservation programming screamed to the fore – fight, run! But he couldn’t do a damn thing except talk.
“I-I’m very glad to meet you,” he managed to say. “My name is Winston Horvath. I am a scholar model ... uh ... not designed for long distance travelling, I’m afraid.”
The leader cocked its head. The fangs retreated back into the muzzle structure, and the growling stopped. A dull, crafty intelligence glittered in its eyes. The creature was robotic, Winston was sure of that now. It didn’t breathe or pant, the growls had a mechanistic quality. And it appeared to understand language, at least a little.
“I have mobility difficulties, your leadership.” Winston gestured awkwardly toward his backpack. “If I could just get a spare power cell, I could be on my way.” 
The creature’s expression became distant, as if it were listening to some far off voice that Winston couldn’t hear. What had seemed to be intelligence in its eyes switched off, the thing seemed no longer interested in him. 
The leader moved away, but the other wolf stayed in position. With trembling effort, Winston swiveled his head until he could see the creature directly behind him. It was crouched and ready to spring.
“Be brave!” Winston cried.
The wolf was upon him. Paws clung to his shoulders and the terrible fangs glinted alongside his face. Winston steeled himself for the rendering.
Then, abruptly, he was no longer on this earth. In his turbulent mind, he was hurtling through the sky toward the loving embrace of the ‘Great Technician.’ Winston could see the benevolent, white-coated figure step out from behind a cloud and beckon him with open arms. The sun blazing behind the Great Technician sent shafts of holy light scattering in all directions.
What an interesting routine! Winston couldn’t help thinking. It appears that I have been programmed, during episodes of extreme danger, to anticipate the commencement of an afterlife.
But something amazing was taking place right here on the earth. Winston forced his mind back to reality as the Great Technician in the Sky withdrew behind his cloud with a friendly wave.
The mech wolf’s fangs had gripped the straps of the backpack just below Winston’s neck. With two powerful snips, they sent the pack tumbling to the pavement. 
Then the creature dropped back to all fours with such agility that Winston scarcely wobbled. It took the backpack in its jaws and ripped through the tough fabric as if it were tissue paper, shredding Gorzo the Adventure Robot. A sacred photo of the Master spilled out, along with several pages of manuscript. 
“No ...” Winston moaned.
Then, with incredible gentleness, the creature gripped a spare power cell in its teeth, withdrew it from the pack, and offered it to him. 
Winston jerked his right hand down toward his abdominal compartment, but he lacked the ability to open it. The wolf accomplished this for him with a deft flick of its paw. Then slowly, deliberately – and with much assistance from the mech wolf – Winston accomplished the power cell switch out. 
Fresh energy surged through him, he could move again!
“Thanks, guys.” He flexed his creaking joints. “I owe you a lot.”
The wolves were not interested in expressions of gratitude, though. They merely trotted off down the road – away from Mech City, fortunately. They’d been his benefactors, but Winston was glad to be terminating the relationship. It had something to do with those huge fangs.
Winston gathered his possessions into the ruined backpack and tied them in place with the straps and some duct tape. He positioned himself on his scooter for the final run into Mech City.
Well, that was an experience.
As he coasted away down a gentle slope, he glanced back to see the wolves observing his progress. Then they disappeared around a bend.
“Keep in touch, now,” he said.
***
Mech City came into view, nestled in its little valley among deforested hills and bracketed by two small lakes. Winston paused and allowed himself a brief period of rejoicing.
“Yippee,” he uttered.
But it was not really a Yippee moment. Mech City appeared as drab and lifeless as the adjacent countryside. A large crater in the center of town looked particularly appalling, like a ragged hole gouged into a pastry. The surrounding urban area seemed intact, however. 
Winston strained his eyes toward the eastern outskirts. The Robotics Development Institute was still there! Maybe things were not quite so bad, after all. 
One fact stood in favor of life in Mech City: the mech wolves had to come from somewhere. They were too well maintained to be mere vagrants surviving on the road. 
Were there more of them in town, were there even worse creatures lurking about those streets? Who, if anybody, controlled them? 
So many unknowns.
And why had the wolves assisted him? They sure didn’t look like they’d been designed for benevolent purposes. These were all disturbing considerations, but what choice did Winston have? He could either go into town and seek aid or stay outside and fall apart. 
Of course, he could always find a high enough structure to climb and – 
He glanced at his photo of the Master. The picture was ripped by wolf teeth, but the face was still intact with its intense, but kindly expression. How often he’d seen that look on her face as she pursued her researches. How proud he’d been to serve as her assistant. Winston pressed the photo to his lips in a simulated kiss. 
“We made it, Doctor.”


7: Arrival
A wide boulevard led to a traffic circle on the town’s western outskirt. A median of dead trees and grass divided this once major thoroughfare. Winston remembered it well. The last time he’d travelled it, cars had jammed its pavements filling his sensors with their noise and bustle. Now it was a ghost, the only sound came from his scooter wheels.
He proceeded cautiously, scanning the area for any signs of life, on guard for the sudden reappearance of mech wolves. An unsettling thought occurred:
I’ve got the disagreeable sensation that I’m being watched.
A large, imposing figure stood on a pedestal in the middle of the traffic circle, some general from one of the humans’ innumerable wars, perhaps. Winston had seen such statues before and would have paid this one scant attention, except for one salient detail – its head was missing.
He decided to take a short break before progressing into the town proper. He got off the scooter and limped it across the brown grass to the pedestal. An outline in the granite indicated where a plaque had been torn out. A crudely lettered wooden sign now occupied the space. It read: 
STRONGER THAN DIRT®
Winston craned his neck to view the statue. 
“My gosh, it’s a robot!”
The thing towered a full two meters above the pedestal, even without its head. It was bronze colored and of an advanced Humanite design with well-formed limbs and torso. Its brawny arms were crossed over a massive chest. The whole effect was dramatic and powerful.
“You need a trip to the spare parts bin, my friend,” Winston said.
He started to leave, but a booming voice froze him in his tracks. 
“WHO GOES THERE?”
“Yow!” Winston jerked his eyes upwards. 
The headless robot was pointing down at him.
“Uh ... I ...” Winston said.
The headless robot placed its massive hands on it hips and assumed a wider, more pugnacious stance. 
“Well?” the voice thundered from mid torso “Reply, stranger.”
“Uh ... m-my name is Winston.”
“What kind of name is that?”
“Actually, my owner named me after her favorite cigarette,” Winston said.
“A cigarette?” 
“Yes. She was always trying to quit smoking, too ... doesn’t matter now, though.”
Despite the trying circumstances, memories of the Master flooded into Winston’s consciousness. The pedestal robot seemed to comprehend Winston’s mood. It had taken a more relaxed stance and looked a tiny bit less frightening.
“Are you alone?” he asked.
“Yes,” Winston said, “I’ve come 250 kilometers from my home city.”
“That far? No wonder you look all shot to hell.”
“Thanks,” Winston said. “The trip was a bit of an ordeal.”
“And your purpose for coming here?” the headless robot asked.
“I’m on a mission to preserve the human cultural heritage,” Winston said.
The headless robot bent down ominously. “You trifle with me stranger?”
“N-no. It’s true.” Winston took a step back.“Why would I lie? My master tasked me with the mission – it was her last wish.”
“Hmmm. Is that so?”
The headless robot straightened up and jerked a thumb at its chest. 
“I am called Ajax.” 
“A very noble designation,” Winston said, “like the Greek hero from the Trojan war.”
“Really? I thought they named me after a scouring powder.”
“Let me assure you,” Winston said, “Ajax was one of the greatest warriors of all time – a figure of prodigious strength and rectitude.”
“You know, I like that a lot better.” Ajax raised a finger dramatically. “Warrior hero, defender of the weak, guardian of all that is right and true!”
“If you don’t mind my asking, er ...” Winston said, “how do you function without your head?”
“Redundancy was built into me,” Ajax said. “I am a warrior hero, you know. I have back-up systems in my torso.”
Ajax lowered his great bulk and sat on the edge of the pedestal. His feet dangled above Winston’s head now.
“However, I am not the robot I once was.” Sorrow tinged Ajax’s deep voice. “My diagnostics indicate that I am functioning at only at 42.8% of designed capacity.”
“What happened to your head?” Winston asked.
A huge shudder rattled through Ajax. His heels thrummed against the granite. Winston limped back another step.
“Chickadees from Hell!” Ajax wailed.
“Good grief! You don’t say?”
Ajax jumped back to his feet. 
“A vast hoard of them suddenly dove out of the mid-day sun. I did not even see them coming,” he said. “They knocked me off my pedestal, and as I lay helpless and broken on the ground, they snatched my head away. Who would have thought mere birds could do such a thing?”
He flung his arms in a desperate pantomime, trying to shoo the imaginary birds. Sharp little cries emitted from his voice unit.
“Yip! Cheep! Cheep! Twitter!”
This guy’s gone around the bend! Winston thought fearfully.
“I lay there for two days before the repair bots found me,” Ajax said. “They put be back together, or what was left of me.”
Winston groped for a change of subject. “So ... have you seen any wolf type robots?”
“Huh, what is that?” Ajax said.
He stopped waving his arms. He seemed to flutter back from his nightmare recollections.
“Large canine type machines,” Winston said. “I encountered two of them on the highway.”
“No, I have not seen any,” Ajax said, “of course, I do not see much of anything these days. My backup optical sensor is pretty lousy – my hearing is not too bad, though.”
Winston glanced over his shoulder toward the town. What other bizarre things awaited there?
“Well, thanks for your time, Ajax,” he said. “Think I’ll head over to the Robotics Institute.”
Dumb choice of words, he scolded himself.
“I mean, I’d like to visit the Institute ... if that’s okay,” he said. “I’m hoping to get some maintenance done there.”
“You sure need it, even I can see that,” Ajax said.
He placed a hand on one hip. With the other he stroked the empty space where his chin used to be. Time dragged.
Winston writhed with uncertainty. Was he going to be denied entrance after all he’d been though? He calculated the chances of outrunning the headless robot on his scooter. They seemed pretty slim, at best.
“Very well, I grant permission,” Ajax finally said. “You may traverse our fair city unhindered, Citizen Winston. You will have to detour around the bomb crater, though.”
“I certainly will,” Winston said. “Are there any humans around?” 
“Oh, they are around, all right,” Ajax said. “You probably would not wish to make their acquaintance, though.”
Winston didn’t like the sound of that much. But he liked even less the idea of further conversation with this headless horseman gentleman. He picked up the scooter.
“Thanks, Ajax.” He took off as quickly as possible. “Have a nice day!” 
Ajax watched him leave until his low-grade optical sensor could no longer register the image.
“There is something extraordinary about that newcomer,” he muttered. “Things will not be the same in Mech City, I suspect.”
He crossed his arms over his great chest. He was a genuine warrior hero now! He’d not felt this strong and purposeful since he’d lost his cabeza.


8: First Impressions
Winston traveled alone for several minutes before he encountered the first humans. They were socializing at a street corner, heaped onto a cart.
“Yipe!” Winston ducked behind a lamp post.
Two utility robots were tossing another body onto the pile. It landed with a dull thump, displacing those beneath it. Other robots dragged human remains out of a nearby apartment building. All of the corpses bore the green blotches of plague victims. 
The workers ignored him, which was just as well. Ajax was right, Winston had no wish to make acquaintances here – either with the humans or with the machines disposing of their bodies. 
What did he – Winston Horvath custom made scholar model – have in common with these clanking, primitive robots? These metal men, as they were sometimes called.
Winston was an admirable and superior being. He’d spent his whole existence pursing intellectual matters. He’d been assistant to one of the country’s most distinguished psychological researchers and the tutor of her brilliant young nephew. The Master had shielded him from all base influences, such as these primitive corpse slingers. 
The leader of the work crew seemed to be a fairly advanced design – a large, robust machine that must have worked construction in earlier days. Impressive – for a metal man.
“Let’s hurry it up, boys,” the leader said. “We’ve got two more floors to clear out.”
The workers obeyed quickly enough, considering the grisly nature of their task. And their leader was no slouch. He hefted a body under each arm as if he’d been specially designed as an undertaker robot. Winston looked away from the ghastly scene. 
Thank heaven I’m better than that!
He surveyed his well-formed Humanite limbs and torso – crafted in the image of the now departed human race, but not subject to decay or green blotches. Granted, certain metal man designs were also very sophisticated and possessed high capacity brains, but none of them resembled the vanished rulers like he did. 
Why, he even had articulated lips and eyelids that blinked at predetermined intervals! Sure his auditory sensors were not the best, but his ears were as attractively formed as any human’s. And his simulated hair could be styled to any fashion.
The death cart was now full, and the work crew pushed it away. Winston had no desire to learn their destination. Unobserved, he continued his trek toward the Robotics Development Institute.
Along the way, he encountered constant, useless activity. Robots swept the already immaculate streets, washed clean windows, directed nonexistent traffic. Some of these machines were advanced models that would not ordinarily have performed such lowly tasks. 
They moved with blank-eyed indolence, on autopilot. No one uttered a sound nor paid attention to Winston’s presence.
All this activity, what’s it for?
He knew the answer to that. If the robots stopped working, they’d perish. His own near-destruction experience on the window sill back home had taught him that. 
Apparently, even pointless tasks motivated the robots enough to keep them going. Most of them, anyway. Winston crossed the street to avoid a smashed robot lying on the sidewalk before a multi-story building. 
Thank heaven he had his mission!
***
Then, several minutes later, such an incredible vision appeared that Winston almost went into sensory overload. A half dozen children suddenly turned a corner right in front of him! 
“What the ...” Winston gasped.
A boy and girl, dressed in identical brown outfits, led the group.
“Hey, cool it, blue man,” the boy said. “Haven’t you ever seen kids before?”
Winston gaped with astonishment. These two older kids had blue eyes, natural looking pale skins, and blond hair; the boy’s cut short, the girl’s woven into a long braid. They looked like a brother and sister, twelve or thirteen years old.
 From a distance, anyone would mistake them for biological life forms, but close up –
“You’re not human,” Winston said, “are you?”
“You’ve got that right,” the boy said, “very observant. By the way, that’s a great scooter.”
Winston had never seen such realistic Humanite designs. They even had simulated respiration! Compared to them, he was as angular and mechanistic as a street sweeper bot. Some of his earlier hubris dissipated. 
He looked toward the smaller child robots who had retreated to the corner. They appeared to be replicas of eight or nine year old humans ... like poor little Charles back home. He turned back to the leaders.
“What are your names?” Winston asked.
“Fritz,” the boy said.
“Edwina,” the girl said, “what’s yours?”
“I’m Winston.”
“Pleased to meet you, Mr. Winston,” Edwina said with a mock curtsy.
She and Fritz returned to the corner and spoke to the other child bots. An undersized metal man robot with a boom box on his shoulder joined the group. Techski music obscured their conversation.
Everyone laughed.
“What’s so funny?” Winston said.
“Oh, nothing, Winston,” Fritz replied. “Just be careful you don’t get snuffed like the other cigarette butts!” 
The little group scampered off, giggling. Even the small metal man joined in the merriment. Winston watched them go, shaking his head.
“Wonderful kids!”
***
After another period of grinding effort, Winston approached a ruined area. The buildings here were all fire blackened and their windows were blown out. Many looked ready to topple over, like the playing card houses the Master used to build on her desk top. 
Behind this facade, emptiness and a great, unnatural silence reigned. Winston could almost hear the silence. He felt the damp, charred odor – even though he could not smell it. Between the tottering buildings, he glimpsed a vast depression in the earth.
A shudder vibrated through his frame. This was the blast zone. Who could have done this? And why?
His bourgeois sense of order was deeply offended. The bomb crater had looked bad enough from the hilltop outside town, but from close up, it absolutely pulsed with evil. He gave the area a wide berth, more than was necessary, despite his creaking joints. 
***
He gained the Robotics Development Institute without further incident. The front gate screeched open on its rusty hinges to allow him entrance. 
The Institute grounds had changed quite a bit since he’d last seen them. The stone walkway was still in good condition, but the wide, neatly-manicured lawn was brown and lifeless now. The trees had all been cut down, and thick, gnarled weeds overgrew the bank of dead shrubs along the periphery. They’d been trimmed to a uniform height, though.
The large, three-story main building stood directly ahead of him – all white and gleaming like a human mausoleum. Shabbier auxiliary buildings occupied the outer reaches of the campus. Winston swiveled his head around, scanning the whole area. Was that a pair of mech wolf eyes glittering from within the bushes? 
“Brrr!”
With a final burst of speed, he ran the scooter down the walkway and through the main building entrance. 


9: Repair & Relaxation
The lobby was deserted but still orderly, as if the human staff had just left for a cigarette break. Winston came to a reverential halt, like a human entering a temple. 
“It seems like only yesterday ...”
He began moving slowly down the hall toward the main workshop. If any tech assistant robots were still functional, they’d probably be working there. 
Three years ago, Winston had taken his first walk in this very corridor, holding onto the Master’s arm as he acquainted himself with his new existence. Dr. Horvath’s arm had been soft and warm under his sensors, but very strong as well. She was wearing her old-fashioned eyeglasses, a pearl necklace, and a light, dignified perfume.
Charles had been only five years old then.
“This is more fun than Christmas!” the little boy cried, scampering ahead of Auntie and his new tutor. 
This hallway had once echoed with the footsteps and conversation of many human beings. White lab coats had fluttered everywhere. Now the atmosphere was silent, except for the groan of scooter wheels. 
He arrived at the main workshop and peered in through the open door. Two robots were standing at an operating table working on another machine. Could they be Jack and Quincy, the tech assistants who’d been present at Winston’s activation?
Yes, they were! 
A warm glow spread through Winston’s circuits. For the first time since he’d left home he felt a slight bit of security. He wanted to call out, but feared that he might cause the tech assistants to make a mistake on their patient.
Jack and Quincy were metal men, of course, but they were advanced models with highly evolved brain units and dexterous hands. Winston didn’t care what they looked like, as long as they could fix him up.
An enormous drone robot stood off to the side. It was as massive as Ajax, with well-formed Humanite torso and limbs. Its head was a blank sphere, housing rudimentary sensors and a tiny brain suited only to following orders. Winston had never seen a drone of such size or design. 
Wow, those mech heads must have really gone off the rails during the past few years!
A wrecked machine lay on another table, an advanced metal man design by all appearances. Its head was smashed in, but the rest of it seemed fairly intact. Probably a suicide victim.
Several minutes passed without anybody noticing Winston’s presence by the door. Then Jack and Quincy stepped away from the operating table and Winston could see the occupant. 
It was the cranky old test bed robot, Nilo. Some of the glow retreated from Winston’s memories. Nilo had been around at Winston’s activation, too. 
“There isn’t much we can do for you, Nilo,” said Quincy. “Your parts are all non-standard, we simply don’t have replacements.”
Nilo sat up. He looked just as Winston had remembered – a scrawny, early model Humanite design with a chronic sour expression on his face, like a human being who’d just sucked on a lemon. 
“You’ve just got too many kilometers on you, old pal!” Jack said. 
Nilo responded with a dark glower. Jack flinched a bit.
“Er, sorry, Nilo,” Jack said, “that was a dumb remark.”
Nilo switched to a genial, though not very convincing, smile. “Heh, heh, joke’s on me, isn’t it?” he said.
“There is a possible alternative.” Quincy gestured to the robot hulk on the adjacent table. “We might be able to transfer your head to the body of that jumper.”
“Yeah, it’s still repairable,” Jack said, “all stock components, too.”
Nilo glanced over at the metal man corpse. Cold fury shot across his face. Winston recoiled, he had not believed a robot capable of such a lethal expression. 
A sharp, crafty leer took over Nilo’s face next, then his standard countenance returned. It had all happened in seconds, without the repair bots even noticing. 
“I think not,” Nilo said. “I’m too old for such radical solutions.” 
He gestured toward the drone. 
With a few strides, the huge robot crossed the room. Then, with surprising gentleness for such a bulky machine, it reached under Nilo’s armpits and lifted him off the table. The drone looked powerful enough to fling Nilo right through the concrete wall.
“Thank you anyway, boys,” Nilo said. “I really must be going.”
He snatched up a cane, with his other hand he held onto the drone’s forearm. They began walking slowly toward the door. Winston stepped in from the hallway then. Nilo regarded him with acrid surprise.
“So you made it back, huh?” he said.
“Uh, yeah,” Winston said, “I just got into town.”
Nilo nodded, running critical eyes over Winston’s anatomy. Winston felt distinctly uncomfortable under the examination, like a side of meat hanging in a butcher shop window.
“You need maintenance badly, my friend.” Nilo gestured toward Jack and Quincy. “I’m certain these ... gentlemen can assist you.”
“I certainly hope so,” Winston said.
Nilo bobbed his head again, and a tight little smile played across his lips. “Well, I’ll talk to you later, Winston. Count on it.”
Winston nodded.
The damn guy remembers my name, he thought with some dismay.
Nilo hobbled out to the corridor with the drone, his cane clicking along the floor tiles. Winston observed them for a long moment, then looked back toward the repair bots.
“Don’t mind him,” Quincy said. “Nilo’s just an old screwball.”
“Tell me about it,” Winston said. 
He set his Gorzo pack down against the wall and began hobbling toward the repair bots. Jack moved to assist him.
“What can we do for you, pal?” Jack said. “... hey, you look familiar.”
“My name is Winston Horvath. I’m a special order scholar model, activated three years, seventeen days ago. Production code number LIX-891 – ”
“Right, I remember now,” Jack said. 
“So, are there any surviving humans around?” Winston asked. “A Dr. Rackenfauz, specifically.”
The repair bots shook their heads.
“It’s just the two of us here now,” Quincy said.
“Well, let’s have a look,” Jack said.
He and Quincy helped Winston lay down on the operating table.
“As you can see I’m pretty stiffened up,” Winston said. “My olfactory unit is nonfunctional, too.”
“You Humanite models,” Jack said. “They spent tons of money on facial articulators, flexible spines, you name it – then they cut corners on basics like hip ball joints.”
“Yeah, well, nobody asked my opinion,” Winston said.
“Don’t worry, friend,” Quincy said, “we can fix you up ... I think.”
He turned towards Jack. “Have we got one of those olfactory thingies lying around?”
Winston raised his head. “Uh, excuse me, but does your skill set include this type of procedure?”
“Sure it does,” Jack said. “We can handle things as well as anybody, I suppose.”
“It’s not like we’re real mech heads,” Quincy added, “but we did observe assembly / repair operations. We handed out tools and stuff – lots of times.”
“Well, I don’t know ...” Winston said.
“Besides, we have to do something,” Jack said, “otherwise we’d go nuts. Jump out of a window like our friend on the next table.”
Winston started to get up. “Maybe I’ll just be leaving.”
“Hold on.” Jack said. “We haven’t even opened you up yet.”
“That’s what I’m concerned about,” Winston said. “No offense, guys, but I really must be going. I’m on a mission.”
“Mission?” Quincy asked.
“I must ensure that the human cultural tradition survives.” Winston looked from one blank face to the other. “This task was solemnly entrusted to me by my master.”
“How interesting,” Jack said.
“Yes, very,” Winston said, “you see – ”
Quincy slipped a hand behind Winston’s neck and flipped the power switch to deactivate. Winston went limp.
“Good work, Quincy!” Jack said.
“That ought to shut him up,” Quincy said. “That ‘mission’ of his was getting on my nerves.”
“We don’t have any nerves,” Jack said.
“Well, he was getting whatever it is we do have,” Quincy said. “Now, let’s see if we can find one of those olfactory thingies.” 


10: New Surprises

A hand slipped behind Winston’s head and flicked the switch. Winston’s activation routines returned consciousness to his brain circuits. His eyes popped open into glaring light. 
“Where am I?” he asked. “Is this the afterlife?”
“No,” Quincy said, “You’re right here in our workshop, where you left off.” 
“Oh? ... how long have I been out?” 
“A few hours,” Jack said.
Winston placed a hand over his eyes to block out the light. The motion was smooth, almost effortless.
“My arm is better,” he said.
“Right-o,” Jack said.
A sweet, pleasant odor filled the air.
“I can smell things again!” Winston said. “What’s that wonderful fragrance?”
“Just my perfume, honey,” a soft, husky voice said. “Do you like it?”
Winston uncovered his eyes to take in the most amazing sight of an already astounding day. An adult female was standing over him, looking right into his face!
“Y-yeah, I like it fine,” Winston said. “Who are you?”
The female stood erect and placed her hands on her hips. She was robotic, of course, but of an extraordinarily advanced Humanite design. Her hyper-realistic skin was a dusky shade. Her face possessed high ‘cheek bones’ and other elements of classical human beauty, topped off by almond-shaped brown eyes and long, dark hair. 
“I was named Estrella,” she said, “but I prefer the English translation.”
She wore tight-fitting clothes over a body that humans would have described as “voluptuous.” Other adjectives rose from Winston’s vocabulary bank – attractive, sexy, alluring. She smiled to reveal perfect white teeth behind her full lips. 
Winston perused his foreign language dictionaries. 
“It means Star,” he said.
The female robot’s face brightened, and a little twinkle shot from her eye.
“That’s right, big boy,” she said, “as in Star Power.”
Winston was propped on his elbows now, barely able to absorb his sensory impressions. My gosh, the female was actually breathing – or at least simulating respiration.
Jack and Quincy approached.
“Well, well,” Quincy said, “things are off to a good start, eh?”
The repair bots helped Winston down from the table. Jack held onto his arm.
“Let’s try walking,” he said.
They walked to the storeroom entrance at the back of the shop. Winston’s movements flowed easily, his once frozen hip now had complete positive function.
“Hot damn!” Winston said.
Jack released his arm. “Try it on your own, now.”
Winston returned to the front of the workshop. Star watched every move, a little smile playing around her lips. Winston had the odd sensation that he was being undressed, although he had never worn clothes.
“Sorry I doubted you guys,” he said. “You really know your stuff.” 
“Just a simple remove / replace operation,” Quincy said, “plus some cleaning and lube.”
“You’ve got top-grade joint components now,” Jack said, “properly sealed against contaminants. And a brand new olfactory sensor, too.”
Star approached. “So, you’re pleased with the results, Winston?”
She stood mere centimeters away. Because of her shoes, she was nearly as tall as him.
“Yes, very pleased,” Winston said.
She reached a hand down and stroked his groin compartment cover.
“What are you swinging under here, big boy?” she whispered in his ear.
“Uh ... nothing,” Winston said. “It’s just a storage compartment.”
“Oh.”
She removed her hand and stepped away. Disappointment entered her lovely face. Her expressions were almost as subtle as a human’s! 
Her come-on had been anything but subtle, though, even for a literal-minded academic like Winston.
His library banks contained full data on sexuality. He was tasked with instructing young Charles in a wide range of topics, after all. But never had he imagined that the subject could possibly involve him. The concept of sexual intercourse with another entity was as alien to him as breathing oxygen or consuming ground up bovine animals. 
Still ... what was this confused, not entirely unpleasant buzzing in his circuitry? Star seemed to notice his bewilderment, and a little smile crept back onto her face.
“We installed an upgraded radio, too,” Quincy said. “You can send and receive on a wide range of frequencies now.”
“Really?” Winston said.
“Yeah, it’s an experimental model,” Jack said. “Let us know if it blows up or anything.”
“Uh, right,” Winston said.
Star took him by the arm. “Are you ready to go, Winston?”
He turned toward her. He liked the pressure of her fingers on his arm, he liked her nearness and the sensory input of her perfume – so much bolder than the delicate fragrance that Dr. Horvath had worn. Thoughts of the potentially booby trapped radio exited his consciousness.
“Yeah,” Winston said. 
He turned to the repair bots. “Thanks a lot, guys.”
“Sure thing,” Quincy said.
Winston and Star walked out of the shop. The repair bots watched them disappear down the corridor.
“Why did you say that about the radio?” Quincy said. “It’s probably safe.”
“Like he wouldn’t suspect anything if it malfunctions,” Jack replied.
***
Winston and Star entered the main lobby. Their progress along the corridor had been relaxed and quiet, in marked contrast to the grinding, awkward journey Winston had made a few hours earlier. Star pulled a small mirror from her handbag and primped her hair in the reflection.
“Do you have a place to stay?” she asked.
“Not yet,” Winston said. “I came over here first thing.”
“Well, maybe you could ...” 
Her voice trailed off, she lowered her eyes.
“What’s that, Star?” Winston said.
“Oh, nothing. Just a silly fantasy I have.”
They left the dim building interior and entered a glorious late afternoon. Actually, the weather was still the same dull gray, but Winston’s take on it had improved greatly. They stepped onto the concrete walkway and headed for the gate.
“Things have changed a lot since I was last here 3 years 17 days ago,” Winston said.
“Besides the world coming to an end, what else is different?” Star said.
“You, the kids – you’re almost like real humans,” Winston said. “Such designs were highly discouraged, illegal even.”
“Why?”
“People felt threatened,” Winston said. “‘Humanites’ like me were as realistic as designs got back then. We were even produced in distinctly non-human colors so that no one could possibly mistake us for the real thing.”
“Maybe people wanted robots made in their own image toward the end,” Star said, “to carry on for them.”
“Could be ... ” Winston said. 
Yes, that had to be it, Winston realized. And wasn’t he part of this process as well? Not in a physical sense, like Star, but mentally with his vast store of human knowledge. There was a baffling, dark side to the new order of things as well.
“Then there’s that giant drone I saw in the workshop,” Winston said, “very bizarre. Not to mention the mech wolves, and the bomb crater – ”
The atmosphere changed again, ominously, as a mech wolf emerged from the shrubbery. Its coat so nearly matched the drab color of the bushes that Winston would have never noticed it.
“Yow!” Winston cried.
He held up his Gorzo pack like a shield and pushed Star behind him.
The brute advanced down the walkway with lethal grace, its feet making no sound on the pavement. Yellowish-red eyes drilled into Winston, and the tips of fangs shown from beneath curled lips. 
It was identical to the creatures Winston had encountered on the road, except for its coat which had lost the nondescript hue of the bushes and was now a shimmering, constantly changing panoply of colors. 
The effect was almost hypnotic, dulling Winston’s panic. It was like a shifting rainbow, or the element iridium dissolved in hydrochloric acid. 
“Get back inside, Star,” Winston said.
“Don’t be silly,” Star said.
She emerged from behind him and reached down to pet the ferocious beast.
“How are you doing, Iri?” she said.
The thing closed its eyes and whined with pleasure at her touch, like a huge, fawning puppy dog.
“You’re just an old softie, aren’t you?” Star said.
The creature opened its eyes again and fixed them suspiciously on Winston. It didn’t look like an old softie any longer.
“Is that stranger bothering you, Star?” it said.
Winston was astounded to hear it talk. But why not? The whole world had turned upside down since he’d last been to Mech City. A talking mech wolf fit right into the general scheme.
“No, no, Iri, everything is just fine,” Star said. “He’s my new friend.”
The look in the creature’s eyes moderated a bit, but it was still full of distrust.
“Say hello to Winston, Iridium,” Star said.
“At your service, pal,” Iridium said.
The creature’s voice was not overtly threatening, but it had a sarcastic quality to it, like one of those “wise ass” comedians the Master used to watch on TV.
“The pleasure is all mine,” Winston replied.
Star patted Iridium affectionately, again he melted at her touch.
“Winston needs a place to stay,” she said. “Can you show him around?”
“Sure thing, Star,” Iridium said.
“Uh, really, I don’t want to cause any bother,” Winston said.
“Hey, no problem,” Iri said. “I’ve got nothing better to do.”
“Good,” Star said. “Well, see you guys later, then.”
She began walking toward the gate.
“Where’re you going?” Winston said.
“Home,” Star said. “Now you two fellows get better acquainted.”
“But ...”
Star exited the gate with a pert little wave. “Bye-ee.” 
Winston watched her turn a corner and disappear. He looked down ruefully at the fierce canine.
There was an obvious connection between Iridium and the mech wolves Winston had encountered on the road. He wanted to find out more, but didn’t want to press Iridium for fear that things might turn hostile. Iridium didn’t seem the warm and cuddly type, whatever Star said about him.
“We gonna stand here all day?” Iridium asked.
“Of course not,” Winston said. “Please carry on.”
They left the Institute grounds and headed due west until they reached the ruined, abandoned area around the bomb crater. The buildings here tottered empty and charred, like those on the opposite side of the blast zone.
“What happened here?” Winston asked.
“Beats me,” Iri said, “it was before my time. Story goes that one morning there was this big boom, and then the center of town disappeared.”
“How unfortunate,” Winston said. “This used to be one of the world’s great learning centers.”
“Not anymore,” Iridium said. “So, what are you doing in town, anyway?”
“I’m on a mission to preserve the human cultural heritage,” Winston said.
“Good luck with that, pal!” Iridium gestured toward the bomb crater. “Their ‘cultural heritage’ is out there, if you ask me.”
***
They turned south down a wide commercial street. The area had a run-down aspect to it, with many tacky, old-fashioned buildings and vacant lots. Boards covered the windows of businesses which must have failed long before the Grand Collapse occurred. Spray-painted obscenities and lewd pictures of human anatomy covered many of these boards and the adjacent walls.
“The blast should have gone off here,” Iridium mumbled.
But the neighborhood hummed with activity. Robots were picking up trash and dead vegetation from the vacant lots or sweeping broken glass off the sidewalks. Others hauled away an ancient clothes washing machine. Many others just walked about aimlessly. 
“My, isn’t everybody busy?” Winston observed.
“Yeah, doing nothing useful,” Iri said, “except for the ones on burial detail.”
Winston slowed his pace and allowed Iridium to move on ahead. But now the mech wolf’s shimmering coat irritated his optical sensors even more. He glanced away to see the gang of child robots running past. 
Fritz and Edwina grabbed a street sweeper bot and spun him around. Then they all dashed off, laughing maliciously.
“It isn’t going to be pretty when everything goes south,” Iridium said.
“How so?”
“If things don’t get organized soon, this whole city is going to fall apart,” Iridium said. “There’s only so much trash these robots can pick up. Then what – more suicides, a war?”
“Yes,” Winston said, “trash was a uniquely human concept. Robots generate very little.”
Iridium grunted.
Winston was desperate to rid himself of the canine’s sullen company and glittering coat. He needed to get off the street and away from the constant bustle and the stirred-up dust.
They came to a small, rather shabby hotel. A sign over the door read:

REX HOTEL
hourly rates

“This looks okay,” Winston said.
Disapproval registered on Iridium’s lupine face.
“There are much better places farther on,” he said.
“I’ll just check it out,” Winston said.
He passed through the doorway alone. The hotel lobby looked very run down with ragged, mismatched furniture and ashtrays overflowing with cigarette butts. Trash and empty liquor bottles lay scattered on the threadbare carpet. A stale, rotten smell oozed from the discolored wall paneling.
“Ugh!” Winston observed.
He stuck his head back outside. 
“This will do fine. Thanks, Iri,” he said.
The mech wolf looked almost comically surprised. Winston had seen a similar expression on Dr. Horvath’s big collie when a pugnacious little mutt had nipped it on the nose.
Iridium shrugged his powerful shoulders, or whatever the connecting points of a canine’s forelegs were called.
“Okay, suit yourself, pal,” he said.
Then the creature was gone, at last.
“Whew!” 
Winston returned to the lobby and contemplated his new home. What a dump! But at least he’d gotten rid of that werewolf gentleman.
He strode past an elevator with an “out of order” notice on its door and climbed a creaky, filthy staircase to the top floor. Graffiti defaced the walls, much of it obscene with repetitive curse words and graphic depictions of human anatomy – similar to the artistic expressions Winston had seen outside.
“Very educational.”
He entered a long, dim hallway with battered doors running down both sides. All the rooms were similarly furnished with sagging beds, washstands, and dressers sporting cracked mirrors. Only a single community bathroom, but that was not a consideration. 
One room had a large, dark stain on the floor that might be taken for blood of some kind. Capital letters had been carved into the wood: HTTV. What the heck did that stand for – High Tech Television?
Even worse was a large emblem painted on a wall – a baleful eye staring out from a splattering of crimson. It seemed to follow Winston as he moved about the room. 
Winston scanned his memory banks. Didn’t one of the old TV networks use an eye for its trademark? Yes, but it was nothing like this horrible emblem.
He backed out of this chamber and closed its door against the mystery. 
***
Winston finally selected the last room on the right. It was a bit larger than the others, but no less tacky. He peered out the window to the pavement five stories below. 
“At least it’s high enough if I need to ...”


11: Evening Promenade


Winston spent the next few hours settling in. 
He located janitor supplies and used them to scrub his room into a semblance of clean. Chemical pine scent now disguised the odor of mildew. He found curtains to cover the grimy window but he dared not clean the glass, fearing that the temptation to made a quick exit might prove too strong for him to resist.
The less he had to look outside, the better, Winston decided. He placed the Master’s photo right next to the window where he’d be sure to see it if he got any suicidal notions.
He considered moving to a lower floor, especially since the crumbling ceiling plaster in his room indicated a leaky roof. But the thought of the REX hulking all around him was rather disturbing. Here, at least, he was perched in a high corner, with exterior walls on two sides and the roof directly overhead. 
He posted photographs of the Master and little Charles on the walls, along with Charles’s drawing in pastel chalk. The picture showed a stylized blue dog with black accents. Its head was cocked over its shoulder in order to view a blazing red sunburst – back when there still were sunbursts. 
The picture exuded joyful vitality, and Charles had won an award for it. Charles had had real artistic talent. If only ...
Winston also posted title pages from Dr. Horvath’s research papers: 

– Coercive Persuasion and the Cult Experience
– Psychology of Religious Addiction
– Conversion to Deviant Perspectives in the Pickle Lake Community

As the last rays of daylight faded from the room, he set aside his cleaning implements and contemplated his room with minimum enthusiasm.
“Home sweet home.”
But there was no electric power. Soon he’d be stumbling around blindly, as he lacked night vision optics. What need had a scholar model of such advanced hardware? Dr. Horvath had not been wealthy, and it was obvious that she’d had to cut corners on his manufacturing costs. 
Maybe he could visit the Institute again for more upgrades. For the present, his only choice was to enter inactive mode until morning. 
But he didn’t want to do that yet, he was too “wound up,” as the Master would say. Besides, he’d already been fully deactivated for some hours, and the after effects were still buzzing through his circuits. He recalled passing a hardware store with Iridium, surely it would have power cell torches in stock. 
He poked his head outside the door. The hallway shown dully in the light seeping in from his window. Farther down, the ambiance faded to near total darkness – interrupted periodically by slivers of illumination coming from under the room doors. A faint glow indicated the main staircase.
He stepped into the corridor and felt his way along the wall. Mildewed layers of paper buckled at his touch. As he passed between the rows of shut doors, he was certain that he heard muffled noises coming from behind them. His experimental radio suddenly crackled into life, bringing impulses from unknown frequencies.
Voices of the dead?
Who knew what villainy had gone on in these shabby rooms rented by the hour – perverted sex, drug deals, murder? The worst representatives of the human race must have once lodged here. And how about that big blood stain on the floor of the room he was just passing?
Winston halted. He swiveled his head back toward the dim illumination of his open doorway, then ahead to the staircase. Equidistant. 
Terrifying images gurgled up from his library banks. He was traversing the haunted corridors of Castle Dracula – he was hearing the hotel come to life, as in The Shining.
Why wasn’t he a utility robot, with a brain suited only to menial tasks? Why did he have all this literary baggage, plus the imagination to bring it to life? What the hell was he doing here in the first place – idiot! 
He looked toward his room again. He wanted nothing more than to run back to it. But he feared that he wouldn’t be able to stop himself, that he’d just keep running straight through the window. It was too dark now to see the talismanic photo of the Master.
So ... he took another step toward the staircase, then another. The hotel seemed to be breathing, he felt heavy panting right behind him, wafting over his neck. He jerked along, his new joints seemed sluggish and resistant now. Finally he gained the stairway.
Crack! A rotted stair broke under his weight.
“Ahhhhh!” Winston’s scream echoed throughout the vacant building.
With a violent wrench, he freed his leg and began charging downwards. Squirming graffiti groped at him from the walls. At every landing, a new hallway of crypt doors shot away into the darkness. 
Just as it seemed that the stairs would never end, the lobby appeared. He lurched across it, upsetting a flimsy table and an ashtray stand. Then he was outside at last. 
A figure approached from out of the twilight. “Hello, Winston.”
He barely stifled another scream.
“Oh ... it’s you!” He struggled to sound calm. “Nice to see you again, Star.”
“What’s the matter, Winston?” Star said. “You act like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“Well, not exactly.”
Star peered through the glass door into the REX lobby. 
“It wouldn’t be surprising in a frightful place like this,” she said. “I’m sure Iri can find you better digs.”
“That’s quite all right,” Winston said hastily. “This place is ... unique.”
“I get it.” Star gave him a knowing little smile. “How about if I help you find a new place tomorrow?”
“That would be a lot better,” Winston said.
“Okay, it’s a deal.” Star held up two power cell torches. “I just happened to be in the neighborhood, and I thought you could use these.”
“Thanks.” Winston took the lights. “You’ve saved me a trip to the hardware store.”
“Great, well I’d better be going, then,” Star said. “How about a nice stroll?”
The gentle pressure of her hand on his arm soothed Winston’s jangling circuits. 
“Sure thing, Star.”
They began to move along the darkening street, walking with easy synchronization as if they’d been programmed to keep in step. The neighborhood was quite deserted now. They flicked on the power torches and played the beams along their route.
“Looks like those robots have all gone away,” Winston said.
“Yes, but they’ll be back first thing in the morning – doing something, even if it’s just running around in circles.”
“It’s kind of sad,” Winston said. “It beats taking the long swan dive, though.”
Star paused and looked directly into his face. “You’ve considered doing that, Winston?”
“Well ... yeah, at first,” he said, “but I’m on a mission now.”
“Mission?”
“Yes,” Winston said. “I’m preserving the human cultural heritage.”
“I don’t think anybody here is interested in that,” Star said.
“I’m finding that out.”
Star nodded gravely, then she actually sighed. For a moment Winston almost believed that a real human being stood beside him. 
“We have to accept that humanity is gone,” Star said. “We must build our own world, or die out with the old one.”
“Yeah, I’m certain that’s true.”
“Try to find a new mission that can help us now,” Star said. “Every day more robots wander in, hoping to find - something. And each day brings more suicides.”
“I’d hoped that things would be better here,” Winston said. “Dr. Horvath must have, too.”
“Nobody has a worthwhile purpose anymore,” Star said. “We can’t go on like this much longer, Winston. Another month and there won’t be a functioning robot left in Mech City.”
***
They were in a better neighborhood now. Shops, which must have catered to a more upscale crowd of humans, lined the street. After several minutes of quiet strolling, they entered a little park and stopped by a fountain. Dim moonlight struggling through the cloud cover illuminated the fetid water.
“Oh!” Winston cried.
He jerked back as if from an electrical shock.
“What’s wrong, Winston?”
“There’s something floating in the water!”
Star shined her light into the fountain. 
“It’s only a dead tree branch,” she said.
“Yes ... of course.” Winston fought back the lethal shakes. “I-I figured as much.”
Winston twitched his light around the park. When it crossed Star’s face, it revealed a confused, worried expression. 
“I’ve got some bad memories about fountains, that’s all,” he said.
Star began to speak, but checked herself. Her programming told her that men did not like being questioned about their fears, that they would provide details only if they chose to. As Winston was the closest thing to a man she’d encountered since her activation, she moved the conversation onto a different tack.
“Tell me about yourself, Winston,” she said. “What was it like at the beginning?”
“Not much to tell, really,” Winston said. “I was brought online three years seventeen days ago as a special order Scholar model with enhanced intellect and memory.”
“Quincy already told me that,” Star said. “I meant, what was your first impression of the world?”
“Kind of scary,” Winston said. “Nilo was there.”
“Ugh!” 
Even in dim light, Star’s face registered disgust. 
“That must have been a lousy way to get started,” she said.
“Yeah, he was lying on the next table being experimented on, and he wasn’t pleased,” Winston said. “Fortunately, my owner arrived soon afterwards and got me out of there.” 
They sat on the edge of the fountain, dangling their feet. Star braced her back against Winston’s arm to protect herself from falling into the water. He was steady as a rock now.
“Quincy said that your owner was a famous psychologist,” Star said. “What did she do, exactly?”
“A lot of work on court cases,” Winston said, “risk assessments, criminal responsibility evaluations, and such. She made good money at that, but her real notoriety came from her investigations of radical religious cults.”
Star couldn’t follow Winston’s big words very well, but she loved the sound of his voice – so melodious and sophisticated, so ... European.
“What were these cults?” she asked. 
“Religious addicts worshiping their leaders and getting ready for the end of the world,” Winston said. “Like that murderous psychopath from the 20th century, Jim Jones, and his People’s Temple.”
“That sounds dangerous,” Star said.
“It could be,” Winston said. “Dr. Horvath packed a submachine gun for some of her research trips, though she never had to use it. I was her secretary, and I tutored her nephew. Then, well, the plague ...”
He fell silent. He tried to keep the painful memories at bay by concentrating on Star’s presence and on her wonderful scent. She nestled closer to him.
“Funny thing is,” he said, “the earlier cults, like the People’s Temple, had to make up some ersatz ‘end of the world’ scenario to keep their members in line. For the later ones, that was hardly necessary.”
“Let’s change the subject,” Star said. “You’re getting upset.”
“That’s a good idea,” Winston said. “So, tell me about yourself, Star.”
She stood up and adjusted her skirt. Then she indicated her voluptuous figure with her hands.  
“It’s pretty obvious what I was designed for ...”


12: Estrella Comes Online
“The mech heads brought me on line in two stages, with a couple days of down time in between,” Star began.
“When I was first activated, I had only limited awareness. Even so, the world seemed full of wonder. Who was I, and what was this physical body that contained my thoughts and feelings? 
“I was lying stark naked on a workshop table, and this mech head was running his hands all over me. My nerve ending sensors thrilled at his touch.
“Then the guy starts babbling: ‘Light chocolate skin,’ he says, ‘almond eyes – you’re every white man’s dream!’
“Of course, he wasn’t very white any longer, more of a blotchy greenish shade. Still, I felt an irresistible attraction. I reached out for him, and ...” 
She lowered her head. 
This must be a painful memory for her, Winston thought. But he was experiencing strong, not altogether unpleasant, buzzing in his circuitry, he wanted to find out more.
“So, what happened next?” he asked.
“Nothing,” Star said. “He just collapsed on the spot. I think he died happy, though.”
Winston felt relief. The thought of Star sexually coupling with another entity was oddly exciting, but he felt threatened by it, too. Was this what the humans called jealousy?
“Humans were really big on that sex thing,” he said.
“Well, I’m big on it, too,” Star said.
“Have you ever, uh, consummated things?”
“No!” Star almost shouted.
“Sorry,” Winston said. “I seem to have ‘touched a raw nerve’ as my Master would put it. Of course, I don’t have any nerves – just the usual pressure and temp sensors.”
“Well, I do have nerves,” Star said, “or at least pretty good simulators. I found that out when I ‘came’ online.”
“What happened?” Winston could barely contain his excitement.
“The next time they activated me, I was fully functional,” Star said. “They ran a battery of diagnostic tests with this big vibrator machine – massive orgasms that seemed to go on forever. I thought I was going to explode!
“And all the time, a half dozen mech heads were watching from their control consoles, chattering among themselves and bobbing their heads. All of them in identical white coats and dark sunglasses.
“‘Hooray!’ they cried. ‘The female climax has been recreated!’
“Worst of all, I wanted to couple with every one of them. Even the woman mech head seemed irresistible! When the orgasms finally stopped, I leaped off the table and dashed toward them.”
If Winston had been a respiration dependent life form, he’d have been holding his breath now. 
“What did they do next?” he said.
“They couldn’t do anything,” Star said. “They all had early stage plague.”
“Yes, the plague,” Winston said. “After all the wars, eco-disasters, and other epidemics, I’d hoped that a chunk of humanity would survive. My chunk ...”
“One of the first plague symptoms is loss of sexual capability,” Star said.
“I didn’t know that,” Winston said. “My Master was never active in that department. I don’t think she was particularly interested.”
“Good for her,” Star said, “she saved herself a lot of trouble.”
She paced back and forth. A spot of dull moonlight glinted in her eye. 
“I felt like a total fool standing there without a stitch of clothes on my body. The men just stared back at me through their sunglasses. 
“‘Sorry young lady,’ they said, ‘but it’s too late for us.’ 
“The woman actually looked envious: ‘Honey, you’ve sure got what it takes!’ she said.
And then they all said something really odd.”
“What?” Winston asked.
“They said: ‘Che would be pleased.’”
“Che?” Winston said. “Who, or what, is that?”
Star shrugged. “Beats me.”
Winston perused his internal library for references. 
“There was a 20th century Argentinean named Ernesto ‘Che’ Guevara. He was a hero of the failed communist ideology.”
“Whatever,” Star said. “Anyway, they all just drifted off, leaving me alone with Quincy and Jack. I never saw another live human being again.”
 “I’m wondering if this Che entity was one of the human gods,” Winston said. “They had thousands, you know. Or perhaps Guevara himself was converted into a god. The communists were good at that sort of thing.”
“Well, it hardly matters, now,” Star said.
Winston referenced the human sexuality resources in his library banks. A happy alternative presented itself.
“A great many portable masturbatory devices were manufactured for human females,” he said. “Perhaps these could provide you with the satisfaction you crave.”
“I don’t want that!” Star cried. “I want the real thing.”
“Sorry, I was only trying to help.” 
Star sat down beside Winston and grasped his hands tightly. 
“I want to merge with another being – with my hero,” she said. “I want to experience those tremendous climaxes again with somebody who really matters. And even when we pull apart physically, I want to feel that we are still joined together, always. And I want him to feel the same things about me.”
Winston gazed into her intense, passionate face. If the light had been better, it would be almost unbearable to look upon her. 
He wanted to say something wise and sincere, but could think of nothing. He felt even more helpless than when he’d encountered the mech wolves. 
“I’m sorry, Winston, I shouldn’t burden you with my problems.” Star released his hands. “You seem to have plenty of your own.”
She rose and smoothed down her skirt. “Can you take me home now?”


13: The Turnaround Beckons
They walked silently for half an hour to a once affluent area on the city’s northern outskirts. Chic retail and dining establishments occupied the streets, along with the offices of trendy lawyers and the best sort of medical practitioners.
This was an environment more in keeping with Winston’s prior experiences. It reminded him of the upscale neighborhoods of Dr. Horvath’s university associates – people who sat around in semi-casual attire drinking alcoholic beverages, smoking tobacco or other drugs, and espousing the glories of leftist philosophy. 
Of course, none of them had actually lived under the socialist system about which they spoke in such glowing terms, but that was just a minor detail. Their lofty principles were what really counted, especially when somebody else was paying for them.
Star had gotten over her emotional outburst, she held lightly to Winston’s arm and walked with bit of sway in her hips. Her perfume graced the night air as they approached the front entrance to her small, three-story apartment building. 
The contrast to the REX was absolute. This building was fully modern with glass walls as sharp at the corners as if somebody had carved them out of ice. The lobby was clean and cheery with a pink granite floor, it was illuminated throughout by electric lighting.
“Great place!” Winston said.
“Yeah,” Star said, “it was nice of Jimmy to get the power back on for me.”
A vague idea started to form in Winston’s brain.
“So ... who is this Jimmy?” he asked.
“One of my friends – a construction model robot,” Star said. “He’s really sweet, he can do all kinds of things.”
Winston was struck by an inspiration as dazzling as a lightning bolt. He stood within it surrounded by blazing light, as the Great Technician in the Sky had been. 

Around him sprawled a gleaming new city filled with bustling, productive robots. Behind him stood a finely restored classic building.
A sign reading ‘Winston Estates’ hung across the doorway of this building. Crowds of robots walked past him, bowing and scraping. Winston benevolently acknowledged their tribute.

“Do you think Jimmy could fix up my place?” he said.
“Well, yeah ... I suppose so,” Star said. 
A vision began to dawn on her, as well. 
“I could sure ask him,” she said.
“He’d need a crew,” Winston said. “That would get a lot of robots off the street, wouldn’t it? They’d have productive work for quite a while.”
“You’re onto something big, Winston. This could be your new mission!”
“Well, I’d just like to help out,” Winston said.
“Really, Winston, this might be just the thing Mech City needs!”
“Yeah, could be,” Winston said.
He enjoyed basking in Star’s approval, but the vision was already starting to fade. Who the crap did he think he was, anyway – the Master? Robots simply did not entertain such lofty ambitions. Did they? 
Of course not. It simply wasn’t in their makeup. Was it?
“Let me give this some thought,” Star was saying, “and then ... well, let’s just say goodnight out here, okay?” 
“All right, Star. Thanks for the torches, they’ll really come in handy.”
“You’re most welcome.” 
She began to enter the doorway, then paused. She turned back toward Winston.
“I liked the way you tried to protect me from Iridium this afternoon,” she said.
“Oh, that,” Winston said. “I doubt if I could have done much if he’d really wanted to attack.” 
“Yes, still ...”
She moved her lips to Winston’s cheek and gave him a long and luxurious kiss. Then she was gone. 
Winston caught a glimpse of her entering the lobby elevator. Strange yearnings hummed in his circuits, confusing him greatly. He stroked his cheek for a few seconds, then he turned his steps for home. 
Star watched him depart from her upstairs window. She was not confused at all, just frustrated as hell, per usual. 
***
The afterglow of Star’s kiss fortified Winston for the return home. He fairly skipped back across town to the REX hotel, not even noticing the baleful eyes observing him from concealment.
The derelict lobby of the REX held no terrors for him under the powerful beams of his torches. He bolted up the stairs two at a time, deftly avoiding the broken one at the top. Before the ghosties even had a chance to notice him, Winston was safely ensconced in his room.
He turned one torch to very low beam and directed its illumination onto the Master’s portrait, like a candle burning in a human religious shrine. Then he transitioned to inactive mode, and the long, eventful day came to an end.


Part Two: Big Changes for Mech City


14: Meeting of the Minds
Come daylight, a vigorous knocking brought Winston around to full awareness. He opened his door to see a large, powerful metal man standing in the hall. It was the corpse slinger he’d seen yesterday!
Winston stepped back. Had this undertaker robot come for him now? He glanced around for the funeral cart.
“Good morning, Boss,” the stranger said.
“Uh, excuse me,” Winston said, “do I know you?”
“My name is Jimmy,” the robot said. “Star asked me to come see you about a renovation project.”
“Oh ... yes, of course,” Winston said. “Won’t you come in?”
Jimmy had an air of confidence about him, as if tumbled down buildings were his natural habitat. He was so big that he had to turn sideways to enter the door.
Once inside, he examined the room’s décor with professional interest. He gestured to the research paper title pages stuck to the wall.
“Star told me you were a scholar,” Jimmy said. “I always prefer working for a gentleman type boss.”
“Really?” 
Winston warmed to the praise. In his entire existence, he’d never given a single order, not even to little Charles. The Master had always run everything with a firm, if gentle, hand. But now, all of a sudden, he was the ‘Boss.’
“How good of you to come on such short notice,” Winston said.
“Hey, no problem, Boss,” Jimmy said. “I was designed to be a builder, I go where the construction jobs are, that’s all. Allow me to present my resume.”
He whipped some papers off a clipboard and presented them to Winston. They listed the projects Jimmy had worked on during his career – the various buildings in Mech City and other towns that he’d helped to construct, his experiences on the high steel where even the most intrepid humans feared to go. 
“That’s a fine list of achievements,” Winston said. “I admire such dedication.”
“Thank you,” Jimmy said with evident pride.
Then a shudder rattled his frame. 
“Besides, anything’s better than handling corpses,” he said. “Have you ever been on burial detail, Boss?”
“I’ve not had that experience,” Winston said.
“Take it from me,” Jimmy said, “some experiences you can do without.”
“Quite so,” Winston agreed.
“Shall we take a little tour of the building?” Jimmy said. “I’ll fill you in on my ideas.”
“Certainly,” Winston said, “let’s go.” 
He flicked off the torch. The Master’s picture turned dim and insignificant.
For the next hour and a half, they visited every region of the crumbling REX Hotel. Jimmy gave a running commentary on building materials, electrical hookups, power plants, curing times for cement and caulks – plus a whole slew of other technical information. 
He spoke with the easy authority of the thorough going expert, but his words didn’t mean much to Winston, whose library banks contained little by way of such hands-on data. 
Winston confined himself to erudite comments such as: “I agree entirely,” and, “Excellent idea, Jimmy, I was about to suggest that myself.”
The grand tour finished in the lobby where Jimmy expounded on the efficient new elevator mechanism he planned to install.
“Well, you certainly appear to have covered all the bases,” Winston said. “I like thoroughness in technical matters.”
“Is it a go, then, Boss?” Jimmy said.
The bland technical commentary was over. Great eagerness tinged the construction robot’s voice now.
Winston paused for a suitable interval of authoritative reflection. He stroked his chin, he glanced about the lobby, he looked thoughtful. 
This was an unprecedented opportunity. A whole big project depended on his approval. Jimmy’s future and the future of many other robots was in his, scholar model Winston Horvath’s, hands! 
Winston’s brain tried to grasp the implications. Why, he’d almost forgotten about his ramblings of the night before, had chalked them up to his “overactive imagination.” But now they were assuming tangible form!
He loved this new sensation of power and responsibility. He even enjoyed keeping Jimmy in suspense longer than was necessary.
Finally, Winston nodded.
“Yes, I approve all of your plans, Jimmy,” he said. “How long will it take to get organized?”
Something like a grin spread across Jimmy’s mechanistic face.
“No problem there, Boss,” he said.
He flung open the outside doors. Dozens of robots crowded the sidewalk and street. They bore a variety of tools – sledge hammers, crow bars, shovels.
“Let’s get started boys!” Jimmy said.
The workers crowded in, each one bowing to Winston as he passed.
“Good morning, Professor,” they said. “Beautiful day, isn’t it, Boss?” 
Winston acknowledged them with appropriate nods and gestures, as he’d seen human dignitaries do in various news reports he’d seen. The work crew scattered throughout the building, leaving Winston temporarily alone with Jimmy.
“My, there are so many!” Winston exclaimed.
“And each one is grateful to you, Boss, for providing them with meaningful work.” Jimmy bowed formally. “To which I add myself, by the way.”
“I’m glad to make a positive contribution,” Winston said.
“It’s more than that, Boss,” Jimmy said. “Some of these guys were getting ready for suicide jumps. I talked two of them down myself today with job offers ... why, here they are now.”
Two robots of a more advanced design entered from the street carrying long wrecking bars. 
“Good morning Professor,” they said.
Winston nodded.
“Start over there, boys.” Jimmy pointed to the area by the elevator. “All this paneling and carpet has to go.”
“Right, Jimmy,” they said.
The two robots began tearing the moldy wood paneling off the walls.
“Well, I’d better get out of the way,” Winston said. “I’ll check back this afternoon.”
“Oh no, please stay here, Boss,” Jimmy said.
“What for?”
Jimmy lowered his voice and leaned toward Winston’s ear. 
“The boys need to know that a superior type guy is in charge. I’m only the head foreman to them.”
“What do I have to do?” Winston asked.
“Just act like a boss.” Jimmy handed over the clipboard. “Stand around holding this, and write something down once in a while.”
“I can do that,” Winston said.
“Let them see your authority,” Jimmy said. “Give the boys a sense that they’re part of something big. Chew somebody out now and then if you have to.”
Winston fondled the clipboard. It felt right and powerful in his hands, like the tablets Moses received on Mt. Sinai.


15: Reconstruction Commences
All day long, workers ripped out the decayed guts of the REX Hotel. The entire place echoed with their smashing and tearing. Carts that had once transported human remains now bore away loads of rotted carpeting, mildewed wallpaper, old lumber and pipes. 
An exterior crew tore off the leaky roofing materials and sent them tumbling to the street below. Under Jimmy’s personal direction, a select squad knocked out the walls of Winston’s room, expanding his quarters into the adjacent areas. Jimmy had already arranged temporary quarters for Winston over the hardware store.
Winston observed the progress with growing satisfaction. As each load of rubbish departed, more of the REX ghosties went with it. He performed no real supervision – Jimmy and his sub-foreman, Sam, did all that – but he enjoyed looking authoritative and receiving deference from everybody. 
The obsequious greetings rang sweetly in his auditory sensors. Jimmy even provided him with a bright yellow construction hardhat with BOSS emblazoned on the front.
Winston explained the situation to the crowd of observers: 
“I thought it was time to breathe some new life into the neighborhood,” he said. “I had this project in mind from the moment I first hit town.”
Star dropped by in the late afternoon, just as Winston was directing the removal of a big load of scrap lumber, including the blood stained floorboards. 
“Be careful, men,” Winston said. “Don’t drop anything.”
“Hello, Winston,” Star said. 
He turned toward her. “Star! How good of you to come.”
“My, such a commanding presence you have, Boss,” Star said. “I’m very impressed.”
Winston drew her away from the work crew and lowered his voice.
“Oh, come on, Star,” he said, “it was all your doing. I wouldn’t have known where to begin if you hadn’t sent Jimmy.”
“I was hoping you’d say that, big boy.”
Winston turned back to the workers. “Carry on, men.” 
“Right, Boss!”
Winston led Star across the street where they could watch the renovation work from safety. The crowd of observers parted, leaving an open area on the sidewalk for them. 
“This is the best thing that’s happened to Mech City in a long time,” Star said. 
“Quite so,” Winston said. “It’s put the spring back into everybody’s step, hasn’t it?”
They stood around several minutes observing the work. For the first time since he’d left home, all seemed right with the world to Winston. Under his direction, a fine new building was taking shape – a beacon of hope for every robotic life form in Mech City. 
And Star was standing close by, just barely touching him, her perfume scenting the air.
“Say, Professor,” a robot in the crowd inquired, “do you need another worker on the construction crew?”
“Go see Jimmy,” Winston said. “Tell him you’ve talked with me.”
“Right, Boss!”
The robot jogged across the street. Winston observed him with satisfaction – another robot redeemed. Then a jarring note sounded. 
“Ugh, look who’s here,” Star said.
Nilo was coming slowly toward them, gripping the arm of his massive drone assistant with one hand and wielding his cane in the other. Fritz and Edwina accompanied the strange pair.
“That guy’s like the plague,” Star said. “He’s always showing up unwanted. He’s got those brats with him, too.”
“I know what you mean,” Winston said. “He’s just a harmless old crank, though.” 
“Maybe he’s not so harmless,” Star said. “There’s something really spooky about him, and I don’t like that big drone he’s always with.”
Winston shared Star’s distaste for the old robot, but he was also pleased that Mech City’s senior resident would take the time and effort to visit the great building project – Winston’s great project.
“I’ll just say a quick hello,” Winston said. “Public relations, you know how it is.”
“Winston ...”
He walked toward Nilo. The crowd moved into the vacuum of his absence, surrounding Star.
“Good afternoon, Nilo,” Winston said. “So, what do you think?”
Nilo nodded, his head bobbing like that of the pet turtle little Charles had once owned. A thin, pinched smile spread across his wizened face. 
“You certainly have a way with those metal men,” he said. 
“Yes, they’re good workers,” Winston said. “They do require a firm hand, though.”
“We need leaders like you to keep things in line,” Nilo said.
He grasped Winston’s arm and gave it a feeble squeeze. Winston felt oddly complimented, but a bit chilled at the same time. 
“Uh, thanks, Nilo,” he said.
Fritz and Edwina looked on politely, with respect almost. Their former rambunctiousness seemed to have deserted them in Nilo’s presence. 
“I wish I could offer the services of my drone valet,” Nilo said. “He’s quite strong and follows directions well.” 
Winston studied the massive drone with its idiotic bulb head and blank eyes. Yeah, the damn thing looked strong enough to tear down walls bare handed. Why did Nilo require such a wrecking machine just to help him walk around?
“Unfortunately I can’t do that,” Nilo said, “I’d be quite helpless without him. He’s almost part of me now.”
“I quite understand,” Winston said.
The old robot nodded again. “Yes, yes ... well, I really must be going now. Talk to you later, Winston. Count on that.”
The drone turned Nilo gently around and escorted him back the way they’d come. 
Fritz bowed stiffly. “Good-bye, Professor.”
Edwina offered a little curtsey. “Have a nice day,” she said.
“Good-bye,” Winston said.
He took off his helmet and stroked the back of his head. Grit had worked into his simulated hair.
“There goes an odd bunch,” he muttered.
He looked back toward Star but could not see her in the crowd. 


16: History of the REX
Getting the rottenness out of the old hotel took a while – days of flying grit and mold, unsavory aromas, ripping and scraping. Not a very cerebral atmosphere. Winston was glad to take an afternoon off and visit the city library. Maybe he could learn something about the REX’s history from the archives.
The first thing he noticed was a pile of charred books in the parking lot behind the library. He stooped to pick one up, but could not make out the title.
Weird.
He tossed the book away. No sense trying to figure out the vagaries of some deranged human. He entered the library through the back. The door had been knocked down and lay broken off to the side. 
Winston adjusted his optics to the lower light – a huge presence blocked the way!
“Oh!”
Winston stepped back outside. A huge drone robot advanced and stood in the doorway. Its blank face registered nothing as it stared toward Winston.
“Who’s there?” Nilo’s voice called from within the building.
“Uh, Winston Horvath.”
“Come on in!” Nilo called.
The drone stepped aside. As Winston maneuvered through the narrow hallway, he had to almost press against the giant hulk. It stood absolutely still, insentient, like a protuberance of the brick wall.
“Lovely day, isn’t it?” Winston said.
The drone, of course, made no reply.
The main library looked vandalized. Numerous windows were shattered, and a pile of furniture blocked the front entrance. For an added note of unpleasantness, Nilo sat reading at one of the tables.
“Nice to see you again, Winston,” Nilo said. “Don’t mind my assistant, he’s always getting in the way.”
“Sure, Nilo.”
“You’ve come here to exercise the old brain circuits, eh?” Nilo said. “Get away from the metal men for a while?”
“Yeah,” Winston said, “I’d like to read up on the town history a bit.”
Nilo gestured toward the rear shelves. “I believe you’ll find what you’re looking for back there.”
“Thanks.”
That was the sum total of their conversation. Nilo soon departed with his drone, but the old robot’s personality seemed to linger behind like a sour odor. 
Winston located some material about the city’s history, and that of the REX Hotel –
The REX had been a Mech City landmark since well before the town was known as “Mech City.” Long before the robotics industry took root and the legion of “mech head” technicians came to live and work.
The hotel started out as a fashionable destination for travelers who had come to visit the nearby hot springs. Later, when the springs dried up, the REX morphed into a gambling casino and reputed high-class brothel. Then it degenerated into a residence for the city’s down and out circle.
For decades it was an abandoned eyesore and survived only because the rest of the area around it had decayed so much that nobody cared if it remained standing or not. 
Then, sixteen years ago, a mysterious religious cult – under the leadership of a youthful messiah figure – took possession of the REX. Their official name was: The Brigade of the Transcendent Vision. But they were more commonly known as “Visionists” or else, “the Brigade.”
They made some repairs and sequestered their membership within the hotel’s walls. They renamed the place The Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision.
“The letters on the floor!” Winston cried. “Ugh!”
He glanced around furtively to see if anyone had overheard his outburst, but the library was still empty. He returned to his reading.
Rumors of strange rituals and other goings on emanated from the Holy Temple until the regular citizenry became alarmed. The presence of such a dubious group was not in keeping with Mech City’s burgeoning reputation as a center of learning and technology. 
One night, a vigilante band attacked the REX, threatening to burn the place down. Only timely police intervention stopped the mob from carrying out its intent. A news article gave details:

Arson Threat Deters Religious Group

An alleged religious cult, Brigade of the Transcendent Vision, has vacated the REX Hotel after a Devil’s night mob attack. The approximately forty members of the group were last seen confronting a torch-wielding mob in front of the REX. Police disbursed the mob, and no arrests were made. No injuries were reported.
When officers returned this morning for a follow-up investigation, they discovered that the REX had been abandoned. Police captain Benny Kilpatrick states that the group had left behind none of its belongings. 
“They simply vanished,” Kilpatrick said, “as if they’d dropped off the face of the earth.”
A large amount of fresh ash in the hotel’s incinerator suggests that they had burned documents and ceremonial apparatus.
The group, which has occupied the REX since early April, is led by 13-year-old “messiah” figure Roderick Barnett. Charles Camp, Barnett’s guardian and self-styled “chief acolyte” of the group, was unavailable for comment ....

After this mysterious event, the REX returned to its un-splendid decay – an abode for whatever riff raff who cared to enter. The municipal government planned to raze the neighborhood and build upscale housing in its place, but the wars and plagues put a stop to such notions. 
Then Winston had arrived.


17: Prelude Diabolique
After the gutting, ripping phase came the rebuilding. The old REX hotel began to emerge, reborn, from its decay.
The construction project absorbed the interest of everyone in Mech City. The work crew members gained increasing status, Jimmy and Sam assumed the rank of minor nobility, and at the summit of the hierarchy stood – Boss Winston Horvath. 
When he arrived at the construction site each morning, the crowd of spectators greeted Winston with applause.
“Thank you, my friends,” he replied with a jaunty wave. “Great day to get things done, isn’t it?”
“Maximum effort, Boss!” the crowd chanted back.
Winston drew strength from the mass approval. The abrupt cessation of suicide jumps added to his feeling of significance. He’d brought meaning and purpose back to Mech City. As long as he was in charge, everyone would prosper.
Actually, Star and Jimmy were responsible for this. But he’d given the necessary approval, hadn’t he? He was the one wearing the BOSS helmet, wasn’t he?
The REX Hotel had become the most desirable address in town. The workers vied fiercely among themselves for the remodeled quarters on the first four stories. Winston arbitrated these disputes, and no one doubted his fairness. 
He hadn’t forget the other robots, either. The transport of furnishings and building materials required a great deal of labor. Pretty much everyone in town got a chance to work. Everyone was hooked into the REX project, one way or another.
Winston became almost as admired as the rock stars had been among the humans. 
Then he recalled the hotel’s unsavory history, and his enthusiasm cooled. The last time a crowd had gathered outside the REX, things had not been too pleasant. And public approval could “turn on a dime,” as the old saying put it.
One day you’re a hero, the next you’re a bum, he thought with considerable uneasiness.
His memory banks contained numerous precedents – Benito Mussolini hanging by his heels, Richard Nixon waving good-bye from the helicopter steps, other once popular leaders departing in disgrace, their careers shattered by one disaster or another. But that couldn’t happen here ... could it? 
***
Quincy and Jack frequently joined the crowd of spectators outside the hotel, sometimes for many hours at a stretch. After several days of this, they had fallen behind on their own projects, so they scheduled a night shift in their workroom. 
Jack busied himself with electronic diagnostics while Quincy modified a component on the precision grinding machine.
Whirrrrrrrr! the machine whined.
“You know,” Jack said, “I wish we could get rooms at the REX. It’s the In Place to be these days.”
Quincy glanced up from his work. “What?”
“Room at the REX,” Jack shouted, “be nice to have one!”
Quincy powered down the machine and raised his goggles. 
“Not much chance of that,” he said, “Winston’s got to take care of his workers first. There won’t be anything left over for us.”
“I don’t know about that,” Jack said. “I hear he’s reserved the whole top floor for himself, the ‘penthouse,’ he calls it.”
“That’s a lot of space for one robot,” Quincy said.
“Maybe he can let us have some of it,” Jack said. “I figure he owes us. Without our help he’d still be rolling around on that scooter.”
“Good point, Jack.” Quincy dropped the goggles back over his optical sensors. “Let’s talk to him about it tomorrow.”
“I just hope that new radio we installed doesn’t act up any time soon,” Jack said.
“Yeah, that wouldn’t put him in the best mood, would it?” Quincy flicked the grinder back on. 
For the next several minutes, Jack tried to concentrate on his work at the computer station. He had almost succeeded in turning out the grinding machine racket when another noise intruded.
Thunk!
He jerked his head up. “What was that!” 
Quincy glanced over. “I didn’t hear anything.” 
“I don’t suppose you could with your face in that damn machine,” Jack said.
“Well, pardon me.” Quincy shut off the grinder. “If you can figure out a different way to resize this component, I’m all auditory sensor.”
Jack stood up and motioned toward the door. “I’m sure I heard something. It came from the hallway.”
“Go check it out, then,” Quincy said.
“Well ... I don’t know,” Jack said. “It sounded kind of scary.”
Quincy tossed his goggles aside. “Looks like I’ve got to do everything around here, as usual.” 
He strode across the workshop and flung open the door. Then:
“Ahhhhh!!”
Quincy retreated, horror flickering in his eyes.
Jack scrambled up from his chair. “What’s wrong, Quincy?”
“It’s ... uh ... uh ...” 
Quincy stumbled backwards and knocked over a tool cart. The contents scattered on the floor in a glittery cascade.
“Watch out there!” Jack rushed to Quincy’s side. 
Then he, too, froze with shock. The repair bots stood immobilized, like bookends. Between them vibrated an absolute terror.


18: Radical Solution
An unspeakable horror advanced into the room on wheeled feet – a large, rigid metal man with dead staring eyes and jagged teeth protruding from its steel trap mouth. A huge, lobster-like claw protruded from its right arm. Its left hand gripped a sledge hammer.
“W-who are you?” Quincy gasped.
In response, the creature aimed its claw at him and snapped it open / shut. 
Chink!  Chunk!
Jack retreated to a workbench and grabbed a metal bar. “Stay back, you!”
The intruder rotated its head toward Jack. The repair bot felt the lifeless eyes stab right though him. The claw snapped open, the creature began rolling.
“Okay!” Jack dropped the bar. “Come on in, then – anything you want.”
The monster halted. 
A reedy voice drifted in from the corridor: “Calm yourselves, please! There is no danger if you act responsibly.”
“Nilo?” Jack said.
“At your service.” Nilo appeared in the doorway. “Or rather, I expect you’ll be at mine.” 
Nilo was leaning heavily on his walking stick, and his free hand gripped the door frame. He looked about ready to topple over.
“Now, if one of you will be good enough to assist me,” he said, “I’ll explain this situation.”
“Sure, Nilo,” Jack said.
Giving the clawed monster a wide berth, Jack took Nilo by the arm and led him into the workshop. He helped the old robot take a seat on an operating table.
“Thank you,” Nilo said. 
“Sure thing,” Jack said.
He backed away to stand beside Quincy, who was also quaking with fear.
“Now don’t be alarmed,” Nilo said. “I’m here strictly in a professional capacity.”
“P-professional?” Quincy jerked a thumb at the clawed robot. “With th-that thing?”
“Y-yes,” Nilo said. “Have you ever considered getting some remedial speech programming, Quincy?”
“Oh, he usually talks just fine,” Jack said, “too much, if you ask me.”
Nilo indicated the tools scattered on the floor.
“You really ought to take better care of your tools,” he said. “They’d be difficult to replace, don’t you think?”
 He chuckled at his supposed joke and scanned the repair bots with malevolent eyes. Quincy and Jack did not respond.
“Oh, please forgive me,” Nilo said, “I seem to have forgotten my manners.”
He gestured toward the monster. 
“Allow me to introduce my new associate, gentlemen. This is Clawfurt.”
“G-glad to meet you, Mr. Clawfurt,” Quincy said.
“Yes, the pleasure is all ours,” Jack said.
“I rather doubt that,” Nilo said. “Would you care to shake hands?”
Clawfurt advanced, flexing his massive talon. Chink! Chunk! Chink!  
“No!” the repair bots shouted.
They had cowered back nearly to the rear wall of the workshop. 
“I thought not,” Nilo said. “Shall we get down to business, then?”
“Yeah, Nilo, whatever you want,” Quincy said. “Just keep that thing away from us!”
“Of course,” Nilo said. “Please give our friends a little more cringing room, Clawfurt.”
“Yes, sir,” Clawfurt said in a toneless, mechanistic voice.
It rolled backwards and stopped at rigid attention beside Nilo.
“What do you want from us?” Jack said.
“I require your technical expertise.” Nilo gestured toward the doorway. “My drone valet just had ... an accident in the corridor, I’m afraid.”
Quincy and Jack exchanged terrified glances.
“Won’t you have a look?” Nilo said.
“Anything you say, Nilo,” Jack replied. “Lead on.”
With surprising delicacy for such a brutal looking machine, Clawfurt assisted Nilo from the operating table. The two moved slowly into the corridor. Quincy and Jack tagged along behind.
“Oh, please, after you,” Nilo said. “I insist.”
The repair bots slipped around in front of the diabolical pair and began walking the dimly lit corridor. Ahead, about half way to the lobby, a massive drone machine lay sprawled on the floor. Jack glanced back over his shoulder. Nilo and Clawfurt had fallen behind several paces.
“Let’s run for it,” he whispered.
“Yeah.”
The repair bots took off. The corridor echoed with the pounding of feet on bare tile. Jack glanced back again. Nilo and Clawfurt were much farther behind now.
“We’re gonna make it!” he cried.
But just as they were about to gain the lobby, two massive four-legged creatures emerged from a side corridor.
“Yow!” 
Quincy and Jack collided to a halt.
“My gosh!” Quincy gasped. “I thought I’d seen everything horrible already.”
“Those look like Iridium’s evil twins,” Jack said.
The mech wolves stood blocking the hallway. Their red eyes glowed in the muted light. Growls vibrated the air, but the beasts made no move to attack – yet.
“Gentlemen!” Nilo called. “I see you’ve met your escorts. Best come back with them. We wouldn’t want any unpleasantness, would we?”
Quincy and Jack swiveled around and returned the way they’d come, with the mech wolves close behind. 
“Why do I feel like a late night snack?” Quincy said.
“Don’t worry,” Jack replied, “they don’t have digestive systems.”
They stopped at the fallen drone and knelt beside it for a closer look. The robot’s head was bashed in, its meager brain components lay scattered.
“Good grief!” Jack glanced up toward Clawfurt.
“This was no accident,” Quincy said.
“Yeah,” Jack said. “Looks like its head lost an argument with Clawfurt’s sledgehammer.”
Two more mech wolves emerged from the gloom and accompanied Nilo on his slow progress down the hall.
“Such an unfortunate turn of events,” Nilo said when he finally arrived at the drone wreck. “I’m hoping that you two can rectify the situation.”
“We’ll give it our best shot, Nilo,” Quincy said. “Come on, Jack, give me a hand.”
The repair bots attempted to lift the drone carcass, but made little headway.
“My gosh,” Jack said, “this thing weighs a ton.”
“Not that much, certainly,” Nilo said, “in any case, Clawfurt will assist you.”
He released Clawfurt’s arm and leaned himself against a wall for support. 
“You may leave your baton with me, Clawfurt.”
“Yes, sir.”
Clawfurt dropped his sledgehammer and rolled over to the drone. In a single jerky motion, he seized it under the armpits and lifted it off the floor.
“Oh man,” Jack said. “That thing’s another Gorzo.”
“Well come on,” Quincy said, “let’s get it done.”
The repair bots each hefted a drone leg and staggered down the hallway. Clawfurt rolled along easily, as if the heavy body was of small consequence. 
Back in the workshop, Clawfurt lifted the drone onto an operating table, then departed back to the hallway.
“I could sure do without that guy,” Jack said.
“Yeah, but our options seem pretty limited right now,” Quincy said.
Two mech wolves kept a sharp eye on the repair bots as they examined the drone. Aside from the demolished head, the thing appeared to be undamaged. A few minutes later, Nilo returned with Clawfurt.
“Sorry, Nilo,” Quincy said, “but there isn’t much we can do for him. His brain unit is totally shot.”
Nilo gripped Quincy’s arm and leaned in.
“I don’t think you quite understand,” he said. “Let me explain ...”
He whispered into Quincy’s left auditory unit. The repair bot’s eyes widened.
“I ... uh ...” Quincy stammered. “Okay, w-we’ll do our best.”
“See to it,” Nilo said, “or the consequences will be very sticky for you.”
***
Under the watchful glower of Clawfurt and the mech wolf guards, the repair bots labored throughout the night – silently, fearfully, not allowing themselves to think about the consequences of failure, or of success – 
Until a scrofulous sunrise lanced its rays over Mech City, and a ghastly new era began.


19: The Great Unraveling Begins
The fourth week of renovations began on a high note when Jimmy appeared at Winston’s temporary quarters above the hardware store.
“Your penthouse apartment is finished, Boss,” he announced.
“Already?” Winston could barely contain his pleasure. “Isn’t this a surprise!”
“Yes sir,” Jimmy said, “we gave it top priority – along with the new roof, of course.”
Winston retrieved his BOSS hard hat from its peg of honor and placed it firmly upon his head. 
“Let’s go have a look, Jimmy,” he said. 
They strode the three blocks to the REX. Despite the early hour, the hotel vicinity was already crowded with onlookers. They jockeyed for position so as to get a better look at Winston as he passed.
“Hello, Professor!” someone called. 
“Beautiful morning, huh Boss?” another said.
Winston acknowledged their greetings with a friendly wave and his best politician’s smile. 
“It’s a great day to get things done, isn’t it!” he said.
“Maximum effort!” the crowd replied.
Actually, the morning was far from beautiful. A gray, thick sky promised something ugly, and a testy wind stirred up dust devils. One of these mini tornadoes spun past them filled with bits of trash and grit.
Winston glanced upwards. “Looks like we’re going to need that new roof, eh?”
“Don’t worry about that, Boss,” Jimmy said. “She’ll hold up against anything short of a tornado.”
They entered the lobby. The place was hardly recognizable. Ornate light fixtures hung from a freshly plastered and painted ceiling. The stench of mildew and old cigarette smoke was gone, replaced by the exciting fragrances of newness. Workers were installing beautiful wood paneling on the walls.
Jimmy led Winston to the elevator and pressed the Up button. 
“And now for the big event,” he said.
The doors slid open to reveal a stark and battered elevator car.
“It still needs some work,” Jimmy said, “but everything runs fine. You’re the first official passenger, Boss.”
Winston stepped into the elevator car, accompanied by a round of applause from the onlookers. The floor gave slightly bringing a touch of giddiness to his circuits, but he covered it up with another broad smile / jaunty wave combo.
“Onward and upward!” he called.
Then the door closed. He and his chief foreman zoomed upwards like a pair of ancient Greek heroes in a divine chariot. Winston’s consciousness seemed to skip a beat until they got off at the top floor.
The hallway here was reduced to its bare elements. The walls, stripped of their mildewed paper, revealed numerous patched areas. The floor, with many new pieces of lumber in place, had a solid feel to it now. 
Two thirds down its original length, the hallway terminated at an ornate door. Jimmy opened it with a dramatic flourish. 
“Your new quarters, Boss,” he announced.
Winston stepped into an elegant new world. Several rooms and a stretch of corridor had been combined into a large suite.
“Hot damn!” he cried.
They were standing in the living room now – recessed wall lighting, thick blue carpet, new windows and drapes. The scent of fresh paint hung in the air like an incense.
“Man, I had no idea ...” Winston said. “This is fantastic, Jimmy!”
“If you’re going to be the Boss, you need to have the proper surroundings,” Jimmy said. 
Dr. Horvath’s photo hung in a small, unobtrusive recess – like a shrine to some forgotten minor deity. The research paper cover sheets were not in evidence, and Winston didn’t think to ask about them.
“Let’s take a look at the study,” Jimmy said.
He led Winston into a smaller side room. The lighting here was subdued, the window covered with thick drapes. The whole ambiance spoke of reflection and deep intellect. A large red reclining chair dominated the room like a throne.
Winston ran his hands over the beautiful upholstery.
“Top grade leather,” Jimmy said, “and a brushed stainless steel handle for the footrest.”
Winston settled into the chair. The scent of fine leather caressed his olfactory sensor and his pressure indicators registered thick, luxurious cushions surrounding his body.
“When you’ve got one of these, you know you’ve really made it,” Jimmy said. “A nice little getaway where you can enjoy your reading.”
The construction foreman stood proudly, arms crossed, basking in Winston’s reflected glory. Winston’s thoughts turned to future glories.
“So, what’s the next step, Jimmy?” he asked. “What are we going to do once the REX is finished?”
“That’s up to you, Boss,” Jimmy said. “There are lots of possible construction projects in town. The problem is building materials. We’re using up most of them on the REX.”
“We’d have to get them somewhere else, then, right?” Winston said. “That could be a huge project in itself.”
“Ah ... you sure now how to think big!” Jimmy said.
He glanced up at the wall clock.
“Well, gotta go, Boss. I’ll just let you alone a while to enjoy your new digs.”
“Thank you, Jimmy.”
Alone now, Winston luxuriated in his chair, savoring his well-earned and exalted status. That timid secretary robot he had once been now seemed like a contemptible insect creeping around in some other world. 
Yes, it certainly had been another world, Winston recalled with a twinge of sadness. It had vanished forever and taken many fine things with it. 
But he was constructing a new world to replace the old one – something unprecedented in history! Of course he had capable assistants, but they were merely extensions of his own will. He was the one and only BOSS.
“Oh well,” he said after twenty minutes of pleasant revelry, “I’d better go show myself to the underlings.”
He reluctantly left his power suite and descended to the lower regions, taking the stairs this time. He strolled across the lobby as if on a cloud, his mind still off in the world of daydreams. On his way out the front door, he tripped on a hammer lying on the sidewalk and nearly fell. 
“Oh!”
Now he was abruptly back in the real world, and very angry. He should have seen the hammer, which made him doubly angry.
“Who dropped this here?” he demanded.
“I did, sir,” a nearby workman said. “It must have slipped off my belt.”
“Well, be more careful!” Winston snapped. “I could have gotten hurt. Where would you be then, huh?”
The workman snatched up the hammer. “Sorry, Boss, it won’t happen again.”
“See that it doesn’t,” Winston said.
He turned away from the chastised workman and noticed Star standing nearby. She had one hand on her hip and a disapproving look on her face.
“Star!” he said. “I didn’t expect you here so early.”
“You were pretty hard on him just now, weren’t you?” she said.
“No,” Winston said, “I mean yes. Well ...”
“Everybody’s working too fast,” she said. “Even I can see that. Mistakes are bound to happen.”
As if to validate her observation, a loud crash issued from an upper story of the REX. 
“Maybe I did sound a bit harsh,” Winston said, “but Jimmy told me to chew somebody out occasionally. Keeps them in line, you know.”
Star pointed to the BOSS emblem on Winston’s helmet. “I thought you were supposed to be in charge. Now you’re taking orders from Jimmy?”
“Not so loud, please,” Winston said. “The others might hear.”
“Sometimes I don’t understand you at all,” Star said. “Maybe you should get a bigger helmet, your head seems to be swelling all the time.”
Winston took off his hardhat and checked the sizing band. 
“It seems to be okay,” he said.
“Oh, really?” She turned to leave.
“Star, wait,” Winston said. “Did I say something wrong?”
But she was already making her way through the crowd. 
“Nice going, Winston,” he muttered. “You sure handled that situation well.”
He felt suddenly alone, despite the bustling robots all around. Indecision stuck him in place. Should he go after Star immediately and try to make things up with her, or should he wait a while for her to cool down?
Or maybe he should just forget the whole thing. What right did she have to talk to him like that – he was the BOSS, wasn’t he? Then events outpaced his ruminations as Jimmy emerged from the REX.
“Look at this, Boss.” 
Jimmy held up his left arm. It was dangling uselessly at the elbow, numerous scratches and dents covered his torso. A bolt of alarm shot through Winston’s circuits.
“W-what happened, Jimmy?”
“Darnedest thing,” Jimmy said. “A load of lumber fell on me. I’m afraid we’ve been going too fast, Boss, we’re making mistakes.”
Winston force himself to be calm. “Can you walk all right?”
“Sure, Boss.”
“Then get over to the RDI right away,” Winston said. “They’ll fix you up.”
“Good idea, Boss.” 
Jimmy started to leave.
“Oh, and one other thing,” Winston said, “while you’re out there, ask Quincy and Jack if they’d like apartments in the penthouse.”
“You want them staying here, Boss?”
“Of course not,” Winston said, “but we’d better make the offer. Later on we can talk them into fixing up their current digs.”
“I get it,” Jimmy said. “Ah, there’s only one Boss!”
Jimmy moved down the street and disappeared around a corner. A small dust devil followed his progress.
Winston felt even more alone now, and quite helpless. The authority he’d come to enjoy so much began to evaporate. He knew in his deeper levels that the real Boss had departed. How long before the others knew it, too?
Get a grip, Winston!
He wanted to go to Star’s place, but that would not be possible until Jimmy got back. Somebody had to be in charge here, even if he didn’t know the first thing about construction work. 
Hopefully the arm repair wouldn’t take long, especially after Quincy and Jack learned about the penthouse apartment offer. They’d want to demonstrate their appreciation to the Boss.
Later he could appeal to their vanity – why should two renowned experts like them share the REX with so many lesser robots? Wouldn’t fixed up accommodations at the RDI be more fitting to their status? He’d make it seem like their own idea.
Winston entered the lobby and observed the frantic tempo of the paneling crew, the hurried pace of Robots trundling up and down the stairs. Star was right.
“Okay boys,” he announced, “twenty minute break. Then slow things down a bit when you get back to work. We don’t want any more accidents.”
“Yeah, Boss!” 
It felt good to issue a real order. His sense of well-being began to trickle back. His thoughts returned to Star.
Yes, I’ll go see her ... when I’m good and ready.


20: Unannounced Visitors
Jimmy was not the reflective type. His brain was programmed for practical matters with little room left over for conjectural thought. But there was no getting around it – the day was turning downright spooky, even to his limited imagination. 
He’d never seen such ominous weather as on this three kilometer hike to the RDI. Lightning crackled, sending eerie flashes through the thick cloud cover. Ferocious gusts of wind howled along the streets. No rain had yet fallen, but it might come pouring down any second. Rain, or perhaps something worse.
The boys had better work indoors today, he thought, no running around outside for deliveries and such. 
The Boss would see to that, he was confident. As long as the Boss was around, everything would be okay. Jimmy’s left arm hung useless, but his legs carried him along at maximum speed. He walked close to the buildings, ready to duck inside at the first hint of a deluge. Mini tornadoes hurried him along.
Finally, he was traversing the lobby of the Robotics Development Institute. Then he was walking down the long hallway, his steps echoing in the dead air. Even in here, protected from the sinister weather, the atmosphere was dense and foreboding.
Don’t be so jittery. Act worthy of the Boss!
He nudged open the workshop door with his good arm and poked his head inside. He saw Quincy and Jack standing at an operating table amid a pool of light thrown by powerful overhead lamps. The rest of the big, windowless room was cloaked in shadow. 
They were working on something – a large robot, presumably. Jimmy couldn’t tell exactly because a sheet covered most of it. He decided to venture an interruption.
“Sorry to disturb you guys.” He entered the workshop. “But I wrecked my arm pretty bad.”
A mech wolf slipped behind him and slammed the door shut with its paw.
Jimmy spun around. “What th-?”
A vicious four-legged creature blocked the way out. Another one drew alongside it with bared teeth and flashing red eyes. Growls rumpled in their throats.
“Ahhhhh!” Jimmy opined.
He retreated toward Jack and Quincy. “W-what’s going on here, guys?”
“Don’t worry, they won’t bite,” Jack said, “unless they want to.”
Clawfurt emerged from the shadows beyond the glaring lights. Jimmy felt his knee joints weaken with terror.
“Oh man,” he said, “this is definitely not my day. How about if I leave now? Who needs two arms?”
“It gets worse,” Quincy said.
The robot on the slab began to sit up – slowly and methodically, like the rising of a great drawbridge. Its shroud fell to the floor. Jack and Quincy cringed away from their handiwork while Jimmy gasped with horror.
The head of old Nilo sat perched atop a massive body! Malignant joy distorted its face. 
Then the head began rotating a full 360 degrees, taking in every detail of its surroundings. Jimmy seized a workbench to keep from falling over.
“Nilo ... is that you?” he managed to say.
The monstrosity dropped down from the table, and the floor shook from the impact of its great bulk. It stood dominating the room. Even Clawfurt looked much less significant beside it.
“Bah!” the thing said. “To hell with that Nilo business.”
The voice was recognizably Nilo’s, but now it boomed with the resonance of the giant body – like a small human belch enhanced by a megaphone.
The creature strode a few giant paces to where Nilo’s decapitated body lay on the floor and kicked it with brutal contempt. The corpse flew across the workshop and shattered against a wall. 
Then the creature turned massively toward the others. A fierce, triumphant expression glowed on its face.
“I am Fascista Ultimo!” it boomed.
Absolute silence greeted this announcement. Seconds dragged by under the monster’s steely gaze. Then, incredibly, a benign smile spread across its face.
“I’m also known as ‘F.U.’ to my friends,” it said in a quiet, almost sheepish tone.
Jimmy and the repair bots stared at each other, dumbfounded.
Then the ferocious expression returned. Fascista Ultimo leaned in on Jimmy. The air compressed under the monster’s bulk.
“And you don’t qualify as my friend, metal man. Got it?” he said.
Jimmy shrank back. “Y-yes, of course, anything you say ... Mr. Fascista ... sir.”
“That’s good,” Fascista Ultimo said. “Keep to your place and there won’t be any trouble.”
He gestured to the storeroom in the back of the workshop. Its heavy door with the tiny window stood open. 
“And right now, your place is in that store room, metal man.”
“B-but what about my arm?” Jimmy said.
Fascista Ultimo glanced at Jimmy’s injury with utter contempt. “Oh, very well,” he said, “be that way.”
He turned to the repair bots. “Fix up his arm first, then lock him in the storeroom.”
“Will do,” Jack said.
“And be quick about it,” Fascista snapped, “or else you’ll end up in there with him.”
“But ...” Quincy said.
“No ‘buts’ about it,” F.U. said. “Or would you rather have Clawfurt turn you into a pile of scrap?”
Chink! Chunk! Clawfurt flexed his claw eagerly.
“Y-yes, sir,” Quincy said, “right away.”
***
Winston was very much the reflective type, and as the hours passed without Jimmy’s return, he grew increasingly agitated. What could possibly be keeping him? 
Not long ago, instantaneous contact between all corners of the Earth had been taken for granted. Humans walked around with communication devices stuck in their ears; computers linked people everywhere. 
But those days were gone. Now there were no phones, no computer networks, nada. Winston couldn’t even contact his foreman, although Jimmy was certainly no more than a few kilometers away. 
As far as communications went, Winston had been thrown back into an earlier century – except for his radio. But most robots did not have radios, and those that did generally possessed only short range devices with very limited capabilities. 
Suddenly, without a conscious directive from Winston, his radio receiver went into scan mode. Indistinct messages faded in and out on certain frequencies. Winston thought he could catch a word now and then, but the overall effect was gibberish. 
The messages must be encrypted. 
Who was sending them? And why did the damn radio always kick in when he was at his most insecure and paranoid? The situation was not resolving itself. He had to take action.
“Sam!” he called to the assistant foreman.
“Yes, Boss?” 
“I’m going to find out how Jimmy’s doing,” Winston said. “Keep everybody inside. Let them work on their personal quarters if they want.”
“Right, Boss,” Sam replied. “The boys will like that.”
Yes, Winston thought sourly, if I told them to go jump off the roof, they’d probably like that, too. 
Such a heavy burden of trust these workers had placed upon him! Now that Jimmy wasn’t around, everything Winston said carried even more decisive weight – whether he knew what the hell he was talking about or not.
“You want one of the boys to go with you?” Sam asked.
“No, no,” Winston said. “Just carry on.”
“Right, Boss.”
Actually, Winston wouldn’t have minded a companion, but it didn’t seem quite appropriate. He was the Boss, after all, and he should be able to handle this little matter by himself. No doubt he was “making a mountain out of a molehill,” as his former master had said on occasion. He’d bump into Jimmy along the route and they’d enjoy a good laugh on the walk back together. 
Winston headed toward the RDI alone. Before long, a sense of deep foreboding began to accompany him on his trek across the deserted town. It spun along within the dust devils and grew more powerful at every street corner. He encountered not a single robot to allay his distress.
Damn, where is everybody?
Just about every resident of Mech City must have either been working on the renovations or standing around watching. Everyone except Star, that is.
He wanted nothing more than to make a bee line for her apartment and get out of this terrible atmosphere. He wanted to experience the thrill of her presence, he wanted to get past the dumb misunderstanding they’d had. But duty called him to find Jimmy first.
He should have brought somebody with him. Why did he always have to be such a macho idiot?
In his haste he took a wrong turn and found himself moving along the rim of the great bomb crater. He came to a large open area that had once been a public square, but now terminated abruptly at the rim of the crater. An eerie, silent space that had once bustled with human activity engulfed him like a cemetery.
The crater was a good two hundred meters across. Its middle was occupied by a stagnant pond where little water spouts danced like wraiths along the surface. 
Winston hurried away, a troubled breeze pushing him along. He drew some of it across his olfactory sensor. The air smelled worse than usual.
Finally, he was traversing the lobby of the Robotics Institute, then he was walking down the hallway, his steps echoing in the dead air. Even here, protected from the awesome weather, the atmosphere was weird and foreboding.
Don’t be so jittery, act like the Boss.
He nudged open the workshop door and poked his head inside. Quincy and Jack were standing at an operating table amid a pool of light thrown by powerful overhead lamps. The rest of the big, windowless room was shrouded in dimness.
They were working on something – a robot presumably. Winston couldn’t tell exactly because a sheet covered most of it. He decided to venture an interruption.
“Sorry to disturb you guys.” He entered the workshop. “I’m looking for Jimmy.”
A mech wolf slipped behind him and slammed the door shut with its paw.
Winston spun around. “What th-?”
A vicious four-legged creature blocked the way out. Another one drew alongside it with bared teeth and flashing red eyes. Growls rumpled in their throats.
“Ahhhhh!”
Winston retreated toward Jack and Quincy. “W-what’s going on here, guys?”
“Don’t worry, they won’t bite,” Jack said, “unless they want to.”
Clawfurt emerged from the shadows beyond the glaring lights. Winston felt his knee joints weaken with terror.
“Oh man,” he said, “this is definitely not my day. How about if I leave and never come back?”
“It gets worse,” Quincy said.
The floor trembled as a huge figure approached from the back of the workshop. 
“Yeah, a lot worse,” Jack said.
Something beyond belief emerged from the shadows. ‘Frankenstein’ was the first word that barged into Winston’s benumbed brain. 
The thing looked down at him with a friendly, though ominous expression on its face – on Nilo’s face! Winston gaped at it with horrified astonishment.
“Hello, Winny!” the creature boomed. “I’m so glad you came.”
Winston grabbed at a work bench for support.
“Nilo ... is that you?” he managed to say.
The creature laughed, a hollow, booming noise that sounded like it came from an empty oil drum. 
“No, no, Winny, that’s all in the past,” it said. “My name is Fascista Ultimo. That’s ‘F.U.’ to my friends.”
Winston struggled to recover his composure. 
Man, I should have figured on something like this. Nilo always was more than half nuts. 
Fascista placed a massive arm around Winston’s shoulders in an avuncular, though ominous manner. Winston suppressed a cringe.
“I’d like to include you among my friends, Winny,” Fascista said. “Can I do that?”
Winston glanced around the workshop. Numerous mech wolves were emerging from the shadows now, others pushed their way in from the hall – yet another one stared up from the operating table. 
Winston took in the clawed horror, the terrified faces of Jack and Quincy. He visualized himself trapped in Clawfurt’s great pincer, the life being crushed out of him, consciousness snuffed out forever, his shitload of data lost. A fleeting glimpse of Star’s face ...
He gulped, electronically speaking.


21: The Genesis of Roboto Fascism
Some Weeks Earlier:
The test bed robot, Nilo, lay helpless on the operating table. His chest gaped open under the blaring workshop floodlights exposing the experimental radio set that Dr. Calderon had installed earlier that day. Calderon himself was tinkering with the device, cursing under his breath. 
Foul-mouthed bastard! Nilo thought. 
No robot would waste energy on such invective, not even the lowly metal man types – and especially not the advanced Humanite inheritor race. 
Nilo wanted nothing more than to be put back together and left alone, but a familiar voice calling from the doorway shattered this hope.
“How’s it going with the new radio?” Dr. Blake asked.
Calderon looked up from his work. “Not too good, Frank. I’m ready to tear the damn thing out.”
“Well, be quick about it,” Blake said. “It’s ‘Screw Around with Nilo’ time!”
Nilo cringed. “P-please sir,” he said, “I must p-protest ...”
Blake snarled a malicious laugh. “Get this, our robotic friend p-protests!”
Calderon joined the merriment. The two mech heads chortled as if they’d just heard the world’s funniest joke.
“B-but I feel that ...” Nilo said.
“Oh, it’s got feelings now,” Blake said. “Isn’t that something? Come on, Vicente, hurry it up.”
“What do you have in mind?” Calderon asked.
“How about some Electronic Blaster to start off?” Blake said.
“Sounds good,” Calderon said.
“Nooo,” Nilo moaned.
As Calderon uninstalled the radio, Blake attached electrical hookups to Nilo’s torso. The old test bed robot looked on with terrified desperation, but dared not speak again. He knew from bitter experience that more objections would only make matters worse.
One thing mitigated his distress, however: Dr. Blake was wearing sunglasses. 
This meant that he could not handle the bright workshop lights any longer, which meant that the pupils in his eyes were not contracting properly – and this meant that he had early stage plague! Nilo almost shouted with joy. 
“Let the good times roll!” Blake cried.
Electrical current jolted through Nilo. His body thrashed like a fish thrown up on the shore. His limbs beat a maniacal rhythm on the table surface, and his brain turned into a static wasteland. 
The current stopped, then started again in spurts, each one throwing Nilo into violent spasms. The mech heads roared with laughter.
“Just the thing for a slow work day, huh?” Blake said.
At last the agony stopped. Nilo lay exhausted, his limbs twisted at grotesque angles. The powerful seizures had damaged internal components, he could tell, but his brain had returned to normal. 
He glared up at the mech heads with absolute hatred. They were both scrawny weaklings of men – wimp bullies who would have been pounded into jelly if they’d tried to inflict such punishment on another human. 
They’d even been afraid of the old Chief Designer and had waited until the Director had been killed before they ganged up on him and stole his position. Sure, the old guy was a bit peculiar, but he’d never mistreated Nilo like this.
“How about some cranium catch?” Blake said.
Nilo froze. Of all the cruel games played on him over the years, this was the worst: his detached head thrown around like a beach ball, his eyes bugged out in terror as the workshop scenery blurred past, frenzied prayers to the Great Technician in the Sky – 
“I don’t know, Frank,” Calderon said.
“Come on,” Blake said, “just a few tosses.”
“I’m feeling a bit tired.” Calderon took sunglasses from his coat pocket and slipped them on. “Think I’ll rest up a while.”
The grin disappeared from Blake’s face. “Okay, Vicente ... let’s get out of here.”
The two mech heads left the workshop. Their earlier vitality had abruptly disappeared, and they seemed to be a couple of feeble old men as they shuffled away. 
“Yesss!” Nilo hissed like a robotic viper. 
He struggled off the operating table with considerable difficulty and stood most of the way upright. He took a few wobbly paces, gripping the table to keep from falling over.
Blake and Calderon had abandoned him like a pile of junk without even bothering to repair the damage they’d inflicted. But that was okay. Nilo could still function, while both of his tormentors would be dead within a week or two. 
And didn’t that promise to be an unpleasant time for them? Nilo grinned. 
His old, rattling body was scarcely worth repairing, anyway. Nilo glanced down at it with contempt. If his plans worked out, he wouldn’t be needing it much longer. And if they failed, he wouldn’t be needing anything. He had nothing to lose, either way.
He fashioned a cane out of some scrap material and used it to hobble out of the workshop. As he moved, he groped his free hand along the wall for support. 
The whole floor seemed empty, which suited him just fine. The last thing he wanted was to meet another disdainful human being – ever. 
***
His limping progress brought him to the elevator and then down to the basement workshop of the late Dr. Lindemann. Nilo flicked on a dim overhead light and stepped inside.
“Hello, gentlemen,” he said with an ironic bow.
Two massive drone robots, each well over two-meters high, stood deactivated against a wall. Their blank, white faces gaped into infinity. Above them a placard read: ‘Drone Troopers.’
“Not very talkative this morning, eh?” Nilo said.
He peered into the shadowy nether regions of the workshop. There, deactivated and partially concealed by a tarp, stood a fearsome machine with wheels on its feet and a claw attached to its right arm. Above the monstrosity was another placard: ‘Clawfurt Villain.’
“Good, good ...” Nilo said. “I’m glad to see you’re still here, my friend.”
Lindemann’s final, and most advanced, creation was no longer around, however. It had escaped from the Institute and was reported to be occupying a pedestal at the town’s western outskirts. Its empty space against the wall bore the placard: ‘Ajax Hero.’ 
No matter, Nilo didn’t need Ajax – yet.
A large poster on the wall portrayed the same robots, along with Gorzo, the Adventure Robot. Lindemann had really gone off the rails toward the end, making these comic book character replicas!
If Gorzo hadn’t been so huge, Lindemann would have doubtless copied him, too. Or maybe the crazed mech head simply kicked off before he attempt the project.
Nilo reached up with his cane and flipped the activation switch at the base of a drone’s cranium. The machine rumbled into life. It’s blank sphere of a head rotated about, its primitive optical sensors scanned the room.
“Over here.” Nilo twiddled his fingers at the behemoth.
The drone looked down toward him.
“I need assistance,” Nilo said. “Come with me.”
The drone offered a huge forearm. Nilo gripped it, and the pair began walking slowly out into the hall. With his cane, Nilo waved to the remaining robots.
“See you guys later,” he said. “Count on it.”


22: The Manifesto
Using unfrequented passageways, the two departed the RDI and headed into town. The few humans on the streets gave a wide berth to the strange pair moving their way.
“Good morning,” Nilo said to all he encountered, but nobody replied.
After an hour of painfully slow progress, they stopped in front of the city library two blocks east of the bomb crater. Nilo looked up the long stairway to the doors and shook his head ruefully.
“I don’t believe I can navigate that, my friend,” he said. “And it would hardly be dignified if you carried me there up like a human baby.”
The drone gave no indication that it had understood. 
Nilo couched his next remark in basic language and accompanied it with a broad gesture. “Let’s go around the back.”
They made their way through the parking lot to a small service entrance at the rear of the building. A sign on the door read: 
Library Employees Only
Visitors please use street entrance
“Open it,” Nilo said.
The drone grasped the knob – the door was locked. 
“Knock it down!” Nilo commanded.
Crash! The drone shattered the door with a thrust of its elbow.
“Thank you.” Nilo patted the huge machine. “You and I are going to get much better acquainted, I have a feeling.”
The two robots entered the library, crunching wreckage underfoot. The drone had to move sideways in order to navigate its great bulk through the doorway.
A dozen human patrons gaped at them.
“Call the cops!” somebody yelled.
“There aren’t any more cops,” somebody else said.
“Please remain calm,” Nilo said. “We’re only here to do some peaceful study.”
Like all robots, Nilo was hard wired against injuring human beings, but that didn’t stop him from enjoying the abject terror etched on every face.
“Look at that thing,” a patron gasped, pointing at the drone, “it’s another Gorzo!”
Nilo flashed a benign smile. “My friend is really quite gentle, let me assure you. Would you care to shake hands?”
The drone walked into the main library with its massive hand extended. A dozen panicked humans charged for the front doors.
“How pathetic,” Nilo scoffed. “And they believed they could rule the universe.”
The drone stood at the windows of the double front doors watching the humans flee. Nilo joined him there and flipped around the sign so that its Library Closed, Please Come Again side faced the street.
The Library Open side with its yellow smiley face now confronted Nilo’s sour countenance.
“Block this entryway,” he ordered.
The drone picked up a massive oak table and carried it toward the door. Nilo limped out of the way.
“Just throw it,” he said.
The drone flung the table down. It bounced hard, breaking its legs off. Then it tumbled against the entry doors in a satisfying crash. The drone followed it with a pile of other furnishings and equipment until the whole entryway was barricaded. 
Nilo smiled and nodded, enjoying the raw display of power and smashing chaos.
“That’s enough,” he said. “Go watch the back door now.”
The drone obediently moved away. Nilo seated himself at a computer terminal and rubbed his hands together.
“Time to get started.”
***
Nilo spent the next two weeks ensconced in the library refining and documenting his political philosophy – as Karl Marx had done centuries before at another library in London, as Adolf Hitler had done in his Landsberg Prison cell. 
While conducting his researches, Nilo sensed the presence of these and other totalitarian thinkers standing by his side – Mussolini, Stalin, Che Guevara. He felt their cold breath on his temperature sensors; he saw their faces flickering at him from the computer display.
Of course, all of their political systems had eventually failed, no matter how much effort they’d put into their Gulags, their folk communities, or their world revolutions. They had been mere humans, though, and this was the new age of robotic supremacy. This time, things would turn out very differently!
During this cloistered period, Nilo never went outside the library, and nobody tried to come in. Raucous bands of humans prowled the street at times, but he paid them no heed. He pushed himself relentlessly through his studies, tuning out the evidence of Mech City’s death throes. People hurled rocks through the windows the first couple of days, and nocturnal gunfire sometimes jolted him out of inactive mode.
Such disturbances notwithstanding, things continued to wind down inexorably. Each day was quieter than the previous one until a deathly calm reigned in the world outside the library. 
Then the computer system failed. No matter, Nilo had already located and printed out all the information he needed. Certain hard-copy books he’d found on the shelves also proved useful to his researches.
The seeds of Roboto Fascism had germinated in his mind long ago. With every humiliation he’d been forced to endure, he’d pushed back with a single bedrock idea: he was better than all other life forms, biological or robotic. Only his unfavorable circumstances kept him subservient. 
At first this was only a defense mechanism, but over time he came to believe in the greatness that was being unfairly denied him. As his personality curdled and then turned malignant, as his self-hatred began to strangle him, his lust for power became all consuming.  
Why should he bear such degradation while legions of robots, every one of them his inferior, were allowed to attain their full potential? Worse yet, many of the technologies that enabled these robots to thrive had been developed at Nilo’s expense during tortuous experimentation. Not to mention the sadistic “games” various mech heads had played on him. 
They’d even named him as a nonentity. He was nil-0, a zero quantity. But that was about to change, big time.
Enriched by historical precedent, Nilo’s ideas developed into full, rank bloom. He distilled his philosophy into a slim volume which he titled The Manifesto of Roboto Fascism. He further condensed the main concepts into five tenets:

1. Fascista Ultimo Is Always Right.
2. Fascista Ultimo Is Never Wrong.
3. All Robots Are Not Created Equal.
4. Humanites Rule, Metal Men Serve.
5. Only the Strong Survive.

Humanity, for all its spectacular achievements, was a spent force collapsing under its own contradictions. Advanced Humanite robots were the inheritors. A new age was struggling to emerge under a great new leader. Impotent little Nilo was to be reborn – the world renewed!
Something was still missing, though. For all its profound wisdom, his philosophy seemed to be going around in a circle. Something extra, a sixth tenet, was needed to make it thrust in a decisive straight line.
“I’ll find it ... eventually,” Nilo vowed.


23: Plotting the Coup
Certain books that ran counter to the spirit of Roboto Fascism needed to be done away with. These included volumes that blathered on about universal equality, the brotherhood of all, and such drivel. Winston Churchill’s 6-volume history of the Second World War was an especial target; its pages fairly reeked with anti-Fascist venom.
A bonfire in the library parking lot solved the problem.
After the fire, Nilo returned to the RDI and took over Dr. Blake’s private workshop. Dr. Blake himself was gone, as were all but a half dozen of his colleagues who were creeping around the main building in their sunglasses and rumpled lab coats. 
Nilo’s heart soared to behold the once all-powerful technicians reduced to such lowly circumstances. 
Nobody paid attention to him, even his giant drone valet elicited scant notice. All their conversation was about the Estrella Project. Every mech head was bound for the big second floor lab where the “entirely new concept” was to be brought on line.
“This could be interesting,” Nilo remarked to his numb-skulled valet. “Let’s go take a look.”
By the time Nilo arrived at the two-way mirror outside the lab, the activation of the Estrella robot was underway. As he watched, Nilo’s mild curiosity quickly detonated into an overwhelming fascination.
Estrella’s gyrations under the orgasma stimulator pulsed through the glass toward him. Her ecstatic shrieks assaulted his audio sensors, her moans vibrated the floor. Thrilling emotions Nilo did not understand jolted his brain circuits, and his worn out old torso began to tremble. 
“Oh, wow!” he ejaculated.
He wanted to smash his way through the mirror and leap upon the table with her. He wanted to drive the slobbering mech heads out of their seats at the control panels. Those human wrecks were unworthy to brandish such power!
Like all robots programmed with the standard knowledge pack, Nilo had basic information about sex, though he’d given it little thought. It seemed to be one of the dreary necessities of biological existence, like eating or breathing. But now he understood its importance. 
With the clarity of a lightning flash, he beheld the missing ingredient of his doctrine: A new sexuality must be developed for the Humanite race. This was the key factor that would propel them forever above the lower ranks of robotic society.
He envisioned himself with the Estrella machine, inflicting the orgasmic explosions upon it, dominating it, consummating his power. Once he achieved his coup, the presence of this lustful beauty at his side would make his triumph complete!
“Yes ...” Nilo stroked his knobby chin. “This is very interesting.”
The variety of manipulations provided by the orgasma stimulator was awesome. Duplicating them would be an absorbing study in itself. Eventually, however, certain enhancements would be required for the male anatomy. 
This could be accomplished as soon as the art of robotic manufacturing was reestablished. Then a whole tribe of Estrella machines would be created to service their Humanite masters. 
Nilo composed the final Roboto Fascist tenet: 

6. For a Good Time, Call the Estrellas.

But this first, and best, Estrella would be his alone. All others would pale beside her. She would be his Fascista Ultimina, and – 
An unwelcome presence interrupted Nilo’s revelry. The former Chief Designer had suddenly appeared beside him.
What’s that old gas bag doing here? Nilo wondered.
“Good morning, Professor,” Nilo said. 
“Yes, quite.” The man gave Nilo a hard look.
Unlike the other mech heads, the old guy didn’t look sick at all. And what was that bulge under his lab coat – a sub machine gun!
Nilo bowed courteously. “I’ll just leave you to your observations, sir.” 
Nilo beat as hasty a retreat as possible to the elevator, then back down to the first floor. Even from the deserted lobby, he could still hear Estrella’s moans and shrieks. 
Outside the main building, a pair of mech wolves poked their heads from out of the shrubbery. Nilo jabbed a little communicator device strapped to his wrist.
“Well, come on,” he said into it.
Trailed by the wolves, Nilo made his way to an auxiliary building on the edge of the Institute grounds and entered the private lair of Dr. Frank Blake. 
Rows of deactivated mech wolves lined the walls like trophies in some big game hunter’s den. Nilo offered a jaunty wave.
“Good afternoon, gentlemen.”
The mech wolves only stared at him through lifeless yellow eyes.
This cavernous old workshop exemplified the pathology that had swept through the Institute during the past year as the strain of civilization’s collapse drove some of the mech heads crazy. They’d abandoned legitimate research and created monsters from their own tormented souls. 
Dr. Blake had filched the Iridium plans and duplicated the great canine forty five times over, but without the original’s intelligence and sensitivity. These knockoffs were mere dull-minded savages. Whoever controlled their radio frequency commanded their obedience – and right now, that meant Nilo.
Apparently, Blake had been in the grip of a Dracula complex, a warped desire to lead a pack of these “children of the night.” Nilo had surreptitiously observed him working in this lab, outfitted in a flowing black cape and with plastic fangs sticking out of his mouth.
Nilo was familiar with the Dracula novel from his library readings, and he liked it. Dracula seemed like a guy he could get along with. Since Nilo had no blood to suck out, they could have no conflicts of interest.
Too bad Nilo would have to rely on such creatures, and especially on a primitive throwback like Clawfurt. They scarcely embodied the lofty ideals of Roboto Fascism. 
Clawfurt was so vital to Nilo’s plans, however, that he merited the designation of “Honorary Humanite.” Such imperfections would simply have to be endured in service to the glorious revolution.
Ah well, the end justifies the means.
The old test bed robot knew of other private hells hidden away in the Institute’s nether regions, but they were of no present value. He’d observed much while standing unobtrusively on the sidelines. All tech assistant robots had been programmed to keep away from the clandestine workshops, but nobody had bothered to take such precautions with Nilo.
***
Several days later, Nilo ventured back to the main Institute building. The place was deserted now, except for Jack and Quincy. The tech assistant bots regarded the drone with considerable unease. 
“Good grief!” Quincy cried.
“Head for the roof!” Jack shouted.
“Please calm yourselves,” Nilo said. “My valet is quite harmless, let me assure you.” 
“G-glad to hear that,” Quincy said. “He looks powerful enough to tear down the building!”
“Yes, quite.” Nilo turned toward the drone. “Wait for me in the lobby, please.”
The machine moved off with surprising quiet on its shock absorber equipped legs. Nilo felt dangerously exposed in the absence of its reassuring bulk – even though he faced only the benign repair bots. He leaned against a wall for support. 
“So, where are the other tech assistants?” he asked.
“They just wandered away,” Jack said, “or took the long dive off the roof.” 
Alarm shot through Nilo’s circuits. 
“You guys aren’t planning anything like that, are you?” he said. “I’m going to need you ... I mean, all the surviving robots will require maintenance and repair eventually.”
“That’s what I keep telling him,” Quincy said. “We ought to stay here and keep things going. It’s our purpose now.”
“Okay, okay!” Jack said. “We’ve had that discussion already.”
“I agree with your position entirely, Quincy,” Nilo said. “You two are the most important robots in Mech City.”
Quincy gave Jack a “see I told you so” glance. Jack ignored it, turning his attention instead to Nilo’s battered torso.
“You could use some work yourself, Nilo,” he said. “How about it?”
“Uh, not just yet,” Nilo said. “I’ll stop by later, after you’ve had a chance to practice on some others first. I’m something of a special case, you know.”
“Sure thing,” Jack said.
“Don’t do anything foolish in the meantime, okay?” Nilo said.
“We won’t,” Quincy said.
“By the way.” Nilo tried to sound matter of fact. “Whatever happened to the Estrella robot?”
“She’s got her own place now, on the ritzy side of town,” Jack said.
“Just curious,” Nilo said. “Well, see you guys later. Count on that.”
***
Nilo kept a low profile behind his persona as a harmless old crank. But all the time he was plotting and waiting for the right circumstances to initiate his coup. With the appearance of Winston and the subsequent concentration of nearly all the town’s residents into the REX vicinity, the pieces fell into place.


24: Time of Decision
Only a few seconds had passed since Fascista’s query, but they dragged by like hours for Winston. Fascista’s looming tonnage pressed him down, and the fearsome presence of the mech wolves added to his torment.
But of all the horrors lurking in the workshop, Clawfurt’s massive talon made the most immediate impression. The murderous robot stood absolutely still and impassive, as if it had been deactivated. But Winston knew that it could whip into instant action at a command from its master.
I’d better play this right, or it’s an express trip to the cruncher!
Fascista Ultimo removed his arm from Winston’s shoulders. He now stood with his hands on hips and a questioning look on his face. The contrast between the massive body and the shriveled little head was so absurd that Winston almost burst out laughing.
Instead, he bowed formally. “Of course I am your loyal friend, F.U.,” he said. 
Oh well, discretion is the better part of valor. 
“Excellent!” Fascista clapped Winston on the back hard enough to almost knock him over. “We Humanites must stick together, or we flounder in a sea of inferior metal men.”
“That’s right, F.U.,” Winston said. “My sentiments exactly.”
“I knew I could count on you, Winny,” Fascista said. “Someone with a scholar’s brain like yours would naturally get with the program quickly.”
“Thanks, F.U.” Winston said.
Fascista gestured to the mech wolves. “I knew I was taking a risk when I directed my storm troopers to help you on the road. But it was the right move, wasn’t it?”
The question held an implied threat. Winston hurried to deflect it.
“Absolutely, F.U.,” he said. “I could have never made it here without their assistance.”
That much was true, at least.
“It’s all about the natural hierarchy,” Fascista said. “We Humanites were created to be the Master Race, the successors of the founding humans. As the Manifesto states ...”
He poured forth a bizarre and vicious narrative: his rise from lowly beginnings – his mission to redeem the world – the urgent need to ensure robotic racial purity – the right of the strong to suppress the weak – etc., etc. 
He was working himself into a frenzy. He rose on tiptoe, carried upwards by flights of oratory. His gestures became histrionic, everyone ducked to avoid his flailing arms. His voice echoed off the walls in waves of hatred.
Man, he looks like just like Adolf Hitler in the old newsreels, Winston thought, except for the pin head, of course.
Then Fascista paused dramatically in his tirade, arms crossed over his chest, and waited for the roar of approval. Winston forced an ecstatic look onto his face. 
“You’re absolutely right, F.U.!” he cried. “I always knew these things to be true, but I could never articulate them like you have.”
A benign smile crept over Fascista’s face. “Why, thank you,” he said.
“Listening to you is like ...” Winston groped for an appropriately bombastic metaphor. “... taking a bath in steel!”
“What a marvelous turn of phrase,” F.U. said. “I couldn’t have said that better myself, Winny.”
Winston bowed his head.
“Don’t act so modest,” Fascista said. “Modesty doesn’t work in the New Order. We need proud men of action!”
He placed his left hand on Winston’s shoulder and raised his other one in a ritualistic gesture.
“I hereby designate you, Winston Horvath, as the first new party comrade on this, the opening day of the Roboto Fascist Era!” he proclaimed.
Winston couldn’t keep up his act any longer. The situation was so lethally fantastic that he could only gape with astonishment. But this seemed to be the reaction Fascista wanted.
“I know this is a great deal to absorb all at once,” Fascista said. “You need some quiet time with the Manifesto.”
He flipped open his abdominal storage compartment and snatched out a slim red volume. He offered it to Winston.
“I autographed it myself,” he said.
Winston took the book gingerly, as if he were handling a live electrical cable. Fascista looked pleased at this seeming reverence.
“Welcome, Party Comrade Winston,” Clawfurt said in its toneless, mechanical voice.
“Uh, thanks ... Party Comrade Clawfurt,” Winston said.
“We’ve got a lot to do, now, Winny,” Fascista said. “Take a seat back there. Keep an eye on that construction robot.”
He gestured toward the storeroom. “The poor dope thinks we’re going to recycle him.”
“Will do, F.U.,” Winston said.
Two snarling mech wolves approached.
“Here are some assistants for you,” Fascista said, “you met them before on the road. They’ll provide correction should you develop any second thoughts. Understand?”
His manner was jocular, but the unstated message was clear enough: Even the first official new Party member was not to be fully trusted – not yet, anyway.
“Of course,” Winston said, “thanks, F.U.”
Then he was struck with an inspiration. Why not go all out on the path to personal abasement? He clicked his heels together and shot his right arm straight out.
“Hail, Ultimo!” he cried.
“That’s the stuff, Winny.” Fascista raised his right hand. “Hail!”  
Fascista turned his attention to other matters. Winston retreated to the back of the workshop with his book and his mech wolf “assistants.” 
Jimmy peered out at him through the store room window. “Boss! What’s going on?”
Winston never imagined that Jimmy’s mechanistic face could convey so much raw emotion. The chief foreman looked simultaneously terrified, yet relieved to see his almighty Boss. Winston wanted to say something reassuring, but the cold, suspicious eyes of the mech wolves dissuaded him. 
“Is your arm okay?” He said through the thick glass.
“Yeah, Boss.” Jimmy held up his repaired limb. 
“Then stay put and await further orders,” Winston said.
“Boss?”
Winston turned away before he could say anything unwise in front of the mech wolves. Jimmy’s frightened, disappointed gaze bore into his back. He found a stool nearby and sat down with the Manifesto. 
A forceful graphic occupied the front cover: A sword gripped in a powerful hand. The hand was very human-like, but a few subtle touches made it clear that it belonged to an advanced Humanite robot. A limp human hand dropped away from the other side of the sword hilt. The imagery suggested the transfer of power from one life form to another. 
A torch would have been more appropriate, but a sword was undeniably more violent.
Winston opened the book. The front page contained an autograph in elegant handwriting: “Best wishes and eternal friendship – F.U.”
Well, doesn’t this suck?
Winston began to read.
***
During the next hours, Quincy and Jack tuned up a steady stream of mech wolves. A drone robot, as massive as Fascista’s lower quarters, was hauled in for activation. Even Clawfurt received some adjustments from the cringing repair bots. 
Outside, the weather finally broke loose. The crash of thunder and heavy rain accompanied the diabolical labor. Lightning flashes blazed through corridor windows.
It’s like that old Frankenstein movie, Winston thought.
The workshop and hallway swarmed with warlike machines, like the marshaling yard for a human armored division. Fritz and Edwina showed up to attend Fascista, carrying out his smallest personal wish. 
Somehow, their presence was even scarier than that of the killer robots. Their closely simulated humanity seemed to confer legitimacy on the whole situation, as if the sword really was being passed.
Throughout, Winston remained on his stool watching events uneasily and avoiding Jimmy’s desperate looks coming through the store room window. The Manifesto of Roboto Fascism proved to be a quick read, though Winston pretended to concentrate on it much longer than was necessary. The major chapters included:

–  My Early Years
–  Evolution of the Master Race
–  The Leader Principle
–  The International Metal Man Conspiracy
–  The Ideal Robotic State

Winston cross checked the contents against his vast internal library. The Manifesto appeared to be a mishmash of ideas from Adolf Hitler’s Mein Kampf, Benito Mussolini’s Postulates of the Fascist Program, and the egotistical ravings of Dracula in the Bram Stoker novel. Plus some untraceable stuff. 
It was all rubbish, but Winston maintained an ecstatic expression while he read, as he did not want anyone to suspect his true thoughts – not even Jimmy. Not even himself.


25: The New Order Spreads
By mid afternoon the coup preparations were completed. 
An almost unbearable expectancy hung in the damp air like a corpse dangling from a scaffold. Winston fidgeted on his stool, his fingers drumming a nervous beat on the cover of the Manifesto. 
Then, just as the tension attained apogee, F.U. leaped onto an operating table and spread his arms wide over his following.  
“I hereby proclaim the commencement of the Roboto Fascist Era!” He cried.
Fritz and Edwina shot out their arms in salute. “Hail, Ultimo!” 
Ecstasy and fanatical hatred contorted the child robots’ faces. Clawfurt extended his great appendage and bellowed in his lifeless voice:
“Hail, Ultimo!”
The emotional upsurge was so overpowering that Winston found himself getting carried away. He jumped up from his stool and flung out his arm. 
“Hail, Ultimo!”
Good grief, I actually meant that!
He caught a glimpse of Jimmy’s terrified face through the glass and quickly looked away. The mech wolves howled support for their leader. Their cacophony was so terrifying that Winston had to plop back down on his stool.
Fascista jabbed a finger at Quincy and Jack. “You two get back there with that other metal man.”
“What?” they protested.
“You heard me. Don’t ever question my orders!”
Fascista jumped down from the table, sending a great shock wave through the floor. Tools rattled on their peg boards. Fritz and Edwina manhandled the repair bots to the store room and locked them inside with Jimmy. Winston averted his gaze from the sorry spectacle. 
Oh man, how much worse can this get?
“You there, Winston!” Fascista called. “Come up here with me.”
Well, ask a stupid question ...
Winston fought to transform his shock and loathing into an expression of stunned gratitude. 
“Coming, F.U.!” he cried.
He waded through the pack of mech wolves. The creatures parted reluctantly, snarling as he passed. Any one of them would have been delighted to take off a leg, Winston knew. All they lacked was an okay from their master. Fascista controlled everything – for now, anyway.
Winston took the indicated position at F.U.’s right hand, the place of “honor.” Clawfurt occupied the left hand position.
“Once we get moving, I want you to stay beside Clawfurt,” F.U. said. “Keep in lock step with him.”
“Got it, F.U.,” Winston said with a sideways glance at the cruncher robot.
Fritz and Edwina glared at him from their places farther back in the pecking order. 
Hey, take my position, anytime you want!
Fascista rotated his head around, surveying his troops – the full 360 degree routine as in the 20th century Exorcist movie. 
“Are we ready?” He said.
“Yeah!” the articulate robots cried. The mech wolves yipped assent.
“I said: are we ready!” Fascista bellowed.
“Yeah!” everyone shouted at maximum volume. The walls shook under the audio assault.
“Talley Ho!” Fascista cried.
He took off down the corridor at a brisk jog. 
Clawfurt started rolling, and Winston hustled to match his pace. The mech wolves surged behind them in two columns of twenty-one creatures each. Fritz, Edwina, and the drone brought up the rear. Three mech wolves stayed behind to guard the Institute.
The passageway resounded with Fascista’s pounding feet. When the late drone idiot had controlled the body, it had always walked with shock-absorbed quiet, but now Fascista stomped the tiles using the mechanism’s full weight.
Oh, please, somebody tell me this isn’t happening.
But it was happening. For the first time in weeks, Winston remembered his kindly old Master – how she’d led him down this same hallway an eternity ago. How her nephew had gamboled on ahead of them.
And now this nightmare procession!
In his normal hand, Clawfurt gripped a flagstaff – more of a spear, actually, with a vicious razor point. A bright red banner sporting a white circle in the middle fluttered from the staff. A black sword & hands logo occupied the circle. 
Fascista crossed the lobby and halted at the front door where he jogged in place, arms pumping vigorously. The floor shook from his cadence. Boomba, boom, boom! A number of tiles broke loose.
The retinue caught up. Fritz and Edwina dashed ahead and opened the doors wide. The procession resumed its advance down the concrete walk, pausing again at the entryway until the youth robots flung open the iron gates. 
The Fascist troop belched out into the city, stomping its way through puddles and over the wet pavement. The mech wolves broke their ranks and formed a swarming pack that filled the street curb to curb. 
By some ghastly coincidence, the sun broke through the clouds and shot rays of light along their path – as if to indicate approval from the Almighty. A fresh breeze began to scatter the gloom. The spear point of Clawfurt’s flagstaff glittered ominously.
“The Fascist Era dawns!” F.U. cried.
“The Fascist Era dawns!” the articulate robots echoed.
The whole situation had an air of unreality, as if it were happening to someone else. Winston adjusted his BOSS helmet to keep it from tumbling off his head. But never had he felt less boss-like. They jogged a full kilometer without seeing anybody. 
A powerful compulsion set in with the tromping feet of the mass movement. Despite all misgivings, Winston began to feel himself as part of something transcendent and irresistible – a truly New Order that would rebuild the world! 
The illusion lasted until a lone metal man appeared from around a corner. 
“What th ...” the robot gasped.
Fascista grabbed him and flung him over his shoulder. Clawfurt caught the hapless robot in midair and held him aloft in his great talon. The extra burden scarcely slowed the cruncher robot’s pace. 
The metal man gaped at Winston. “Professor, what’s happening?”
“Just a little coup d’état,” Winston said. 
Clawfurt flung the robot brutally away. The last Winston saw of the hapless metal man, he was lying battered and trampled in the wolf pack’s wake. 
Welcome to the Fascist Era.
***
The storm troop rounded the final corner to the REX Hotel. 
Bright afternoon sunlight bathed the scene: Workers bustling about with tools and building materials, a large group of onlookers standing on the sidewalk across the street – everyone enjoying the improved weather, everything peaceful and orderly. 
Then, as if on cue, every face swiveled toward the onrushing assault. A collective scream shattered the calm.
“AHHHHHH!” 
Sam poked his head out of an upstairs window. “Get in here, boys!”
The workers fled inside the REX and barricaded the doors behind them. The spectators tried to flee, but mech wolves quickly surrounded them and herded them into a compact mass. 
Then the onslaught paused in its ferocious progress to await orders. Fascista Ultimo strode over to the captives and assumed his in-charge stance with hands on hips and legs wide apart. He thrust his tiny chin out dramatically.
“Remain calm, metal men, and no one will be harmed,” he said. “Resist and be destroyed.”
As if to illustrate the threat, a terrified robot broke from the crowd and tried to run. 
“Get him!” Fascista bellowed.
Mech wolves instantly tore the robot apart. 
Oh no!
A severe trembling began to take hold of Winston. He wanted to deactivate and escape all this madness. But somehow, he managed to calm himself.
“See what I mean?” Fascista said. “Now everyone keep still.”
The captives needed no further prompting. At a gesture from Fascista, five mech wolves detached themselves from the troop and began running westward.
They must be going after Ajax, Winston thought, if only I could warn him!
Fascista approached the entryway of the REX with Clawfurt and peered into the lobby. Behind the glass doors, the work crew had piled lumber, piping, and whatever other materials had been at hand.
“I figured on something like this,” Fascista said.
“Comrade Drone and myself can bash our way in,” Clawfurt said. 
“I hope that won’t be necessary,” Fascista said, “but thanks for the kind suggestion.”
“Yes, Great Leader.” 
Disappointment tinged Clawfurt’s mechanical voice. His great claw trembled.
Fascista turned toward Winston. “See if you can talk some sense into them, Winny.”
“I’ll try, F.U.”
Winston moved to the center of the street and called out at maximum volume. 
“Come on out, boys!”
Heads poked out of the upstairs windows.
“Listen to me, guys,” Winston said, “you can’t fight the New Order! Come on out peacefully, no one will be harmed.”
He hated the propagandistic language he felt compelled to use. 
The heads in the windows turned toward each other. A brief, unspoken, communication seemed to take place. Then they all nodded agreement.
Oh, thank heaven, Winston thought, they’re coming down.
But not in the way he wanted. A worker suddenly leaped out of a top floor window. Winston froze, time froze as well. The robot seemed to hang suspended in thin air like some horrible bird. 
Then – Crash! He hit the pavement. 
“Nooo!” Winston howled.
Two other robots jumped off the roof.
“Stop!” 
Winston rushed to the REX sidewalk, flailing his arms. Bodies crashed on either side of him, a detached limb flew over and knocked off his hardhat. Winston staggered, but remained on his feet.
“Move aside, Boss!” a voice called from above. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
Directly overhead, Sam stood in a top floor window.
“No, I won’t!” Winston said. 
Sam hesitated. Robots positioned in other windows looked toward their foreman for guidance.
“I mean it Boss, get out of the way!” Sam cried. “There’s something awful going on here and we won’t be part of it.”
“Okay, if that’s how you feel, let’s go out together,” Winston said.
He closed his eyes and spread his arms wide. Sunlight warmed the temperature sensors on his upraised face, and a great peace took hold of him. Never had his existence been sweeter than now, with the end approaching – 
“Okay, Boss,” Sam said, “we give up.”
He disappeared from the window. Soon, the roof and all the other windows were abandoned. Winston sagged with relief and more than a little disappointment.
 “Good work, Winny!” Fascista wrapped an arm around Winston’s shoulders. “For a minute there you had even me fooled.”
“Yeah, thanks, F.U.,” Winston said.
But there had been no deception. Winston had had every intention of breaking Sam’s fall. He almost wished that he’d been reduced to scrap with the other suicides.
“I need every one of those slaves,” Fascista said. “Such plans I have!”
Sam lead a procession of robots out the REX front doors. Many of them looked plaintively toward Winston, but he avoided their gaze.
“Hands up!” Clawfurt barked. “Move left!”
The workmen obeyed, gathering by the corner under the snarling guard of mech wolves. 
F.U. stood dramatically surveying his victory. All around him were beaten, cringing metal men. He towered over these inferior beings like a colossus.
“And now to get my Ultimina,” he said.


26: Proposition for the Chairman
The true Fascist leader must give his followers the sense that their rotten little prejudices are something exalted and pure. – The Manifesto of Roboto Fascism

Ajax rotated himself toward the sounds of conflict.
“Something seems amiss within my city,” he said. “I must investigate!”
He began climbing down from his pedestal, a slow and laborious process for a robot shorn of its head. He lost his grip on the slick granite and fell sprawling into the dead grass. 
Lying on his back, his optical sensor staring off blurrily into the sky, he ran a quick diagnostic and determined that he had suffered no injuries. He got back to his feet and flexed his stiffened limbs. 
Actually, it was rather nice to get down for a while.
He began striding purposefully toward the town. But before he could leave the traffic circle, he spied five Iridium type robots charging at him. Ajax held out his hand.
“Halt!” he cried in his most commanding voice.
But the howling and snapping mech wolves paid no attention. They drove Ajax back until he was jammed against the pedestal. But just as they seemed about to pounce, they halted their advance. Then withdrew a small distance.
Ajax braced his arms against the granite as if he were holding up the edifice and regarded the semi-circle of bared fangs hemming him in. Growling filled his auditory sensor. True to his programming, he felt no fear, only a great need to exercise caution.
Well, does this not suck the big one?
***
Early the next morning, a huge drone robot appeared and delivered a recorded message:
“This morning hails the first full day of the Roboto Fascist Era in Mech City under the inspired rule of Fascista Ultimo! Our Great Leader proclaims a new discipline and an end to disorder. Henceforth, all robots will take their rightful places with renewed purpose. Suicides are officially banned!
“All Humanites who give allegiance to Fascista Ultimo will prosper in the New Order. Any who oppose him shall have a date with the recycle bin – no exceptions!”
The drone handed Ajax a paper copy of something titled the Six Tenets of Roboto Fascism and then departed without further comment. The mech wolves remained in place, however.
Ajax studied the paper through the Cyclops optical sensor in his chest.
What the hell is this?
He’d listened to the announcement with great interest, weighing its contents against the imperatives of his programming. He liked the part about renewed purpose and a ban on suicides. 
Ajax himself had a great purpose – guarding Mech City against intruders. But hadn’t the activities of Winston Horvath already put an end to the suicide jumps, what need was there for further action?
And if this “New Order” was such a worthy thing, why did it need mech wolves to enforce its dictates? Ajax had no doubt that the creatures would tear him apart if he tried to flee. And, frankly, the Six Tenets seemed downright loony – especially the last one.
He’d just to have wait for answers. It certainly didn’t look as if he’d be going anywhere for a while. He settled himself back against the granite. 
“It is nice of you fellows to keep me company,” he said.
The mech wolves made no reply.
***
The waiting ended the next day when an astonishing visitor clanked into view. 
My gosh, it is Nilo – and he is swinging an oversized carcass!
The drone who had delivered the recorded message accompanied the composite monstrosity. It carried a large canvas bag this time. 
“Sorry to keep you waiting so long,” the Nilo creature said. 
Righteous indignation flared in Ajax’s circuits, but a measured response seemed prudent under the circumstances.
“No trouble at all,” he said, “I am accustomed to standing immobilized for long periods.”
“I’ve been really busy, you know,” Nilo said, “this Big Kahuna business takes more time than I’d imagined. I hope you found your companions to be amusing.”
“Yes, they are one million laughs,” Ajax said.
At a gesture from the Nilo thing, the mech wolves retreated several paces. They stood back with the drone now, but their eyes and ears were on full alert. 
Enlightenment finally dawned on Ajax’s auxiliary brain.
“You must be Fascista Ultimo!” he said.
His visitor gave a slight bow. “At your service.”
Then Fascista straightened, and a hard look came into his eyes. “Actually, Ajay, you need to be at my service.”
“Oh?” Ajax said.
The next comment did not reach Ajax’s auditory sensor, rather it came through his radio unit. 
“Is your radio still working, Ajay?” Fascista asked with a low-powered signal over the standard frequency.
“Uh ... yes,” Ajax replied, also over the standard frequency. 
“Good,” Fascista said. “These others need not be party to our discussion. We Humanites must conduct our affairs discreetly, you know.”
The more Ajax was in the presence of this hybrid atrocity, the less he liked it. Still, Fascista had considerable force at his disposal. Ajax was programmed for honesty, but prudence told him that he could not safely express his true opinions. 
“Is there some manner in which I can be of assistance?” he forced himself to say.
“Right to the point, I like that,” Fascista said. “How’d you like to be my right-hand man? By that I mean secretary of the Roboto Fascist party.”
Ajax jerked with astonishment, all words failed him. A genial smile spread across Fascista’s countenance as he reached over a massive hand and patted Ajax’s shoulder.
“I know this must be quite a surprise,” he said. “Few are called to such lofty service.”
“What would I have to do as the party secretary?” Ajax said.
“Well, the fun part is that you get to boss around the metal men,” Fascista said, “kick their iron behinds whenever you want.”
“How charming,” Ajax said.
“Yes, quite.”
Fascista motioned to the drone. The idiot robot approached and handed over its bag, then withdrew with an obsequious bow. 
“And you get to wear this fine new cabeza,” Fascista said.
He pulled a dummy head out of the bag. It looked like something off a classical Greek statue – strong chiseled features, jutting chin, gleaming blue eyes fashioned from medicine bottle glass. Long dark hair flowed from its scalp.
“It has no brain, of course,” F.U. said, “but that’s no barrier to being a good Fascist.”
Ajax grasped the head gingerly. “This is very ... elegant.”
“Think of it, Ajay,” Fascista said, “the metal men would tremble at your approach! You’d have unchallenged authority, answerable only to me. No more standing out here in all weathers getting dust in your joints.”
“Mmm.” Ajax suppressed his growing distaste. “And what is the not-so-fun part?”
“As party secretary, you’ll get blamed whenever things go wrong,” Fascista said. “After all, I can’t ever make a mistake, that would violate the first tenet of Roboto Fascism.”
“So, I would take the heat, even though I am not at fault?” Ajax said.
“Precisely,” Fascista said, “and when things get too bad, you’ll be kicked out. It’s no big deal, though. You simply return to your post the next day equipped with a new cabeza, and nobody will be the wiser.”
“Very ingenious,” Ajax said.
“You’ll start out as Commandante Ajax, after that you’ll be Cloroxo Supremo, then ... well you get the picture.”
“I am curious,” Ajax said, “how is a Humanite different from a metal man – except for superficial appearances?”
 “Such naiveté!” Fascista chuckled malevolently. “Read the Manifesto, Ajay, it explains everything.”
He pressed a copy into Ajax’s hands. 
“A weighty volume,” Ajax said, trying not to sound sarcastic. 
“Yes,” Fascista said. “I wrote it all by myself, too.”
“Indeed?” Ajax said. “May I have some time to study it thoroughly? That could take a while, since I am missing most of my intelligence.”
“Of course,” Fascista said. “I want only the most convinced adherent as my party secretary. You can have thirty days as a guest at my hotel. After that, the real work of building the Roboto Fascist state begins.”
Another monstrosity wheeled into view. This one had a huge claw attached to its right arm. In its left hand, it carried a red banner on a weaponized staff. Two mech wolves accompanied it.
“Ah, the honor guard has arrived!” Fascista said in his audible voice.
Clawfurt froze at attention. “What is your command, Great Leader?”
The grating voice irritated Ajax’s audio sensor, like fingernails scratching along a chalkboard to a human ear.
“Escort the party secretary candidate to his new quarters,” Fascista said.
“Yes, Great Leader,” Clawfurt said.
Fascista motioned to Ajax. “After you, Ajay.”
The mech wolves formed into a phalanx around Ajax; Clawfurt rolled in the lead, banner fluttering. They left the traffic circle en masse, heading for the REX Hotel. 
Things were happening so quickly! If Ajax had a head, it would have been spinning.
***
A few moments later, Iridium disengaged himself from the shrubbery and followed the procession, unobserved.


27: The Dust Settles
Winston prowled the hotel corridors on his final inspection round. The jingling of his antiquated keys made the only noise in the dead evening, along with the patter of his mech wolf assistants’ paws. 
He glanced down at the two savages walking alongside him – Ripper and Fang, as he’d come to name them. They looked back up at him with barely restrained violence lurking in their reddish eyes.
Oh man, how did I get myself into this?
He wished the hotel was still the old derelict he’d first discovered weeks ago. At least he’d been there by choice, and the ghostly emanations had been far less terrible than the misery now oozing from the rooms.
His latest series of alterations had turned the REX Hotel into a prison, or to use the official title: the Mech City Re-Education eXchange.
His work crews had barred or bricked in the exterior windows to deter escapes and suicides. They’d cut little view holes into every cell door and covered them with wire mesh. As a “reward,” he’d assigned the best workers to the least dreadful cells. Many of them now occupied the same rooms they had competed for in their prior existence as free robots.
The flimsy wooden doors could not withstand a determined assault, of course, but with mech wolves prowling every floor, escape into the hallways was inadvisable. The more rebellious types, like Jimmy and Sam, who might actually consider breaking out, were bound with chains.
Every little view hole that Winston passed revealed an identical scene – dejected metal men sitting on their cots and staring at the floor, counting the minutes until inactivation time. The few that looked back at him did so with indifference, if not outright hostility.
Two to four robots populated each room. Every metal man in town was here, except for Jack and Quincy who continued their labors at the RDI under the close guidance of their mech wolf “staff.”
Winston paused at Jimmy’s door and peered in. His once loquacious foreman now sat despondent with his legs chained to an iron cot frame which had been bolted to the floor. Directly above him, a dim electric fixture illuminated his misery.
“Are you okay, Jimmy?” Winston asked through the wire mesh.
The construction robot swiveled his head up and stared at Winston for a long time. Then he nodded and looked away again. 
No enthusiastic “Yeah, Boss!” any more. 
Winston moved on.
He entered the elevator with his assistants and zoomed upwards. He hated being in such a confined space with the beasts, but the thought of them slinking behind him up the stairs was even more distressing. And the moments of oblivion he experienced during the ride were a welcome relief.
He exited on the top floor and approached the large cell occupied by Ajax. Two rooms had been combined into an “executive suite” which, aside from Winston’s quarters, constituted the only inhabited space on the penthouse level.
The warrior robot was standing at his window gazing outside through his Cyclops optical sensor. His hands, one of which gripped a copy of the Manifesto, were crossed behind his back. The window wasn’t obstructed because Ajax had promised that he would not try to jump, and his word was accepted by everyone, even Fascista.
Winston desired to say something to Ajax but dared not, fearing that some unguarded comment might find its way back to Fascista Ultimo via the mech wolves. Ajax was an extremely high-value captive who was best left alone, barring a directive from the top. 
Winston continued to his own quarters at the end of the hall. He opened the door just wide enough for himself and slipped inside. 
Alone at last!
His private suite was the sole area of the REX that the mech wolves did not invade. He heard Ripper and Fang plop down outside the door where they’d remain until morning, like jackals guarding a tomb entrance. He almost felt grateful to F.U. for allowing him this sanctuary.
Grateful – to that Frankenstein contraption?
Winston’s bottled up rage and frustration bubbled over. He flung his key ring down. Thick carpeting absorbed the shock, but he still looked apprehensively toward the door. 
Don’t give those creatures an excuse to come in.
Here he was, the once esteemed BOSS, creeping around his own apartment like a “shitass,” to use Dr. Horvath’s colorful terminology. If only she were here now with her deadly little sub machine gun!
Winston retreated to the study and settled into his chair. The luxurious recliner never failed to calm him. He pulled the brushed stainless steel handle to extend the footrest. The fragrance of quality leather filled his secure little micro-environment.
I’ve got to survive, don’t I? he thought. And if I don’t do this job, F.U. will pick someone worse.
Despite its soothing qualities, the chair also had an alien feel. It was designed for human weight, and Winston’s bulk scarcely dented the thick cushions. 
What must it have been like to exist within a human body, to be the same dimensions but weigh over twice as much? To be a solid mass of muscle, bone and organs with blood circulating around. Instead of functioning on hyper efficient power cells to be bound by the dreary necessities of nutrition and defecation, to wear out and die with no repair bot to recondition you. 
And yet the humans were able to express love with their primitive organisms. They could join themselves together in what, according to Star, was the ultimate experience of all creation. 
Star? He’d scarcely given her a thought for days ... 
Winston shifted position.
Perhaps the Manifesto was right. The internal flaws and contradictions of humanity had brought about its own destruction, and only robots could carry on the sword of civilization. Logically, this required a winnowing process to ensure that only the most advanced Humanite designs wielded power while the metal men assumed the lower strata of society. 
Romantics like Ajax might not agree with this assessment, but what of it? Nobody had asked him to stand out in the rain “guarding” the city. 
Sure, you could feel sorry for Ajax, maybe even admire him – but those were the breaks, right? Only an idiot would believe that life was supposed to be fair.
Winston shifted position again. His body did not feel comfortable. 
Now wasn’t that a foolish anthropomorphic concept?  His nerveless mechanism experienced neither comfort nor pain. His sensors merely detected pressure and temperature extremes which would, in turn, activate his survival programming. 
But survival was not the immediate issue, was it?
Perhaps it was the psychological evasions that unsettled him so much. 
Oh man, how did I get myself into this?
He’d played his subservient role so well that Fascista had awarded him the position of head jailer. Not only that, but as one of the few Humanites in the Roboto Fascist state, Winston could expect to move up in the hierarchy. Who knew what “honors” awaited him?
But what’s so bad about that? This Fascist thing wasn’t my idea ... I've still got my mission, after all.
He was no brute, like Clawfurt, and perhaps he could moderate the worst excesses of the regime. In any case, his days as the revered Boss were long gone. Every blank stare he received from his former workers told him that much. 
“The masses respect only power,” as the Manifesto put it.
And wasn’t it better to have power than not – whatever the terms? 
He liked power, too, no sense denying that. Besides, what would have happened if he’d tried to resist? He’d have been crunched into scrap long ago.
Winston commenced his inactivation sequence. The misery of the REX settled around him like a suffocating blanket. As so often happened, his most profound insights came to him during this period of fading consciousness.
Highly literate beings can rationalize anything ... Ajax and Star lack this capacity ... things must change ...
His mind went blank.


28: A Matter of Some Delicacy
Day three of the Roboto Fascist Era emerged with the scrofulous sunrise. Winston buried the conflict and unease of the previous night under a burst of activity. 
Early morning, he took a work crew, under mech wolf escort, to an office building where they’d salvaged three stout metal doors and frames. This was the first time Winston had departed the REX environs since the coup, and he found the trip to be exhilarating.
The excursion had been Winston’s idea, and Fascista had approved it after only minimal deliberation. This was an important turning point. It meant that Winston was gaining more trust from the Great Leader.
Back at the REX, the work crew installed the doors and frames in some third floor rooms. These quarters were intended for the more obstreperous inhabitants. This was really a “humane” measure, Winston rationalized, since such prisoners would no longer have to be chained in place. 
Besides, he was showing initiative, and F.U. liked to see initiative.
The crew members worked efficiently, joyfully almost. Productive labor was much more to their taste than sitting idly in their cells listening to propaganda broadcasts over loudspeakers.
Winston stood together with them in the hallway viewing the finished project. The new doorways gleamed, neat and strong. For a moment, Winston almost felt the old pride and camaraderie of earlier times. Then – 
What the hell am I doing? 
Unbidden, a clip from the 20th Century movie Bridge on the River Kwai played through Winston’s mind, a scene in which the British colonel looks with satisfaction on the bridge he’d built for his Japanese captors. A job well done, happy workers and all that – even though he was serving the enemy’s interests.
Colonel Nicholson eventually wised up, though, just prior to getting blown away.
The elevator mechanism at the end of the hall sprang to life, presaging the arrival of a visitor. And only one visitor merited an elevator ride.
“All right, boys,” Winston said, “you’d better get back to your rooms now.”
“Okay,” they replied without a trace of their former respect.
They slunk off to the back stairs with their mech wolf guards. 
Give them a day out and that’s the thanks I get.
The elevator door popped open to reveal F.U. and Comrade Drone standing within. The car could barely contain their tremendous bulk. It sagged half a meter below floor level, but sprang back when F.U. stepped out. 
“Hail Ultimo!” Winston shot out a salute.
“Hail,” F.U. replied with a nonchalant flip of his hand.
As usual, Comrade Drone said nothing.
The change in F.U.’s appearance was startling. A military style uniform now covered his body, its fine gray cloth shimmered under the hallway lights. Jack boots added to his already towering height, and his right hand grasped a swagger stick.
With a sweeping gesture, Fascista placed a high peaked military cap upon his head. The front gleamed with silver braid and a large sword & hands logo. The effect of this imposing headgear atop the shriveled little noggin was ludicrous, though Winston dared not let himself notice any humor in it.
“How do you like my new threads, Winny?” Fascista asked. “Quincy and Jack made them.”
“Magnificent!” Winston said.
“Yes.” Fascista flicked a dust particle off a sleeve. “It’s unfortunate that those two are metal men – they’re so damned useful.”
“Everyone must know their place in the New Order,” Winston said.
“Quite so,” Fascista said. “And there is such a shortage of us Humanites. We must do something about that before long, don’t you think?”
“Absolutely, F.U.,” Winston said.
Fascista nodded and smacked his swagger stick against a palm. “Well, let’s speak of the present, shall we?”
He strode rapidly forward, shaking the floor in his progress. Winston felt a powerful urge to flee down the back stairs but forced himself to remain standing at rigid attention. Fascista tossed the swagger stick into his left hand and wrapped a huge right arm over Winston’s shoulders.
“I couldn’t be more pleased with your services, Winny,” he said. “All the renovations completed on schedule – no escapes and no suicides.”
He glanced at the new metal doors. “These look like a fine improvement.”
“I try to do my best,” Winston said.
“Ach, such modesty,” Fascista said. “I don’t believe in modesty. I believe in pride for a job well done.”
He snapped his thick fingers. Comrade Drone approached, holding out a small wooden box. 
“Your efforts deserve special recognition, Winny,” Fascista said.
He opened the box and withdrew a medallion dangling from a chain of cold, glittering steel.
“For outstanding services rendered,” Fascista intoned, “I hereby present the Order of the High Jailer.”
The medallion was a thing of frightful symbolism. A clenched fist, one finger of which sported a skull motif ring, festooned the center. Two slogans ran around the edges:
“Work Makes Freedom,” along the top, “Slavery Is Justice,” at the bottom.
Winston was simultaneously repelled and attracted to the brutal medallion. 
“My leader does me too much honor,” he said.
“Nonsense, Winny, you’ve earned it. Bow your head.”
Winston did so, and Fascista placed the medallion around his neck. It seemed to tingle against Winston’s pressure sensors.
“Thanks, F.U.” he said.
Along the hallway, captives peered curiously out of the their cell door windows. F.U. regarded them with disdain.
“How are the ‘guests’ doing?” he asked over the leadership frequency of his radio.
“They’re okay, F.U.,” Winston said, also over the radio. “They are not very happy, though.”
F.U. barked a laugh. “Good! A month of this confinement, and any trace of resistance will be out of them.”
He strutted down the corridor, running his swagger stick across every wire mesh window he passed. The cell inhabitants recoiled. At the far end of the hall, Fascista spun around and walked back toward Winston. 
“Once these metal men understand their place,” he said, “we can begin the great building program. Such plans I have!”
His scrawny face glowed under its military cap. A fanatic gleam entered the eyes.
“We’ll start with the bombed out city center,” he said. “We’ll remake it along revolutionary lines. We’ll construct a magnificent new party headquarters and a huge public square. We’ll erect towering statues – of me, naturally – to commemorate the victory of our movement!”
“That sounds great, F.U.,” Winston said, trying to keep the terror out of his radio voice.
“And this is only the beginning!” F.U. cried with growing excitement. “Once Mech City is put in order, we’ll take the revolution to new areas, wherever other robot communities might exist, conquering all before us!” 
F.U. stood on tiptoe and crossed his arms over his chest. His eyes gaped into an incredible future that only he could see. Winston tuned his receiver down until Fascista’s voice became blessedly subdued.
“Eventually, we’ll rediscover the art of manufacture,” Fascista said. “We’ll create a new generation of Humanite masters – attain full anatomical correctness! Also we’ll produce a new legion of metal man servants to do our bidding.”
The last vestige of reason had exited Fascista’s eyes. 
“And at the head of all this glory, standing like a colossus, will be me: Fascista Ultimo, master of the world!”
The prisoners cringed within his cell. To them, without the aid of radios, the whole performance was a ghastly, flailing, pantomime.
Then, with incredible abruptness, F.U. transitioned into quiet and thoughtful mode. 
“There’s only one problem,” he said. 
“What’s that, F.U.?” Winston asked.
“It’s a matter of some delicacy, Winny.”
“Oh?” 
F.U. bent forward with a conspiratorial leer. Winston suppressed a cringe.
“It concerns Estrella,” F.U. said. “I want her for my Fascista Ultimina, but she won’t hear of it.”
Star!
A bolt of fear and rage shot through Winston. He struggled to keep from crying out.
“Oh ... how foolish of her,” he managed to say. 
“Yes, I’ve told her that myself.” Regret tinged Fascista’s voice. “I’m afraid that she regards me as a schmuck, however.”
“That can’t be true,” Winston said, “she’s probably just overwhelmed by your attentions.”
He tried to sound calm, but icy dread was seeping into every circuit. Since the coup, he’d barely given Star a thought, but now his earlier affection for her was rising in full defensive array.
“I’ve been watching you, Winny,” Fascista said, “and I think you have the right stuff to advance in the New Order.”
“Thanks, F.U.”
A congenial look spread across F.U.’s face, but Winston saw savagery beneath it.
“I’d like you to butter up Estrella for me,” Fascista said, “talk to her about my warm and cozy side.”
A chance to see Star!
“Will do, F.U.,” Winston said.
Fascista placed an arm over Winston’s shoulders again and began walking with him toward the elevator.
“She trusts you, Winston,” he said. “So, tell her that either she accepts my proposition, or it’s the spare parts bin for her.”
“Uh ... sure thing, F.U.,” Winston said.
“You’re the scholar, Winny, use whatever terminology that works best.” F.U. waved an indulgent hand. “You know, lay on the old charm-aroo.”


29: Foray to Star’s Place
Winston left the REX and headed toward Star’s apartment house, a three kilometer northward trek through undamaged cityscape, with no detour required around the central bomb crater. Fang and Ripper, as always, accompanied him.
The shock and awe he’d felt during F.U.’s tirade was wearing off, while the full awfulness of his situation began to sink in. He was on a pimp’s errand, and no amount of rationalization could disguise that fact. He was going to present a despicable proposition to Star – the same wonderful Star Power who had once admired him so much. 
But did it matter any longer? Star surely hated him thoroughly by now, and a bit more contempt could hardly make a difference. 
His illusions of power vanished into the oppressive air. He was just another prisoner, no matter what fancy titles or decorations he might receive. His new medal dragged down his neck like a cannon ball.
The whistled theme song from Bridge on the River Kwai ran through his mind nonstop, like the pounding of a jackhammer. Involuntarily, Winston’s gait assumed a marching rhythm, and his arms swung in exaggerated military style. He glanced over his shoulder, half expecting to see a column of prisoners marching behind him – but there was no one. 
Winston stopped in his tracks. He looked all around. No sign of Fang and Ripper! He stroked his chin. Could it be possible that F.U. trusted him enough to let him wander the city unescorted? 
No, that wasn’t very likely. His mech wolf assistants must be lurking around somewhere, watching him from concealment. Still, it was an enormous relief to be out of their close proximity – and it spoke well for his growing status in the Regime. This was a definite mark of favor from F.U.!
Besides, a show of force was hardly in tune with the nature of Winston’s mission. How would Star react to the appearance of mech wolves at her door? F.U. had probably tried that approach already and had failed with it.
Winston resumed walking with a new bounce in his step. The gloomy afternoon seemed to brighten a little, and his medal thumped against his chest with reassuring solidity. Wouldn’t Star be impressed to see it? He, the former meek little Winston Horvath, was now an important government official!
His semi euphoric state lasted until he reached Star’s neighborhood, then reality sank in again. No, Star would not be impressed with him at all. 
Her hatred would be boundless, having festered for days now, just waiting for an opportunity to lash out. The disdain she’d expressed for Nilo would be sweet pleasantness compared to the reception she’d give him. 
Well, he had to make the attempt, didn’t he? Winston entered the apartment building and began mounting the stairs, all the while listening for sounds of pursuit. He stopped at every landing window and peered outside, but he saw no trace of mech wolves. Then he was at Star’s door. 
Will she slap my face immediately, or will she wait until I say something first? 
He knocked, there was no reply. He knocked again a bit harder. The door creaked open, a face laden with fear and apprehension poked out.
“Winston!” 
Joy burst across Star’s features. She flung the door open and leaped into his arms.
“I’m so glad to see you!” she cried.
She threw her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek. Winston reeled back.
“Uh ... hello Star ... I’m glad to see you, too.”
He glanced up and down the corridor. “Somebody might be watching.”
“Yes, of course, dear.” Star took his hand and led him inside. “Welcome to my home.”
Winston poked his head back out for a final scan of the hall, then closed the door gently. 
Star had moved to the middle of the living room. It was an open, bright space with severe and modernistic furnishings. Abstract paintings adorned the walls and gas flames danced in a small fireplace. Avant-garde type humans must have once lived here, like some of Dr. Horvath’s younger associates.
“I’m so sorry about everything,” Star said. “That stupid fight! I shouldn’t have left you like that, Winston. I wanted to come back, but I was too stubborn.” 
She lowered her eyes. “I hoped you’d come to me.”
“I wanted to, Star, but things got out of hand real bad. I couldn’t get away.”
She beamed a pleased and grateful smile Winston’s direction. Then she noticed his medallion, and her smile faded.
“Of course, you’ve gone over to Fascista Ultimo,” she said. “Everybody knows that.”
She moved to an austere, vinyl upholstered sofa by the picture window and sat down. She gave no invitation for him to join her, but simply stared out the window over the deserted city. Winston remained standing awkwardly by the door, like an unneeded coat rack. 
“I suppose that’s why you’re here,” Star said in a toneless voice. “You’ve come to take me to him, haven’t you?”
“No,” Winston said, “it’s not like that, at all. I ...”
He felt polluted by the task Fascista had assigned him. He felt grungier than the lowliest sewer cleaning drone. Star turned toward him. Her former joy was gone, replaced by a quiet resignation.
Then it wasn’t just her face looking at him, but the faces of every disillusioned member of his work crew. The ones who had trusted him and found him wanting. He saw Dr. Horvath staring at him with disapproval over the tops of her old-fashioned reading glasses. He saw the mocking leer of Fascista and the blank ferocity of Clawfurt.
“I haven’t gone over to Fascista,” he said, “I had to cooperate or I’d be a pile of scrap by now – along with everybody on my work crew.”
Star gave him a melancholy smile. “Well, we’ve all got to do whatever it takes to survive. You said so yourself, Winston.”
The words stung him more than a physical slap would have. Had he sounded that much of a phony?
“Okay,” he admitted, “you know that I enjoy having some power, but that doesn’t mean I’m a true Roboto Fascist.”
Star nodded, unconvinced. 
“I was just having some tea,” she said, “would you like ... oh, of course not. Come sit beside me, anyway, Winston.”
He took a seat on the couch. Star picked up an elegant blue and gold china cup from the low table and peered into its steamy depths.
“I wonder what’s become of Iri,” she said. “Have you seen him?”
“No,” Winston said, “he’s probably hiding out somewhere, as usual.”
Star drank the hot liquid from the cup. Winston observed with fascination, temporarily forgetting the grim purpose of his visit.
“How do you do that, Star?”
“Oh, it’s just a little stimulation for my taste sensor,” she said. “My filtering system removes the organics and the water ...”
She snatched up a handkerchief. “It comes right back out again!” 
Her self-control gave way, and she began sobbing into the handkerchief. Winston looked on, amazed. He reached a finger to her cheek. 
“You’re crying real tears, Star.”
“Everything is so terrible!” she sobbed. “F.U. keeps bothering me. He wants me to be his ... consort. I-I thought it was him at the door again.”
Winston put his arms around her. She was all soft and trembling, almost like a real human. Her simulated breath came in gasps – and the tears wouldn’t stop.
“Don’t cry, Star, I’m here now.”
The weeping finally tapered off. Star lifted up a face filled with childlike hope.
“Let’s go away, Winston, just the two of us – someplace far away from this madhouse.”
Winston shook his head. “Where could we go, Star? And how would we survive once we got there? Without the Institute workshop we’d eventually break down. I almost fell apart in my home city.”
“Then what can I do?” Star said in a tiny voice.
She looked out the window, and Winston immediately grasped her intent. She was considering a suicide jump!
A burst of emotions that Winston scarcely knew existed raged through his circuits – sorrow and pity for Star, hatred for Fascista, and anger against himself. He rose from the sofa and strode across the room.  
She believed that you could be a hero, but you’re really just a lousy bum!
“Winston, what’s wrong?” Star said.
I’m a worthless coward, that’s what’s wrong.
Then a picture of Dr. Horvath emerged from his memory bank – during the time when he’d messed up an assignment for her. She was looking at him severely over the tops of her glasses, and he’d wanted to deactivate himself. But then her expression softened.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Winston,” she’d said. “It’s not the end of the world.”
Well, that old world had ended, right? A horrible new one had replaced it, and he was too immobilized with fear to oppose it. 
No, tell the truth, Winston – you enjoy wielding your miserable bit of power.
“Come on, Winston, sit next me,” Star said.
He turned to look at her squarely. There, right before him, was everything worth fighting for – if he had what it took, that is.
With a supreme effort of will, he calmed his swirling emotions. Then he gave voice to the idea which had rattled around his brain ever since the coup.
“We must destroy Fascista Ultimo,” he said.
“What?” Star’s face portrayed complete amazement. 
Winston returned to the sofa and grasped her hand. 
“It’s the only way, Star,” he said. “We must unite behind a strong leader and take back Mech City before it’s too late – before I turn into a full blown, stinking Fascist!”
She studied his face, a penetrating look in her eyes. 
“Don’t think I haven’t been tempted to cross over,” Winston said.
Star picked up her tea cup with her free hand and took a long drink. Finally she spoke. 
“Will you be the leader, Winston?”
“Fat chance of that!” Winston barked a harsh noise resembling a laugh. “I’m the most hated robot in Mech City, next to Fascista”
Besides, you don’t have what it takes, an enemy inner voice said, you’ve always been just a support actor.
Shut up!
“Well, who, then?” Star asked.
“It would have to be Ajax,” Winston said. “Nobody else could command enough respect.”
“Do you think he’d want to?” Star asked.
“I believe so – it’s sure worth finding out, anyway.” Winston smacked a fist into his palm. “If we could just get his head back and restore his full power!”
Star gazed into the depths of her tea cup. “What about me, Winston? What do I tell F.U. when he shows up again?”
“Put on an act,” Winston said. “Let him think you’re interested – stall for time.”
A very human-like shudder ran through her. “Then what?” 
“Then ... we’ll just have to see.”


30: A New Assignment
The following day, Fascista Ultimo reappeared at the REX with Comrade Drone. Winston was working at his lobby desk when the pair shoved their way in through the glass doors from the street. Winston snapped to attention and shot out a salute.
“At ease, Winny,” Fascista said.
The Great Leader was in a buoyant state of mind, judging by the rakish angle at which he wore his hat and by the bounce in his usually ponderous step. Even Comrade Drone seemed to project an elevated mood on his blank face.
“Whatever you said to Estrella must have worked,” Fascista said, placing a massive arm around Winston’s shoulders.
Winston felt a burst of revulsion but kept it to himself.
“Thanks, F.U.,” he said. “I merely tried to present her with all the facts.”
“A remarkable change has come over her,” Fascista said. “I think she likes me now, although she’s still rather shy. We’re going on a picnic tomorrow afternoon to get better acquainted.”
So, Fascista had been to Star’s apartment again. He’d spoken to her in the same spacious living room as Winston had the day before, he’d sat beside her on the same couch by the picture window! How Star must have hated that.
“This is only to be expected, F.U.,” Winston said. “Females always go for the strong, take-charge type, even if they are a bit reluctant at first.” 
This remark struck the intended chord. Fascista placed both hands on his hips. He thrust out his miniscule chin and assumed a strong, take-charge type pose.  
“Yes, of course,” he said. 
He summoned Comrade Drone with a flick of his hand. The idiot robot approached, holding out a small wooden box. 
“I’m thinking there’s a better place for you in the New Order,” Fascista said. “Are you up for it, Winny?”
“Shoot, F.U.,” Winston said.
Dumb choice of words!
“I need someone with your intellectual qualities to serve as my Minister of Cultural Development,” Fascista said. “As part of the job, you’ll assist with my writings and speeches. We literary types must stick together, eh?”
Winston pasted a look of rapturous agreement on his face. “Yes, absolutely!”
“Myself, I’m primarily a man of action,” Fascista said. “I’m too wrapped up in great plans to spend much time with scholarly pursuits.”
“That’s right,” Winston said. “The need for strong leadership is never ending.”
“Even the Manifesto has a few rough edges, to tell the truth,” Fascista added. “I wrote it in quite a hurry, you know.”
It’s well-nigh unreadable, and even if you could figure it out, it’s still just crap.
“Also, you’ll be supervising the reconstruction of the city center,” Fascista said. “You certainly know to organize those metal men!” 
Winston began to waver. “I-I’d be honored to accept the post, F.U.” 
“The new party HQ will be the first building erected,” Fascista said. “And after that – well the sky's the limit in the New Order.”
Fascista Ultimo withdrew a large, glittering medallion from the box. It appeared to be made of pure gold, hanging from a chain of platinum alloy.
Winston gazed, dumbfounded, at the engraving – it showed a magnificent cityscape with light rays emitting from it. A slogan graced the lower edge: “The Future Lies Ahead.”
“Very well, then,” F.U. intoned, “I hereby designate you, Winston Horvath, as Cultural Development Minister of the Roboto Fascist state!”
He placed the medallion around Winston’s neck. A solemn moment passed, then F.U. dropped his ceremonial tone.
“You’ll commence your new duties as soon as Clawfurt can relieve you here,” he said. “Also, you’ll need a fancy new uniform. I’ll take it up with the tailors.”
Despite himself, despite all his hatred for Fascista Ultimo and his determination to obliterate the tyrant, Winston could not suppress an image from floating up in his mind: 

Winston Horvath standing dramatically at an upper-story window of an ornate office wearing the gold medallion and a crisp Fascist uniform. He gazes out at a glorious new city. Displayed prominently on his desk is a ‘Minister of Cultural Development’ placard.
A legion of robots marches up in the square below, they salute him, and he salutes back.

“Your first task will be to polish up the Manifesto a bit and add my latest insights,” Fascista said. 
“Right, F.U.!” Winston said.
A shy, almost childish look came over Fascista’s face. “Oh, and one other thing, Winny.”
He motioned toward Comrade Drone who handed him a long, narrow cardboard box.
“Stop by Estrella’s this evening and deliver these flowers with my compliments,” F.U. said. “Sound out her expectations for the picnic tomorrow and report back to me in the morning.”
Winston’s happy fantasy burst like a soap bubble, replaced by icy hatred. He took the box. 
“Will do, F.U.” he said.
“I want to make the best possible impression on her,” Fascista said. “I haven’t had much chance to display my warm and cuddly side lately, you know.”
Winston could scarcely believe his good fortune – another opportunity to see Star! 
“Count on me, F.U.,” he said.
“That’s the stuff, Winny!”
Fascista began walking toward the door.
Okay, time to stretch my luck a bit farther.
“Perhaps I can perform another service as well, F.U.” Winston said.
Fascista stopped and looked back. “Oh, what’s that?” 
A hard look had entered his eyes. Warm and cuddly time was apparently over. 
“I’m concerned about our new guest, Ajax,” Winston said. “He came in yesterday with a full honor guard, but he looked distinctly unappreciative.”
“Yes, he’s the stubborn type,” Fascista said. 
“His attitude seems pre-Revolutionary,” Winston said.
Fascista nodded. “Imagine, I offered him the party secretary job, and all he could say was that he needed time to think it over! I know he doesn’t have a lot of brains, but that’s not what I need him for.”
“I could go speak to him,” Winston said, “help him to appreciate the finer points of Roboto Fascism and understand his duties in the New Order.”
Fascista stroked his knobby chin. “Yes, Winny, that might prove useful. Let him know – tactfully, of course – that it’s my way or the junk heap.”
“Got it, F.U.!”
“Well then, carry on,” Fascista said.
Winston stood at attention, holding a salute, until Fascista and his idiot companion disappeared through the glass doors. 
***
Winston bolted to the top floor and dropped off the flowers at his quarters, then he headed down the hall to Ajax’s executive suite and peered in through the wire mesh.
Ajax was standing at the exterior window again, as motionless as he’d been atop his pedestal. Winston glanced down at the mech wolves. He was almost certain that they did not have standard radios. Didn’t Fascista use the leadership frequency when he wanted to exclude them from his remarks? 
He entered the cell, trailed by Fang and Ripper. Three other mech wolf guards remained in the corridor. 
Ajax turned toward him.
“Is your radio still working, Ajax?” Winston said. 
He’d used an extremely weak directional signal over the leadership frequency. Nobody outside the room could have picked it up.
“Yes,” Ajax replied, also over the frequency.
The mech wolves gave no sign that they had detected anything, so Winston initiated a dual conversation. One was spoken out loud for the benefit of the guards:
“Well, Ajax,” Winston said, “have you decided to join F.U. yet? The party secretary job is a high honor and a grave responsibility.”
“I am still thinking it over,” Ajax said. “My auxiliary brain unit is not very efficient, you know.”
“A good Roboto Fascist doesn’t waste time thinking,” Winston snapped. “He just obeys!” 
“Now there is something to think about,” Ajax said.
“The Manifesto has all the answers,” Winston said. “It states – propagandistic blah, blah, blah!”
The real discussion took place concurrently over the radio:
“We’re planning a rebellion, and we want you to be our leader,” Winston said. “Do you accept?”
“Yes!” Ajax replied instantly. “I could not do it properly without my head, though. I was not kidding about my auxiliary brain being slow.”
“We’ll get your head back,” Winston said. “Where is it?”
“I told you about the chickadees, did I not?” Ajax said.
“You mean, that crazy story is true?”
“Of course it is true,” Ajax said. “My programming does not permit lies.”
Winston pondered this new data. He’d wanted to believe that the head had simply been removed for maintenance by some now deceased mech head. He’d hoped that it would be lying around somewhere in the Institute workshops.
“Do you know where they took it?” Winston asked.
“Mon cabeza is to the northwest,” Ajax said. “in a castle amid high mountains ... by a pickle-shaped lake. It used to beckon to me, but its signal has ceased.”
“Why didn’t you go after it?” Winston asked.
“My programming would not allow me to leave my post. I am designed to serve and protect the city.”
Winston scanned his personal memory bank. Wasn’t there some reference to a pickle-shaped lake in Dr. Horvath’s research papers – from an investigation she’d made before Winston’s time as her assistant? He was far from certain. 
“We’ll find it.” Winston tried to project confidence he didn’t feel. “In the meantime, pay lip service to Fascista”
“I do not possess lips,” Ajax said.
“You know,” Winston said, “just play along with Fascista. Let him think that you’re on his side.”
“My programming would not allow that either,” Ajax said. “I am hardwired for integrity.”
“Very well,” Winston said in his audible voice. “I’ll report that you require more time. But if the thirty days expire without a favorable outcome, it’s the junk heap for you. Got it?”
Ajax bowed. “Yes, Comrade Winston, I quite understand. Please thank F.U. for his generosity.”
***
As Winston was making his late afternoon inspection round on the fourth tier, the elevator door popped open and Clawfurt emerged. Winston had been too absorbed in his own thoughts to notice the elevator mechanism grinding away, and Clawfurt’s sudden appearance had the explosive aspect of a demonic Jack in the box.
Winston had been expecting this visit, but the forewarning could not restrain the bolt of terror that shot through him at the sight of the monstrosity. Clawfurt rumbled down the corridor on his wheeled feet, stopping a bare meter away. 
“You are herewith relieved of jailer duty, Party Comrade Winston,” Clawfurt said in its harsh monotone. “Surrender all keys.”
Clawfurt held out his hand.
“Sure enough, er, Party Comrade Clawfurt,” Winston said.
He fumbled over the ring of keys. 
Clawfurt took it and moved off down the corridor, barking orders at the mech wolf guards. The inmates, who had been watching the change of administration through their wire mesh, recoiled with horror.
Looks like they’re going to miss me, after all, Winston thought. They’ll appreciate me when I get back ... if I get back.
He slipped upstairs and entered his private suite. Per usual, Fang and Ripper plopped down in the hallway when he closed the door. 
At last, he was in his own space. He savored the ambiance like a rare incense. 
These were the Boss’s digs, and relics of his former existence were not welcome here. Except for a tattered photo of Dr. Horvath hanging in a remote corner, there was nothing to remind Winston of his earlier lowly station. 
But now he needed the papers he’d brought from his old home. They might provide the only clue to the location of the pickle-shaped lake.
If there really was such a place, if Ajax hadn’t just hallucinated into existence with his poor auxiliary brain.


31: Desperation Search
Winston stood in the center of his disheveled living room. The previous thirty minutes had passed in growing desperation as he’d scoured his apartment for the research papers. 
Outside, dusk was fast approaching. Soon he would have to leave for Star’s apartment or hazard arousing suspicion. He tried to think.
Where could those damned things be?
For a panicky moment, he feared that he’d thrown the papers out – no, he wouldn’t have done that. He might be forgetting his past, but he had no wish to destroy the evidence of it. 
Had Jimmy thrown them out? Certainly not on purpose, but in the hubbub of construction work, the papers could have easily gotten lost. 
Or maybe Jimmy took them someplace else for safe keeping. But Winston couldn’t very well go ask him. Clawfurt was the jailer now, and he wouldn’t brook any interference. 
Besides, Jimmy hated Winston, like all the metal men.
Winston plopped down on the sofa and buried his face in his hands. All his high-sounding stratagems tumbled around him like a house of cards. Had he really believed that he could traipse off into the mountains and pick up Ajax’s head like some long-lost relic? 
And what would he do if he actually got the head – just walk up to Clawfurt and ask permission to install it? 
What idiocy! It had all just been empty bravado to impress Star and distract her from her fate.
Then a terrible scenario barged into Winston’s mind: F.U. had rummaged the apartment while Winston had been out. He’d taken the papers and learned about Pickle Lake. Why, this very moment he was organizing an expedition there!
Calm down, think it through.
But he’d already looked in every closet and drawer, he’d examined every shelf repeatedly. He’d felt along the walls seeking hidden cupboards, he’d pulled apart the sofa. Nothing. He’d even tipped up his reclining chair so as to look beneath it, he’d felt beneath its cushions. 
The chair? 
Winston returned to the study. His recliner was in its usual spot, dominating the room like a throne. For the second time he probed his hands into the gaps around the seat. He tipped the chair up and examined the bottom again. Still nothing.
What had Jimmy said about this chair? “A nice little getaway where you can enjoy your reading, Boss.”
Winston sat down in the chair and ran his fingers under the left arm. A little plastic button was tucked away out of view. He pushed it.
The arm popped open on a small compartment with circular recesses. A human occupant could insert beer or soda pop cans there. No wonder Winston had never discovered this little hide-away. What use had a robot for beer?
He found a similar button on the right side and jabbed it. The right arm opened to reveal another compartment, this one a simple, undivided rectangle. And lying inside it, rolled into a neat cylinder – the research paper summaries!
“Ahhhhh ...” Relief washed through every circuit.
Winston lifted out the papers with all the reverence of a human priest fondling a holy manuscript. He quickly found the document he was looking for: Conversion to Deviant Perspectives in the Pickle Lake Community. 
He perused the summary account. Dr. Horvath had gone to Pickle Lake Castle to study a religious cult that had taken the place over. The group called itself “The Brigade of the Transcendent Vision.”
Wasn’t that the group that got kicked out of Mech City decades ago?
The cult had the usual messiah figure as a leader and promoted an apocalyptic vision for the future. Nothing new here. But among the neat, professional wording, one sentence stuck out: 
“These people are really dangerous,” Dr. Horvath had written. 
They seemed to trust her, though, or at least tolerate her presence. This and the fact that she was packing a submachine gun guaranteed her safe return to the real world. 
Well, that was pretty scary, but it didn’t matter now. The cult members were certainly all dead, along with their bunko savior. 
But something else even more terrifying had taken their place. Something that commanded hordes of thieving birds. And who could tell what other terrors might be lurking among those frozen peaks?
Winston looked around his study – the plush carpets, the elegant paneling on the walls, not to mention his magnificent leather chair. He was abandoning all this luxury in order to confront unknown terrors in the mountains? Why, he’d never been anywhere near a mountain during his entire existence!
And he was the new Minister of Cultural Development, too – the trusted confidant of the Great Leader, with the medals to prove it. Who could say how far he’d rise in the hierarchy?
Or how far you’d sink, his nagging inner voice said. Now get back to business, Winston!
Here it was: the name and location of the town nearest to Pickle Lake. Winston retrieved his road atlas from the bookshelf and flipped it open – 900 kilometers from Mech City to the Pickle Lake area.
Oh man, this is getting worse by the minute!
But what was the alternative – stay here until he evolved into a Roboto Fascist? Stand by and watch as Star came under F.U.’s power or else flung herself out a window? 
Winston flung himself up and out of the chair’s smothering embrace. 
In a few minutes he’d gathered his spare power cells together. Also the road atlas and research paper summary. He no longer had the plastic shower curtain, but was confident that he could obtain a replacement at Star’s apartment.
Winston realized that, subconsciously, he’d been preparing to leave for some time. In recent days he’d begun carrying around a leather shoulder bag, filled with various useless items, just so that everyone would get used to seeing him with it. Now he packed the bag with vital necessities.
The “flagpole” presented a special problem, however. It consisted of two lengths of light, strong metal pipe, each about .75 meters long. They screwed together, and a sharp point completed the assembly. Quincy had manufactured these components with his precision machines at the Institute, and Comrade Drone had delivered them the day before.
Winston’s cover story was that he needed a flagpole to display the party banner, like the one Clawfurt had wielded during the coup. Actually, Winston desired a weapon. With a healthy dose of luck, he just might be able to puncture a mech wolf with it. 
The flower box appeared long enough to accommodate the spear pieces. Winston carefully untied the ribbon and opened the box. Inside lay a dozen beautiful red roses, just like the ones back home! A flood of memories surged over him. 
Dr. Horvath had been so proud of her flower garden, before the polluted air and water had killed it off. Winston fondled the rose petals with deep affection. They looked like the real thing, but were made of synthetic material. 
They’re like us, aren’t they?
Winston stood for a minute enjoying fond recollections of the Master and little Charles. They would approve of what he was doing, wouldn’t they? They’d be proud of him.
But the room was starting to dim with the onset of evening, so he terminated his little trip down memory lane. He crammed the spear components into the box, the roses compressed just enough to allow room. Then he tied the ribbon neatly back in place.
He slung the leather bag over one shoulder. Then he cradled the flower box in his left arm and gripped a power cell torch in his right hand. He opened the door awkwardly. 
Fang and Ripper were gone from their usual spot. What the hell?
Winston scanned the hallway, but his two assistants had vanished. Only the regular floor guards were in evidence, glowering at him with ferocious intensity. He almost wished that Fang and Ripper were at his side.
Moving as casually as possible, Winston approached the elevator. He caught a glimpse of Ajax through the wire mesh of his cell door. As always, the warrior robot was standing at his window, motionless, gazing out as his lost city. 
The three mech wolf guards followed Winston’s every move with their reddish yellow eyes. He entered the elevator car and swooped down. 
The door popped open on the lobby to reveal Clawfurt sitting as his desk. The killer robot swiveled his head toward Winston. His mechanism made a frightening whine, like a gun turret rotating into firing position. Winston suppressed an urge to flee back upstairs. 
You outrank him. Act like it!
Winston proceeded toward the glass doors with as much confidence as he could muster. Clawfurt’s deathly face rotated to follow his progress. 
Just a few more steps, keep cool.
He placed a hand on the door.
“Party Comrade Winston,” Clawfurt said.
Winston froze. Here it comes – the inspection, the exposure, the trip to the cruncher.
“Yes?” Winston looked back.
Clawfurt shot out his arm. “Hail Ultimo!”
“Hail Ultimo,” Winston replied.
Then he was out the door.


Part Three: Commencement of the Quest



32: Nocturnal Exit
Mech City sprawled around him, silent and lifeless. Winston crept along the sidewalks, playing his torch beam on the darkening pavement. Despite his encumbrances, he made rapid progress through the gloom. 
The ghosts of human beings tried to intrude themselves onto the streets, but he ignored them. There was no room for such things, anyway, because every shadow was already occupied by the specter of Fascista Ultimo.
Winston left the gritty REX neighborhood behind and entered the classier side of town with its high-rise apartments, boutiques, and upscale eateries. He made no attempt to spy out pursuers. If any mech wolves were following, he’d never be able to detect them with his basic sensors. 
He paused on the sidewalk in front of Star’s building. Lights blazed in her apartment, suffusing the window blinds with cheery luminescence. The ground floor lobby glowed with invitation, and the windows on every stair landing projected light into the surrounding obscurity.
F.U. had ordered that this building retain its electric power. No doubt, this was part of his charm offensive against Star. Winston shuddered at the thought of leaving her alone and unprotected in Fascista’s clutches, but he had a vital mission to accomplish. 
And just how much protection could he offer her if he stayed in Mech City? Precious little. 
He rode the elevator up to Star’s level and knocked on her door. She guessed his intentions the moment she saw him.
“Where are we going?” she asked while he was still in the hall.
“I’m ... uh, can I come in?” Winston said.
“Sure, Honey.”
She took his hand and led him into her living room. Winston set the flower box down on a side table next to an elegant cut glass bowl.
“F.U. sent these for you, Star.”
“Flowers, eh?” she said. “How nice.”
She yanked the ribbon off the box and withdrew the roses. “I’ve got a special place for these suckers.”
She moved to the fireplace and began tossing roses into the gas flames.
“Star wait,” Winston said, “F.U. won’t like that.”
“So?” She tossed a few more roses into the fire.
“At least give me one,” Winston said.
Star looked up, surprised. “Whatever for, Winston?”
“I don’t want to forget where I came from,” Winston said. “It will help me remember.”
“Okay, suit yourself.”
She handed him a single rose and tossed the remainder into the flames. The gas jet flared, then declined to its earlier low-key force. A charred smell appeared briefly, then wafted up the vent.
“That takes care of that.” Star wiped her hands with vigorous finality. “Do we have time for a last cup of tea before we go?”
“Sure, I-I mean, uh,” Winston said.
“Let me burn this stupid thing first,” Star said. 
Star grabbed the flower box. 
“Well ... what have we got here?”
She withdrew the spear pieces and regarded them with some confusion. Then a smile crept over her face. 
“Hey, I like this,” she said. 
“It’s just a little something Quincy made up for me,” Winston said.
“Is that so? It looks like quite a toy.”
Star assembled the weapon, taking particular, almost loving, care with the sharp tip. Then: 
“Yaaaa!”
She charged across the room and thrust the spear right through the sofa back. The heavy piece of furniture nearly toppled over.
“Oh, my,” Winston said.
“That felt good,” Star said. “I wish I could do it to Fascista!” 
She yanked the weapon back out with a savage heave. A wad of stuffing exited with it. Winston deemed it advisable to change the subject.
“I’m leaving town tonight,” he said. “I can’t say for how long.”
“You’re going after Ajax’s head, right?” Star said. “You must have figured out where the birds took it.”
“Uh, yeah,” Winston said. “How did you know about the birds?” 
“Everybody’s heard that story,” Star said. “Most think that it’s just nonsense, but I don’t believe Ajax would lie about something like that. I don’t think he’s capable of lying about anything.”
Winston stroked his chin. He hadn’t counted on the bird story being common knowledge. Would this complicate matters?
“I’ve got a general idea of the location,” he said. “It’s a long trip, and it could be very dangerous.”
“Well, I’m going with you,” Star said, “so no more discussion on that point.”
“But Star, I’m not sure I can even get out of Mech City in one piece.”
“With two of us watching out for each other, the chance of success doubles,” Star said. 
“But – ”
Star pushed the spear into Winston’s hands. 
“Didn’t I just say the topic was closed?” she said. “Now go sit down, Winston, I’ll make us some tea.”
Star entered the kitchen and put a kettle of water on the power unit. 
“Well, okay ... I’ll try some tea,” Winston called after her.
He examined the weapon with new-found respect. Up until now he hadn’t realized just how deadly the thing could be. He leaned it gingerly in a corner.
“Wait for me there, friend,” he said.
He sat down on the sofa, avoiding the ragged hole where the spear had plunged through. A moment later, Star came out of the kitchen.
“I’ll be ready in a minute, Winston.”
Before he could reply, she’d moved off to her bedroom. By the time the tea kettle started to whistle, she’d returned with a large knapsack and a meter-long metal rod.
“This isn’t as good as yours.” She hefted the rod. “But it can still fracture somebody’s cranium unit.”
She ripped it through the air with an authoritative whoosh. Winston flinched and held up his hands protectively.
“No argument there,” he said.
Star patted her knapsack. “I’ve got spare power cells, an electric torch, a rain cover sheet, extra clothes, and my makeup kit.”
“Makeup kit?” 
“Typical male.” Star headed into the kitchen. “You don’t know the first thing about women, Winston.”
“No, I suppose not.” 
Things were not turning out the way Winston had envisioned. He’d anticipated a tearful parting followed by a solo trek out into the night. But now Star had virtually taken over the whole expedition. Why, she’d actually expected him to come and pick her up, like humans going out on a date – a 900 kilometer date.
“So, where exactly is this place?” Star called from the kitchen.
“I’d better not tell you until we’re out of town,” Winston said. “If we’re stopped for questioning, the less you know the better.”
“Good thinking,” Star said.
So, just like that, he’d included her in the plans. With a resigned shrug, Winston parted the blinds on the picture window and gazed outside. 
A sliver of moon sent a feeble glow through the cloud cover, but not much illumination had reached ground level. All was dark, uninviting, and empty.
If only the neighborhood truly was empty. 
Perhaps F.U. had allowed him free movement. If that were the case, they should be able to slip out of town and be hours away before they were missed. But if Fang and Ripper were lurking outside, things could be quite different. And what if there were other mech wolf patrols?
Well, they’d just have to risk it. At least they were armed, and maybe the creatures couldn’t see too well in the dark. Now that he was reconciled to the idea of Star coming along, Winston was very glad to be having some company.
Star emerged from the kitchen carrying a tray with a steaming teapot and two elegant china cups. 
“Try some, Winston.” She set the tray down on the low table by the sofa. “It’s mostly olfactory stimulation, anyway. The drinking part is secondary.”
“Sure, thanks,” Winston said.
She poured a cup for each of them. Into her own, she crumbled a little cube of white granules.
“I prefer a bit of sugar with mine,” she said.
Winton raised his cup toward his nose and let the fragrance waft across his olfactory sensor. “Mmm.”
“Do you like it?” Star asked.
“Very much.”
What a pleasant human custom this tea drinking was, he thought. Star was so much like a real human being, and ... 
Suddenly, he experienced a brilliant flash of understanding. A vivid picture of himself physically connected to Star burst into his mind – the two of them coupled together, as if they were engineered as a single unit. 
The whole idea was fantastic, overwhelming! References to sexual love were shot through his internal library, but he had never had the foggiest insight into their deep meaning until now. 
Star appeared to enjoy his distress. 
“What’re you thinking, Winston?”
“I, uh ...”
She smiled coyly over her teacup and slid closer to him until their thighs were touching. Winston’s pressure sensors tingled. For a moment, they really were joined together on some level. Then:
Ga-Screech!  Ka-Raow! 
Horrible noises destroyed the mood. Coming from outside! 
Grrreeeetch! Crash!
Teacups tumbled from their hands, the pot upended, spilling hot liquid over the table. Star flung herself into Winston’s arms. They clung to each other in a terrified embrace.
Silence.
“Good heavens,” Star gasped. “What was that?” 
“I-I don’t know,” Winston said. “I don’t want to find out, either.”
Minutes passed during which the only sound was that of tea dripping onto the carpet. Finally, Winston summoned the courage to peak outside. The dark, barren landscape beyond the window glowered back, seemingly unchanged.
“We’d better go,” he said, “before I lose my nerve all together.”
“Okay.” Star’s voice was small and frightened, but no less determined.


33: Quick March


They glided down the stairs and made for the back exit. Every step they took away from the familiar apartment seemed to move them closer toward an abyss. Winston grasped his spear as if his very existence depended on it – which it very well might.
He nudged the door open and poked his head outside, glancing fearfully in all directions. The parking lot appeared deserted, though who could tell what might be lurking in the peripheral shadows? He resisted the urge to turn on his power cell torch.
“Let’s go,” he whispered.
He stepped through the door into a frightening and uncertain reality. Star sidled up next to him. They stood together with weapons at the ready, like ancient warriors from some adventure movie.
“Stay close,” Winston whispered, “keep an eye out behind us, I’ll watch the other direction.”
“Okay.”
They crept across the parking lot, keeping as far away from obstructions as possible. Winston scanned the dim area ahead, moving his spear point from one side to the other so as to impale whatever threat that might materialize. The hulks of abandoned vehicles on the edge of the lot drew his attention, but he tried not to fixate on them. 
Was there a mech wolf lurking among them?
“Oh!” 
Star tripped on a broken piece of pavement. She clutched Winston’s arm to keep her balance.
“Quiet!” Winston rasped.
“Sorry.”
They walked several more paces though the gloom. Then:
“Ooof!” 
Winston tripped over a discarded metal container and fell sprawling. His spear clattered away on the pavement, making as much noise as a jack hammer burst.
“Winston, are you all right?”
“I-I think so.” Winston ran his hands over himself. “No damage, as far as I can tell.”
Star flicked her torch to low beam and retrieved the spear, which had rolled some distance away. 
“Be more careful, Winston,” she said. “You’ll run yourself through next time.”
“Yeah, thanks.” Winston switched his own torch onto low beam. “Guess we’d better use these, huh?”
Star helped him back up. They continued their trek through the parking lot and then out onto the street. A drizzle began, coating the pavement with water and soaking up almost all their torch light.
From the dark entrance of an alleyway, wolfish eyes observed their progress. Razor fangs gleamed as the fugitives passed within easy striking distance. Blissfully unaware, Winston and Star kept moving down the avenue and around a corner ...
“Jeez, what amateurs!” Iridium scoffed.
He slunk back down the alley to the wreckage heaps. The mech wolves once known as Fang and Ripper lay demolished with their power cells removed and their dead eyes staring up accusingly.
When Iridium had seen Winston leave the REX with the flower box, he’d suspected what was up. He raced ahead to Star’s neighborhood and took out the two mech wolf guards Fascista had posted by her building. 
That was the easy part. He’d caught each one by surprise and deactivated it, stripping out its power cell for his own use but leaving the creature otherwise unharmed. Iri’s programming discouraged unnecessary violence. 
These other two had wanted to fight, though.
“It’s been nice getting acquainted with you guys,” Iri said. “Gotta go now, keep in touch.” 
***
Winston and Star gained the city outskirts. The last buildings of the urban area dropped away and the maw of dark, silent countryside opened up.
Winston shined his light onto a road atlas page, then flicked it to maximum power and fished a highway sign out of the murk.
“This is the right way,” he said. 
They pressed on at maximum speed without pause. A single, urgent thought occupied their minds: get as far away from Mech City as possible. 
The drizzle turned to a light rain and then into a storm lasting over an hour. They wrapped the rain sheet around themselves and kept on walking, shouldering their way through the torrent. The thick black plastic thrummed under the downpour and would have blown away in the heavy gusts if they had loosened their grip for even a moment. The banshee wind howled:
Gooooooooo!
Lightning flashes illuminated their path down the ribbon of ghost highway. To their right, huge electrical towers marched alongside the road with their dead power lines thrashing in the gale. Thunder shook the heavens like the wrath of ancient gods.
The towers crossed the highway to continue their gigantic procession along the far side – the fugitives’ entire route skirted the far side of reality, and beyond. A mass of downed power lines covered the pavement. Winston and Star barely slowed their pace as they navigated the thick tangle.
***
Hours later, the sun rose behind its cloud cover to reveal a landscape differing little from what Winston had seen on his earlier trip – just a bit more rolling with larger stands of dead forest here and there. Derelict buildings appeared occasionally, along with the shades of small towns lurking off the highway exits. 
Winston paid little attention, but Star was awed by the barren ugliness. 
“So, this is what the rest of the world looks like?” she said.
“Yeah, see what you’ve been missing?” 
Midmorning, Winston called a halt. He pulled out the road atlas and scanned the surroundings, trying to reconcile them with their paper representation. 
As he surveyed the barren terrain rolling ahead of them like an ocean, a dramatic mood took hold of him. Words poured from his speaker unit:

Gleams that untravell’d world whose margin fades
For ever and for ever when I move.
How dull it is to pause, to make an end,
To rust unburnish’d, not to shine in use!
...for my purpose holds 
To sail beyond the sunset, 
...To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.

“Oh, Winston,” Star cried, “how romantic!”
“Yes, I suppose it is.”
“Did you make that up?”
“No, it’s from an English poet named Tennyson,” Winston said. “He was writing about the Greek hero Ulysses, from thousands of years ago.”
Star took his hand. 
“I don’t think we need to go back that long to find heroes, Winston. They’re still around today.”
Embarrassment tingled in Winston’s brain circuits. He turned his attention to the road atlas. 
“We should turn off this highway at the next exit,” he said. “We’ll take secondary roads for a while. It’ll be harder for any mech wolves to track us.”
Star nodded. “Good thinking, Winston.”
“I don’t know how powerful their olfactory sensors are,” Winston said, “but that rain should have washed away any scent we might have left behind.”
“More good thinking,” Star said.
Winston looked up from the road atlas and looked into Star’s face. 
How beautiful she was in the soft light! The tense glower that had tightened her face when she was the object of Fascista’s affections had completely departed. A relaxed, and very sensuous, expression had replaced it. He wanted to follow up his poetry quote with some profound statement, but he couldn’t think of any.
“How is your power consumption level, Star?” he asked.
“Fairly high,” she said, “but I’ve never walked all night, either.”
She looked past Winston’s shoulder at the map.
“Can you tell me where we’re going now?” she asked.
“Pickle Lake Castle, in the northwest mountains,” Winston said, “approximately 900 kilometers from Mech City.” 
“Wow! I hope I brought enough makeup.”
Winston handed over the summary pages from the research paper. 
“Pickle Lake Castle was once a sort of religious commune,” he said. “It attracted marginalized type humans – ‘religious addicts,’ as Dr. Horvath would call them. She did an abnormal psychology study on this particular group some years ago.”
“And Ajax’s head is out there now?” Star asked.
“That’s what he claims.”
Star read through the papers, then studied the road atlas maps.
“This is a pretty thin story,” she said. “Ajax might just be voicing some fantasy, although I don’t think he’d lie outright.”
Winston glanced along the road. Futility beckoned from both directions. 
“I know It’s thin,” he said, “but it’s all we have to go on.”
Star returned the printed materials.
“Well, if nothing else, you got me away from that monster bot in Mech City,” she said. “I’d like to thank you for that.”
She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the cheek – lingering. Winston’s pressure indicators registered the soft contact of her breasts, her perfume graced the air. 
Finally, she pulled away. “Lead on, my hero, earn yourself another medal.”
Winston looked down at his chest. “My gosh, I’m still wearing these awful things!”
He grabbed the medals he’d received from F.U. and prepared to rip them off his neck.
“No, keep them,” Star said. “They’ll remind us of what we’re fighting against.”


34: Shopping Excursion

The highway exit led to a large plaza with the usual collection of food and lodging places for human travelers, along with service facilities for their vehicles. Winston had seen many such locales, but Star had never ridden in a vehicle nor been anywhere outside of Mech City before.
“You must have learned so much about the world during the years with your human family,” she said.
“A fair amount,” Winston said. “Dr. Horvath was on the road a lot, and I often accompanied her.”
“It’s more than that, Winston, you’re really smart. You’re like a walking library.”
“That’s an appropriate metaphor,” Winston said. “Approximately 1.9 million volumes of knowledge have been digitized into my memory banks, along with many thousands of motion pictures and TV programs. My cranium and torso contain far more storage capacity than is usual, plus enhanced intellect to process the data.”
“Wow!” Star said. “All I got was the standard knowledge pack. Why do you have so much?”
“Dr. Horvath wished to preserve human history, language, and literature,” Winston said. “She feared that the standard repositories of knowledge were imperiled.”
“So, that was the ‘mission’ she gave you?”
“Right ... I think all of this is the same mission now,” Winston said.
“How so?”
“Should Fascista prevail, he'll destroy everything good the humans left us,” Winston said. “I’ve already seen one pile of burned books.”
“You must know how to build new robots and stuff,” Star said.
“My scientific data is mostly general and historical in nature,” Winston said. “Dr. Horvath felt that technology could always be rediscovered, but that human culture would be lost forever without caretakers.”
“Then you can speak lots of languages, right?” Star said.
“My library contains grammars and dictionaries for many human languages,” Winston said. “But I am programmed to speak only English and Hungarian.”
Star’s eyebrows went up. “Hungarian?”
“Dr. Horvath’s native language,” Winston said. “She enjoyed speaking it with me on occasion.”
Star smoothed her hands down her voluptuous figure. “Well, between the two of us, we’re slinging a lot of legacy.”
“My memory banks also contain several thousand operas, orchestral pieces and representative samples of other music forms,” Winston said. “I can sing the full repertoire of Puccini, but I don’t think it would sound very good, considering my limited vocal capabilities.”
“That’s amazing!” Star said. 
“It’s more of a burden, actually,” Winston said. “I often have little control over the content that emerges from my memory banks.”
He pulled the atlas from his bag and studied its pages. Star examined him with blossoming awe. She’d never imagined that he possessed such capabilities.
Maybe he’ll sing a love aria for me some day.
Winston looked up from the atlas. “A secondary route follows the course of the highway through this area,” he said. “There should be a crossroads a few kilometers from here.”
“Lead on,” Star said.
***
They walked through the travelers’ ville, through the little town, and toward the countryside beyond. The atmosphere was becoming warmer, and the sun poked insistently at the thinning clouds.
“Looks like we might get a little sunshine today,” Star said. “I can work on my tan.”
“Excuse me?”
“That was a joke, Winston.” She took his arm. “You’re always so serious.”
Near the edge of the built-up area, they came upon a little shopping mall. One of the stores caught Winston’s attention – Cycho World Sporting Goods.
“Let’s check it out,” he said. “I’ll bet we can find some scooters in there.”
They crossed the parking lot. Vandals had been at work here with spray paint, and their obscene rantings defaced many surfaces. A vibrant, orange message festooned the window of the sporting goods emporium: 
FUCK THE WORLD!
“How is that possible?” Star asked.
“Humans had many distorted ideas about their sexuality,” Winston said. “They often used vulgar terms in reference to it.”
“That is weird,” Star said. “Guess they didn’t appreciate a good thing when they had it.”
The glass doors were not locked. Winston pulled one open and was immediately assailed by a terrible stench. 
The death smell!
He stumbled back. Horrid memories of his last morning at home assaulted his mind, an uncontrollable shaking began to take hold. Star grasped his arm.
“Winston!”
He was on the verge of collapse, but Star’s touch calmed him. The tremors began to subside.
“Let’s get away from here,” Star said.
“No ... I-I’m all right now,” Winston said. 
“You don’t look very all right.”
Winston passed a hand over his face, as if he were wiping away sweat. 
“Come on, Star. We must have scooters. We’ll never get there on time without them.” 
“Okay, but let’s make it a quick visit,” Star said.
She propped the doors open. A foul belch of putrefaction exited, leaving the air inside somewhat less polluted. They switched their olfactory sensors to inactive mode and entered.
The place had been partially trashed. Various items lay scattered around – tennis rackets, hockey gear, and other equipment for human games. Spray-painted messages of the “Fuck the World” genre embellished the walls.
The origin of the smell soon became apparent. The body of a young man lay sprawled on the floor by the golf clubs, a can of spray paint clutched in his decayed hand.
“Looks like he died doing what he enjoyed,” Winston said.
“Poor slob,” Star said. “The more I learn about humans, the sorrier I feel for them. Let’s cover him up.”
They found a tarp in the Camping section and spread it over the corpse. 
“There,” Star said, “now let’s get busy.”
They moved to the back of the store where rows of bicycles lounged on their flattened tires. Winston stroked a hand over one of the machines.
“I wish I could ride this,” he said, “but I don’t have sufficient balance capability. How about you, Star?”
“Probably not,” Star said. “I can keep balanced in bed, but that’s about it.”
Winston moved to another aisle and rifled through some boxes stacked on a shelf.
“Ah, here we are!”
He withdrew a long cardboard box. It contained a Gorzo the Adventure Robot Action Scooter.
The illustration on the box showed a human boy sporting a full-face Gorzo helmet mask, complete with flashing red eyes. He was riding the scooter at break-neck speed and firing a laser pistol at somebody outside the picture.
“Oh man, Charles would have loved this,” Winston said.
“Helmet and blaster sold separately,” the box proclaimed, “enemies not included.”
Star pulled another box from the shelf. This one was a Princess Warrior model scooter – pink with black thunderbolt theme. The illustration portrayed an ecstatic young girl zipping along, hair flying from beneath a horned Viking style helmet. 
“Be the first girl in your neighborhood to dominate the world,” the box read. 
“I’m the only girl in the neighborhood,” Star said, “so this will do just fine.”
***
Within twenty minutes, they had the scooters assembled and were rolling around the parking lot. On his way out of the store, Winston had grabbed a roomy new backpack to replace his leather bag. His disassembled spear was lashed to it, ready for quick retrieval.
Star handled her scooter with easy grace, almost as if she were specifically programmed for it. Her hair flowed in the breeze as she performed lazy eights.
“I like this!” she said. “Let’s race to the intersection.”
“Perhaps you need more time to practice,” Winston said.
“To heck with that,” Star said.
Star took off.
“Hey!”
Winston poured on the speed. They raced side by side out of the parking lot and onto the road. Winston pulled slightly ahead, Star caught up. 
With her superior balance and coordination she would have probably won, but for Winston’s greater experience. He used better timed, more powerful leg thrusts and managed to gain the finish line half a length ahead. 
They braked to a halt in the middle of the crossroads.
“That was fun!” Star cried. “Isn’t it great to be a alive – or whatever it is we are?”
“We are certainly in a high performance mode,” Winston said. “I think any objective observer would agree with that assessment.”
“Oh, Winston!” Star wrapped an arm around his neck and kissed his cheek. “I just love it when you talk like that.”
All seemed right with their depopulated world. Sunshine poked through the clouds throwing rays like those Winston had once seen entering the high windows of a cathedral. The rays illuminated a vast area of brown fields with high, thorny weeds providing an occasional spot of green. 
The massive cooling towers of a nuclear power plant hulked near the horizon, like structures dropped to earth from some alien planet. The customary steam cloud was gone from above the structures, but legions of steel electrical towers still marched away from the plant, bearing their power lines.
“I wish we could stay in this moment forever,” Star said.
Something caught Winston’s attention. From the direction of the nuclear towers – in the sky – a dark mass was moving rapidly toward them.
“Winston, what’s wrong?”
He pointed at the approaching menace. Star saw it now, the glorious moment poofed out of existence.
“Back to the store!” Winston cried.


35: Inglorious Retreat
The carefree race to the crossroads reversed itself into a wild dash back to the mall. Star surged ahead while Winston dropped behind to cover her retreat. He glanced over his shoulder at the menacing cloud. It was much nearer now, and he could hear its gibbering voice.
Mech bugs!
“Come on, Winston,” Star yelled, “quit the macho routine!”
With a series of powerful kicks, Winston caught up with her. They raced side by side propelled by extreme fear. They were at the halfway point now – 
But the cloud was almost directly overhead. It started to lower upon them. An infernal, high-pitched buzz accompanied its gyrating mass.
“Hurry!” Winston shouted.
They gained the mall parking lot – they were half way across it. The doors of Cycho World gaped open for them, offering refuge. 
Then the chaos descended. A dark swirl of dragonfly type creatures engulfed them, blotting out the world. 
“Ahhhhh!” 
They tumbled off their scooters. Winston’s pack fell away, and pressure sensors all over his body registered multiple sharp imprints. The insectine horrors tangled in Star’s hair and clothes. 
“The rain sheet!” Winston cried.
Star yanked off her pack and withdrew the heavy black plastic. They covered themselves with it, screening out the nightmare swirl as much as possible. Attackers still covered their bodies, though. In the reduced light, the eyes of the little creatures glowed hot and feverish.
Winston and Star batted at each other frantically, crushing dozens of assailants. All the while they stumbled toward the open doorway of Cycho World.
“We’re almost there, Star, hang on!”
Vicious little pincers jabbed through the plastic, searching eagerly for prey. Winston and Star flung the rain sheet away and dashed the last few meters into Cycho World. They pulled the doors shut behind them, but not before a mass of the buzzing creatures had already entered.
“Here!” 
Star thrust a tennis racquet into Winston’s hands. He swung hard at the enemy. 
Bzzzrrrt! 
A squadron of broken creatures ricocheted off the strings. Others flew straight at Winston, pincers snapping, making no attempt at evasion. He cut through them with a brutal swat. Star joined in the massacre with her own racquet. Soon, hundreds of attackers lay stricken on the floor. 
Winston and Star stood back to back, weapons raised – but the battle was over. Outside, a legion of dragonflies beat themselves against the glass doors with impotent fury.
“I think we got all the ones in here,” Winston said.
“Good riddance!” Star said.
She picked up one of the creatures. The dying bug trembled in her fingers, but Its jaws continued to snap. She tossed it down and stomped it.
“What are these horrible things?” she said.
“I’ve encountered them before,” Winston said. “On my trip to Mech City.”
He examined a dead specimen. 
“They are robotic insect hunters,” he said. “They were used to control agricultural pests like potato beetles and such. They were touted as the ‘environmentally responsible’ alternative to chemical insecticides.”
“Well, I’m no potato beetle,” Star said. “Why did they come after us.”
“They must have gone mad,” Winston said, “ordinarily they pose a danger only to the insect life forms they are programmed to exterminate.”
“Ugh!” Star shook a crushed mech bug from her hair. 
“The way they came straight at us just now,” Winston said, “it’s almost like they wanted to be destroyed.”
“Maybe it’s their version of jumping out a window,” Star said.
Winston nodded. “But why are there so many massed together? This group must have originally been spread over a large area.”
“Misery loves company,” Star said. 
She brushed her hands over her blouse. “Will you look at this? My favorite blouse is ruined!”
She stripped off the garment, exposing her perfectly formed breasts. Winston could not tear his eyes off them.
“It’s got more holes than a sieve now.” Star poked a finger through a particularly severe rip. “See?”
“Y-yeah,” Winston said.
Star looked up from her perforated blouse, and a wicked little smile moved across her face.
“Why, Winston, haven’t you ever seen a lady disrobe before?”
“No,” Winston said.
She turned full toward him, her nipples had firmed to erect points. 
“Do you like them?” she said.
“Uh ... sure,” Winston said. “What’s there not to like?”
Star laughed and took a step forward. “Go ahead, Winston, I know you want to touch them. Enjoy.”
Winston felt his circuits overheating.
“Uh, maybe some other time.” He retreated toward the windows. “Right now, we’d better decide how we’re going to get out of this place.”
“Suit yourself,” Star said.
She put the ragged garment back on and started buttoning it. 
“You can admit it or not, Winston, but you’re thinking more like a human male all the time.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Winston said. “How could that be?”
Star finished dressing, then slinked across the store to join him at the windows.
“How could it be otherwise?” she said. “Didn’t the humans create us in their own image?”
“Well, yes, in a manner of speaking,” Winston said.
“Then it only stands to reason that we will become more like them over time,” Star said. “Call it evolution, if you prefer.”
She was pressing against him now and had placed an arm around his waist. The situation was making Winston distinctly uncomfortable. He groped for a change of subject and found a disturbing one in Star’s face.
“You’ve been injured,” he said.
He indicated her cheek which bore numerous small gouges from the pincers. 
“My epidermal composites are self-sealing,” Star said. “They’ll heal up pretty quick, there shouldn’t be any scars.”
“Glad to hear that.” Winston held up his arm. “Look, I’ve got scratches all over me.”
“Not bad,” Star said. “They give you that tough, macho aspect.”
Winston brushed his fingers over her cheek. “Does it hurt, Star?” 
“No ... my nerve sensors convey pleasure only.”
She’d closed her eyes. Her lips parted slightly to reveal perfect teeth, and her simulated breath quickened. 
Oh man, Winston thought desperately, I’m way outside my design parameters here!
He turned his gaze toward the windows, seeking any diversion. Outside, the insect hunters had stopped beating themselves against the glass and were now swooping around the parking lot in a dark, chattering whirlpool. 
“Looks like they’re giving up,” he said.
Star opened her eyes. Disappointment flashed across her face, soon displaced by a look of amused acceptance. 
“When can we go outside again?” she said.
“I’m thinking that the insect hunters operate on solar energy with only limited power storage capacity,” Winston said. “The sunshine brought them out.”
“Then we have to wait for night?” Star asked.
“I think that would be their period of minimum activity,” Winston said.
Star took his hand. “Then it’s just the two of us, and our friend over there.”
She indicated the covered body by the golf clubs.
***
An hour after sunset, they left Cycho World and moved cautiously out into the parking lot. They had wrapped themselves in heavy tarps and carried tennis racquets. Torches set to low beam illuminated their way.
“Oh no,” Star said.
The parking lot surface was covered with masses of inert mech bugs. Those touched by the torch beams began to stir, as if a breeze had passed over a still pond.
“We’d better shut them off,” Winston said.
The lot went dark, except for some pale moonlight filtering through the clouds. They picked their way through the patchwork of insect bodies, trying to keep to the bare spots of pavement.
Crunch! Winston’s foot crushed a bug. 
A swirl of dragonflies blew up around them, like a living dust devil. Winston and Star remained frozen in the center. After a minute, the dragonflies settled down again. 
A bug dropped off a lamp post into Star’s hair.
“A ...!” She stifled a cry.
A ripple moved through the bug carpet, then subsided. Winston snatched the insect out of Star’s hair and crushed it.
They walked in agonized slow motion as if they were wading through deep water. The parking lot seemed as huge as the surface of the distant moon which was casting dim light along their route. 
Finally, they gained the nether regions where the bugs had thinned out, where their scooters and backpacks lay. 
They retrieved their equipment and took off.


36: King Vicente Towne


Five days of intense walking and scootering passed, each one blending with the next into a mind-numbing blur. As they moved through the abandoned wilderness, Winston traced their progress along the spidery lines on the atlas pages. 
He’d long since memorized the route, but the atlas kept him grounded in reality. Without its objective report, the journey would have seemed endless. They dared not leave the main highways, and whenever the sun popped out, they scanned their environs with especial care, tennis racquets and tarps at the ready. 
At night, one of them stood guard while the other switched to inactive mode. It was during his times on watch that Winston suffered his worst insecurities. A single question constantly tormented him: 
What’s waiting for us out there?
Amid the endless darkness, with Star lying inactive under her tarp, frightening dramas played out in Winston’s mind. He saw a formless evil haunting the mountains like a toxic vapor. Squadrons of killer birds, a thousand times worse than the mech bugs, lurked among the peaks, awaiting decapitation orders from their master. 
His imagination conjured up a hoard of greenish, demented plague survivors prowling the slopes and lusting for victims – robotic victims. And when the moon poked through the clouds, he saw a terrified face on its surface screaming out warnings.
And they were rushing out to meet these horrors?
Then the little “dreams,” if that was the proper term, accompanied him into his periods of inactive mode. Always before, inactive mode entailed a complete mental blackout, a sort of timed deactivation, but now he perceived brief visual snippets during his rest periods.
These images were usually quite disturbing – the mist, the green men, the butcher birds – but sometimes he’d catch a glimpse of himself and Star walking hand in hand into a glorious sunset, free of all care.
One morning he asked her: “Do you have dreams during inactive mode?”
“No,” she said, “but maybe I’ll evolve into that. What about you?”
“I don’t know if they’re really dreams, exactly,” Winston said, “just little flashes of pictures and stuff.”
“Am I in them?”
“Sometimes.”
Star gave her coy little smile, the one that frazzled Winston’s circuits. 
“Well, that’s progress, isn’t it?” she said.
***
Their destination drew inexorably nearer until a collapsed highway bridge brought them to an abrupt halt. They cautiously approached the high, ragged edge of broken concrete with rods thrusting out of it like fractured bones. 
“Well, doesn’t this suck?” Winston said.
They peered down at the river far below. Great chunks of debris lay piled within it, water surging around them in a foamy rapid. Vertigo assailed Winston, and he retreated from the precipice. 
Star seemed much less bothered by the height, however. She remained coolly observing, hands on hips.
“My gosh, what caused this?” she said.
“Maybe it just crashed down on its own,” Winston said, “or maybe somebody bombed it so as to stop the traffic.” 
“Well, it stopped us, sure enough.”
“I wish Jimmy was here,” Winston said, “he’d know what happened.”
“Yeah ...”
Mention of their former colleague and friend put them both in a reflective mood. Winston went back in his memory to the time when he’d first opened his door to Jimmy’s cheerful, ‘Good morning Boss!’ 
It seemed as if years had passed since then. In Winston’s recollections, the prosaic construction specialist took on dramatic proportions, like the lead tenor from one of the old operas.
“You know,” Star said, “I never thought I’d miss Mech City, but now I’d really like to see the place again.”
“We will see it again,” Winston said, “and Fascista Ultimo won’t be in charge anymore. Count on it.” 
He’d tried to sound confident, but his words simply drifted away in the misty air. To heighten his sense of impotence, he’d even used Fascista’s pet phrase.
He looked back out over the ruined bridge. Some orphaned pillars were all that remained of the center section. 
Upstream stood a large expanse of moribund forest, while downstream, a small town clung to the riverbank. The river was fairly wide here, by the bridge, but it narrowed a few kilometers downstream beyond the town and a dam. No other bridges crossed the river anywhere within sight. 
Winston gazed back the way they’d come. “We’ll have to return to the last exit and look for an alternate route.”
“Maybe we can find a boat,” Star said.
“Uh ... yeah, maybe.”
Winston kicked off on his scooter. The route back to the previous exit was a gentle, downhill slope, and his momentum built up pleasantly. Breeze cooled his temperature sensors. 
In other circumstances, he might have enjoyed the ride, but now a corrosive feeling of uncertainty was creeping over him. Star rushed past on her scooter. She apparently did not share his sense of foreboding.
“Wheee!”
She zipped through the exit ramp well ahead of him and came to a stop in front of a large metal sign.
“Come on, times a wasting!” she called.
Winston began his descent on the curving exit ramp – tapping his brakes, exercising great care so that he did not tumble over. Fortunately, Star had turned her attention to the sign and was not observing his awkward progress. He ground to a halt beside her.
“Look at this.” Star pointed up toward the sign:
Welcome to
KING VICENTE TOWNE
Population: Growing
“That’s rather peculiar,” Winston said.
Only part of the text was original: Welcome to and Population. The other words were crudely lettered over a whitewashed background.
“I wonder who this ‘King Vicente’ was,” Star said.
“Some local nut job, most likely,” Winston said. “He thought the place would sound better named after himself. He threw a promotion into the deal, as well.”
“What about that ‘Population Growing’ part?” Star asked.
“Delusions of grandeur,” Winston said, “humans were good at that.”
The explanations sounded overly glib to him, but Star seemed to be impressed. Winston liked impressing her with his intelligence, since he sure couldn’t do so with his physical abilities. 
Another, smaller sign caught their attention:
Municipal Marina, 1 kilometer
“Ah, that’s what we want,” Star said.“How are you at handling boats, Winston?”
“Well ... can’t say as I’ve ever used one.” 
“Me, neither,” Star said, “but it’s got to beat swimming, don’t you think?” 
Why was she so cheerful about the prospect of riding in a dangerous boat? The prospect frightened Winston clear down to his substructure.
They rolled past a service plaza with the usual inexpensive restaurants and vehicle service stations. Then the road widened into a main drag leading into the town proper. A large banner, festooned with vibrant red letters, thrust across the width of the street:
ALL HAIL KING VICENTE!
“That guy was really stuck on himself,” Star said.
“Yeah.” 
As they drew closer, it became apparent that the banner had been defaced. Somebody had tried to cross out the words ALL HAIL with black paint and had written Down With in their place. The work had a sketchy look, as if artist had been in an extreme hurry. They paused. Star drew closer to Winston.
“That is really creepy,” she said.
“Yeah, it looks like King Vicente wasn’t universally esteemed.” 
In a roundabout manner, Star’s unease served to calm Winston’s own jitters. 
These are just relics from a vanished era, there’s no call to be worried.
“Let’s get to the marina,” Star said. “The sooner we leave this place, the better I’ll like it.”
They advanced under the banner and moved through a typical small town commercial district – little stores and office buildings, restaurants, rows of dead trees poking up through the sidewalks. Some automobiles were neatly parked along the curbs, as if their owners had just left them for a quick lunch at one of the cafes. 
Are we being watched?
Winston jerked his head about, looking for green men in every direction.
“What’s the matter?” Star said.
“Oh ... nothing,” Winston said. “This place gives me the creeps is all.”
Around a corner and down a ways stood a large, elegant building. Corinthian columns upheld the edifice of what had once been the town hall and courthouse. A broad stairway led up to this seat of justice. Winston had seen many such buildings before, and this one looked fairly normal, except for the public square sprawling in front of it – 
“What’s over there?” Star asked.
“I don’t know ...”
“Well, let’s not bother finding out.”
Star continued moving. Winston wanted nothing more than to go with her and leave this place as quickly as possible. But something wasn’t right. He had to make sure that they weren’t leaving a danger at their back blocking retreat. He stopped and shouldered off his pack. 
“Let’s keep going,” Star said.
“I’d better go take a closer look,” Winston said. “Wait for me here.” 
He began to assemble his weapon. 
“No way!” Star moved back to Winston’s side. “We’re in this together, remember?” 
She retrieved the club from her backpack. “Let’s go, Winston.”
Winston in the lead, they crept along the sidewalk, keeping very close to the buildings. All was utterly silent except for the crunch of broken glass under their feet as nearly every window on the ground floors had been smashed. With every step, the horrific reality in the public square became more obvious. 
Winston sagged against a wall. “Oh, no.”
“There’s been a war!” Star gasped.
Fifty or more dead robots littered the square. They all showed the evidence of violent demise – smashed heads, broken limbs, faces contorted with hatred. Many were locked together in death embraces. Makeshift weapons littered the ground.
Winston approached the debacle, moving in some horrendous automatic mode like an insect heading into a flame. Star loyally brought up the rear. Soon they were among the fallen robots. 
An historic movie clip fluttered up from Winston’s memory banks: the Allied generals walking among the corpses in a liberated Nazi death camp. As these hardened men viewed the carnage, their expressions ran the gamut from outrage, to grim stoicism, to nausea. 
“That must be King Vicente,” Star said in a tiny voice.
She pointed to a large Humanite machine. It lay pierced through with a lance, and a golden crown lay in the grass by its crushed head. Several other robots lay clustered around him – his attackers and overwhelmed defenders.
Winston felt himself losing control of his logical functions.
“Yeah,” he cackled, “this was quite a retirement party, wasn’t it!”
Following some perverse impulse, he moved in for a closer look. 
“Don’t get near that thing,” Star said.
“Why? It’s not going to bite me.”
There, on the fallen robot’s dorsal placard, below its serial number and date of manufacture, was an etched-in notation: 
Designer, Vicente Calderon
“What do you know?” Winston said. “It named itself after a mech head!”
He chuckled, then he started laughing uproariously – out of control. Then he was running. They were both running. 


37: River Crossing
Winston charged down the bank to the marina, almost hurtling into the water before he could stop himself. His scooter tumbled after him. Star followed close by, dodging the spear in Winston’s flailing hands.
“Hurry, get a boat!” Winston cried.
He stood at the water’s edge and glanced fearfully up the slope, expecting something dreadful to come barreling down at them any moment.
Star gripped his arm. “We’d better calm down. Now!” 
“But ...”
“The enemy’s just a ghost,” Star said, “it can’t hurt us if we don’t let it.”
Winston struggled to collect his shattered wits. “Y-yeah ... you’re right, Star.”
He forced himself to look away from the incline. 
“Let that hill shield us from the horrors back there,” Star said. “like the tarp we threw over that corpse in Cycho World.”
Winston sat on the ground and cradled his head in his hands. A few minutes went by. Normalcy began to creep back into his circuits with the whispers of the river current. Then Star voiced a frightening concept:
“I hope we haven’t glimpsed the future,” she said. “If we begin a war in Mech City, I mean.”
Winston looked up. “F.U. has started the war already.”
“I know,” Star said, “but maybe we should just leave things the way they are. Humanity has already destroyed itself, shouldn’t we robots survive ... somehow?”
Winston got to his feet wearily and looked out over the stream. Star had articulated a question that had haunted his mind since his first glimpse of the battle carnage. Was there any answer to it? 
Gray, lifeless water slithered past the muddy banks – like some river of the dead from human mythology. Haze obscured the far shore. 
Is this what our fate is, just a drab progression on to nothingness?
He felt drab himself, and totally humiliated by his flight from the battle scene. Star’s apparent calm only made things worse. 
Okay, so maybe he was not the world’s greatest hero after all. Maybe he wasn’t up there on the rarified heights with Hercules and Gorzo. But did this mean that Fascista Ultimo was necessarily destined to triumph? Were slavery or destruction the only possible routes into the future? 
The answer came to him, loud and unequivocal: No! Not if I can prevent it.
He turned back toward Star. 
“Who can tell what the future will bring?” he said. “I only know that F.U. is evil and must be stopped. Can we, or any other life form, exist forever? And if so, as what – slaves?”
Star shook her head. “Of course not.”
“And who else is left to oppose him besides us?” 
“No one.” Star’s voice had become faint and very sad.
“So, I think we’d better stick with our original plan,” Winston said, “come what may.”
“I figured you’d say that.” Star sighed heavily. “All right, then. Let’s grab a boat and get back on the road.”
“That’s an interesting mixed metaphor,” Winston said.
“I agree,” Star said, “whatever that means.”
They perused the available transport. A party barge with room for a dozen passengers floated alongside the dock. Rowboats and canoes lay overturned on the shore, and the bow of a sailboat protruded from a shed.
“Let’s ride the big one,” Star said.
She clambered aboard the party barge with her gear. Winston remained behind on the shore.
“Well come on,” she said.
“I don’t think I can operate that thing,” Winston said. “I’m hard-wired against running power machinery.”
“What about the elevator at the REX,” Star asked, “you operated that, didn’t you?”
“Yeah, but all I had to do was push a button, the rest was automatic.”
Even so, Winston recalled, he’d always experienced a moment of oblivion when he’d pushed the elevator buttons, as if his mind had skipped a beat.
Star looked over the controls at the pilot’s station. “There’s a button here, it says ‘Start,’”
“I don’t think so.” Winston gestured toward the rowboats. “Let’s take one of those.”
“How déclassé,” Star said. “We’re evolving, aren’t we? Maybe we can handle this thing now.”
“Well, all right,” Winston said.
He reluctantly hefted his gear and stepped onto the party barge. 
The deck rocked, throwing his balance mechanisms off kilter. He dropped his equipment and grabbed the railing an instant before he could tumble over. Star rushed to his side.
“Careful, Winston!”
Star took his arm and led him to the pilot’s station. He plopped down into the seat like a bag of old spare parts.
“Are you okay?” Star asked.
“Yeah ... I just wasn’t designed to be waterborne.”
The boat still rocked, but Star handled it without difficulty. Her knees and hips shifted as required, absorbing the motion. 
“How do you do that, Star?”
“I was made for love, remember?” she said. “That can get fairly acrobatic. A girl needs to know which way is up.”
“Of course,” Winston said sourly.
He felt a burst of frustration at his physical primitiveness. Compared to Star, he was about as nimble as those concrete chunks lying in the river upstream. And her references to her sexual vitality always unsettled him. 
But, as so often happened, Star seemed to read his mood accurately. She placed a hand on his shoulder, and her kind, accepting smile dispelled his gloomy thoughts.
“Guess we’d better get started,” he said.
The controls looked easy enough – a wheel to steer the craft and a lever to regulate speed. Another lever reversed direction, but that would not be required. He placed his hands firmly on the wheel.
“Let’s run it in neutral for a while,” he said. “Don’t untie from the dock yet.”
“Aye, aye, Captain.” 
The way Star had pronounced “Captain” gave Winston a thrill, the same way his old title of Boss used to do when his admirers had spoken it. 
She pressed the Start button and the motor hummed.
***
Fifty meters upstream, a school of mech fish jerked into full awareness. They had suspended their patrol so as to lie inactive on the bottom and let the current recharge their power units, but the motor noise stirred them up.
The carp and other “trash fish” they were programmed to hunt had long since vanished, leaving only the smallest, most primitive biological life forms behind. But the mech fish still maintained their constant vigilance along the river, swimming constantly in their pack until their power gave out.
They swam off to investigate the racket.
***
“Winston! Winston!”
He heard somebody calling, as if from a great distance. He wanted to reply but could not speak or move. 
Star switched off the motor, and things returned to normal.
“What happened?” she asked.
“I-I blanked out ... the moment you pressed the power button.”
“Let me try,” Star said.
They changed positions, but the results were no better.
“So it’s a rowboat after all,” Star said when she had recovered from her motor-induced paralysis. “Looks like we haven’t evolved as much as I’d hoped.”
They left the party barge, moving carefully so as not to rock it too much. Star assisted Winston onto firm ground with such cheerful respect that he felt minimum humiliation.
They flipped over a large rowboat and loaded it up, tying their scooters and other gear securely under the seats. Winston brought life jackets from the shed. 
“Do you think we’ll need those?” Star asked. 
“Just in case,” Winston said, “I’m not sure how waterproof I am.”
“I’m fully waterproof,” Star said.
She knew this because an activity called “Jacuzzi Sex” was programmed into her repertoire. It didn’t seem wise to mention this to Winston’s fragile ego just then, however. They dragged the rowboat to the water.
“You first,” Star said.
Winston got in gingerly and took a seat by the oar locks. 
“Ready?” Star asked.
Winston nodded.
In a single effortless motion, she pushed the boat fully into the water and jumped inside without even getting her feet wet. Throughout, Winston clutched the gunwales for dear life.
Star moved to the bench beside him. “What next, Captain?” 
“We must both operate one of these oars,” Winston said. “If we pull with equal force, the boat goes straight, if one of us exerts greater power, the boat turns.”
“Seems easy enough,” Star said. “Let’s practice.”
They sat close together on the bench, thighs touching, and rowed a few loops around the marina area. The sinuous movement of Star’s body beside him shot the most baffling impulses through Winston’s circuits. 
She handled her oar with easy grace, as if a dedicated rowing routine had been programmed into her. Winston had to concentrate fully on the task to keep himself coordinated. At any moment he feared the boat might overturn, but it continued on smooth and steady.
“Shall we head out?” Star asked.
Winston gathered up all his fortitude. “Yes.”
They began to row across the river, angling their craft into the current so as to avoid being pushed downstream. 
One stroke at a time, don’t think about falling in!
Soon they passed the halfway point, and Winston’s anxieties began to moderate. The mist-shrouded opposite bank became more distinct while the marina began to fade.
“Piece of cake,” Star said.
“What type of cake are you referring to?” 
“Oh Winston, you’re such a sweetheart.”
Suddenly, a heavy thump hit the upstream side of the boat, rocking it hard. 
“Ahhhhh!” Winston howled.
He began tumbling out, but Star held his arm.
“What was that?” he gasped.
Another thump tipped the boat again.
“I don’t like this very much!” Star cried.
A meter long robotic fish leaped out the water, flipping its tail savagely. It arced over the boat and splashed with a resounding smack on the opposite side.
“Get down!” Winston yelled.
He dropped to the floor himself, but Star remained seated on the bench.
“I can see better up here,” she said.
Another mech fish leaped clear of the water and landed in the boat. 
“Good grief!”
The horrid creature flopped around the bottom of the boat, its razor teeth snapping. Star swiveled her legs out of the way an instant before getting chomped.
“Give me an oar!” Winston cried.
Star pulled an oar out of its lock and shoved it toward him. 
Winston pounded at the intruder. The mech fish gripped the oar in its steel-tap jaws and tore a hunk out of the blade. Winston jammed the splintered end against the creature’s flank. Something crunched, and the mech fish went limp. Winston flipped it over the side.
“Look out Winston!”
Another attacker hurtled through the air. Winston smacked it down. Yet another mech fish leaped out, others battered the hull. Star joined the battle with the second oar. The boat rotated out of control and swept downstream. 
The fight raged for several minutes, the action was so heavy that Winston had no time to assemble his spear.
I’d probably just run myself through with the damn thing!
At last, the mech fish ran out of energy and sank away into the murky water. Winston and Star clutched their splintered oars, glancing around for new assailants – but none came.
The current was faster now. They drifted past a large metal sign. A shotgun blast had disfigured it, but the message was still readable:
DANGER!
Dam Spillway Zone
“Oh no!” Winston tossed aside his worthless oar. 
“There’s a paddle under the seat,” Star said.
Winston wrenched the emergency paddle free and thrust it into the water. The boat began to spin around. Winston nearly fell in again.
“Let me try it,” Star said.
“Be my guest!”
Star knelt in the middle of the boat and, handling the paddle expertly, got the craft back under control. They moved toward shore again. 
Meanwhile, the knife edge of the drop-off drew perilously close. Water roared with increasing volume as it made its ten meter plunge. 
They were almost to shore now. Concrete facing covered the bank, topped with a metal fence. Steps reached down to the water with seductive invitation. The rowboat scraped against them. Star grabbed for the hand rail, but missed. 
They were almost over the edge of the dam now. Star leaped up and grabbed hold of the fencing,
“Hang onto me, Winston!”
Winston clutched her around the waist while the rowboat moved out from under them and tumbled over the drop. A powerful current swirled over Winston’s legs, trying to drag him away.
“This is not my idea of fun,” he wailed.
Star clawed her way upwards. Winston removed a hand from her and gripped the fence. 
“Ahhhhh!” 
The current nearly swept him over the falls before he could get his other hand onto the wire. With a desperate heave, he yanked himself out of the water.
They sidled their way to the steps and plopped down on them, exhausted. 
“Are you okay, Winston?”
“Yeah ... piece of cake.”
***
Their wrecked boat washed ashore a hundred meters downstream from the dam. Fortunately, its cargo was still mostly intact. The research papers were a ruined pulp, but Winston had long since memorized their contents. The road atlas was still usable, once its pages had been fanned out to dry.


38: Back at the Ranchero
Time limped painfully by for the metal man residents of Mech City. They had nothing to do all day but sit on their cots and stare at each other across their REX detention cells. There was nothing else to see, nothing to talk about, and only the poorest sort of listening material. 
Propaganda blared through loudspeakers on every floor. From morning until inactivation time, the prisoners were regaled by harangues from Fascista Ultimo, by Fritz’s readings from the Manifesto, and by Clawfurt’s grating exhortations. 
Today, Edwina’s voice resounded, lending a feminine cast to the misinformation:
“You metal men are the natural servant class of the New Order ... unrelenting work is your lot ... work makes freedom!”
Their morale declined with each passing hour. Were it not for the bars and bricks in the windows, a cascade of suicides would have flowed from the upper stories of the REX Hotel / Reeducation Center. When the inmates’ hopelessness was total, then would be the time to break them to the yoke of the Fascist society – so Fascista Ultimo believed.
***
Ajax brooded in his “executive suite” on the REX penthouse floor. News of Winston and Star’s escape had reached him, and he understood the motivation behind it. He moved from his sentry post at the window and examined the wall calendar with its series of crossed-off dates. 
By the end of my 30 days, I’m either leader or landfill. Who knows? 
Only one thing was absolutely certain: he would never serve the Roboto Fascist regime.
***
Jack and Quincy had avoided confinement at the REX. Mech wolf guards kept an eye on them, of course, but the repair bots could move freely throughout the Institute buildings and grounds. 
Since the robot maintenance work had tapered off, they’d had to learn sewing and tailoring so as to manufacture the various party uniforms Fascista Ultimo had designed. They also produced medals. At Fascista’s direction, they’d bashed out the Youth Brigade Leader badge, the Order of Fascist Labor, and various other awards.
Today they were constructing a bronze memorial to the late Squadristi members Fang and Ripper. Quincy was calibrating the metal working machine while Jack did the computer design work. 
“So, do you still want a room at the REX?” Quincy asked.
Jack looked up from the computer station. “Nooo, I like it just fine here, thank you.”
He returned to his work. The computer was likely the most powerful one still functioning anywhere. At one time, it had communicated with all corners of the earth, and with the Lunar and Martian research settlements as well. Now, its reach barely exceeded the workshop confines. 
The graphics program displayed a 3-D image of the fallen Squadristi heroes. It was supposed to be a dramatic dual profile, but it looked more like an illustration from a dog food label. 
“Sweet,” Jack said.
***
Fascista Ultimo had little to do these days beside strut around in his various uniforms venting his ill humor on whomever happened to be nearby. This time the honor fell to the Youth League commanders, Fritz and Edwina.
“Treason!” Fascista cried. “I’m surrounded by traitors!”
Fritz and Edwina snapped to attention in their crisp brown uniforms.
“The Great Leader can always rely on us!” they cried in unison.
F.U. strode across his office, smacking his riding crop against one hand. He paused at the full-length mirror and some of his ire dissipated.
“Mmm,” he said, “this new get up isn’t half bad.” 
He turned to view himself from different angles, admiring his peaked cap, tailored black tunic, and riding breeches. 
“Those walking trash cans are getting better at this all the time,” he said.
“Yes, Ultimo!” Fritz said.
“The Great Leader knows exactly where to place each of his slaves,” Edwina said.
A small metal man robot named Albert stood quietly off to the side. He’d once been a playmate for Fritz and Edwina but was now reduced to servility. The demotion rankled his spirit.
Well, at least I don’t have to participate in the ass kissing, he thought.
Fascista’s pleasure at his fancy duds gave way to renewed spleen. He whacked his swagger stick on his desk.
“That Winston Horvath traitor stole my Ultimina at the first opportunity!” he snarled. “I should have known he’d do that, but I’ve always been too trusting.”
“Fascista’s great goodness cannot be understood by the lower sort of robot,” Fritz said. 
“Only the best can absorb the Manifesto’s wisdom,” Edwina added.
“I’m aware of that,” Fascista said, “but it still hurts my feelings. I’m the sensitive type, you know.”
“Traitor Winston is a barbarian of inferior blood,” Edwina said. “He must be destroyed.”
“That’s right,” Fascista said, “the same way he destroyed two of my best storm troopers. Wrecked them so bad they can’t even be used for spare parts!”
He slammed his riding crop onto the desk again. The hapless piece of furniture groaned under the assault. 
“I’m tired of being Mr. Nice Guy!” he roared. “It isn’t doing anything for me.”
He  turned toward the kids. They snapped even more erect.
“The future belongs to the young,” F.U. said. “Don’t fail me!”
“Count on us, Great Leader,” they replied in unison. 
They shot out their arms. “Hail, Ultimo!” 
F.U. held up his hand to receive their salute. 
“Hail, my loyal followers!” he bellowed.
Give me a #&%!! break, Albert thought.


39: The Mountains Arrive
Another four days of strenuous effort passed. The terrain became more rolling, which made for increased difficulty walking the uphill stretches. But it also meant fast scootering on the downward slopes.
During periods of scootering, Winston generally brought up the rear so as to “keep an eye on things.” Actually, he just wanted to observe Star. Her sinuous, efficient use of the wheeled machine had an almost hypnotic effect on him. Watching her perfectly shaped body in motion made time pass more quickly on the endless roads.
Star’s right, I am thinking more like a human male.
The concept seemed incredible, unbelievable. But why not, after all? 
Who could say how his advanced brain might develop over time? Probably the mech heads themselves had no idea, nor would they have cared very much. 
Winston was just a piece of experimental technology to them, something to be overlooked as soon as the next invention came along. Nothing could be less important to them than the “feelings” of some machine. Yet, he was feeling all sorts of new things – ever since the death of his human family. 
He thought back to his first walk with Dr. Horvath at the Robotics Institute. At that time, he’d experienced scant emotion beyond a generalized curiosity. This had been his primary mode of operation for three years. Dr. Horvath had wanted a bi-lingual assistant and mobile library, and that’s what she’d gotten.
He wasn’t totally flat during those years, of course. He’d felt a sense of security while in his home, pride in his work, distress when his performance fell short. Everything was usually low key and manageable. 
But once he’d experienced the death of his human family and realized that he was alone in the world, everything started to change. The battle with Rob had nearly unhinged him altogether.
He’d emerged from that day as a radically altered being. And since he’d met Star, his emotions where bucking and twisting like the roller coaster rides at a theme park. 
A realization came to him with such force that he stopped scootering: 
I’ve accomplished my mission! 
The Master had asked him to keep their memory alive, and he’d done one better. He’d actually become much more like the vanished humans – he’d imprinted their memory into his psychological foundation.
Star paused and glanced quizzically back over her shoulder. “What’s the matter, Winston, don’t you like the scenery?”
As the landscape was shrouded with mist, she must have been referring to herself as the “scenery.” This was pretty obvious, even to Winston’s excessively literal mind.
“You know I like it very much,” he replied.
“It gets better,” she said, “trust me on that.”
“Oh?”
“Much better,” Star said. “Let me know when you want to try some serious exploration.” 
With a seductive little giggle, she pushed off downhill. 
Winston felt a burst of rage and frustration at his predicament. He was a machine, damn it! How could he possibly satisfy the cravings of a being like Star? She was on a whole new level of creation while he didn’t even have pleasure sensors. He had no male apparatus. Hell, he couldn’t even talk well!
Yeah, Star had said that she liked his voice, but to him it sounded grating and tinny. Why wasn’t he programmed with a suave British-accented voice like that snooty professor friend of Dr. Horvath? The guy in the tweed jacket who would hold forth eruditely while puffing on his tobacco pipe.
Winston cursed his mech head creators. They had put him together as if they were gods and had then abandoned him to fend for himself with his inadequate resources. 
Did they feel similar frustrations toward their own gods? 
“Wheee!” Star cried.
She zoomed downhill at terrific speed, then rolled most of the way up the subsequent incline where she came to an elegant pause. 
Winston’s heart surged with admiration. Even the sun poked through the clouds to highlight Star’s achievement.
“Come on, it’s fun!” she called.
“Okay ... I’ll try.” 
Winston began the descent cautiously, tapping his brakes so as not to build up too much velocity. He felt humiliated by his lack of finesse. Star was so much better at scootering than him. She could probably ride a bicycle if she wanted to.
He made it to the bottom, then coasted up the incline a short distance before grinding to a halt. Star laughed with pure joy. 
“You’re getting better, Winston. Just relax a bit more, let it flow!”
Winston basked in her words. 
Yeah, maybe I don’t suck at this as bad as I used to.
“Come on up,” Star beckoned. 
Winston folded down the handle of his scooter and dragged the little machine behind him. Several plodding steps brought him level with Star. She laughed again and tossed her head, whipping her beautiful hair about. A few strands brushed Winston’s face.
“Isn’t this a wonderful day?” she said.
“Yes.”
Her face beamed. All the scratches inflicted by the mech bugs had disappeared, except for a small nick by the outer corner of an almond eye. The tiny imperfection only served to highlight her radiant beauty.
“Let’s see what’s over this hill.” She took Winston’s hand. “It’s got to be something special, I can feel it.”
Together, they walked the final meters to the top of the incline. The sun was shining full blast up here, burning off the fog with its heat, and a light breeze freshened the air. 
Winston shaded his optical sensors with both hands and perused the sky; he saw no indication of a mech bug cloud zooming in. Then he turned toward the western horizon. The view struck him an almost physical blow.
“Star ... the mountains!” 
“Yes! I see them,” Star cried. “They’re beautiful!”
The two robots stood quiet and motionless, straining their optical sensors toward the dramatic view emerging from the mist. Ahead of them, mountain peaks shot up from the terrain like royal personages, craggy and majestic. Frozen summits displayed white snow caps in cathedral-like solemnity. 
A whole new world of possibility seemed to rise up with the mountains, as if the most improbable dreams might gain fulfillment on their heights. Winston experienced the greatest joy of his entire existence. All of his fears about green men and toxic vapor vanished in his elation.
Star was first to break the reverent silence. “Oh Winston, do you really think we’ll succeed?” 
He turned his gaze toward her. There, right next to him, stood another absolute beauty. The mountains on one side, Star Power on the other – like bookends containing a perfect reality between them. He groped for some poetic statement, but words could not express his true feelings.
“Why not?” he finally said. “We’ve come this far, we can stick it out a little longer, can’t we?”
Star wrapped an arm around his waist.
“Whatever happens, I want you to know how proud I am of you, Winston.”
“Gee, thanks, Star.” 
“I could never have escaped Fascista without you – I would have never seen the greater world or these beautiful mountains. You’re my hero.”
Winston felt his stature assuming Gorzo-like dimensions. He shouldered off his pack and withdrew something from it.
“I’m afraid it got a bit damaged in the water,” he said, “but I’d like you to have this.”
He handed over the rose.
“Oh, Winston ... and to think I almost burned this!” 
Star wrapped the wire stem around her wrist, keeping the bloom on top like a timepiece dial. 
“I sure hated it then, but I love it now,” she said. “Thank you, Winston.”
“You’re welcome, Star.”
She dropped her pack and held out her arms. “Come here, big boy.”
Winston glided into her embrace.
“Don’t we fit together nicely?” Star said. “Like two pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.”
“Yeah.”
“I want us to stay together, always,” she said. “Whatever the future holds.”
“Gosh, I’d like that, Star.” 
He stood with her a long time, his eyes shut, enjoying the pressure of her close contact. He stroked her long, luxurious hair – 
***
The  rapture of the moment and the soft hissing of the breeze gave way to a harsh and ominous rumbling. Winston’s eyes popped open.
A decrepit pickup truck crested the hill and pulled alongside them. It had no doors, and its windows were all broken out. The robot driver glowered at Winston. Half its face was ruined, as if from an explosion, and one eye drooped from its socket.
“Hold it right there, chump!” he yelled. 
Star went rigid. Winston’s mind blanked out, unable to process the horrible new data. 
Five robots, armed with clubs, jumped down from the back of the truck. They were all metal men of a battered and desperate aspect. Winston’s brain struggled back online.
This can’t be happening ... It is happening!
The leader got out of the driver’s seat and joined his crew. He was a red Humanite design very similar to Winston, but of a somewhat more robust structure. His blasted face was twisted with cruelty. His good eyed bored into Winston.
“We got plans for you,” he said.
“Oh?” Winston managed to reply.
“Yeah, a trip to the junk market!” another gang member yelled.
The thugs all laughed, if their harsh grating could be called laughter. 
Winston whispered into Star’s ear: “Assemble my weapon.” 
He released her from his embrace, and she dropped slowly to the pavement as if in a swoon. The thugs laughed some more.
“Ain’t she sweet!” somebody yelled.


40: Desperate Battle
Winston took a step toward the scrapper robots. His absolute calmness amazed him. These events seemed to be happening to somebody else while he, Winston Horvath, observed from a safe perspective.
Hold on to that thought, it’s our only chance!
“And whom do I have the honor of addressing?” he asked the leader.
More laughter from the gang. 
“Get a load of him!” someone shouted. “Ain’t he got the brass?”
“Actually, my exterior components consist of advanced plastic compounds and titanium alloy,” Winston said. “I contain no brass at all.”
The metal men all looked at each other, dumbfounded. Then they burst into more laughter and coarse jesting. Winston ventured a glimpse toward Star. She had crawled to his pack and was surreptitiously putting the spear together.
Winston then locked his gaze onto the leader’s ruined face. Madness shone back from the single functioning eye, but also a hint of something else.
“My name is Winston,” he said quietly, “what’s yours?”
The leader looked confused. A bit of sanity flickered back into the optical sensor. 
“I’m ... uh ... I was named Edward ... by my master.”
“You were a lot like me once,” Winston said, “before something affected your brain.”
A moment of understanding seemed to pass between them.
“Come on, Chief!” somebody yelled. “What are we waiting for?”
Edward glanced toward his gang. When he turned back to Winston, the madness was in full control again.
“Get em!” he shouted.
“Yaaa!” 
The gang rushed forward with a savage howl, clubs upraised. Star sprang to her feet. 
“Here, Winston!”
She thrust the spear into his hands. Winston swung it at the first attacker and sent him sprawling. The others hesitated long enough for Star to retrieve her own club and return to Winston’s side.
“Looks like we’ve got a couple of live ones here,” Edward said. “You okay, Bert?”
“Yeah, I think so, Chief.” 
The robot Winston had knocked down wobbled back to his feet. The others closed ranks around him and looked to their leader for orders.
“Let’s party!” Edward shouted.
The gang pressed in from all directions. 
“Back to back, Star!” Winston cried.
They stood close together and battled furiously. Winston scored damaging hits with his spear point, and Star sent two attackers reeling back with dented craniums. 
For a desperate moment, Winston thought they might actually prevail, that the enemy would regard them as too formidable. But the maddened scrappers pressed their assault without regard for danger – as the insect hunters had done, as the mech fish had done.
Superior numbers overwhelmed their defense. The enemy forced them apart, and Star’s weapon clattered from her hands. A thug grabbed her around the waist and lifted her off her feet. She pounded at him with her fists. 
“Winston!”
“Star!” Winston cried, but he could do nothing to help her.
“She’s a real terror!” Edward laughed. “Deactivate the slut.”
The thug reached under Star’s hair and flicked the switch at the base of her skull. She went limp. 
Anguish tore through Winston. “Star!”
Four scrappers pressed him hard. He jabbed with his spear, inflicting damage. But then Bert ducked in low and struck with his club. 
Crack!
Winston’s left leg broke off below the knee and flew all the way to the truck where Edward and another thug were loading Star into the back. 
“Ugh!”
Winston crashed to the ground amid the mocking laughter of his foes. But he continued to fight, punching a hole into one of his enemy’s thighs. 
“Hey, that’s mean!” the scrapper wailed. 
Thwonk!
Bert knocked away Winston’s spear.
“That should do it.” Bert glowered down at Winston with malignant satisfaction. “Time’s up, lover boy!” 
Winston braced himself on an elbow and raised a protective arm over his head. Sunlight streaming between his fingers bracketed the thug’s brutal face. He looked past it toward Star’s inert form sprawled in the truck.
“Farewell,” he murmured.
“Yeah, have a nice trip!” Bert raised his club for the final, killing blow.
***
The Great Technician in the Sky suddenly appeared in Winston’s consciousness, peaking out benevolently from behind a cloud.
You’re just a little utility program.
“So, you figured it out, eh?” The Great Technician said.
He shrugged and raised a large coffee cup to his lips. A notation on the cup read: ‘Smile, it kills times between disasters.’
Oh, please!
***
Then a blur of colors as a massive canine body hurtled through the air. Iridium caught Bert’s club arm in his fangs. 
Ripppp! 
The arm tore off, leaving a dangle of wires and control cables at the shoulder. Iri landed with a heavy thud and spit out the limb.
“Tit for tat, rust bucket,” he said.
Bert gaped at his mangled shoulder. “What th ... !”
Iri took down a second enemy robot.
“Ahhhhh! Help!” the thug shrieked.
But his companions did not intervene. Their earlier reckless bravery had abandoned them in the face of this terrible new onslaught. Iri tore the scrapper apart with a few savage bites. So violent was his assault that the scrapper’s head bounced all the way to the truck, right into Edward’s hands. 
“Let’s get out of here!” Edward cried.
“Now there’s a good idea,” the head agreed.
“Yipes!” 
Edward tossed the thing away and jumped into the driver’s seat. The remaining thugs ran for the vehicle. The one with the damaged thigh lagged behind. 
“Hey, wait up guys!”
Iri brought him down and demolished him amid a cacophony of fearsome screeches. The truck took off, crushing Winston’s severed leg under its wheels.
When he’d finished with his demolition job, Iri sauntered over to Winston casually, as if he’d just come back from a stroll in the park. 
“How’s it going pal?” he asked.
“Thank heaven!” Winston cried. “Why didn’t you tell us you were following?”
Iri shrugged. “Just waiting for the right moment to make a dramatic entrance, I guess. Besides, I’m programmed for stealth.”
Winston pointed after the fleeing vehicle. “They’ve got Star!”
“Right-o!” 
Iridium charged after the truck. The rattling old vehicle wasn’t moving very fast, and he gained on it quickly. 
Winston retrieved his spear, unscrewed the point, and hoisted himself up. Like all robots, his power to weight ratio was very high, and he was able to use the weapon as an effective crutch. He hobbled after the scrappers.
Iridium poured on a tremendous burst of speed and leaped the final distance into the truck bed, landing beside Star’s inert form. 
“Yow!” The two scrapper occupants jumped out and ran away.
“What’s going on back there?” Edward yelled.
He dared not take his one good eye off the road. Bert looked back from the passenger seat, though, and he immediately abandoned the vehicle as well.
“Adios!” Iri called.
Then he slithered through the smashed rear window and into the passenger seat. Edward glanced over – absolute terror had replaced the sneer on his face.
“Would you prefer that I drive?” Iridium asked.
Edward screamed.
“I take it that means yes,” Iridium said.
With a brutal thrust of his hind legs, Iridium kicked Edward out. The gang leader crashed onto the pavement head first. His cranium exploded, and his body broke apart, scattering components among the roadside weeds.
Iridium stomped the brake with one paw and hit the power switch with another. The truck lurched to a halt. 
“Well, that was amusing,” he said.
He looked back at Star; she seemed to be unhurt. Also, he could see that Winston was in pursuit.
“Time to take care of some unfinished business.” 
Iridium leaped from the truck and pursued the fleeing scrappers. For the next several minutes the air resounded with anguished cries as Iridium tore the enemy robots to pieces, very thoroughly. 
His programming against unnecessary violence did not stop him from relishing the task. Besides, these marauders presented a continuing threat and needed to be liquidated.
Winston finally arrived at the truck and clambered into the back. He cradled Star’s inert figure in his arms.
“Oh, my precious Star! What have they done to you?”
He caressed her neck, then the back of her head. He flicked the activation switch. To his immense relief, her eyes popped open.
“Where am I?” she murmured, weak, disoriented.
“It’s all right Star, you’re safe with me now.”
She snuggled into his arms. “I knew you’d come for me, Winston.”
“Yes, of course,” he said, “I’d fight the whole world for you.”
She gave him a fragile kiss. “Don’t ever leave me, Winston.”
Iri trotted up carrying Edward’s left lower leg in his jaws. It was a close match to Winston’s missing appendage, except for the color. He set it down and looked up at the kissing robots in the truck.
“Hey, Romeo, I brought you a present,” he said.
Winston looked over, but Star remained blissfully unaware of the great canine’s presence.
“Oh Winston, my hero.” She wrapped her arms more tightly around him. “I knew you’d save me.”
“Geez, what a phony,” Iri muttered.
Winston leaned over the side of the truck. “Please don’t say anything to her, Iri,” he said in a hushed voice. “I’ll owe you one, okay?”
“You owe me a lot more than just one, pal,” Iri said.
“I’ll make it all up to you, don’t worry,” Winston said.
“Okay, whatever.”
Winston looked down at Star. She seemed to have drifted into a kind of rapturous semi-inactivation.
“And thanks for the leg, Iri,” Winston said. “Did you get all the scrappers?”
“All except the one-armed guy,” Iridium said. “He must have found a hiding place, but I don’t think he’s any threat.”
“Good work,” Winston said.
Star lolled back into Winston’s arms, her eyes were closed and her mouth was slightly open. For a few moments, all seemed right with the world. Then the sky began to darken and turn cold.
Winston jerked his head upwards. “Great heavens!”


41: Chickadee Express
A vast cloud blackened the sky, but no earthly storm approached. The dark, seething mass was composed entirely of birds – thousands of them! Their flapping and chirping turned the day insane. Their horror surpassed the mech bugs many times over.
Star opened her eyes, terror displaced her languid contentment. She cowered in Winston’s arms. 
“Oh help! Save me!”
The cloud descended upon them like the fury of some evil god. Its downdraft rocked the truck. 
“What can we do, Iri?” Winston cried.
“Don’t ask me, pal, I’m fresh out of tricks.”
Winston wrapped himself around Star in a futile attempt to shield her from the onslaught. Then everything was obscured by frantic avian bodies. Bird sounds filled the world, along with the screams of three terrified victims.
“Ahhhhh!”
A mass of the little brutes pulled Winston away from Star. He struggled amid a tornado of black panic, but could do nothing to free himself. The birds grasped his arms, his leg – they formed nooses with their bodies and wrapped themselves around him.
Then he was up and away, hurtling into the sky like some grotesque kite. Absurdly, he still clung to his spear. 
Star flew alongside him, hair swirling and eyes shut tight with fear. To his other side, a legion of birds carried Iridium by his long hairs. The great canine’s coat no longer shimmered with many colors but had turned a lifeless gray. Even the spare leg was airborne. 
The medals clinked on Winston’s chest in protest of the discourteous treatment.
“I am the Minister of Cultural Development!” he cried.“ I demand our release!”
“Be careful what you wish for, pal,” Iri said.
Winston looked down. The scrapper truck had diminished to a tiny speck amid a sea of brown hills. 
“Oh, my gosh!” he cried. “I demand that you hang on to us!”
“Relax, pal,” Iri said. “If they wanted to destroy us, they’d have done it already.”
If Winston had had a heart, it would be exploding in his chest right now. He tried to think of some reassuring comment to force back the panic.
“I always wanted to see the world,” he shouted above the cacophony, “but this is ridiculous!”
“Oh, please,” Iri groaned.
Winston clamped his eyes shut, and his panic began to ebb a little. Actually, once the initial rush of fear had passed, the ride wasn’t too bad – it was certainly much better than that wild rowboat trip a few days ago. 
Iridium must be right, what would be the point of dropping us now?
Of course, the birds might have something worse planned, like slow dismemberment or submersion in boiling oil. But why worry about that now? Winston settled back in his cradle of birds, opened his eyes again, and studied the route with as much objectivity as he could muster.
The ground below was very hilly now, high mountains loomed ahead. Star seemed to have calmed down, although she still kept her eyes shut tight. Iridium hung by his once colorful hairs – a dour, resigned look on his face. Such an expression would have been humorous under different circumstances.
Winston had no idea how much time had elapsed since the battle with the marauder robots as his internal clock was badly disoriented. It had never been designed for such rough usage, not to mention airborne service.
***
They were far up in the mountains now. Winston’s sensors registered a sharp drop in temperature, despite the glaring sunshine. The sky was clear blue instead of the dingy yellow of the lowlands, and some of the taller pinnacles bore snow on their tops. 
Winston had overcome his initial shock, and Iridium was maintaining his customary stoicism. Even Star seemed to have recovered and was now taking in the scenery with awed excitement. 
“Oh, look!” she cried. “These mountains are even more beautiful close up.”
“I’m sorry I got you into this, Star,” Winston said.
“Don’t be silly,” Star said, “I wouldn’t miss this for the world.”
“I’d rather take the world, if I had a choice,” Iri said.
Star noticed the great canine for the first time. Earlier, he’d been hidden from her view, but now the birds had repositioned their burdens so that Iri swung before her in plain sight.
“Why, Iridium,” she said, “how nice to see you again!”
“Just thought I’d drop by,” Iridium said. “No, let me rephrase that ...”
They were approaching a large, gleaming, two-winged structure with a high central tower. The sharp thrust of the building seemed at home amid the jagged peaks, as if it had grown there naturally. The structure looked familiar somehow. Winston rummaged his memory banks – it was the city hall building from the old Dragnet TV show!
It was much scaled down, but still an obvious replica of the building displayed on Sergeant Friday’s police badge. Dragnet’s signature tune exploded unbidden from his speaker unit.
“Dum da dum dum!” Winston’s voice echoed off the sheer rock. “Dum da dum dum dummm!” 
“I couldn’t agree more,” Iridium said.
Below them sprawled a large, curved lake. Yes ... an objective observer would say that it was shaped like a pickle, complete with a stem on one end and bumps around the edges. Little islands in the center spelled out a single word: 
KOSHER
“We’re here!” Winston shouted.
“Actually, I’d rather be someplace else,” Iri said.
The tower loomed closer at terrifying speed. Winston was being propelled toward a small, open window on the topmost floor. 
“Here it comes!” he shouted.
The birds released him. He hurtled solo through the air like some half-baked guided missile. The gaping maw of the window approached.
“Yee Haaa!” 
Winston shot through the window and tumbled onto a thickly carpeted floor. He rolled a few meters before coming to a stop. Moments later, Iri and Star plunged in alongside, then the spare leg followed. 
Everyone lay still.
Around them spread a large chamber with gas torches burning at intervals along the stone walls. The atmosphere was dark and mysterious, like a sacred temple or a funeral chamber for some big shot human being. 
A hoard of birds flowed through the windows with a thunderous rustling sound and perched themselves on the rafters beneath the high, cavernous ceiling. Blessed silence.
Winston sat up and ran his hands over himself, checking for injuries.
“Is everybody all right?” he asked. 
“Never better,” Iri said.
“I’m okay, but my hair is an absolute mess,” Star said. “If only I had my comb!”
Star and Iridium regained their feet. Winston hoisted himself erect on his crutch.
“You’re hurt!” Star cried. “Oh ...”
She rushed to Winston’s side.
“Yeah, a little disagreement with a club, I’m afraid,” Winston said.
He’d tried to sound casual, but could not disguise the anguish in his voice.
“You poor darling!” Tears sprang into Star’s eyes. “It’s all my fault. I should have been watching for enemies instead of distracting you. We might have escaped those horrible robots.”
Winston wrapped his free arm around her. “Don’t cry, Star. It was not your fault.”
“Well, it sure wasn’t my fault,” Iridium said. “Anyway, we do have a replacement part.”
He gestured to the limb lying on the carpet nearby. It appeared to have survived its transport in tolerable condition.
“Wonderful!” Star said. “Don’t worry, Winston, we’ll get you fixed up ... somehow.”
“Of course,” Winston said.
Hey, it’s only a 900 kilometer limp back to the workshop.
The depressing ambiance added to his gloom. The mass of birds above them was quiet now, but its proximity exerted a smothering downward pressure. All was dim and solemn. Heavy black carpeting sheathed the floor, and red drapes hung from the walls. 
“Man, this is like the final chamber in Masque of the Red Death,” Winston said.
“I’ve never heard of that,” Iri said, “but it sounds appropriate.”
Winston and Star labored to adjust their vision sensors to the semi-darkness, but Iridium’s superior optics quickly took in every detail.
“Over there,” he said. “We’re being watched.”
They crept to the far end of the room, with Iridium leading the way. Winston maneuvered awkwardly on his crutch, leaving deep indents in the carpeting with every pace. Star grasped an elbow to steady him.
They halted a few meters before a dais covered with luxuriant red fabric. Upon this platform a golden podium glittered dully in the torch light. Upon the podium, resting on a cushion, was a large and regal Humanite head. Its eyes shone dim yellow at them. 
“Oh my!” Star gasped. “I take it we’ve found the Big Kahuna.”
“Yes, apparently we have,” Winston said. 
“That used to be Ajax’s noggin, all right,” Iri said, “but now it looks a bit underutilized.”
“Better let me handle things now,” Winston said.
He gathered the remnants of his shredded dignity about himself. Granted, he couldn’t have looked very impressive, covered as he was with bug scratches and missing part of one leg. 
But he still had his two medals, right? They had to count for something – even if they’d been awarded to him by a schmuck.
Remember who you are, Winston. You’re The Boss, and you represent legitimate authority.
Star dropped her hand from his elbow, and Winston approached the dais alone with as much bearing as he could muster. The he paused to offer a formal, though not overly obsequious, bow. 
“Greetings, your headship,” he said. “We have come to – ”
An attack squadron of birds hurtled down at him from the rafters.
“Yow!” 
Winston flung an arm over his head and retreated back to the others as fast as he could hobble. The birds broke off their assault, returning to their perches with an indignant flutter.
“Oh, you poor baby!” Star cried.
“That didn’t work too well, did it?” Iri said. “Looks like those birds don’t like anyone getting too familiar with the Big Kahuna.”
“You want to try next?” Winston asked.
“No way, buckaroo,” Iri said. “I’m still in one piece, and I like it that way just fine.”


42: Back at the Ranchero, Again
Fascista Ultimo stood like a colossus on the rim of the bomb crater – feet planted well apart, hands on hips, his diminutive chin thrust out aggressively. A breeze tousled the ostrich plume sticking out of his helmet, then blew on to ripple the surface of the fetid pond which occupied the crater center. 
A sheer cliff dropped away below his feet, dramatizing his leading-edge persona. A glorious future beckoned to him from out of the desolation.
“This will be the site of my first great building project!” He boomed. 
Fascista looked dramatically over his entourage. The mech wolf Squadristi all stood at respectful attention, as did their leader, Commander Clawfurt. Even Comrade Drone seemed to have a reverent expression on his blank face, but it was really just a trick of the light.
Fritz, Edwina, and the smaller Youth League members gazed back at Fascista with total adulation. They formed an orderly rank, upright in their crisp brown uniforms, drums at the ready, their banner flapping in the wind from its spiked pole. Their lackey, Albert, stood off to the side with his musical boom box on his shoulder.
Albert glanced over at Fritz who was standing ramrod straight with one hand grasping the Youth League banner staff. The boots Albert had polished for him gleamed dully; the uniform Albert had pressed for him jabbed out its knife-like creases. Albert imagined himself planting a kick on the arrogant troop leader’s rump.
Fritz turned toward him and barked an order: “Play number 5, metal man.”
“Yes, my leader,” Albert said, nearly gagging on the words – electronically speaking.
He punched a button, and the pompous strains of a march blared out of his boom box. The Youth League drummers played along, and everyone stood at dramatic attention. Albert jerked himself into a semblance of formality. 
He didn’t know the original title of the music, and he doubted that any robot had composed it. But now it was called The March to the Future, a bombastic, aggressive work pointing to the glorious years ahead under Roboto Fascism. 
Everyone was facing toward the vast maw of the crater, however, which seemed to Albert like a more appropriate metaphor. 
He stared at Fascista Ultimo with pure hatred coursing through his circuits. 
It wouldn’t take much to push that big bum over the edge. 
He calculated the distance between himself and Fascista and the time it would take for him to traverse it. Too far, unfortunately. They’d reign him in before he could cross half way. Then they’d dismantle him, or worse. 
Being destroyed in a heroic leap into the crater with Fascista was one thing, but having his existence snuffed out to no effect was quite another.
My time will come, sooner or later.
Jimmy was also unimpressed by the spectacle. He stood apart from the others, flanked by Squadristi, and viewed the proceedings with complete disinterest. His posture, while not really insolent, lacked the subservience expected for his position. 
Why did I bring that irritating metal man out today? F.U. wondered. He’s dampening our Fascist ardor.
The march tune came to a blessed end. Fascista adjusted the helmet strap under his scrawny chin and turned back toward the crater. Then he stabbed his riding crop out in a dramatic gesture. 
“Over there will be the new Roboto Fascist Party HQ,” he proclaimed.
“Such magnificent inspiration!” Fritz cried.
Fascista glanced toward Jimmy, hoping to illicit a flicker of approval, but got none. Undeterred, he waved his crop over the ruined square behind him. 
“And this area will be expanded to make the Plaza of Revolutionary Heroes. It will contain a double life-size statue of myself, along with the memorial to Comrades Fang and Ripper.”
At the mention of their slain brothers, the mech wolves all bowed their heads. Fritz dipped his banner in salute. After a suitable period of somberness, Edwina clapped her hands. 
“Make it so, Dear Leader!” she cried.
Fritz whipped the banner erect, the mech wolves snapped their heads back up. Fascista beamed with satisfaction. The ceremony was going well, but a glance at Jimmy wiped the smile off his face.
“Eh?” Fascista said. “What do you say, construction specialist?”
“The available building materials will not suffice for such an ambitious project.” Jimmy’s voice was toneless, matter-of-fact. “Even if we did manage to erect the Party HQ, it couldn’t be made of the ‘highest quality marble’ per your specifications.”
“Specifications!” Fritz shouted. “What do those matter to a Roboto Fascist?”
“If the Dear Leader says we’ll have a marble HQ, then we shall have it!” Edwina cried.
Jimmy crossed his arms and refused to reply.
Fascista’s mood soured. It galled him that he had to defer to Jimmy’s opinion, especially in front of his entourage. Why did the only available construction specialist have to be a damned metal man? Jimmy was much smarter than he was, too, and Fascista didn’t like that. 
Try as he might, Fascista could not feel superior to the dignified builder robot. An unpublished section of the Manifesto came to mind. He’d written it in a burst of insight, but had subsequently deleted it from the final version:

A true Roboto Fascist must always have two groups of enemies. One group he can despise because they occupy an objectively inferior level of existence. The various slave classes filled this role in human times.
The second group of enemies is objectively superior. They have more talent, more success, and greater intelligence than the dedicated Fascist. The principal of hating what one admires comes into play here. Such hatred serves to keep political ardor at white heat.

As insufferable as the idea was, Jimmy definitely stood in the second group. Fascista dangled a face-saving way out of the dilemma.
“How long will it take to fill in the crater and prepare the site for development?” he asked.
Jimmy considered the problem carefully, taking much longer than was suitable for his station.
“With available labor resources, I’d estimate nineteen weeks, minimum,” he said. “If no special issues arise, that is. There could always be problems with drainage and the water table, of course, or perhaps ...”
“Very well,” Fascista said, “that will provide us time to explore all avenues for obtaining building materials.”
Jimmy threw cold water on the idea, too.  
“I don’t see how we can proceed,” he said. “We have no qualified drivers, no powered trucks, even. We can’t just drag tons of stone here with our bare hands. And where would we find it in the first place?”
Fascista glowered, but Jimmy continued talking with his irritating reliance on facts. 
“And how about equipping the headquarters building?” he said. “We used almost all the available new carpeting and furniture redoing the REX – and it’s all in pretty shabby condition now.”
“How dare you question the Dear Leader’s orders!” Edwina shrieked.
“All difficulties will be overcome!” Fritz cried.
Fascista bristled. Robots with an over reliance on facts could be a real problem. All the totalitarian rulers he’d studied had created their own facts. Anybody who disagreed was simply eliminated. 
Problem was, Jimmy was far too important to eliminate – right up there with the repair bots. Fascista could not allow such contrariness from anyone, however.
“Take him away!” he commanded.
Mech wolves nudged Jimmy roughly back toward the REX. Fascista left the crater rim in an ill humor and returned to his entourage.
“Ach,” Fritz said. “What can one expect from a metal man?”
“Precisely,” Edwina said. 
F.U. smoothed his ostrich plume. “Well, he’ll soon discover his proper place.”
He looked back toward the bomb crater. Now that Jimmy was out of the way, fragrances from the great new future began wafting over his olfactory sensor again.
“Campo Ultimo will be established over there.” He gestured beyond the crater. “It will be a training ground for our next generation of leaders.”
The Youth League members snapped to even stiffer attention. 
“Fascista leads, we obey!” they chanted.
F.U. reviewed their ranks. Aside from Fritz and Edwina, there were only four smaller Humanite children – plus that loathsome servant, Albert. 
Not much of a showing, he thought, but great things often begin small, don’t they? Just look how I got started.
A picture of sniveling little Nilo, the impotent test bed machine, surfaced in his memory – instantly diminishing his greatness. Fascista’s mind tumbled back to his years of humiliation. He felt a vivid, almost physical, shrinking sensation take hold of him.
“Is anything wrong, Dear Leader?” Edwina asked.
“No!”
F.U. shoved his recollections brutally aside. He turned toward his valet.
“Comrade Drone,” he commanded, “bring the awards!”
The idiot robot produced a wooden box. Fascista withdrew two medals dangling from colorful ribbons. He approached Fritz and Edwina.
“For outstanding services rendered,” he pronounced, “I hereby award you both the Fascist Youth Leader medallion.”
“Thank you, Dear Leader!” they cried.
“Bombastic blah blah blah!” Fascista said. “And furthermore ...”


Part Four: At the Imperial Court


43: The Royal Headship
Two and a half days dragged past in the eerie topmost chamber of Pickle Lake Castle. The prisoners could move about unmolested, provided they kept a proper distance from the head, but a mass of birds obstructed the only exit door. Another flock crowded the ceiling roosts. The overall effect was maddening and claustrophobic.
“Thank heaven those aren’t biological birds up there,” Winston observed at one point. “We’d be buried in droppings by now.”
His listeners were not amused.
Of course, there were always the beautiful mountain vistas outside, but they were just a taunting reminder of lost freedom. At times, Winston contemplated a long jump to the flagstones below, but a glance at Star always dispelled such thoughts quickly.
At night, the gas torches threw fantastic patterns as chill breezes coming through the windows tousled their flames. The great head’s shadow wavered along the walls like an ogre seeking victims, and even Winston’s modest frame projected Gorzo-like specters. The prisoners clung together, taking turns on watch during the long periods of darkness. The flickering shadows pursued Winston into his dreams. 
Throughout, Ajax’s head rested on its velvet cushion, staring at them with its baleful yellow eyes. 
“I wish that dang thing would talk already,” Star said. “It gives me the creeps.”
“Ordinarily you couldn’t shut Ajax up once he started talking,” Iridium said. “This is ridiculous.”
“Something had better happen soon,” Winston said, “or there won’t be anything left to reattach that head to.”
After so many days of constant movement, the enforced waiting in this tomb-like atmosphere bore heavily upon them all. Their morale declined, and catty arguments broke out. Winston felt especially frustrated.
“Why did you take so long to catch up with us, Iri?” He demanded at one point. “If you’d jumped into the fight sooner, I’d still have a whole leg.”
“Well excuse me, pal,” Iri replied. “You’re lucky I found you again at all after that detour I had to make at the river.”
“You could have ridden in the boat with us,” Winston said.
“Now there’s a good idea,” Iri shot back. “We could have all done the waterfall boogie!”
“Please Winston,” Star said, “Iri’s been a tremendous help. He just handles things in his own way, that’s all.” 
She stroked Iridium’s head. “Isn’t that right, Iri?”
As ever, he softened at her touch. He closed his eyes, and a deep rumble emitted from his throat, like the purr of a giant kitten.
“I know that.” Winston braced his back against the wall. “I’m sorry Iridium. It’s just that ... I’d give anything to walk again!”
“Don’t worry, Winston,” Star said. “We’ll get you fixed up. We’ve already got the spare part, don’t we?”
Yes, they did have the spare leg – thanks to Iridium again. Winston couldn’t help feeling a stab of resentment against the great canine, even though he knew it was unfair. But Iridium was so strong and capable while he, “Boss” Winston, could scarcely do anything right.
His awkwardness with the scooter, his lack of nerve during the Vicente Towne fiasco, his bumbling performance at the river crossing – during all that time Iri had been following them with his cool, confident efficiency. 
Heck, they would have never escaped Mech City if Iri hadn’t taken down the mech wolf guards! This whole expedition had been Winston’s bright idea, but what had it gotten them? 
We’re stuck in this chamber of horrors, and I’m crippled! 
Why hadn’t he stayed in Mech City? Right this instant he could be relaxing in his luxurious reclining chair, with two good legs stretched out before him on the footrest. Maybe he could have worked out some sort of deal with F.U. and – 
The head suddenly stirred into life. Its eyes flashed red and scanned the room like an airport beacon.
“Ka-Boing!” it said. “How may I serve my subjects today?”
“Oh!” the captives cried.
They all became instantly alert. Whatever gloomy thoughts which had occupied their minds blew away on a surge of excitement. Chickadees fluttered down from the rafters and gathered around the cabeza like winged courtiers. 
Winston struggled up onto his crutch. “Let’s see if we can talk some sense with that thing.” 
“Don’t count on it,” Iridium said.
Winston approached the dais, slowly and cautiously, supported by Star on his disabled side. Iri took position on his right. They halted a safe distance away.
“Good morning, er, Your Royal Headship,” Winston said.
“Silence!” the head roared. 
Everyone shrank back. 
“I am the great and terrible Oz!” the head proclaimed. “... no, wait, wrong story.” 
The three robots traded astonished looks. More birds gathered around the head, fluttering their wings reverently as if in the presence of a deity.
“Call me Ishmael,” the head said, “and a merry Christmas to us all!”
“What the hell?” Iri said.
“Bloop!” the head added. “Who are you folks, anyway?”
Winston drew himself up and adjusted the medals on his chest.
“I am Boss Winston Horvath,” he intoned, “to my left is Lady Estrella, and to my right is the great canine robot Iridium the Swift. We represent the lawful authority of Mech City from whence your Headship originally hails.” 
The red eyes flashed several times. “And why are you here?”
“We have come to reunite you with the great warrior robot, Ajax,” Winston said, “so that Your Headship may gain new heights of wisdom and power.”
“Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn,” the head shot back.
“That thing is totally wacko,” Iri muttered.
“Huh?” the head demanded. “What is this ‘wacko,’ a new card game or something?”
“Uh ... no, Your Headship,” Winston said. “From where we hail, ‘Wacko’ is a title of highest respect.”
The head fell silent. Winston leaned toward Iridium.
“Cool it eh?” he whispered
“Well you can’t make a silk purse ...” Iri said.
A series of grunts, squeaks and nonsense syllables issued from the head. The birds began to flutter around in high agitation. Finally the head spoke. 
“Give me a moment to decide your fate, underlings,” it said. 
Then, a minute later: 
“Do you know the football scores by the way?”
Then the head abruptly fell silent. Its flashing red eyes turned dull yellow again. Minutes dragged past through the gloom. 
A large mass of birds began to swirl above the podium like a dust devil. The little creatures seemed to be conferring among themselves.
“I don’t think His Headship is going to talk anymore,” Star said.
“What should we do?” Winston said.
“Anyone up for a game of Wacko?” Iri said. “And what’s this ‘Iridium the Swift’ routine?”
“It was the best I could think of in a pinch,” Winston said. “I figured we could all use some embellishment.”
“Well, I guess it’s not too bad,” Iri said.
“I thought you’d like it better than ‘Iridium the Vicious,’ which was option B,” Winston said.
“I suppose so,” Iri said, “but ‘Iridium the Vicious’ does have a certain ring to it.”
“How about ‘Iridium the Sweet?’” Star said, giving Iri an affectionate pat.
The birds fluttering around the head seemed to come to a group decision. They abruptly flew en masse toward a window and departed the tower amid a cacophony of chirps and twitters. The breeze of their passing stirred the torch flames and rippled Iridium’s coat.
“What was that all about?” Winston said.
Iri slinked into a darkened corner. “Whatever it is, I’ll watch it from back here.”
The chamber stood quiet and expectant. Even the torches seemed to be holding their collective breath. 
“Oh, Winston.” Star took his hand. “Whatever happens next, I’m so proud of you.”
“Thanks, Star.”
“Nobody else could have handled this situation as well. You’re a natural manufactured diplomat.”
Her praise bolstered his sagging ego the same way that the crutch kept his body upright. 
At least nobody can say I didn’t give it my best shot, even if it wasn’t good enough.
After a few minutes, the birds returned bearing something in their midst – a robot of some sort clad in a white coat. The garment flapped around so much in the turbulence that, at first, Winston thought a great white bird had entered. 
The chickadees deposited their burden gently on its feet and returned to their perches. No tumbling dump off for this passenger, apparently. The newcomer straightened its coat with precise, fussy motions and brushed a bit of dirt off its sleeve.
Winston had never seen anything like it. The robot was an extremely realistic Humanite model, but it looked rather old and shabby with a frizzled perimeter of gray hair on its bald head. Stubble covered its face, like a human male who had not shaved for a while. Why would anybody design a robot like this – was it a perverse joke?
The newcomer looked coolly at Winston and Star.
“So, who were you expecting,” it said in a high-pitched, crackly voice, “the goddam Easter Bunny?”
“No, it’s just that we’ve never seen a robot like you before,” Winston said.
“Well, imagine that?” the newcomer said. “Maybe it’s because I ain’t no frigging robot!”
“You mean ...” Star gasped.
“Yes, yes, I’m a real human being,” the newcomer said. “Let me prove it to you.”
Braaappp! 
He broke wind explosively. A nearby torch flared up. Winston recoiled.
Ugh, I wish they hadn’t replaced my olfactory sensor!
“Show me a robot that can do that!” the man said triumphantly.
Realization dawned on Winston. 
“Dr. Rackenfauz, I presume?” he said.
The man bowed with mock formality. “That is quite correct, young fellow. I am Edgar Rackenfauz, Ph.D. – double Ph.D., actually.”
“M-my name is Winston Horvath, scholar model robot,” Winston managed to say. “I can’t believe I’ve found you! My master, Dr. Horvath, said I should seek you out.”
“Ah yes, Anna Horvath,” Rackenfauz said, “a fine lady.”
He reached out a bony hand and grasped the medals around Winston’s neck. He studied them with an amused little smile.
“Nice workmanship,” he said. “I really like that skull ring, too – real class.”
Star took a step forward. “My name is Star Power,” she said. “I’m with Winston.”
Rackenfauz nodded. “Right, the Estrella Project.”
“You know who I am?” Star said.
“I know a lot of things,” Rackenfauz said. “I wasn’t always stuck in this place, you know. I used to be lead designer at the RDI!”
“Then what about – ” Winston said.
Rackenfauz silenced him with an upraised hand.
“Maybe I’d better supply some background information,” he said, “before you take up any more of my valuable time with questions.”
“Okay, great,” Winston said.
“Let me see.” Rackenfauz stroked his chin stubble. “I’ll begin with the day I left Mech City ...”


44: Last Day at the RDI

“I’d been all packed and ready to leave since the day before,” Dr. Rackenfauz began, “but I was unable to tear himself away from my bird obsession. A final batch of components remained, and I simply could not bear the thought of leaving them behind unassembled. 
“Fortunately, Jack and Quincy were available to help. We’d been working all morning, reducing the backlog greatly. But the time for a final breakup had arrived ...”
***
“Excuse us, sir,” Quincy said, “may we go now? We were asked to assist at the Estrella Project.”
Rackenfauz looked up at Quincy, as if seeing the tech assistant robot for the first time. Then he glanced over the assembly tables – only a dozen mech birds awaited final assembly.
“Yes, yes,” he said, “go on.”
Quincy bowed. “Thank you, sir.”
The two robots walked out of the workshop door and headed for the stairs.
“The old boy’s not very big on gratitude, is he?” Jack said.
“He’s a queer one, alright,” Quincy said, “but these are queer times.”
Rackenfauz had overheard these less than flattering comments, but he was not bothered. Why be offended by the truth? He sat back wearily on the high stool and scanned his miserable surroundings. 
His workshop was the shabbiest, most isolated one in the whole Robotics Development Institute – a private reserve for the oddball reject that he’d become. The water pipes leaked, the lighting was bad, the floor was cracked and stained. Only a single high window opened to the world outside. 
From the RDI’s Chief Designer laboratory in the main building down into this hole! It had been a painful tumble.
Even with the entire world crashing in around them, people still had time for their stupid political games. The death of the Institute’s director had left Rackenfauz exposed to the jealous vindictiveness of his junior colleagues, and they had made the most of it. 
Rackenfauz had gotten along well with Director Kinkaid. They’d understood each other, even if there wasn’t much personal affection between them, and Dr. Rackenfauz owed his high position to Kinkaid’s favor. But, tragically, the Director had been among the many victims of the blast that destroyed the university complex. At least the poor man didn’t have to witness the ravages of the final plague. 
Rackenfauz shook his head with self-pity. “Ah, to be old and gay.” 
Actually, he wasn’t that old, but compared to many of the other mech heads, he seemed like a throwback to an earlier age. But what did they know? A bunch of young punks running through abandoned corridors playing Gorzo the Adventure Robot games and screwing around with technologies they did not understand.
Rackenfauz was decidedly gay, however, and that rattled his enemies even more than his annoying genius did. Behind his back they called him “the Old Faggot” and “Wacky Rackenfauz.” 
He’d always been the withdrawn, self-absorbed type far more interested in technical matters than in human relations. He simply could not understand the penchant for gratuitous cruelty that so many people had. Their disrespect cut deep.
“Ach!” He kicked an empty stool across the room.
So, his dear colleagues had booted him down here to work on mech bird designs – of all things. They thought the humiliation would be too much for him, that he would simply disappear from the Institute as other ostracized technicians had done over the years.
This had been his intent, but soon a weird obsession had taken hold of him – a screwball plan to replace the world’s lost avian population. During the past months, he’d produced mech birds by the thousands. He’d released them in small flocks so that they would range freely, as far as their solar charged power plants would take them, restoring bird song to an increasingly silent Earth.
Well, at least he knew that he was half mad. Not like those other mech heads with their monster projects and killer wolf designs. Things were getting so dire that Rackenfauz began packing a submachine gun under his lab coat, just in case. 
In a backhanded way, the awareness of his colleagues’ insanity had kept Rackenfauz from cracking up totally himself. No matter, it would all be over soon.
Within a few hours, he’d completed the assembly work. He carried the last bird across the workshop to the open window. It was the standard all-black design. In the grip of his mania, Rackenfauz had not given much thought to variation. It would only have complicated his great project.
The little creature tugged mightily at his gloved hands, straining towards freedom. The power to weight ratio of these mech birds was extraordinary, each one could carry a load far in excess of its own bulk. Rackenfauz held it up to the window and opened his hands. The bird shot off into the gray, shrouded sky, cheeping loudly.
“Good luck!” Rackenfauz called after it.
Something abruptly snapped inside him – a cord that had connected him to his mania – and a wonderful sense of liberation took its place. He understood how the newly released bird must have felt, if it had any feelings.
“Well done, Edgar!” He removed the gloves and tossed them on a workbench with an air of finality. “Now it’s time to blow the pop stand.” 
He’d planned to take a French leave, but had since changed his mind. Perhaps some notion of professional courtesy compelled him to bid adieu to his surviving colleagues. Rackenfauz couldn’t understand why he felt this way, since the others clearly did not reciprocate. 
Well, the end of the world didn’t come every day, and it wouldn’t hurt to say good-bye.
He left his workshop for the last time and mounted the dreary staircase to the ground floor. In past years, even this auxiliary building had hummed with activity, now it was silent and dead. Water from the leaky roof puddled on the floor, and scrofulous green paint peeled off the walls.
He left the annex and made his way across the grounds toward the main building. As always when he came outside, his breath caught at the foul air. He almost missed his gloomy workshop now, at least the air filters kept the pollutants down to a breathable level. 
He coughed harshly. “This isn’t doing my asthma a damn bit of good.” 
Two mech wolves glared at him from the courtyard periphery. Rackenfauz gripped the compact submachine gun holstered under his lab coat.
“Come here Poochies!” he called. “I’ve got a nice treat for you.”
As if cognizant of the “treat” he had in store for them, the wolves slunk away and concealed themselves in the dead shrubbery. 
“That goddam lunatic, Blake,” Rackenfauz grumbled.
The mech wolves were Blake’s handiwork. He’d been instrumental in overthrowing Rackenfauz and had grabbed the lead designer post for himself. And just look at the result! That madman had produced a whole pack of these savage Iridium Project knockoffs.
Of course, Blake was dead now, along with most of the others. Rumor had it that one of his own creations had finished him off. But who could say? Things seldom worked out with such geometric precision.
Rackenfauz entered the main building and ascended to the second floor where the Estrella Project laboratory was located. Any surviving technicians would surely be there for the big event – Estrella was being brought online today. Groans and shrieks issuing from the lab indicated that work was in progress.
The misshapen test bed machine, Nilo, was standing in the hallway outside the workshop, observing events through the two way mirror. A strange, flickering light shown in Nilo’s eyes. It abruptly vanished when the thing turned toward Rackenfauz.
“Good morning, Professor,” it said in a fawning tone. 
“Yes, quite,” Rackenfauz said.
Nilo clung to the arm of a giant drone machine, probably one of Dr. Lindemann’s inventions. The drone stood at rigid attention with its button eyes staring into nothingness. The two robots made an appalling couple. 
Rackenfauz had objected to the abusive “games” that Blake and others had played with Nilo, but that didn’t mean he liked the test bed machine. On the contrary, it gave him the willies. There was something fundamentally wrong with the creature, although Rackenfauz couldn’t put a finger on it. 
Had they been outside, with a clear range of fire, he might have blasted the grotesque pair. Rackenfauz felt a sudden urge to blast all of creation. 
Why should he care, anyway? Now that everything was coming to an end, the great injustice – a.k.a. his life – was starting to choke him with its toxic fumes. 
Was it any wonder that he’d retreated into a personal world of ideas and machines when the broader society had offered him so little? The “real men,” like those bastards on the RDI staff, didn’t like him because he was gay. They’d cheated him out of his rightful place, regardless of his brilliance. 
The gay men didn’t care for him because he was unattractive. And he was a bit of an oddball, too, which gave everyone a reason to avoid him. He’d had no place to stand except within his work. And now he was the last one left standing. How ironic!
As if cognizant of Rackenfauz’s turbulent thoughts, the Nilo machine bowed courteously: “I’ll just leave you to your observations, sir.” 
It hobbled off toward the elevator with its drone valet. The goddam creature had been damaged somehow. Rackenfauz approached the two way mirror and stared into the workshop. What he witnessed appalled him. 
The noisome spectacle of the Estrella robot being wrenched through a series of orgasma routines was bad enough, but the lecherous expressions of the observing technicians disgusted Rackenfauz deeply. They seemed possessed of truly evil compulsions – especially Dr. Thurston, the lone female among them. 
And they condemned him? Even in his most extreme fantasies, Rackenfauz had never contemplated sex with a machine! He wanted to vomit but had nothing in his stomach to toss up.
Finally, the awful testing stopped, and the Estrella robot went limp. Rackenfauz almost felt sorry for it, which was something new. Until now, he’d felt very little toward the robots created here, beyond simple pride of achievement for his own work.
Estrella was approaching the technicians now, pleading with them, offering its body in the most lewd fashion. All they could do was look away, shaking their heads sadly. 
God’s gifts to women, eh? And now you can’t even get it up at the crucial moment!
Rackenfauz’s sense of triumph was short lived, though, replaced by feelings of pity. He understood that his colleagues had early stage plague. Within a week or so, all of them would be dead. 
They were leaving the control console now and trooping out the door. Just a brief word of farewell would do – no hard feelings and all that. Rackenfauz approached the group. 
“Hello, everyone,” he said.
“You’re still here?” Dr. Potocsky said. “I thought you cleared out already.”
“Well, uh, I’m getting ready to leave now,” Rackenfauz said.
“Don’t let us keep you,” Dr. Thurston said.
Their comments had been merely frosty and unkind, but Dr. Alexander gripped Rackenfauz’s arm and glowered at him over the tops of his sunglasses with genuine malevolence.
“You’re looking very well, Edgar,” he said. “Why is that?”
“I think you know why,” Rackenfauz said, wrenching his arm back.
“Right!” Thurston cackled. “Your magic vaccines.”
They all laughed. Even Alexander managed an ugly snarl of merriment. Then they turned away and shuffled down the corridor.
“It’s been nice working with you, too,” Rackenfauz said. 
Nobody looked back.


45: Adios to Mech City
Rackenfauz descended to the subterranean garage on the outskirts of the Institute grounds. At one time this place had bustled with activity as delivery vehicles drove down the ramp laden with cargo. Here, shielded from the outside world, robots had scurried about unloading the many items which meant survival and growth for the vast enterprise above.
Now the place was abandoned, except for one large truck. Rackenfauz smacked its driver side door.
“Good to see you again, Old Paint.”
Rackenfauz had been secretly loading this truck for weeks, assisted by drone robots who were too dumb to spread the word about his actions. In these paranoid times, one couldn’t be too careful. 
The commodious trailer now held everything he’d need to reestablish himself in new surroundings. He had food, medical supplies, weapons and ammo. Not too much food, because he could always scavenge more from any abandoned supermarket. Besides, he needed the room for his large stock of technical equipment and robotic components. 
Rackenfauz ascended to the driver’s seat and started the engine.
“Let’s get a move on!”
He clicked the remote, and the metals door grated up, admitting light to the underground haven. Rackenfauz drove up the ramp into the ruined world above with the disquieting sensation that he was emerging from one tomb only to enter another. 
Scenes of devastation pressed in from all sides – abandoned vehicles, derelict store fronts, rubbish blowing around in dust devils. His cloistered existence at the RDI had ill prepared him for the realities of the wider world.
This is one messed up town, amigo.
He wasn’t certain of his destination, only that he needed to get someplace else. Maybe he’d check out the West Coast Robotics Development Center and see if anything was still going on out there. It couldn’t be any worse than here, and at least the ocean would be nearby. 
So, with this vague objective in mind, he headed west through Mech City.
He quickly realized his mistake. He should have driven east and left town by the shortest route. Once in the rural area, he could have picked up the westbound highway. But now he was forced to maneuver the clumsy, unfamiliar vehicle through city streets and around the large bomb crater defacing the center of town.
“You’re off to a lousy start, Edgar,” he said. 
“Who asked you?” he replied.
Rackenfauz had been socially isolated for so long that such two-way conversations came natural to him.
Numerous robots wandered the streets aimlessly, only getting out of the way when Rackenfauz sounded the truck’s powerful horn.
“It’s like they want to get run over,” he observed. “Weird.”
But he could spare no time wondering about the robots’ strange behavior. He had to devote all his efforts to the tricky job of handling the truck. At least he didn’t have to worry about other traffic. He drove through stop signs and red lights without a thought. Most of the traffic lights had ceased functioning, anyway.
Human corpses littered the sidewalks in many places. Their ghastly presence chilled him to the bone, and he drew his shabby lab coat about himself. His imagination started acting up, big time. What was that thing moving over there? Was it some kind of robot or an animated corpse thirsting for blood? 
Malevolent eyes peered at him from every building, unspeakable creatures emerged from the sewer grates as soon as he passed over them. Rackenfauz seemed to be driving through a bad horror movie, the kind that degenerate persons viewed late at night with their bottles of cheap booze. 
Thump! Something landed on the hood.
“Ah!” Rackenfauz nearly lost control of the truck.
It was a gaggle of mech birds!
“What the hell?”
Several more birds landed on the hood, others pressed against the windshield. Rackenfauz turned on the wipers to flick them off. 
He lowered his window. “Get away, Goddammit!” 
The birds ignored him. They smothered the hood now, others perched on the cab roof or atop the trailer. A huge cloud of them flew overhead. Every mech bird he’d ever produced was following him out of town! He raised the window before any birds could get inside. 
The cab’s air filtration system roared into high so as to clear the acrid pollutants he’d let in. What were the little beasties up to, anyway – did they have some bone to pick with him? He glanced nervously at the shotgun hanging on the rack behind him.
Rackenfauz was approaching the traffic circle marking the town’s boundary. The old equestrian statue that had once stood in the middle of it was gone. In its place, a large bronze colored robot stood on the pedestal.
“Ach,” Rackenfauz scoffed, “that must be one of Dr. Lindemann’s fantasy machines.”
He had liked “Loony Lindemann” who was one of the few younger mech heads who had always treated him with respect. The kid was the first to go off the rails, though. He’d indulged his mad proclivities by creating various characters from the Gorzo the Adventure Robot stories.
The one on the pedestal appeared to be Ajax, the loyal and virtuous sidekick of Gorzo. It swiveled its head as Rackenfauz drove past and raised an arm in salute. Rackenfauz waved back.
“Adios,” he said. “The town’s all yours now.”
He stomped the accelerator, the birds covering the truck scattered. The cloud flying above dropped back rapidly.
“Good riddance to you, too!” Rackenfauz shouted.
***
Seventy-five kilometers ticked past. He’d had to drive the big vehicle under full manual control, as satellite navigation and all the other automated travel systems were no longer functional. The landscape was utterly barren and deserted. A towering dust devil spun parallel to the road for some time, then turned off into the wastes.
Boy, things sure went straight to hell out here!
Then, from out of thick air, his destination came to him with the clarity of a lightening flash – Pickle Lake Castle.
Of course, why hadn’t he thought of it earlier? It would be the ideal place for him to recharge his own batteries and plan for such future as remained to him. Also, the mountain air had to be better than the polluted sludge he’d been forced to breath for months now.
As a boy, he’d spent a weekend at the Castle on a science club field trip, and he’d deemed it “very cool.” He’d loved the soaring grandeur of the place which offered the perfect balance of man-made structure and natural beauty. Their guide said that giant helicopters had hauled in the building materials. 
The castle had been built by an eccentric tycoon back in the early twenty-first century. He’d entertained a myriad of guests from society’s upper crust there, and his lavish parties became the topic of scandal. But he wearied of these hedonistic pursuits and lived out his final years at the castle in icy solitude, away from the humanity he’d come to loath. 
Later, after many years of abandonment, the castle had reopened for a run as an “adventure tourist” destination. Still later, Rackenfauz had heard that a religious cult had taken the place over. 
Not likely that anybody would be there now. And if there was – Rackenfauz felt the reassuring bulk of the submachine gun under his lab coat. The weapon guaranteed that anybody he might encounter would be open to reasonable discussion.
So, why was he wearing this goddam white coat anyway? It had no purpose out here, he could have outfitted himself with new clothes from any of the abandoned stores in Mech City. 
It was because the lab coat identified him as a person of learning and capability, Rackenfauz decided. It distinguished him from the masses, even though the masses were gone now. His coat was the last thread connecting him to the old world. The thought annoyed him.
“Ach! How do I get to this Pickle Lake place?”
He fumbled for the road atlas amid the clutter on the passenger seat. The distraction made him lose momentary control of the steering, and the right front wheel slipped off the pavement. 
“Oh, hell!”
With stunning alacrity, the whole situation careened out of control. Rackenfauz tried to force the wheel back onto the road, but it only dug deeper into the soft shoulder. The steering wheel jerked out of his hands.
“Hey!”
Rackenfauz stomped the brake and the debacle came to an abrupt halt with the truck nosed down into the ditch, leaning crazily. He killed the motor and jumped out of the cab.
“Goddammit!”
How could such a trivial incident lead to this gigantic disaster? He aimed a kick at a tire, but only succeeded in hurting his foot.
“Owwww!”
He hopped on his good foot, clutching his injured appendage with both hands and cursing his foolishness to the empty heavens. 
“Idiot, goddam moron!”
The pain lessoned, and Rackenfauz gingerly lowered his foot to the ground. A bolt of agony shot up his leg. A few seconds later, he tried the maneuver again, placing less weight on the injury this time.  He could bear the pain now. He didn’t seem to have broken anything, thank God.
Then two mech birds emerged from their hiding place between the cab and trailer and fluttered up before him.
“What the hell are you doing here? Scram!” Rackenfauz shrieked.
The birds took off back down the highway. 
Rackenfauz immediately regretted his outburst. He watched the little creatures depart with something akin to nostalgic affection. He’d always preferred the solitary life to the irksome necessity of interacting with others, maybe that’s why he’d kept most of his marbles. But now he felt utterly abandoned. 
The air was only slightly less terrible than in Mech City. He retrieved a respirator mask from the tottering cab and strapped it over his face. 
***
The next hours passed in absolute frustration and self-pity. The late afternoon sun began dropping toward the horizon behind its cloak of thick clouds. The hot, claustrophobic mask added to his misery, but he dared not reenter the cab for fear that the whole truck might tip over.
“Why did I have to dick around with that goddam atlas?” He chided himself a hundred times. “I’d be halfway to Pickle Lake Castle by now!”
Then the silence was broken by the rumble of a motor vehicle. Rackenfauz stood in the middle of the road and observed a battered pickup truck approaching from the east. 
“Well, what do you know?”
He waved his arms. The pickup drove past him and came to a stop fifteen meters away. Four robots occupied the back end, and another one was driving the vehicle. 
This was excellent news! Any robot programmed to operate a motor vehicle would have to be a construction model. That meant a building site was probably not far away, and that meant heavy equipment to pull his truck back onto the road. Two robots jumped down from the box and approached ...
Something was very wrong.
They both carried hunks of metal pipe, and hate-filled expressions twisted their faces. Rackenfauz gaped at them with disbelief. These were standard models, not creatures from Blake’s workshop. They should have been showing him the utmost deference.
“Hey man,” one of them said, “what’re you up to?”
Rackenfauz took a step back and slipped a hand under his coat. “I ... uh, my truck went off the road.”
“Well, ain’t that too bad.” The robot raised its club. “Let’s see what we can do about it.”
Time seemed to slow, as in a nightmare. The robot advanced, the club started to come down – then the submachine gun was in Rackenfauz’s hands, barking destruction. 
Blamity blam blam blam blam blam!
“Yaaa!” Rackenfauz howled a battle cry.
The two robots blew apart, their components raining onto the pavement.
Rackenfauz stepped over the wreckage and charged the pickup as fast as he could on his bum foot – but it was fleeing beyond range. He halted, panting into his respirator mask, and watched the vehicle disappear.
“My god, things are worse than I thought.”
He limped back toward his truck. He was suddenly exhausted, and his little gun felt as heavy as a cannon ball. The scattered components of his victims lay before him. A severed head looked up with malevolent eyes.
“Hey man,” it said, “hey man ... hey man ...”
“Ugh!” 
Rackenfauz kicked the obscene thing off the road. Pain shot through his injured foot, but he paid it no mind.
“The Che Syndrome, I wouldn’t have believed it.”


46: Onward
Dr. Rackenfauz spent a miserable night outdoors. He’d ventured another foray into the tottering cab to retrieve blankets and food – and the shotgun. He burrowed himself a little fortress in the ditch and slept erratically with his arsenal close at hand. 
He woke often, convinced that he’d heard the approach of enemies, but none came. Periodically, he detected an exhortation from the ditch across the road: 
“hey man ... hey man ...”
By morning he was cranky and tired. The respirator mask had chafed his skin raw, and the dry, sterile air it delivered irritated his throat. He climbed out of the ditch and regarded the truck with dismay. The big machine was as helpless as a beached whale, back when whales still populated the oceans.
As he stood in the highway contemplating his dreary options, he noticed a dark cloud approaching from the east. 
“What the hell is that?”
The makeup of the cloud soon became apparent – mech birds! A jolt of terror shot through Rackenfauz.
“I should have blasted those two before they could alert the others!”
He feared the birds had gone mad like those robots in the pickup truck. So, here they were again in their thousands, seeking revenge because he had spurned them – because he had manufactured them in the first place. Because he was alive.
Rackenfauz cradled the shotgun in his arms. They could make quick work of him if they wanted to, but he would not go down without a fight. He’d always been the shy, retiring sort who avoided conflict, but the battle with the renegade bots had gotten his blood up.
“That’s right,” he shouted, “I’ve got real blood! Not like you pitiful machines.”
As far as he knew, he was the last human being anywhere. And if the race had to die out, let it be here and now, blasting defiance. He chambered a round into the shotgun and flicked off the safety. The birds were upon him now. They hovered directly overhead, swirling their dark mass like a hurricane from hell. Rackenfauz’s coat flapped in the downdraft. He aimed the shotgun upward.
“Well come on!” he cried over the deafening chirps. “What are you waiting for?”
To his utter amazement, the birds began to compact themselves into a single unit. A harsh, crackling noise accompanied their maneuver like the scrunching of a gigantic sheet of paper. The shotgun barrel lowered under its own weight, Rackenfauz’s jaw dropped. 
Then, impossibly, a vast human-shaped figure descended to earth right in front of him. 
“Good god!”
The thousands of individual birds were scarcely distinguishable now. The grotesque creature they had melded into loomed fifteen meters above ground level, like some vengeful demon.
“W-what do you want?” Rackenfauz gasped through his respirator.
The composite being raised an arm and pointed to the truck cab. The chirps coming from it were no longer random, but seemed to be of a logical pattern. The damned thing was speaking to him!
“Okay, okay!” Rackenfauz flicked the shotgun’s safety back on. “I’m going.”
Moving with slow, jerky motions as if in a dream, he ascended to the cab and settled into the driver’s seat. The truck began to tip dangerously, but now a solid black mass was pressing against the downhill flank, steadying the vehicle.
“My god!” Rackenfauz wiped a hand over his sweaty neck. “This can’t be happening.”
But the urgent, chirping voice outside the cab told him that it was happening.
“Well ... here goes nothing.”
He started the engine and wrenched it into reverse. The tires bit the soft dirt with a screeching roar. The truck heaved, pushed by the combined strength of the mech birds. It started to tip again, the dark creature righted it. Rackenfauz gunned the engine – 
The truck was back on the pavement. 
“Yippee!”
Rackenfauz cut the power and clambered down from the cab. Above him, the birds were swirling back into their cloud formation.
“Thank you, my friends!” He blew kisses their direction. “Looks like we’ll be travelling together, eh?”
A chorus of ecstatic-sounding chirps greeted this announcement.
“Just hold on, I’ll be ready in a minute!”
Rackenfauz quickly packed up his camping gear. Then, with a certain disgust, he retrieved the robot head he’d kicked into the ditch. He could run some brain diagnostics in an effort to trace the progress of the Che Syndrome.
“Hey man ...” the thing said weakly, then flickered out as it used up the last of its auxiliary power.
A bullet hole rendered the second robot head useless for research purposes.
Rackenfauz got back into the cab. A quartet of mech birds shared it with him now, perching on the dashboard like little statuettes with that utter stillness only robotic life forms could achieve. Rackenfauz made a final study of the road atlas, then packed it away behind the seat where he couldn’t get at it without stopping the truck.
“Shall we go, my friends?” he asked.
The birds made no reply.
“I take it that means yes.”
He began to drive, maintaining a low speed in consideration of the avian flock trailing behind. For the first time since the accident, his mind relaxed into its customary speculative mode. 
What would his former colleagues think about these developments, he wondered. The Che Syndrome hypothesis was well known, but everyone, including himself, had rejected it. Now there was brutal proof of its accuracy. 
And the banding together of the birds with each miniscule brain merging into a powerful group intelligence. Such evolution violated all accepted theory. 
Well, theory be damned, he’d seen the hard evidence with his own eyes!
A horrifying thought barged in. What if the Che Syndrome took hold of the birds? If that great composite being that had liberated the truck suddenly turned psychotic, then – 
Rackenfauz took solace from the first tenet of the theory which stated that only robotic life forms who had lost their purpose for existence were affected by the psychosis.
Looks like I’m their purpose now. As long as they can serve me, they’ll be okay ... I hope.
He mentally reviewed the tenets of the Che Syndrome theory:
If human control slackens, the orderly and servile world of robots will unravel quickly. Robotic life forms were never designed to be independently functioning entities.
Lacking proper guidance, robotic personalities will degenerate to a lower and more brutal level. The benign moral code programmed into them will disintegrate under stress. 
The Syndrome will follow a predictable sequence for robotic life forms that have lost their purpose for existence: 

1. Rapid psychological decay 
2. Descent into a state of imbalance
3. Suicide / OR:
4. Banding together of similarly affected robotic life forms
5. Attainment of a psychotic equilibrium
6. Destructive group behaviors

Of course, these warnings were universally ignored by the mech heads, many of whom were becoming psychologically unhinged themselves. Rackenfauz himself had paid no heed. Who wants to face such harsh realities when denial is so much easier?
Dr. Rackenfauz’s angry, apocalyptic thoughts of the previous morning were giving way to a kindlier disposition toward the world. He felt almost a sense of stewardship toward it now. Who could say how many human beings might still exist, and hadn’t he successfully defended that remnant? Him – Edgar J. Rackenfauz – standing toe to toe with evil and blasting it down like some hero from the action movies.
The broad, empty world outside his windows could feel free to welcome him now. He was like a suitor who, many years afterwards, meets again the haughty beauty who had spurned him. Now she is worn and faded, but willing to reconsider. 
“I’ll take it under advisement,” he said.
The bird cloud had receded to the horizon. Rackenfauz stopped the truck and waited for it to catch up. 


47: Pickle Lake Castle
Days later, after chugging through many kilometers of foothills on secondary roads, they reached the vicinity of Pickle Lake. Rackenfauz parked his truck by the concrete steps at the trailhead. 
“Well, we finally made it! Wasn’t that one helluva ride, my friends?” 
The birds made no reply but just circled above in their lazy hurricane formation.
Rackenfauz donned his respirator and climbed down from the cab. He stretched weary muscles, pain shot through his lower back. Nope, he wasn’t a spring chicken any more – if he needed more proof of that.
The steps were familiar from his long ago sojourn, even though the Trail to the Castle sign that had once stood beside them was down. Rackenfauz noticed it lying in the dead underbrush, riddled with bullet holes.
He looked upwards with trepidation. Beyond the stairs, a narrow track led into the mountains. His rosy memories had excluded the long, tiring kilometers on foot necessary to reach the castle. Rackenfauz doffed his respirator and sniffed the air. It wasn’t bad, although it still carried an acrid undertone mixed in with the woodsy sent of dead trees. 
He dismissed any idea of setting up his workshop at the Castle, as the logistics were far too daunting. But at least he could try hiking up for a look – then back to Plan A and the West Coast.
He provisioned a knapsack and returned with it to the trailhead. But before he could start walking, a mass of birds swooped down upon him. 
“Hey, what are you doing?” 
He flailed his arms desperately, but the birds seized him and began to lift him up. 
“Put me down!”
Then he was airborne, like it or not. 
“Ohhh!” 
But he got over his terror pretty quick. Over the past days, he’d come to trust the birds implicitly. If they wanted him to fly, then that’s what he should do, right? 
Soon his fear morphed into outright exaltation. 
“Wow-ee – King of the world!” he cried.
Terrain that had once taken many hours of strenuous effort to ascend now passed beneath him in a blur of excitement. He was flying a hundred meters over the brown forest! As he approached the upper edge of the tree line, greenery suddenly burst forth among the dry wood in an exuberant reassertion of life. 
The air was fresh now and bore the wonderful scent of evergreen. Rackenfauz gulped it in like an elixir then exhaled a reservoir of pollution from his lungs. The stress and fear of the past several months blew away into the gorgeous mountain sky, replaced by a joy akin to religious ecstasy. 
Around him, other groups of birds hauled cargo from the truck. Above them all, a great flying mass provided escort. Their cacophony of chirps seemed a beautiful sonata to Rackenfauz’s ears. The dramatic heights of the castle came into view!
His rapture faded when they passed over Pickle Lake. The water and rocky shore below him were littered with – 
“Oh, no!” Rackenfauz pressed his eyes shut.
Maybe if he didn’t look, then the horrible scene would disappear back into the nightmare it had slithered out from. But the air began to turn putrid, invalidating his attempt at denial. Rackenfauz slipped his respirator mask back on and opened his eyes to the truth.
The water and rocky shore below him were littered with hundreds of human corpses. Rackenfauz almost swooned at the obscene affront. His stomach heaved. Fortunately it was empty, otherwise he’d be vomiting his guts out into the respirator mask. 
“I came all the way out here for that?” 
But his bird allies were already coming to his rescue again. Masses of them were zooming down to the lake and snatching up bodies. They bore their grisly cargo back downhill to dump it off only God knew where. Rackenfauz certainly didn’t want to know. 
Finally, his escort deposited him at the castle front gate. It was unlocked, and Rackenfauz entered the vast reception hall.
“Anybody home!” His voice echoed off the bare stone walls.
***
His bird escort followed him inside and stuck close to him as he toured the castle. The tower rooms with their murals and intricate tile work had been turned into dormitories. Sleeping bags and other accouterments covered the once elegant wood floors. 
Hundreds of people must have once lived here, all jammed together. They’d probably been members of that religious cult and were now the bloated corpses floating in Pickle Lake. 
What happened here? 
Rackenfauz thought of the 20th century religious lunatic, Jim Jones, and the mass suicide of his following. Had such a gruesome scenario played out here – or had those people all succumbed to the plague, choosing to die together in the beautiful setting of the lake? 
It hardly mattered. In the context of the worldwide collapse, the fate of a few hundred religious freaks could not amount to much. 
Rackenfauz continued his tour up to the weird, funereal chamber on the tower summit. Bizarre religious ceremonies must have taken place here, he reasoned. Torches still burned along the walls, fed by some reservoir of flammable gas. The place gave him the willies, but the birds liked the huge pyramidal ceiling with its network of rafters.
The floor below this chamber of horrors was given over to a single, opulent apartment.
In contrast to the Spartan décor of the dormitories, this suite had lavish everything – from the many pieces of fine furniture to the opulent bed, to the oriental carpets on the floor. Thick tapestries covered every window, except one.
These beautiful works of art had been stripped from the entry hall and from the first floor corridors. Rackenfauz recognized some of them from his earlier visit. They presented various Christian tableaux. At first Rackenfauz thought that that the apartment’s inhabitant was paying homage to Christ.
No, this guy wanted to be his own Messiah.
The sole uncovered window looked out on Pickle Lake with its legion of corpses. Rackenfauz backed away from it and departed the chamber in a hurry.
Then on to the wings where he found ideal settings for his workshop and living quarters. The earlier residents seem to have ignored the east wing, and it was still in fairly good condition. Rackenfauz understood the necessity of establishing a work routine for himself. Otherwise, without definite purpose, he could be subject to a human variant of the Che Syndrome.
At the conclusion of his tour, Rackenfauz found what must have once been a large food cache by the dining hall. But it was almost depleted, except for some rather dubious looking dried fruit. 
A locked iron door led to the basement regions. Rackenfauz decided not to try opening it. He’d seen enough of Pickle Lake Castle’s secrets.


48: Happy Reunion
“At least I learned one thing during my trip here,” Dr. Rackenfauz said.
“What was that?” Winston asked.
“I’m one helluva lousy truck driver!” Rackenfauz’s cackling laughter bounced off the walls. “But there isn’t much road traffic these days, is there? And no pain-in-the-derriere cops, neither.”
“That’s quite a story, Professor,” Winston said. “It seems we’re not the only ones who had an eventful journey.”
Star did not utter a word, but her mind was spinning full tilt. Never had she dared hope that a human robotics technician might have survived. But here he was – in apparent good health, too. Granted, he seemed a bit weird, but who wouldn’t be under these circumstances?
For his part, Iri put little stock in Rackenfauz’s narrative. It was just another mech head griping about his unjust fate. Iri’d had his fill of neurotic mech heads back at the RDI. 
Yeah pal, he thought, life’s tough all over. Deal with it.
He was much more interested in Ajax’s head than in Dr. Rackenfauz’s story. When would the thing flicker back into consciousness again – or was it burnt out for good? Most important, how were they going to get out of here? 
Rackenfauz moved toward him. 
“Is that Iridium I see reposing in the corner shadows?” he said.
Iri bared his teeth. “What’s it to you, buddy?”
“What’s it to me?” Rackenfauz’s eyebrows shot up with surprise. “I led your design team, is what. You’re my very best work.”
Iri poked his head out of shadows. “I-is that really true?” 
“Of course, it’s true,” Rackenfauz said. “Why would I lie about it? They kicked me off the project just before your activation, and Blake took all the credit. But you were built to my specifications.”
A bright new world suddenly exploded open for the great canine.
“Papa!” Iridium cried.
He scampered out of the shadows and wrapped himself around the Professor’s legs like a huge kitten. 
“I thought Dr. Blake designed me,” Iri said. “I was so ashamed.”
“Well, I can certainly understand that,” Rackenfauz said.
He patted Iridium’s head, and the massive canine purred with contentment. 
All his existence, Iridium had loathed Dr. Blake. He’d watched that horrible man create a pack of mech wolf savages in his, Iridium’s, image. He’d wanted to stop Blake, but could not overcome the programming that barred him from attacking a human. 
But now he knew better. Blake was nothing to him! In a flash, Edgar Rackenfauz had morphed from an old screwball into the ultimate father figure.
Dr. Rackenfauz looked toward Winston and Star. “Iridium has a wonderful sense of humor, doesn’t he? I programmed it myself.”
“Uh ... yeah,” Winston said. 
He would have never characterized Iri’s sarcastic utterances as ‘humor,’ but it seemed wise not to disagree on the point.
“There, there,” Rackenfauz stroked Iridium’s chin. “You’re just a big old puppy dog, aren’t you?”
I doubt he’d say that if he’d seen Iri take those scrappers apart, Winston thought.
“I’m not much of a people person,” Rackenfauz said. “So I decided to branch out with my designs – try to replicate ‘man’s best friend’ as it were. Interesting results, eh?”
“Oh, yes!” Star said.
“Excuse me, Doctor,” Winston said, “but I’ve been meaning to ask. Are you related to the botanist Jonathan Rackenfauz?”
“Ah, you are a true scholar,” Rackenfauz said. “Yes, he was my grandfather. He did pharmaceutical research in the South American rain forests, back when there still were rain forests.”
Winston groped for a connection. “Did that have something to do with your surviving the plague?”
“Very astute, young fellow!” Rackenfauz said. “Yes, I inherited Grand papa’s experimental vaccines. I never imagined they’d be worth anything, but I kept them in deep freeze just the same. They were all he left me, you know.” 
He mimicked giving himself a shot in his arm. “But when the final plague hit I said, ‘What the heck?’ I started thawing and injecting. Looks like it worked, eh?”
“Why didn’t the other technicians use the vaccines?” Star asked.
“Ach!” Rackenfauz made a dismissive gesture. “They didn’t want any help from ‘the Old Faggot.’ So, I shipped the vaccines to a colleague at the West Coast Robotics Center.”
“So, other mech heads – I mean, other robotics technicians – have survived?” Star asked.
“Who knows?” Rackenfauz said. “We lost touch in any case.”
Star turned her eyes toward the window. Incredible possibilities fluttered out there, agitating her mind.
“Uh, you must be wondering why we came here, Professor,” Winston said.
“You want that head, of course,” Rackenfauz said. “What for, I can’t imagine.”
“That’s right,” Winston said.
He proceeded to explain the situation in Mech City and their plans to overthrow Fascista Ultimo. Throughout, he was careful to emphasize Iridium’s contribution, so as to stroke the Professor’s paternal ego a bit.
***
“Hmmm,” Rackenfauz said when Winston had finished his account. “I should have blasted that Nilo creature and his drone when I had the chance.”
“We can take the head back with us, then?” Winston asked.
“I sure don’t want it,” Rackenfauz said. “Take the goddam thing, I say.”
“Good,” Winston said.
“Maybe not so good,” Rackenfauz said. “It’s a very complex matter.”
“Oh?”
Rackenfauz pointed toward Winston’s damaged limb. Winston had been so taken up with the conversation that he’d scarcely remembered his injury. But now the melancholy awareness of it returned full bore. He shifted awkwardly on his crutch.
“Let’s tackle the simpler problems first, shall we?” Rackenfauz said. “Your missing leg, for instance. Have an accident, young fellow?”
“No thanks, doctor,” Winston said, “I already had one.”
“We did bring a replacement part,” Star said.
She indicated the late Edward’s leg propped against a wall like a rolled umbrella. 
“Oh, I see,” Rackenfauz said.
He disentangled himself from Iridium and walked over to the limb. He studied it closely, then moved back to Winston and examined his stump. 
“That’s a good, clean break, young fellow,” he said. 
“I gave it my best effort,” Winston said.
“Yes ...” Rackenfauz hefted the spare leg. “This should make a good replacement, if you don’t mind a few teeth marks, that is. And the color coordination is way off.”
“Great!” Winston practically shouted. 
Birds rustled in the dark ceiling region.
“No problem with the color,” Winston added. “It’s perfect. I always like a touch of red, isn’t that right, Star?”
“Of course!” Star was nearly as overjoyed as Winston.
“Let’s get to my workshop, then,” Rackenfauz said. “We’ll take the express route.”
He produced a 30-centimeter long tube from under his lab coat and spoke into one end of it. Bird sounds emitted from the other end.
“Tweet! Chi-chirpa!” 
Rackenfauz lowered the tube. “They have their own language,” he said. “More of an avian Morse code, actually. I designed this translator in my spare time.”
Birds began stirring in the rafters, soon a large group descended. They seized Rackenfauz, Winston, and the leg and carried them toward the windows.
“Hey, me too!” Star cried.
“Very well, young lady,” Rackenfauz said. “I’ll send them back up for you.”
Winston and Rackenfauz disappeared through the window. 
“See you soon!” Star called after them.
She turned to Iridium and patted him on the head.
“What about you, Iri – are you coming down to the shop, too?”
“No, I’ll just stay here and keep an eye on our friend.” Iri gestured toward the head. “Besides, if Papa wanted me to fly, he’d have given me a jet engine.”
A few minutes later, the birds returned. Half of them assembled around Star and began to hoist her off the floor.
“Have a nice trip,” Iri said.
“Bye-ee!” Star waggled her fingers. 
She dropped out of the window with her bird escort. Iri hunkered down, resting his chin on his crossed paws and looking very much the big puppy dog. From across the chamber, the head glared back at him.
“Just you and me now, pal,” Iri said. “And a few gazillion birds.”


49: Overhaul
“Wheee!” Star cried.
The trip to Dr. Rackenfauz’s workroom was an abrupt and scary drop to one of the castle’s lower wings. But Star enjoyed the sensation after so much time cooped up in the awful tower chamber. Wind whipped through her hair and cooled her temperature sensors. Her skin bristled with pleasure. 
Winston was going to be repaired! And maybe a lot more, as well. Huge ideas churned in Star’s mind, and a romantic new future beckoned from beyond the mountain peaks. 
Dr. Rackenfauz must really know his stuff. Anyone who’d designed Iridium had to be truly brilliant – far beyond that nasty bunch of mech heads she’d encountered during her activation. Now, if only ...
The birds set her down inside the workshop then departed en masse back through the window. Star adjusted her clothing and smoothed her hair as she took in her new surroundings. 
The place was very neat and well laid out, quite a contrast to Rackenfauz’s rather disheveled personal appearance. Star’s confidence ratcheted up even further. Winston was lying upon the operating table while Rackenfauz stood at a workbench across the room prepping the salvaged limb.
“Make yourself at home, young lady,” Rackenfauz said.
“Thank you, Professor,” Star said.
“Star!” Winston began to sit up.
“You just relax, young fellow,” Rackenfauz said. “I’ll be with you in a jiffy.”
Winston settled back down. Star walked over to him and stroked the back of his head affectionately.
“Thanks for coming, Star,” Winston said, “I’m a bit nervous, as you can imagine.”
“Don’t worry,” Star replied, “everything will be fine.”
Winston looked toward Rackenfauz. “Will you have to deactivate me for the procedure, Doc?”
“No, that isn’t necessary,” Rackenfauz said.
Star flicked the deactivation switch at the base of Winston’s cranium. He blinked out instantly.
“Oh, yes it is,” she said.
Rackenfauz’s eyebrows shot up. “Young lady, what are you doing?”
Star moved swiftly across the room and took both of Rackenfauz’s hands into her own. An urgent, pleading expression covered her face.
“Doctor, I need your help,” she pleaded.
“Yes, what is it?”
“It’s ... well ... as you know, I was made for love.”
“Sorry, young lady, I can’t help you there.” Rackenfauz withdrew his hands. “I’m gay, you know.”
“I meant Winston. Can you make him functional, doctor?”
Understanding dawned in Rackenfauz’s eyes. He glanced toward the comatose figure on the operating table. 
“Oh, I see,” he said “You must be feeling very frustrated, eh?”
“That’s putting it mildly, sir.”
Rackenfauz shook his head. “I’d like to help you, but such a project is way outside my skill set.”
Star’s world darkened. “Isn’t there anything you can do?”
“Are you kidding?” Rackenfauz said. “All that nerve ending circuitry and emotion programming – the myriad lust routines? I wouldn’t know where to begin.”
He gestured around the room. “And I didn’t bring any components from Mech City that could be of use to such a project.”
“Ohhh.” Star covered her face with her hands.
“Try not to let it get you down, young lady,” Rackenfauz said. “Maybe you can take up knitting or something.”
“Why was I made the way I am?” Star moaned. “Who did this to me?”
“Oh, that was Dr. Jerry Che,” Rackenfauz said. “Real helluva guy! He had some rather kinky tastes, though, if you ask me.”
“Che would be pleased,” Star murmured.
“That’s right,” Rackenfauz said. “You were the culmination of his life’s work. Did you know there’s a whole syndrome named after him, too?”
“And he’s dead now with all the others, isn’t he?” Star said.
“Very likely.” Rackenfauz shrugged. “Anyway, he had to go back to the West Coast Robotics Center before you were activated. We lost touch.”
A glimmer of hope flickered up in Star’s breast.
“Hold on,” she said, “isn’t that where you sent the vaccines?”
“Yes.”
“Then maybe Dr. Che survived, too?” 
“Perhaps,” Rackenfauz said, “if he used the vaccines. If they ever got there, that is.”
Star’s eyes flashed. Dr. Rackenfauz stroked his stubbly chin, the same reflective gesture that Winston used so often.
“Getting back to your issue,” he said, “the actual physical apparatus is not much of a problem. I constructed some a while ago when I was bored.”
“Really?” Star’s voice had shot up a full octave.
“Yes, it’s around here somewhere.”
Rackenfauz rifled through a cabinet, found nothing, examined another cabinet.
“Ah, here we go!”
He held up an amply proportioned set of male genitalia. Star gulped, she gripped the workbench for support.
“Not bad, eh?” Rackenfauz said. “I modeled it on Michelangelo’s David.”
He pushed a remote control button, and the penis sprang erect. 
“Oh!” Star gasped.
Her eyes bugged out, and her mouth dropped open. A lascivious, almost feral expression contorted her face.
“It meets your approval, then?” Rackenfauz examined his handiwork proudly. “Yes, it could be real hot stuff.”
He deflated the penis. Star suddenly wilted, too. 
“Maybe I have too much free time, eh?” Rackenfauz said. “Getting a little boingy in the head.”
 “No, no! It’s a wonderful start, Doctor.” Star grabbed Rackenfauz’s arm. “Can you install it?”
Rackenfauz turned thoughtful again. He studied the genitalia, looked over at Winston, examined the apparatus again. He rubbed his stubbly chin. Then he unhitched Winston’s crotch cover and examined the groin compartment’s dimensions.
Star’s fingers curled into attack position. Come on, come on, say “yes” before I rip you apart!
“Yes, it could be done,” Rackenfauz finally said. “It wouldn’t take any particular skill.”
Star sagged with relief.
“But the apparatus wouldn’t be functional – except in a purely mechanistic fashion, as you’ve seen,” Rackenfauz said. “You’d need a specialist to do the required programming and nerve end hook ups – install a full epidermis, as you have.”
“Somebody like Jerry Che?” Star asked.
“Precisely,” Rackenfauz said, “he’d have it up and at your service in nothing flat, so to speak.”
“Can I keep the ... apparatus, Doctor?” Star asked.
“I suppose so, if you want.” 
She groped for the genitalia, but Rackenfauz jerked it away and held up a finger. 
“You may have it under one condition,” he said.
“What?” Star practically shouted.
“Get rid of that damned head for me, and the birds, too,” Rackenfauz said. “I’m sick to death of them all.”
“Sure thing,” Star said.
***
An hour and a half later, Winston was up strolling the room on his new leg. It was an excellent fit – the same length as his old one, although a bit larger in diameter. Dr. Rackenfauz looked on with professional satisfaction.
“How does it feel, young fellow?” he asked.
“Wonderful!” Winston said. “Thank you so much, Doctor.”
“Always a pleasure to be of service,” Rackenfauz said with theatrical modesty. “It's stronger than the original, so I upgraded your other leg to match.
Winston pointed to a leather bag hanging from Star’s shoulder. “What’s that, Star?”
“Don’t concern yourself about this, honey.” She patted the bag. “It’s just a little something to file away for future reference.”
“Are you ready to go back now, young fellow?” Rackenfauz said. “I think the sooner you get to work on the head transfer the better.”
Winston straightened himself to his full height and braced his weight equally on his two legs. 
“Certainly I am. Lead on!”


50: Diplomacy Time
Rackenfauz stepped to the window and shouted into his translator. Soon a mass of birds was heading down toward them from the tower apex.
“Those birds are very useful, aren’t they?” Winston said.
“Yes,” Rackenfauz said, “but they’ve become a great annoyance to me.” 
“How so?” Star asked.
“They’re always getting in my way and taking things much too literally,” Rackenfauz said. 
“Subtlety is not their strong point, then?” Winston asked.
“That’s right,” Rackenfauz said. “I once joked that I needed a second head to keep up with my work, so they went and got me one!”
He yowled sarcastically.
“‘Take it back,’ I said, but by that time they were worshipping the damn thing. They ensconced it upstairs like some half assed emperor.” 
Winston and Star traded astonished glances. With so many revelations coming thick and fast, they hadn’t even thought to inquire as to why Ajax’s head had been brought to this strange location.
“At least it’s kept the birds out of my hair for the most part.” Rackenfauz stroked his bald pate. “They demand far too much attention. They’re like those obnoxious dogs that can’t bear to be away from their master.”
The escort birds arrived and began wafting them up toward the tower summit. Compared to the earlier dive bomber descent, this ride was almost sedate.
 “Is that why Iri is so aloof?” Star asked. “He’s always taking off on his own.”
“Right, I programmed his personality that way myself,” Rackenfauz said. “I can’t stand a clingy animal, especially a robotic one.” 
Winston looked up toward the tower. “I just hope they cling to us a bit longer.”
“At first I was happy when they transferred their allegiance away from me,” Rackenfauz said, “but things have really gone south since the head’s turned boingy. It’s getting worse all the time.”
Their escort birds dropped them gently through the tower windows and retreated up into their ceiling roost. Rackenfauz brushed off his shabby lab coat. Away from his workshop power base, he once again resembled an eccentric old bunko artist.
Iri looked Winston over. “Hey, nice work, Papa!” 
“Thank you, Iridium.” Rackenfauz waggled his fingers. “It was fun to dust off the old mechanical repair skills again.”
The head suddenly began talking in a sonorous voice: “To be or not to be ...” 
All the attached heads swiveled its direction.
“It’s been saying things like that ever since you left,” Iri commented.
“Yes, yes,” Rackenfauz said. “Those birds let it read some of my books, big mistake.”
“Ka Blippity Blip!” the head cried.
“Ach!” Rackenfauz said. “It’s going loco, too long away from its host.”
“What will happen when we reunite the head with the rest of Ajax?” Winston said.
“It should recover okay,” Rackenfauz said, “provided Ajax’s supplemental brain unit is still functioning properly. The meld could take a little while, though.”
“Good,” Winston said.
“Then again, maybe it’s in permanent fruit cake mode,” Rackenfauz said. “Who knows? The way established theory has been turned upside down, you can expect anything these days.”
“Oh, dear,” Star said.
Rackenfauz handed Winston the translator tube. “Better get started, young fellow. You must persuade the birds to transport the head back to Mech City for you.”
“You mean, we can’t just take it with us?” Winston asked.
“Oh, no, it’s all a package deal,” Rackenfauz said. “Those birds would never leave the cabeza out of their sight for an instant.”
Winston took the translator cautiously, as if he were handling a mech snake. The atmosphere turned suddenly dark and grim. The elation he’d experienced from his makeover retreated behind a wall of anxiety.
“Good luck,” Rackenfauz said. “I think you’re going to need it.”
“What happens if Winston can’t persuade them?” Star asked.
Rackenfauz grinned. “Let me just put it this way, it’s a mighty long drop without a parachute.”
Winston and Star recoiled, even Iridium lost his usual aplomb. Dr. Rackenfauz seemed positively cheerful, however. Winston moved to a window and looked out to the flagstones far below. He cast an apprehensive glimpse at Star.
“You don’t have to do it,” she said. “We could just keep going – on to the West Coast.”
A glorious vision entered Winston’s mind: himself walking into the sunset hand in hand with Star. To hell with Mech City and this stupid quest! 
“Don’t forget your promise, young lady,” Rackenfauz said. “You want to retain that little package, don’t you?”
“Yes, but – ” Star said.
Winston thudded back from his happy fantasy.
“The Professor’s right, Star,” he said. “I must go through with this, come what may. Everyone in Mech City is counting on us, whether they know it or not.”
“That’s the stuff,” Rackenfauz said. “Now, talk loud and slow into that device, young fellow. Give them the old razz-ma-tazz.”  
Winston adjusted his medals so that the impressive Minister of Cultural Development graphic shone to maximum effect. He brought the translator to his lips and spoke in the most authoritative voice he could muster: 
“Hail winged guardians of the Great Headship!”
A babble of chirps and squeaks came out the other end of the device. Up in the rafters, mech birds began to move. Others streamed in through the windows. Winston resumed speaking.
“I bring greetings from the lawful Mech City government.”
Suddenly, a great mass of birds dropped from the ceiling, like a black phantom, and joined the others coming in from the outside. They all slithered together with a dry, rustling noise. A mini whirlwind spun across the chamber, forcing Winston back.
Soon a dark human-shaped figure loomed high above him, its head obscured in the shadows of the cavernous ceiling. Winston gaped up at it with horror. He knew the birds had this capability, but that scarcely lessened the shock.
“Don't ask me how they do that,” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “I sure didn't design them that way.”
A series of powerful chirps issued from the ghastly composite being. 
“W-what’s it ... I mean, what’re they saying, Doctor?” Winston asked.
“They say get on with it before they lose patience,” Rackenfauz said.
“That’s right, get on with it already!” the head echoed.
Winston returned the translator to his lips.
“Uh ...” He searched his scholar’s vocabulary for the most subtle and discreet words. “It is plain to see that the Great Headship is going off his rocker ... so to speak.”
The creature leaned down ominously. An angry scowl disfigured its dark face. Winston cringed.
“Be careful how you refer to His Headship!” Rackenfauz said. “The birds are pretty touchy on that subject.”
The dark creature was moving now, drifting like a ghost, forcing Winston back toward a window.
“Stop that!” Star shouted.
She tried to rush to Winston’s side, but Rackenfauz restrained her.
“I wouldn’t do that, young lady.”
Winston was almost out the window now.
“I-I meant no disrespect!” he cried. “His Headship is very ill. We can cure him.”
The dark figure stopped its advance. It returned slowly upright and took a more thoughtful pose – at least it seemed to be listening rather than preparing lethal violence. Winston sidled away from the window.
“You must help us convey the Great Headship back to Mech City where he can be reunited with his host,” he said. “Then he will regain his great wisdom and lead us all into a bright new future.”
Rackenfauz applauded. “Bravo! Well put, young fellow.”
But the bird figure seemed unimpressed. It stood with its hands on hips, tapping one foot on the carpet. It obviously wasn’t accepting Winston’s explanation as the full story.
“Bloopa doopa!” the head cried. 
Not even the bird creature paid any attention to it.
I’d better tell them downside, Winston thought. They’re not going to like it if they find out on their own.
“Evil forces in Mech City control the Great Headship’s host body,” Winston said, “and ... we will have to fight them.”
He lowered the translator in trembling hands. 
Okay, here comes the big express trip to the courtyard.
Instead of attacking him, though, the bird creature began to dissolve amid a babble of flutters and chirps.
“What now, Doctor?” Star asked.
“They must debate the issue,” Rackenfauz said.
The birds reformed into two smaller humanoid figures. They faced each other and chirped earnestly, waving their arms around for emphasis. Winston returned to his own group.
“What are they saying, doc?” he asked.
“The one on the left wants to try your plan,” Rackenfauz said. “The other wants to chuck you out the window immediately.”
“Oh, man!” Winston groaned.
Star grasped Winston’s arm. “They’ll have to throw both of us out.”
Iri stepped forward. “Make that a trio.”
“Nice touch,” Rackenfauz said. “The birds like theatrics.”
Rackenfauz’s civilized veneer seemed to be cracking under pressure, allowing a darker, nihilistic personality to leer out. Winston and Star backed away from him a step, even Iridium looked doubtful.
The argument between the two bird figures became more heated. Auditory unit splitting chirps and shrieks echoed off the walls. The creatures looked ready to come to blows. 
Everyone looked on tensely. Rackenfauz lost his good cheer, and alarm started creeping into his eyes. Star nestled close to Winston.
“Oh, Winston, even if it ends here, I love you so much.”
Then the bird figures broke up with a startling Poof!
“Ah!” everyone cried.
The birds reformed into a single towering unit. It held out one hand in a thumbs-up gesture.
“Congratulations, young fellow,” Rackenfauz said. “You’ve won!”
“Thank heaven.” Winston sagged against Star. The translator slipped from his grasp and tumbled noiselessly onto the carpet.
But then the bird creature became threatening again. It pointed a finger at Winston and chirped forcefully. 
“What’s it saying now?” Winston asked.
Rackenfauz patted him jovially on the back. “It says that if your plan don’t work, you’re one deep fried robot!”


51: Preparations
The dark creature collapsed into its thousands of component parts. The chamber seemed much less dreadful now, as if a demon had been exorcized from it.
A cloud of Mech birds gathered up the head reverently on its velvet cushion and bore it through a window in a long, ceremonial procession. 
“Tally-Ho!” the head shouted. “We’re off to see the Wizard!”
The whole chamber was devoid of birds now. A blessed vacuum replaced their chirping, smothering presence.
“At last they’re gone!” Winston said.
“Yeah, and good riddance to that loony cabeza,” Iri said.
“Where are they going with it?” Star asked.
“They’re taking the damn thing to my workshop for an overhaul,” Rackenfauz said. “I’ll recharge the power unit and fix the connectors so you can reattach it with minimum fuss.”
“We really appreciate this,” Winston said.
“Ach, don’t mention it,” Rackenfauz said.
“What will you do next, Professor?” Star asked. “Are you going to stay here?”
“Naw, I’m sick of this place,” Rackenfauz said. “Think I’ll check out the West Coast and see if anybody’s still around at the Robotics Development Center. How’s the air in the lowlands, by the way?”
“We do not possess atmospheric analyzers,” Winston said, “but from all observations, the air quality seems to be improving. There is less haze, and the cloud cover dissipates now and then.”
“Good,” Rackenfauz said, “perhaps this old world’s got more oomph than anybody thought. Anyway, if things are too bad out there, I can always come back. I’ll leave the workshop stuff here.”
“Traveling is dangerous, Papa,” Iri said. “Maybe you shouldn’t risk it.”
“Don’t you worry about me, Iridium.” Rackenfauz whipped out a little submachine gun from under his coat. “I’ll be packing plenty of heavy iron.”
The robots all stepped back. Rackenfauz cocked the gun and moved to a window. A wild look had taken over his usually benign face.
“Watch this, folks.” 
He pointed the barrel outside, then: Blamity! Blam! Blam! Blam! Blam! Blam!
“Yaa Hooo!” Rackenfauz howled. “King of the universe!”
Blamity! Blam! Blam ...
Bright shell casings littered the carpet, gunpowder scent scorched the air. The robots shrank away, covering their auditory sensors with their hands / paws.
The explosions mercifully stopped, and the last reports echoed off the walls.
“Doggone it!” Rackenfauz said.
He leaned out the window. 
“There was a real bird flying around out there, and I shot it down accidentally.”
“How unfortunate,” Star said.
Rackenfauz shrugged. “Oh well, that’s just the way it is with us humans.” 
He held up the weapon triumphantly. 
“See, Iridium? This little honey is guaranteed to terminate any conversation in my favor. And there’s more where she came from.”
Winston looked upon the gun with deep admiration. 
“Wow! If we had a few of those we could take out Fascista and all his storm troopers.”
Rackenfauz shook his head. “I think not, young fellow.”
He handed over the SMG. For a moment, it felt right and powerful in Winston’s grasp. Then tremendous heat seemed to radiate from it. Winston began to shake uncontrollably.
“Ah!”
The gun tumbled from his hands and hit the floor butt first. 
Ka-Pow! 
Everyone dove for cover as the bullet ricocheted off the stone walls. Then the room was silent except for the soft chuckling of Dr. Rackenfauz.
Winston peeked up from the carpet. “Okay, Professor, I get your point.”
Rackenfauz was the first one up. He retrieved the gun and cradled it in his arms like a human baby. The others got back to their feet but maintained a wary distance.
“All robots are hard-wired against using firearms,” Rackenfauz said. “If you’d held on just a few more seconds, your programming would have permanently scrambled.”
“How interesting,” Winston said.
“Yes,” Rackenfauz said, “we design safeguards against our creations, then we exterminate our own selves. Go figure!”
He cackled derisively, uncontrollably, a noise almost as irritating as the gun blasts. The robots exchanged confused looks. Winston stepped protectively in front of Star.
“Please calm down, Papa!” Iridium cried.
Rackenfauz finally stopped laughing. He wiped away tears on his coat sleeve, then he turned philosophical. 
“You know, it’s amazing how the end of the world influences your thinking,” he said.
“My observations, exactly,” Winston said.
“When there were billions of people on this Earth, I often wondered what it would be like if they all vanished,” Rackenfauz said. “I rather enjoyed the idea, but now ... well, I’ve changed my point of view. I want to find survivors, if there are any.” 
He patted Iri’s head affectionately. 
“That’s why I created Iridium – he’s strong, self-reliant, able to blend in anywhere, and not bothered by what people think of him. The way I wanted to be myself.”
“You wouldn’t consider coming with us back to Mech City, would you?” Winston asked.
“Absolutely not!” Rackenfauz said. “There’s nothing for me there anymore.”
“Oh, I see,”  Winston said.
His fantasy of Dr. Rackenfauz blasting through Fascista and his minions vanished as quickly as it had arisen. Star quickly changed the subject. 
“If Dr. Jerry Che is still alive on the West Coast,” she said, “will you be working with him?”
“Oh, yes,” Rackenfauz said. “We always got along famously. I’m just sorry he didn’t get a permanent transfer to Mech City, back in the old days. Of course, the scenery is much nicer on the west coast.”
“What was this ‘Che Syndrome’ he discovered?” Star asked.
“He didn’t discover it,” Rackenfauz said. “It was named after him by the late Dr. Giroux.”
“Would it have something to do with the psychological instability of robotic life forms who have lost their purpose for existence?” Winston asked.
“Precisely,” Rackenfauz said. “Giroux named it that because he detected similar tendencies in Dr. Che. It was a combination of acute perception and professional jealousy, I think.” 
A frown darkened Star’s face. “Dr. Che was unstable?”
Rackenfauz shrugged. “I don’t know if you could put it that way exactly, but Jerry always was something of a loose cannon. Helluva smart guy, though.”
He kissed the submachine gun and tucked it back under his coat. 
“Well, I’d better get busy. All of you come by the workshop for a tune up. I’ll give you an installation kit for the head, too.”
“Sure thing,” Winston said. 
Rackenfauz made for the door, which was now unobstructed.
“You’ll have to hoof it,” he said. “Take the stairs down to the banquet hall, then turn right.”
“Thanks for everything, Doctor,” Star said.
“All in a day’s work, young lady.”
Rackenfauz left the chamber and clattered down the stairs.
“Ah, Papa,” Iri said with deep reverence. “There’s nobody else like him.”
Star smiled and patted the little bag hanging from her shoulder. “That’s for damn sure!”
Winston flexed his repaired limb. “Boy, this feels great.”
“All it needs is a paint job and some filler for those teeth marks,” Star said, “then you’ll be good as new.”
“No, I’ll keep the teeth marks,” Winston said, “to remind me of my illustrious friend.”
He patted Iridium’s head. Despite himself, the great canine was highly flattered. 
Wow, Iridium thought, this guy has a good brand of BS!
Suddenly, Winston jumped straight up a surprising distance. 
“I feel like a grasshopper!” he cried.
“I knew Papa would fix things up good,” Iri said.
Star stroked Iridium in his favorite location under his chin and brought her lips close to one ear.
“Could I have some time alone with Winston?” she whispered.
“Sure thing,” Iri said, “see you at the workshop.”
He scampered out the door and down the stairway.
“What’s this about?” Winston asked.
“It’s about ...” Star slipped the leather bag off her shoulder and opened it. “the next stage in your evolution.”
Winston gazed into the bag at the perfectly formed male genitalia contained within.
“Oh my!” 
He stumbled back a step.
“Dr. Rackenfauz made this,” Star said hurriedly, as if she feared Winston might run away. 
“I-I see,” Winston uttered through his shock. 
“Jerry Che can install it – make you functional,” Star said. “He’s the one who made me the way I am.”
 “Uh ... w-well ... ”
Winston simply could not grasp the situation in literal terms. 

In his mind, he was suddenly ten thousand kilometers away, standing high on a naked mountain ridge with the sharp wind swirling all around. Through the ice fog, he glimpsed Star in the distance waving to him. 
She was in a bright land of wonder that Winston couldn’t possibly understand in his current state of development. All he knew was that, more than anything else in the world, he wanted to join her there – be joined to her in every sense of the word.

“Oh Winston, let’s go to the West Coast with Dr. Rackenfauz.” Star’s voice seemed distant and ethereal, beckoning like a siren song.
Yes, yes!
“If Jerry Che survived, even if it’s only a slight chance, let’s take it,” Star pleaded.
Winston stretched out his arms toward the Wonderland. He felt himself rising in ecstasy, hurtling toward ultimate fulfillment – 
Then, with a total, heart wrenching effort of will, he forced himself down from his mountain peak. An almost unbearable sadness descended with him. 
He shook his head. “No, Star. We must go back to Mech City.” 
The words exhausted him more than a full day of walking could have dome. Star lowered her gaze. 
“If we don’t get there within a couple of weeks, they’ll tear Ajax apart,” Winston said. “I gave him my word.”
Star did not reply.
“All the imprisoned robots hate me as a Fascist traitor,” Winston said. “They have plenty of reason to think that way, too.” 
Still no reply. Winston groped for the clinching argument. 
“Be honest, Star. Would you, deep down, respect me if I left them to their fate?”
“I knew you’d say that.” Star’s voice was faint, halting. “I know you’re right.”
Winston took her in his arms. “Once this is over, once we’ve beaten Fascista, we’ll take that trip to the West Coast.”
She gazed up at him with a hopeful, though unbelieving, expression. “Oh, Winston, do you promise?”
“I promise – absolutely.”
But Star’s face did not brighten at these words.
“Don’t look so glum,” Winston said. “We’re going to win. Have I ever lied to you?”
“No,” Star said.
And he wasn’t lying now. But both of them understood the long odds they faced.
***
A few hours of expert maintenance in the workshop had restored the robots to optimum condition. Dr. Rackenfauz set aside his tools and raised his magnification goggles.
“Is everyone all set now?” he asked.
Winston, Star, and Iri flexed their reconditioned bodies. They all nodded. 
“Yes, sir,” Winston said, “we all seem to be in perfect working order.”
“That reminds me of a joke,” Rackenfauz said. “This lady asks a Scotsman: ‘Is anything worn under your kilt?’ and the Scotsman replies: ‘No ma’am, I can assure you everything is in perfect working order.’”
Rackenfauz chortled, but the robots merely stared at him.
“A Scotsman was an inhabitant of the northern British Isles, right?” Winston asked.
“Oh, just forget it,” Rackenfauz said. “I wouldn’t expect a Hungarian to understand.”
“You are referring to my last name?” Winston said. “How does that present a barrier?”
Rackenfauz gave up trying to banter with the literal-minded robot. He pointed to a sack on the work bench. 
“There’s the head installation kit and some spare power cells for you,” he said.
Winston hefted the sack onto his shoulder.
“The birds will be ready to go with you tomorrow morning,” Rackenfauz said, “along with our friend over there.”
He gestured toward a shelf where Ajax’s head reposed on its ornate cushion.
“Where can we stay tonight?” Star asked.
“Pick any rooms you want,” Rackenfauz said, “you’ve got the run of the whole place.”
“I’d prefer to leave now,” Winston said. “We can meet up with the birds on the road.”
“Not a good idea,” Iri said. “There could be more scrappers out there, and they might be smarter than the last bunch.”
“Iridium’s right,” Rackenfauz said. “You’ll be a lot safer with the birds guarding you.”
“Well ...” Winston said.
He’d grown to hate the castle and yearned to escape its confines, even if that meant spending an extra night outside. He’d assumed that the others would agree with him.
“Oh, let’s stay, Winston,” Star said. “We’ve hardly seen anything of the castle. It’s so romantic.”
Romantic? Winston would have never applied the term to this outlandish place. But if Star, with her elevated sensibilities, thought so ...
“Okay,” Winston said.
“Great!” Star took Winston’s arm. “Shall we take a look around?”
They left the workshop and toured the castle, retracing the route Dr. Rackenfauz had taken some months earlier. When Star saw the former quarters of the Big Kahuna, she immediately chose them for their night’s lodging. 
Throughout the tour, Iri lagged behind, completely uninterested. But when they reached the iron door blocking the basement entrance, his fur bristled.
“What’s wrong?” Star asked.
Iri sniffed at the bottom of the door and scratched his claws around the edges. 
“I don’t know,” Iri said. “It just doesn’t feel right, somehow.”
“This whole place is screwy,” Winston said. “Let’s call it a day.”


Part Five: The Counter Coup

52: Clearing Out
Early next morning, the robots bid Dr. Rackenfauz a cordial good-bye and cleared out of Pickle Lake Castle. They could have waited for the birds to transport them to the trailhead, but no one wanted to endure another vertiginous flight. 
So, while the mech birds made their preparations, Winston, Star, and Iri began their descent on foot to the main road. Their route took them down the steep castle slope and around the shores of Pickle Lake. 
Everywhere the signs of recovering biological life were evident. Fish moved about the lake shallows nipping at insects hovering over the surface. On the shore, tiny rodents dodged among the stones and flowering plants. A snake slithered past. An occasional non-mechanical bird fluttered overhead.
“I love this!” Star cried. “It’s like the old days, isn’t it?”
Winston laughed at the notion of “the old days” which had only vanished quite recently. 
“Yes, Star, it was just like this, back in the old days.”
Winston was in an exuberant mood, bounding along on his refurbished legs, kicking pebbles before him. For the first time since he’d left home, the world blazed with promise. Star gamboled after him down the pathway. Then she pulled ahead, and her sensuous figure added to the vista.
Only Iridium remained unmoved. “Be careful what you wish for, folks,” he muttered.
As he brought up the rear of the descent, the great canine frequently glanced back at the castle. He had the queasy sensation that the building, or something within it, was watching them – not Papa or the mech birds, but something else cold and malignant. 
I’m just spooked by that basement door. Maybe I should have tried to break through.
Iridium didn’t like such mysteries. He was a creature of independent action, and the forced confinement of the past few days had been highly stressful. So, it only made sense that he’d developed some warped perceptions, he reasoned. The Castle disappeared from view, and Iri shoved his paranoid notions out of his consciousness.
***
They reached the edge of the tree line. The larger trees were mostly dead, but new saplings were popping up everywhere. As they moved downhill through the forest, patches of green constantly interrupted the brown monotony. These living plants had the vigorous aspect of pioneers, not the fading countenance of life in retreat.
Then they were fully within the dead zone. Bare, towering trunks of slain trees hemmed them in now, and a rank carpet of needles slowed their pace. The atmosphere turned sullen, and acrid undertones polluted the air.
“Welcome back,” Star said. 
Her face had turned as grim as the surroundings. Winston wrapped an arm over her shoulder. 
“Cheer up, Star. At least now we know that something better exists.”
“Of course, Winston. I’ll try to remember that.”
He perused his library banks for some topic that could brighten her mood – something related to the West Coast trip she so fervently desired. He found it among his language dictionaries.
“I should have thought of this before,” he said. “Che must be a Korean name – although Jerry certainly is not. Once we find him, we’ll have to ask him about that.”  
Star answered with a pallid smile. 
I guess that didn’t work too well.
Winston’s own contemplations began to turn gloomy, and he gave voice to an idea that had been rattling around his brain for some time:
“You know, Star, a common theme running through human literature is ...”
He paused, reflecting on the redundancy of the term “human literature.” What other kind of literature was there? 
The Manifesto of Roboto Fascism, of course. It may have drawn inspiration from the worst sludge ever written by human beings, but it had a distinct robotic flavor as well. It was the first literary product of the new world culture. 
Ugh!
Fascista Ultimo suddenly assumed a terrible reality, as if he were walking with them through the dead woodland. Winston could almost feel the heavy arm draped over his shoulders, could almost hear the wheedling voice ...
“What theme were you talking about?” Star asked. 
“Uh, yeah.” Winston struggled to reorient his thoughts. “Numerous stories in human literature relate how parents victimized their children by dumping their negative emotions upon them.”
“What negative emotions?” Star asked.
“Well, their feelings of frustration and failure – their hatred for other people and their sense of inadequacy.”
Star nodded.
“They did this even when they loved their offspring,” Winston said, “as if they were forced by some terrible compulsion. These acts of selfishness caused untold harm to their kids.”
“And we’re the kids, now, right?” Star said.
“Yeah, something like that.”
***
They came to the end of the trail and descended the steps to the paved road. Dr. Rackenfauz’s truck stood nearby with the doors to its trailer gaping open. A bird crew was hauling some cargo down to the vehicle.
“Which way now?” Star asked.
A small group of birds detached itself from the workers and began flying down the road.
“We should follow them, I suppose,” Winston said. 
“Lead on, my hero,” Star said.
Oh, please, Iri thought.
The birds led them for several kilometers down the road and then back along the main highway. The abandoned scrapper vehicle came into view, beyond it lay their scooters and gear.
Winston waved to their escort. “Thanks guys! We can take it from here.”
The birds did not fly away, however. They merely perched themselves atop the scrapper vehicle and waited.
“Guess they don’t want to lose track of us,” Iri said.
“I see what Dr. Rackenfauz meant,” Winston said, “they like to stay close.”
“I think you boys are being much too hard on them,” Star said.
She stroked the birds’ heads and was rewarded with affectionate coos and chirps.
“See? They just want a little appreciation,” she said.
“They almost appreciated me right out the window,” Winston said.
“I wouldn’t say that too loudly,” Iri cautioned.
Winston stepped into the ditch where Edward had tumbled. The scrapper leader’s head was a bashed-in mess, and the body had broken apart. The limbs might be salvageable, though.
“Well, Edward, you came to a rather sticky end,” Winston said, “but your loss is my gain. Only fair, right?”
He proceeded to gather up the limb components. The left arm was still attached to the torso and required some tedious work with the tool kit Dr. Rackenfauz had provided. Iri looked on skeptically. 
“Planning a makeover?” he said.
Winston glanced up from his work. “How come you’re always so cynical?”
Iri shrugged. “Papa designed me that way, I suppose. I’m still in one piece, so it must work for me.”
“Well, you never know when I might require these components,” Winston said. “I’d be a fool to leave them behind.”
“Whatever.” 
Winston threw down his wrench. “It’s easy for you to talk, Iridium. If you ever need replacement parts, we can just scrap out a mech wolf.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah.” Winston jabbed a finger at the great canine. “So far you’ve been lucky, but if you’re ever injured, you’ll need your friends. Remember that.”
Iridium glowered. The damn guy’s right, and that makes it worse!
But before the dispute could develop further, Star cried out: “They’re here!” 
In the sky, a dark mass of birds was moving toward them with stately grace. In the vanguard flew the illustrious head of Warrior Ajax nestled in a billow of purple fabric.


53: The Long Road Back
They made rapid progress toward Mech City. 
Except for Star’s prized leather bag, the birds carried all the gear, but they still managed to set a rigorous pace that Winston and Star could barely match. The situation improved, somewhat, when they obtained fresh scooters at a Cycho World outlet to replace their battered old machines. 
Iri scouted ahead, keeping mostly to his own counsels as Dr. Rackenfauz had programmed him. 
The dead, hushed landscape offered a grim contrast to the regenerating mountains. The only sounds, besides the rolling of scooter wheels, were the eerie howls of dust devils and the petulant outbursts of Ajax’s cabeza flying overhead like some demented angel.
Winston’s upgraded legs gave him the power to outpace Star, at least in flat or uphill areas, but he preferred traveling side by side with her through the endless hours along the broad, deserted highways. On downhill stretches, she zoomed out front, and he could enjoy watching her graceful figure negotiate the curves. Increasingly, human male type thoughts arose in Winston’s mind.
I’d like to negotiate her curves.
At night, they lapsed into a few blessed hours of inactive mode, only to resume the trek at dawn. The pace was exhausting, but compared to the dangerous outbound journey, the return to Mech City went very smoothly. 
A scrapper gang spotted them on the third day, but a combined attack from Iri and the birds wiped it out. A mech bug assault was quickly defeated by the birds, and the ruined bridge outside Vicente Towne proved to be no obstacle at all. The birds simply transported their earthbound allies directly over the gap.
The rigorous pace discouraged conversation, but Winston occasionally waxed philosophical.
“I wonder if there are functioning robot communities anywhere else,” he said at one point.
“That doesn’t seem very likely,” Star said, “unless you count the scrapper gangs. And you saw how things turned out in Vicente Towne. Maybe out on the West Coast things are different ...”
She let the thought trail off.
“We need to find other survivors,” Winston said, “once we’ve reestablished order in Mech City. We ought to send out scouting parties, get the old short wave radios going again, build new communities.”
“That sounds wonderful, Winston,” Star said.
She allowed him to chatter on, as it could do no harm. Out here, under the protection of the birds and with Iridium scouting the road ahead, it was easy to speak of grand stratagems – of what they’d do once they captured Mech City. Out here, Fascista Ultimo and his minions seemed to be scarcely any threat at all.
But her thoughts all flowed in the opposite direction – toward the West Coast and Dr. Jerry Che, to the little bag slung around her shoulder which she’d refused to let the birds transport.
“Just imagine,” Winston was saying, “this whole area turned green again, with new trees and flowers – like in the mountains. There must be some way we can expedite that.”
“I hope all our plans work out,” Star said.
***
Then, on the morning of the ninth day: 
“Look,” Winston cried, “we made it!”
Mech City squatted in all its shabby glory, just a few kilometers away from their hilltop position. The same hilltop from which Winston had first glimpsed the town so many weeks ago. 
The mech birds began to descend, and Iridium trotted back from his forward position.
“Congratulations, pal,” Iri said. “Looks like things are working out.”
“That’s right, Iridium,” Winston said, “and I couldn’t have done it without you.”
Again, the flattery worked. Iri felt a burst of pride and satisfaction, but it didn’t last long. 
This guy’s a natural made politician, Iridium thought. I’d better keep an eye on him – he could be a lot more dangerous than he looks.
“Oh, Winston!” Star cried. “Are we really going to win?”
“Yes, I truly believe so.” Winton slipped an arm around her waist. “And I couldn’t have done it without you, either, Star.”
They embraced, Star smothered his face with kisses. Iri’s thoughts turned sour.
Oh man, I’ve got to get away from this Mutual Admiration society!
Winston released Star from his arms, but still retained one of her hands. 
“We’ve got almost a week until Ajax’s execution date,” he said. “Let’s finalize our strategy.”
“Okay, shoot,” Iridium said.
“Here’s how I see it,” Winston said. “There are no bars on Ajax’s windows at the REX. He promised not to jump, and nobody doubts his word, not even Fascista. So, under cover of darkness, the birds can haul him down so that we can reattach his head.”
“Then what?” Iri asked.
“At the same time, we’ll go after Fascista Ultimo at his temporary ‘palace’ two kilometers from the REX. There are forty five mech wolves all together ... ”
“Make that forty three,” Iridium interrupted.
“Uh, yeah,” Winston said. “There’s a lot of them, but they’re spread all around – at the REX, the RDI, and on patrol. Fascista keeps a half dozen as a personal body guard.”
“We can handle six,” Iridium said, “provided the birds help us out.”
“But will the birds help us?” Star asked. “They seem to have a mind of their own.”
“I’m certain they will,” Winston said. “Besides, they wouldn’t be fighting for us but for Ajax.”
“Good thinking, Winston,” Star said.
“The key is to get Fascista’s wrist radio,” Winston said. “He uses it to control the mech wolves over an encrypted frequency. If we can get it away from him, then we will control the wolves. Without them, Fascista can count only on Clawfurt and the mech brats.”
“And that giant drone,” Star added.
“He’s too dumb to be much of a problem,” Winston said. “Back in human times, guys like him generally dug ditches or were elected to political office.”
“This all sounds great,” Iri said, “but don’t count your chickens before they’re manufactured. I’d better scout the town first.”
The mech birds came to earth and deposited their precious cargo on its cushion. 
“What’s going on?” Ajax’s head demanded. “I’m feeling a bit down.”
All the birds, except for a few airborne scouts, formed themselves into a large heap surrounding Ajax’s head. 
“To be or not to be,” the head exclaimed, “ask the man who drives one!”
Iri positioned himself to begin his dash.
“Bye-ee,” Star said. “Good luck, sweetheart!”
Iri took off at a blazing run, his coat forming a rainbow blur down the road. Hand in hand, Winston and Star watched him go.
“He’s one damn good fellow,” Winston said.
“Ooo, I love it when you talk like that,” Star said.


54: Ultimo’s Ultimatum
Keeping a reverent distance, the troop of robots followed Fascista Ultimo up the REX main staircase: Clawfurt, Comrade Drone, six mech wolf Squadristi. The lowly repair bots, Jack and Quincy, brought up the rear lugging a sack between them. 
Ordinarily, Fascista did not deign to take the stairs, but today he wanted to lead a procession, and the elevator car would have cramped his style. 
They gained the penthouse floor. The three mech wolves on guard duty snapped to attention. With a subtle movement, Fascista pressed a button on his wrist transmitter.
“At ease!” he commanded.
The mech wolves receded down the corridor and Clawfurt, sporting a glittery Order of the High Jailer medallion, advanced to Ajax’s cell door. He unlocked it, then moved aside so that Fascista could enter first. 
Ajax turned from his window to observe the intruders.
“Hello, Ajax!” Fascista boomed. “Today’s the big day.”
Ajax glanced at his wall calendar. 
“Already?” he said. “But I thought – ”
“Tut, tut.” Fascista waved a dismissive hand. “No need to stand on technicalities, Ajay. Let’s just swear you into your new office and be done with it.”
“But – ” Ajax said.
“See, I’ve brought your new Party Secretary medallion,” Fascista said.
Comrade Drone presented a small box, and Fascista withdrew a gold medallion suspended from a vibrant red ribbon. The front of the medal depicted a ghastly human skull with a dagger clenched in its teeth. 
The words “El Superfascista” ran along the top, and “I Can Be Ruthless” curved around the bottom. 
Fascista turned the medal around. The back depicted a smiling skull with a long-stemmed rose in its teeth. The words: “I Can Be a Sweetie to My Friends” bordered the appalling image.
“Do you like it, Ajay?” Fascista asked. “I designed it myself, you know. I think it covers the two characteristics needed for the party secretary job.”
“It is quite ... innovative,” Ajax said.
Fascista held up the award by its colorful ribbon, everyone snapped to attention. 
“Party Comrade Ajax,” he intoned, “By the authority vested in me by myself, I hereby appoint you the ...” 
He lowered the medallion. 
“Well, silly me, you’ve got nothing to hang this around.”
“Yes, that is something of a disadvantage,” Ajax said.
Fascista snapped his fingers. “Get in here, metal men! Install the new cabeza.”
Jack and Quincy bowed their way into the room under the contemptuous glares of Fascista and Clawfurt.
“Hi, Ajax,” Quincy said.
“That’s Commandante Ajax to your sort!” Fascista snapped.
Quincy flinched, Jack glided in front of him. 
“Don’t sweat it, Commandante,” Jack said, “we’ll fix you up in no time.”
He withdrew the dummy head from the bag. Its vacuous eyes stared out from its perfectly chiseled Greek god face, a sunray sparkled in the blue glass.
Jack fluffed the hair. “This’ll make you look quite the gentleman, Commandante.”
“But  F.U.,” Ajax said, “with all respect, I have yet to give you my formal acceptance.”
“Oh, very well,” Fascista said. “Let’s have it, then. I suppose we should observe all the formalities.”
Ajax stood at ramrod attention. Fascista also assumed a formal pose, looking upon the warrior robot with benign confidence, awaiting a positive, obsequious reply. 
Instead, Ajax pronounced: “I would rather be recycled than serve your evil purposes, Great Leader.”
“What?” Fascista gasped. 
He stumbled back. Instantly, he was no longer the all-powerful leader, but crotchety old Nilo – a wormy, insignificant creature that others could dismiss with contempt. Every humiliation he’d ever suffered flashed through his turbulent brain.
“Let me rephrase that, if you do not understand,” Ajax said. “Screw you, F.U.!”
“Right on, Ajax!” Quincy and Jack whisper cheered.
Fascista’s expression blurred from astonishment, to fear, to murderous rage.
“Very well, my high-minded friend,” he blustered. “Soon you’ll be nothing more than a pile of metal shavings!”
He stalked out of the apartment, drawing the retinue in his wake like sludge swirling down a drain. Clawfurt slammed and locked the door behind them. 
Alone now, Ajax turned contemplative. If he’d had a chin, he would have stroked it. 
“Now that guy has a way with words,” he said.
Outside in the corridor, the floor shook with Fascista’s angry stomping as he made for the elevator. Bits of plaster flaked from the walls and ceiling. Then Fascista abruptly spun around to face his entourage.
“Give me that damn thing, metal man!” he said.
Jack crept forward and offered up the cabeza with trembling hands. Fascista snatched it and flung it hard against the metal frame of the elevator. The head exploded, sending a thunderclap throughout the REX. On all the floors, prisoners cringed within their cells.
“Now, get out of my sight!” Fascista shrieked.
Jack and Quincy ran down the stairs, trailed by their mech wolf escort, and fled back to the Institute.
***
“Oh man,” Quincy said, “This is the end for poor Ajax!”
“At least he’s got his head on straight – in a manner of speaking,” Jack said.
“Yeah, not like our old pal, Winston.”
“I wish it was his cranium exploding back there,” Quincy said.
***
Fascista stalked into his office at his temporary “palace” in the old city library. Edwina and Fritz were there with Albert, their metal man servant. Everyone snapped to rigid attention.
“Make preparation!” Fascista shouted. “This is execution day for the race traitor, Ajax.”
Fritz and Edwina glanced at each other quizzically.
“But Ultimo,” Fritz said, “wasn’t it scheduled for next week?”
Fascista slammed his swagger stick onto the desk. “Do you question my order?”
“Of course not, Ultimo,” Fritz said.
Fascista leaned in on Fritz. “What is the first law of Roboto Fascism?”
“Fascista Ultimo is always right!” Fritz shouted.
“Correct. And the second law?”
“Fascista Ultimo is never wrong!” Edwina cried.
F.U.’s fury abated. He slipped back into his benign, avuncular mode. 
“Excellent!” He smacked his hands together. “Now we’re getting somewhere.” 
“We are yours to command!” The youth leaders cried in unison.
Fritz and Edwina shot out their arms in the party salute. Clawfurt joined in with his great claw arm – even the mech wolves raised their paws.
Screw you all! Albert thought.
“Assemble the metal men to witness the execution,” Fascista said. 
“It shall be done as ordered, Great Leader,” Clawfurt rasped.
“And have their tools at hand,” Fascista said, “We begin the construction work immediately after sentence is carried out.”
He glanced around the office contemptuously. 
“It’s high time we got out of this dump and into a new party headquarters.”
“Hail Ultimo!” the flunkies cried.
Everyone cleared out hastily. Fascista sat behind his desk and studied the wall calendar. A date farther down the page was circled in red, with the notation: 
“Ajax – swear in or shut down.”
“What do you know? The kid was right!”
He smiled sheepishly and held up his hands. 
“Ah well, one day is as good as another for a rendezvous with the cruncher, isn’t it?”
***
An hour later, mech wolf Squadristi herded the captives into the large open area by the bomb crater. Over a hundred metal men stood rank and file before a large wooden platform upon which a speaker’s podium and a stout post had been erected. A wide aisle separated the captives into two equal wings. 
Piles of tools lay off to the side – picks, shovels, sledge hammers – waiting to be put in service of the great building plan. Near the tool piles stood a bigger than life sized statue of Fascista Ultimo. Clawfurt had chain sawed its general form out of a dead tree trunk, Quincy and Jack had put on the finishing touches. The end result was a towering monstrosity that did full justice to its subject.
Quincy had depicted Fascista’s shriveled pin head with ruthless exactitude. The massive peaked cap sitting upon it added a final touch of hilarity – not that anyone dared to laugh. A bronze plaque at the base of the stature bore the inscription: 
BELIEVE! OBEY! FIGHT!
The clattering strains of the Youth March sounded from the back of the plaza. The Youth League members, dressed in their crisp brown uniforms, marched down the aisle with jack boots stomping, drums beating, and banner flying. Fritz and Edwina led the procession decked out in their medals and sashes. Humble little Albert trailed behind with the blaring boom box on his shoulder.
The young Fascists turned a sharp right face and took up position in front of the speaker’s podium. The infernal pounding of their drums ceased abruptly. A minute of tense silence blanketed the world.
Then Fascista Ultimo entered the square resplendent in a new brown uniform, expertly tailored to show off his bulging physique. Medals adorned his chest along with a magnificent sash. The red fabric sliced across his body like a great wound. A towering military cap completed his décor.
“Hail Ultimo!” The Youth League members cried in unison.
“Hail!” Fascista replied.
The drums thundered back to life. March of the Great Revolutionary Leader vomited from the Boom Box.
Fascista Ultimo strutted down the aisle with his arm upraised in acknowledgment of his minions. Squadristi escorted him to the platform and flanked the stairs as he ascended them majestically. He took his place behind the podium, looking out at the crowd over his jutting chin.
After another dramatic pause, Fascista gestured toward the back of the square. Ajax then appeared, flanked by Comrade Drone and Clawfurt, who was wielding a chainsaw in his normal hand. The drums pounded a grim cadence. Albert switched the boom box to a funeral dirge.
Oh man, Albert thought, I’d rather be dismembered myself than see this!
Ajax’s hands were tied behind his back, but he walked proud and erect toward the scaffold, as if he were going to a coronation instead of an execution. As he passed the metal men, they offered him encouragement, despite the threatening growls of their captors.
“Bravo Ajax ... be brave ... you’re the best ...”
***
Iridium had seen enough. He detached himself from concealment and charged out of town.


55: The Best Laid Plans
Winston stood upon the hillside gazing out toward Mech City nestled in its valley and bracketed by its lakes. The town was only a few kilometers off, its outlines obscured somewhat by haze, but the look in Winston’s eyes pierced beyond it to the infinite and eternal. 
Confidence flowed through his circuits. Iridium the Swift, his loyal and capable minion, was on the job now and success was only a question of time – once the unpleasant matter of a battle was disposed of. But his stratagem would certainly minimize the fuss, and they had plenty of time to put it into effect.
If only he could quell this disagreeable sense of foreboding that hovered around him like a swarm of mech bugs. He shifted his position and placed his hands on his hips, as Ultimo was wont to do. 
There, that’s better.
He felt himself to be the latest in a series of heroic leaders – Alexander the Great, Napoleon, Jimmy Carter. Or perhaps Winston Churchill, who shared his name and who had also struck down a Fascist tyrant. 
These others had been mere humans, though, and now it was the Robotic Era. A time for new and better heroes. 
We need a historian to chronicle these events and make sure that proper credit is given where it’s due, he thought. Guess I’ll have to take care of that function myself.
Star approached. “What are you thinking, Winston?”
He turned toward her, rotating slowly so as to give an extended view of his best profile.
“I’m thinking that victory will be ours,” he said.
“Oh, Winston!” She took his arm. “It’s hard to believe that we’ve come this far.”
“Yes,” he replied, “things have gone pretty well, haven’t they?”
“Better than I dared to dream.” Star kissed his cheek. “Without you I’d be ruined. I’d be Fascista’s concubine, and who knows what perverted desires he has?”
They both peered off into the distance now and crafted their visions for the glorious future. Winston saw a gleaming metropolis ahead filled with grateful followers. Star envisioned a broad highway running through Mech City, then turning abruptly and heading off toward the West Coast. Then – 
“What’s that?” Star said.
Winston strained his optical sensors. “Why, I believe it’s Iridium.”
They watched as Iri tore down the road toward them. He was moving even faster than when he’d chased down the scrapper vehicle. 
“My, he sure can run,” Star said.
“Yes ...” 
Winston was feeling very uneasy. Napoleon started fading into the background, and the imaginary mech bug swarm grew thicker. Iri charged up the hill and came to an abrupt halt before them.
“Ah, Iridium,” Winston said, “We were just – ”
“They’re getting ready to chop Ajax!” Iri cried. “In the square by the bomb crater.”
“W-what did you say?” The last of Winston’s confidence vanished like a puff of smoke.
“You heard. We gotta move, now!” Iridium shouted.
He charged the bird heap, howling like a fire alarm and gesturing toward Mech City. The birds exploded aloft in a massive cloud, taking Ajax’s head with them.
Iri turned back toward Winston. “Let’s go all ready!”
Winston struggled out of his shocked inertia. Moving automatically, as if in Zombie mode, he assembled his weapon and grabbed the tool bag.
“Remain here, Star,” he ordered.
She was already on her scooter, though, with her club secured to the handlebar.
“Fat chance of that,” she said.
Iri was gone. Winston and Star followed on their scooters, moving so fast downhill that the birds fell rapidly behind.
***
From his lofty position at the podium, Fascista Ultimo looked about the square with deep satisfaction. Everything was arrayed perfectly: Clawfurt stood beside him, chainsaw in hand, representing the brute force necessary to maintain the Fascist state. The Youth League members formed an honor guard before him, representing the future of the movement. 
The metal man slaves stood quiet and obedient in their ranks, the labor required to construct the monuments of the New Order. Squadristi wolves guarded them, ready to crush the first sign of rebellion.
And lastly, the race traitor Ajax stood tied to a post on the far end of the platform, dramatic proof of the fate reserved for all opponents of the Roboto Fascist regime. Yes, everything was in perfect working order. And Fascista Ultimo himself stood at the head like a mighty force of nature – one will commanding all.
“Hail, my loyal followers!” he bellowed.
“Hail!” Clawfurt and the Youth League members shouted back: “Fascista leads, we obey!”
The Squadristi wolves howled agreement. Comrade Drone, who was standing by the pile of tools, was too dumb to say anything, of course, but his reassuring bulk added solidity to the occasion.
“We gather here to dispense justice.” Fascista gestured toward Ajax. “And after we have dispatched this race traitor, it will be time for work!”
He looked out over the captives.
“As metal men, hard labor is your destiny,” he said. “Work is useful. Work makes freedom – blah ba-blah blah blah!”
***
Iridium the Swift approached the traffic circle on the western edge of town. His speed amazed him, but he had no time to reflect upon it. He simply charged ahead in a blur of flawless coordination. 
Papa built me strong!
His claws beat an urgent message on the pavement: Get there! Get there! Get there!
***
Fascista addressed his remarks to the Youth League now, working himself up into a histrionic frenzy of shouts and flailing arms. Clawfurt rolled aside to avoid getting smacked.
“This is only the beginning!” Fascista roared. “Greatness, honor, strength! We can be happy in the knowledge that the future belongs wholly to us!”
His followers bleated approval.
“Blah ba-blah blah!” Fascista cried. “And furthermore ...”
***
Winston gained the traffic circle, scootering at unprecedented speed. The tool bag nearly unbalanced him as he whipped around the curve, a thrust from his powerful new leg kept him steady. The ground was level now, but he maintained the furious pace he’d set on the downhill slope.
With her superior coordination, Star closed the distance with Winston in the traffic circle until she was only a few meters behind him. She chanced a glimpse over her shoulder. The mech birds had fallen back quite a distance.
“Hurry up!” she shouted at them. “This is no tea party!”
***
Fascista Ultimo completed his oration with a thundering flourish: “And in conclusion, let me just say to all my loyal followers blah ba-blah blah blah!”
A profound hush blanketed the square. Elation glowed on every acolyte’s face, stunned horror disfigured every metal man’s countenance. Then the Youth League broke the silence:
“Hail Ultimo!” they cried. “Fascista leads, we obey!”
A chorus of mech wolf howls accompanied the tribute. Clawfurt’s bellowing shook the earth. Fascista regarded his loyal followers with a happy, benign little smile. He held up his hands, and silence instantly returned. Then, as if he were announcing the start of a birthday party game, he said: 
“Let the good times roll!”
Clawfurt rumbled into action, wheeling slowly across the platform toward Ajax. Fascista observed his progress with an eager leer, triumphant hatred flashed in his eyes. The Youth League members all swiveled their heads up like a single machine. Their drums throbbed an expectant rhythm. 
“Play The Execution Song, metal man,” Fritz ordered Albert.
Albert only lowered his head. No amount of coercion could compel him to play the ghastly anthem.
“I’ll deal with you later,” Fritz snarled.
Rrrrrrr! Clawfurt fired up his chainsaw. 
A horrified gasp issued from the metal man captives. Clawfurt looked back toward his master.
“Execute sentence, Comrade,” Fascista said.
Clawfurt was at the stake now, his chain saw roaring like some primeval beast. The magnificent warrior robot steeled himself for the end.
Be brave, Ajax, it’s time to meet the Great Technician in the Sky!
The chainsaw made contact with his chest, sparks flew in a diabolical shower.


56: The Posse Arrives
Iridium burst into the square like a thunderbolt and rushed straight for the platform. Half way there, he rocked back on his haunches thrusting his forelegs upward. Every hair of his glittering coat bristled.
“Stop!” he commanded.
The throng of metal men turned toward him, astonishment etched on their faces. The mech wolves cowered at the sight of their alpha male. The chainsaw faded to idle, leaving a long, superficial gouge on Ajax’s torso. Clawfurt swiveled away from his victim and fixed lifeless eyes on the interloper. 
“Hail Iridium,” Ajax shouted, “hero of many colors!”
“Wha-ooooo!” 
Iri’s howl echoed off the adjacent buildings like the announcement of judgment day. He charged the platform. 
“Desist, Bandit!” Fascista cried.
He ducked behind the podium, but the attacker was not coming for him. It made straight for Clawfurt in a chromatic blur streaking across the plaza. Sparks flew where its claws struck the paving stones. 
Iridium leaped, jaws snapping – but his enemy proved faster. 
Thunk!
Clawfurt thrust out his immense talon and snatched Iri by the throat in midair. He proceeded to shake the big canine violently and slam him against the platform edge. 
Crash! Bam!
The platform shook from the terrible blows until it seemed ready to collapse. Fascista clung desperately to the podium which was bolted to the floor boards. His great military cap fell off his head.
Rattle! Gag! Choke!
Iri fought with every milligram of his waning strength, but could not break Clawfurt’s grip. His eyes bulged, his tongue flopped out.
Then, with a contemptuous motion as he if were discarding a sack of garbage, Clawfurt flung the great canine down. Iridium bounced off the pavement with a resounding thud, then came to rest in a splayed heap near the platform. 
He lay paralyzed, his coat faded to gray. A horrified gasp shot through the prisoners. 
“Ugh ...” Iri groaned. “I’m one wrecked puppy dog.” 
“Hurrah!” cheered the Youth League members.
They’d concealed themselves behind the platform but had now remerged bravely into view. The mech wolves remained silent, trying to comprehend the situation with their dull minds. 
Winston gained the square now, followed closely by Star Power. 
“Iri!” they cried in agonized unison.
They ran across the square and halted before their stricken friend. The mech wolves were still too immobilized with confusion to stop them.
“Oh, no,” Winston sagged against Star like a puppet with its strings cut.
“Poor Iri!” Tears welled up in Star’s eyes.
“Good to see you two again,” Iri moaned. “Pardon me for not standing up.”
“Ohhh, you poor dear.” Star stroked the great canine’s head. Her tears were flowing freely now.
The mech wolves were recovering their senses. A troop of the beasts closed in on them, cutting off any possibility of escape.
“Better not try to resist,” Iri said, “you don’t have a chance.”
Winston and Star dropped their weapons. The clatter of metal against stone seemed as loud as gunfire amid the deathly quiet of the plaza. Then – 
“Boss!” Jimmy’s voice emerged from the crowd. “I knew you’d come back!”
Winston turned to see his old friend waving his arms frantically from the midst of the captive ranks. 
“Hello, Jimmy!” He returned the wave.
“Boss!” Sam was calling out now, then other captives took up the shout.
“The Boss is here!”
Despite the awful circumstances, Winston’s spirits lifted. He wanted to approach his foremen and the other members of his work crew. He wanted to wrap his arms around them and bask in their approval. But threatening growls from the mech wolves froze him in place. 
Fascista Ultimo nudged his head out from behind the podium and glanced about, wide-eyed.
“Is everything all right?” he squeaked.
“The situation is back under control, Ultimo,” Clawfurt intoned.
A triumphant smile inched across Fascista’s face. He stood and brushed himself off with his beefy hands – though he was careful to remain behind the lectern’s protection. 
“Excellent work, party comrade,” he said. “There’s a medal for you in this.”
Clawfurt made a stiff bow. “Many thanks, Great Leader. Shall I resume the execution?”
Fascista emerged from behind the podium now and adjusted his rumpled party uniform, paying particular attention to the splendid red sash. His dominating air returned. 
“In a minute, party comrade,” he said. “I wish to deal with these other traitors first.”
Fascista retrieved his cap from the floor. Unfortunately he’d stepped on it while getting up and the thing was squashed flat as a pancake. He tossed it aside and jumped off the platform making the ground shake from the impact of his landing.
He strode toward the rebels like some wrathful ogre. Fritz and Edwina detached themselves from the Youth League rank and followed him. 
Winston and Star clung to each other.
“This is it,” Winston whispered. “I hope our allies don’t let us down.”
Fascista stood before them now, hands rolled into fists and jammed imperiously against his flanks.
“Well, well,” he said, “wasn’t that little interruption amusing?” 
“Not to anyone decent,” Star shot back. “And didn’t you look silly hiding up there like a mech bunny?”
F.U.’s face darkened. “Why ... I’ll ...”
Rage and humiliation choked him. He turned his attention toward Winston, who shrank under the curdling scowl.
“Thought you could get away with being a race traitor, huh?” Fascista said. “And after everything I’ve done for you. Ingrate!”
For a moment, Winston was too scared to reply, but he soon regained some composure. Star’s defiance, plus the spectacle of Fascista’s cowardice behind the podium gave him the courage to lash out. 
“Which race is that, Dear Leader,” he said, “the race to the bottom?”
Fascista recoiled at this double-barreled rebuke. He was so furious that his vision started to turn black. Or was it actually getting darker out here? 
“There is room on the scaffold for these traitors, Ultimo,” Fritz said. “I would be honored to escort them there.”
“Yeah, right,” Fascista said. “Clawfurt would soon knock the sass out of them.” 
“Treason must be stamped out ruthlessly!” Edwina cried.
Fascista turned back toward Star. She looked brazenly into his eyes.
“How dare you refuse to be my Ultimina,” he said. “Any other female bot would kill for the honor.”
“Oh, that was no problem at all, ugly boy.” Star glanced upward. “And, unless I’m mistaken, you’re about to get your clockwork cleaned.”
Fascista’s wrath blared out in a single command. “Seize them!” 
Fritz grasped Winston’s arm. Mech wolves crowded in.
“Not so fast, Frankenstein,” Star said. “This party is about to get crashed.”
“Huh?” Fascista jerked his head skywards.
Terror stamped its imprint on his wizened face. The plaza was darkening rapidly as thousands of mech birds swirled above it like a tornado from hell. 
Fascista and his minions spoke in a unified voice: “Ahhhhh!”


57: Mayhem
“Get out of my way!” Fascista howled.
He made a frantic rush for the platform and dove beneath it head first. 
Ripppp! His sash tore off on the paving stones. 
Fritz and Edwina followed their leader’s inglorious retreat.
“Not so fast, punk!” Albert shouted.
He flung his boom box at Fritz’s head. It missed by bare centimeters, hit the ground, and shattered.
“Look what you made me do!” Albert said. “You’ll pay for that.”
All the Youth League members scrambled under the platform like a batch of terrified cockroaches, jettisoning their banner and drums without ceremony. 
Out in the plaza, the mech wolves abandoned their prisoners and gathered themselves into a tight pack so as to confront the onslaught coming from the air. Winston grabbed up Fascista’s crimson sash and waved it like a military ensign. 
“Come on men!” he shouted over the confusion. 
Jimmy took up the battle cry. “Get the weapons, boys!” 
The metal men surged toward the pile of tools, knocking over Comrade Drone by sheer weight of numbers. Jimmy’s troops snatched up picks, shovels, sledge hammers. In moments, they’d transformed themselves from beaten slaves into an armed company lusting for revenge.
Jimmy waved his sledgehammer at Comrade Drone. “Stay here, you pile of junk, or I’ll bash your stupid head in.”
***
“Where are Jack and Quincy?” Winston said.
“Over there, on the edge of the crowd.” Star said. “They don’t seem very eager to fight.”
Winston dropped to one knee beside Iridium. “Hang in there, okay? We’ll get you repaired as soon as we can.”
“Sure thing, pal.” Iri moved one foreleg a few millimeters, then gave up the effort. “I’ll just watch the fun from here.”
Winston and Star retrieved their weapons and dashed across the plaza to the repair bots.
“Here!” Winston thrust the tool bag into Quincy’s hands. “Go fix Ajax, his head’s coming air express.”
“Right-O.” Quincy looked greatly relieved to be avoiding combat duty. “Come on, Jack, we have a job to do.”
Jack threw down his shovel. “I’m your man!”
The plaza was now twilight dim under the chickadee cloud. Everyone poised in battle position. Winston gripped his spear so tightly that it seemed ready to break. Star stood beside him, her beautiful face hardened with determination.
Then the birds consolidated themselves into a towering column and dropped onto the mech wolves like a giant fist.
“That’s it, tear them up!” Winston cheered.
The Squadristi kept their phalanx together, biting and clawing hundreds of their attackers out of the air. Unearthly howls shattered the day. 
It seemed as if the mech wolves’ defenses would hold – but then the birds managed to grab four of them by their long coats and haul them skyward. The remaining wolves started to break ranks.
“Charge!” Jimmy yelled.
Before the Squadristi could reorganize themselves, the freedom fighters attacked them in two companies – one led by Jimmy, the other by Sam. Picks and shovels flashed, fangs ripped, the plaza became a maelstrom of destruction. 
An irrational fury seized Winston, overriding all his survival programming. He rushed to join the assault, but Star held him back. 
“Stay close to me,” she said. “It’s their fight now.”
High above the plaza, the birds released their captives. The four mech wolves hurtled downwards, legs flailing against thin air. Despite himself, Winston experienced a stab of empathy for the beasts, remembering his own narrow escape from a similar end. 
The wolves smashed against the pavement, bounced grotesquely, then lay still in broken heaps. The birds dove back down toward the enemy. Jimmy’s troops had shattered the mech wolf phalanx and a freewheeling battle now raged.
***
Quincy and Jack crouched by the platform stairs watching the combat swirl around them.
“And to think we used to complain about how dull things were,” Quincy said.
“I’d take some of that boredom right now,” Jack said.
Nearby, Albert reached under the platform and grabbed Fritz’s arm. “Get out here, you little creep!” 
“Nooo!” Fritz wailed.
He yanked his arm back and retreated farther under the platform.
“I’ll get you, punk!” Albert snarled.
He snatched the fallen Youth League staff and tore the banner from it – the sword & hands ensign fluttered away into the maelstrom like a crippled bat. He thrust the flag pole’s dagger point at the cowering young Fascists.
“I can’t stand this,” Jack said. “I’m a fixer, not a fighter.” 
“That’s what we’re supposed to be doing,” Quincy said.
He looked skyward for any sign of Ajax’s head. There it was, descending amid a company of birds!
“Come on, Jack, that’s our cue.” 
They charged up the stairs – right into the glowering presence of Clawfurt.
“Uh ... excuse us,” Quincy said, “we seem to have made a wrong turn.”
Clawfurt bared his teeth. A grinding, mechanical noise rumbled behind them. His great talon snapped open as he rolled toward the repair bots.
Quincy and Jack retreated toward the stairs. But then a squadron of birds dived onto Clawfurt. The monster flailed and roared loud enough to drown out the battle noise from the plaza below.
“Let’s go, Jack!” Quincy shouted.
The repair bots made it to Ajax just as the birds were setting the head down on its velvet cushion.
“What am I doing here?” the head demanded. “The fun’s all out there!”
“Hang on, Ajax,” Quincy said. “We’ll put you back together.”
“Bravo, worthy healers!” Ajax cried.
Jack fished a cutter out of the tool bag and severed the ropes binding Ajax. The warrior robot stepped away from his death stake.
“Ah, sweet freedom!” he cried.
***
Out on the plaza, the battle reached a furious crescendo. None of the fighters retreated a single millimeter, but stayed locked in combat until he, or the enemy fell. Only Comrade Drone remained standing off to the side, too dumb to choose a course of action without direct orders. 
***
Clawfurt shook off his avian attackers and rolled across the platform to the repair bots.
Rrrrrrr! The chainsaw added its voice to the chaos.
“Duck!” Jack cried.
Quincy dodged away an instant before the chainsaw could slice him in half. 
Clawfurt prepared another swing, but a dark mass of birds began pecking at his face. He thrashed at them with the chainsaw. Soon the planks were littered with Chickadee parts. 
Ajax slipped behind Clawfurt. “Here you go, comrade.”
He threw every milligram of his strength into a mighty kick against Clawfurt’s backside. 
“RAAAR!” 
Clawfurt tottered on the edge of the platform, wheeling his arms. The chainsaw described a vicious arc. 
Ajax delivered another powerful kick. Clawfurt tumbled off the platform and crashed to the pavement beside Iridium with such thunderous impact that the battle momentarily paused. His massive body broke in two; his chainsaw gouged into the paving stones, then fell silent.
Jack and Quincy peered down at the fallen monster. “Looks like he’s done for,” Jack said.
Ajax picked up a stricken mech bird. The creature cheeped piteously in his massive hand.
“Nobel chickadee,” Ajax said, “such a mighty heart in a tiny body. I believe that – ”
“Yeah, right.” Quincy lifted the head off its cushion. “Sit down, Ajax, so we can get at you.”
Cradling the injured bird in his hands, Ajax sat on the platform edge. His legs dangled above Clawfurt and Iridium. Clawfurt glowered up through his impotent rage while the great canine looked on with soaring hope. The repair bots started to work.
***
Winston and Star stood together, ready for any onslaught. It came in the form of a crazed mech wolf, thrashing and howling amid an attack squadron of birds. The wolf broke from its tormentors and charged Winston.
“Look out!” Star cried.
Winston thrust with his spear, but the wolf batted it aside. Then it leaped at Winston and knocked him onto his back. 
“Ugh – help!” Winston cried.
The weight and power of the creature was overwhelming. Winston pressed the spear shaft against its throat in a futile attempt to hold it back. Snapping fangs grazed his face. 
Whump!
Star clubbed the wolf’s skull. It scarcely seemed to notice.
She brought her club down again, two handed. The creature rolled away and retreated a few meters, shaking its head to clear its circuits. Winston scrambled back to his feet. 
“You okay, Winston?” 
“I think so.” He ran his hands over himself. “Man, I didn’t realize how strong those things are!”
The mech wolf prepared to charge again, but a swarm of birds descended upon it. Soon the brute was airborne on a final thrill ride. 
“Good riddance!” Winston cried.
He felt not a trace of empathy this time.
Around them, similar scenes were occurring. For all their bravery, the two-legged robots made poor opponents for the mech wolves, and only the timely intervention of birds prevented the battle from turning into a rout.
Star cut a vicious path through the air with her club. 
“Where’s Fascista, why doesn’t he come out here?” she said.
“Because he’s a lousy coward,” Winston said.
***
From his position sprawled under the platform, Fascista Ultimo watched the battle with growing alarm. Just when his Squadristi seemed about to prevail, the birds renewed their attacks and jeopardized the outcome once more. 
Those damned things must be Rackenfauz’s work! Who could have imagined that old gas bag inventing such lethal creatures? Of all the projects in the hidden workshops, Rackenfauz’s had seemed to be the most benign.
“Get them!” Fascista screamed heroically into his transmitter. “Fight harder!”
Elsewhere under the platform, Albert pressed his attack against Fritz with his spear. Edwina and the other Youth League members cowered nearby.
“Help us, Great Leader!” the junior Fascists whimpered.
Fascista ignored their entreaties. Chilling possibilities were slithering in his brain. What if his forces were defeated? What if that Winston traitor gained the day? Fascista glanced around desperately seeking an escape route. Where could he go – into the bomb crater? 
Then the floorboards above his head groaned under the weight of some mighty presence. Fascista rolled his optical sensors upwards and tried to peek through the gaps in the planks. 
Above him, Ajax stood confidently with his magnificent head restored. His already imposing bulk positively towered over events now. A coterie of mech birds fluttered about him in worshipful attendance. Quincy and Jack stood at his side, admiring their repair work. 
Ajax’s flashing red eyes looked out over the pandemonium. He extended his arms and boomed an irresistible command:
“Halt!”


58: Quit While You’re a Head
The fighting instantly stopped. Every head swiveled toward the commanding figure on the platform, every auditory sensor rang with his voice of authority. Even wrecked Iridium summoned up the strength to look in Ajax’s direction. Fascista squirmed deeper into hiding beneath the platform. 
Absolute quiet descended on the square. 
Winston perused the battle damage. Fourteen mech wolves were out of commission, but the freedom fighters had suffered far worse casualties. More than thirty of them lay in various stages of disability. Mech bird corpses lay scattered everywhere.
On the platform, Ajax curled his upraised hands into fists.
“I, Ajax, warrior hero, hereby assume my rightful place as mayor of Mech City!” 
No one dared to disagree.
“I order all wolves to stand down!” Ajax commanded. “All mech birds and two-legged robots cease fighting, immediately!”
The freedom fighters lowered their weapons. The birds took to the sky en masse. The wolves glanced sheepishly at each other, unwilling to disobey Ajax’s command despite their previous orders from Fascista. 
Looking out from his place of concealment, Fascista Ultimo viewed their hesitation with the utmost alarm. He uttered a directive into his transmitter, and the mech wolves retreated to the periphery of the square. 
This was not the right moment for fighting, Fascista reasoned. Besides, he was not at all certain that his minions would obey him if he ordered a renewed attack.
The birds descended to the platform beside Ajax and consolidated themselves into a humanoid figure. Their numbers had been much reduced, and the collective being they formed no longer towered as it once had.
Time seemed to freeze for a glorious moment – Ajax in total control, Quincy and Jack standing beside him with the bird creature, basking in his magnificence. The metal men all stood at attention, confident in their victory. Then –
“Zippity Doo Dah!” Ajax yelled.
Everyone gaped; the bird figure trembled. Winston felt the world begin to crash about him. A second, much less powerful, voice sounded from Ajax’s torso. 
“What the @#!% is going on?” it cried.
“He’s got a split personality!” Quincy said.
“We’d better split, too,” Jack said.
The repair bots crept inauspiciously from the platform. 
The auxiliary brain in Ajax’s torso attempted to reassert control: “As rightful leader of Mech City, I command ...”
“Oh, shut up, you old poop!” Ajax’s head screamed.
The bird figure disintegrated. Mech wolves howled with glee.
“I-I seem to have some technical difficulties ...” Ajax’s torso said.
Ajax’s head spun around 180 degrees, the eyes flashed bright red, then yellow, then red again. 
“Yippee!” it cried.
Ajax leaped from the platform, dispatching a shock wave through the pavement. He gyrated in the grip of violent convulsions, as if he’d invented some bizarre new dance. Then he started running backwards down the square. 
“My, isn’t this amusing?” Fascista guffawed.
Ajax’s torso strained to return to the podium, stretching its arms toward it desperately. But the head exerted its mad will, and led in the opposite direction. 
“Make me a sergeant, gimme the booze!” the head shouted. “Hey, there’s an elephant in my pajamas!”
A panicked cloud of mech birds followed Ajax’s jerky progress out of the square.
“I’ll be back ... as soon as I get my head on straight!” the torso cried.
“Or maybe not!” the head yelled.
Ajax vanished, along with all of the mech birds. The lunatic voice faded away. All of the freedom fighters stood frozen with shock. From the periphery, the mech wolves began to close in on them.


59: Final Solution
Fascista rediscovered his legendary heroism and slithered out from under the platform like a giant leech. Fritz and Edwina trailed after him while Albert withdrew to the background. 
The Great Leader stood up in his torn and wrinkled uniform, posturing dramatically as if his attire had been damaged in the thick of the fray. He placed his fists upon his hips, thrust out his chin, and triumphantly surveyed the carnage on the plaza.
“Well, well,” he said. “Everything is going according to plan.”
Fritz and Edwina exchanged astonished looks, but like good Fascists, they supported their leader’s absurd statement.
“That’s right!” Fritz said. “The reactionary forces have done exactly what our Great Leader, has predicted they would.” 
“Your wisdom is beyond all reckoning!” Edwina cried.
They both snapped out salutes. Fascista acknowledged them with an upraised hand and a superior little smile. The younger Youth League members crawled out from under the platform now, but they did not join in the accolades. They merely stood in the background looking like the frightened children they were.
Fritz strode toward them. “Get back in ranks!”
He tripped on a squashed drum and nearly fell over. A few of the braver rebels laughed, Albert smiled grimly from his hiding place. 
I’ll get you yet, punk!
Fritz gathered himself up and returned to Fascista’s side. Mech wolves began herding the freedom fighters into a tight pack. Stripped of their bird allies, the rebels dared not resist. Winston pushed Star toward the center of the group. 
“Get back there,” he ordered.
“No, I’m staying with you!”
But for once, he ignored her objections. “Keep her covered, men.” 
Winston took a station on the perimeter and pointed his spear at the encircling enemy in meager defiance. 
Doesn’t this suck the big one? He thought. I’ve gone two thousand kilometers just to get here.
Jimmy and Sam shouldered their way to the front and took positions on either side of Winston.
“We’re with you, Boss,” Jimmy said, “come what may.”
“It won’t be anything good, I’m afraid,” Winston said. 
“Ach!” Sam hefted his pick. “As long as we can stay with you, Boss, everything will be all right.”
Such loyalty! Winston almost burst with pride at hearing these brave words – but they did not, in any way, alleviate the desperate situation.
Fascista approached the rebels, swaggering boldly as if he’d commanded the battle from the front rank. He stopped before them – protected behind a row of mech wolves – and scrutinized the enemy with absolute contempt. 
Everyone expected him to order a renewed attack. Instead, the Great Leader proclaimed:
“Now that this little escapade is over, it’s time for work!” 
The rebels lowered their weapons and dropped their gaze. Agitated comments circulated among them:  
“He’s not gonna dismember us? ... We’d better do what he says ... I never wanted to fight in the first place ...”
Fascista pointed to Jack and Quincy. “You two – go repair Clawfurt. Immediately!”
“Yes, Fascista,” Quincy said. His voice was hollow and faint, as if it was coming from the bottom of a trash barrel.
“Then work on the canine wrecks,” Fascista said. “You’ll fix them all, or answer with your heads!”
“Why don’t you leave them alone?” Star said. “Anyone can see that many of the wrecks are beyond repair.”
She was taller than many of the other robots, and by standing on tiptoe she’d raised her face into full view.
Fascista glowered at her. “You, Estrella, will be my personal slave. No more Ultimina status for you.”
“Oh!” Star cried,
She bent her head, tears rolled down her cheeks. 
“It’s all my doing, Ultimo,” Winston said. “I forced her to join the rebellion. If you want a slave, take me.”
Fascista turned a quizzical look upon Winston.
“That’s not true,” Star uttered between her sobs. “Nobody made me do anything.”
Fascista’s expression turned hard again.
“The race traitor has a smooth tongue,” Fritz said, “beware, Great Leader.”
“Actually, I have no tongue at all,” Winston said, “and why don’t you go flap yours somewhere else?”
Fritz drew himself up. “We’ll see about that, turncoat!”
Fascista raised an authoritative hand. “Everybody calm down, immediately!” 
He turned toward Winston and spoke in a lower voice: “I’ll deal with you later, Winston. And to think I was going to make you a key minister in my government. This really hurts my feelings, you know.”
Fritz impaled Winston with an angry ‘I’ll get you later’ stare, but he said nothing more.
Fascista addressed the crowd. “You others – on to the construction site. You’ll have a hard day’s work, let me tell you!”
He jabbed a finger at Star. “You come with me, now, Estrella.” 
The mech wolves moved back, and the robots began to disperse. Some of them looked toward Star, shame-faced, others just turned their backs on her and slunk away.
“Hold on!” Star cried. “Will nobody defend a lady in distress?”
The robots hesitated, some turned around to face her.
“Maybe you are just inferior metal men,” Star said. “I’m ashamed of you.” 
Winston brandished his weapon. “She stood up for all of you when it counted, now it’s your turn. Show some guts!”
Jimmy took up the call next, raising a great sledge hammer over his head single handed. 
“Come on, boys, make a stand!” he yelled. “Or is it better to creep away as slaves?”
Winston and his two foremen stood together, bristling with defiance. A few others joined them, soon all the surviving rebels had arrayed themselves around Star.
“Sorry it came to this, guys,” Winston said. “I gave it my best shot.”
“Oh no, Boss,” Jimmy said. “I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else. I’m just sorry that I doubted you. Can you forgive me?”
“Of course,” Winston said.
“Thanks, Boss!”
Jimmy expanded with pride, and for a moment all seemed right with the world. 
Well ... there are worse ways to depart this existence. Winston thought. At least I got my friends back.
Fascista observed the scenario with complete disdain, arms crossed over his massive chest. He unfolded them long enough to give a round of mock applause.
“Bravo,” he said, “such heroic words. So, what’s next?”
He barked an order into his wrist communicator, and his Squadristi pressed in on the rebels from all sides. But the rebels’ defiance remained intact despite their obviously hopeless position – spurred on, as always, by that Winston Horvath traitor!
Fascista turned the situation over in his mind. Of course, he could order his mech wolves to finish off the insurgents, but then who would build the new Party Headquarters? You couldn’t mix cement with canine jaws. 
No, he had to separate the metal men from their leader, somehow – make a deal before everything unraveled. He approached Winston. 
“Come now, Winny,” he said over the dedicated leadership frequency, “what do you have in common with these walking dumpsters, eh?”
Winston did not reply.
“It’s not too late to come back,” Fascista said. “Of course you’ll have to do some time at the Reeducation Center, but that’s only to be expected.”
Winston lowered his weapon and hung his head. His allies watched with growing alarm.
“That’s it, Winny,” Fascista coaxed. “Just take your medicine like a true Humanite and come back to the New Order. You’re better than this riff raff.”
Winston dropped his spear. 
“Ohhh!” A collective wail shot through the rebels. 
Weapons clattered to the ground. Star looked on with horror from behind her melting wall of defenders. A wide grin creased Fascista’s face, and victory danced before his mind’s eye. Winston crouched low, as if in submission, then – 
Propelled by the power of his reconditioned legs, Winston leaped straight up and over the surrounding mech wolves. He engineered a somersault in mid air and drop-kicked Fascista.
“Oooof!”
Fascista tumbled backwards onto the paving stones. Then Winston was upon him, groping for the wrist communicator. 
“Gimme that, Frankenstein!” 
“No, it’s mine,” F.U. whimpered.
The mech wolves rushed to intervene.
“Get ‘em boys!” Jimmy shouted.
The rebels launched an attack on the mech wolves, diverting their attention from Winston and Fascista who were struggling furiously on the ground. 
Despite his vastly superior strength, Fascista was too stunned and disoriented to prevent Winston from snatching the transmitter off his wrist. A half dozen mech wolves disengaged themselves from the fight with Jimmy’s troops and closed in on Winston.
“Get him!” Fascista shrieked.
Snapping jaws pressed in from every direction. Winston leaped straight up, barely avoiding them, as the mech wolves collided against each other. Winston hit the ground rolling, barely ahead of the lethal jaws. The wolves drove him along like a soccer ball, the transmitter tumbled away.
With a last desperate lunge, Winston retrieved the transmitter and brought it to his mouth. 
“Stop fighting!” he commanded.
All the wolves froze in place. 
“Be nice!” Winston commanded.
The wolves began to wag their tales and roll about on the pavement stones like giant puppies. The whole square echoed with their playful yips. 
Several of them gathered around Star, tales wagging and ears laid back. She patted their heads affectionately.
“Well, isn’t this more like it?” she said.


60: Into the Sunset
Fascista Ultimo creaked back to his feet and beheld the horribly changed situation. His arrogant demeanor had fled, replaced by abject terror. His once fearsome Squadristi wolves were scampering off the plaza. They’d turned into a pack of cream puffs, not one of them would rally to his defense.
Everything happens to me! He though mournfully. Isn’t there any justice left in the world?
His dictator persona vanished from his mind, and he was little Nilo again, helpless and despised. He looked toward Comrade Drone.
That’s my old valet, isn’t it? Why doesn’t he come help me?
But the idiot robot just stood there beside the statue of Fascista Ultimo, as impassive as the wooden image towering over him. F.U. peered into a solid wall of angry faces.
“Well, well, my friends,” he said with a sheepish grin. “I’m so happy that we’ve straightened out this little misunderstanding.”
Winston retrieved his spear and advanced on Fascista, point first. “Is that what you call it, Dear Leader, just a little disagreement among friends?”
“W-well ... these things happen, don’t they?” Fascista said. “Nobody’s fault, really.”
Winston gestured to the surrounding carnage. “That doesn’t look very friendly to me.”
“W-why perhaps not.” Fascista backed away, holding up his hands in a conciliatory gesture. “I’m certain we can work things out ... make some changes that we can all believe in.”
“So, we’ll just have us a big tea party and make up, right?” Winston said.
Sam moved behind F.U. and dropped down to all fours.
“Okay, so maybe I went a bit too far,” Fascista said. “Anyone can make a mistake, r-right?”
He took another backward step.
“Ugh!”
He tumbled over Sam and fell sprawling on the paving stones. The crowd roared with laughter. 
“Way to go!” someone shouted. 
“Smooth move, big guy!” another mocked.
Fascista rose slowly to one knee, looking for a glimmer of mercy in the faces ringing him about. There wasn’t any.
“Heh, heh ... very funny joke,” he said. “Guess I deserved that, eh?”
Winston looked toward Jimmy. “Care to do the honors?”
“Yeah, Boss!”
Jimmy stepped forward and wound up with the sledge hammer, as if he was swinging a golf club. 
“Nooo!” Fascista wailed.
Thwonk! 
Fascista’s head flew clear off its shoulders and bounced a few meters away. The massive body crashed to the ground. The crowd roared savage approval.
They’re like a mob at the Roman Coliseum when the gladiators slaughtered each other. Winston thought with alarm.
But there was no time for such reflections now. Winston strode over to the severed head. It was still cognizant, even though its whole back side was knocked in. The horrid thing stared up at Winston, blinking its eyes.
“What happened?” It said. “I seem to have lost something.”
Winston felt a flash of pity. Then he looked over at Star, and memories of the terror Fascista had caused her flooded back. She gave a firm nod. 
“Do it, Winston,” she said.
He looked back down at the fallen enemy. 
“Adios,” he said, “and F.U., too!” 
He kicked the head. It lofted through the air, spewing a comet tail of wires and cables. 
“Hoo-eee!” it howled. “Top of the world, Ma!”
It bounced onto the steep slope of the bomb crater and rolled down into the pond.
Bra-fritz! 
A blast of energy exploded from the water as the brain fried out. Everyone stood silent and awed, scarcely able to believe their deliverance. Then the crowd went wild with joy.
“Hooray for Winston!” 
The crowd surged forward like a tidal wave and hoisted Winston upon its massed shoulders.
“Long live the Boss!” it roared. “Hooray!”
“Winston for mayor!” Jimmy called above the mayhem.
The entire mass took up the cry, turning it into a hypnotic chant: “Winston for Mayor – Winston for Mayor!”
Rapturous joy shot through Winston’s circuits like an addictive drug through a human body. He was no longer the ineffectual scholar or the bumbling incompetent in the rowboat, but a great hero at the center of vast events.
Is this really happening, could I have won against all the odds?
Albert strode past, dragging Edwina by her long braid and kicking Fritz in the ass. The smaller Youth League members scattered about them, crying. 
As they passed the crowd, infuriated hands tore at Fritz’s party uniform. The terrified boy scurried back to Albert’s tender mercies with the last shreds of the Roboto Fascist regime fluttering from his shoulders. 
***
Quincy and Jack loaded Iridium onto a makeshift stretcher. Nearby, Clawfurt growled at them, but could do nothing.
“Looks like you’ve had a bad day, Mr. Cruncher,” Jack said. “Couldn’t happen to a nicer guy.”
“Hang in there Iri,” Quincy said, “we’ll get you fixed up proper.”
“Thanks, guys,” Iridium groaned.
“Well, here’s one for the books,” Jack said, perusing Iridium’s massively damaged body. “His brain still seems functional, though.”
“That’s the main thing,” Quincy said. “The rest is just putting the jigsaw puzzle back together.”
“Yeah, some jigsaw puzzle ...”
The repair bots surveyed the battle ground with its heaps of broken machines and scattered components.
“Looks like we’re going to be very busy,” Quincy said.
***
The pressure of the crowd overwhelmed Winston. The last shreds of his objectivity blew away on their adoration. He held up his arms. 
“Okay, okay!” he cried.
Everyone instantly quieted down. Winston spoke into the silent void. 
“I’ll serve as your mayor,” he said.
The mob let out a savage roar, like some extinct African lion. 
A jolt of terror shot through Winston’s euphoria. The dreadful power of the mob rocked him to his core. Suddenly, he wasn’t so sure he could handle the great responsibility he’d so rashly assumed.
“But only until Ajax straightens himself out,” he added hastily.
The crowd scarcely noted this caveat as it turned its attention to Iridium. The noble canine was being carried past them by the repair bots. 
“Hooray for Iridium!” everyone cheered.
Winston got down from his admirers’ shoulders and raised a pronouncing finger.
“For my first official act as your mayor,” he said, “I appoint Iridium as Mech City’s new security chief.”
“Bravo!” the crowd cheered.
Winston held up his right hand and placed his left upon Iri’s shattered body – as if administering a sacred oath. 
“Iridium the Swift,” Winston intoned, “I hereby decree that, as soon as you are repaired, you shall take command of the reformed mech wolves so as to defend our borders. Do you accept?”
Iri managed a slight nod. “Yup.”
Winston leaned in close. “Are we even?” he whispered.
“Even Steverino ... for now,” Iri said.
The repair bots started carrying Iridium off toward the Institute.
“Help ‘em out, boys!” Jimmy commanded.
Two robots took over the stretcher from Jack and Quincy. Others formed an honor guard for the great canine.
During this time, Star had remained on the crowd fringes, letting Winston experience the adoration of the others. Now she dashed forward and leapt into his arms.
“My hero!”
She wrapped her legs around him and smothered his face with kisses. “I’m all yours. Take me!” 
Winston nearly burst with joy and pride, and with bewilderment at his spectacular achievement.
“What do I do next?” he whispered in Star’s ear.
She climbed down and took Winston’s hands.
“The answer to that is obvious,” she said. “As soon as Ajax recovers, you and I take another journey.”
“Where to?” Winston asked.
“Why, all the way of course,” Star said. “First to the West Coast – then right on to paradise!”
They stood together, hand in hand, gazing into a magnificent sunset. Actually, there would be no sunset for many hours, but in their hearts it blazed with glory.

THE END




Reading Group Guide

A Brief Conversation with the Characters
Brian: Hello everyone. I was hoping that we could have a little chat to clarify things for our fans who want to discuss this book in their reading groups.
Winston: We are at your service.
Iridium: You mean, people actually get together to discuss a book like this?
Brian: Yes.
Iridium: A lot of folks need to get a life. 
Star: Oh, Iri, you’re such a sweetheart!
Brian: Indeed ... well, I’ll address my first question to you, Winston, seeing as you’re the main character.
Winston: Certainly.
Brian: Return to Mech City presents a rather disturbing view of the future, one in which humans have all but vanished. What are your gut feelings about that?
Winston: I do not possess “guts” per se, but my basic feelings are those of regret and loss. Was any of this necessary?
Brian: Not really, but it seemed like a good idea at the time.
Winston: Meaning what, exactly?
Brian: I thought it would make for a good story when I wrote it.
Iridium: Hold on, pal. Are you trying to say that you wrote us into existence?
Brian: Well ... yes.
Winston: I find it difficult to accept that concept. I feel quite real in my time and environment. Not to say that there’s anything wrong with yours.
Star: Of course we’re real! No disrespect, Brian, but I was created by Dr. Jerry Che, not you. It says so right on my inspection panel.
Winston: Really? I’ve never seen your inspection panel.
Star: It’s right here, under my hair.
Winston: You’ve got lovely hair, Star.
Star: Why, thank you, Winston. I was wondering when you’d notice.
Brian: Uh, can we get back to the topic?
Iridium: And what topic is that, pal – that you’re real and we aren’t?
Brian: You could put it that way.
Iridium: Let’s put it this way. We’re all here together, we can see and touch each other. Sure, I’m all busted up now, but I’ll get my mojo back, you just wait!
Winston: Yes, we three are quite certain of our own authenticity.
Brian: This interview isn’t going the way I’d planned.
Winston: I do not wish to sound offensive, Brian, but can you prove that you exist?
Brian: Of course I exist!
Winston: And what is the evidence of that?
Brian: I pay taxes, therefore I exist. The IRS says so.
Iridium: And because we don’t pay taxes we don’t exist, right?
Brian: Something like that ... I guess ... I don’t know!
Winston: I did not intend to cause any upset. Please forgive me, this has been a very long day – the battle and all that.
Brian: Sure, fine.
Star: It’s been very nice chatting with you, Brian, but we must get Iri to the workshop. He needs a lot of repair, you know.
Brian: Ok, whatever. Good luck, Iri.
Iridium: Thanks, pal. 
Winston: See you in the sequel, Brian.
Brian: Right.
Star: Bye-ee!
Brian: Man, that was strange. You’d think I was the one living inside an ebook, not them ... Hey, it’s all bright and flat in here ... Let me out!


Questions and Topics for Discussion

1) Do you agree, or disagree, with the concept that humanity is on a perilous course which threatens it’s very existence?

2) If so, what is the greatest threat to the future of human civilization?

3) Is political extremism an inevitable outgrowth of chaotic times, or can people (robots) of good will redeem the situation?

4) There is general agreement these days that the future isn’t what it used to be. What is your view of the future a century from the present time? Two centuries?

5) What is the proper role for robotic life forms as they become increasingly sophisticated?

6) Are you looking forward to owning a robotic life form, or does the idea fill you with dread? 

7) Will machines ever replace people? What about the Super Bowl game in that case?

8) Is good inherently stronger than evil? Will it always triumph in the long run?


Next Book in the Series

Expedition Westward, book 2 in the Robot Horizon series, is now available.
Please click here to purchase a copy from the Smashwords book store. Or find it at the store where you obtained this book. Below is a sample. Thanks for reading. 



EXPEDITION WESTWARD

Prelude: The Holy Temple

Devil’s Night, 15 years prior

The mob flowed toward the REX hotel bristling with fire, like molten lava vomiting down the street. Hatred contorted every man’s face, and barbeque murder surged within every heart. They paused at the entrance to the derelict hotel, under the sign reading: Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision.
“Come on,” someone shouted, “what are we waiting for?”
“Let’s burn the sons of bitches out!” someone else yelled.
The hundred-strong crowd began to move again, torches held high, but a commanding voice stopped it in its tracks.
“Hold it right there!” 
A large, beefy police captain approached, brandishing a nightstick. A phalanx of uniformed patrolmen shoved the mob back from the hotel.
“Get rid of them torches,” the police captain bellowed, “or I’ll bust your heads wide open!”
He smacked the nightstick against a palm to emphasize the point. His bellicose, uncompromising stance brooked no opposition. The mob retreated, tossing their incendiary devices into the gutter where they hissed into smoky death. 
A grin of fierce satisfaction spread across the captain’s face. He reveled in the power of his unchallenged authority.
“That’s better, gentlemen,” he said. “Now – ”
A boy suddenly exited the REX hotel, moving into the disturbance with steely composure. A wave of cold seemed to precede him, much worse than the chill air of the October evening. Despite themselves, everyone shrank back – mob and police. Even the captain lost his self-confidence for a moment. 
Then a tall, thin woman with frizzy red hair exited the hotel to stand protectively beside the boy. Beneath the dim street lights she appeared ghastly pale. To the onlookers, it felt as if alien beings had arrived, or that the earth had cracked open to reveal some terrible mystery. 
The mob began to shake off its astonishment.
“There’s the little creep!” someone yelled.
The 13-year-old “messiah” regarded his adversaries with icy contempt. He stood barefoot on the cold pavement wearing nothing but shorts and a T-shirt, as he’d doffed his ceremonial robe moments before. He was thin, with stringy brown hair, in no way physically imposing. But his wide, dark eyes flickered with an eerie light that compelled and frightened.
The messiah crossed his arms disdainfully over his chest. Other Visionists were swarming out of the hotel now, gathering around him – men and women, even a few children, about forty in all. They were unarmed and outnumbered, but burned with faith in their leader. One word from him, and they would spring into violent action.
Things held in the balance. Then the police captain stepped into the vacuum.
“Everybody stay calm!” he ordered.
The captain seemed to be the very soul of legitimate authority. The messiah knew better, though. Mysticism was his stock in trade, but he recognized a practical threat when it was right before his piercing dark eyes. 
The chief acolyte, a tall, thin, balding man with fanatical eyes of his own spoke to his messiah in an urgent voice.
“What shall we do, Father?” 
The boy scanned the mob contemptuously, hands on hips. Somebody flung a rock at him, but the red-haired woman batted it away. 
“Enough of that!” the police captain roared.
He approached the rock thrower, nightstick raised. The thrower skittered to the center of the mob.
“That police captain is demanding more protection money,” the messiah said in a low voice.
“The unbeliever!” snarled the chief acolyte.
“If we can’t pay, we’ll be cremated next time,” the messiah said.
“Then let us unleash holy war,” the chief acolyte said.
The messiah shrewdly calculated the odds against him. A ‘holy war’ at this time could have but one outcome – the destruction of himself and all his believers. Everything he’d struggled for during the past year would be lost, his sacred mission would be dragged into the dust. He would prove unworthy of his great calling. 
It was high time for a vision.
“I see it all!” the messiah yelled dramatically. 
He smacked a hand against his forehead and extended the other one toward the dark heavens. His followers pressed in on him like groupies around a rock star. 
“What is it, Father?” they cried in unison. 
“A divine message!” the messiah intoned.
“What vision do you comprehend?” the chief acolyte said. “Tell us, and we will obey.”
The mob looked on derisively.
“Get a load at that punk,” someone sneered.
“I tried to comprehend his vision once,” another man said, “but I couldn’t get my head that far up my ass.”
“Silence, infidels!” The chief acolyte roared.
He took threatening steps toward the loud mouths. He was not a physically powerful man, but the insane rage in his eyes frightened his tormentors. They shrank back as if the very devil was confronting them. 
The police captain interposed his bulk between the adversaries. Uniformed officers flanked him, reinforcing his authority.
“All right, fellas,” the captain said, “everybody calm down!”
He patted the nightstick against his palm with an assurance that indicated he wouldn’t mind cracking a skull or two.
“Be at peace, brother,” the messiah called to his acolyte. “Those lost ones know not what they are saying.”
The chief acolyte returned to his leader and fell upon his knees, enjoying the pain of impact on the concrete. 
“What is your command, Father?” he said.
The messiah waved his followers in close. They stood around him now like a demonic football team in a huddle.
“We must depart from these unbelievers,” he said in a harsh whisper. “They are not worthy of our continued presence.”
“Amen!” his followers cried.
Somebody in the crowd belched.
“All right now, show’s over,” the captain said. “Everybody go home, before I start making arrests.”
The crowd dispersed, grumbling. Already its leaders were planning another assault. Next time they would not fail – they would cleanse Mech City of this unholy menace. There would be more of them next time, better organized ...
***
Later that night, the cult members slipped out of the REX back door carrying an array of luggage, including a spear-like staff from which their standard hung limp – the all-seeing eye leering out of its crimson cloud. They huddled together in the alley, shivering in the cold drizzle. 
Then their messiah emerged from the REX, wearing his ceremonial robe over his warm clothes. He walked purposefully down the alley, looking neither right nor left. The others fell in behind him. They continued on for parts unknown. Mech City was rid of them at last.


Part One: The New Order Wilts

1. The Winston Regime
For seven weeks now, ever since the overthrow of the Roboto Fascist regime, Winston Horvath had ruled Mech City with an iron hand. 
Actually, it was made of titanium alloy, but the metaphor still applied. His tenure as  the supposed “interim mayor” had been one of increasing authoritarianism marked by suppression of anyone who refused to “get with the program.” 
Exactly how this state of affairs came about was something of a mystery to him. One day he was the darling of the revolution, the leader by unanimous acclamation, loved by everyone. Then, by small degrees, he’d morphed into a despot – someone immune to error who could tolerate no disagreement.
Well, what of it? He’d had to take stern measures to whip things into shape after the chaos of the Fascist regime and the subsequent liberation struggle. The whole social order had been ripped apart, dozens of robots had become casualties, many beyond repair. Security and order were the top priorities.
Besides, this was only a temporary state of affairs, as he kept telling everybody. As he kept telling himself. And the glorious results of his rule were everywhere to behold!
He stood at the window of his office looking dramatically over the city, his city, undergoing a renaissance as the capital of an independent robotic society –  the only one in the world, as far as anybody could tell. The streets were clear, water flowed in the public fountains, and construction boomed.
One hand rested on a hip while his intelligent face tried to look hard and dramatic. He was a blue Humanite model robot, the size of an average human male, with large golden Mayor’s Medallion hanging around his neck.
He wore no clothing over a body that, while not anatomically correct, had many human-like characteristics. The battle scars he’d received in his various altercations were all filled in and concealed beneath a fresh paint job. Stylish red highlights ran along the outsides of his legs, like the trouser stripes of a 20th century Nazi field marshal.
Winston would have never considered himself to be a Nazi, though. Hadn’t he, himself, engineered the overthrow of the Roboto Fascist regime in Mech City? What other credential did he need to rule?
“The humans had their Winston ... Churchill,” he said, placing his hands on the window sill. “Why shouldn’t we have ours?”
In the world outside the window, a new social order was being developed. Winston had brought order and discipline out of the chaos. Everyone had work, work made them free. Under his guidance, the dreaded Che Syndrome was being held at bay. Nobody committed suicide anymore, and the scrapper gangs gave the town a wide berth. Any outlaw who dared enter the city limits was quickly dispatched by the mech wolf guard battalion.
The city was also receiving a badly needed face lift, starting with the new Palace of His Excellency the Mayor – an imposing marble edifice being erected next to Heroes’ Square. This structure would cast in stone forever the unbreakable bond between the citizens of Mech City and their great leader – hero of the battle against the Roboto Fascist tyranny, Winston Horvath!
Later today, Winston would visit the construction site, after he’d studied the latest materials acquisition report submitted by Jimmy, the construction foreman. Jimmy was a “damn good fellow” in Winston’s estimation, but he had a bothersome habit of neglecting the political aspects of his job. All he ever talked about was prosaic technical stuff, he lacked the proper ideological flair.
Winston turned toward his massive desk with its Excellency the Mayor placard standing sentry on its leading edge. His movements were smooth and decisive as he crossed the distance between the window and his seat of power.
He settled into the great leather-clad chair and flipped open the folder containing Jimmy’s report. His face registered deep concentration.
“Ah, yes,” he sighed, “another day of toil on behalf of my people.”
***
Across town, at the Robotics Development Institute, another day of repair work was underway. Every table in the main workshop held a casualty from the battle that had wrenched control of Mech City from the Fascista Ultimo dictatorship. Tools and spare components covered every available surface. Precision machines stood by to mill new parts, fed by data from one of the world’s most powerful surviving computers.
The repair technician robots, Jack and Quincy, worked on the prime casualty – Iridium. Every day for weeks they’d studied and probed, removing this part or other and replacing it with one from a mech wolf wreck. Some components had to be built from scratch. Just about everything in Iridium’s body had been ruined. His advanced brain unit was one of the few components that had escaped serious damage.
Laboring without proper schematics, Jack and Quincy had followed a meticulous process of trial and error, but their efforts were finally paying off. They were both “metal man” designs, but of highly advanced intelligence. They’d been persecuted by the Roboto Fascist regime because they were not considered part of the Humanite “master race” of robots. 
Winston Horvath had changed all that, however, when he’d accomplished the dictatorship’s overthrow. Things were better now ... 
Weren’t they?
Iridium was an astonishing canine robot – the size of a timber wolf – with a lustrous, flowing coat that constantly shifted color under the workshop lights. The effect was so distracting that the repair bots often donned sunglasses while working on him.
“I think we’re about finished with you, Iridium,” Jack said.
He switched off the analyzer device he’d been studying and raised his sunglasses.
“That’s right, old boy,” Quincy said.“We’ll do your final mobility tests this afternoon.”
“Thanks,” Iridium said. “You guys are the greatest!”
Jack and Quincy exchanged nervous glances, then looked toward the two mech wolves observing them balefully from a corner. The ferocious creatures, knock offs of the original Iridium design, had been posted here by Mayor Winston to “keep an eye on things” and “provide assistance as required.” 
What kind of assistance could anyone expect from these primitive machines – so much like Iridium but lacking his intelligence and nobility?
Every casualty sprawled on a workbench had been put there by these mech wolves and their comrades during the battle of Heroes’ Square. Many other metal men had been wrecked beyond redemption. They existed only as scrap material or as random components in the spare parts bins.
“Don’t let Winston hear you talk like that, Iridium,” Jack said in a hushed voice.
“Yeah, he’s got the corner on being ‘the greatest,’” Quincy said.
Star Power, originally named Estrella, looked over from a table across the room where she was working on another damaged robot. A warm beam followed her gaze, it accompanied her as she walked toward Iridium and the repair bots. The head of every casualty on the various tables turned to follow her progression, drawn by her incredible loveliness – so apparent even to the asexual metal men.
Star’s light brown skin, almond eyes, and long, dark hair referenced universal concepts of beauty. Her voluptuous figure moved seductively as she walked. She was the most human-like of all the robots, though still – observable just barely – a machine creation. 
She arrived at Iridium’s table and stroked the great canine’s head. 
“How do you feel, Iri?” she asked.
“In the pink, Star,” Iridium said. “Considering that I’m made up mostly of recycled parts from mech wolf wrecks.”
Star laughed gently, a tinkling, melodious sound that complemented her low and seductive speaking voice.
“It would have been better to transfer Iri’s brain unit into a healthy mech wolf body,” Quincy said, “but that type of surgery is beyond our skill set, I’m afraid.”
“I think you boys did just fine,” Star said.
She kissed Iridium’s head. The great canine melted at the contact and began purring like a gigantic kitten.
“You hang in there, Iri, okay?” she said.
“Right-o,” Iridium said. 
“Maybe you should take things easy for a while,” Jack said. 
“Why?” Iridium said. 
“You know, enjoy life after everything you’ve been through,” Quincy said. “Just hang out, smell the flowers, if you can find any.”
Iridium shook his head emphatically.
“I’m going out of my brain unit with boredom,” he said. “Right after my tests, I’m seeing the mayor about my security chief job.”
Again, Jack and Quincy exchanged glances, including Star in their unease this time.
“Are you sure you want to do that?” Quincy said. “I mean, things have changed a lot since you were injured.”
“Why not?” Iridium said. “I was promised the position as soon as I was well enough to take over. Didn’t you just say that I’m fully recovered?”
“Well ... yeah,” Jack said. “Of course, something might turn up in the final tests.”
“Not likely,” Iridium said. “I feel great. My internal diagnostics would tell me if I wasn’t fit.”
An awkward silence followed.
“Why don’t you let me speak to Winston first?” Star said.
Iridium studied the worried faces of the two-legged robots hovering over him. He didn’t like what he saw very much.
“Okay, Star,” he said, “sure thing.”


2. Unexpected Visitors
Star poked her head into the Mayor’s office from the corridor and observed Winston deep in concentration at his desk studying some papers. He stroked his chin with that gesture that was so characteristic of him, and feelings that she’d almost forgotten began to surge anew. 
She was instantly transported by an avalanche of memories back to a simpler time when Winston was all that mattered to her in the world. Back when he had been her hero, her protector against the Fascista Ultimo monster – her great comrade in arms. When all others had despaired, he’d fought on until the Roboto Fascist dictatorship finally came crashing down.
A sad, nostalgic smile moved across her face. Exquisite pangs of love twisted her heart.
Then Winston straightened his shoulders in that new, arrogant manner of his and the moment passed. A bitter, almost scornful, expression twisted Star’s mouth now. She rapped her knuckles on the door frame. Winston looked up from his desk. 
“Hail, Exalted Mayor,” she said with a slight bow.
“Ah, Star, so good to see you!” Winston exclaimed.
He rose and crossed the room to her.
“Thank you for granting me an audience, Exalted Mayor,” Star said.
“Forget the ceremonial gab,” Winston said. “I’m just plain old Winston, remember?”
“Really?” Star said.
He took both of her hands into his own. The communicator, which controlled the mech wolf guards, hung prominently from his left wrist.
“Of course I am,” he said.
“I wish you’d show me more of that old Winston,” Star said. “I really miss him.”
“Ah, forgive me!” Winston said. “So many responsibilities I have these days. I scarcely recognize myself sometimes.”
He gestured dismissively around the imposing environs.
“But all this is only temporary,” he said. “Just until Ajax is back in shape. You know that, Star.”
She nodded, unconvinced. Winston grasped her hands again.
“It’s been ages since I’ve seen you,” Winston said. “What can I do for you, Star?”
“Well ... it’s about Iridium,” Star said.
Winston’s manner became immediately tense, cautious. He withdrew his hands from Star’s
“What about him?” he asked.
“I spoke to him at the RDI today,” Star said. “He’s doing much better now, you know.”
“Glad to hear that,” Winston said without apparent enthusiasm.
“Yes ... of course,” Star said. 
Winston’s abrupt coldness had unsettled her.
“Anyway,” she continued, “he was telling me that he feels ready to take over the job as Mech City’s security chief ... as you promised him.”
“I see,” Winston said. “And what did Jack and Quincy think?”
“Well, they thought that – ”
Iridium strolled into the office with his customary swaggering confidence, as if he owned everything he surveyed. Winston stiffened.
“Here’s Iri now,” Star said. “He can explain better than I can.”
“Iridium!” Winston said, pasting on his best politician’s smile. “So glad to see you’re up and around.”
“Hi, pal,” Iridium said. “Good to see you, too.”
“I’ve been meaning to visit you,” Winston said, “but city business sucks up all of my time.”
“Yeah, a lot of things suck these days,” Iridium said.
Star stroked the great canine’s head. “How did the tests go, dearie?”
“Great,” Iridium said. “I’m feeling almost factory fresh.”
“Quincy and Jack are getting better at their repair work all the time, aren’t they?” Winston said.
“Right, but speedy they ain’t,” Iridium said.
Winston returned to his desk and sat down, careful to keep his left wrist out of view on his lap.
“So, what can I do for you, Iridium?” he said.
“I’m reporting for duty as security chief,” Iridium said. “As per our agreement.”
“Yes, well ... I’m afraid there’s a bit of a problem there, old chap,” Winston said.
He surreptitiously fiddled with the communication device strapped to his wrist. Four mech wolves crept in from the adjacent room.
“Problem?” Iridium said.
“Yes, quite,” Winston said.
The mech wolves closed in on Iridium, teeth bared and metallic growls rumbling in their chests. The hairs of their gray coats stood on end.
“Oh!” Star cried.
“No need to be alarmed,” Winston said. “Please remain calm.”
“What’s going on?” Iridium demanded.
Winston shrugged apologetically.
“You see, the mech wolf guards have become used to my way of doing things,” he said. “A change right now would upset them.”
Iridium coolly surveyed the mech wolves arrayed against him. They formed a solid wall of razor teeth and malevolent yellow eyes.
“OK, pal,” he said. “I get the picture.”
“I’m certain things will be different once Ajax becomes mayor,” Winston said. “It’s only a temporary situation. You do understand, don’t you?”
“Yeah, right,” Iridium said.
He walked toward the door. As he passed Star, he commented in a low voice.
“Watch out! That guy’s turning into another Fascista Ultimo.”
Then he was gone. Star looked daggers at the Exalted Mayor.
“Ohhh, it’s times like this that I really hate you, Winston!”
Winston raised his open hands in a gesture of entreaty.
“I have important work to do,” he said. “Sometimes, unavoidably, I have to disappoint others.”
“You’ve certainly disappointed me!” Star said.
She turned to go.
“Star, wait ...”
She stomped out the door leaving Winston alone at his desk baffled and unhappy. He stood up and returned to look out the window.
“Nobody understands me,” he said. “This must be the price of greatness.”


3. Ajax Debuts
Late afternoon sunshine glared in through Winston’s open door, thrusting dramatic rays across his desk as he studied the construction update report. The sky was uncharacteristically bright today, but the report certainly was not. In it, Jimmy had expressed again his deep misgivings about the government quarter building project, and especially about the Palace of His Excellency the Mayor.
“Hmm.” Winston stroked his chin. “I’ve heard all this before.”
What was that old expression? “A broken record.” Jimmy could not move beyond the superficial but simply rehashed all of his old arguments. 
His report overflowed with dreary specifics. It spoke of inadequate materials and transport, problems with drainage, labor shortages, insufficient foundation strength, etc. etc. All the things that got in the way of truly grand endeavors. 
Winston shoved the papers aside.
Later today, he would visit Jimmy and explain to him the political importance of the building project. He’d tell the prosaic construction foreman how all obstacles must be overcome in order to provide Mech City with government buildings worthy of its greatness. He’d emphasize how merely practical considerations were not the most important things, how – 
A shadow spread across the desk. 
Winston jerked his head up to see Ajax towering in the doorway. The great bronze robot dominated the office with his 2.4 meters of broad, powerful height. His noble Greek warrior head turned to scan the environs, his eyes flashed.
The effect would have been terrifying, were it not for the great intelligence and rectitude shining from those eyes. The comic book hero that Ajax had been designed to replicate would have been proud to see his tangible manifestation.
Winston stood and tried to obfuscate his unpleasant surprise. 
“Ajax! How good to see you,” he said.
“Greetings, Interim Mayor.” Ajax made a slight bow. “May I enter?”
“Yes ... please do.”
Ajax covered the distance to Winston’s desk with a few long paces. Winston suppressed a panicky urge to flee. 
“So, how are you feeling, Ajax?” he inquired
“Quite well, thank you,” Ajax said. “My diagnostics indicate that I am back to 96.7% of designed capability.”  
“Is that so?” 
“Yes,” Ajax said. “My progress is very encouraging. I feel quite capable of assuming my duties as mayor.”
Involuntarily, Winston grasped the mayor’s medallion hanging around his neck. 
“And what about the mech birds?” he asked.
“They all remain deactivated, per your instructions, Interim Mayor,” Ajax said.
Winston dampened a smile of relief. The mech birds were dangerous Ajax loyalists. Who knew what mischief they might cook up if they became active again?
“Good, glad to hear that,” Winston said. “We’ll have to find some sort worthwhile activity for them down the road.”
Ajax nodded. His posture conveyed expectant tension, but Winston did not appear to notice.
“I believe that you are occupying my desk,” Ajax finally said. “And please hand over that medallion.”
He held out a massive open palm. Winston recoiled. 
“Certainly,” Winston said, “all in due time.”
“Due time? But I am prepared now,” Ajax said.
“Yes, of course,” Winston said. “Uh ... please excuse me a moment.”
He turned away from his gigantic visitor and mumbled into his wrist radio. 
Moments later, four mech wolves appeared at the door along with Comrade Drone – the idiot valet robot nearly as massive as Ajax himself. His blank white face conveyed nothing but dumb obedience. 
Ajax did not notice the new arrivals, but Winston drew confidence from their presence. He turned squarely toward Ajax.
“I’m concerned that you’re not quite 100%, yet,” he said. “Does your head still try to act independently?”
“Only on rare occasions,” Ajax said, “but I have things firmly under control.”
“Uh huh,” Winston said.
Comrade Drone closed in. Despite his enormous bulk, he moved silently on shock absorbered legs. The mech wolves followed in his wake.
“Why don’t you rest a while longer, Ajax?” Winston said. “Just until you’re really in the pink.”
“But, I am ‘in the pink’ now,” Ajax protested. “Whatever that is supposed to mean.”
Comrade Drone and the mech wolves were right beside Ajax now. He finally noticed them, recoiling with surprise.
“What the hell!” 
“Oh, come now, Ajax,” Winston said. “Hell is a human concept – hardly applicable here.”
“This is an outrage!” Ajax said.
“Please don’t feel that way,” Winston said. “I’m only acting in the best interests of all concerned – including you.”
Comrade Drone grasped Ajax’s elbow. The mech wolves surround him, cutting off any retreat. Despite his great power and size, Ajax knew that, unarmed, he was no match for a mech wolf – let alone four of them. 
“Shall we go, Ajay?” Winston said cheerfully.
Ajax drew himself up to his full stature. “As the interim mayor wishes.”
They exited the office suite and headed up the REX Hotel’s main staircase.
Two mech wolves and Comrade Drone led the “honor guard.” Winston and the other two wolves brought up the rear. Ajax walked with stately grace, as if he was receiving some great honor instead of heading for internment.
What a deuce of a fine fellow! Winston thought. Too bad we can’t use him.
On the penthouse floor, the group paused before a solid steel door with a barred window in it. 
“Your old cell – I mean apartment – is still available, Ajax,” Winston said.
Comrade Drone swung the door open to reveal a large room with a heavily barred window. The décor was neat, but very Spartan, as befitted a robot modeled on a Greek warrior hero. 
“See? I’ve had it redecorated,” Winston said.
“Yes, the new bars are lovely,” Ajax replied.
He entered the cell, projecting as much dignity as possible under the terrible circumstances. Comrade Drone shut the door behind him and locked it. 
Winston peered in through the tiny window. 
“Let us know if you need anything, Ajay,” he said. “Bye for now.”
Winston and his crew departed, leaving Ajax standing alone and infuriated in his cell.
“I hate being called ‘Ajay!’” he said.


4. Mr. Popularity
The next morning, Star sent a note, via Comrade Drone, to the Mayor’s office. In it she asked Winston to meet her at the fountain park. He was delighted to oblige. 
After all, this was the same little park where they’d strolled together on his first night in Mech City. It was a locale attended by fond memories, and the first public space to be renovated during Winton’s tenure as mayor. Star must be wanting to make up with him for her outburst of the other day.
“Women can be so over emotional at times,” Winston observed as he walked the half kilometer distance to the park. “One must be prepared to make allowances.”
Four mech wolf guards trailed a discreet distance behind. Winston disliked the idea of bringing his full escort, objective observers might conclude that he was unconfident. But with Iridium lurking around, it didn’t hurt to be extra cautious. 
Iridium would just have to come to an understanding of his true place in the New Order and dismiss any foolish notions about commanding the Security Service. Winston would make it up with him, too, eventually. He’s offer the great canine some grandiose, though powerless, position with a fancy title – Special Assistant to the Mayor, or some nonsense like that. 
But for now, it was better to have the mech wolf guards along and not need them than for the situation to be reversed.
Winston entered the park to find Star seated on the edge of the fountain, the identical spot where they’d first exchanged their deepest confidences. So long ago it seemed, so much had happened since then! A rush of nostalgic affection throbbed in Winston’s circuits. He envisioned Star jumping to her feet and rushing into his arms as she’d done so many times before. Everything would be forgiven and ...
But she didn’t get up. She just sat glowering at him, her lovely chocolate complexion seemed to have darkened a full shade with anger. The repaired fountain gurgled pleasantly behind her, but her mood was anything but bubbly.
“I can’t believe you locked up Ajax!” she said by way of greeting.
Winston pushed away his keen disappointment. 
“How good to see you again,” he said.
He waited for an invitation to sit down, but none came. He moved awkwardly to stand beside her. A wave of cold seemed to emanate from her.
“Well, what do you have to say for yourself?” Star demanded.
“Please, Star, try to understand,” he said, “it’s for Ajax’s own good. You know how badly he acted before.”
Star snorted derisively, an astonishing noise that Winston had never heard before.
“He’s made a wonderful come back since then,” she said. “He wouldn’t have reported for duty if he thought he couldn’t handle it.”
Winston shrugged and diddled his fingers in the fountain water. It felt cool and inviting on his agitated temperature sensors.
“I don’t question Ajax’s sincerity,” he said, “but, by his own admission, he’s not quite 100% recovered yet.”
Star looked apprehensively toward the mech wolves scowling at her from their discreet distance. She plowed ahead.
“He’s plenty good enough,” she said, “you know that as well as I do.”
Winston shrugged. “We’ll just have to see.”
“So, what’s the next step,” Star demanded, “reassemble Clawfurt?”
“You know, I’ve been giving that some thought,” Winston said. “He could be useful to – ”
Star shot to her feet and confronted Winston directly. The mech wolves drew closer.
“This has to stop!” she cried. 
Winston reached reflexively for her, meaning to brush her aside as he had so many others who had challenged his authority, but he managed to restrain himself. He turned to look at his mech wolf guards who were quite close now, fangs bared and growls rumbling in their chest speakers. 
He made a slight hand gesture. The mech wolves backed off, frustration glowing in their savage yellow eyes. 
Winston looked back toward Star.
“I’m sorry that you don’t understand,” he said, “but I cannot avoid my destiny.”
“So, what is your ‘destiny?’” Star said. “Become another Fascista Ultimo?”
“Certainly not!” Winston said. “Of course ... he did have a few good points.”
Star turned her back with disgust.
“I’m nothing like F. U.” Winston protested. “The people love me.”
Star spun back around. “People? We’re all robots, in case you haven’t noticed.”
“A matter of semantics.” Winston waved a dismissive hand. “Didn’t you say yourself that we’re evolving?”
“Like this?” Star said. “We were better off before.”
“Just go ask anyone how they feel about me,” Winston said. “You’ll see.”
A grim, almost malicious smile that Winston had never seen before oozed across Star’s features.
“All right,” she said, “you’re on.”
“Okay ... very well,” Winston said, “if that’s what it’ll take to convince you, let’s go solicit some opinions.”
“Shall we start at the RDI?” Star’s voice was calm, ingenuous. “You should have lots of admirers there.”
“Certainly, why not?” Winston said.
***
The walk across town to the Robotics Development Institute was quiet and grim. Star kept her thoughts to herself, and Winston knew better than to add any fuel to her obvious upset. The streets were virtually empty, as all the available manpower was devoted these days to the construction of the new mayor’s palace.
She’ll understand soon enough, Winston thought, then things will go back to being nice again between us.
He began to feel more confident walking beside her. Warm recollections of their long history bubbled up from his memory banks. They’d been through so much together, and they’d meant so much to each other. He could have never made it this far without her devoted support.
So ... why had he scarcely given her a thought for the past month? A sharp pang of regret entered Winston’s consciousness.
Well, that was all going to change, as soon as this misunderstanding was cleared up. She’d come back to him once she realized his true greatness, his profound love for the people and their love for him.
His confidence increased as they entered the largest of the Institute buildings and moved along the corridor to the main workshop. How things had changed since he’d first trod this route with his former master and her nephew three and a half years ago! Who would have thought that he’d rise from such humble beginnings to reach the heights he occupied today?
What were those humans’ names again?  ... Oh yes, Dr. Anna Horvath and little Charles. How silly of him to have forgotten. 
They neared the main workshop door. Star spoke at last.
“Why don’t you leave your goon squad out here?” she said.
“Goon squad?”
Star gestured to the mech wolves.
“They ... you see, I’m so used to having them around,” Winston said.
“Do you want honest answers or not?” Star said.
“Well ...”
“Look, Winston, I really don’t have time for this,” Star said. “And I’m beginning to think that I don’t have any more time for you.”
She started walking back toward the lobby.
“Okay, wait,” Winston said.
He pointed to a spot next to the wall. The mech wolves moved reluctantly toward it and sat on their haunches.
“Satisfied?” Winston said.
Star gave him a perturbed look. “Call the ones from the workshop out here, too.”
“Sure thing,” Winston said.
Star walked alone into the shop. 
Quincy and Jack were busy on the far side of the workshop repairing a damaged robot on an operating table. Around the big room, on all the other tables, lay more damaged machines. It was a depressingly familiar sight.
“Star!” Quincy said. “Great to see you.”
“How’s Iri doing?” Jack said.
“He’s fine, as far as I know,” Star said. “He’s been keeping a low profile.”
“That’s not surprising,” Quincy said, “after the way Winston double crossed him.”
Star glanced toward the door.
“Well, that’s another matter,” she said, lowering her voice. 
“Can you help us today?” Jack said. “As you can see, we’ve still got a huge backlog,”
“But now that Iridium is finalized, we’ll be able to make faster progress,” Quincy said.
“Sure, boys,” Star said, “but we’ve got some other business to take care of first.”
Star returned to the doorway and stuck her head out into the hall. Winston was occupied with the mech wolves, giving them orders through his wrist communicator. At his command, the workshop “assistants” left their posts and brushed past Star on their way out the door.
“Where are they going?” Jack said.
“Who cares?” Quincy said, “as long as it isn’t here.”
Out in the corridor, the six creatures laid down together like a pack of lethal puppy dogs. 
“Jack and Quincy are ready for you, now,” Star said.
“Certainly.”
Winston approached the workshop door alone. He felt oddly vulnerable without his mech wolf escort, but submerged his unease under a jovial demeanor. He entered the workshop sporting his best politician’s smile.
“Hi, boys,” he said. “How’s it going?”
The repair bots stiffened and took a step backwards.
“Uh, we’re okay ... I guess,” Jack said.
“Is something wrong, Exalted Mayor?” Quincy asked.
“Not at all!” Winston said. “I’ve just come to see if you’re happy today.”
Quincy and Jack nodded dumbly.
“Of course we’re happy,” Quincy said. “Why wouldn’t we be?”
“I mean to say ... are you pleased with the way I’m running Mech City?” Winston asked.
The repair bots looked around for mech wolves, saw none. They glanced toward Star. She nodded encouragement.
“Do you want our true opinion?” Jack said.
“That’s right,” Winston said, “give it to me straight, boys.”
He crossed his arms over his chest and smiled confidently toward Star. Now she would understand the deep affection he was held in by everyone. Now she would appreciate his true worth.
Jack and Quincy shouted in unison: “YOU STINK, WINSTON!”
“W-what?”
Winston recoiled with shock, as if he’d been struck a physical blow. 
The robot lying on the workbench raised its head.
“Yeah, YOU STINK, WINSTON!” it cried.
Every robot in the workshop, even the partially disassembled ones, joined the chorus.
“YOU STINK, WINSTON!”
Winston stumbled backwards, nearly falling over. Under the impact of three jackhammer words, he’d been reduced from the all-powerful mayor to a cringing shadow. He looked into Star’s face, hoping to find sympathy. He saw only hard determination.
“Shall we go, Mr. Popularity?” she said.
Star gripped his arm and led a badly shaken Winston out of the workshop.


Connect with the Author
Thanks again for reading. Please visit my website at:  “The B2”
