                 
              

                HALAKA
                  THE LAWS OF THE
                        UNIVERSE
                             BY
                               Tim Snyder
                            2013
                      
                     
                   
                  
                                      
                                             PREFACE
A Jewish family possessed an instrument that had been passed down for generations; it endured time and traveled the sea from the Middle East where it was first created. Once on American soil the family became successful and lost interest in the family loom and left it when they moved to California. The person that found the instrument sold it on an online auction on EBay. The man Todd that won the auction fell in love with the mosaic designs that were placed on the outside. After it sat in his garage for years he brought  it out to show a friend, while examining the pieces to the mosaic he discovered a code, his friend a professor at UNC helped him with his connections at the University, to discover how to decipher a few of the many codes. Before they got a good start, the black suits from the dept. of Homeland Security confiscated the instrument and Todd ended up in jail. 
   Once out of jail, Todd discovered that by stroking the strings on the instrument; he had heard Sacred notes that had triggered activation of dormant DNA. This proved to be a life changing event that led to him attending the school of Melchezidec during meditation. During this time he would learn the Secrets of the
Enoch an ancient one to stop eating meat, Todd began hearing people’s thoughts and seeing in other dimensions, having visions and déjà vu. Which in most cases immediately following these; the visions happened in real life exactly as Todd had seen them. Once Todd heard a person’s thoughts he figured out that he had made a connection through a galactic energy source of sound and vibrations that have always been available. He could hear that person speak or think at anytime he wished, which would prove to be quite hard to get adjusted to. 
Join Todd as he starts the school of Melchezidec and learns the sacred knowledge, which will prove to be a true Pandora’s Box in his life, as well as the United States Government that will end up putting Todd on a list “Public Enemy Number 1”.  Because Todd refused to work with them after they learn he had found what they presume was supernatural powers. 



                                 The Journey
                                  03-01-1934
    In a small town outside of Warsaw, Poland called Lodz. A Jewish man named Ruben Cohen 55 years of age; was smoking a pipe while on the phone talking to his younger brother Joshua in Damascus, Syria. He was a math teacher and a musician; they were discussing how to avoid the persecution of the Jews by the Germans. That had been escalating for several years, Ruben was thinking of fleeing to America where he had heard there was potential for a prosperous and safe life. Ruben was a Merchant of diamonds from South Africa and was a very wealthy business man. He had a few contacts in America from his business trading that were willing to help him move to America. Ruben wanted to know if his younger brother Joshua wanted to move with him. Joshua was not a wealthy man, but rather a struggling math teacher that had to borrow money from Ruben from time to time. Ruben insisted that his connections were telling him they heard rumors of Hitler, and his growing agenda of hatred toward the Jewish people. He insisted that Joshua join him with as many of their family members that are willing to flee ASAP. But Joshua didn’t believe Rubens friends or their rumors, although there had been far too much persecution of the Jews.
   This hadn’t bothered Joshua in Syria as bad as the town near Warsaw where Ruben lived, and he tried to get Ruben to move to Syria instead. Joshua believed that YHWH would eventually give the Jews a land of their own, and they would all finally be free from persecution. If his brother moved to Syria, he would be further away from Hitler’s power. Meanwhile Joshua believed in (The Golem of Prague) and hoped that the mystic powers would destroy Hitler and his band of devils. But Ruben did not believe in the mystical powers of (The Golem of Prague) he was a very determined business man. He had big business plans in NY. New York... like so many times before, they couldn’t reach an agreement on the subject. So the phone conversation ended with a traditional Lehitra' OT (goodbye)
   Joshua was 49 years old; he cared only for his study of sacred geometry, his hobby of making mosaic inlay designs and his music. He played the harp, his father made a harp for him when he was 8 years old. He had kept it in his closet; his father taught him how to build the harp while telling him stories that had been passed down through the generations, about their forefathers who also lived in Damascus. One of the favorite legends was their distant Great Grandfather named Abraham Cohen had traveled to Cairo, Egypt to see the great pyramids. while visiting there, he met a priest who was also visiting the pyramids, upon further conversation, the priest remembered that he had heard tales of the master musicians named Cohen in Damascus, and asked Abraham if he could build a new instrument similar to the Jewish Harp, but not as big, and somewhat different, something he could easily carry back home with him. Abraham remembered the instrument that his father had designed according to the sacred geometrical proportions, his father called it; (HALAKHA) meaning (The Law) nobody was allowed to play the instrument, only to look upon the dimensions and design, to learn from them. 
   The Cohen family had never reproduced any like it'. Abraham figured this would be a good time to reproduce one, he agreed to a fairly hefty sack of gold offered by the priest. He commenced to build the instrument, with precise accuracy according to his imagination. That one did not contain the inlay of mosaic, but rather a simple version. When Abraham finished it 3 days later, he played it for the priest, and the sound was pleasant to the ears of the priest, he loved it'. The dimensions were beautifully proportioned, the priest asks: Abraham what do you call it? Abraham replied: "HALAKHA" which means (the law) this particular one has dimensions that are calculated by some of the laws of the sacred geometry that our people posses. The priest remembered that the Jews were also well known master carpenters, and the priest respectfully considered the architecture of the instrument and replied: We also have a word that means (the law) and named it’ (The Cannon). Gladly the Priest paid Abraham the sack full of gold for he was very pleased, he said goodbye and went on his way.
    When Abraham returned to Damascus, he brought out the instrument called HALAKHA from the closet where he kept it safe. He made another replica close to the original one. But did not inlay it with mosaic designs either, and took it to town to play during one of the festivals. There a famous musician of the king noticed it', he asked Abraham to bring it before the king and’ play it for him, and so he did. When the sweet sounds of the music pleased the Kings ears, he fell in love with the instrument and asked about its origins for they had never seen or heard anything like it. Abraham denied the king the facts of the original HALAKHA, then Proceeded to tell the king the story; about the priest hiring him for a sack of gold to make something new like a harp, only smaller and somewhat different, and continued to explain the likeness of the dimensions with sacred geometrical proportions. Explaining why the priest named it (the Cannon). The King looking at the new instrument with eyes of envy, decided to offer Abraham a very large some of silver for the instrument, a sum so large that Abraham could not refuse. So the King declared ownership of the beautiful sounding instrument and' said we also have a word that means (the law) so he names it' (the Qannun) or (kannun)  the king was very pleased and paid Abraham with two sacks full of silver and gladly sent him on his way. With the gold and silver that their Grandfather Abraham had acquired by selling the replicas, he purchased the land where we all live. 
   Joshua often told his son Isaac the legend, Since Joshua's father Joseph passed away in 1930; he inherited the traditional passing down of the original instrument called HALAKHA (the law) and the responsibility of telling the family stories about their forefathers at the dinner table on the eve of every Shabbat. (Sabbath) Joshua didn’t want to move away from Syria as their family was scattered about the area around the black sea, their father Joseph Cohen was a well known and loved math teacher that taught music on the side. Joshua had followed in his Father’s footsteps, this was the Jewish tradition.
   Meanwhile Joshua and his son Isaac started on his homework. Joshua had high hopes of passing on the knowledge of the Sacred Geometry that his father taught him. Although Joshua was a master of math he felt he will never know as much as his father Joseph knew. Joshua hoped his son could achieve what his grandfather knew. Isaac had always gotten into trouble for getting his Fathers favorite HALAKA out of the closet. He also had a small passion for music; he was used to hearing his father play his HALAKA that he and Isaac built together and the music lessons in the evening. Joshua was a family man at heart and spent as much time as possible with his son Isaac. Joshua's wife Ruth was a homemaker and was a very humble woman that loved her family, knitting and chatting with the local women about their children's progress. Joshua taught music to the neighborhood kids; Isaac had many friends because of it’. They came to his house for music lessons in the afternoons... a well mannered and loving family to say the least. Joshua didn’t charge the parents of the children for the music, unless their parents could afford it. Otherwise his only income was a small amount for teaching math at the local school. But they seemed to do ok and were a happy family. Ruth usually cooked in the kitchen, watching out the window as Isaac and his friends kick a ball around, after music lessons and listened to the chuckles and laughter coming from the children playing in the afternoon.
 01-01-1936
   Some time had passed and Ruben had just moved to NY, New York and was very happy that he was far away from the Middle East. He lived in an upscale loft in a high rise complex overlooking the city. He also wanted to buy a large house outside the city, to house his family when he finally got them to move there to escape the persecution. He wasn’t married nor did he have children, he had dedicated his life to being a merchant, and had become very wealthy. He was too busy with his business to start his own family, he felt that he would not be at home enough to be a good husband or father. He kept in contact with Joshua on a regular basis; he was putting hard pressure on his brother Joshua. His friend in NY, a spy for the US Secret Service by the name of Kenneth Harper had informed him (in secret) that he just returned from Berlin with sufficient evidence that Hitler was planning a brutal annihilation of the Jewish communities across Europe. Also the Yiddish News Paper, (Jewish news) circulated in NY, was reporting imminent danger for Jews in Europe.
Joshua continued to live in Damascus, but he was contemplating making some sort of move in the near future, although confused about where he should move. The rumors were reaching Damascus from Warsaw about Hitler’s spread of persecution heading east of Berlin. He still didn’t want to move across the globe, to NY. His son was growing into a young man and started to show a darkening above his lip, for puberty was setting in. Although Ruth wanted Joshua to make a move now, he still hesitated to leave his hometown. (Where his ancestors had been for several generations) However he was slowly losing faith in the mystic power of the (The Golem of Prague). Frustrated he worried that if he moved to far away from their home town; his family would lose sight of their family traditions. (Like making mosaic designs, music, and the practice of the Sacred Geometry) he worried that he won't be able to find a school to teach math, and about how he would support his family. These eerie thoughts had caused Joshua to hesitate far too long already. Ruth told Joshua she loved him as she followed the gesture with a kiss on his cheek, with eyes tearing she told Joshua the news, she was planning to take  Isaac south to her brothers tomorrow even if he refused to go with them. She feared for their lives, several families were moving at dawn tomorrow, and she intended on leaving with them. The rumors of the gossiping ladies in the community had reached epidemic proportions, panic and fear was the new rain descending upon the region for the Jewish people.
      Joshua fell to his knees and begged Ruth to give him more time, but Ruth insisted that his hesitation was going to cost them their lives, she couldn’t wait any longer. Joshua continued to beg Ruth, but to no avail and Ruth started packing clothes and pertinent items she and Isaac would need for their journey. Joshua was devastated by the news; he knew that Ruth was right. He went to his private study room, where he began to cry as he looked at a portrait of his parents, many of the things in his study room belonged to his father. Joshua knew that if he left, he would not be able to take them all. The pain was unbearable, in a fit of rage he took (The Golem of Prague) and choked it’, shook it’ back and forth, sprouting a few choice words, then kicked it’ to and fro about the room, busting lamps and other items of glass. He felt like his heart was being torn out, for his whole life and all of his memories were there in that town of Damascus, in a since he felt like he was losing his father all over again. (Whom he loved with all of his heart) after settling down, Joshua looked at the broken glass overlaying the portrait of his father. Tears fell from his eyes onto the broken glass. He fell to his knees, cried with anguish that was heard throughout the house. He relieved himself of the devastating pain, and then he fell asleep. He dreamed of Hitler coming to Damascus and brutally killing all the Jews. When he awakened, not knowing what time it was or how long he had been sleeping, he ran out to see if Ruth had taken his son and left. He found them in Isaac’s bedroom asleep, both piled in the bed together. He could tell by the way Ruth was snuggled against Isaac with her arm over him, she was afraid for Isaac. He returned to his study and started gathering the most valuable and memorable things of his father, he decided Ruth was right, now was the time to move on, he couldn’t live without his family. He would not allow them to leave without him. Joshua awakened Ruth at sunrise, informing her that he had packed what he intended to take, as he was not letting her and Isaac leave Syria alone. Although he hated to admit it, he was wrong to wait so long and apologized to her for making her worry. Ruth was very happy to hear the news as she rose from the bed she hugged Joshua and said thank you very much, I was worried how we would survive without you. Joshua replied I'm sure you were, but I would never let you leave without me. They rushed to the kitchen to fix breakfast. While eating Joshua informed Ruth that not only were they leaving the area, they were going to board a ship in the city of Alexandria, in Egypt. (A town north of Cairo on the shore of the Mediterranean Sea) He further informed her that they were moving to America, where Ruth had always dreamed they would go, especially after Ruben had sent letters back describing of the advanced luxuries that the Americans enjoy, like electricity and running water inside the house.  Ruth rejoiced in the midst of their crisis, although Joshua loved his wife very much, he wasn’t happy. After eating breakfast they packed all the remaining food, and loaded the wagon. Joshua had to leave many things behind that he cherished, but he did not leave the HALAKHA that his family had passed down for generations. He denied the temptation to burn the place to the ground. Inside he still had a glimmer of hope that one day they could return, and all would be as they had left it. But he did bring out the (The Golem of Prague) and burned it in the middle of the road, as it was smoldering with smoke, He walked back to his house and bowed to his knees and said one last prayer and kissed the ground. He tied all the goats and sheep in a line behind the wagon like a train, and they headed to the south end of town where all the towns Jewish people had agreed to meet by 9:00 am. 
   They were a little early and the children were kicking the ball around playing as if nothing was wrong. The parents all had a look of disillusion about them, but they conveyed no negative thoughts to the children so they didn’t cause them fear. The time had come for all the men to assemble and figure out a plan of action. Most of the families were related. They thought most importantly they must have a central means of communications after they split up. Most of them knew the relatives they had in Egypt, so they chose the home of a doctor there named Benjamin Levi to send letters there and keep in touch with each other by mail. Then the whole lot of Jews came together for prayer, and parted their separate ways, many by foot many by horse and wagon some by horseback. Ruth asked Joshua what they were going to do, Joshua replied we are going to sell this horse and wagon and take a train to Alexandria. She was so relieved to hear that his plan wasn’t to save money and make the journey in that old beat up wagon. They arrived close to the train station at the south end of Damascus. Joshua spoke to a business man there about selling him the wagon and live stock; he agreed to follow them to the train station only about a half mile away, so they could unload their belongings. Joshua made the purchase of three tickets to Alexandria, and there was a small fee to carry other items in the cargo boxcar, with plenty left over Joshua gave his wife and son a hand full of money. He was overwhelmed with emotion, like symptoms of bi-polar; he was not comfortable at that point. He was realizing he had never moved away from home, and really didn’t know how to settle his nerves. Joshua made a comment that if I was a drinking man, I’d sure down a bottle right now. Ruth laughed as she anxiously awaited the train. Soon they could hear the trains engine churning as it rounded the curve in the tracks about two miles away, every Jew that was there was bursting with joy, to see that train smoke puffing from the top of the engine. You would have thought they hadn't ever seen a train, the way every eye was fixed upon its arrival.                                                        As the train came to a stop, people were jumping aboard with an even since of fear and happiness. When all of the Cohen’s family things were loaded Joshua and Ruth had found their seats, Joshua leaned his head back and said: I’m going to sleep. I’ve been up all night packing. Ruth responded you go right ahead my love, Isaac and I will be right here when you wake up, as the train pulled away from the station Isaac and his mother watched out the window wondering what the world will look like. With anticipation burning inside of Ruth, she couldn’t stop asking the other passengers on the train about areas on their path to Alexandria. She was curious about the world; Ruth was raised in Damascus also and never been outside of Syria. She was like a kid in the candy store for the first time. Joshua pretended to be sleeping; he didn’t want to spoil her moment of joy. But her constant chatting was keeping him from falling asleep. Not to mention the shaking and noise of the train. So he lay there resting his eyes, and listening to his wife. He knew deep down inside this was going to be a big change for him. But he was delighted to see Ruth happy; she had been worrying so long that she went into a mild state of depression. She didn’t find anything funny about the atmosphere surrounding their area at all. Suddenly she was bursting with excitement, it reminded him of their younger years when they were both worry free and starting out a life for themselves. Finally after awhile, Ruth had talked so much she made her own head hurt, so she leaned back in her seat and began to absorb the moment in silence.
                                    The Journey
   Once the train stopped at the railroad station in Haifa, Isaac asked: Are we there? Ruth said: Not yet honey, but let’s get out and stretch out a bit, and you can play around a few minutes. Joshua said: I'll just watch you two from the window, I’m really tired. Ruth answered: Ok. The sun was high noon, Isaac noticed a cute young girl getting on the train, close to the car he was riding in, being 13 years old Isaac was growing more curious about girls so he walked closer to see the beauty he observed from a distance, she sat down right by the window where Isaac was looking in. Which startled Isaac, he lost his gall and was slightly embarrassed by the event, so he walked away toward his mother, glancing back he noticed a smile on her face. His mother was chatting with a lady heading to America, by the name of Sarah who told her of her daughter Rebecca, who was traveling with her, who was already on the train. At that moment Isaac walked up to his mother, Ruth introduced him to the lady Sarah. Sarah said: hum about the same age as my daughter, maybe I’ll introduce you two at the next stop in Cairo Egypt. Isaac thought; (wouldn’t it be great if she were that pretty girls’ mother) on the train Isaac kept thinking to himself about the pretty girl he saw and asked his mother: Mom did that lady describe her daughter to you? Ruth replied: ha-ha no why do you ask (knowing exactly why) as she smiled. Isaac replied: oh nothing, I was just wondering. (While leaning back in his seat) all the way to Cairo Isaac was thinking of the pretty girl, Joshua was sleeping and Ruth was looking at the landscape out the window, humming and rubbing Isaac's head as he drifted off to sleep.....
   Arriving at the Station in Cairo, Ruth woke the two sleeping beauties, to see the sun had set and the night was in full effect. In a hurried fashion, Isaac worked his way to the restroom to fix his sleepy head. Just in case he saw the pretty young girl he had seen earlier. Joshua was attending to the family belongings coming off the boxcar to the rear of the train. They intended to stay with Ruth’s brother in Cairo until his brother sent the money that he had asked him for. Ruth was overwhelmed with happiness to see the big city, as she took in a deep breath, and sighed with relief. Sarah whom she had met in Haifa stepped off the train and said: Oh hello again Ruth, where is your cute little son, she had her daughter with her now, He will be out soon; Ruth replied, then Sarah introduced her daughter to Ruth as Rebecca, Aw what a pretty name for a pretty girl as well. Ruth replied, just as Isaac steps off the train, Rebecca? he said: I couldn’t help but notice you at the last stop as you are the prettiest girl on the train, Rebecca was blushing but smiled and replied: hello. Ruth said: This is my son Isaac who has never been so forth coming; I’m shocked that he even spoke, he has always been timid. Isaac said: Oh Mom, stop it. He kind of played it off trying to be cool. Ruth smiled at Sarah as they both see the actions of their offspring. Sarah said: Do you want to get a bowl of soup, I hear these Egyptians make a very good bowl of soup. Ruth replied: Of course, Isaac can you go inform your poppa that we will be waiting on him in the station for dinner? Isaac never before so happy said: sure, as he took off running. Joshua saw Isaac running towards him, fearing something was wrong; he made haste toward Isaac saying: What’s wrong, what’s wrong? Isaac replied: Nothing poppa (out of breathe) nothing, then why are you running so hard said Joshua, Isaac catching his breath replied: Oh I just felt like running as I’ve been cooped up in that train for so long... Momma wants you to meet us in the station for soup. Joshua said: Okay, Wow you ran that hard all the way down here to tell me that? Isaac replied: Yea I know.                                      Joshua said: Okay I’ll be through here shortly. I’ll see you and your mother in a few minutes. Isaac was heading back before Joshua could finish, Okay poppa hurry up; as he took off running again, back to the cafe at the station. Isaac sat down and tried to hide the fact that he was out of breathe. Cautiously peaking at Rebecca, hoping she wasn’t looking. Ruth asked: Sarah how is your family? Sarah replied: oh we've heard that some of our family has been killed in areas surrounding Berlin. Ruth replied: “Oh my goodness we have too, as the lady next to them overhears, she said: Excuse me but I just heard that Hitler the dog is killing Jews in the far east of Berlin. Is it true? Sarah answered: Yes he is the son of Satan. Ruth covered Isaac’s ears she shook her head to agree, while looking at the lady next to them. Sarah said: Ruth I’m sorry, I’ve lost several of my family members and I’m not in a good mood. Ruth replied: I know exactly how you feel; I’ve been begging my husband for two years about us leaving, but we didn’t have the money to just up and leave. Sarah informed her that she had been through the same thing but her husband, he had just passed away of some type of cancer issue with his lungs. She was not bound by his authority any longer; she sold the house and was moving from Warsaw to Deep South as far as she could get from Hitler the dog. This is how she kept referring to him anytime she said his name. 
    Joshua approached the table with a traditional greeting: Baruch Hahshem, He is met with several shalom coming from people at the table, as Ruth introduced her newfound friends, Joshua Replied: My, what a beautiful daughter you have. Now I see why Isaac was in such a hurry to get here. (With a chuckle) Isaac blushed with embarrassment he looked away from Rebecca. Ruth said: Honey, try the soup it is wonderful. Thank you honey, he replied, as he sat to the cooling bowl Ruth had ordered for him. Isaac got up and leaned to his mother’s ears and whispered, she said: Ok, when he walked away she looked at Joshua and said he’s going to the bathroom. 
   Sarah can you give me your address so we can keep in touch? She said; Sure and wrote it on a piece of paper and gave it to Ruth. She in turn gave her Rubens address in America. She informed her that they are going to stay at her brothers for a week before finally sailing the sea to America. (The sound of the train horn) Sarah said: We've got to go, glad to have met you, may you be blessed on your journey. As they got up to leave, Ruth said: The same to you, Thank you so much for your time and friendship, and away they go in a hurry as if they were going to miss the train. (Joshua slurping spoons from the bowl of soup) Isaac returned from the restroom said: Where did they go?  Ruth replied: They had to leave didn’t you hear the horn? Isaac said: Yes, did you ask her what I told you? She said: Yes and I’ve got it too. Looking at his dad he said: poppa you embarrassed me. Joshua replied:  Son I’m sorry, I meant you no harm, sit and finish your soup. A few minutes later, Ruth’s brother Nehi came in and found them all stuffed full, He said: My refugees have come home. Laughing, referring to the exodus. Joshua watched as Ruth jumped up and hugged her brother. Ruth replied: Don’t worry this is not a return, but merely a stop on our exodus from this continent all together.
     Nehi responded: (Jokingly) let’s get you to our house so you can rest as I’m sure you are all tired. The wife is at home anxiously awaiting your arrival. They left the cafe, gathered their things into Nehi's wagon and went to his house. There they chatted for an hour or so reminiscing and then head off to bed. The next morning they rose to a hearty breakfast, where the chatter sounded like that of a band of crickets with everyone talking at the same time. Joshua had to get up and go outside for relief of his headache; he was a simple man, orderly and couldn’t stand the fashion of chaos at the table. He looked toward the pyramids in the distance; he sighs and said to himself, I’m going to miss this place. Then he bows his head in grief and prays for his family’s safety. Nehi came out on the porch with Joshua and said: We've heard the tales of the atrocities happening in the north. Isn’t it a shame? Joshua shook his head and didn’t respond. Nehi saw the grief of Joshua and said no more, he sat quietly with Joshua taking in the morning air and sunrise.
    For the next few days Joshua tended to things around Ruth's brothers house, like minor repairs to the fence, working the garden, feeding the animals. To help pay their way for room and board, not to mention help relieve the mental stress of what was uncalled for Sinicism against the Jews for no reason.  Isaac had already written a letter to the cute girl he met on the train, he played with the kids close by as Ruth watched on. Knitting while she hummed, daydreaming about the new life in America. At daybreak, the family was loading up and headed to the train-station to go a little ways north to Alexandria. There they would board a ship sailing the seas to America. Ruth was nervous as she just knew something was going to happen before they got to America. At the train station in Cairo, Ruth told her brother she didn’t want to come back. She bade him to move to America ASAP! As Joshua and Isaac were loading their belongings in the cargo box, they all gave hugs and said their goodbyes.
  The train ride was short and sweet; Ruth was boiling over with anxiousness to get off the continent. The ship was scheduled to take on boarding passengers in about an hour from then. After they’d settled in the local cafe for lunch, another Jew eating there sat beside them and introduced himself as David. He then asked what of the latest in their area? Joshua replied with: We were living in Damascus, Syria, the devil Hitler is determined to kill us all. The rumors of the ruthless slaughters have been coming south more and more, until we finally decided it was time to leave! Ruth clears her throat and said: We've been decided; we just didn’t have the money to leave until now. The stranger David proceeded to tell them; he had barely escaped Berlin. By way of hiding in a truck bed full of dung, he literally crawled inside the heap of dung, he knew the truck always left Berlin, but he didn’t know where it was going. Nor did he care. As Soon as they were out of town he got his head out of the dung to breathe, he was sick to his stomach from the smell. Ruth said: See Joshua, it is true! He lost his whole family, my lord at such a young age. The horn blew on the ship, Ruth wasted no time jumping up in a hurry; Isaac come on she said, she grabbed Joshua’s hand and clang close to his side as they approached the ship.
  Joshua asked the attendant taking tickets, about the boxes they had packed. The attendant said: The boxes are packed with your ticket numbers marked on the sides and top. So where ever you are going it will be loaded on the center of the ship and unloaded at your destination. Comforted with the answer, Joshua said: Thank You Sir and pulled Ruth’s hand, they continued up the ramp to board the ship. Finding their way to the rear of the ship, Joshua wanted to see his homeland as long as he possibly could. As the ship started to sail, Ruth sat back and sighed: Thank You YHWH, we are going to be ok now. Joshua smiled at her and rubbed his sons head, Joshua said: Son I’m going to tell you another story about your forefathers, Isaac replied: Dad do we have to? Joshua laughs and said: Ok we can wait.
  The ship made several stops on its way to the narrow exit through The Strait of Gibraltar, with Spain on the North side and Morocco on the South side. Once they sailed out into the open sea of the North Atlantic Sea, Ruth started rejoicing in psalms singing at the clouds, raising her hands toward the heavens. Isaac asked his dad: Poppa why is momma so happy? He answered: Son she’s always wanted to go to America, she’s happy we are finally on our way. Isaac asked: But why what’s so good about America? Joshua looked with a half smile and said: Son it’s the greatest country in the world, they have everything! Isaac watched his mother dance and sing. Joshua told Isaac: If anything ever happens to me promise me that you will take care of your mother. Isaac responded: I will Poppa, Joshua watched Ruth dance and he smiled with amazement in her happiness.
   Calming down from her overwhelming happiness, Ruth asked Joshua if he could go get her yarn from the packed goods, so she could make Ruben a special sweater for his kindness. Of course Joshua does what she asked of him, he politely asked her to make him and Isaac one to match Rubens if she had time. She replied: If the good father is willing, I won’t die before I do. For the next several days Ruth was working her needles, Isaac and Joshua were looking back at the beaches of Spain and Morocco; until no land could be seen either way they looked. Joshua continued to tell Isaac stories about their forefathers, and the dreams they all had of passing on the Sacred Geometry that their people had always possessed. In hopes of one day a time of peace would come to their people, then they would all come together and build a New Jerusalem. Only then would they be able to truly bring to the forefront, their wisdom and utilize it as their forefathers did. So it was important that they kept the tradition of teaching their children the knowledge of the Ancient Ones.
   On the 13th day of the trip, a Rejoicing broke out at the front of the ship, known as the yell of sight to all sailors. The continent of America was in sight, the captain blew his horns in a traditional manner (several small chirps) not to alarm the people but to make them aware that there was something in front of the ship to see, their destination. The anticipation was coming to a realization now for the Cohen family. They all stood with arms wrapped around each other, each with their own ideas flowing rapidly of what to think of the land of promise. The next day they reached landfall at the Harbor of New York, Where Ruben was awaiting with a car and trailer to haul their belongings the short drive to his newly acquired house in Kings, New York. This was an ideal location for Ruben. He often sailed and since the Harbor of New York is close by Kings, he thought what better place for his business and his family. When the ship docked Ruben was waving a white flag marked with the blue Star of David, to signal his brother; “I’m over here”, he was shouting and tearing up, he had nearly lost his hair worrying for his younger brother. You could see the joy and the relief calming him as he felt the battle was over. Ruben had pleaded with Joshua for years to move to New York and the day was finally there.
   The Cohen family finally united, the happiness had settled somewhat, they awaited the ship to offload their boxes. Ruben was telling his family of all the great plans he had for them and the wonderful things about America. Isaac was amazed at the size of the cities he saw along the coastline, he wondered to himself if this was not the New Jerusalem his father had always told him about. At the house; unloaded and settled in for the eve, the feeling of complete happiness had never been so overwhelming for Ruth. She laughingly expressed her need to get in a hot bath and sleep as long as she could. Everyone got a hot bath, and ate dinner which Ruben had made sure would be a new item for their tasting, A Pizza straight from one of New York’s finest Pizza Parlors. They were all very satisfied, with the taste and the simplicity of eating with their hands and not getting messy. With full tummies, tired of all the chatter each turned to the sheets for a comfortable nights’ rest, as each was weary and tired inside and out.
   Ruben gave Joshua a job as salesman in one of his jewelry stores, and taught him the ropes of fine diamonds. Ruth tended to the new house and Isaac as she always had. Isaac had written the cute girl another letter, with his new address labeled in the return section, and was anxiously waiting to hear from her. Meanwhile the tales of the brutal dictator Hitler were never so close to the ear, as if they hadn’t just traveled thousands of miles to get away from it. Joshua asked Ruben why are the Americans so concerned about what happens in the East? Ruben informed him of the global trade and allies that the US had built. Also he told him: I’ve heard that the USA may even get involved against the evil dictator. Joshua replied: Wow Now that is something new, someone standing up for our people, a big country like this. Ruben said: This country will crush the evil doer too if they go after him. Joshua Immediately thought to himself, chewing the side of his lip. But Ruth Quickly said: Don’t you even think about it mister, Joshua with a raised eyebrow look said: What? She replied: Don’t “what” me mister, you know exactly what I mean, don’t you even get in your mind of going back if the US of America kills the dog Hitler. I mean don’t even think of it, this life is so much better, I’ll NEVER EVER go back. Joshua said: Okay, Ruth with a short "Huh I can’t believe it" shook her head in disgust. Ruben was smiling and giggling; inside he knew that Ruth would make sure Joshua never left him again.

20 yrs Later,
   The holocaust, the war it was all behind them now, the feeling in the air was one of contempt for the Cohen family, but Joshua fell sick and couldn’t seem to recover. The doctors said he had cancer and would not live long. Isaac sat with his dad in the back of the jewelry store when they had no customers shopping, Ruth wanted Joshua to quit work and stay home with her, but Joshua wouldn’t do it. He felt like he owed Ruben too much for all he had done. Ruth told him: Isaac makes just as much money for Ruben without you as he will with you. But Joshua refused to stop going to the store, until the day he passed away. It was a sad day for the Cohen family. Isaac continued to run the store. Ruth started going to the ladies meetings as she had grown bored without a child to tend to or a sick husband. Ruben told Isaac he was leaving him the stores, also he informed Ruth that he was leaving her all his wealth, Ruth said: I don’t know what I’ll ever do with it, Isaac gives me way more than I need, but Thank You so very much for all that you've done for us. Ruben nodded his head in a yes fashion and said: Make no mention of it. 
   Isaac was now engaged to the sweet girl Rebecca he met on the train when he was young. He realized he had no real interest in math or music, he thought to himself; what will I do with all this stuff poppa left me? He asked his mother: Momma what should I do with all poppas things when Rebecca comes to live here? She replied: Keep what you want and let me go through what you don’t want, and we will donate the rest of his stuff to the poor. Isaac thought; there wasn’t a more Nobel thing to do. As he was going through all the stuff his father owned he recalled all the stories his father told him and tears fell from his eyes. So he kept a book of stories his dad wrote down, and a few other small items he cherished, Ruth went through the rest. Ruth asked Isaac: Do you want this big box with that Halaka in it, Isaac says: Not really mom, I never learned how to play it, poppa wouldn’t let me touch it. She replied: Well he’s not here to stop you now. He said: Nah I’m going to let that be, if poppa didn’t want it played, I’m not going to do it now, but I’ll keep it in the attic for good measure. Ruth smiling said: That’s good he would be happy that you kept it. It meant everything in the world to your poppa it’s been in our family for as long as the stories he used to tell. 
   Isaac married Rebecca, she was very happy with Isaac and Ruth; she helped Isaac run the jewelry stores. Ruth was still running around town and being the happy person she always knew America would make her. Several years had passed now; Isaac was still running the family business. Ruben came in to see Isaac at one of the stores, while talking to him he fell to the floor with a heart attack and did not recover, Isaac phoned his mother to tell her the news. Not long after the funeral, Ruth wanted Isaac to move to Staten Island and open a new store there. Which he did and they were very happy in their new home on the beach. They sold the old house and don’t even bother to get all of their things out of it. They were very wealthy from Rubens will. 
  20 years later; Isaac had become a very successful businessman, like his uncle Ruben was. He sold the whole business and moved to California to retire and live happily with his family. Meanwhile back at the first house they lived in, before they moved to California, the tenant that bought the house had a 16 year old son named Wesley, one day he was wondering around the house and found the attic door attractive, he proceeded to climb up and found the attic full of junk the Cohen’s had left behind. He plundered through all the boxes and found the odd shaped box that held the instrument that Joshua had cherished so dearly.  He brought it down from the attic, his mother said: What have you got? He replied: I don’t know it's so old when I tried to play it, the strings were breaking, I just thought I would bring it down and let dad see it. His mother replied: That’s old and it will bring a pretty penny in my next yard sale. Wesley said: What about we split it, because I found it? his mother agreed… it brought a whopping 55.00 (lol) Wesley said: We better not plan on retiring on that, his mother said well it didn’t help that nobody knew what it was. Wesley said your right, but we got 55.00 more than we had.
   The man that bought the instrument (Halaka) was a hoarder very old in age, He had no clue what it was He just like the odd shape and the old look that it had, he was a yard sale king. Buying things cheap to fill every building he could build. The Halaka once again landed in a storage building, with more and more being piled in until you couldn’t see it anymore. So it was forgotten again for another 30 years.
   The year was 2010 the old man’s son was cleaning out all the buildings filled with his father’s hoardings. He had an eBay account and his wife was listing anything of value for sale. She searched on the internet to find some idea of what the instrument was worth they couldn’t find anything like it. But they do find a Zither and a Dulcimer that looked somewhat like it, so they listed it as a zither/dulcimer.
  A man down south Named Todd in N.C. was surfing eBay and stumbled across the item when he searched the word harp; for his elder Uncle Tommy was looking to buy one. His Uncle Tommy was an old timer, and couldn’t even turn on a computer, much less use one. It was customary for Todd to do the surfing for his uncle anytime he got an itch to buy something. Todd loved to surf the web and EBay was one of his favorites along with craigslist, this item had an unusual shape. One that neither of them was familiar with, But Tommy was not interested, he wanted a harp. However Todd was intrigued by the instrument's design, and decided to save it in his watch list. They continued surfing with hopes of finding a nutcase with a 20,000.00 Selma grand Harp that was hurting so bad that they would take 500.00 for it... like all EBay shoppers would.  Not to Todd's dismay, they don’t have a deal that good as of yet. Tommy was in his own way a hoarder, but only if he got it so cheap that he had a bragging right, he would often tell people when he bought something: “I bought one and you can hardly find those anymore”, you always knew what was coming next... Guess what I paid for it? That’s how you knew he nearly stole it, it was so cheap...Tommy was a wealthy man, but very frugal with his money, (lol he is truly one of a kind, Todd often thought to himself...) Tommy called Todd on the phone on a daily basis, and Todd nicknamed him "talk a lot Tommy" Todd would often tell his friends; If Tommy can’t get you on the phone he will call 15 to 20 times that day. If you call back the line is usually busy, he keeps that phone tied up most of the time he’s not sleeping, hence the nickname. Tommy was 6'6 and weighed close to 320 lbs. He was 70 years old and was still strong as an ox and healthy as he was when he was young, he hardly ever shaved, and he wore a white beard roughly cut to about 6 months in length. Todd was 44 and is 6'2 he weighed close to 220lbs smaller in statue but no midget to say the least, he was cleaned shaved most of the time. He was married to a Philly from Pa. who didn’t care for a beard being on her husband’s face. 
  Todd and his Uncle traveled the United States working for power company contractors, building power plants. They were pipefitters by trade. Todd, who was a carpenter before his Uncle taught him the ropes of pipe, was back on the laptop for another glimpse at that odd looking stringed instrument with the inlay of some sort. Looking at the inlay closely he said to his wife Kathy: I’ve seen these designs on The Discovery Channel over in the Middle East. I'll bet it took this person a long time to build this thing. Fascinated by the inlay, Todd would spend another hour just looking at the designs. He had no interest in the musical aspect of the instrument; just the design and probability that it took someone literally hundreds of hours do such a design. When Tommy called later that night, Todd couldn’t help but to say: That darn instrument we found is fascinating, I've looked at it more closely and I’m shocked at how much time someone took to do that inlay, it has to have tens of thousands of tiny pieces in its design. Tommy just said: Well if you like it, get it, that’s always been my philosophy, you let it slip away and you’ll regret it, if you can’t find another one. With this being said, Todd was clicking back on his EBay watch list again to look at it. He did a search in the Google search bar, for the name which the seller listed it as a zither/dulcimer. After an hour of listening to talk-a-lot-Tommy, Todd frustrated because he couldn’t find one shaped like the one for sale, got off the phone with Tommy, and called a friend who played in band with him back in high school. Todd sent him the link to the ad on EBay, but the friend said: I've never seen one sorry I don’t know anything about it. So the goodbyes were said and Todd was puzzled even more, he thought to himself (I’ve been surfing the web since the internet was born, why can’t I find this instrument.) 
  The next day the instrument was on Todd's mind again. He decided to search using different search engines. Again another hour was wasted and Todd was frustrated. His wife Kathy called him to the kitchen for dinner, during dinner that’s all Todd talked about, and asked if the family would all get their laptops out after dinner and see if they can help him find some information about the instrument. They agree; just to shut him up about it for awhile. After dinner Tommy called again, he asked Todd: Did you find out anything about it? Todd replied: No, I can't talk right now, the time is ending on the auction in two hours, and I've got to find out something about it. I'd like to have it, but I don't want to make a bid without knowing anything at all about it. That’s crazy... So Todd hung up and started his search again, 3 search engines and another hour gone by, nothing. Todd was totally frustrated; he asked his wife and kids to help him look for it. His Son Justin agreed to help, and made the remark: Dad you're supposed to be the computer guru, but I'll bet you I can find it. Todd replied: “Well stop talking and get on it, time is running out”. They both searched for another 45 minutes but to no avail, there’s was only 15 minutes left until the auction ends. The bid was at 150.00 with no reserve, and 4 bids had been made. All the while Todd had been contemplating a guess about the value of such an item, He called his Uncle Tommy for some advice, but Tommy wasn’t giving any as he had no clue about the value. He didn’t even know what it was. But he doesn’t hesitate again to reiterate on the subject about losing something rare if you really like it. Tommy said: It’s only money and you only live once. Todd’s wife was very frugal like his Uncle Tommy, but Todd on the other hand didn’t mind spending money even if he had to overbid on an item. If he liked it, and it was rare he would pay extra for it. So Todd decided on the high bid of 250.00 so he enters the bid of 175.00 with intentions of using 250.00 as his high bid. But as soon as he put in the bid of 175.00 eBay informed him immediately, that he had been out bid, with 7 minutes left he entered the high bid of 250.00 the auction took the bid and informed him he was in the lead. However as all good eBay shoppers knew, it wasn’t over until the last second counted down. This made Todd nervous as he didn’t know what he was bidding on, but his gut feeling was telling him the inlay labor alone was worth a few hundred. As it had to take someone hundreds of hours to design, Todd recalculated his high bid, and reset it to 500.00.  Feeling confident for a moment he sat back and watched the clock winding down to the two minute mark, the bid hadn’t changed. But Todd knew how he had won so many bids waiting until the last few seconds to enter the high bid, denying the competition time to re-bid. As the clock wound down to the final ten seconds he watched with his blood pumping hard, at 5 seconds the numbers on the bid were going crazy running up, when the clock stopped, the last number he saw was 300.00. When the clock ran out eBay tallied up the highest bid and it took a few seconds for the results to get back on the screen, Todd had to wait for the screen to refresh. He questioned whether his 500.00 bid was enough, his heartbeat is pounding and his adrenalin had peaked. BAM!!!!!!! the screen shows "Congrats you just won this auction, surprisingly the poor person that lost only set his bid to 482.00 and had lost thinking that, including the 133.85 shipping 615.85 would be enough to win the bid, but he was sadly mistaken, although just taking the bid over 600 by a few bucks was a smart bid, he just didn’t bid high enough to win, and never was Todd so happy. His decision to bid a high bid of 500.01 was enough to win including shipping he paid 620.85 in total. Just 12.15 shy of his maximum bid, for that kind of bidding, 12 bucks was not a lot, and wow how the bid went up at the last minute, talk about (bid-snipers) the rush of the win was exhilarating. Now the fear of the value was setting in fast, had he overbid compulsively?
   Todd couldn’t wait to get the package, which came 7 days later by way of FedEx delivery. When Todd finally got it opened, his daughter and her friend were playing in the packing worms that were in the box; Todd was amazed at the instrument. He stroked the old and wore out strings; they made a slight unusual sound but very pretty. He got cold chills running up and down his back, and felt a little dizzy. He would spend about 2 hours looking at it with a magnifying glass, he was so happy he didn’t let it slip away. He asked several of his neighbors, if they knew anything about it. But no one knows anything about it; they all like the instrument but no good information. One elder offered her opinion: Todd if I were you I'd take it to a music store or a museum and ask them if they know anything about it. Todd at a loss for ideas said: Maybe I will, there’s a sticker inside of it, it appears to be Aramaic or Hebrew but I’m not sure. She replied: If that’s the case then you might try a Jewish Temple also. Todd shook his head in agreement and said: Goodbye. Several days went by with periodical searches but to no avail. Todd decided to take it to a music store, where the youngsters there all had the same answer; No, we haven’t got an idea what it is. One of the guys said I'll go get Mr. Mason, he is the store owner and might have more knowledge about it Todd replied: Thank You, while waiting several of the people in the store overheard the commotion and came over to see what all the fuss is about, when the store owner came out. He took a glance and said: I’ve only had 1 of those come through this store in all my 50 years of business, but nothing like that inlay. He said he forgot the name of it, but it’s definitely from the Middle East as those are mosaic designs, so he went behind the counter and pulled out a rather large book, they started thumbing through the pages, looking for the foreign instruments picture. Low and behold Mr. Mason found it, he said: Here it is. It’s called a Halaka made by the Jewish people. It also says the Syrian people have their version, they called it a Kanun or Qanun...But yours my friend is extra extraordinary it has all sorts of ivory inlay. How much are you trying to get for it? Todd shocked replied: Sir I'm not selling it, I just wanted to find out what it is, and where it’s from, Mr. Mason replied: It’s hard to say how old it is, maybe someone from the middle east that is more familiar can help you with the age, but this book says the name Halaka and or Kanun depending on where it’s from. Todd asked: How much do you think it is worth? Mr. Mason raising his eye brows said: I'm really not 100% sure but I'll offer you 2,500.00 for it. Todd responded "Holy smoke, well I'm glad to hear that but I'm going to keep it, Thank You so much for helping me find out what it is. Mr. Mason replied: You’re welcome and thank you for bringing it by.  
                                






                            The Transition
   The renovation Todd had been working on was nearing a completion, Todd had received a call from a major contractor, they wanted him to travel to Ga. to a power plant there and perform his duty as a pipefitter. Todd was sad, but he had to prepare for the road again, the economy had not been good for Americans since the signing of NAFTA. There were hardly any good paying jobs anywhere, so Todd traveled to insure his family the best he could provide for them. The Halakah would sit for several years in the storage room underneath the stairwell in a closet.
   One day while at work Todd was discussing mathematic measurements with an engineer named Leon; Todd was a foreman for the Co. from time to time the foreman had questions for the engineer to make the necessary revisions on design build projects. The bureaucracy of revisions was a headache to say the least, but necessary as well. After an hour or so of beating the blueprints and revising the Iso’s and Ortho's, the engineer said: These rough sketches should be sufficient, I’ll send them in to the main office for approval first thing tomorrow, Todd smiled and shook his hand, and made a funny comment: I'll bet the Jews had to go through the same thing when they built the pyramids in Egypt. What? Wait, what did you say? The engineer replied.                                                  Todd said: I’m just kidding, I was referring to the bureaucracy we have to go through to get a revision made.                                                                             The engineer/Leon said: No I mean what you said about the Jews. Todd said: Ok, you want to know why I think the Jews built them don’t you? Leon; with a startled look on his face replied: Yes. Todd commenced filling his ears with theories of his own, the engineer was never so happy to hear that a commoner like Todd had contemplated what the world of engineers ponder day in and day out. Leon then replied with his own ideas. As another hour had passed, the bell sounded that indicated the shift was over.                                                                                 The engineer closed his book and said: This has certainly been a very interesting day, I've enjoyed meeting you and talking with you.                                         Todd replied: Yes sir I’m glad to have met you as well.
    Later that night Leon phoned his brother James who was an Architect for the same outfit, telling him of the conversation with the Foreman named Todd, he proceeded to tell him how the commoner believed the Jews built the pyramids with their master knowledge of math and science. The brother James makes a hump sound, and asks: Does this young man have any credentials?    Leon replied: I'm not sure, but I'll find out.    James said: You know how many times you and I have argued over this? I hope this isn’t your way of bringing up the same old argument. Leon insisted: No this guy brought this up on his own, I just thought you would like to know his theory was closer to what you believe, without going into too many details.                                                        James replied: Encourage the youngster and I'll talk to you later, Goodbye" Leon said Goodbye as well. 
    The next day Leon brought his little sketch book of how he thought the Egyptians built the pyramids, in his briefcase just in case he saw Todd, but he didn’t see Todd and was itching to share his theories in detail. His brother wasn’t interested in discussing it anymore; Todd had renewed the dream of unraveling the mysteries as with most highly educated people. Leon called Todd on the two-way and asked him to come by his office before he left. Todd entered the door and said to Leon: Let me guess, you want to talk about the pyramids, with a smile.                                                                            Leon grinned and said: Yea I brought some sketches that I drew a long time ago, to show you.             Todd glancing over them replied: Uh hum, typical theories of a book smart man,                                                Leon being intrigued by the comment said: What do you mean by that?                                                     Todd replied: Leon it never ceases to amaze me how the highly educated tend to think inside the box, look at your drawings, they are sketches of how a book smart man would counter-lever a heavy object, and how one would build dirt ramps up the side of the pyramid, I've seen these theories a thousand times. But if you were to think outside the box, how would you do it? Rather than following the guidelines of your predecessors, use your own ideas and imagination. Then draw a new set of sketches. Leon replied: They didn’t have the technology to do what I can, Todd smiled and said: Again you are thinking like your predecessors taught you to think. You know that we still today don’t have a way to pick up some of those stones, right? So if they did it. They had to have technology, obviously they had more technology than we have, look I admire your education and your achievements in life, but if you want to have a chance to uncover the mystery, you cannot follow the ideas of men who have failed to do so. So go back and draw a new set of sketches, and show me how you think we would build it today, with our technology. Keep in mind; we don’t have anything to pick up items that big, so you will have to use your imagination. Leon thought about what had just been said with lowered eye brows, after a minute he threw his book down and said: You know what, you’re right I hate to admit it, but you’re right. I'm going to re-evaluate all my prior theories. Todd smiled and headed toward the door and said: I'll see ya later; let me know how it all works out. Leon replied: Ok goodbye. Leon however was a little irritated by the common since that Todd had displayed and actually was undecided how he felt about what just happened, he thought that his drawings would impress Todd, but instead kind of irritated him. Leon didn't know quite what to think of this guy. He thought to himself this is just a foreman with less education than me why or how can he just speak and think freely like that? Without considering what others think or have learned. Leon was puzzled at Todd’s attitude on things concerning the pyramids.
    Todd however had not even a second thought about the conversation as he went back to his hotel, he was studying math every night, his job called for him to do math most of the day. He wanted to stay ahead of the agenda at his job; he liked to have the equations figured out for the next day, before the men on the job needed help. He found it much easier to explain if he had already worked out the math ahead of time.
     A week went by and Todd hadn’t heard anything back from Leon, so he decided to swing by his office before the end of the day to see how he was doing. Leon was sitting back in his chair with his feet up on the table looking out the window, he said: How are you? 
Todd replied: I’m good how about you?          
 Leon answered: Good I've been thinking about some things, especially about what you said, and I've come to the conclusion, that I’m 60 yrs old and I've never thought outside of the box as you put it.                                                                       Todd interrupted with: Excuse me sir, I'm 43 and by no means did I mean to insinuate that I’m smarter than you in anyway.                             
 Leon replied: You are smarter in a way. You think for yourself without any influence of others, I admire that about you. Being a younger man and lower position in the Company, you don’t let others over you influence your own thinking that is a trait of a natural born leader. I’ve put in a referral for you to be promoted.                      
 Todd with raised eye brows said: Sir Thank You, for seeing my qualities, I was afraid you were upset with me, and may have thought I was a bit arrogant, I came by to see if I should apologize, if I had made you feel that way.                           
 Leon answered: Absolutely not; I’m happy that you speak your mind, otherwise I myself would not have opened my eyes to what I've been doing. Actually you’ve taught an old dog a new trick. Todd asked: What new trick? Leon answered: The art of thinking outside the box, I’ve Began a new set of sketches, but haven’t gotten very far, I’ve thrown away at least one hundred attempts. Todd laughed and said: The art? You know I’ve not looked at it that way, but I like it. I don’t want to keep you, I better be going, Thank you for the referral and I'll see ya later. Leon said: Goodbye. Several weeks went by with Todd and Leon just waving occasionally, not much conversation to any extent. The Company threw a luncheon for the workers. There Todd ran into Leon and asked: How are the sketches going?                              Leon Smiled and replied: You know I'd like to invite you over to my house for dinner one night on the weekend. Todd agreed to Saturday eve. Leon informed him; that his wife is an awesome cook, and they would be having anything Todd would like.                                                           Todd said: Anything but pork, I don’t eat pork. Leon asked: Why is that?                                       
Todd replied: Well....it’s just not good for you. Leon accepted Todd’s answer although he really thought to himself; this guy is full of surprises. Leon said: How about pot-roast do you like that?                                             Todd answered: Oh yea, by the way; let me get Your phone number and address I’ll see ya on Sat. Leon wrote down his info and told Todd: I’ll see you on Sat. Todd replied: Thank you I’ll be there.                                                                    
   Saturday evening came and Todd showed up at Leon’s with an old book he had found on the internet, he offered it to Leon as a gift to show his appreciation as a friend, Leon said: I'll read it but I cannot accept it permanently. You’re too kind. Todd bowed his head as Leon’s wife entered the room introducing herself as Monett; Leon has told me all about you, and I must say, he sure has been acting different since he met you. He seems like he’s twenty years old again in here studying, he hasn’t been rambling like this for 10 years. As she laughed, Todd smiled and replied: I’m glad to meet you. After dinner Leon is hastily throwing dishes in the sink to help with the details of the dinner table. Todd was admiring the house which Leon and his brother James designed and built. Todd told him: I like your house; it is very large and nice.                                                                 Leon said: Thank you, now let’s retire to my study. They walked down the hall to a set of double doors on the left; Todd noticed when Leon opened the doors that he was a bookworm also. The walls were covered with book shelves, they had something in common which was good; the aura was one of anticipation. Todd held his tongue he waited on the older and patient Leon to speak first, Leon pulled out a book of Archeology of Egypt, and laid it out on one of the many tables. And asked Todd: Before I show you my sketches, can I ask you to tell me your theory of how they got those heavy stones off the ground and stacked to build the pyramids?                          Todd replied: Sure, that’s easy I have no theory I’ve never contemplated or cared.                                 Leon sat down and replied: You’ve got to be kidding me, what was all the outside of the box talk about then.                                                                             Todd replied: Sir with all due respect, inside the box is where all small minded people live, you seemed to be looking for an answer, and I just wanted you to look outside the box, because obviously your answer wasn’t inside the box, or someone else would have discovered it already.                           Leon said: Would you like a drink? Pulling open the bar door. Todd replied: No Sir I quit drinking awhile back, but Thank You.                                                         Leon said: It’s been awhile for me also but I just don’t know what to make of you yet. You just flipped my lid again. I need a drink.                                     Todd laughing replied: What now? Leon turned up the bourbon and replied: I don’t know you very well, but I can tell you’re one of a kind, I like you. Please have a seat.                                              
 Todd said: Thank you, and sat looking at the book on the table, Leon poured another drink and downed it. Then poured himself another and leaned back and lit up a cigar, he offered Todd one too. But Todd refused as he would rather just smoke a cigarette instead. While the two puff for a minute,                                                                   Todd tried to hold back as he felt the old man has something on his mind. He didn’t want to prolong or distract the topic either so he waited on Leon to startup the chat, two minutes went by and Leon said: Well I’m dumbfounded, I was going to show you my sketches, I was under the impression that you also had a passion as to the technique that the pyramids were built, but as you just said you’ve never cared about it. So I assume it’s a waste of time, would you care to talk about anything else?                                    Todd replied: Sir I did say that, but I didn’t say that I wasn’t interested in your sketches; I merely answered your question about my theory. I would like to see the difference in your thinking now through your sketches. Leon pulled out the folder and proceeded to pull out several drawings and pass them across the table to Todd, Todd looked at several sketches in silence, the old man Leon just thought to himself, (what will come out of this young man’s mouth next) Todd thought to himself, like his father taught him to use prudence. (How will I say anything now not to offend this man who has even nominated me for a promotion?) Todd said carefully: Sir, these are the drawings of a madman, this is exactly what drawings outside the box look like, Einstein was also thought to be mad, but we know now that he was a genius. Now since we don’t know for sure, we can only assume the possibility. I’ve been in construction hands on for 25 yrs, and I think you have imagined a reasonable and unique way to lift a heavy object without thinking like the others before you. That was my only objective in what I told you in the office that first day I met you. Leon half way smiling said: Son how did I know you would come up with something so clever, in the predicament you were just in, I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone with so much wisdom. You should remind me of a son that I wish I had, but instead you remind me of my Father, who was also very bright.                                                    Todd said: Sir I am but a lonely pipefitter with very little education. I don’t think I am very wise, if you think so, then I must have deceived you; and for that I am sorry.                                                                      Leon interrupted with a slight slap on the table: No you haven’t deceived me, you may not be highly educated but you have more common since than most scholars I know. I had my head stuck up my rear end for 60 yrs and you of all people helped me to pull it out, now I'm thinking more clearly, I think on my own, as if you placed a spell on me. It’s almost like magic. My wife even noticed me acting different. I’m not shocked at your meekness either, I’m sure your parents are very proud of you. I told my wife the other day, if we had kids I would wish for a son like you.                                                                               Todd with a confused look on his face flipped the page, and said: Thank You Sir. As he flipped another page he noticed a picture of mosaic artwork, he sat up and said to Leon, do you know anything about these mosaics? (With a renewed interest in his voice) Leon leaned forward and looked, he replied: I know a little about them, they were something of a hobby to the Jewish people, hold on I’ve got another book somewhere with more pictures and information on them, as Leon got up, he asked: Do the mosaics interest you?                                                               Todd replied: Yes I’m intrigued by the designs.     Leon said: I wouldn’t expect anything less of you. As he pulled a book down and says: Here it is. He brought it to the table and gave it to Todd,                             Todd replied: Thank You. Leon asked: Are you sure you won’t have a drink with me?                                   Todd replied: You know what, I think I will.           Leon said: Only in the belly is fine liquor any good, while he pours up two more rounds...  Monett, sneaky as a fox; was peering into a crack on the edge of the opened door, she had been listening to them go on for 15 minutes. She remembered what Leon said about the younger man, she knew Leon wanted a son but he couldn’t produce any children. She had joy inside that Leon had found a friend whom he looked at like a son. She wondered to herself how life would have been around the house if they had any children. As she was watching the two go on about uselessness in their books. She giggled and Leon heard her, she noticed him looking at the door, so she said: Anyone for dessert? (As she showed herself...) Todd said: No Thank You, the dinner was great and my stomach is full. Leon also refused, and then Monett knew Leon had indeed found a love for this young man, because Leon never turned down dessert. Ok; she replied on her way out, smiling all the while. As Todd was flipping through the book that Leon had pulled out, He noticed something familiar with one of the mosaics, He mentioned to Leon about the Halaka instrument that he purchased awhile back, one of the mosaics in the book looked something like one of the designs on the instrument. Leon seemed to have no knowledge of the instrument as Todd described it, they continued to chat about the mystery behind the whole Middle East, Todd asked: Why is it that, the whole civilization of the Egyptians seemed to have just disappeared off the face of the planet, with no records anywhere about them? Leon raised his eye brows and replied: That’s one of the wonders of the world. Todd said: I find it very strange that nobody around Egypt knew how to decipher the hieroglyphics, nobody anywhere, we know they were a wealthy and somewhat famous people, it just doesn’t make since to me. Leon agreed and suggested that Todd keep the book that he was looking at, Todd agreed getting up from his chair thanked him for the book and dinner and said he needs to get back to the hotel.                                                         The sun was setting and Todd was back at the hotel, looking through the book that Leon gave him. Todd noticed the mosaic that looked somewhat similar to the mosaic inlaid on the instrument he bought, he decided to call his Uncle Tommy and ask him if he knew anything about the mosaics, Uncle Tommy said he thought they are something to do with math, and that geometry was used to make them. But he wasn’t sure if that’s true. Todd decided to go to the local temple where the Jews go to on Friday eve. He found a gentleman in the parking lot, looking through his trunk of his car. Todd asked the man: Sir can I ask you a few questions about Jewish history, do you have time? The man replied: Yes if it doesn’t take too long. Todd proceeded to pull out the Halaka and the Jewish man was instantly drawn to the inlay as he asked: Where did you get this? Todd replied: On eBay auctions,                                 The Jew said: This probably should be in a Jewish museum somewhere as the maker of this was a famous man and it survived the holocaust....         Todd immediately asked: What do these mosaics mean? The Jewish man was not offering any more info only to say: How much would you take for this instrument?                                                                Todd replied: It’s not for sale Sir, I only want to find out about it. The Jewish man offered Todd 500.00 Todd laughed and said absolutely not Sir it’s not for sale. The Jewish man offered again 1,000.00                                                                   Todd replied while closing the case: No sir it’s not for sale. The Jewish man puts his hand on the case and offers 10,000.00!                                                         Todd shocked raised his eye brows and replied: Sir I appreciate your offers but I’m not interested in selling it for any amount.                                            The Jewish man said: Why are you so interested in an item you know nothing about?                          Todd replied: Sir once I fell in love with this instrument, I was determined I would spend whatever it took to obtain it, I didn't buy it to resell it.                                                                                     The Jewish man asked: Can I get your number? I’m sure the other member of our church would like to see this instrument maybe even make you a better offer, one that may change your mind. Todd replied; while writing down his phone number: Sir I don’t mind showing them this instrument but please let them know I'm not interested in the least bit in selling it.                                                                        The Jewish man smiled and replied: Money has a way of convincing people; we will see how much the committee would like to offer.                                 Todd shrugging his shoulders said: Sir Thank you so much for your time and the info you gave me, I'll be on my way now; while loading his instrument. Todd waved as he left. The Jewish man was astonished at the fact, this Anglo-Saxon wouldn't accept money for the instrument as he had always assumed money is what any man treasured most, so he convinced himself the right amount of money will change Todd’s mind.
  The following day, The Jewish man called, but Todd didn't answer, so the Jewish man left a message requesting that he call back at his earliest convenience. Todd was hesitant to return the call as he felt the only reason they were calling was to try to purchase the Halaka which Todd wasn't interested in selling for any amount, although he was intrigued as to why the Jewish man offered 10,000 and made insinuations to more in the event the others in his temple decided to make another offer. Todd wondered now just what had he purchased and why was this person so adamantly bent on buying it. Todd called his Uncle again informing him of the conversation with the Jewish man. His Uncle Tommy replied: You better hold on to it, it must be worth a lot of money. If he offered you 10,000 it must be worth a million. Laughing, But Todd was not amused; he was worried that the Jewish man will try to do something besides offer since he mentioned it should be in a museum. Tommy urged Todd to insure the instrument for 50,000 just in case something happened to it. Todd agreed and did so the following day.
   After suffering the bill for 50k worth of insurance on the instrument; Todd wondered if he should keep the instrument at the bank vault, rather than pay insurance on the instrument that will be kept at his home where thieves or fire could take it. But more so bothersome to Todd was the reality that the instrument he fell in love with was very special to the Jewish people who by the way were Todd's favorite people as Todd was raised a Christian and studied world religion. That’s when he found out that Christianity actually came from the Jewish Belief. Although Todd was raised as a Christian, he had converted to the Jewish belief.  Todd's Uncle Tommy called and said he has a friend at the local UNC University, he had spoke to him to see if he would meet with them to discuss the instrument, he had agreed to Friday afternoon, Todd had found two more messages on his phone from the Jewish man. Todd was highly anticipating the meeting just two days away, he had to leave early from work on Friday, to drive home three hours away in order to make the meeting with the professor. 
  Friday afternoon had came and Todd found himself a little uneasy about the mixed reactions he got from the Jewish man, He was anxious to meet the Professor from UNC, He picked up Uncle talk-a lot Tommy who chatted and nudged Todd’s arm every other word, which was a bit of a nuisance. Todd told Tommy: You don’t have you hit my arm to get my attention, I'm right here; I’ve only told you that 7 million times. But Tommy was an old dog with old habits that are hard to break and Todd knew it will never change. Nevertheless the drive ended at a long driveway to a beautiful house on Lake Wylie, N.C. Todd loved the water; his uncle had land on several lakes. They both had boats in which they traveled up and down Lake Wylie, Tommy said: We could’ve got here in our boats" Todd replied: I’d never chance putting this Halaka in a boat. The professor met them at the door, Tommy introduced them then he headed straight to the basement where he loved indulging in the professor’s collection of antiques. The professor known as Zack, offered his hand in the direction behind Tommy for Todd to follow, Zack asked Todd where he got the instrument, Todd replied: eBay, obviously for a steal of a deal, the guy didn’t even know what it was, he had purchased it when he cleaned out someone’s garage he got all the contents for his labor of cleaning it out and hauling it off. He had it listed as a zither/dulcimer, which it is close but no cigar.                                                                              Zack said: Set it here and let’s see what you've got, pointing to a table, Todd laid the oddly shaped case on the table and opened the latch. When Zack saw it’ his eyes popped wide open, and said: Holy cow, I've seen these in books but not with mosaic inlay. Looking even closer Zack said: These off white piece are more than likely ivory, this is absolutely incredible.                                                                Tommy overhearing Zack walked over and said: Well what do you think?                                                    Zack shaking his head replied: I'll be honest, I sure didn’t expect to see this, this is an absolute treasure for sure, judging by the looks its very old, it has the original case, its inlaid with ivory mosaics front and back, whoever owned this was very important and wealthy. And so are you Todd, now that you’re the owner.                                                                          Todd smiling said: lol I'm neither wealthy nor important but I'm happy I decided to buy it, I've spent hours upon hours looking it over with a magnifying glass, and can you tell me why the Jews made mosaics? Zack looked close at the inlay said: Well there are many ideas but nothing has been confirmed to my knowledge. Todd pointed to the inlay and told Zack he noticed a peculiar pattern in the inlay as it has thousands of small pieces with different colors, but if you count them they are not consistent for some reason, as a whole it makes a beautiful mosaic, but why with such a intricate design would they not keep the colors in sequence? Zach looked closer for a few moments and said: Yes I see what you mean; one would miss that had they not of paid close attention, very interesting.                             Tommy (with a “don’t care” attitude) said: Tie a dollar to it and throw it in the lake, you can say you lost something. (Laughing out loud) Zack smiled at Tommy and replied: That is incredible Tommy you guys have no idea what you have do you?                                                                    Tommy laughing said: Crap, the clown spent over 600.00 dollars on it and didn’t even know what it was. Todd smiled all the while.                                Zack said: He wouldn’t have got hurt, had he spent 6 thousand on it.                                                           Todd smiled even bigger responded: Please just tell me what the Hebrew writing inside says. Zack grabs a flashlight and magnifying glass to see as he didn’t even know there was any writing inside. Zack after reading the writing said: Let’s see let’s look this up" grabbing a laptop from his desk, he turned it on and did a search in the UNC database related to the writings he found, after about 15 minutes of chatter between Tommy and Todd about Zacks’ collection of antiques, Zack says: Ok this guy Ehud Shemer built this Halaka and his work with mosaics is world renowned, you've probably struck gold with this. Todd feeling overzealous replied: Alleluia, Zack can you tell me what you think it's worth?                                   Zack said: Todd that’s really hard to say because in the right setting at the right auction, this thing could be literally worth millions. Tommy’s unclipped eyebrows flew up to a very high arch with the quickness. Then said: What did you say? (Looking at Todd) he said: Boy I told you the sun shines even on a peasant once and awhile. (They all break out in a laugh) Tommy continued gloating; I told you don’t let it get away when you were bidding on it’. Todd replied: I just liked the design I've never seen one of these, I had no clue what it was, nor the value.    Zack replied: It's obvious that the guy didn’t know what it was, and you're lucky somebody that did know hadn’t run across it while it was up for bid. “This calls for a drink, boys”.                                                                  Tommy said: You know I don’t drink anymore. Todd replied: Yea let’s do it.                                                         Zack asked: What will you have Todd?                      Todd replied: Whatever you're having.


                              









                               The Introduction 
As Zack was pouring the drinks, he told the guys he would like to spend some quality time looking over the sequence of the mosaics; that Todd had pointed out. Todd had no objection Tommy however, was older and liked to be home by dark. So Todd said he could take his car if he wanted, he would call his wife for a ride later when Zack had finished looking over the Halaka. Tommy replied: Ok I'll leave shortly. 
   Zack however was most interested and this had Todd even more excited, Todd showed Zack the sequences he had noticed, and Zack agreed; there had to be a reason why the designer would use different colors every so many pieces, it literally has thousands of pieces. The design was very complicated it just didn’t make since that the designer would use different colors in different orders. After awhile Zack called a friend from the university professor Livingston which is known as the math guru. Zack proceeded to inform the math professor about the Halaka and the fascinating design. Professor Livingston told Zack to take photos and send them to him on the phone, Zack wasted no time taking the photos, telling Todd: Let’s send these now he’s kind of interested. We don’t want to keep him waiting. Todd agreed and kept drinking the fine bourbon that Zack had opened. While waiting on a response from Livingston. Zack examined the Halaka with his magnifying glass to great length. The phone rang  it was professor Livingston, Zack put the phone on speaker mode so Todd could hear, Livingston proceeded to tell them he was very pleased to have the pictures, also that the mosaics do insinuate some mathematical sequence but with the photos it’s hard to make out for sure if. However he would be most interested in looking further into the matter if they could find a suitable time to gather and study the Halaka in person. Todd immediately said: Sure. 
Zack replied: Yes let’s do it here, what time is good for you? 
Livingston replied: How about tomorrow afternoon? Todd shook his head yes Zack responded: Yes that’s good for both of us, you name the time we will be here waiting for you
Livingston said: I'll be over around 2:00 pm.         Zack replied: That will be great; we will look forward to seeing you, goodbye.
 Zack then told Todd: If he wants to come this quickly he has found something that interest him for sure, I've never known him to get excited. (With a short giggle) Todd told Zack he had better call his wife to come pick him up, 
Zack replied: Todd I'm sure glad I got to meet you and this Halaka is just what we've been missing, some excitement around here.
Todd replied: Thank you sir, I appreciate your help I will see you tomorrow. Zack closed the case on the Halaka and they finished off the last of the bottle with simple small talk until Kathy arrived to pick up Todd, leaving Todd said again: Thank you for your hospitality,                                                                   Zack replied: The privilege is all mine.
    Once on the road, Kathy asked Todd: Well don’t keep me waiting, what did he say? 
Todd replied: Honey I really don't know exactly what it's worth but Zack said it was worth a lot, he called his friend another professor from UNC, he is coming over tomorrow to look at it.
Saturday morning arrived and Todd was up brewing some coffee anxiously awaiting the meeting after lunch, and like clockwork talk-a lot Tommy called at the crack of dawn. It was the normal Saturday Morning pre-yard sale chat. Tommy was ready to roll, he was somewhat of a hoarder; he would buy something even if he didn’t need it. Just so he would have some kind of bragging rights. Todd taunts Tommy as he told him; it supposed to rain hard all day. Tommy has heard that scare tactic before so it doesn’t bother him at all. He joked back with: I've got my water boots on, insinuating he was going scouting the goods regardless. Tommy asked Todd; how it went last night with Zack, 
Todd responded: Well he called another professor at UNC and he is going over today to Zacks at 2:00" 
Tommy said: Let me know what they come up with" 
Todd responded: Ok, be careful out there today. 
Tommy replied: Ok bye.

     It was 2:00pm and Todd was pulling into Zacks drive and he noticed several cars parked that weren't there the day before. Zack was standing outside flagging Todd to the front of the house where he has saved a spot for Todd up close to the house. Todd parked and opened the trunk as Zack was walking up to the car, he waved and told Todd Buddy we got a house full of very prominent people wanting to see the actual Halaka as Livingston has been on the phone and sharing the photos with our colleagues, a lot of discussion is going on inside already, Todd a little nervous asked how many Jews are in there? Zack replied: None that I know of why? Todd told him about the adamant Jewish man offering to buy the Halaka. Zack assured Todd; that he and his colleagues had no intentions of pressuring him to sell. Todd felt better and made a move toward the house. Zack sensed Todd's nervousness reassured Todd with: Son I've known your uncle for 50 years I'd never let anyone hassle you in my house, be assured you are the guest here today! 
Todd replied: Thank you, that makes me feel better. Once inside Zack introduced Todd to his colleagues, there are 7 in the room including Todd and Zack. They have prepared the table with stools surrounding where Todd placed the Halaka. 
Zack said: Todd before you open the case, can you tell everyone how you obtained the instrument?" 
Todd answered: Sure, I bought it on EBay with auction bid, and I was very nervous as the minutes were winding down, I wanted it really bad, why I don’t know; I just fell in love with the design of both the instrument and the mosaic inlay. After looking at the pictures and searching the instrument to no avail, I was very nervous that I hadn’t set my high bid high enough to win at the last few seconds. But I got lucky and won for a total of just over 600.00." Then Todd opened the case and all heads were leaning in and all eyes were feasting on the instruments design and inlay. Chat began like old ladies at bingo.

    Todd stepped back, Zack joined him as they head straight to the bar, Zack said: I'm fixing you a drink you need to calm down and relax buddy. Todd nodding his head agreed. Zack informed Todd about the guys sitting at the table, the guy measuring the Halaka is a math professor, the guy writing notes is a physics professor, the guy on the left of him counting pieces is a science professor, the guy on his left is a history professor, the elder in the middle is the Dean of UNC. 
Todd said: Wow professor Livingston must've saw something on those photos important enough to get all these guys together overnight. 
Zack chuckled and replied: They were all at the golf course this morning for a 18 hole round at lunch is when Livingston told them about the Halaka and the 2pm meeting. They all wanted to join him as we professors are always aggressively seeking something new. They ask to join Livingston he didn’t ask them.
Todd said: O I see.                                                     Meanwhile the history professor Hathaway is flipping through a rather thick book he brought, he finds the Halaka in one book but none have inlay mosaics in them. He tells the others the history and origin of the instrument, which in modern history shows the majority were made in Syria or Egypt.                                                       Professor Livingston announced he researched the instrument last night on the internet but couldn't find one single source with mosaic inlay, the history professor Hathaway replied: The Jewish people were known for putting mosaics on a lot of different surfaces, maybe the designer/builder of this Halaka just done this one special for himself or someone he knew. It had to take a long time to do the mosaic. I can’t see anyone mass producing this back in their time. They all agreed. Todd grinned and said to Zack I love how you intelligent folk all agree and that makes it a fact, Zack spits his drink out laughing as he knows exactly what Todd meant. 
   Soon afterwards the history professor Hathaway nudged the math professor and proclaimed a conspiracy: I may be jumping the gun here, but from my recollection all of the previous mosaics I’ve seen the patterns do not change colors unless they are in a certain sequence, these colors change out of sequence and its obvious from the pattern it is intentional. Todd interrupted with: I've studied the sequence enough to tell you the pattern I’ve found in each sequence is a binary number of skips or a Fibonacci sequence. The math professor immediately started counting, the other professors joined in with their pointing devices, each came to the same conclusion; “He’s right! Professor Livingston still counting and jotting on the scrap paper, aggressively said: Come on (still counting) Come on, then the Dean said: What is it? Livingston (holding up his finger-meaning hold on) finished counting again he stood up and said: You’re not going to believe this, but the sequence does have Fibonacci and binary sequences. Look as you count the red colors they skip until they land on a golden ratio. Everyone leaned in and started counting again, and the blue was binary.
    Livingston stepped back and said: Zack I think I need a drink too. Shaking his head with a puzzled but interested look on his face; what could that mean, there’s no way that’s an accident. He downed the first drink and said: Make the next one a double. 
Todd laughed and said: See I'm not crazy; Professor Livingston had the same look in his eye; that I've had since I noticed the sequence.                         Livingston replied: You have a keen eye, because I didn’t even notice that.                                            Todd then responded: Well I've got to admit I've been looking at it for roughly 12 hours or so longer than you guys, in all fairness it’s so fascinating to look at, until you just wouldn’t think to count them right away because you’re taken back by the sheer man hours it took to make the mosaic. I wouldn’t be surprised if there is close to a half million pieces in that mosaic. 
Livingston said: We need to know how many pieces are in total, start to organize a spreadsheet of each color sequence, and build a graft chart indicating the flow of colors. The other professors all agree as some are still counting colors, each counting a different color come up with the same thing either binary or the golden ratio as a sequence, Livingston is amazed, he asks Todd: Where did you go to college? 
Todd replied: Duke University, if you’re wondering how I knew about the golden ratio. 
Livingston said: That’s exactly what I was getting to. Livingston walks back to the Halaka and asked: What do you guys think? (Over the low chatter they have going) 
The History buff Hathaway said: 99% of these pictures in this book of mosaics do not show colors out of sequence, that’s about all I know, I do find it most interesting that the color sequence is different in this arrangement, and that the number of skips are similar to several major mathematical sequences. I don’t know what to think of that, that’s your field. (Chuckling) the other professors agreed with him. 
The Dean Dr. Schneider asked Todd: Do you mind bringing this by the University and let our photographer get HD photos? 
Todd replied: No sir I see no harm in that, what day is good for you?                                                            The Dean Replied: Anytime during the week before 3pm, call to make sure you don’t waste a trip (handing him a card) I've got to go guys, the wife is no doubt wondering where I am by now. He turned back toward Todd (extended his hand for a handshake) and told Todd: Thank you; for letting us look at your instrument; it is very nice, I look forward to seeing you when you bring it to the University.
Todd replied: Thank You sir, but the honor is all mine. Two of the professors got up and announced they must be leaving also, (everyone was chatting and shaking hands as they left. They made sure to assure Todd, that they enjoyed seeing his instrument) meanwhile Zack and Livingston were back at the table looking the Halaka over once again,  Todd walked back to the table and sat for awhile and listened to the chatter. Back and forth each making incremental discoveries, two hours had passed, the three of them had slowly gotten a little tipsy, Tommy called for the ninth time Todd just ignored the vibration as he had done for the past few hours, 
Livingston downed another drink, and asked Todd: Is it for sale?
Todd replied: No sir, I'm not hurting for money and selling is the last thing on my mind 
Livingston said: Not even for 10,000? 
Todd said: lol nope I've already turned that one down,
Livingston came back with: 20,000.00 
Todd looks at Zack and replied: No sir, not in the least bit interested. 
Zack interrupted and said: Let’s just assume it’s not for sale. Looking at Livingston (giving him a pat on the back) 
Livingston replied: I can see why you feel in love with it, it is mesmerizing after awhile, almost hypnotic. 
Zack agreed and said: Says lets have another drink.
Livingston replied: I'm jealous, out of all the items I've collected in my days, I've never found anything that interesting in my life (with a subtle laugh included) they head to the bar and Todd closed the case on the Halaka to hinder anymore offers from Livingston. 
Zack said: I think Todd knows how lucky he is, his uncle told me he hasn’t stopped talking about it since the day he got it, like it has a magical spell on him or something" (laughing) Todd just smiled like a possum and responded: You got that right. After several drinks and chatting endlessly about the Halaka, Todd called Kathy for a ride home. Zack and Livingston continued to chat after Todd left; Zack asked Livingston what he thought about Todd's instrument.
Livingston replied: I wish to hell he would sell it to me, I’m fascinated by the design, and the math sequence is most interesting." 
Zack responded saying: Yes it is, we need something new to study, and we will have the photos after Todd lets the University photographer take photos. So it’s the next best thing to owning it. 
Livingston replies: you’re right at least he's nice enough to let us photo it in detail. 
Zack said; yes indeed. Livingston was tipsy and asked Zack if he could take a nap before he left, Zack of course said yes most definitely. Zack scrambled to get his friend the necessary items for the couch in the basement, Livingston was asleep before Zack returned; laughing Zack covered Livingston and slipped a pillow under his grey head of hair. 

   The next day talk-a lot Tommy called Zack: What the hell? Todd said ya'll offer him a million dollars and he turned them down. 
Zack chuckled and responded: Tommy if I hadn’t stepped in and saved Todd, the drunken professors might have driven up the offer to a million, they really enjoyed investigating the Halaka, but Todd made it clear it was NOT for sale." 
Tommy said: He’s as stubborn as a mule, if I were him I would've sold it for 10,000 on the first offer. But I guess; to each his own.  
Zack responded: It is quite unique I don’t blame him for keeping it. Meanwhile back at Todd's house he and his wife Kathy were going over the Halaka with a magnifying glass and jotting down sequences, after several hours the baby girl Libby was making so much noise Todd closed the case and announced: It’s time to go to the park, Kathy agreed. Off they went for an afternoon with Libby at the park. Todd and Kathy sat on the bench watching Libby as she played on the different rides at the park talking about his next adventure out of town on another power plant, Kathy only waited for Libby to grow up so she could go with Todd on the road. She hated Todd being away from home so much, as did Todd. Tommy called for the fourth time but Todd ignored the ring, he rarely got to spend quality time with his family. Todd told Kathy that he wouldn't be working out of town too long this time; he would be back with the family soon. But still the thought of Todd being away always made Kathy sad; she told Todd she wished the economy would regain strength so he could find a good paying job close to home. Todd assured her; it will soon. After the trip to the park Todd swung by the local ice cream shop, and they headed home after a fun afternoon.
  Later that night Todd was looking over the Halakah, with hundreds of digits wrote down in sequence, Todd had acquired quite a host of numbers that meant absolutely nothing to him at all. Baffled as to their meaning Todd took a break and helped Libby surf the web for a new phone cover, after finding a pretty pink zebra print cover Libby cheered for joy. Todd made the purchase and decided to surf for mosaics. After reading a few pages he decided to look it up on YouTube, which was not exactly your best resource for reliable information, but nevertheless endless reading was tiresome so Todd watched a few videos about mosaics but nothing seemed to be pertinent. On the right side of the screen however was the suggested site area, where YouTube included sites that might be relevant. Todd surfed the suggested sites menu, after several videos, he stumbled across a video of archeology and mosaics. The video related the design of mosaics to that of test done with sound and frequencies, making designs out of sand on a flat piece of wood and a loud speaker below playing different notes. The sand moved into patterns as the notes changed the sand changed designs. Although no connection had been verified, it did seem interesting how the designs of the sand look very similar to the designs of the mosaics. Todd took another look at the Halaka, Todd spoke to himself; huh this is too weird. 
When Kathy overheard Todd she asks: What is it? 
Todd responded: Oh nothing, just more speculation. As he closed the case to the Halaka, he was tired once again he finally went to bed. As Todd slept he had a dream it was a weird dream as most were, he found himself in a cave with writings of a foreign language on the walls.
  And pictures sort of like hieroglyphics looking through them all he found a picture of a harp being played by someone, the person was looking at what appeared to be a sheet of music notes, the notes on the sheet were symbols sort of like small mosaic designs and then the dream ended. The same night, he had another dream, this time he found himself in an old closed down school. He was walking through the building, he found an old man who seemed to live there. Todd asked him if he could help him find his way out of there, He felt lost with all the different hallways leading to so many different directions. 
The old man said: Sure if you will follow my lead I’ll take you to where you want to go. 
Todd replied: Let’s do it. However the old man walked very slow and was in no hurry whatsoever, Todd seemed to be in a bit of a hurry as most people do when lost, but it mattered not to the old man who only moved like a snail. While walking; the old man asked Todd where he was going.
Todd responded: I don’t know I’m lost.                    The old man said: where do you want to go? 
Todd answered: Home I guess.                                  The old man said: ok follow me. 
Todd answered: Ok lol I don’t have much of a choice. The old man said to Todd: what are you looking for? 
Todd responded: I don’t know.
The old man said: One is truly lost if they don’t know where they are or what they are looking for, how did you get here? 
Todd responded: Sir I don’t know. 
The old man said: Son you were looking for something and you got lost looking, I'm here to show you how to get back to where you were, tell you what you’re looking for and how to find it.
Todd said: Sir I sure appreciate it.
The old man replied: You are in an old school where nobody abides; you are looking for answers, right? Just then the old man stops and points to the room on the right, Todd looked inside the room, it was a music room with old instruments lying around everywhere, the chalkboard had music notes drawn on it with letters over them as one would expect to see if taking beginners course. 
Todd said: This is so cool, why did all the students leave their instruments? 
The old man responded: They just abandoned them like they did the school.
 Todd asked: why? 
The old man said: Oh someone built a new school with new instruments and the students all ran away to the new school, as he starts walking again.
 Todd replied: Ok after 5 min and 13 feet, the old man stopped again and pointed to the room on the left, as Todd looked in he saw papers on the desk and letters on the chalkboard as if it were a language class, Todd turned and asked what’s this room? 
The old man said: That’s where the students learned their language. He turned back and walked back to the first room and pointed into it again. Todd looked in but this time the classroom had the letters DMT on the chalkboard, and the desks had papers on them. Todd turned and the old man was walking away, following                                                           Todd asked: What was that all about?                     The old man said: hang on a minute, when they got back to the room they had just left, the old man pointed back into the room, Todd looked inside now this room had the instruments and the chalkboard had music notes on it. Todd looked at the old man asked: What does all this mean?                               The old man turned and said: come on. Now the old man was walking faster.
He told Todd: Son things on this earth appear to be something in one dimension and another in a different dimension. When we looked into the first classroom you saw through 2 dimensional eyes, when we went back you saw through 4 dimensional eyes. Nothing was moved or changed only you yourself changed them by looking at them with a different perspective. 
Todd confused asked: What does all this mean? Approaching a doorway leading outside the old man turned and looked at him.                                          Todd astonished asked: Sir how did you do that? You look like you are my age now.
The old man now young replied: Son we are not at all what we seem, this time you looked at me with 4th dimensional eyesight, the first time you looked at me with 2 dimensional eyesight you chose which dimension to look at me, as in the rooms. I did nothing to change anything here its merely the way things are, and there’s a whole lot more where that came from, if you ever decide to come back; as he points to the outside insinuating the way home. Todd said: Wait a minute please, I don't want to leave; I want you to tell me more. The old now young man replied: Son there is plenty of time for you to learn as I am older than the dirt this school is built on, you come back and see me when you're ready, we will talk more then. 
Todd replied: Sir thank you so for your kindness, I want to come back I'll be back as soon as I can if I can find this place again.                                            The old now young man said: You know your way somewhat now, I'll be here when you come back, if you get lost I'll direct you again. Then Todd bowed to the old now young man and when he raised his head the old now young man had disappeared, but Todd heard his voice drifting away saying you are in the school of Melchezidec. Then as Todd turned he woke up.

  In the days that followed Todd was studying the Halaka, constantly counting and recording sequences, every once and awhile he tried to play the instrument. But for some reason he noticed blurring in his vision when the Halaka made a sound. He didn’t know why his vision was blurry he had better than average eyesight. On Tuesday Todd took the Halaka to the University in North Carolina for photographs. Once the Dean got wind that Todd had arrived he was making his way to the lab where the photos were being taken, suddenly all the professors that were at Zacks house had appeared in the photo lab, as if a major event was taking place. The Dean was most observant to the aspiration of the professors. He asked Todd to entertain the professors with another look at the Halaka before he left. Once again the collaboration between the professors’ reached a utopia when the bell sounded the whole gang wrapped up the discussion as if they all had a habitual subconscious thinking it was time to go! Todd hastily closed the case to the Halaka and headed out the door, when Dean Schneider thanked Todd for bringing in the instrument for photos. Todd replied; ‘’nodding his head’’ The pleasure is all mine, Thank You. 
   Nearly two months went by with Todd obsessing over the numbers in the mosaic, when one day he received a call from UNC, the Dr. Mathews told Todd he had obtained a passion with the photos at the University and wondered if he could come by and have a look in person at the instrument, with no objection Todd invited him over at his convenience. The following afternoon Dr. Mathews arrived with his camera, he told Todd: The photographer took good photos for someone looking at an instrument, but not close enough to clearly make out the order of the mosaic, he and the other professors have been chatting about over coffee. I've heard that you noticed a peculiar order of colors and sequences. Todd replied: Yes and it’s about to drive me crazy Dr. Mathews said he knew the feeling as he had always had an obsession for astronomy, where there’s no end to research. Upon closely viewing the Halaka Dr. Mathews told Todd: It is definitely a Jewish mosaic design. Todd told the Professor he’s recorded several sequences but had no idea if or what it could mean. The Doctor replied: In mosaics you have to have a proper sequence or the final picture of the mosaic will not look right. Todd shrugging agreed to some extent, nodding his head. The Dr. told him: However I do see what you mean about the colors of the very small pieces, not really playing a big role in the overall look. Nor do they really need to be used in the type mosaic that was made. Maybe the person didn’t have enough ivory pieces so he used colored pieces to make up for the lack of white ivory. Todd again shook his head to agree; anything could be possible Todd replied...the Dr. said:  I won’t take up anymore of your time; I've got plenty of close-ups now we can have something to clearly look at while chatting over coffee at the University. Todd told him: Thank you for coming by. The Dr. said: No Thank You, this Halaka has been the talk of the school since professor Zack first told us about it. Then when some of the other professors saw it, it really has been a fuss. Shaking Todd’s hand and thanking him once again the Dr. is on his way. 
   Todd closed the door; spoke to himself; something tells me there’s more to this color sequence than just a coincidence. How could someone spend this much time to make such a beautiful mosaic, run out of white chips? It just doesn't make since. Again he was looking and counting and recording the sequences. Kathy came in and asked how things went with the Dr. Mathews? Todd replied: It went well, but he doesn't seem to know anything pertinent, just curious like the rest of us. Todd got online to learn more about mosaics, surprisingly there wasn’t much about them other than pictures. The sources weren’t much more than convoluted, as if there was some big secret or either nobody knows much about them. Remembering the conversation he had with the old boss about how the Egyptians of old just disappeared into thin air, and nobody around them knew how to decipher the hieroglyphics, he thought maybe it is possible that not much information is known about them, other than they are highly complicated geometric tessellations. Either way another obvious waste of time and Todd was getting aggravated with the mosaic inlay altogether. He decided it was time to take a break.
   Two nights later, when Todd fell asleep he started to dream, he was wondering through a beautiful tropical forest. When he came to an open field he saw a huge castle, he made his way to the castle where he crossed a bridge. Once in the middle of the bridge, a woman appeared in the distance in the fog drifting up from the water below. Who when close she took his hand and walked him inside to a library as big as a city, he asked her: Where am I?  She told him: You are at the school of Melchezidec. My name is Eyavahna; you have been searching endlessly, and have caught the attention of the appointed angel who looks over this corner of the earth. Since you have chosen to try to keep the commandments and constant repentance, you have been found worthy to know the hidden wisdom. 
Todd asked her: What have I been searching for? 
She replied: For the same answers everyone wants to know, but they have not lived a life of charity and love for the Creator, and kept his Commandments, so they will not partake of the tree of knowledge. Nor eat of the tree of life. 
Todd asked: Wait I thought the tree of knowledge was off limits. 
She replied: It is to those that don’t keep his commandments, so is the tree of life. 
Todd asked; why was it off limits to Adam and Eve? she replied: There was no knowledge to know at the time of their arrival, the Creator provided all things for them, they had no need for knowledge only obedience, but Eve didn’t like being separated from Adam at night, all the male animals slept on the east side of the garden with Adam, and the females all slept on the west side of the garden with Eve.
    When the serpent approached Eve he played on her emotions and her love for Adam, telling her if she ate from the forbidden fruit, she would not have to sleep away from Adam anymore, ironically he didn’t lie when he said that. When they were kicked out of the garden, she slept with Adam every night afterwards. Once they had eaten of the tree of knowledge they fornicated and corrupted all the animals in the same instance, immediately afterwards they covered themselves with leaves. Not only were they ejected from the garden, all the animals were also. They as well fornicated upon seeing Adam and Eve doing the intimate deeds of fornication. 
  Todd asked her for her name again, and she told him; Eyavahna. Todd asked her: Why is there only one book in a library of this size? She replied: Mortals only need one book; this book is merely a test go ahead see for yourself. Todd opened the book but there are only two pages inside the book, 
One page has; we us our are is is am am art art even even" 
The other page has; them they their were was is is, is as as as our our our art art art are are are odd. 
She told Todd: This is a two edged sword and the blind only see one edge, what did you see? 
Todd replied: I saw two. 
She asked Todd: Which do you understand? 
Todd replied: Both, 
She said: Souls that have walked the earth and have seen the light, see both edges. They have tasted of the tree of knowledge. Souls that have not seen the light but may have tasted of the tree of knowledge only see one side."
She then took Todd by the wrist and walked him to another room where the walls and ceiling have a panoramic view of the universe,
She pointed to a constellation called Ursa Minor, there abides more living being inhabitants, they are far more advanced in common knowledge than the beings on earth. They came from earth as beings and found their way to a planet that circles the sun known as Polaris.
  Todd asked: How did they get to that planet? 
She told him: They had eaten from the tree of knowledge and saw the light, then found a way to travel through the universe. 
Todd asked her: What do you mean?                       She replied:   There are thousands of planets through the universes that inhabit living beings some of which are less advanced technologically and some are more advanced. As she pointed to other constellations she pinpointed in particular and zoomed in on a certain constellation called perseus here is a major intergalactic crossroad like a major airport on earth, only its’ much bigger than you can imagine. Todd asked her: Please tell me how they travel. She told Todd: I can guide you in the right direction, I can give you small amounts of knowledge, but you will have to take each bite and digest it slowly, as too much knowledge at once is a counterproductive and causes lack of balance, with knowledge must come understanding as well. Too much knowledge without understanding is as bad as no knowledge at all. So we will take this slow and you will understand all that you learn. Todd then asked her what part of what she told him did he not understand; that would cause her to stop answering his questions. 
She replied: As with anything going into a body it must have time to digest. Or else risk harm due to overload. 
At this moment Todd woke up. Frustrated Todd tried to fall back asleep as soon as possible but to no avail. Todd got up and wrote down everything he could remember. The next day Todd was reading over his notes from his dreams, and he scratched his head and thought; (if she doesn’t explain to me how they travel I'll never figure it out alone, then he thought well that’s just like a dream, be so interesting but just when it gets good it ends.)
He was curious about the names of the constellations she spoke of; he had no knowledge of astronomy whatsoever. So he decided to look them up on the internet and sure enough they were spelled different than Todd thought, but there they were just like the dream. He got cold chills and threw down the paper and ran to tell his wife about the craziness. Kathy as usual just looked at him like he was crazy, because she couldn’t even remember her dreams much less believe anything can come of them. But she did believe in psychics. Todd laughed at her when she was all involved in her TV shows about psychics talking to the dead. But Todd had second guessed himself after talking to people in his sleep. But there’s no way Todd would believe in those fake psychics out to make money. Todd wondered back to his couch and thought about all the stuff that had been going on. Kathy came into the room and looked at Todd and told him he looked stressed out.
Todd replied: I feel like every since the day I stroked the strings on that Halaka the first time, it has had a curse on me. I can’t find any real answers but I feel like there are answers to be found. I'm not sure why.

                                  


                                 The Dreams
  When Todd fell asleep, he fell into another dream. This time he was in a carnival, he came to a booth that had a fortune teller, she announced to Todd it was time for her to take a break and he was welcome to come into the back with her. Once Todd walked through the curtains he found himself in a room made of crystal walls with a silver floor, the furniture was framed with solid gold and decorated with precious stones, the cushions on the seats were very fluffy and covered in silk. Todd asked the woman: Why is this place so beautiful on the inside and looks like crap on the outside?                                  The woman replied: This resembles the world, most are very beautiful on the inside but rough and ugly on the outside, everything you see in your sleep is real but only then will you see with your third eye, the sub conscience is not allowed to see when your eyes are open. When you dream you can see the world in other dimensions,                                      Todd asked her: Why can’t we see with our eyes open?                                                                              She responded: It’s the law of the universe, only those who have advanced to the upper echelon have the understanding and the power granted to see the other dimensions with their eyes open. Which have only been a select few chosen until this time, among all the planets that inhabit living beings. Todd asked: How many other planets are there?                                                                             She replied: Literally millions.                                  Todd asked: Can you show me?                                 She said: Yes of course, we are here to show you things you may want to know. She took Todd’s hand and told him to close his eyes, when he does she walked Todd into another room where everything appeared as colors either light or dark, even with his eyes closed he saw everything as a light or a dark matter. She told him as they ascended into a tunnel of light surrounding them, we will now travel to the edge our creation that EYA has allowed us to travel. This is the boundary of living beings, it is 700 billion light years away from earth, yet in only a matter of 30 seconds they had arrived, dashing through a tunnel with lights whizzing by so fast everything just looked like a tunnel that is illuminated.                 Todd asked: How is it possible for us to be here so fast?                                                                                She replied: Through doors and windows of space, it’s just like when you walk in the front door of your house and go out the back door, you have went through the space instead of going around it. It is much quicker if you use the holes, they are compared to walking verses flying in time travel.                                                             Todd asked: How does this work?                                She replied: It is only achieved by those that have the hidden knowledge, it is not easy to obtain this knowledge; it has been hidden to those on earth. Because the forefathers of Egypt misused the power they were given, therefore the tree of knowledge was cut off from them.                                             Todd asked: Can you please explain how we can travel through time like she has done.                                She responded: It’s very easy once you know the rules of the laws that govern everything. The first rule is you must learn the laws that cannot be broken, before you learn the laws that are privileged.                                                                    Todd anxiously said: Please do tell.                            She replied: First the rules of boundary are not to be broken; there is no forgiveness by EYA. Although there is a reward for breaking the laws, it’s in the dark world that those that disobey get their rewards. They become the leaders over a planet for in their power is given them to manage the lost in darkness and those who have negative vibrations attract the attention of the darkness, they will inherit all sorts of downfalls, like lack of knowledge being the worst, bad health, bad luck miserable lives to live. It is the laws of the universe, humans chose their own destiny.                                                      Todd asked: Please explain how one can obtain the knowledge that you speak of.                                    She replied: Partaking in the tree of knowledge is not a instant effect, but one that reacts as a seed, once you’ve tasted of the fruit your mind will begin to evolve, if you continue to partake of the tree of knowledge and you have kept the laws of the commandments of EYA, you will begin to use more DNA, only then will your mind be able to comprehend the knowledge that is given, you may see it, but not fully understand it, until the mind has grown enough to release the correct amount of amino acids to fully activate your minds DNA potential.                                                                     Todd asked: Who is this EYA you speak of?                She replied: That is the sacred name of the creator, it has been convoluted by the worst of mans traditions on the planet you live on, but it still abides through all of creation ALLELU-EYA. It will never change. It is universal throughout all the planets, and even in the places you know as the Heavens. It used to be given to the names of your forefathers, I will give you a few examples EYA-SHUA, was known as EYASHUA or JOSHUA in the old times of earth. Also IsayEYA, JeremiEYA, ZachariEYA, NehimiEYA, ObidiEYA and EYArushalem / Jerusalem are only a few. There are many but the sacred name was hidden by rules of tradition and transliteration, letters can be changed as long as the sound stays the same. But some letters eventually took on other sounds; therefore the sounds today have caused the sacred name to become a hidden treasure. Which was given to everyone once upon a time, but the Fokine heart of man, EYAS fondest, had made himself traditions not to use, speak or write the sacred names. This in itself angered the great one, EYA cut them off from the tree of knowledge they have been wondering in the land of emptiness for quite some time now, EYA is very fond of mankind but will not tolerate the light being contaminated with darkness, EYA keeps a division between the two, and this is a law of the universe.                                                                 Todd asked her: What happened to the Egyptians on earth?                                                                             She replied: They were at one time keeping the commandments of EYA as they learned from the Jews of old. After the great famine they believed in the g-d of the Jews. EYA found great favor in their change of wickedness and allowed them to learn the knowledge, in which the Jews of old had possessed. Once they had partaken of the tree of knowledge, they learned the rules of gravity. This is how they were able to stack large heavy stones high in the air, to build the pyramids. Once they had achieved the knowledge to leave earth they thought themselves to be gods and taught their old wicked doctrine of Blood sacrifice to another planet. They had moved to another planet when EYA cut them off in the middle of travel one day, they all were lost in space. Nobody knows where they are to this day.                                                                          Todd asked her: What are the rules of gravity?      She replied: If you are granted the knowledge of the laws of the universe you will be taught by another, I cannot teach you the specifics of these laws, it is not my place. I am more like a kindergarten_ teacher; too much on a young mind is not conceivable. You will eventually learn all of these things, just be patient. As she grabbed Todd’s hand and walked him through another worm hole they dashed through a tunnel of light at super speeds where the light became a stream flowing light, with a sound of harmonic proportions. They came to a sudden but subtle stop at a galaxy named Eden. She told Todd: This is where one edge of the universe is, a boundary, EYA's creations are endless but this is where we stop, until the appointed time.                                                   Todd asked: How far are we from earth?                   She relied: Only 7 hundred and 32 trillion light years away.                                                                            Todd asked: So how far to the other side of our boundary?                                                                     She replied: That would be 22 hundred and 2 trillion light years of travel in one direction; it is only about 45 seconds in the wormhole.                                  Todd asked: What is this universe about?                   She replied: This civilization has far advanced knowledge as they travel with vehicles made to run using the molecules of the atmosphere. Their vehicles of travel differentiate positive particles and negatives to energize their engines, with no pollution and no noise. Their homes are dust free, their air and water is not polluted as they are not greedy people. They all barter for a living. This planet lives in total harmony, if anyone breaks a commandment they are deported to another planet, called planet of the apes which is on the other side of our universe. (West) also they do not break the laws of the universe like; too many buildings that are so big they cause the planet to wobble of course, out of balance and fall out of order with the rotation of their orbit. This is a problem for earth, which you will soon see because a whole string of catastrophic events to shake and tear those building down, until the universal gravity can pull earth back into its proper orbit.                                                               Todd interrupted: Excuse me, when exactly will this happen?                                                                         She replied: At the end of the year of 2012 the new season of earth will begin, it will be awhile before the devastation starts, but it will assuredly. 
Todd asked: What should we do?
She replied: All you can do is store food, water and seeds. Pray that EYA will have mercy on you, because it is what it is, and you cannot change that or else the earth would wobble so far off course. It would drift too far away from its sun, and every life form would become extinct so EYA has laws set to govern each planet and when those laws are broken, retribution is paid by proxy. 
Todd asked: Why didn’t mankind know not to build so many buildings in certain places, it’s almost unfair. 
She replied: Todd earth is under a dark curse for their lack of concern for the laws of their creator, darkness is guiding the land and there is no way the people can have light unless EYA shows them, now you and others may see light and try to warn the masses but they will not listen as they have never listened. But rest assured nature will take its course and the earth will be shook until those buildings fall down. The great shaking will take effect as on every planet that does not follow the laws of the universe. Floods, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, storms and fire will consume the manmade articles until the earth’s sphere is balanced. Once again man will not understand this, but it is the love of EYA that tears those buildings down to keep the earth inhabited.
Todd said: Wow this makes a lot of sense; I can’t understand why the brilliant engineers of earth haven’t thought this through before they built mega cities.
She replied: They never do, they think in small increments not on a global scale, the massive amounts of structure in wrong places act like little weights that cause a wheel to be out of balance when not positioned right. Anyhow it's time for this meeting to be over, goodbye until next time, just then Todd awakened.
  
    Todd was plucking the Halaka not paying close attention; he noticed the sequence of colors seemed to have a different order. He stopped stroking the strings and stared at the HALAKA, he felt like the instrument had a stronghold of some sort, almost as if it hypnotized him. He suddenly remembered what he learned in his younger years. (Hebrew writing goes from right to left) so he counted the colors backwards from the order he had previously counted, in straight rows the order was the same but when he changed rows the order changed, so he counted the rows backwards. Todd had his calculator out, punching in numbers faster and faster he shouted OMG that’s it. Where’s my phone? Kathy heard Todd screaming and came in a hurry and said: What’s wrong? 
Todd said: I've found something, I'm not sure what it means, but now the numbers add up to equal Fibonacci sequence all the way around in a order we have not been able to see. Now the different colors make some sort of code.... I'm sure of it. Look at the difference when you count them backwards 
Kathy said: Why would they put it together backwards? 
Todd told her: The designer of this instrument encoded it with Hebrew mosaics it’s coded from right to left, like their writing. 
She said: I didn’t know they write from right to left. Todd was dialing up Zack; he left a message as Zack doesn’t answer. Todd told him to call back ASAP! Todd continued to recount all the colors sequences and documented all the codes he possibly could, until Zack called back... Todd told Zack about the newest discovery. 
Zack was just as taken back as Todd was. He told Todd; this is exactly what we've been missing, let me phone Livingston as they have had a team of students trying to decipher any kind of code that there may be.  He wanted them to use the sequence in reverse and see what they come up with... Zack said: I'll call you back in a little while.
Todd replied: You know if they are using the English alphabet that maybe another fault we are making, tell them to try the Hebrew alphabet. Zack said: EXACTLY holy cow let me go, I'll call you right back.
  Zack called back one  hour later, he and Livingston were on a three way call; Get down here ASAP, you were right and the team is ecstatic, we are uncovering a whole pile of information, get down here while it’s happening. Todd replied: Ok I'm on my way. Flying out the door Todd yelled to Kathy: I'll be back honey {zoom} he stomped the gas and squealed the wheels tearing out of the driveway. During the drive Zack called back; Hurry the code is in Hebrew this is amazing the whole university is in here working on this.
Todd said: I can’t go any faster I'll get a ticket, but I'll be there in 5 minutes. Todd had long waited that moment; he knew there was something special about the designs, from the first time he looked at it on EBay...
  After arriving, Todd noticed Zack was waving at the front door yelling "park here, come on; Todd grinning from ear to ear was thinking; like what the heck? This is the handicapped parking spot; he slammed it in park and dashed through the doors as Zack led the way. He was telling Todd; how once they had the right alphabet and used the colors and numbers of letters against the Hebrew alphabet the words are flying out left and right, now is the first time we've had anything coherent.                                                                Todd asked: do we have enough deciphered to make a sentence?                                                                  Zack replied: Yes the first few sentences said 1.all knowledge comes from EYA, 2. only by keeping the commandments can one obtain knowledge of the universe, 3. all real mosaics have secrets for the chosen ones, and 4. Eucalyptus tea heals cancer.  We are working on the next sentence now. Todd said: Eucalyptus? 
Zack replied: Yes that’s how we know it’s not just coincidence, it is totally coherent! The word spread through the school like wildfire, everyone that had interest was now in the library printing copies of the photos to share as the lab was full of student and teachers but not enough photos to go around." 
Todd was shocked; he asked: Is it possible that eucalyptus can heal cancer? 
Zack replied: The scientist are already looking into it, the phones have been ringing off the hook since 5 min after we got that part deciphered. 
Todd said: You mean in less than 2 hours, the science dept has already started looking into eucalyptus leaves? 
Zack replied: Exactly we are all over new discoveries even if it is old science that was lost we want to know immediately. 
   When Todd walked in the lab Dr. Livingston was smiling and heading straight to him, he told Todd: This is the most excited I've seen this school in 25 years. Thank You very much for bringing this to us, the staff and the students are ecstatic. 
Todd replied: So am I, let’s see what they've got so far. Dr. Livingston introduced Todd to the staff and students and informed them that he is the lucky owner of the HALAKA; they immediately started chatting about the codes that they have broken so far. All the chat noise from the lab was soon well over 85 decimals, it was total cacophony. 
Todd told Zack; Let’s assemble a smaller team for us to work with and let the lab continue.  Zack agreed and picked a handful to join him and Todd as well as Dr. Livingston in the dean’s conference room. Todd pulled out his laptop where he had recorded the sequences of nearly 10,000 pieces on the HALAKA, somewhat organized so their team had a lot less to do when it comes to deciphering the codes. Once the students had the laptops all setup with digital photos to view, Todd let them know he had files saved on his laptop and will share them to cut down on the counting process, all they need to do is start at the bottom and go backwards for the Hebrew. Zack explained to Todd; how the student named Israel can read and speak Hebrew. And that had greatly increased the speed of translation, as before they were using Babel fish app. online to translate. 
Todd replied: That is great, I'm so excited, and this is like finding a treasure of gold on an archeology exploration dig. meanwhile Livingston was on the phone with the lab, or so Todd assumed it was the lab as he was discussing things they were doing, Israel announced the first new decipherment of the new team, it revealed "The Egyptians were last known to have moved to Ursa Minor where other humans were found by transporting through wormholes, a Jew named King Solomon had given the Egyptian King Nebti the blueprints to build a transporter. Which he did atop the pyramids, hence the serpent is crawling earth and the bird is flying. 
     Todd started building a new folder called; HALAKA elucidated. The dean was conveying the new info over the phone, half the room was on the phone as the newest code was broken, and Zack was ringing his hands with anticipation. The aura was a mix of perturbation and provocation.
  Once Todd read in detail the newest decipherment, he recollected the all the scholarly presumptions and he laughed out loud. Another hour went by and as Israel was working on the next few words; With antigravity devices the stones were lifted into place on the pyramids, circles of critically positioned magnets on a wheel spun against opposite pole magnets breaks the earth’s magnetic pull of gravity. That is when Dr. Livingston hung up and made another call. Todd also called his uncle talk-a lot Tommy, to inform him that his suspicions were correct. Tommy had no interest but was glad Todd was happy. Just as Todd was hanging up several black suits came in to Dr. Schneider’s office, they were Home Land Security agents, and they informed Todd that he will need to come with them. They were gathering all the pictures, laptops and any other items pertaining to the HALAKA. Zack whispered to Todd: I've got extra copies so don’t worry they will not get it all.  As Todd was leaving the room he noticed the ring on Dr. Livingston’s hand as he shook hands with one of the black suits. This told Todd exactly what was going on, he had been sold-out to the Illuminati by Dr. Livingston he also wore the ring. Todd immediately decided to text his wife Kathy and told her to get the HALAKA to a safe place and say that Todd had it the last time she saw it, if in fact the black suits come to his house. Kathy took the HALAKA to a neighbor’s house several houses down, Moneta was an elder that Todd adored and trusted so Kathy felt it would be safe with her.
   Meanwhile the black suits had confiscated all of the items pertaining to the HALAKA from the university, Mr. Smith the HS agent wanted to know where the HALAKA was, Todd told him; it is in my vette sitting in the parking lot. So they headed to Todd’s car where he opened the unlocked doors as Todd never locked his doors and Todd said: Well your agents have already taken it. The HS agents call on their radios to find out if anyone has the HALAKA, but to no avail. Todd said to the agent: It was in my car and I know one of your agents have it, nobody else even knows what it is, and it looks like an old piece of crap. Todd asked the agent Smith: Why are you taking all of my stuff? 
The HS agent Smith answered with: We need to make sure everything is safe for our country" 
Todd replied: How is a piece of wood with nylon strings going to harm our country? 
Mr. Smith said: Maybe it won’t but we will have to make sure, bare with us we will let you go as soon as we get all the necessary info from you. But we will need to get the instrument from you as well. 
Todd replied in an exasperated tone: You clowns took my instrument and now you’re acting like you don’t have it, so you won’t have to return it to me, I know how you are! Mr. Smith buys the act, and announced over the radio that someone on campus had the instrument; he put out an APB on the instrument. He asked Todd where he got the instrument; Todd informed him he bought it on EBay. Mr. Smith also ask how long has he had it and who did he buy it from, Todd informed him that he didn’t know who the person was but PayPal and EBay will have records they can research.
The black suits from HS had carried Todd to a remote location, unmarked and totally secluded, they interrogated Todd about the HALAKA as if he had committed a crime; he was subdued by his unexpected apprehension and confiscation of his belongings. 
Todd asked what had he done wrong and why was he being interrogated, as if he had done something wrong. Mr. Smith answered: You’ve done nothing wrong; we are merely finding out if the information on that instrument is sensitive or a security threat.
Todd asked: When can I go home?
  Mr. Smith replied: We don’t have to let you go; under the new patriot we can hold you.               Todd said: Then it should be called Terrorize the citizen law, instead of patriot, nothing in that bill is constitutional and you know it, you bunch of communist are using the illusions of terrorist to destroy the United States, you crap upon our bill of rights and you mock our constitution in the name of the NWO. Tell your leader the anti-Christ; I said to kiss my hairy white Appalachian snow-ape butt, like a starving woodpecker.  If you plan to hold me for no reason you will definitely hear why you are the sons of Satan. 
Mr. Smith replied: You certainly aren't helping your case. 
Todd replied: I don't have a case other than a case of irritable butt-rash which you have created. 
Mr. Smith asked Todd: Do you know where the instrument is?
Todd answered: Yes, you guys stole it from me. 
Mr. Smith said: No we haven’t and we can't let you go until we find it.                                                      Todd replied: Oh so now you're going to hold me until you find an item that you took, that’s bull. 
Mr. Smith told Todd that; the item will be returned if the HS dept finds it isn't a threat.                           Todd replied: It isn't a threat, I have no idea what your men have done with it, and it was in my car when I arrived at the University, now it's gone. That’s all I can tell you about the instrument other than where I got it, how long I've had it, and where I got it from.
   Mr. Smith left Todd in the room alone for over two hours, after his return he told Todd that they had retrieved the instrument from his neighbor and he may be held and charged for obstructing an investigation. 
Todd replied: I'm not hindering you from anything; you’ve got pictures why would you need the instrument unless the pictures revealed something of a threat? 
Mr. Smith replied: Look I understand your frustration; we will try to do our job and return your instrument ASAP. 
Todd calmly replied: I sure hope so; I really fell in love with that instrument and never meant any harm by owning it. 
Mr. Smith tells Todd he will have someone take him back to his car, but he was not allowed to leave the country until further notice.

    When Todd returned home, Kathy was fretting over the whole ordeal; Todd assured her that everything was ok. As he continued to fill her in on how the professor at UNC called his friends from the secret society group to take possession of his Kanun/Halaka "It was a backdoor job" Kathy replied. Todd responded: Yes I know he sold me out, they wanted the instrument before they ever knew it was coded. Now it has revealed a cure for cancer and something about wormhole space travel. They think themselves aloof to my rights and just take my belongings. The ringer for message indicator was going off on Todd's phone, it was Zack he was worried, so Todd called him and informed him of his afternoon’s activity with the Illuminated mafia. Zack told Todd he will try his best to get it back for him, he felt responsible.
Todd replied: He's not too worried about it, if it's going to cause the HS dept to threaten to hold him indefinitely it's not worth it. Zack told Todd he had several copies of HD photos so they could still carry on their own deciphering of the codes on the KANUN... Todd agreed that he would like to have copies of the photos. Todd had photos but he was betting the HD photos from the University were much better. Zack sent copies of the photos to Todd via email. When Todd received them; he showed Kathy how he figured out to go in reverse and use the Hebrew alphabet to decipher a code, each color after white pieces indicate a letter in the alphabet, the only problem was the Hebrew didn’t use vowels so it was hard to decipher without a fluent Hebrew translator. Nevertheless this didn’t stop Todd as he used Babble-fish translator to help him do his own deciphering. 

  That night when Todd fell asleep he dreamed again, he was in the field close to the school of Melchezidec, he knew where he was for some reason Todd had a certain awareness in his dreams now. As if he had learned to control them, the old man was standing outside awaiting his arrival, when Todd approached the old man; he told Todd that; he had been expecting him. 
Todd said: I've had a rough day the HS agents took my instrument. The old man introduced himself as Enoch.                                                                          Todd looked closely and asked: Are you the Enoch of the bible? 
Enoch replied: In the flesh (with a bit of humor) 
Todd felt a little relief as he asked Enoch; what is on the agenda for today’s lessons.
 Enoch continued: I figure you will need to know a few things that will help you understand why all this is happening to you. the first thing you need to know is, some are chosen because of keeping the commandments and their love for their creator sends out certain lights and vibrations into the universe that attract keepers of the corners of the earth, I have been given the delightful assignment of keeping the North-Eastern corner of earth. You have sent up praise with an honest desire for truth until your lights have turned into the colors that attracted me. Only certain colors standout and rare they are, so we always desire to come to you and let you know you are not alone. The great EYA has granted me permission to teach you all the things you want to know about the earth and universe in which you live, as long as you know the boundaries first, you shouldn't have any repercussions from the knowledge I will share with you. But understand when I share the boundaries you cannot overstep the lines drawn for you.
Todd said: I understand. 
Enoch continued: First we will share with you the edges of the universe in which EYA has laid out for earths wormhole travelers. From edge to edge there is a soft orange line glowing in which you may have seen when you went to the Far East edge of our universe in your last dream. We are not allowed to cross these boundaries as EYA has set these to keep one creation separated from another for reasons which we do not ask. We figure EYA will teach us what we need to know when we need to know. Secondly when you go to another planet you will assimilate and you will not teach them any form of religion or sin. These two will get you immediate deportation to the planet of the apes, where heathen alike dwell in their filth, like pigs they swim in their own urine, not a life we hold esteemed. So be careful not to be tricked by the angels of darkness testing you to see if you can be persuaded to break the HALAKA. They are beautiful to see with your eyes so it’s hard to imagine that they are evil but they have their gifts to trick the law keepers. 
Todd asked: How do I travel through the universe? 
Enoch replied: This is far too advanced to teach in today’s lesson but rest assured you will learn soon enough, more importantly you need to know how not to crash before you takeoff." 
Todd laughing recalled many bicycle wrecks, as a child he clearly understood.                                        He asked Enoch: How do we communicate when our mouths are not moving nor is voice coming from our throats?
 Enoch replied: This is done through thought using normal means of communication designed by EYA from the very beginning. Only mankind has lost most of the advanced knowledge as they are under a curse of ignorance by way of keeping the ways of the lawless. We have always been able to telecommunicate with vibrations from our brains, if you have activated enough DNA. Don’t be fooled by daydreamers who take or use DMT to enhance their pineal glands vision. This is more damaging than helpful. First of all it is an illusion rather than a foresight. Only by learning the hidden wisdom can one obtain the true power to use the maximum potential EYA has allowed us to be. Once you begin to stimulate your unused DNA you will go through some unusual side effect, you will notice noises see things that you’ve never heard or seen before, you will also begin to feel vibrations from people. These will differ from soft even and hard abrupt vibrations, the difference will be easy to understand as the soft and even vibrations are people with love in their hearts, those with harsh and abrupt vibrations are souls of darkness, these I suggest you steer clear of. They are workers of iniquity. You will hear voices when people’s mouths are not moving, this is their thoughts. Try not to respond as this will draw unwanted attention. When you learn to respond, you will use your own vibrations to communicate with their sub conscience. This way they cannot react to you immediately without directly involving you. You will share the love that is in your heart from EYA.                                                                      Todd asked; Are there boundaries to using the gifts of the brain on earth.                                                 Enoch replied: Yes as on every planet there are laws and boundaries. You must not use telecommunications to gain favor or insight to make money or advance in anything other than the laws of EYA with all things there is grace and love. This you already know, your heart is your conscience. Listen to it; it will not lead you astray. 
Todd asked: How do I use telecommunications? 
Enoch replied: You have partaken of the tree of knowledge, after you learn the proper foods to eat, which meat of any kind is not one of them, human intestines are not straight, and they are not designed to digest meat. If you’ll notice the animals that eat meat have straight intestines, meat clogs human intestines, causing serious and even fatal disease. When you start eating properly, which we will teach you to do, your mind will start releasing the proper amino acids to activate your unused DNA. In time you will have the understanding to learn the things we will teach you, usually within a year of earths time you will have activated the dormant and docile DNA. Todd wanted to ask another question but sounds were coming closer to him as he awakened to the sound of an obnoxious alarm.
                               The Homeland
   While Todd was taking a shower he thought about the dreams he had been having and wondered if the HALAKA put a spell on him, he had so many weird things go on since he played with the strings on the instrument. Every night he was dreaming, seeing things, and hearing things. Just like the dreams said would happen.  He was beginning to wonder if he should see a shrink. After his shower was over he called a psychiatrist and set up an appointment. 
    The following week Todd visited the shrink, who was from India. After Todd told him of a few experiences he had. The Dr. told Todd that he was fine, and offered to take Todd out for lunch as it was just before 12:00 noon. Todd shocked, that the doctor asked him, He responded: Yes but I’m married and I’m not bi-sexual either. The doctor replied: No nothing like that, I just want to talk with you on a personal level about your experiences. Todd relieved responded: Great let’s do it.
Once seated, the Doctor proceeded to tell Todd that he didn’t feel comfortable talking about religion in the office, that’s why he invited him to lunch. He told Todd that he believed in the Hindu religion which included belief in reincarnation, and some of the things Todd described were taught in his religion as gifts. He also told Todd to try to start a new diet and writes down a list of foods to eat, and foods not to eat, which will be revealed soon enough. Todd told the doctor about reoccurring dreams, where he was in the Mayan temple and the Mayans were very technologically advanced, the walls in the temple were like a plasma TV screen that played scenarios of world events about a year after Dec. 21st 2012 it was horrendous there were triple tornadoes, doing three times the damage. Very often earthquakes and volcanoes wreaking havoc across the globe, the earth was constantly shaking at level 10 on the Richter scale. This caused buildings to collapse everywhere, there were fires all across the globe, and a 10 mile high tsunami hit the Gulf of Mexico and wiped out three of the middle states in the USA. Todd ended with Doc I’ve had this dream several times, and it’s just not good. The doctor with raised eye brows admitted: You’re right that wouldn’t be good, did the Mayans tell you when all this would happen?                                                                       Todd replied: Yes, this is what follows soon after Dec. 21st 2012 they told me the earth will change seasons every 25,000 yrs and this is the date of the next change and that the earth would be shook until its back into balance, and able to maintain its  course in the rotation of the sun. They also explained that this will not be a one day event, but rather the beginning of a string of events that will grow worse and worse. This was also mentioned in another dream I had, but not with the Mayans.    The doctor told Todd: I want to give you my phone number so you can call me, if you need to talk. What you are experiencing is not mental illness, but a gift.                                          Todd replied: I really appreciate that, and I’m so glad that fate directed me to you instead of some pharmacy agent.                                                          The doctor laughed and said: I must get back to the office, keep in touch Todd.                                       Todd replied: Thank you so much, and good bye.     When Todd returned home the wife was awaiting the news and she was worried about Todd. He told her that everything would be fine; the doctor assured him that the issues were not normal but they are a gift that very few have, although Todd wondered if the gift was not a curse but he was relieved that someone understood. And he was glad the doctor did not try to pump him full of medications like most doctors do, knowing most medications will destroy your liver and kidneys.
   The phone rang it was the DHS, they informed Todd that he can pick up his instrument at anytime; Todd was heading straight for the truck and in a hurry. Kathy wanted to know what was going on, Todd told her I’ll fill you in when I get back. Kathy yelled: Ok be careful I love you. As always; Todd yelled back; I love you too. Todd called Zack to let him know what was going on, Zack was relieved and glad to hear the news. He told Todd that he had not had any luck with deciphering the codes since they took the instrument; the math professors didn’t want to get involved.                                                                      Todd said: We don’t need them, I’m pretty good with math myself, and after all I’m the one that found the code. Zack agreed and made plans to visit Todd on the weekend, and then goodbyes are said.
     DHS had told Todd there was nothing of interest to them or any risk to HS so he could have it back and surprisingly they did apologize for the inconvenience. Todd was in possession of his beloved instrument headed home, on the road he noticed a hitchhiker that looked somewhat familiar to him, so he stopped and gave him a ride. Todd asked him: where are you going?                                                                             The stranger replied: I’m going to the planet Xavier.                                                                      Todd looks at him and replies: Ok...   let’s just whoop it over right here, I think this is where you wanted to go.                                                                                   The stranger looked at Todd and replied: You don’t remember me do you?                                             Todd replied: No I thought you looked familiar but I can’t recall.                                                                    The stranger told Todd: I’m Enoch; we met in your dream. Todd looked back again, this time he realized it really was Enoch; Todd stopped on the side of the road, leaned back and tried to see if he was dreaming.                                                                  When Enoch said: No Todd you’re not dreaming. Todd asked: If I’m not dreaming why I am seeing you?                                                                           Enoch replied: You are starting to see the next dimension that you were shown in the school house, on the chalk board. Now that you have stopped eating meat, your DNA is activating unused portions of your brain, you can stop at any time and go back to being like the rest of society.                                                                    Todd replied: I’m not sure I can handle this. I’m starting to confuse reality with dreams.                 Enoch said: In time you will learn how to deal with it, that’s why we all go to school to learn the things you can’t learn anything on your own, unless it’s. A hard lessoned learned.                                                         Todd asked: When do I start school?                                                             Enoch replied: When you’ve digested all the rotted meat in your digestive system, you will need to stick to the diet plan soon the rotted meat will pass through your system. The more you stick to the plan the more DNA will become activated. I can tell you have done well the color of your energy is changing.                                 Todd asked: Do you know anything about the instrument that I have acquired?                          Enoch replied: Yes it’s encoded with a mosaic, it has many things coded too, and it will be fun watching you decipher it.                                                          Todd asked: Is there any such thing as fate or is that the work of ancient ones traveling through dimensions?                                                             Enoch replied: Now see you are getting smarter already, the genes which you posses are of the ancient ones called Cohen. Every once in a while one comes along such as yourself, that decides not to follow tradition, or except anything your told unless you verify it. You have not verified the existence of our creator, but you believe. This is a sign that your IQ is higher than the average person. When your ancestors that travel through time see your colors they stop to see you and admire the work of our mother in heaven.                                                      Todd replied: Wait did you just say; Mother?     Enoch said: But of course, did you think a word like father or mother decided the gender of a spirit? We only refer to the creator as our mother or father to living beings, who are still walking in the flesh. As most are not capable of understanding a spirit is neither male nor female.                                          Todd replied: Please tell me more about the colors you speak of that we have that you can see.                                                                        Enoch replies: Each individual has light around them, it is a form of energy, some have bright some have dim but the color of the light is a sign of what kind of energy is coming from the person, the more colors one has the more fruits one posses inside of them. Everything you touch leaves a trace of this color, everywhere you go you leave a trail, these colors we see not limited to the few colors you know on earth there are thousands of colors, and certain combinations are very rare to see. When you have unlocked your full potential, your colors will change somewhat and become very bright. You will be visited by many ancient ones afterwards. They will be attracted to the newest baby in the community. Sorry but to us, living beings are like an embryo. We adore the ones that have beautiful colors. Todd wanted to ask another question but Enoch had vanished. 
   Just like a dream Todd thought to himself this is too weird, what if I’m in a coma and all this is a dream, and one day I’m going to wake up and it will all be over or maybe I’ll forget all of it. Just as he was thinking this he heard Enoch’s voice say no it’s not a coma or a dream, you are now experiencing the crossroads of conscience and sub conscience. You will learn how to differentiate the difference between the two. Todd looked around but he didn’t see Enoch, Todd thought what in the world is going on, Enoch do you hear my thoughts? Enoch answered: Yes when I’m close to you. Todd grabbed his head and squeezed and thought oh my, I hope I don’t think anything bad or wrong. Who else is reading my thoughts? Enoch answered: That may not be anything to worry about right now, once you start the school of Melchezidec, you will learn the answers to most of the questions you may have. Now that you have your instrument back I will help you decipher the codes in the mosaic design, but I will not be able to explain all the revelations until you have at least activated your entire DNA. Todd sitting still suddenly realized this ordeal was déjà vu, he asked Enoch is there a thing as reincarnation? But there is no answer. Todd continued to drive home; this would take awhile to soak in.
   Kathy met Todd at the door she knew Todd was excited to get his instrument back, she informed him that she printed out the photos that Zack sent him, and she said they looked really nice. He wasn’t acting like himself and Kathy knew something was wrong. She kindly asked: Are you ok? Todd responded by shaking his head, he headed straight for the shower where the hot water beating down on him seemed to somehow ease things a bit.
   The following day talk-a lot Tommy called, and was yapping about the yard sales and flea market he went to and the items he got really cheap, Todd told him he wanted to go next time, he felt like he needed a break and getting out would be good.  
     Todd told Tommy about all the experiences he’d been having and Tommy laughed and said: Boy if that is true you may need a shrink, or get off the drugs your doing. Todd laughed and replied: You know I don’t do any drugs and I did go see a shrink and he said I was fine. He thinks I have a gift, but I’m wondering if it’s a curse. Tommy replied: Maybe your shrink needs to see a shrink. Todd laughed and replied: The idea that a shrink could be insane came to me a long time ago when I was studying the FRS syndrome in psychology. Tommy said: If you had a degree in psychology you might qualify now as an insane psychiatrist, the way you’re talking about this instrument and the effect it’s had on you.                                                                         Todd replied: I’m glad you called you clown you always cheer me up, with your silliness. I’m going to go outside and wash my vehicles, I’ll call you later. As Todd was cleaning the cars, a new model SUV pulls up and asks if he was Todd.                                                Todd responded: Yes can I help you?                          The stranger said: I do hope so, I’m not here to cause an alarm but I’m John Smith from Home Land Security and I just want to ask you a few questions.                                                               Todd says: Well John smith there has to be at least a million John Smiths that work for our government, I need a break anyhow go ahead and ask away.      John turned his vehicle off and stepped out and said: The first thing I’d like to know is how you figured out the code on the mosaic?                                                                   Todd replied: Well I researched the origin, it comes from the Middle East and the mosaic is done by the Jewish people and we know their language is written from left to right. So I merely started counting the numbers of spaces between the colored pieces and compared that to the Hebrew alphabet and there it was.                                        John asked: There what was?                                     Todd replied: Well a few statements are all we had time to decipher, one was eucalyptus cures cancer.                                                                     John asked: How much do you think is coded on the instrument?                                                                Todd answered with: There’s no telling, a lot I’m sure. John tells Todd that he and his team of investigators are having a little difficulty making any since of the code, and ask: Is there any chance we can get you to help us with it?                                                           Todd responded: Wait a minute, you mean to tell me that you guys gave me my instrument back and don’t even know what’s on it?                                 John replied: Yes we looked at it, made photos and didn’t find anything whatsoever, but an informant at the university said you knew a code and had deciphered a few things before we came in, but they were not sure exactly how you deciphered the messages. Everyone we interviewed; either refused to answer or acted as if they knew nothing about the technique that you used to decipher the code. So, either they are loyal to you, or they really didn’t know. None of our people have been able to decipher anything. So that’s why I come to see you and ask for your help. Todd asked: How much will it pay?                                                                              John replied: I’ll have to clear it with my boss but I’m sure we can work something out.                           Todd said: I expect to get at least top pay, equivalent to your other code breakers, and I want your assurance that I will be able to keep my instrument.                                                      John replied: We have no intensions of getting the instrument, we have plenty of photos, let me get back to you on the pay rate.                                       John reached out to shake Todd’s hand and said: Thank you for your time and the offer to help us. Todd replied: You’re welcome and thank you, this visit was much more civil than the first. Then John got back into his SUV and left. Todd walked inside and told Kathy of the news, he was somewhat relieved. Kathy however was reluctant to be so kind after the scare they gave her and replied: Yea they are only being nice because they can’t figure out the code and need your help. Todd hugs her and tells her that he loved her. 



                             The Preparation
    Days went by when John called to inform Todd that the rate of pay that was approved; Todd was not surprised it sucked. But Todd had been thinking it’s better to have them on your good side regardless of the rate of pay. Todd agreed to the pay and asked if he could find out; if he would be entitled to any royalties if any money is made from the knowledge found from the decipherments. John replied he will have to get that approved but he doesn’t think there would be a problem with that. Todd asked John to find out for sure and get back to him, John agreed then they hang up.
    Within 15 minutes John had called back and informed Todd that there will be no problem with the royalties, Todd told John; he will need that in writing before he started, John replied: Indeed, let’s get you to come in next Monday. This will give me enough time to get the paperwork approved and signed by the boss. Todd agreed and they hang up.
   After arriving at the HS office in Charlotte, N.C. John took Todd to an office area, with several big screen plasma TV’s hooked up to computers. They have photos of the instrument blown up on the screens. John introduced Todd to the team of code breakers that have been working on the photos to no avail. Todd felt good about the team as there were two pretty women and two middle aged men. He didn’t feel overwhelmed by a large crowd, or a lot of noise. 
   John gave Todd a pointing rod and said with his hand palm up pointing toward the big screen: Todd, show us how you done it. Todd smiled and took the rod and said: Thank you. Todd began by saying: First of all let’s scroll through the photos and set them up in order according to my determination; Todd pointed at the screen with the pointing rod which was like a retractable antenna. He instructed the person working the mouse and keyboard how to arrange the photos, this took about 15 minutes. Then Todd pointing at the first photo instructed her to blow this one up. Todd then pointed to the corner of the photo and said: Let’s start here and count the green colored pieces from right to left, marking down the numbers in between, if I can I’ll have one of you write down the numbers, and one of you take the Hebrew alphabet and mark down the letters according to the numbers that come up. Todd looking at John asked: do we have someone here that can translate Hebrew. One guy announced himself as Jewish, his name was David.                                                            Todd said: Good we will need your assistance. Then continued with his instructions and counting the pieces. Soon he had enough numbers recorded to start the second phase of the decipherment. The team gathered around the table in the center of the room Todd asked for the Hebrew letters, David would look at these for a few minutes and begin to write them down. Meanwhile Todd was on his laptop using Babel-fish website to translate the code himself. Just to make sure that David wasn’t misleading them or making any mistakes.
   David said: This says that eucalyptus heels cancer. All five of the people in the room start to rumble with chat, John smiled at Todd and said: Buddy that’s what we’ve been working on for weeks and haven’t got one word out of it, we just didn’t know it was all in reverse or in Hebrew. Todd replied: Yea tell me about it, I racked my brains for weeks when suddenly it hit me, if the Jewish people made this instrument why would they encode it in English. So I tried this and wha-la. John called his boss and informed him: This is real and Todd does know how to decipher it. A moment passed and John said: Sure thing, then he hung up. He told Todd that the director was on his way and he’s happy. Todd said if he’s happy so am I.                                                    
 John replied: Me too.
    When the director came in John introduced Todd to him, the directors name was (you guessed it) John Smith, Todd just smiled and shook his head. After David informed the director of the information, and all five of the team members were taking turns explaining small bits of the Intel, the instructor said: You’ve done well, now get the rest of these codes done and get them on my desk ASAP. David responded with: Yes Sir. The director looked at Todd and said: You have done a good job.                                                                Todd replied: Thank You Sir. Then the director turns and thought to himself: You redneck schmuck. Todd being the redneck said: Excuse me, in a sort of haughty fashion. The director turns and replied: Yes? Todd looking aggravated said: What did you say as you turned away from me? The director replied: I didn’t say anything. With his eyes now poised in a curious manner, and a small twist of the head with a little tilt. Todd looked at David who was standing between him and the director, with a questionable look.                                                                            David said: I didn’t hear him say anything either. Todd replied: I heard him call me a schmuck. (Then he walked away) All along the director was looking at Todd with this uncertain sort of suspicion. 
   Just then, Todd heard another voice, it was Enoch. He told Todd “Calm down Todd, this is Enoch, I’m here with you now, you over heard the directors thoughts, you have to be careful now when you hear someone’s subconscious. Don’t respond to people unless you see their mouths move. Later on you will learn how to tell when someone’s speaking or when they are thinking, it has a little different sound in the background. Todd responded to Enoch telepathically communicated: Ok I’m sorry that’s the first time it’s happened to me besides you and I wasn’t thinking about it. This will take some time as it caught me off guard but I did notice a little echo type background when he thought it. The director left and everyone breaks for coffee and doughnuts. David went over to Todd and asked: Are you ok buddy?                                                Todd replied: Yes I’m fine I’m just a little nervous is all. 
    After break everyone was back at their designated area in the room and they continued with decoding the mosaic. By the end of the day they had found numerous codes and a lot of what was deciphered was recorded history, but some interesting parts were 1(Jews built the pyramids) 2(Joseph was a master at mathematics who lead the whole task for the king of Egypt) 3(king Solomon sold the Egyptian king the Intel for a transporter which was atop of the pyramids) same as before. The team of decoders were all sitting around chatting about the days findings; waiting on the clock to strike 5:30. 
   On the way home Todd was thinking to himself and he sent out a plea for Enoch to come and visit, Enoch spoke to Todd and let him know that they were connected by an energy source; regardless of the distance he could always hear Todd or feel vibrations that he was sending out. All he had to do was concentrate his mind just like he had just done to contact him. Todd told Enoch: That is a good thing because up until now I’ve been totally lost for answers and he hoped Enoch would not abandon him. Enoch comforted Todd by telling him he would not.  Todd asked Enoch: Can you explain to me where all this is going?                                                                             Enoch replied: Todd quite simply you are one of the few lucky people that have shown yourself worthy to become the maximum living being. According to the potentials that our creator had in mind when he first created mankind, it is the fault of mankind his fondest, that EYA chose to close certain DNA in the brain that has limited the knowledge to become the ultimate living being.                                                                      Todd asked: You mean we all have the potential to become much more intelligent than we are?     Enoch replied: That is exactly what I’m saying, but only through truth first then ethics second honor third and love will one bear the proper fruit to change the colors of the energy that is displayed in other dimensions, once one has obtained these few, others will follow like charity, good deeds, patience and prudence just to name a few more. But the first ones  are the bare minimum one has to become in order for your colors to change and attract the keepers of the four corners to visit to see if you are wanting of higher knowledge first of all, many have the colors described, but few wish to dig into the Pandora’s box. I believe you have a small taste of what I mean.                                                                      Todd replied: Oh yea if you mean what I’ve been experiencing lately is a small taste I’m asking you to hold off for awhile before you try to give me a full serving.                                                                      Enoch laughingly said: Of course, I’ve told you when your DNA is fully activated you will have the capacity to understand the things to come, when you first stroked the strings of the instrument you heard Sacred Notes and this awakened your DNA,  right now you have been given a few unfamiliar abilities. You won’t even begin to learn the utopia of your capabilities, until your docile DNA is fully activated. You will start at the school of Melchezidec. There you will learn the full capabilities of a living being. Then you will learn the rules, and then you will actually participate, then and only then, and in that order.                                                                            Todd said: Thank You, it helps to have your knowledge and comfort.                                                                         Enoch replied: You’re welcome and bye for now.           Todd said: Goodbye.                                                         That evening Todd and his wife Kathy were sitting by the pool, while the kids from the neighborhood were playing Todd was relaxing as he experienced a daydream of some sort. He had seen a car speeding down the hill by the pool, blowing its horn and slamming into a light pole. Todd was disrupted from the daydream by Kathy saying: Who is that? It was a car speeding in the neighborhood. Then the car started blowing its horn and slammed into a light pole. Todd watched the scene as a rerun of his daydream leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes and held his head. Kathy asked Todd: What is wrong with you?                                                                Todd replied: Oh it’s just more of the evolution in my brain I guess, I just had a vision of that car wrecking just seconds before it happened.                            Kathy said: You’re kidding.                                                                        Todd replied: I wish.
     Later that night, Todd fell into a deep sleep. He started dreaming that he was in a familiar room of some sort. Not really sure where, but he knew the place and felt comfortable with his surroundings. He noticed while sitting there, that he felt something strange. Almost like a spirit was in the room with him, He thought out loud using his telepathy, (Is there someone here?) A voice said back to him: Yes I’m here with you, when Todd heard the voice; he knew it was the creator. He never heard anything in the world sound like it, but he knew by the overwhelming felling in his bones as the words went though his ears. The whole room shook when the words were uttered. The voice was soft but the vibration was tremendous. Todd was afraid but asked: What do you want with me? The creator responded: The real question is; what do you want with me? You keep praying and praying and when I come to you, you ask me what I want? Todd was totally devastated by the walls of the room fluctuating made by the vibrations of the creators’ voice. Although the voice was soft and he felt an overwhelming sensation of love, he couldn’t control his emotions at first. For some reason unknown to Todd he couldn’t speak at first, he couldn’t even think of a thought. The voice spoke again: Do not be afraid, I will not harm you. You want to know if your mind can handle you taking a look at me, I will let you see a glimpse of me. At that moment the whole room disintegrated into millions of tiny particles. Then they all started to swirl round and round, the background color was a soft white. All the particles had turned to black. After swirling about the area the particles came together to form a silhouette. The creator spoke again: I am what I want to be, to whoever I chose, I am everything. You were made in my image. Not as a replica of me, but inside of me you are made and exist. I am the mountain of rock that sits for a trillion years without moving. I am the breath that you breathe. For I am! Just at that moment the particles started to break apart and swirl again, round and round about, back to their normal state of making up the room where Todd was sitting. Todd heard the voice again as it was fading: If you look under a rock, I am there. If you look behind a tree I am there. Todd woke up immediately he sat up in his bed, panting for air, literally so emotional he couldn’t control the feelings running rampant. His blood pressure was racing and pounding, his whole nervous system was shocked. It felt like he had a heart attack. He immediately prayed to EYA and asked him for forgiveness, he said “I had no idea” then he got up and told Libby and Kathy about the dream. He related that he knew it was the true g-d of the universe, EYA without a doubt. 
    That day Todd called his shrink and informed him of the latest events, and that he felt as if he had started activating un-used portions of DNA. He wanted to know if there was a way that he could test him to see what was going on.                                                           The shrink replied: Yes, I want to you to come to my house office if that’s ok.                                            Todd replied: Yes, when is good for you?                 The shrink asked: what about Tomorrow afternoon around 7pm?                                                              Todd replied: Most definitely, Thank You.
    After Todd hung up he thought of a new plan to insure that the illuminati didn’t get his instrument again. He went to home depot and bought the material to build a duplicate of the instrument, once he had cut and glued the pieces together to match the dimensions of the instrument. He printed out photos of the original and glued them on the outer layer which up close was obvious, but from a distance of more than 5 feet it looked original. 
   The next day Todd called in sick to the HS dept. he finished building the duplicate of his instrument, then took it to the HS dept. and right in the parking lot he unloaded a 50 gal barrel from his truck, and poured kerosene on the duplicate and lit it. Then he called his boss; John Smith and told him to look out the window. John Smith still on the phone with Todd walked outside to see the instrument burning asked Todd: What is going on? Todd hung up as John walked up to the now blazing fire, the instrument was clearly visible.                                                                     John asked: Why in the world would you do that? Todd replied: Because this thing has been a curse to me since the day I got it, you have the photos; that’s all you’ll need. I’m through with this curse. I have no further interest in helping your team either. They have what they need from me. The only thing I guess you owe me is royalties if there ever are any. John Smith thought to himself (what a dummy) Todd heard his thoughts and noticed a tunnel sound as it was conveyed, so he didn’t respond but rather gave John a smirk smile. Then he got in his truck and rolled the window down and told John: I’m going to see my shrink right now, so don’t worry about me.
     On the way out of the parking lot of the Dept of HS Todd begins to hear the tunnel noise again this time he heard John Smith call his boss, he told him: This whack job Todd just flipped out and burned the instrument right here in the parking lot and quit, the fire is still burning and I’m looking at the instrument half burned right now.  Todd smiled; he was glad that the agent bought the stunt of the instrument being destroyed. And knowing that he was going to the shrink’s office, maybe he really believed that Todd was suffering from mental issues or stress. Therefore he would have no reason to suspect any tricks.
     When Todd got to his doctors home, he asked the doctor to think of something and do not announce what it is, the good doctor thought of a particular part of the skull called the (cranium). Todd said: You just thought of a word called cranium” the shrink looked at Todd with his eye brows raised and replied: Let’s try again.                                                                      Todd replied: Ok let’s do it… The shrink sits back and thinks for a minute, he comes up with a song. It is the happy birthday song.                                          Todd replied immediately: You are thinking about the happy birthday song.                                            The doctor asked: How long has this been going on?                                                                                Todd replied: It’s just started exactly like Enoch told me it would. Todd further informed the doctor of the visions he told him: It’s like my pineal gland is becoming more and more active also. For an hour or so the scenario continued, Todd constantly answered every time with the correct information. The doctor tells Todd to go home and try not to tell people about his gifts as this could cause unwanted attention. But to keep him informed and in the meanwhile he will contact a friend of his who is a guru, hopefully he could help with some sort of guidance.                                                                     Todd replied: Ok I will try to keep a low profile. 
     In the three weeks that followed these events, Todd had stuck to his vegan diet and his DNA was activating more and more. He experiences meditation sessions, where he had out of body experiences. At first he jetted through a tunnel of lights all around at speeds not known to man; then he slowly landed in a place of colorful softly lit lights where all structures were giving off a light and energy source. All the people in those areas were surrounded by colors, and their energy had specific colors according to their personalities. He knew where the cliché; Showing your true colors’ came from now, it had a real origin. He was almost ready to start the school of Melchezidec; this would be a two hour meditation each day. There Todd would start learning higher knowledge; that at one time was given to all mankind. 
    Todd using his mind to link directly to Enoch could communicate with a peculiar tunnel sound effect. Enoch had taught Todd how to deal with some of his new found gifts. Todd had repeatedly asked Enoch about the power source of the planet that he visited where the people used the energy in the atmosphere to power their vehicles that made no sound or emission, also the power source in their homes were remote with no wiring attached. But Enoch was reluctant to reveal very much, as he kept reminding Todd that once he started school he would have all of his DNA activated, and therefore the means to understand what he was told, but most likely not until then. Enoch and a few others in his dreams had told Todd of the other worlds and some of their technology, but have not explained in debt details to their level of intelligence. However Enoch did tell Todd that once he started school he would learn how engines can run on particles in the atmosphere and draw electricity from the Ionosphere to power homes and other facilities. How to move through dimensions and how laws of physics change in different dimensions.
   Todd was working hard to fulfill the few things Enoch instructed him to do, to ready himself for the school of Melchezidec. He would start this in the next week. When He learned how to use the power that he gained from unlocking the remaining DNA, the government wanted him for highly classified operations. He will learn how 1.618 is related to a soul going from of one dimension to another. When sacred knowledge is revealed anti gravity technology is recovered. Be sure to follow the sequel of this book as this is only the beginning of Todd opening a real Pandora’s Box.

