



Touch of Evil, Part 1: The Twins, Road to Pripyat

Nathan Johnson

Smashwords Edition




TOUCH OF EVIL, PART 1: THE TWINS, ROAD TO PRIPYAT


Chapter 1

April 1986-Pripyat, USSR
It was a typical spring in Pripyat, a town in northern present-day Ukraine that had a population of 49,300. Organized in 1970, it housed mostly employees from the nearby Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. It was considered one of the “modern cities” in Russia. The average age was 26. Residents were completely unaware of the looming danger. Christopher &Shawna Merchins were stationed there during the Cold War. He was to be transferred to Las Vegas, NV in May. He’d been in the military for two years. He met Shawna shortly after joining. She was from Washington, DC. They were married a year and a half when she became pregnant with twin girls due in August. They named them Zeina and Zoey. This was supposed to have been a happy time in their lives, but the situation changed. It was Apr. 25, 1986 and after this, their lives, as millions of others, would never be the same.
Chernobyl- Apr. 26, 1986 1:23am (Russian Time)
On Apr.26, 1986, at 1:23am Russian time, Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant’s reactor four exploded, dispersing large quantities of radiation into the sky. Chris mentioned hearing some type of “pop,” but went back to sleep. When they awoke at 7am, they notice smoke coming out of the reactor. Like everyone else in Pripyat, they had no clue that most of the air they were breathing had 700,000 times more radiation than normal. The next day, they were forced to leave, spending their last week overseas in Kiev. They had no idea how much danger they were in. All they could do was wait and hope for the best. The worst nuclear meltdown in the history had just happened. They thought they got out in time, but like many others, did not.
One week later, they touched down on American soil. At the last minute, Chris’ assignment changed from Las Vegas, NV to Dallas, TX. They settled in May 1986 to the suburb of Cedar Hill. This was quite a change since they’d never lived in a big city, but they soon adjusted. Besides, they knew Cedar Hill was an excellent place to raise their girls. Shortly after arriving, a concerned Shawna went to the doctor. With the exception of being the most active babies the doctor had seen, they were fine. Chris and Shawna were also tested for radiation. They too were fine
The top story for weeks was the Chernobyl accident and its effects on the USSR. Places as far west as the UK and Western Europe were covered by a massive cloud of radiation. The government lied to them about the radiation levels and was recruiting people to do cleanup around the damaged reactor. First, they contained the fire and kept the contamination from further polluting the air, and stopped the flow of water the firemen used to put out the fire. If they let it go water would react with the Cesium 137 and cause an explosion many times stronger than the initial one. Finally, they built a casing over the damaged reactor containing the radiation already exposed. This process took a few months to complete. This was “The Sarcophagus.” It’s important to mention if that big explosion happened, all of Europe would’ve more than likely been uninhabitable!
This was very difficult for the Merchins because Pripyat could not support human life for generations. Moreover, they’d never see their friends again. However, they quickly adapted to life in Cedar Hill, making many friends through the church and community. The summer of 1986 was one of the best summers of their lives and the joy was even greater come August when twins, Zeina, and Zoey were born.


Chapter 2

Cedar Hill, TX

The Birth- August 4, 1986- Zeina & Zoey Merchins
Monday, Aug. 4, 1986 was a day that lived forever in the hearts of the world. Zeina and Zoey Merchins were born to Christopher & Shawna Merchins. Zeina arrived first at 8:04am and Zoey arrived six minutes later at 8:10. They were born at Charleton Hospital in Dallas. Zeina weighed 7 lbs., 8 ounces and Zoey weighed 7 lbs., 2 ounces, which was an amazing size for twins. The only cause doctors concluded was radiation exposure. Otherwise, they were very normal .Zoey came into the world screaming, while Zeina had a normal calm cry. A few days later, they went home.
Average Family
The Merchins were a very normal family and enjoyed the company of Shawna’s sister Roberta (Bertie) Jones. Bertie was the oldest of six children. Because she was 20 years older, she was more like Shawna’s mother. They settled in Cedar Hill in July 1973. They had a son, Harold, who was 14 when the twins were born. He was very close to Zeina & Zoey from the beginning, especially Zeina. Bertie’s husband’s name was Joe Jones. They were married August 1967. The Merchins’ were very active in church & made friends very quickly. After church, the Merchins’ and the Jones’ got together, had lunch, and visited while Harold played with Zeina & Zoey. Life was grand! However, all good things come to an end.

Radiation
In February 1988, Chris came home from work, complaining of pain in his stomach, head and back. It was so bad he could barely move. At first he thought he was working too hard and it would pass. It didn’t and went to the doctor. After several tests the results were not good. The radiation exposure was taking its toll on his body. There was little the doctor could do. In March he retired from the Air Force on disability. Throughout 1988, his condition steadily worsened. It was then they discovered Zeina & Zoey’s special powers. When he had pain, either of them could put their hands on his body and temporarily soothe it. So far, Shawna and the twins seemed fine. However, in November, with Chris on his deathbed, Shawna had similar symptoms. She went to the doctor in December and was told she had the same thing, except she experienced less radiation, meaning slower progression.
No more life as we know it
By January 1989, Chris was seriously ill. He called Shawna, Joe, Bertie, Harold and the girls to discuss the order of the will.

Chris: “Shawna, I want you to call Bertie and Joe over so we can go over my last will and testament. This is very important because I don’t have much time.”
Shawna: “Oh honey, don’t talk like that. I want you to stay around until the girls are old enough to know what they want to do.”
Chris: “Now you know that’s not going to happen. I can barely get out of bed and it takes everything you have to take care of me. No, we have to get Joe & Bertie over here to discuss the girls’ future after we’re gone.”
Shawna (Sighing): “I know. We have to tell them. The girls aren’t old enough to fully understand, but it’s inevitable.”
Chris: “I think they already know. It’s so obvious.”
Shawna: “Yeah, guess I might as well call them and get them over.”
The following weekend, the reading and the implication of the will took place with Joe, Bertie, Shawna and the girls.

Chris: “All, I have something very important to discuss. Of course, Shawna will be the primary caretaker after I’m gone. As long as she’s of sound mind as I am now, she’ll be in charge of all decisions about what happens with the house, its contents and most importantly, the girls. After she’s gone, Bertie and Joe will take the girls and raise them. I have to make it as simple as possible so there will be a smooth transition. How does this set with you?”
Shawna: “I always knew we’d have to do this, but not this soon. It’s the way it has to be. I know God will call us home soon and I know He has a very special purpose for us.”
Chris: “Yes, we both know that. It’s much earlier than I wanted to go but you and I both know we’re not to stay here forever. It’s God’s will and I accept that. Joe; Bertie; is this okay with you?
Joe: “It sounds like you trust us with your beautiful daughters. You have my word I’ll take great care of them. We both love them so much and would love to have them.”
Bertie: “Absolutely. I think it’s great y’all have chosen us to be caretakers. They are very lovely and intelligent girls and Harold loves them so much too. Besides, he’s 17 now and he can help us with them.”
Chris: “Great! I’m so happy it’s settled. I just wish Shawna and I could stick around to see them grow, but I really believe God will be ready for us soon. The only problem now is we don’t have the girl’s opinion yet. Zeina, would you like to live with Uncle Joe & Aunt Bertie?”
Zeina: “Yes.”
Chris: “Zoey, would you like to live with Uncle Joe & Aunt Bertie?”
Zoey: “Well, yes!”
Chris: “You’re quite sure, aren’t you Zoey? Well then, it’s settled.”
Shawna: “I’m sure glad that’s done, but for now girls, you’re with us.”

Sunday, Feb. 26, 1989- Dad dies
Christopher Merchins (Apr. 4, 1956-Feb. 26, 1989).It was a dark, dreary and cold morning when Chris Merchins passed away in his sleep at 8:14 am. He died peacefully with his wife Shawna and the twins by his side. He was 32 years old. His obituary simply read, “He was a great father, son, and served his country to full capacity and was another unfortunate victim of Chernobyl.” He was laid to rest on Wednesday, Mar. 1, at Little Bethel Cemetery with full military honors. After the service, Shawna had a brief conversation with Zeina/Zoey.

Shawna: “Girls, could you come here please. I have something I need to tell you.”
Zeina/Zoey (unison): What is it, mommy?”
Shawna: “I need you to know that I love you very much and I’m going to try and do as much as I can for you, but I need you to help me as much as you can. I know you’re not yet three years old, but there are little things you can do. Do you know what I mean?”
Zeina/Zoey (Unison): “Yes.”
Shawna: “That’s good. I just want you to know that and to tell you I love you.”
Zeina/Zoey: “We love you too mommy. We’re going to miss daddy so much.”
Shawna: “I know you will. He loved you both very much.”
Zeina/Zoey: “We know.”
For the remainder of 1989 without the stress of taking care of Chris, Shawna’s condition improved almost immediately. She occasionally needed help from Zeina & Zoey but that was no problem because they were already wise beyond their years. They already showed signs of remarkable strength, even able to roll and move things to accommodate their ailing mother. For the most part, Shawna got around well but was in a slow, steady decline. Toward the end of the year, she was in a wheelchair but made do. They spent Christmas at Uncle Joe and Aunt Bertie’s north of town. It was a rough one without Chris, but they managed quite nicely. It was one of the coldest winters on record in Dallas. Two days before Christmas the temperature was -8. This reminded Shawna of winter in Pripyat. Joe & Bertie constantly joked with them about bringing the winter with them even though they’d been gone almost four years!
By the summer of 1990, Shawna was in bad shape. The twins turned four on Aug. 4. Shawna was almost bedridden. In the fall, Bertie moved in with Shawna and the twins had to take care of them. The doctor predicted she had about a year to live. Zeina & Zoey were far too young and small to help with moving of their mother from the bed to the wheelchair. She was still of sound mind and called all the shots but that
was all she could do. By the fall of 1990 and the winter of 1991, Shawna was in grave condition. Zeina/Zoey moved in with Aunt Bertie and Uncle Joe in March. Hospice took over in late April. The end was near. On May 29, Shawna was heartbroken that she couldn’t attend Harold’s high school graduation, but he came to visit and she wished him well. She had less than a month to live.

Friday, Jun. 28, 1991- Mom Dies
Shawna Merchins (March 5, 1958-Jun. 28, 1991). It was a humid, dreary and rainy afternoon when Shawna Merchins passed away at 3:27 pm. with Joe, Bertie, Harold and the girls by her side. How could it be? The girls weren’t even five years old yet and they were orphaned. She was only 33 years old. Her obituary simply said “Wife of Christopher Merchins, served their country in full capacity, retired to Texas and had a wonderful life together.”
Zeina &Zoey were never the same after this, but they did better than expected. They knew their parents loved them with all their hearts and knew they’d receive a great home with Uncle Joe & Aunt Bertie. They didn’t know their calling yet but it came soon enough. The parents were gone before they could see it. Zeina and Zoey were destined for greatness.


Chapter 3

Cedar Hill, TX

Elementary School- August 1991

Aunt Bertie & Uncle Joe
As willed, the girls went to live with Aunt Bertie & Uncle Joe. With Harold out of school it was Zeina/Zoey’s turn. Also as agreed, the girls went to Trinity Christian instead of Bray Elementary like most students. They wanted to instill Christian values in them. Already distraught over losing their mother a few weeks prior, they weren’t ready for school but Aunt Bertie & Uncle Joe knew they’d adapt quickly. Besides, they knew immediately they’d fit in and make friends, but it took an effort. Not knowing about their special powers, they bit off more than they could chew when Zeina saw a classmate bullying Zoey.

“Kids can be so cruel.”
Rachel Cox: “Look at little Zoey! She can’t punch her way out of a paper bag!”
Zoey: “I’m warning you! My twin sister and I could whip most of the adults at this school, much less you! I suggest you back off!”
Rachel: “Oh, and what are you going to do? You’re not going to beat me up! You’re too weak!”
Zeina walked up to see what was going on.

Zeina: “What’s going on here? I’m giving you one chance to get away from my sister and leave us alone, or I’ll have to hit you where it hurts! Don’t think I won’t! I’m telling you right now, I can be your worst enemy or best friend but if you do anything to hurt my sister, I’ll knock you down!”
Rachel pushed Zoey into the dirt & Zeina was livid!

Zeina: “All right, Rachel, you asked for it!
Zeina hit her with an uppercut & she landed into the wall, knocking the bricks out in the contour of her body!

Zeina: “I guess you’ll learn from now on not to mess with me and my sister again, huh?”
Rachel: “Yes, I sure will! How in the world did you learn to hit like that?”
Zeina: “I honestly have no idea!”
Rachel: “I tell you what, if I’m ever in a fight, I’d rather be on your side!”
Zeina: “What are you saying?”
Rachel: “Well, it’s just that I want to be your friend now, believe it or not!”
Zeina: “That’s weird, but I’ll take it! I really don’t have any friends.”
Zoey: “Hello, I’m still on the ground! You could help me up while you’re getting chummy with the girl I WAS going to fight! This WAS my battle!”
Zeina: “Sorry Zoey, I didn’t realize you were still down there!”
Zoey: “You should be! You are my sister and we’re supposed to have each other’s backs!”
Zeina: “That’s fine.”
Rachel: “I’m sorry too, Zoey. Do you want to be my friend too?”
Zoey: “I don’t know why; but then again, why not!”
As Zeina, Zoey and Rachel walked back to class, their teacher and a counselor examined the wall that Zeina knocked Rachel into. That afternoon, he called Zeina/Zoey into his office. He was curious as to why they had so much strength! By the looks of the wall, he knew Zeina and Zoey weren’t ordinary kids! 

Special Powers Recognized- October 1991
While waiting in Counselor James Bates’ office all they could think about were alibis for fighting. Instead, he quizzed them about their superhuman strength. Much to their surprise there was no punishment.

Counselor Bates: “You all know why I called you in here don’t you?”
Zeina/Zoey (in unison): “We have a pretty good idea. I think it’s for fighting”.
Bates: “Yes, that’s one reason but not the main one. That’s why I won’t punish you this time. I’m curious to know how you got all that strength, Zeina. That’s amazing! No one has ever seen that before!”
Zeina: “I don’t know. I never knew I had it before today!”
Bates: “That’s really weird. What about you, Zoey? Do you have any special powers you don’t know about?”
Zoey: “Not that I know of. I was getting ready to try it on Rachel, but never had a chance. Zeina stepped in and took care of it so fast I didn’t have to think about it.”
Bates: “Yes, Rachel is something else!”
Zeina: “I don’t think anyone will have to worry about her anymore.”
Bates: “I hope you’re right. I hope she can be friends with y’all. I’ve tried talking to her several times but it hasn’t done any good. She’s very insecure and that’s why she bullies everyone.”
Zeina: “I suppose.”
Bates: “Listen, I want to meet with your Aunt and Uncle right away. I notice something very special about you two.”
Zeina/Zoey (in unison): “What’s that?”
Bates: “Do you all believe in God and destiny?”
Zeina/Zoey (unison): “Of course we do. That’s how we’ve been raised.”
Bates: “That’s very good. Let’s meet with them in a couple of weeks. In the meantime, please try not to destroy any more walls. Those things cost money to fix!”
Zeina: “Sure thing.”

Student/Teacher Conference
A couple of weeks and a couple of altercations later, Counselor Bates met with Aunt Bertie and Uncle Joe. Zeina and Zoey had no control of their abilities. They played far too rough for children their age, so he was curious because he couldn’t get them to say anything about it. After the meeting this was the determination.

Bates: “Joe, Bertie, your nieces are very special.”
Joe: “Well, we know that! We’ve known them since they were babies! What does that have to do with the trouble they’re having in school?”
Aunt Bertie: “Mr. Bates, we’re very well aware of what’s going on with Zeina & Zoey.”
Bates: “I know you are. That’s why we’re having this conference. I believe your nieces have been chosen by God to make very important and amazing revelations to a lost world and I don’t believe this is the place where they can do it.”
Joe: “How do you know this? You haven’t studied seminary or anything about God. How can a school counselor know about what girls their ages need? I don’t think you know.”
Bates: “That’s where you’re wrong. I happen to run an academy and I have other students who have shown wonderful progress under my leadership. In fact, I do it year round. I just work part time here as a guidance counselor for Trinity. Give me a try.”
Bertie: “Mr. Bates, they just lost their mother in June and you’re telling me they need some special kind of training?”
Bates: “That’s exactly what I’m telling you, Mrs. Jones. These girls are far too intelligent for this school and it would be a shame to hold them down. I understand they recently lost their parents. Is there anything you and Joe can think of that can make them possess superhuman strength and intelligence?”
Joe: “The only thing I can think of is their mom and dad, Mr. and Mrs. Merchins, was expecting them when they were stationed at Pripyat when Chernobyl happened, and it has something to do with the radiation exposure, but we think it’s unrealistic.”
Bates: “AH HA!!, THAT’S IT! For some unexplained reason, is almost certain why they may possess this! Very interesting! I think your nieces are very gifted and I want to evaluate them this summer, with your permission of course.”
Joe: “I know there’s something different about them and I’d like to know what. Sure, you have my permission to evaluate them after the end of the school year.”
Bertie: “Are you sure, Joe?”
Joe: “Sure. You know as well as I do they’re different. I don’t want to rob them of an awesome opportunity, do you?”
Bertie: “Of course not. Counselor Bates, you may evaluate them.”
Zeina and Zoey spent the second half kindergarten with Counselor Bates. Uncle Joe & Aunt Bertie didn’t want to let them go, but they knew it was the nature of the beast. After the Christmas holidays, they began their evaluation.

January 1992- The Gifted
Christmas was over and the girls began their evaluations. Counselor Bates challenged them because they were too gifted for the classroom. Their only interaction with the other students was at lunch and recess. Bates didn’t want them to feel alienated from their peers. They had the right to have friends too.
Two weeks later, Bates met with Joe/Bertie again. They scored off the charts and needed much more training than they could get in Cedar Hill. Bates wanted to teach them how to use their powers. With Joe/Bertie’s permission, he intended to send them to New York.

Bates: “Hello, Bertie and Joe, how are you? I hope you all had a great Christmas. What did you all do?”
Bertie: “We just stayed home and enjoyed ourselves. Since we know the girls will probably travel the world, there was no need to go anywhere. I don’t even think they wanted to.”
Joe: “They had a very relaxing time and they loved playing with Harold. Zeina’s friend, Rachel Cox, stayed with us a couple of nights.”
Bates: “Are we talking about the same Rachel Cox? You mean they didn’t fuss and fight the whole time?”
Bertie: “No, just the opposite! She’s been a really great friend to them. I don’t know what it is about them but she was no trouble at all.”
Bates: “Miracles never cease, huh? Anyway, that’s not why I called this meeting.”
Joe/Bertie (unison): “We know.”
Bates: “You’re right. They scored off the charts on all their evaluations and I see no reason why we can’t start training. The only problem is where they have to go.”
Joe: “Whatever it takes, we’ll do it.”
Bertie: “Now honey, before you say that let’s hear what the man has to say. For all we know, he’ll want them to go to New York first thing.”
Bates: “They’re going to be, but only with your consent.”
Joe: “WOW! We’ll have to get back with you on that.”
Bates: “I know it’s a huge decision. Think about it, discuss it with them and get back with me in a few weeks. I have to know something by April so I can get them set up to go in August when the next school year starts.”
Joe/Bertie: “We’ll be in touch.”
After examining the scores, Bertie & Joe knew they were not ordinary. They were beautiful, intelligent, strong, and determined to make it. They discussed the move and they were more than pleased about going. In fact, they were ecstatic, especially Zoey. She was a loner and Zeina made friends with everyone she met. However, at lunch and recess, Zoey met a girl named Alexis Matterhorn. Like Zoey, she was a loner and had very few friends. This proved detrimental to them both. As for James Bates, he knew exactly what they were capable of.


Chapter 4

Phase One-Transforming

New York, New York- August 1992-May 1993

Their Destinies
The summer of ’92 was great for Zeina/Zoey because they got to play with Rachel and Alexis most of the time. They talked of living in two parts of the world. Zeina/Rachel wanted to live in Cedar Hill after they completed training while Zoey/Alexis wanted to transform Pripyat and live there. Zeina wanted them to be together, but she already knew Zoey was different. She knew they probably wouldn’t be together. The last week in August, they boarded a plane to New York. They were sad to leave Rachel and Alexis but they were very excited to go to a new city to train, which was something no other six year olds had the opportunity to do.
So Far, so good (August-December 1992)
As 1992 came to a close, Counselor Bates discovered both girls had the same powers, but one always excelled slightly if not considerably better than the other. Zoey seemed to excel at things that could get her in trouble while Zeina always excelled in a positive way. For the first year, Bates wanted them to learn simpler tasks, such as turning themselves into inanimate objects, protecting them from attackers. During the first semester, they were taught in a classroom because there were procedures on using their powers. Their homework was to practice. The second semester was hands-on to implement what they learned. Both tasks combined determined whether they advanced or not.  Zoey/Zeina discussed plans with Bates about how they were going to save the world. Of course Zoey had a different opinion than Zeina. This was a red flag.

Bates: “Girls, before we begin today’s lesson let’s discuss using your powers to ‘save the world.’ What are some examples you’d use now that you’ve been trained?”
Zeina: “As a practicing Christian, I ‘d do God’s will by encouraging people who don’t know Jesus to invite him into their hearts, get saved and seek Him first in everything they do as well as perform acts of kindness toward others. It’s one thing to know how to use powers and knowledge and I’m not saying it’s not a great thing, but God always comes first.”
Bates: “That’s a very good answer. As a devout Christian I agree. I believe many people claim to be Christian but it doesn’t reflect who they are and we must be very cautious. What do you think, Zoey?”
Zoey: “There’s a higher power and that’s Christ and the Father, but I believe you should always fear them. Anyone who’s a nonbeliever can’t be helped. If they’re not raised that way, they’d better be whenever I get ready to save the world! If not, they should be maimed, hurt or even killed!”
Bates: “That’s a very strong opinion. I hope you have a good explanation to back it up!”
Zoey: “Not really. It’s the way I feel about life. Why should I learn all this stuff when I already know it’s instilled in me from birth?”
Zeina: “It’s instilled in me too but I want to learn this. It’s very important. Besides, I want to use it to do well, not make people fear me or do harm. I want to know when to negotiate and when to use my powers.”
Bates: “Zeina’s right. You should always negotiate first and then use your power if necessary.”
Zoey: “I’m through talking about it. Besides it’s the end of the day and I want to go home and see what I can turn into and I don’t need any more lessons!”
Bates: “I’ll have to summon your Aunt Bertie and Uncle Joe. I haven’t gotten through to you in the last two months. I don’t think this program is right for you!”
Zoey: “Do what you have to do. Like I said, I don’t need to learn what I already know!”
Zeina: “I really wish you’d reconsider. I would really like for us to be a team.”
Zoey: “Lay off of it, will you?”
Counselor Bates flew Bertie and Joe to New York for an emergency conference. Zeina’s prediction about Zoey was very true.

Bates: “Did you look around at the facility? What do you think? Do you have any questions before we begin?”
Joe: “Yes we did. It’s a great facility and we liked it very much. And yes, we, or at least I have a question.”
Bates: “Sure, be my guest.”
Joe: “Why did you fly us all the way up here in the middle of the semester to speak with us? Why didn’t you wait until Christmas break to discuss their progress?”
Bertie: “I think what my husband means is that he’s not used to this travelling across the country to meetings and I feel the same way, but we both know it must be important.”
Bates: “Yes it is. You’re both doing a great job with the girls but I’m very concerned about Zoey. “
Joe: “What do you mean? They’re twins. They’ve always had the same goals, ambitions and smarts.
Bates: “It’s not that. She’s too impatient and wants to do too many things her way. She doesn’t listen to advice is afraid she’ll miss something if she’s not impulsive. Zeina’s patient does what you tell her and needs to be here. Zoey needs to go home and attend public school for a while if not permanently. She isn’t going to be much good in The Program. I can tell. And no, they’re total opposites of each other!”
Bertie: “Now look, you suggested we enroll them and I think it’s only fair they both stay in!”
Joe: “I agree with my wife and Zoey IS staying in!”
Bates: “It’s your call, but the consequences are going to be bad.”
Joe: “Is she afraid? We can get around that!”
Bates: “That’s not it at all. I told you, she’s too impulsive!”
Joe: “It doesn’t matter. She’s staying in.”
Bates: “Have it your way but you’re making a big mistake! If she must stay, we’ll have to try a different approach.”
Joe/Bertie (Unison): “Okay.”
Joe: “We’ll stay in touch.”
Bertie: “Talk to you later.”
Bates: “Bye, have a safe trip home.”
Counselor Bates’ warning to get Zoey out of the program didn’t come too soon. There wasn’t much he could do, so he was forced to try a different approach. The day before Thanksgiving, Zeina sensed something with Zoey and even interrupted class to explain her thoughts. She knew she’d probably get in trouble, but it was important.

Zeina: “Counselor Bates, Counselor Bates, I’m sorry to interrupt, but there’s something very important I have to tell you! I know talking while you’re talking is a pet peeve of yours but I have to say this!”
Bates: “Okay, but it better be good! What I teach is very important and you know I don’t like interruptions!”
Zeina: “Don’t worry sir, it is. It’s about Zoey.”
Zoey: “About me? What have I done now?”
Bates: “Be quiet Zoey, I’m speaking directly to Zeina! What is it?
Zeina: “I don’t want to sound too forward, but I know Zoey will have an issue with someone in our class today. I’m not sure who, but he/she could get hurt. When or if it happens, I’ll be there to bail her out!”
Bates: “Oh Zeina! You know better than to think that! Neither of you have had any trouble with anyone since you’ve been here. This is a school of gifted students and it doesn’t typically happen here anyway. Now, will you please let me get back to my lecture?”
Zeina: “But you’ve got to listen!”
Bates: “Ok Zeina, I warned you. Stand in the corner!”
Zoey: “Ha! Ha! Goes to show what you know, Zeina!”
Bates: “There are four corners in this room. Do you want to occupy one of them?”
Zoey: “No sir!”
Bates: “Then don’t interrupt me again!”
Zoey: “Yes sir.”
A few hours later, everyone was outside playing while Zeina stayed close to Zoey. She was still convinced something was wrong. Then it happened.

Zoey: “What’s wrong with you, sis? You’ve been hanging around me since lunch. It’s not because of that stupid prediction, is it?”
Zeina: “That’s exactly what it’s about. I don’t trust you. If you have the chance, you’ll use your powers unnecessarily and hurt someone and I’ll have to diffuse the situation.”
Zoey: “You’re being ridiculous! Nothing is going to happen!”
Zeina: “I can’t take a chance. I’m very afraid for you. You know you’re already on thin ice anyway. If you get in much more trouble, you’ll be home and out of The Program. I don’t want that. I really need you in this quest!”
Zoey: “Ok, you can hang with me but only to prove it’s a silly premonition.”
Then, Jenny Bates, the counselor’s daughter, approached Zoey and tried to pick a fight with her just as Zeina predicted. She was upset Zeina and Zoey had the audacity to interrupt her father while he was speaking and tried to handle it herself. She didn’t like Zeina and Zoey because they were the star students she was overshadowed them. She wanted to put an end to it.

Jenny: “I’m very upset with you two for interrupting my dad today!”
Zoey: “I don’t care! Besides, I don’t believe Zeina can see into the future, much less stop it from happening!”
Zeina: “Zoey, don’t! This is going down EXACTLY as I predicted! Get out now and save yourself a lot of trouble!”
Jenny: “Yeah Zoey, your sister is right!”
Zeina: “Come on Zoey! This is going to get worse if you don’t get out now!”
Zoey: “No Zeina! She obviously wants a fight and she’s going to get one!”
Jenny: (With her fists in the air): “Come on, sissy chick! Use some of those powers you’re talking about, but remember I have extra strength too!”
Zoey: “I do too, but I can change into things, remember?”
Jenny: “Well, start changing!”
Jenny threw a punch and Zoey changed into a big wooden pole!

BAM!

Jenny: “OUCH! OUCH! You broke my hand! You broke my hand! How did you do that?”
Zoey: “I told you I could. Now, are you going to leave us alone?”
Jenny: “You bet! That was very impressive! Now I need to see the nurse!”
Zoey: “Yeah, you better leave us be!”
Attempting to avoid trouble, Zeina went to Bates but it was too late. The altercation already happened. Zeina was very disappointed. If he’d listened none of this would’ve happened.

Bates: “I don’t know what I’m going to do! Zoey is in so much trouble and if she’s expelled I’ll never hear the end of it from your Aunt/Uncle. If I don’t, I’ll keep putting out fires. “
Zeina: “I told you this would happen and you didn’t believe me!”
Bates: “I’m very sorry. From now on, I WILL listen because it’ll save me trouble in the long run! I’ll trust any prediction from now on. As for you Zoey, you’re in big trouble! Stop using your powers until we get to the hands on! That’s an order!”
Zoey: “Sorry, sir. I understand.” 
Bates: “Good; now prove it!”
For the record, Zeina, Zoey, and Jenny Bates were now all friends.

Sibling Rivalry
As expected, there was sibling rivalry with Zeina/Zoey. Until now, it was almost non-existent. This was because they weren’t forced to be together during The Program. Most twins have very different personalities and Zeina & Zoey were no exception.  Counselor Bates knew this. It was the “different method” he implemented to keep Zoey with Zeina, hoping to influence her in a positive way. Unfortunately, Zoey did not like this, but Bates never gave up.

Zoey: “Why do Zeina and I have to be together so much? We have nothing in common. I don’t understand.”
Bates: “That’s why it’s called a different approach. We have to learn to get along with others because if we don’t this world will be a tougher place to live in. It’s already tough enough. Why make it worse?”
Zeina: “He’s right. I think it’s a great idea and we should try it. You’re my twin sister. We share the same powers, the same womb and the same parents. All we have besides each other are Aunt Bertie, Uncle Joe and Harold. In order for the “Save the World” conquest to work, we can and must work out issues. Now, do you understand?”
Zoey: “Yeah, you want control everything and you think your way is the best!”
Zeina: “I’ve about had enough of your lip! If you don’t shut up, I’ll make you!”
Zoey: “Go ahead, make me!”
Zeina: “All right, I will!”
Zeina walked across the classroom and proceeds to slap Zoey in the face.

Zoey: “You better think twice before you do that! If you try to hit me, I’ll turn into a pole or something worse, like I did with Jenny!”
Zeina: “I’m not Jenny and I wouldn’t try it!”
When Zeina went to slap her, Zoey turned a wooden pole but it didn’t work. Zeina turned into an electric saw! Zoey immediately turned back as did Zeina.

Zeina: “I can change over too! I don’t like doing it unless it’s necessary, but I will!”
Zoey: “I see what you mean. You’re not half bad sis!”
Bates: That’s exactly what I’m talking about. This is why you HAVE to listen like your sister! She’s just as good but there has to be a change.”
Zoey: “I understand.”
Bates: “That’s fine but you know I have to tell Aunt Bertie and Uncle Joe.”
Zoey: “Yes sir.”
Bates: “Zeina, you’ve done great this semester and I have nothing but good to report.”
Zeina: “Thank you, sir. It’s been a great pleasure working with you!”
Bates: “I declare this session over. Have a great Christmas break and I’ll see you all next year. We begin the hands-on part of the training then. Please be ready.”
Students: “YAY!!
The first semester of training went fairly well for James Bates and he thought he had control over the girls. The next day on Dec. 21, Zeina/Zoey arrived at DFW Airport for Christmas. Aunt Bertie and Uncle Joe were very proud to see them and they had a surprise. They were going to visit their Aunt Josephine and Uncle Rudy in Oklahoma! They were very close to them and their children, George, Jerry, Ruth and Rupert, who was two years older. They stayed for a week, and came home with news. Counselor Bates was in town for the holidays and wanted meet with Bertie and Joe. The news was good and bad.

Bad Reports/Good Reports- (January 1993)
As Christmas break ended, Bates met with everyone about the girls’ progress and issues. It wasn’t what they wanted to address during Christmas break, but they knew it had to be discussed.

Bates: “I have some great news and some not so great news.”
Joe: “Give us the bad news first.”
Bates: “I don’t like to address the negatives because it lowers self-esteem, so I’m giving you the good news first. Since it’s one of the few times they’re present, I’d like them to know where they’re doing well and where they aren’t.”
Joe: “Okay, whatever you think is best.”
Bates: “First of all, they’re both progressing well, especially Zoey in this exercise. She’s spontaneous and eager to employ her skills where Zeina is more willing to learn before she attempts anything. Zeina’s behavior is impeccable. She takes my advice very seriously and thinks before she acts.”
Zoey: “What about me? You’ve given Zeina all the praise! Where’s mine?”
Uncle Joe: “Be quiet, Zoey! No one asked you to speak, did they?”
Bates: “It’s okay. It’s the way I taught them. They should speak up when they have a question. I was getting there. Zoey, I can’t praise you like I praised Zeina because you haven’t earned it. You do too much on your own and you don’t listen! Now, I want you to work on that with your aunt & uncle during the few days you have left of vacation.”
Joe: “Oh yeah, I’ll whip Zoey within an inch of her life!”
Bates: “NO, that’s the worst thing you can do! She’ll be more aggressive and more despondent! You have to let me handle it! Zoey, if you don’t change, I can’t let you play with your friends or advance to the next level of training. Do you understand?”
Zoey: “Yes sir. I promise I’ll do better.”
Bates: “I know you will, and Zeina, keep up the great work. See Mr. Jones, that’s all you have to do.”
Zeina: “Thank you, sir.”
Bates: “You’re more than welcome, young lady. You deserve it.”
Bertie: “Thanks for meeting with us, Mr. Bates.”
Bates: “You’re welcome.”
Bates adjourned the meeting knowing he had everything under control but as soon as they got home, Joe spanked Zoey. Bates was right. It made things much worse. Joe apologized but it was too late. The damage was done.  She minded better but she was more set in her ways. Back in New York, Bates met regularly with Zoey and she seemed much better. In fact, the last six weeks of Phase one, she showed remarkable progress. It was just enough to advance her to Phase two.

Training Revelations- May 1993
The second semester of the girls’ training went extremely well. As expected, Zeina had perfect marks and there was no doubt she advanced to the next level. Zoey made remarkable progress, listened to everything Bates had to say and didn’t get in any more trouble. In fact, she improved so much there was no doubt she was going to San Francisco in the fall. She got 90 out of 100 which was up from 55 earlier in the year.
The girls knew how to change into different objects such as cars, poles and trees.  There were a few instances where they used it. The concern for Zoey was still there but she cooperated very well. After a long and challenging year, they were tired and eager to get home and have an enjoyable summer and to see their old friends. Zoey was sad to leave Alexis, but she knew they’d together in San Francisco in the fall. Zeina was equally excited because Rachel was going to San Francisco. Zeina’s influence made her eligible for The Program too. As the plane touched down at DFW the reunion began!


Chapter 5

Summer in Cedar Hill
The summer wasn’t the reunion the girls hoped for. They were very glad to see Aunt Bertie, Uncle Joe, Harold and Rachel, but their peers made it rough. They were jealous of their new found fame which turned the neighborhood into a battle ground. When they went outside, they dealt with another set of twin girls who lived across the street. They bullied them because they were intimidated by their powers. They provoked them by throwing rocks and picking fights. Their influence was another girl who was six days younger than them. During the summer, things went from bad to worse. Zoey wanted to react but Zeina held back. Zeina knew she could handle them, but it wasn’t necessary yet. Then, Zeina couldn’t hold Zoey.

Zoey: “I’ve had enough of your big mouth! You better shut it or I’ll knock you up and down this street!”
Jamie Coffman: “I’d like to see you try, special girl!”
Janie Coffman: “What’s going on? What are you doing over here, Zoey Merchins? You better get back over to your turf before you have trouble!”
Zoey: “Oh yeah! What are you going to do about it?”
Zeina came out of the house with a glass of water. When she saw what was going on she threw it on the ground and went to her sister’s aid.

Zeina: “Zoey! Get back over here! What do you think you’re doing?”
Zoey: “Stay out of this, Zeina! This doesn’t concern you! I’ve had it and I’m going to settle it once and for all!”
Shawna Bowers: “Hey you two! Leave my friends alone unless you want a fat lip!”
Zoey: “Bring it on! I can whip you with one hand behind my back! HIT ME!”
Zeina: “Girls, Girls, can we reason? Why do you all have to harass us? What have we done to you?”
Shawna: “Okay, Ms. Goodie Zeina! Be quiet! This is between me and your sister!”
Zeina: “She’s my sister and it’s my job to defend her. Besides, you need to stop harassing us! I’m usually pretty calm, but right now I’m working up a huge anger. Are you going to leave us alone?”
Shawna, Jamie, and Janie formed a circle around Zeina/Zoey and stepped toward them, making it three against two.

Shawna: “Now’s your chance to surrender. What’s it going to be?”
Jamie: “Yeah, what’s it going to be?”
Janie: “What’s it going to be?”
Zeina: “We have to fight!”
Zoey: “YEAH! We fight!”
Zeina and Zoey punched Jamie and Janie in the face with an uppercut and knocked them down. Shawna swept both feet from under them, knocking them to the ground. Jamie and Janie got back up and Janie started pulling Zoey’s hair and Jamie started pulling Zeina’s. It looked like defeat was imminent.

Shawna: “Y’all give up yet?”
Zeina: “Never!”
Zoey: “NEVER!”
Shawna: “Sounds like you’re pretty whipped to me!”
Zeina turned into a Doberman and started biting Shawna’s heels, causing her to fall to the ground. Zoey turned into a wolverine and attacked Janie and Jamie.

Zeina (Doberman-in a growling voice): “Now, are you going to leave us alone? HUH! HUH!”
Shawna: (Screaming): “I GIVE UP! I GIVE UP! I PROMISE! I WILL NEVER BOTHER YOU AGAIN! CAN WE CALL A TRUCE?”
Zeina turned back to herself. She was very surprised and knew Zeina &Zoey were special, but Zoey still fought.

Zoey: (Wolverine- In a chilling deep voice): “What if I kill you two right now! You know I can! In fact, I think I will! At least I won’t have trouble with you again!”
Jamie: (Screaming): NO! NO, PLEASE DON’T DO THAT! WE PROMISE WE’LL LEAVE YOU ALONE!”
Janie: (Screaming): “PLEASE HAVE MERCY! I PROMISE I’LL LEAVE YOU ALONE! YOU WARNED ME AND I DIDN’T LISTEN! PLEASE!!!”
Zeina: (Yelling):“Zoey, STOP, and STOP!! YOU’RE GOING TO KILL THEM!” YOU HAVE TO STOP NOW! REMEMBER WHAT BATES SAID?”
Zoey: (Hollering): “WHY SHOULD I? I WARNED THEM AND THEY DIDN’T OBEY ME. NOW THEY MUST DIE!”
Zeina: (Screaming): “ZOEY, IF YOU DON’T LET THEM GO I’LL TAKE YOU OUT!”
Zoey: (Screaming):“DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO!”
Zeina turned into a big black bear and pulled her from Janie and Jamie. Luckily, they only had battle wounds, but it could’ve been much worse.

Zeina: “COME ON, ZOEY! LET GO! YOU CAN’T KILL THEM! THIS IS JUST A CHILDHOOD DISPUTE! THIS IS NOT A KILL OR BE KILLED SITUATION!”
Zoey (Turning back): “Okay, I suppose you’re right!”
Jamie: “You two are something else! I’m impressed!”
Janie: “YEAH!”
Zoey: “You best remember that! Next time it’ll be much worse!”
Jamie: “There won’t be a next time.”
Janie: “Yeah! What do you say, Shawna? Are they cool now?”
Shawna: “Whatever you say, Janie! I’m certainly not going to mess with them again!”
Zoey: “You better not or else!”
Zeina: “Okay now, Zoey! It’s over. Let it lay.”
Zoey: “Fine.”
For the remainder of the summer they couldn’t go outside. Joe and Bertie weren’t concerned about them but for the safety of the neighborhood children. The summer went by too fast for Joe and Bertie and they weren’t ready for them to leave but wanted to talk to them.

Joe: “Zeina, Zoey, we want to talk to you a minute.”
Bertie: “Yes girls, please sit. This is very important.”
Joe: “This is your last week and we’ve enjoyed you this summer. We’re very proud of your great accomplishments. We admire you standing up to those girls but we’re also scared you’re going to hurt someone.  Be extremely careful with your powers and do what the counselor tells you. He knows what he’s talking about.”
Zeina: “We will. That was a rare thing. We were tired of Janie, Jamie and Shauna picking on us and I had to protect Zoey.”
Bertie: “Honey, I’m not concerned about you. You are very good at controlling yourself. You did what you had to do.”
Zoey: “Kind-of like me, huh?”
Joe: “I can’t give you that one. They were only teasing you. You have to control your temper. I admire you standing up for yourself, but you started it.”
Zoey: “I’m sorry. I’d had enough.”
Bertie/Joe (Unison): “We know.”
Joe: “We understand, just be careful. We love you and wish you the best on your new venture.”
Zoey/Zeina (Unison): “We love you too!”


Chapter 6

Phase Two-Water

San Francisco, CA (Aug. 1993-May 1994)
As the plane descended on San Francisco, the girls saw the Golden Gate Bridge. They were accompanied by Rachel Cox and her rival, Alexis Matterhorn. Rachel was very intelligent, sweet and best friends with Zeina. Alexis Matterhorn was also very intelligent, but conniving, deceitful and best friends with Zoey. On the way to San Francisco, Zeina had an important question.

Zeina: “Why are we going to San Francisco? Why can’t we learn this in Cedar Hill? It seems like a lot of money and time to travel for training.”
Bates: “They’re the best areas for you to learn. San Francisco has a lot of water and this will be beneficial because I want you to create storms and turn into rivers. Water is an offense tool you’ll need to use later in life.”
Zoey: “WOW, we’re going to create storms, floods and rivers? That’s cool!!”
Bates: “Now wait a minute! Remember when you turned into objects last year and that incident? That was a defensive part of your training. This is an offensive part of your training and you have to be much, much more careful!”
Zeina: “That’s right. I’m excited to learn it too but I’m a little scared. I’ve barely figured out how to use the first phase without hurting others. I don’t know how to use this offensive training.”
Bates: “Zeina’s right and very wise. I know I keep telling you but you must understand. You did much better at the end of the last session but you have to be very careful with this. Do you understand?”
Zoey: “I suppose.”
Bates: “Very good, now take a few days to rest and we’ll get started. The first step is learning to swim. You have to learn that before we can proceed.”
Zoey: “Ah, why do we have to have lessons?”

Bates: “You’ll have to trust me. Now, get settled and I’ll see you at the city pool in a few days.”
After a few days of rest and sight -seeing, the girls began phase two. This allowed Rachel, Zeina, Zoey and Alexis to catch up. This was the first time Rachel and Alexis met. At first, they got along fairly well. It looked like Bates’ prediction was false, but Zeina wasn’t so sure. Zeina’s prediction again proved right.

Alexis: “Don’t you ever talk about my friend Zoey like that again or I’ll punch you!”
Rachel: “Please don’t accuse me of talking about her! I only said Zoey seemed to be an influence on you and you’re like her. You said it yourself!”
Alexis: “I can say it, you can’t!”
Rachel: “I don’t know what the big deal is. We both agree you and Zoey are alike. Everybody knows that.”
Alexis dunked Rachel for 30 seconds. Rachel had to break free and wiggle her way to get back to the surface. Then, Bates came out.

Bates: “What’s going on? You all need to learn to swim and be allies. Why are you fighting? Y’all have made great progress. Get out of the pool! I want to talk! Zeina, Zoey, come see me!”
Zeina: “I didn’t see anything until Rachel got back above water.”
Alexis: “Oh shut up, Zeina! You don’t know what you’re talking about!”
Bates: “I don’t want to hear anything about it! Zeina, I believe you. What about you, Zoey? Did you know anything about this?”
Zoey: “No, I saw the same thing as Zeina.”
Zeina: “She’s telling the truth. She didn’t see anything either.”
Zoey: “Thanks, Zeina. For once you’re right. Thanks for defending me.”
Bates: “You’ve influenced Alexis and I’m guessing she defended you. Isn’t that right, Alexis?”
Alexis: “Yes sir, I was. I think Zoey is great!”
Bates: “She’s doing better but she needs to quit. Don’t you, Zoey?”
Zoey: “I suppose.”
Bates: “That’s a start. Rachel, please stay away from Alexis as much as possible. I sense bad things. Zoey, be careful about what you put into Alexis’ head. If it wasn’t for you, she wouldn’t be here either.”
By the end of September, the twins swam like fish. They learned to tread water, dive, fly through the air and land, as well as float on top of the water. They couldn’t walk on it, but were close. By the first week in October, Bates knew it was time to go to the bay. This was cool because they practiced in front to the Golden Gate Bridge. They performed spectacular feats, while the rest of the class watched.
In the following weeks, the girls trained hard. Bates knew, as did the girls, there was much more to learn. As always, Zoey was more than ready. Zeina was very skeptical and wanted more classroom time. She had to overcome because this phase required a much more hands on approach. After Bates gave the okay, Zeina was ready. Bates needed them to focus.

Zeina: “This is hard, counselor. I don’t know how I’m going to do it!”
Zoey: “What’s so hard about it, Zeina? Look, I can do it!”
Zoey created a small storm with lightning! Zeina was amazed.

Zoey: “See, all you have to do is focus! It’s like Bates says, you have to have a hands on approach. I’m better at disappearing, reappearing and creating storms, while you’re better turning into water and rivers.
We already know you’re much better at turning into objects.”
Bates: “Zoey’s right. Try it and see how it works.”
Zeina tried it again, and was an immediate success!

Zeina: “WOW that was awesome! Why didn’t I try it before?”
Bates: “You weren’t sure of yourself. Now you have it and you should be very proud!”
Zeina: “Thanks, you two! I needed that!”
Bates: “Don’t mention it. It was all you. We only gave you advice. Don’t underestimate yourself; otherwise you’ll sell yourself short. I didn’t pick you as my top student for nothing!”
Zoey: “HEY! What did you mean by that?”
Bates: “You’re great too. All you need to do is listen, rather do your own thing without instruction. Actually, this is something both of you can work on. You’re too eager and Zeina is too passive. Y’all need to meet in the middle.”
Zeina: “I agree.”
Zoey: “Me too.”
Bates: “Good; I expect to see it.
After two weeks of practice, the girls were ready to go back into the bay to create major storms. This proved to be one of the most important things in their quests. Bates also wanted to see if they took his advice to meet in the middle and they seemed to handle it.

Bates: “It’s too clear out here for storms. Make those clouds roll in! We need rain. Create some energy! We’ve got to prove these weather people wrong!”
Zoey: “You got it, counselor! I’ve waited to do this for weeks!”
Bates: “Well, now’s your chance! Go for it!”
Zoey: “You got it!”
Zoey swam a few yards from Zoey, closed her eyes, raised her arms and yelled for the rain.

Zoey: “Bring on the lightning! Bring on the rain! Bring on the floods!”
Thirty seconds later, the sky opened up and it poured rain putting an end to the wildfires!

Bates: “That was awesome! Now call of the rain!”
Zoey: “Sure thing, counselor.”
Bates: “That was great! Thank you. Zeina, it’s your turn!”
Zeina: “Sure thing, counselor.”
Zeina did the same thing and the same happened, putting out the remaining fires. This knocked a huge dent in the drought and saved hundreds of homes! The girls were heroes! This wasn’t done to stop the drought, but necessary for training.
Newsman: “A welcome amount of rain fell over the city today. Most areas got well over two inches, a very welcome site to many who weren’t expecting it.”
Weather man: “Yes, very welcome indeed. Around 2 O’clock the skies just opened up and gave us a very welcome and refreshing rain. The forecast didn’t call for this!”
Bates: “We know what happened, don’t we girls?”
Zeina/Zoey: (Unison): “We sure did!”

Tweaking it up (January-May 1994)
The rest of the time in San Francisco was spent tweaking their skills. They spent the last four months of the year practicing what they’d learned the first semester. Rachel and Alexis also learned much from Zeina and Zoey. Alexis’ influence was Zoey, while Rachel’s was Zeina. For a change, Zoey had a bigger desire to learn than do hands-on. She was still a long way from proving Bates wrong about being Zeina’s sidekick. He still had to see it to believe it. At least for now, he was very positive in his report to Joe and Bertie.
On Apr. 25, Bates conducted the semi-annual conference with Zeina, Zoey, Bertie and Joe. As in the previous year, he had great news to share about Zeina. She only used her powers when it was absolutely necessary and listened before attempting anything. In fact, he was concerned for her lack of assertiveness, but she was getting better. Zoey was the other way around. However, he had much better news about her. He still thought it was a mistake to keep her in The Program. He advised her not to get too aggressive when things got tough. She enjoyed her power too much and he knew she was going to use it again when she went home.

What we know so far
With two phases done the girls were ready to go to Las Vegas for the Fire & Ice phase. Like the Water Phase, this was a highly offensive program. Both girls could turn into anything they wanted and disappear and reappear up to ten miles in either direction to escape peril. This was Phase One. These were defensive procedures that required no aggression except for when they turned into animals. Phase Two was more offensive. They turned into rivers & streams and created storms. They went above and beyond what they learned and took this knowledge with them to Cedar Hill the following summer before they went to Las Vegas in the fall. Zeina is most proficient at turning into water and rivers as well as turning into anything she needs. Zoey is most proficient with creating storms and disappearing and reappearing, although both girls are able to do all stunts.


Chapter 7

Return to Cedar Hill (That Summer)
Unlike the previous summer, the girls were the town celebrities. Defeating the neighborhood bullies last summer left them with little opposition. It was like they were in a totally different place. The town even had a parade to welcome them back! There was much excitement.

Zeina: “Wow, did you ever see so much excitement?”
Zoey: “What did you expect? We’re celebrities now!”
Zeina: “A little modesty. It’s not that big of deal. We’re normal. Having special powers doesn’t make us better than everyone else.”
Bertie: “Zeina’s right. Why do you have to act so conceited?” 
Zoey: “I like to let everyone know I’m special.”
Zeina: “Yep, that’s you alright!”
Joe: “Okay you two! Sit back and enjoy the ride and quit arguing. I want the time we have together to be memorable.”
Twins: (Unison): “Yes, sir.”
Joe: “Thank you.”
Zeina and Zoey weren’t the only ones receiving a warm welcome. Alexis & Rachel were also honored for doing well. Everyone was glad to be home for the summer. They already worked with Zeina and Zoey. In fact, they were friends with nearly all former enemies. On a hot July day, they held a meeting and announced to everyone they had their backs. Joe/Bertie held a BBQ in their honor.

Zeina: (Shouting): “HEY Y’ALL, GATHER ROUND! I NEED TO TALK TO YOU!”
Everyone for blocks gathered on Lisa Lane to hear Zeina and Zoey speak.

Zeina: “Hello everyone. We’ve been training the last two years. Unfortunately we have not attended school with you. You’re forever in our hearts. I want to tell you as long as we’re around, NO ONE, and I mean NO ONE will bully you! If they try, please tell me or Zoey and we’ll back you up!”
Bystander: “What if you’re not around? You’re going to San Francisco in the fall, right?”
Zeina: “Yes, but you can still call on us! We have people who can help you if needed. We don’t tolerate that type of behavior while we’re here or gone! Don’t worry about that!” We used to be enemies, but that’s in the past and I’d like to forget it! You know where you stand with us. Now, here’s my lovely sister Zoey.” 
The crowd: YEAH! LONG LIVE THE TWINS, ZEINA AND ZOEY!”

Zoey speaks

Zoey: “Thank you, thank you, thank you, no applause necessary! We all know I’m great! Just kidding, I just want to add to what Zeina said to all bullies out there. Not only will you be dealt with if you try to start trouble, you’ll be severely hurt and believe me we have the power to do it and we won’t hesitate to use it!”
Zeina: “Zoey! What are you doing? This is not what we agreed on! Quit saying that to these people! You’re only making it worse! Step down before you cause a scene. Too many people still remember what happened last summer! We took care of those problems last year. Come down from there!”
Zeina saved Zoey again by putting her hand over her mouth and pulling her off the lectern while Joe quickly broke up the crowd.

Joe: “Thanks, Zeina. Please take her in the house and the rest of you, please go home! Thanks for coming. We enjoyed it. We’ll let you know when we have another gathering.”
Joe had another talk with Zoey.

Joe: “Zoey, Zoey, Zoey. When are you going to learn, honey? You can’t be so aggressive!  I know you want to protect us, but Zeina was very tactful and said what was necessary. You did so well with the counselor last year. Why are you so inconsistent?”
Zoey (Crying): “I don’t know, Uncle Joe. I still feel like I’m in Zeina’s shadow.
Joe: “I thought you got over that a long time ago. You know we treat you and Zeina equally.”
Zoey: “I know. I guess I don’t have the patience.”
Joe: “Hang in there. You’ll get there. You should follow your sister. Do you think you can do that?”
Zoey: “Yes sir.”
Joe: “Good.”
Zeina reassured her everything was okay. However, the damage was already done. The bullies were ready to fight just to test Zoey’s big mouth. Throughout the summer it was quiet. When it got tense, all Zeina had to do was show up. Because of the incident the Joneses kept Zoey isolated. She agreed because she made a mistake and knew there was going to be trouble. They were right. There was still a small group of bullies who remembered and they were not intimidated. On the morning of July 25th, the girls awoke to chants. They knew it meant trouble. They were the Sanderson’s. Before Zeina and Zoey came back, they knew they had a following. They were very popular and it was a threat to their esteem. They didn’t believe anyone could have that kind of power. They found out differently.

John Sanderson: “All right you wimpy girls come out and fight! We’re boys! Let’s see if you can handle us! Come on, CHICKENS! I heard your speech, Zoey! Let’s see if you’re as tough as that mouth! COME ON!”
Zeina: “Zoey, Zoey, wake up! We’ve got trouble!”
Zoey: “UGH, what now?”

Outside, the girls were face to face with all seven of them!

Zeina: “Will y’all be quiet! Aunt Bertie is sleeping we don’t want to wake her. She’ll have a fit! It’s something she can’t handle, but we can! Now please get out of here!”
John Sanderson: “Not until we settle the score!”
Zeina: “What score? We’ve been quiet all summer with the exception of what happened with Zoey at the very beginning of the summer, but why did you wait almost two months to raise a fuss?”
John S: “That’s right! That time. That’s why we’re here and we aren’t leaving without a fight! We still don’t believe you girls are superior around here! No girl will EVER beat us! All we’ve heard is how great y’all are! Let’s see!”
Zoey: “HA, just try and beat us! I have two words for you. You’ll lose!”
Zeina: “Be quiet, Zoey. I’m trying to negotiate with them.”
Zoey: “Yeah, you would!”
John S: “We’re not leaving without a fight. We’ll stay here all day if we have to.”
Zeina: “Okay, Okay. I see you won’t go away until we prove ourselves, but not here. Let’s go to the park. Its bad enough we have to fight at all, but it’s even worse doing it in the neighborhood. Name the time and day! Let’s put an end of this ridiculousness. We’ve gone the whole summer without trouble and I despise fighting but if we must we must.”
John S: “How about noon today?”
Zoey: “You got it! Bring a lunch! It’s going to take a while!”
Zeina; “Shut up, Zoey! You got us into this in the first place!”
Zoey: “Don’t blame me! They said they were coming after us anyway.”
Zeina: “I suppose. Anyway, this is no time to argue.”
Zoey: “You’re right.”
As promised, they arrived at 12 O’clock on the dot. It didn’t take long. The Sanderson’s surrounded them in a circle and charged them. They turned into pit bulls and attacked, similar to the Lisa Lane battle the summer before. There was no longer a gender issue in Cedar Hill. The girls proved themselves.
The rest of the summer was quiet. Everyone knew they had no competition. Everyone from miles around was on their bandwagon. “Don’t be afraid, we have your backs” was the common phrase. Everyone knew the Merchins’ name.

The Prophecy/Pripyat
As the summer ended so did the time with Uncle Joe and Aunt Bertie. It was very hard for them to leave this time. They were both older and Zeina figured they wouldn’t be around much longer. The night before they left for Las Vegas, they had a BBQ for them and their closest friends. Zoey shared her prophecy for the first time with Zeina.

Zeina: “What are you thinking?
Zoey: “How can you tell I was thinking anything?”
Zeina: “Because I know you.”
Zoey: “That’s a good reason. We have dominated everyone here and I think it’s time we think about the future.”
Zeina: “You’re getting ahead of yourself, aren’t you sis? It’s a long time before we have to start thinking of that.”
Zoey: “Oh I know, but it’s not like we can’t dream!”
Zeina: “I suppose. I’m almost afraid to ask, but what are you dreaming about?”
Zoey: “Pripyat.”
Zeina: “Pripyat? Why there? There’s nothing there but radioactivity. No one can live there for 400 years!”
Zoey: “That’s the beauty of it! By the time we go, we’ll have learned all we need to know about transforming it. This year we learned how to create fire/ice, next year we learn retrogression. Bates already has this planned! Think about it, we could bring it back to before 1986, bring the people up to date and make it the headquarters for our mission.”
Zeina: “How are we going to do that?”
Zoey: “That’s where you come in!”
Zeina: “WHAT?”
Zoey: “Bates already thinks you have the ability to stop things before they happen and will you’ll be the best at it. Think about it!”
Zeina: “Okay, I will. That actually sounds like a good idea, but let’s gets through the next couple of years. One condition, though.”
Zoey: “What’s that?”
Zeina: “Don’t tell Uncle Joe and Aunt Bertie.”
Zoey: “Are you kidding? They’re the last one’s I’d tell!”
Zeina: “Good.”
Zoey: “Sounds fair. All I have to say is “PRIPYAT HERE WE COME!”
Zeina: “Ok.”
Zeina thought about Pripyat and although she went along with Zoey’s plan, she already sensed danger. If she got along with Zoey, things could work out, but if they continued the path they were on, couldn’t see it working. Only time would tell


Chapter 8

Phase Three-Fire & Ice-August-1994-May 1995- 

Fire (Zoey)-Las Vegas, NV –August 1994
With the “Pripyat Plan” on the agenda, the girls bid adieu to Uncle Joe & Aunt Bertie. This was a difficult phase because the girls had two places to train. Counselor Bates wanted each girl to do a semester in the city they were most proficient. On the morning of August 25, they arrived in Las Vegas. The training didn’t start for a week, but it gave the girls a chance to tour Vegas. Bates wanted to train them with the “fire” because it was hot and it helped them with throwing fire at targets.
Still to Zoey’s dismay, Bates attempted to show Zeina and Zoey how to use power in the classroom and discuss the best situation for it. Las Vegas was especially for Zoey because she was great with fire. She only had four months to study, two in the classroom and two hands-on. As always, Zoey only wanted hands-on. Bates was fed up and called Joe and Bertie to come to Vegas. He wanted her out of The Program. This time for good!

Zoey (Yelling): “We go thru this every time and I’m sick of it! I do better with hands on! You know I do!” Why do I have to sit in the classroom? I HATE it!”
Zeina: “Please don’t start! You know we have to do this. Without knowing how to use it, we’re liable to set something on fire. Do you want that? I’m trying to help you! Please don’t make it tougher than it is.”
Bates: “Zeina’s right. You must overcome this problem. In fact, you can’t continue The Program unless you adapt soon.  Either you hurry and deal it or you’re out of here at the end of this session!”
Zoey: “Do what you have to do! I’m sick of it!”
Bates: “Fine, I will. I’ll call your aunt and uncle!”
Zoey: “Call them! See if I care. I’m ready to end this!”
Bates: “That makes two of us!”

A few days later, Bertie and Joe arrive.

Joe: “I’m very tired of making these long trips every time there’s a problem. What’s Zoey done now? Couldn’t we have talked over the phone? You know that’s what a phone is for, right?”
Bates: “No, we can’t. I need to meet with you face to face. Zoey can’t stay in The Program. It’s the same thing every year! She just doesn’t like classrooms! Without classroom preparation, she CANNOT and WILL NOT be allowed to go any further! This is the END OF THE LINE!”
Bertie: “Do you mean she isn’t getting it? She’s had high marks since the beginning.”
Bates: “I know, but she does NOT want to listen! She tries to do too much on her own! I couldn’t keep her here if I wanted and quite frankly, I don’t!”

Zoey comes in the room.

Zoey: (Sobbing): “I made a huge mistake! I feel very bad about the other day and I WANT to stay in The Program! Please let me stay!”
Bates: “It’s not a good idea! You don’t have the personality or patience. You’re far too aggressive and that’s very dangerous. I’ve explained over and over! Your skills are impeccable, but this program involves strict discipline. The higher you go, the more dangerous it is and bottom line, you don’t have it! Zeina’s the one we need.”
Zoey: “But she’s too passive. Why is she suited for it and I’m not?”
Bates: “You’re correct. She is a little too passive but she also has the patience and personality for it. It’s much easier to teach a person to be assertive if they’re too passive, as opposed to the other way around. Do you understand that?”

Joe intervenes on Zoey’s behalf.

Joe: “You can tell Zoey is sincere. Is there any possible way you can keep her?”
Bates (Hesitant): “All right, but you must understand this is it! There will be no more exceptions; period! You got that Zoey?”
Zoey: “I promise I’ll never do it again!”
Bates: “I certainly hope you keep your promise this time. You can come back, but you must understand the rules. Use your power only when necessary. Fire is very dangerous and you must learn how to use it! That goes for you too Zeina, even though I already know you’ll be careful.”
Zeina and Zoey: (Unison): “Yes sir.”
Zoey still breathed a sigh of relief while Zeina aptly focused on her studies with the fire aspect of the training. She already knew she wasn’t as good as Zoey but she constantly studied the drills. Zoey knew she was on thin ice. In fact, Zeina, Zoey, Uncle Joe and Aunt Bertie all feared this might be her last year with The Program. She did not enjoy being in the classroom at all, but knew she had no choice. However, class was over it was time to start hands on, much to Zoey’s satisfaction.

Bates: “Okay now, I want you to pay attention. You see the targets directly in front of you? Make sure you stay on them and don’t fire at ANYTHING ELSE. DO NOT HIT ANYTHING ELSE! That means cars, houses or people. Do you understand?”
Zoey: “You know how I am. I won’t do ANYTHING to this DESSERT! Hello, it’s a dessert! What could I destroy, except maybe a cactus? They don’t burn anyway, so what’s the big deal?”
Zeina: “Do you want to risk getting kicked out of The Program?”
Bates: “Your sister’s right, you’re on very thin ice! Now, shall we get started?”
As they took turns on the targets, which included piles of and brush starting with the largest and closest ones first, getting farther and smaller toward the end to increase accuracy and distance. After a few weeks of practice Zeina shot from 80 yards with 98% accuracy and Zoey shot from 100 yards with 99% accuracy. Zoey tried to boost her already expanding ego and didn’t take it seriously where Zeina took it very seriously. This created a problem and Zeina once again found herself covering for Zoey.

Zoey: “This target practice boring! Let’s take out some sagebrush. There’s a nice big pile of it over there!”
Zeina: “You can’t be serious! Bates will put you on a plane back to Cedar Hill so fast your head will spin! Besides, I don’t feel like covering for you today! I’m very tired of covering for you!”
Zoey: “You don’t have to. Besides, sagebrush doesn’t burn for very long!”
Zoey focused her eyes upon a cactus and sagebrush and fire darted out of her eyes! The flames went 50 yards!

Zoey: “OH NO! The fire is spreading! Bates is going to kill me! What are we going to do?”
Zeina: “Whose ‘we?’ It’s your mess! I can’t keep covering for you! This is very serious and you have to treat it that way!”
Zoey: “But you have to do something! I don’t know how to stop this!”
Zeina: “You really should take the fall, but I’ll help you. Keep in mind I’m only doing this because we’re sisters!”
Zeina turned into a flooding river three feet wide, rushed toward the fire and immediately put it out, changing back before Bates realized what happened.

Bates: “What happened? Why have you two stopped practicing? We don’t have much time! Quit clowning around!”
Zoey and Zeina: (Unison): “Okay, sorry. We’ll get right back on it!”
Bates: “You better. We’re on a tight schedule.”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison): “Yes sir.”
Zoey: “Whew! That was close!”
Zeina: “Uh, huh. Just don’t put me in a situation like that again.”
Zoey: “Sorry.”
Zeina: “Okay, but that’s not cutting it anymore.”
Zoey: “Whatever.”
Zeina: “You’ll be thinking ‘whatever’ next year when you’re in Cedar Hill and I’m in Seattle.”
Back in Cedar Hill, no one mentioned the incident to Joe and Bertie. Both girls had the ability to produce fire. Now they had to get used to the cold.

Ice (Zeina)-Barrow, AK-January 1995
Christmas of ‘94 was unusually cold for the Dallas area, which was good practice for when they went to Barrow. Even Bates was concerned about the cold, but they did surprisingly well. He never adjusted. They always asked “What cold?”
Zeina was especially excited because she already knew she was good at freezing things. She focused on something and it froze in seconds! As always she learned as much as possible in class before she went into the field. Zoey was very poor with freezing. This was not good, considering her dilemma. When Bates and the Joneses met in early January, they didn’t expect Zoey to still be in The Program. They didn’t expect her to do exactly what she was told. Still she didn’t like class, but she knew if she had any chance of staying she had to comply.
As the weeks passed, Zeina did as Bates always predicted. She was already a standout. She was extremely studious, patient and ready to take on the world. Halfway through the semester he did something he’d never done. He privately met with both of them. Zeina went first.

Bates: “You’re probably wondering why I called you her, aren’t you?”
Zeina: “The thought crossed my mind. Did I do anything wrong? If so, tell me. Whatever the problem, you know I can correct it.”
Bates: “Why is it every time I call someone in my office, they think it’s bad? You’re doing great! That’s why you’re in here. I’m doing something a little different this semester. Rather than call your auntie and uncle for the consultation, I’m going to talk to you and Zoey one on one.”
Zeina: “I’m glad we can do this without having them come to us. What do you want to talk about?”
Bates: “I just want to say you’re doing great! Keep up the good work! You’re right on pace with where I thought you’d be. You’ve been a great pleasure to work with and I always look forward to you coming back. You work well with Jenny, Rachel and even Zoey.  However, I’m very concerned about Jenny. She’s too heavily influenced by Zoey and I want her to stop hanging around with her. Please try to be positive encouragement for her.”
Zeina: “I plan to do that, sir. I know she’s confused, but you have my word I’ll get her to follow my lead. I did the same with Rachel and look at where she is.”
Bates: “That’s exactly what I’m talking about. Rachel chose to be in The Program, but I have very little doubt that you were a big part of encouraging her to work for it. Anyway, keep up the good work. Tell Zoey I need to see her.”
Zeina: “Sure; thank you, sir. I’ve enjoyed every minute of this training too.”
Moments later, Zoey came to Mr. Bates office.

Bates: “Hi Zoey, how are you? Do you know why you’re here?”
Zoey: “I’m hoping you’re going to tell me how much better I’m doing!”
Bates: “Not exactly what I was going to say. It’s not that you haven’t tried, but I still don’t think you have the patience. I’ve said it before. You have so much power, but you don’t know how to use it. Let’s face the facts. You’re in a very dangerous situation and your temper and impatience makes it even worse! I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but this is the problem.”
Zoey: “Well, if that isn’t the most upsetting thing! I thought you wanted to keep me here!”
Bates: “I do and I will. I’ve been tutoring you a long time and there’s no need to change. There are things you can do better than your sister and there are things she can do better than you. If that was the only issue, it wouldn’t be so tough. Your sister is much more tactful and much more patient than you. Sure, it’s possible to change but I’ve very rarely seen it.”
Zoey: “How rare is it? There are others like us?”
Bates: “That’s not relevant to your case, but yes, there are others with special powers and I see a little of y’all in them. I’d hate to see you become one of the troubled ones, but I’m afraid it WILL happen. I’ve seen it entirely too many times. When it does and you meet up with the ones that are like you, God help us. This is why I feel you really should go back to Cedar Hill and get out of The Program. I’m not saying permanently, but for a while.”
Zoey: “Does this mean I’m out?”
Bates: “No, just be careful and make sure whatever you decide will be in the best interests of the world. I can’t say what’s going on right now, but I can assure you I’ve seen special cases. They’re not as unique as you and Zeina so I can’t influence their leadership like you can. This is why I’m so concerned because you don’t patience or tact. I should’ve mentioned this before, but I have to tell you why I don’t think you’re suited for The Program. Sorry I didn’t say anything sooner.”
Zoey: “That’s fine as long as I’m still in. I’ll try to be more careful.”
Bates: “That’s all I can ask. Thanks.”
Zoey: “Thank you!”
As the weeks flew by, Zoey still struggled with the “ice” part of the training. Her body couldn’t make the transition from hot to cold. Once she figured it out, she progressed nicely. Like with other tasks, once she got more hands-on she did better. Toward the end of the semester, Bates had them sparring. This level was much tougher and he wanted to build up their reflexes.

Bates: “I brought you out here because you’re going to spar! From now on, this is an added feature to your tests at the end of each semester. It’ll be part of your evaluation. Zoey, you’re going fire a string of ice at Zeina and she’s going to block it.”
Zoey: “Wow, this is going to be fun!”
Zeina: “I don’t know, Zoey. I’m not sure about this.”
Bates: “You must be very careful with this technique. It’s not a game! Now go!”
Zoey: “I’m going to get you!”
Zeina: “No you won’t!”
Zoey’s eyes got big and her aim was perfect. The ice she threw at her headed straight for Zeina’s body! Zeina, however, turned on the heat, and melted it away long before it struck her!

Zeina: “Whoa! That was cool! I really can do it! Yippee!”
Zoey: “That was pretty cool for me too, even though no one was frozen or burned!”
Bates: “That’s the idea. No one has to get hurt. You know why I wanted you to reverse your powers, don’t you?”
Zeina: “Maybe because I’m weaker with fire than Zoey and she’s weaker with ice than I am.”
Zoey: “That’s pretty much what I came up with.”
Bates: “You’re both right! However, there’s more to it. Always remember that when you have conflicts in the future. I especially want you to practice that this summer when you get home. When fighting you always have be fair. If you don’t, you’ll not only hurt people around you but you’ll feel hurt and resentment toward each other. Keep that in mind and I’ll see you in Seattle next fall.”
Zoey and Zeina (Unison): “Yes, sir.”
Bates: “Have a great summer in Cedar Hill and it’s been great working with y’all.”
Zeina: “See you in Seattle in the fall.”
Zoey: “Bye.”
Bates: “I’ll be there. Bye.”


Chapter 9


Home Again (Summer 1995)
The summer of ’95 was a very pivotal time in Zeina and Zoey’s lives. In the past, the girls rested from grueling training exercises, each more intense than the last, but this summer was very different because they had revelations as never before.

Zeina (Leaving Barrow, AK): “I am so glad to get out of here. It’s so dreary! I’m so ready to spend my summer tanning and reclining by the pool. I ain’t doing anything!”
Zoey: “I hear you! We need an uneventful summer. I’M worth it!”
Zeina: “Whatever; I ‘m staying as far away from you as possible! You do your thing and I’ll do mine.”
Zoey: “It’s not quite a picnic hanging with you either!”
Zeina: “You don’t have to get upset. I was kidding. You know you can hang with me if you want!”
Zoey (Laughing): “Forget it! I don’t want to now! I know you’re kidding, sister. I wanted to see how you’d react.”
Zeina (Laughing): “I know.”
Zeina/Zoey (Unison): “SUMMER HERE WE COME!!”
Upon arrival at the gate, the girls knew they wouldn’t spend all summer relaxing by the pool and sitting in a lawn chair all day. Joe and Bertie wanted them to attend church. On the way home, this was the topic.

Zeina: “You told us a few weeks ago you had a surprise. What is it?”
Zoey: “Yeah, we’ve been in suspense for weeks!”
Joe: “What do you think, honey. Should we tell them?”
Bertie: “I don’t know, I think they’re too excited. I think we should wait at least another week.”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison): “Ah, come on! Tell us!”
Joe: “We’re joking. Honey, do the honors!”
Bertie: “We’re going to church!”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison): “Oh.”
Joe: “Don’t sound so excited!”
Zeina: “It’s not that. It’s not what I expected.”
Zoey: “Neither was I. What’s so special about it?”
Zeina: “It’s where you learn about God & his son, Jesus. You know Jesus, right?”
Zoey: “Yes, but I don’t know if I believe in Him.”
Zeina: “I do, but I don’t know much about religion. I want to see what it’s like.”
Zoey: “Me too, but I don’t know what to expect.”
Joe: “Expect to meet a lot of girls and boys your age who have attended since they were born. We believe church will help you succeed in your missions. We want to instill Christian values in you. This is very important in your dealings with people. We apologize for keeping you out of church. Keep in mind that as long as your home you have to go, whether you want to or not. When you’re older, you can make your own decisions. Is that understood?”
Zeina: “Sounds fair. I’m looking forward to it!”
Zoey: “Me too.
In the coming weeks the girls were very involved with activities at Hillcrest Church. They attended Sunday mornings, Sunday afternoons and Wednesday nights. Zeina loved Sunday school and church. She made many great friends. In a very short time she was one with Christ and embraced Him in everything. Zoey loved it too, but she had a very different interpretation. She only believed when it was convenient for her. This made her much worse. In fact, it pushed her further away.

Zeina’s Friends & their allegiance
The family attended Hillcrest church and Zeina met people who guided her to Jesus and she accepted him into her heart. Through Christ, she was devoted to life, instead of just existing. She understood the meaning of being a Christian and didn’t let a nonbeliever sway her. She lost many old friends, but knew Christ was more important.  After the summer of ‘95, she presented a new outlook for her training, which was to pray about it before acting on it. Her new friends were the same way. This allowed her to make sound decisions, something she’d carry through the rest of her quest.

Zoey’s Friends & their allegiance
Hillcrest was not congruent with her thinking. She also made new friends, but their beliefs were the same as hers, convenient Christianity. His way requires trials and tribulations, as Zeina believed. Her and her friends only went to church to do good works and play the part. In fact, she joined the Mount Lebanon Cult   without Joe and Bertie’s knowledge. These friends also stuck with her until the end. Zeina predicted they’d be strong in their conquests, but fail in the end. Much Bates’ prediction became true, and Zeina saw it too. On the way to the airport, Joe, Bertie and the girls discussed the summer.
Joe: “How did you like church?”
Zeina: “I loved it! I learned so much about Jesus and how much He loves us. I’m taking what I learned with me to training and follow in His will.”
Joe: “Good girl. I knew I could get through to you. However, you still need to do what Bates tells you.”
Zeina: “I know that. I also know God put him in this position for a reason, so I know everything will be great.”
Bertie: “So Zoey, what did you learn?”
Zoey: “I’m sorry to say I didn’t get much out of it.”
Joe: “Do you care to explain yourself?”
Zoey: “It’s not necessary to trust in Jesus unless things are in my favor. I shouldn’t trust Him when things are tough. I don’t think He can help me. It’s only in my power to make it right again.”
Joe stops the car.

Joe: “What did you say? Is that all you got out of this summer?”
Zoey: “I’m afraid so. That’s why I joined the Mount Lebanon cult! My friends believe the same thing. They come from the wrong side of the tracks and they believe as I do, so why not join forces with them? Jesus is great. I believe in Him and I know I’m saved, but I think He’s the answer in trials and tribulation. I know He loves me, but I don’t see Him as a cure.”
Joe: “I suppose I can’t tell you what to believe, but I want you think long and hard about what you said. I’ll pray for you to realize He’s here to help you in your struggles.”
Zoey: “I’m not saying I won’t try.  I’m only saying I don’t believe in that now.”
Bertie: “I’ll pray too.”
Zeina: “Thanks, Auntie and Uncle. Zoey, I hope you realize this before we finish all our training.”
Zoey: “I’ll try.”
Bertie and Joe (Unison): “That’s all we ask.”

Hours later, they were on their way to Seattle


Chapter 10

Phase Four-Retrogression & Future Prediction- September 1995-Jun. 1996

Retrogression (Zoey) - Seattle, WA
After a few days sightseeing in Seattle, the girls went to work. This year, the girls stayed in one place. They didn’t like going to two different places, but knew it was necessary. However, it still wasn’t easy. Since they knew the offense and defense of their powers, Bates wanted them to learn the preventatives. This was the most important because it allowed them to prevent accidents before they happened.

Zeina: “Why do we have to learn this now? We learned about fire, water, ice, and changing over. I still haven’t figured out why we didn’t learn this first?”
Bates: “I know you’re probably thinking I’m going to say, ‘Because I said so’ but I’ve never liked that answer. You learned offense and defense first because you needed a way to defend yourselves. How many times have you had to defend yourselves since we started out?”
Zeina: “We defend ourselves all the time.”
Bates: “That’s exactly what I’m saying. If you hadn’t learned this first, you probably would’ve found yourselves on the ground more than anywhere else.  Now that I feel you’re where you need to be, I want to teach you how to prevent an accident before it happens. And yes, Zoey, you will do very extensive class work before you go hands on. I wanted to save you the trouble of asking.”
Zoey: “Oh man! I sure wish we could just go out and do it! I do so much better that way!”
Bates: “Yes, but you’re also much more dangerous because you overstep your boundaries. I want to prove myself wrong with you this year. Can I do that?”
Zoey: “I suppose.”
Bates: “Good girl; well, are we ready?”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison): “You bet!”
Through the fall, the girls learned exceptionally well in class. Even Zoey was very intrigued and willing to stay inside and learn. She knew she’d almost certainly be expelled from The Program if she didn’t. However, she wasn’t quite as much on thin ice this year. As with other activities, Zeina was very good at future prediction and Zoey was very good at retrogression.  These were their best weapons because it gave them so much control in changing outcomes. This was something fire, ice, water and changing into objects couldn’t change. Zeina and Bates’ predictions were coming true. Zoey got very antsy about doing hands on. She knew that wasn’t until January. Seattle was in its rainy season and they were anxious but waited.

Zeina: “Are you awake? Are you awake? Zoey! Wake up!”
Zoey: “What is it? I’m trying to sleep. Superheroes need rest too!”
Zeina: “I know, I’m sorry, but I’m bored out of my mind!”
Zoey: “You, bored? That’s a first. You’re never bored!”
Zeina: “I’ve been thinking. We’ve been in Seattle almost four months now, and we haven’t had one exercise yet, just book learning. What gives?”
Zoey: “Don’t rightly know. Maybe Bates thinks it’s important.”
Zeina: “I agree, but it’s more than that. It’s like he doesn’t think we’re ready. He was so aggressive when it came to the offensive and defensive exercises. Now he only wants to wait. What do you think that’s all about?”
Zoey: “You’re asking the wrong person. If I wasn’t at risk from expulsion, don’t you think I’d be out there?”
Zeina: “I’m sure glad you finally understand that!”
Zoey: “I suppose.”
Bates: “Okay you two, no more talking. We’ve got a long day tomorrow!”
Zeina: “Sorry, sir. We’re going to sleep.”
Bates: “I tell you what, when it’s time for bed, you all become regular chatterboxes!”
Zoey: “We’ll keep it down.”
Bates: “I appreciate it, thanks.”
After Christmas, the girls were ready for hands on training.
January 1996
It was a brand new year and time for a brand new task. Bates trained them how to retrogress and prevent disasters. Once again, he let the most proficient twin go first. In this case it was Zoey. Interstate 5 was the place. They went after rush hour because there was less traffic. Each day they looked for an accident.  They went for several days and there were none. The girls were unusually impatient. Bates explained the need for it, but he knew they were frustrated and didn’t see a point.

Zeina: “This is getting old! Don’t accidents ever happen in Seattle? Good grief!”
Bates: “I’m very surprised! Did I actually hear you complain? I have NEVER heard that before! What’s gotten into you?”
Zeina: “I’m sorry, but it’s been several days and nothing! It’s very aggravating!”
Bates: “I know, but keep your head up. An accident is bound to happen.”
Zoey: “You should know that more than anyone, Ms. Prediction!”
Bates: “Don’t start!”
Zeina: “That’s what I don’t understand. I’ve always been good at predicting, but I can’t predict when an accident might happen. I’m puzzled.”
Bates: “One will happen eventually. It’s good training. It teaches patience. We’ve done all we can do for today. We’ll come back tomorrow.”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison): “OK.”
The next day it finally happened! There was a wreck on I-5. It involved a semi and a car. It was a very grisly scene. It happened at 10:02 AM, on Monday, Jan. 22, 1996. The driver rear-ended a semi. Everyone in the car was killed. The driver of the semi was unhurt.

Zeina: “I feel it now! Something is definitely going to happen. I know it!”
Bates: “How do you know? You couldn’t predict it before.”
Zeina: “I just know.”
A split second later, squealing tires and BAM! This was the definite sound of wreck! After a few minutes, Zoey began.

Bates: “Here’s your big chance. You’ve been waiting for it all year. Go for it!”
Zoey: “I don’t know. I’m not sure I can.”
Bates: “It’s much harder when Ice, Fire and all you’ve learned won’t do any good, isn’t it? You must use your mind and that’s much different.”
Zoey: “You bet, but I’ll try.”
Zoey looked down the road as far as she could, put her arms out, closed her eyes and kept her mind on the location of the accident and spoke.

Zoey: “Go back to 10:01; go back to 10:01. This accident will not occur.”
After that command, she briefly went back to before the accident and averted it! Then she brought the time forward and the people were safe!

Bates:  “That was awesome! How in the world did you do that?”
Zoey: “I issued the command, it changed the situation and I brought us to present time! Yeah, it was AWESOME!”
Newsman: “Hey girl, do you know you just saved five people?”
Zoey: “Yes sir. I was very glad to do it! That’s the only way to put it.”
Newsman: “Yeah, but how in the world did you do it?”
Zoey: “You might call it a miracle!”
That night, there was a major story on the news commenting on how the accident was avoided. They speculated it was the same girls who ended the drought in San Francisco years earlier, but they couldn’t prove it. It was quite a story. After a few days, the story died down and Zoey was bored. Averting accidents on the freeway was far too easy and primitive for her great skill, but Bates immediately squashed it.
Zoey had a prophecy for Pripyat, but she kept it to herself because Bates hated the idea of changing it back before the disaster. She dreamt of leading a great following and didn’t let anything stop her. She knew she couldn’t do it yet, but she was ready.
A few days later, it was Zeina’s turn. It wasn’t as exciting as Zoey’s because it was only a fender-bender. It was good enough. This wasn’t her area of expertise anyway. She can predict the future, which allows her to avoid a problem altogether.

Future Prediction (Zeina) Two Months Later
By March, the girls had their retrogression exercises down pat. Now they had to learn future prediction. Zoey had less proficiency, so she was apathetic about learning it. Only a threat of being kicked out of The Program made her comply. Bates was still agitated with her for mentioning Pripyat. As with Zoey, Bates had her practice on I-5 in the same area Zoey worked retrogression a few weeks earlier, except she had to practice in the rain. She foresaw an accident, but didn’t feel ready to practice.
Bates: “We’re here. What do you think?”
Zeina: “I’m not going to have trouble predicting an accident and have to keep coming back if that’s what you mean.”

Bates: “Just take your time. It’s not like you have to be back in Cedar Hill tomorrow, right?”
Zeina: “I suppose. I’m just not sure I’m ready.”
Bates: “You always say that, but have you failed yet? You’re always unsure until you do it once, then you’re fine. It won’t be any different today. Trust me!”
Zeina: “You know I will it’s just…Wait a minute! That semi is going way too fast! It’s going to plow into that bus full of children!”
At that time Zeina puts out her finger, points, and says the following.

Zeina: “School bus, move to your left, NOW!”
The school bus hyper-spaced into the lane directly to the left before the semi was to hit it, giving it just enough time to stop!

Bates: “I told you there was nothing to worry about. Was I wrong?”
Zeina: (Gasping): “No.”
Zoey: “Come on, you two! That was no big deal!”
Zeina: (Still gasping): “Oh and I suppose you’d like to try it?”
Zoey: “Of course I would; how about tomorrow?”
Zeina: (Composed): “You’re on! How about a little bet?”
Bates: “I’m surprised at you! You know betting is against policy! Zoey, you’ll get your chance. Stop acting so jealous! I always give you both equal turns with the exercises. You both need these and you’ll learn them!”
Zoey: “Yes sir.”
Still concerned about the Pripyat Prophecy, Bates called Zeina in to discuss it with her. Shortly after returning from training, erasing any elation she had about the news covering the school bus incident.

Bates: “Can I see you for a minute.”
Zeina: “Sure, what’s up?”
Bates: “I can’t say anything until we get to the office. It concerns your sister.”
Zeina: “Imagine that.”
Bates: “No, this is serious. I’m afraid this means you and her going your separate ways. She is very serious about it.”
Zeina: “You mean Pripyat?”
Bates: “You already know about it. I don’t know why I’m so surprised! Anyway, that’s not what’s important. What does it mean to you? What do you think?”
Zeina: “I have no interest in following it. I thought you knew.”
Bates: “I didn’t think so, but for some reason it’s a relief hearing it from you. What do you think we need to do about it?”
Zeina: “It’s hard to say. I‘d like her to forget about it and get back to reality, so I don’t think it’ll happen. Zoey thinks it will and that’s why I haven’t seriously thought about it. I know she wants to change it back to pre-1986 and use its resources and people to wage war. The thought of it scares me very much.”
Bates: “I was afraid you were going to say that. I feel the same way. It’ll be a very dangerous situation if it ever happens. Do you think you could handle it?”
Zeina: “That’s where my favorite Bible verse comes in. Its Philippians 4:13: ‘I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.’ That tells me I can beat it, if it ever comes to that. Let’s pray it doesn’t.”
Bates: “Keep praying to God that it won’t because it’s very dangerous.”
Zeina: “I know and I’ll keep trying, but I know we’re going to be on opposite sides.”
Bates: “That’s the way it’s going, but like you say, we’ll have to wait and see.”
Zeina: “Yes we will.”
In the following weeks the girls practiced and Zoey became almost as good as her sister with future prediction. She had a long way to go, but her progress escalated. The Pripyat Prophecy was her mind, but Zeina hoped to change it.


Chapter 11

Cedar Hill- summer 1996

The Evaluation
Bates visited Joe in Cedar Hill, rather than have him come to Seattle. He had to work to supplement his income after he retired in 1992, and Bertie was recovering from another bipolar episode.  He had the girls’ yearly consultation, which still showed concern for Zoey.

Bates: “Mr. Jones, how have you been? Longtime no see. I hope you’re well.”
Joe: “We’re doing pretty well. I’m just working and Bertie has is recovering from a relapse from four years ago with her Manic Depression and we had to correct it again. What brings you this way?”
Bates: I’d like to talk to you about the girls.”
Joe: “Duh, I should’ve known. It slipped my mind. I assume you want to talk about Zoey first?”
Bates: “Yes, sir. I’m deeply concerned for her.”
Joe: “We’ve been through this before and my answer hasn’t changed. ZOEY IS STAYING IN THE PROGRAM!”
Bates: “It’s much different this time. She’s going to put the world in a very bad place. She’s too focused on the dark side of her powers. You must understand this is a very difficult situation. There’s no doubting her intentions of stepping on people to get what she wants!”
Joe: “Don’t be ridiculous! She’s just a child. How can she already be so bad? Give me an example of what you’re talking about!”
Bates: “Ok, do you remember the Chernobyl Disaster of 1986?”
Joe: “Of course I do! It killed my brother-in-law and sister-in-law; the girls’ parents. What does it have to do with Zoey?”
Bates: “This year she learned how to retrogress, meaning she can go back and change things to what happened before a disaster, while preventing it from happening and immediately bringing it into the future to run it the way she wants. This is very dangerous and we need to do something immediately.”
Joe: “So what do you suggest?”
Bates: “She should go back to regular school. I know I’ve said this before but you HAVE TO trust me! I want to keep her in The Program, but I’m extremely afraid of what will happen! It may already be too late! She’s very determined to follow this Pripyat Prophecy and it will be very dangerous! I’m telling you!”
Joe: “Look, you! This is NOT debatable! We are NOT tanking Zoey out! Sorry to intimidate you but I’m afraid of what it’ll do to Bertie. She’s already been through so much and I’m afraid it will kill her we can’t keep the girls together. She’s very sick right now and I can’t do this to her!  It’s not that I don’t agree with you. I know the dangers, but I just can’t break it to my wife until she gets stronger. I understand it might be too late, but there’s no other way!”
Bates: “Okay, Okay, I understand. We’ll keep her in for now, but we WILL talk as soon as your wife gets stronger.”
Joe: “It’s a deal.”
Bates: “It needs to be very soon! This is a very dangerous situation!”
Joe: “We’ll talk.”
Zeina’s evaluation the next day went much better than Zoey’s. Bates was very impressed with her progress. She still had a rough time transitioning from classroom to hands-on, but after the first try, she was great. She received near perfect marks.

Bates: “I’m so glad you came back today. Yesterday was a very rough and I apologize, but let’s not talk about that now. Yesterday was yesterday and today is today and I have much better news.”
Joe: “You were only doing your job. I know she has issues and I’m sure it’ll continue. Her personality is discord and hurt, and Zeina’s is love and caring. I suppose it’s the way it has to be.”
Bates: “You’re probably right. Let’s discuss Zeina. She wants to use her powers for good and will only use them when necessary. She is very courteous to Rachel, my daughter, and even to Zoey and her friends. She totally agrees with me about Zoey and her fate.”
Joe: “What do you suggest with Zeina?”
Bates: “Do you even have to ask? We both know it would be very foolish to take her out of The Program. She needs to stay and keep doing what she’s doing. However, she needs focus on going from book learning to hands on. If she doesn’t develop very soon, I’m afraid Zoey will get so far ahead that she’ll have a very hard time catching up. This could be very detrimental to her ability to stop her sister should the need arise.”
Joe: “Thanks. I’ll certainly discuss this with them. I really wish Bertie could be here, but I don’t think she could’ve handled the news about Zoey. Maybe I should tell Zoey what you said and she can decide whether she’d like to drop out.”
Bates: “You can try, but I don’t think it’ll work. She’s very determined to stick this out. Not because she wants to stay, but because she’s so jealous of Zeina and wants to compete with her. I’m around her all the time and I know.”
Joe: “That’s true. Thanks for your time and I’ll speak to you soon.”
After talking with Bates, Uncle Joe talked to the girls. As expected, Zoey did not take it well, and Zeina was very happy. He tried to talk Zoey into dropping out of the program.  

Uncle Joe: “I guess you know why I’ve called this meeting, don’t you?”
Zeina (Joking): “Hmm, it couldn’t be about the talk with Mr. Bates, could it?”
Zoey (Joking): “No, of course not. It couldn’t be about that, could it?”
Zeina/Zoey: “HA! HA! HA!”
Uncle Joe: “Okay you two, I wouldn’t be joking about this, especially you, Zoey! You have more issues than ever to deal with!”
Zoey: “Like what?”
Uncle Joe: “You know very well what! Bates REALLY wants you out of The Program and I plead with him to keep you in! Not because I disagree with him, but because I thought the news would kill your aunt! You better get off of your high horse and stop this silly Pripyat Prophecy! In fact, Bates thinks you should drop out of The Program and attend public school. You’re too aggressive and you’re going to hurt someone! And I don’t want to hear any more about PRIPYAT! Do you understand? That was a terrible disaster and that poor place needs to rest in peace, so NO MORE ABOUT PRIPYAT! Do you understand me?”
Zoey: “Certainly Uncle, whatever you say.”
Uncle Joe: “I don’t know why I don’t believe you, but I don’t. However, you’re still in The Program, just be very careful! Zeina, Bates thinks you’re doing an excellent job. Be a source of encouragement for your sister, huh?”
Zeina: “Yes sir, thank you very much. I ‘ll do the best I can.”
Zoey: “Why is he so upset?”
Zeina: “Come on Zoey, you know better than that. He has every right to be. I really would like to offer you my encouragement. You still have time to turn this around, if you’d just let it happen.”
Zoey: “We’ll see.”
Happy Birthday! August 4, 1996
Toward the end of summer everyone celebrated the girls’ 10th birthday. This milestone was important because it was close to the end of their training and the beginning of their lives as independent young women. Zoey’s grammar, comprehension, language and intelligence level was at a sophomore level while Zeina’s was at a junior level! Doctors, evaluators and the like still couldn’t understand it, but it was there. The celebration took place at the house and it was very low key.

Uncle Joe: “We’d like to brag about our wonderful nieces if we could!  First of all, they’re a couple of spoiled brats nobody else would have, but because we love them so much, we decided to take them, instead of forcing them on any of you!”
Zeina: “HEY! That’s not fair! Everyone knows you have us confused with some of our other friends, right?”
Uncle Joe (Trying not to smile):“And secondly, we want to contradict everything we said because we’re lying! We’re very privileged to have them and wouldn’t have it any other way. I wish them the best in their endeavors.”
Zoey: “That’s more like it! It wasn’t like everyone didn’t know you were joking.”
Uncle Joe: “Perhaps, but it got your attention didn’t it?”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison): “We suppose.”
Uncle Joe: “Now, let’s pray for their safe return as they go to Miami for one of the final phases of training.
After prayer, the festivities commenced. The girls opened presents, ate barbeque and had cake. It was a normal celebration like they wanted. They knew they had to get back to the grind. They finally understood what it was like to be a child. This was one of the last times they had this. Aunt Bertie was better, but still not well. Zeina predicted they wouldn’t be around much longer.
A few weeks later, Bates, Jenny, Rachel and the girls were on a plane to Miami. They were not ready to go back this time. Zeina was very worried about Zoey. Would she ever see the light?


Chapter 12

Phase Five-Disease & Cures-Aug. 1996-May 1997 Miami, Florida

Disease (Zoey)
Summer couldn’t have been shorter. They had so many concerns for their aunt/uncle, especially Bertie as she was recovering from her Manic Depression. Zeina was much closer to them than Zoey, making it much harder for her. Also, this phase was especially dangerous because of the extensive risks. They knew they might die. They had to be injected with viruses to become carriers of disease. Bates explained this was necessary to fight their opposition. It was either that or drop out of The Program and return to normal life. Zeina didn’t want to do it for fear for her life, but she was willing if she knew that was what it took. On the other hand, Zoey was extremely excited and wanted to do it immediately. She went first since she was the most proficient.  Zeina reluctantly followed. For this exercise, there was hands-on training and then classroom study, which made Zoey’s day. On Sept. 1, they received the injections. Would they live or die?

Bates: “You both must realize once you do this, there is no turning back! Are you sure you want to take a chance? It’s up to you. It’s important for the training, but you don’t have to."
Zoey: “Yeah, Yeah, I want to do it! You know I do!”
Bates: “Ok, but you must understand you’re both going to be sick for at least a week, maybe two, maybe a month! It’ll take time for your bodies to adjust to these strains. They’re going to inject the common cold, pneumonia, smallpox and syphilis. Are you positive? Both of you could survive, one of you could survive or neither of you will survive. Zeina, if it’s any time in your life you’re not sure about something, this is it.”
Zoey: “I said let’s go! If I die, I die!”
Bates: “We know your decision. I asked your sister. Zeina, are you ready?”
Zeina (Reluctant): “Yeah.”
Bates: “Okay, let’s go.”
When finished, they looked like they’d been through a warzone. They were very pale, had sores from head to toe and felt very weak.  It didn’t help that Zoey wanted to immediately spread disease to animals and birds, even though she was still weak. Zeina, as always, did the opposite, refusing to use her newfound powers unless there was no other alternative.

Zeina: “Ugh, I don’t feel good. Why did I do this? Can it be reversed?”
Bates: “No, I told you it was going to be rough. That’s why I asked. Remember how bad you feel. It’s very important because you have to consider how others will feel if you need to use it on them. Please understand that.”
Zeina: “I wouldn’t wish this feeling on anyone. Don’t worry, I’ll remember WELL!”
Zoey: “Me neither.”
Bates: “You say that now, but can I trust you? Zeina, I know you’ll be considerate of others.”
As the days passed, the girls got sicker. On Sept. 15, they were hospitalized. The injections were too much especially for Zoey. She tried too soon to use them. They were in the hospital for two weeks. Zeina made a quick recovery. No one was sure Zoey would make it. On Oct. 1, her condition was grave. Bertie and Joe went to Miami for her last rites. Bates made the call, not knowing how Bertie would take it.

Bertie: “Hello.”
Bates: “Bertie, this is counselor Bates. How are you?”
Bertie: “I’m doing better, how are you? It’s great to hear from you.”
Bates: “I’ll get right to the point. Are you sitting down?
Bertie: “Yeah, what’s up?”
Bates: “The girls are very sick. You and Joe need to come. I’ll meet you at the airport.”
Bertie: “How soon?”
Bates: “You need to come tonight, if possible. The doctors don’t think Zoey will make it through the night. I don’t want to scare you, but she may already be dead and the doctor hasn’t called yet. I meant to call you sooner but the doctors didn’t think it would be this soon.”
Bertie: “Oh my, that’s terrible! We’ll be there as soon as we can. My husband is scheduled to work tomorrow, but I’m sure his boss will understand. Thanks for calling. We’ll see you in a few hours.”
When Bertie and Joe arrived at the hospital, Zoey’s condition improved but she still had a long way to go. The doctors were very optimistic about Zeina, but still couldn’t say the same about Zoey.

Joe: “How bad is it?”
Nurse: “Zeina’s going to be okay, but I don’t know about Zoey yet. She’s improved a little since this morning, but she’s not anywhere near out of the woods. As a small consolation, they knew they’d probably end up here but they risked it. They wanted to learn to spread diseases to protect themselves. They had the option to back out, but they took a chance. Most adults aren’t that brave, much less ten year olds! They’re to be commended!”
Joe: “Yes, I remember now. Bates discussed the possibilities.”
Nurse: “They’re quite the celebrities around here!”
Joe: “Can we see them?”
Nurse: “Sure, but not for very long. They’re very weak and need their rest.”
Joe: “Ok.”
Joe and Bertie were very shocked at their appearance. Their faces and arms were broken out with sores, but their eyes lit up as soon they saw them.

Zeina: “Hi Aunt Bertie/Uncle Joe! How are you? I guess you heard.”
Bertie and Joe: “Hey girl, how do you feel?”
Zeina: “Pretty good. I’m hanging tough. I’m going to be okay and I know I will. It’s just a matter of time. The doctor thinks I’ll be here a week, maybe a few days longer.”
Joe: “How is Zoey?”
Zeina: “Not good at all. The doctors have tried everything. It’s a matter of time, even if she pulls through, she’ll have to stay here a month.”
Bertie: “All we can do is hope for the best, right?”
Zeina: “Yeah.”
Joe: “Hi Zoey, how are you feeling?”
Zoey: “Like I’m going to die. Is that what they told you?”
Joe: “Yes, Zoey.”
Zoey: “It’s just as well. I’m probably not suited for The Program anyway.”
Bertie: “DON’T TALK LIKE THAT! You’re not going to get better with that attitude. You have to pray and believe you’re going to survive! That’s the only way you’re going make it! You’ve got to change your attitude! I won’t hear of anymore talk like that!”
Zoey: “Yes ma’am, but I feel SO bad!”
Bertie: “I know, but you have to believe you’re going to get better! Now get some rest and we’ll see you in the morning. And yes, you will survive until then. The doctors already told us you’ve improved. Now think about what I said.”
Zoey: “Yes, auntie.”
By morning, Zoey was no longer critical! All she needed was rest. Bertie and Joe stayed until a few days after Zoey left the hospital. Zeina was released on Oct. 8. Zoey had to stay until Nov.1. After that, they returned to training and they both became proficient with spreading disease. It was rough but they survived, stronger than ever and ready for the Christmas holiday.

Cures (Zeina)
The week after returning from Christmas Break in Cedar Hill, the girls were back in the lab, studying the curing of disease for when they had to do it. They were glad of no injections. Knowing how to spread diseases, they could also cure them. This is where Zeina was proficient. She was thrilled to learn because she remembered what it was like to be sick and didn’t want anyone else to be. She also knew Zoey would use the spreading of disease to put fear in people.  It wasn’t surprising Zoey didn’t want to go back to class since she knew all the hands-on techniques.

Zoey: “Why do we have to learn this? They can be cured with antibiotics.”
Bates: “Why do you always ask me that? It’s really old. Besides, you already know what the answer will be, so why do you even try me?”
Zoey: “Because I think it’s a waste of time and I don’t want to do it!”
Zeina: “I can’t believe you’re still so stubborn! You almost died three months ago! You said if you made it you’d be grateful for a second chance. You also mentioned if God gave you another chance, you’d do everything you were told. Did that go by the wayside too? I guess we were kidding ourselves when we thought that near-death experience changed you!”
Zoey: “Okay I’ll tell you the truth. All it did was make me very bitter. If there’s a chance we’re going to die anyway, why bother? Why not go out and do it?”
Zeina: “I give up.”
Bates: “We really should get back to the lesson. Zoey, I hope you change your feelings about this, but if not, you’ll suffer the consequences.”
Zoey: “We’ll just have to see won’t we?”
Bates: “Do what you’re told and you should be fine.”
Zoey: “Yes sir.”
It was clear, Zoey wasn’t getting anything out of The Program, but yet she remained. The more she learned and the longer she stayed, the more stubborn she became. No near death experience, no amount of discipline and no amount of Sunday learning changed her. Bates had to have that meeting with Joe and Bertie. The possible solution, send them to church camp for the summer. If this didn’t work, they had to seriously consider Zoey’s expulsion from The Program.
In summary, the girls once again did extremely well with phase five, even though they spent much of the first semester in the hospital. Phase five was the worst and they were so glad it was over. They had one year and a final test! Upon their departure from Miami, Bates got them together and told them the good news.”

Bates: “All right everyone, be quiet! I have a surprise! None of you know, but you just finished the worst part of The Program! That’s right; it gets better from now on! I promise you! You’re to be commended! Every one of you will assist Zeina or Zoey in the future! Rachel, Alexis, and my daughter Jenny will all be allowed to attend public schools! Zeina and Zoey will remain with me two more years! So without further ado, HAVE A GREAT SUMMER and THANKS.”

Zeina: “Congratulations Rachel! You are so lucky! You get to go back to school and have a life!”
Rachel: “I couldn’t have done it without you. I’m going to miss you all.”
After Rachel said this, Zeina had this big smirk on her face and twinkle in her eye.

Rachel: “What’s that for?”
Zeina: “That’s the second part of the surprise!”
Rachel: “Really? I thought what Bates said to us was the surprise!”
Zeina: “Nope, he told us not to say anything.”
Rachel: “You’re getting on my nerves! What is it?”
Zeina: “Well, you’re only going to be travelling two miles to see us! Bates is keeping us in town this year!”
Rachel: “Are you lying or joking?”
Zeina; “Neither; and there’s more. You’re going with us to church camp!”
Rachel: “Really? That’s awesome!”
Zeina: “I’m so glad we’re going together!”
Rachel: “Me too. Last one to camp is a rotten egg!”
The next day, they were all on a plane back to Cedar Hill.


Chapter 13

Summer Camp (Summer 1997)
Zeina and Zoey were already at the gate with their bags by the time Joe and Bertie arrived at the airport. It had been another long year and they couldn’t wait to get home. In fact, they were in no hurry to go in the fall. It was one of the few times they agreed on something. They enjoyed Miami, but they were very tired of travelling.  They knew they wouldn’t be home for the majority of the summer, but it was close enough. They only went to a few miles away to Mount Lebanon.  Zeina knew something would happen to Uncle Joe soon and she really wanted to spend the summer with Joe and Bertie, but she knew going to camp was more important if it might change Zoey. Everyone was doubtful, but they never gave up hope.
Zeina was elated about sharing her faith in Christ with everyone. She even convinced many to get saved! The camp director was so impressed he made her youth counselor for the summer. This helped her understand that she didn’t always have to use her powers. She hoped it would teach Zoey the same thing. Bates knew if this didn’t help Zoey realize her mission, nothing would. It seemed to be working.

Zeina: “What a day! I can’t believe I convinced all those children to follow Jesus! What a great feeling!”
Zoey: “I think you might be rubbing off on me! I really appreciate it!”
Zeina: “Ok, Ms. Sarcastic! This is extremely important to me and if you’re not serious don’t EVEN start this!”
Zoey: “It’s not that. I really feel like I’m learning from this experience! I’m not kidding! When Bates ordered us to come, I thought it would be a complete waste of time, but it isn’t! I’m moved. Please believe me!”
Zeina: “Okay, since you put it that way. Hey, I know how you can prove it. Not that you need to.”
Zoey: “Certainly. What do you want me to do?”
Zeina: “Not much, just participate in one of our gatherings.”
Zoey: “Okay, that sounds great!”
Zeina: “Will do.”
Surprisingly, the next day, Zoey was very supportive with helping the children get saved. She even prayed with them! Everyone was convinced Zoey had finally changed. The following week, Bates saw miraculous improvement, which concerned him. On Aug. 15, the week before camp ended, he talked to Zeina. It was after a bible reading.

Bates: “Zeina, can I speak to you for a moment?”
Zeina: “Sure, what is it?”
Bates: “What have you done with Zoey? Her progress this summer is amazing! Do you think we finally got through to her?”
Zeina: “I hate to burst your bubble, but NO!”
Bates: “Why do you say that? Is this another one of your vibes?”
Zeina: “Yes it is!”
Bates: “Does everything have to be based on your premonitions?”
Zeina: “Isn’t that where I’m proficient?”
Bates: “I’m not questioning that. I see that she’s changed. How can you not see that?”
Zeina: “I think it’s because you want to see it, not because you see it.  If you’ll wake up to reality, you’ll realize what I’m telling you! Read my lips, ZOEY WILL ALWAYS BE ZOEY AND THAT’S MY FINAL ANSWER!”
Bates: “CONGRATULATIONS, you passed the test!”
Zeina: “What do you mean?”
Bates: “Think very long and hard about your question! You FINALLY stood up to your conviction and you weren’t AFRAID to stick to your guns!”
Zeina: “Yeah, I guess I did!”
Bates: “Yes you did! I think you can handle anything now! Remember; don’t ever be afraid to stand up for what you believe, no matter what people say! I know this isn’t going to help her change, at least not anytime soon.”
Zeina: “What’s going to happen to her?”
Bates: “I don’t know and neither do you. We have to pray for a miracle.”
Zeina: “I intend to do just that.”
Bates: “That’s good. Never give up hope and always pray about it.”
As predicted, Zoey did this to learn from Zeina so she could get followers to her belief of “convenient” Christianity. In fact, Bates’ idea to send Zoey to church camp only added fuel to the fire, which Zeina would have to put out. There was no going back unless Zoey decided on her own to follow Christ at all times. It was a mystery as to why Bates’ decision made things worse. Zeina thought it was similar to when criminals are sent to prison, they often learned to be better criminals, but it was merely a theory. Although she played the part, everyone knew Zoey was lost. Zeina, on the other hand, was stronger in her faith than ever.


Chapter 14

Phase Six-Transforming Back (September 1997- May 1998)

Cedar Hill, TX
In retrospect, the girls were very glad to be home because Zeina’s prediction about Uncle Joe came true. They thought this was going to be an easy year, but it turned out to be one of the toughest in their lives. Toward the end summer, Zeina and Zoey overheard Joe telling Bertie he had that “old feeling” back.  They knew exactly what he meant. In 1987, he had a quadruple heart bypass operation.  He didn’t know it at the time, but it proved to be the beginning of the end.

Zeina: “I just knew it! This is the very reason why we need to be home. I have a feeling Aunt Bertie will need help. I don’t think Uncle Joe’s going to be around much longer.”
Harold: “What do you mean? It’s just his circulation. The worst thing is that he’ll have to have another heart bypass and he’s strong enough for that. He said the same thing just before his surgery. Those operations are only good for seven to 12 years. He’ll be fine.”
Zeina: “I don’t know. I can predict these things and I haven’t been wrong yet. For everyone’s sake, I hope I am. I would sure hate to lose him.”
Harold: “I hope so too. I’m not ready to lose my dad. I’m not even 26 years old.”
Zeina: “I know. If there’s only one time in my life I’m wrong, I hope this is it.”
Harold: “We just have to thing positive.”
Zoey: “I think y’all are overreacting. I know Zeina can predict things, but she can’t predict illnesses. Besides, he’s too healthy. I don’t think he’s going anywhere anytime soon. He’s healthy as a horse!”
Zeina: “I LOVE how you have so much compassion for people. It brings tears to my eyes!”
Zoey: “Thank you!”
Harold: “I don’t think she was complimenting you.”
Zoey: “You don’t say!”
Zeina: “You’re going to say something nice one of these days and I’m going to pinch myself to make sure I’m dreaming!”
Zoey: “I still don’t believe anything is going to happen, so stop being so concerned.”
Harold: “That’s enough! I’ve barely spent time with you two the last few years, so at least try to get along.”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison): “Ok, Cuz.”
Joe went to the doctor for a stress test and everything was normal, which was a big relief. A week later, the family went to western Oklahoma to visit a relative who was dying of cancer. They came back on Sept. 1 because Harold had to start school and a new job and the girls had to go back to training. Joe’s health issue seemed to be out of the way and everyone rested easy.  Was it possible Zeina had missed? After Harold’s 26th birthday celebration on Sept.2, everyone got back to the grind.

Zoey: “Why do we have to learn how to do this? What is the purpose for turning a stupid stick into a walking stick? They’re all pests anyway!”
Zeina: “Did it ever occur to you that you may be the pest? Why do you always have to contest things? Do what Bates asks you for a change! We don’t always have to be heroes. Besides, I think this is fun! We can turn things into anything we want. Why use sophisticated tactics when we can do things the simple way?”
Bates: “I couldn’t have said it better myself. Thank you. Besides, it’s a necessary part of your training.”
Zeina: “Wow, Zoey! You look like you’re proficient with this! That should be some consolation to you since I’m not as good.”
Zeina commanded the walking stick to change back into a stick and it did!

Zeina: “See what I just did? That’s how we can help each other out.”
Zoey: “Whatever!”
Bates: “You need to do a much better job of helping each other out! Otherwise, this sibling rivalry will continue, resulting in a very rough ride in your destinies! This is EXACTLY why I don’t think you’re cut out for this program! I’d like to see if you can prove me wrong! Can you try?”
Zeina: “I think this is silly too, but I understand why we need to learn it. We’ll be in public school the more advanced exercises are far too dangerous. We can always turn a rock into pit bulls like the one next door to scare bullies if necessary. It’s not like we have to freeze them or burn them to death.
Zoey: “You have a point. I’ll hang in there.”
Zeina: “Good.”
Bates: “That was great! Y’all can see eye to eye. All you have to do is give it a chance. You can’t get carried away.”
Zeina: “I know. I was only trying to get Zoey to see the importance of it.”
Bates: “I know you were.”
Zoey: “I do.”
Bates and Zeina (Unison): “We’ll see about that!”
Zoey: “Yeah, I guess we will.”

Uncle Joe’s Illness & Death

Joseph Jones (Nov. 3, 1937-Jan. 28, 1998)
The hands- on training began, Joe’s problems returned. On Nov. 12, during a visit, his eyes rolled into the back of his head, his speech was slurred and then he was okay.  Two days later, he had tests run only to discover he had seizures. He turned 60 on Nov. 3. The family celebrated with a formal party at the Cedar Hill Center and he seemed fine. He had further tests, only to discover he had an inner ear infection. However, on Thursday, Nov. 20, he woke up to go to the bathroom and fell over, nearly paralyzed on the floor and Bertie called 9/11 and woke up Zeina, Zoey and Harold. She followed the ambulance to the hospital. He awoke a few hours later and told everyone he was having a stroke. These were his last words. He slept four days, woke up and couldn’t speak and was motionless. Tests results concluded the worst. He’d had a brain stem stroke and was completely locked out. Everyone was devastated, especially Zeina. Unfortunately, her prediction was exact. All she could do was pray to the Lord.
Through Thanksgiving and Christmas, there was no change.  Even worse, he knew everything.  He cried when doctors said he wouldn’t walk again. It was the worst Christmas the family ever had. January brought more bad news. On the 23rd, the doctors said there was nothing they could do and he went to a nursing home. There, he became seriously ill with a staph infection. Family and friends prayed for a miracle, but on Wednesday, Jan. 28, 1998, at 8pm, Joseph Jones passed away at age 60. Funeral services were held Saturday, Jan. 31. Aunt Bertie took it rough, but did remarkably well. Zeina and Zoey decided to stay with Aunt Bertie and didn’t return to The Program until Feb. 15. Bates knew they didn’t have much more to do, so he waived the three weeks they were gone. After finishing in May, they returned home to spend the summer with Aunt Bertie before leaving for Honolulu in the fall.


Chapter 15

Phase Seven (Final Phase)-Summary (August 1998-May 1999)

Honolulu, Hawaii
After a tearful goodbye to Aunt Bertie, the girls reluctantly went to Hawaii for their final training. This was Bates’ reward to them for staying with The Program and working so hard. The girls were very worried about Aunt Bertie & called her daily, but Harold was taking care of her and going to school. She was in good hands. He cut down on his load and decided to go for his Associate degree instead of a Bachelor’s because taking care of his mother was a bigger priority. He would’ve liked for Zeina and Zoey to stay, but he knew what they were doing was more important.
This wouldn’t have been necessary had Zoey done as she should’ve, but everyone knew she had to do things her way. She needed a refresher course as to when and where she should use the powers. It was Zeina’s idea and she felt she needed a refresher too. When she brought it up to Bates, he was game.

Zoey: “Why are we even doing this? I still think it’s a waste of time!”
Zeina: “Why are you still complaining? This was my idea. Why are you making it so complicated?”
Zoey: “I don’t want to be here! I want to stay with Aunt Bertie! I don’t think Harold can take care of her as well as we can.”
Zeina (Sobbing): “What are you talking about? You complained about taking care of her! You didn’t even care when Uncle Joe died! You know this is hard for me! I was so close to him. Don’t you understand?”
Zoey: “I wish you wouldn’t get so emotional. He was mortal! He was going to die! Get over it!”
Zeina: “Let’s focus on this. It’s obvious I’m not getting anywhere with you caring about anything! We have to do this whether we like it or not. Besides, I LOVE Hawaii! I wish we could stay here the rest of our lives. “It’s a pretty good incentive to finish our training. Just think, we’ll be DONE after this. You should be excited about that!”
Zoey: “It’s a game, but I’ll play along if that’s what it takes to end this.”
Zeina: “Is that your plan to get through life? There comes a time when you have to take responsibility. Until or unless you do, we’ll be rivals. This is why I’m so concerned. Once Aunt Bertie’s gone, you’ll be the only family I’ll have left. Please think about that.”
Zoey: “Okay, Okay, that’s enough of that. I’ll do what I’m supposed to.”
Zeina: “Good, now let’s get to work.”
Zoey: “Sure.”
Bates hoped this discussion worked, but he doubted it. He couldn’t help but overhear it and he knew better. A few weeks later, the girls returned to Cedar Hill. They went with Aunt Bertie & Harold to Oklahoma for Christmas. This was the first without Joe, so they spent as much time with the family as they could. It did Aunt Bertie a world of good. She felt better than she had in a long time. Even Zoey enjoyed the trip because it gave her a chance to relax and enjoy her cousins. A few weeks later, they returned to Honolulu.

Bertie (Sobbing):”I really don’t want you all to go!”
Zeina: “I don’t want to go either, but we have to get our training done. It’s been a long uphill battle, but I’m so thrilled we’re almost done. I absolutely LOVE Hawaii.”
Bertie: “I know. I was there with your aunt right before she passed away, remember? I couldn’t do everything y’all have, but it was beautiful. It’s a tourist attraction, though.”
Zeina: “It’s better if you go to the right places.”
Bertie: “Yeah, probably just didn’t hit the right spots. So, how do you like it, Zoey?”
Zoey: “It’s just another place. There’s nothing special about it.”
Bertie: “I guess there’s no pleasing you, huh? I guess I should know that by now.”
Zoey: “I suppose. Guess we better go. The plane can’t wait forever.”
Bertie: “I suppose not. Y’all take care and don’t forget to call.”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison):”We won’t; love you!”

Graduating the Program- May 1999
Save the date, May 29, 1999. Along with the twins, Rachel Cox, Jenny Bates and several others graduated The Program and moved on to middle school for a normal life, or at least normal by most accounts. Because she refused to listen, many felt Zoey wasn’t quite ready for the real world, but she passed the written and hands-on tests, meaning no one could deny her respect. Zoey had to learn on her own. She wouldn’t get far with her attitude. Zeina was very ready and passed everything with flying colors but Bates was concerned. She still wasn’t assertive enough, but he knew it had to come eventually. Bates knew Zoey would take advantage of her weakness if she didn’t do something soon. However, those worries were put on hold because this was graduation day!

Bates: “As we commence this day, I’d like you all to know I’ve enjoyed teaching you. I know you will have great power over the world. I have no idea how or when it will come but please enjoy these last five years in school. It seems like a long time, but I promise it’ll go by very fast! Many students already know who you are.  This will make you many friends, but you must watch for enemies who’ll be jealous. I don’t want to scare you, but its reality. Also, just because you’re not with The Program doesn’t mean you can’t come to me. Thanks again for being part of my life because you are truly my family, and Jenny, this especially means you! Congratulations to you all and good luck!”
After Bates’ speech, all seven of the graduates of The Program walked across the stage to get their certifications. It was a very proud moment in all their lives, perhaps a little too proud for Zoey.

Zoey: “Yeah, that’ right, I’m awesome! YEAH!”
Zeina: “I wouldn’t be so prideful about it. I think it’s wonderful we made it and the Lord has blessed us to have these great powers, but there’s responsibility and I think it’ll be way too much for you to handle.”
Zoey: “The Lord is great, but I still think I can make it on my own. I feel He’s only on our side when things are going the way we think they should. When they aren’t going that way, it’s Satan’s wrath and there’s nothing God or you can do about it!”
Zeina: “Well sis, that’s the difference between us. When something doesn’t go my way, I look to the Lord for strength and guidance, even when it isn’t convenient. If He closes a door, another will open up. The sooner you realize that, the better.”
Zoey: “I suppose.”
Zeina: “Good enough. I think it’s a copout, but good enough for now. That’s enough about that! Let’s enjoy this great day!”
Zoey: “I’m with you.”
The summer of 1999 was once again spent with Aunt Bertie in Cedar Hill before attending Cedar Hill Middle School in the fall. The girls spent one more year in grade school before attending school at Cedar Hill High School (CHHS) as class of 2004


Chapter 16

Normal Life

One year later

Cedar Hill High School
The first year in grade school was nothing to write home about. They were out of the public eye and they loved it. They later admitted the 1999-2000 school year was their favorite and most relaxing. They were still young, plain, and introverted.  They still met with Bates once a week only to keep their powers and skills “fresh.” Eighth grade had no real significance, other than the fact that they made straight A’s which was a sign of their amazing IQ.
In high school, it was entirely different. By the fall, they developed into beautiful young women and guys noticed. Bates and Aunt Bertie were concerned because they were afraid it would affect their mission. They were especially worried about Zoey. On the first day of school on Aug. 13, 2001, it was very obvious. They were 5’1” with thick blonde curly hair down to their shoulders and great figures. Zoey loved the attention, but Zeina wasn’t sure. She was always intellectual and serious. She knew boys and wasn’t sure how to handle it. This wasn’t a problem for Zoey. She wanted guys to notice her and stopped at nothing to get attention.

Zoey: “What do you think? We’re gorgeous and we’re going to rack them in for the next four years! I’ve been waiting for this forever! It’s going to be great!”
Zeina: “Remember what Bates and Aunt Bertie said. We must focus on our powers and school so we can succeed in our missions. We don’t have time for guys.”
Zoey: “Why are you worried? We’ve always done well in school.”
Zeina: “These dresses for one thing. They’re too tight and short! What kind of impression is it going to leave?”
Zoey: “They’ll say we’re not prudes! Last year even I played the part because it was our first year in school. That’s not us! If you’ve got it, flaunt it. That’s all I’m saying.”
Zeina: “Fine. I’ll go along with it for now, but we’ve got to be more modest if we’re to be good examples. We’re held up to a standard because we have special powers and intelligence. We’re robbing ourselves of potential.”
Zoey: “Ok, ok. After we make an impression, we’ll go back to modesty.”
Zeina: “Thank you.”

Zeina’s prediction was true. They attracted way too much attention and it turned out disastrous.

5’1 vs. 6’5
It was a sunny day late in the week when Zeina’s prediction about the sexy dress became real. Zoey was walking to class and five guys from the varsity football team were in the courtyard by the cafeteria. As she approached the building, she purposely strutted by the training facility. They were all about 6’5”. They started talking about her and it escalated.

Cody Stanfield: “This is our senior year and a guy can have anything he wants.”
Jess Sheffield: “I know. It’s because we’re seniors! Did you check the new freshmen twins? What are their names?”
Cody: “I believe Zeina and Zoey Merchins. Yeah, they’re hot! If I could get one, I’d have EVERYTHING I want!”
Jess: “Be careful. They’re not girly girls. They look like it, but they can turn sticks into baseball bats and hit you over the head.”
Cody: “That’s ridiculous! Who ever heard of that?”
Jess: “I’m telling you. I’ve heard from several people. One of them turned into a wolverine and the other turned into a bear to get her to quit fighting with a neighborhood girl. I’m not taking them lightly!”
Cody: “Do you really believe that nonsense? NOBODY has that kind of power or strength. Besides, they’re only 5’1” and 92 pounds. They won’t hurt a fly! Enough said!”
Jess: “You’re right. That’s silly!”
Cody: “I’ll prove you wrong! There’s Zoey! Right now, I’m in the mood for a nice hot girl!”

Zoey walked by in her tight red dress, top with her black belt and black high heeled shoes. Cody and Jess whistled at her and she couldn’t get over there fast enough!

Cody: “Hey there, you wouldn’t happen to be a beautiful girl in a beautiful red dress would you?”
Zoey: “Yes I would!”
Jess: “Pardon me, ma’am. My name is Jess Sheffield. I’m a senior here!”
Zoey: “What would you big boys want with a little old girl like me?”
Cody: “We can think of plenty.”
Zoey: “You can’t handle me!”
Jess: “I bet we can.”

Cody grabbed her arm and demanded he walk her to class!

Cody: “Let me walk you to your next class.”
Zoey: “Let me go! I’m serious! I’m not playing anymore. LET ME GO!”
Jess: “Calm down! How do you expect him to carry your books if you don’t let him?”
Zoey: “I asked you let go of me, now please!”

At that moment, Cody grabbed them out of her hands and they fell in the mud.

Cody: “Oh now, look what you’ve done. It wouldn’t be right if I didn’t help you clean it up.”
Jess (Rubbing Zoey’s face): “Let me help you.”
Zoey: “Take your hands off me!”

Zoey knocked Jess flat on the ground!

Jess: “You really are tough, but I bet you can’t handle two more!”
Zoey (Yelling):“I bet I can! Bring it on!”
Two more came to the rescue. Zoey tried disappearing but was too slow. She wanted to disappear, reappear and attack from behind. After three tries, she was too tired to continue. They started beating her up. Then, Zeina showed up! Realizing Zoey was in danger; she grabbed a stick, turned it into a baseball bat and ran to her aid.

Cody: “Have you had enough? You’re not as tough as you thought! All you have to do is apologize and we’ll let you go and pretend this never happened.”
Zoey: “Not a chance!”

They tried jumping her again, but they heard a blood curdling scream. It was Zeina coming at them with a baseball bat!

Cody: “Who’s that? She looks exactly like you! That’s not your double, is it?”
Zeina: “No idiot! That’s Zeina!”
Cody: “Oh man, we’ve had it now!”
Zoey: “You better run while you can!”
Jess: “We aren’t going anywhere!”
Zoey: “Have it your way, but you’ll be sorry!”
With the distraction, Zoey’s strength returned. She kept hitting them, disappearing and reappearing from behind while Zeina constantly beat them with the bat. In a few minutes there was no one standing! These little 5’1” girls hurt the big burly guys! In fact, they missed three weeks of football! They had broken ribs, dislocated shoulders and black eyes. Afterwards, Zeina gave Zoey a speech.

Zeina: “No more tight dresses for me. That kind of attention I can do without! Thank you very much!”
Zoey: “Yeah, I’ve learned my lesson!”
Zeina: “I told you it was a bad idea! I don’t mind helping you, but you’ve got be more careful! If you can’t handle it without giving them diseases, lighting them on fire, or freezing them, don’t provoke anyone. I’m very surprised you didn’t burn him!”
Zoey: “You know me.”
Zeina: “That’s what I’m scared of.”
Zoey: “You’re right. This outfit is ruined. I wouldn’t have anything to wear anyway.”
Zeina: “It proves we shouldn’t make spectacles of ourselves by wearing them.”
Zoey: “Right.”

Fitting In
Following the buzz of the 5’1”/6’5” incident, the girls knew their place and stayed in it. It was great for Zeina because all she desired was a normal life. She knew her actions would reflect the future. More importantly, she wanted to take care of Aunt Bertie. She continued her quest for a Christian life, made friends and formed a group. She tried to talk Zoey into it, but to no avail. Without this, she knew she’d have trouble getting along.
Zoey wasn’t sure about anything. She was withdrawn. Her peers labeled her as a loner. She hated it because she didn’t think that way. She just didn’t like people. No matter how many times Zeina tried to convince her otherwise, she felt she was in her shadow. With time, she became much more confident. When she did, she strove for attention. Like Zeina, she was glad to be done with training. Unfortunately, they were already going their separate ways. Their personalities were entirely too different.

Zeina: “I really LOVE high school! This new group is great! Everyone shares the love of Christ and I can’t think of any other place I’d rather be, whether it’s taking care of Aunt Bertie, being with my husband or raising my children.”
Zoey: “Is that a hint y’all would like to go to Pripyat with me?”
Zeina: “Not that again! There’s nothing there but abandoned buildings, radiation and old dolls people left behind!”
Zoey: “That’s why I want to go! I hate being around people and I’m not a sociable person. I need something like that to start over, to start ruling the world from the eastern hemisphere.”
Zeina: “You’re talking crazy! If that’s your plan, I’m not going with you!”
Zoey: “Where else would you go?”
Zeina: “Nowhere.”
Zoey: “What?”
Zeina: “Nowhere. I want to stay here and I’d like you to stay! Aren’t you tired of travelling yet?”
Zoey: “I’m not travelling after I get to Pripyat. I’m staying.”
Zeina: “Can we talk about something else? I don’t even want to think about us splitting up, much less talk about it.”
Zoey: “Have it your way, but it IS going to happen.”
Zeina: “I’d thank you anyway for not talking about it.”
Zoey: “Let’s talk about that cute guy in class who has his eye on you.”
Zeina: “Let’s not and say we did.”
Zoey: “Sure.”

Zeina knew they weren’t staying together. She just needed time to process it. She prayed, but it looked less and less likely.

October 2000- The famous Merchins twins
The girls were very well known after the 5’1/6’5 incident because of its importance. It was the beginning of the huge following for their mission. They were “The Famous Merchins twins.” The students were both amazed and scared. Amazed at their powers, and scared to mess with them.
Popularity was extremely rough for Zeina. She had no desire or place for it. It interfered with her plan for a normal life. She knew it was inevitable, but she didn’t want it then.  She loved church, her Christian life, her family and she knew her mission would eventually come. However, her peers wanted to see her powers.  She showed them every now and then, but only in attempt to get them to quit asking. This happened when Rachel talked her into doing a demonstration after Sunday school.

Rachel Cox: “The Sunday school class wants to see some of your powers. I told them you’d be glad to show them.”
Zeina: “Why did you do that? I told you I don’t want to make a big deal about it! Besides, I haven’t changed clothes yet. This is not an appropriate time. Sorry everyone, Rachel got carried away!”
Rachel: “Change clothes? Come on, since when has that mattered?”
Zeina: “You’re getting me confused with Zoey. Ask her to do some for you. It’s the same thing!”
Rachel: “She shows them off all the time! We’re tired of her boasting!”
Zeina: “The answer is NO!”
Rachel: “I get it! It’s because you’re too passive and scared!”
Zeina (hesitant; sighing): “Ok, since you put it that way and to prove I’m not scared, I’ll do Fire & Ice! Maybe this will end the suspense. Don’t get used to it!”
The Sunday school group turned silent. Zeina stared at a piece of grass, her eyes turned red, then she shot a ball of fire that singed the grass until there was nothing left but dirt, blazing a trail.

Zeina: “Now for the ice! Are you ready?”
Sunday school (Unison): “YEAH!!
Zeina: “Okay, watch out!”
Zeina’s eyes turned a deep, dark blue and shot a thick strand of ice in a perfect line, freezing the grass next to the fire trail she made moments earlier. Rachel and the crowd cheer.

Rachel: “See, you didn’t even mess up that gorgeous dress of yours or get a hair out of place!
Zeina: “Very funny! Okay group, the fun’s over. Go home. I’d like to get some rest before the evening service starts.”
Rachel: “Sounds good to me!”
Zeina had a long talk with Rachel. She could tell she wasn’t happy.

Zeina: (Yelling): “DON’T EVER, EVER, EVER do that again! You have no idea what could’ve happened! I take this very seriously and TOO MANY know about my powers as it is! I have no desire to flaunt this right now, you got that?”
Rachel: “Okay, Okay! Why are you so upset?”
Zeina: “Why am I so upset? I’ll tell you why! I wanted to ask you after church to be my right-hand, but I don’t think it’s a good idea because of what you just did. That, my friend, is why I’m so upset!”
Rachel: “You know I’d be honored. You know I’ll never do anything like that again.”
Zeina: “It’s too late! I have to put much more thought into it. How do I know you do this again?”
Rachel: “You have my word! I’ll even put it in writing and have you can sign it!”
Zeina: “I can’t. I need time to think about it. This is a very serious thing. I’m VERY serious about everything I do. You broke my trust. Until I feel it’s restored, I have to say no.”
Rachel: “I understand, but I still think you’re overreacting.”
Zeina: “Let’s not talk about it anymore, please. My mind it made up! I’m still very upset with you! We’ll talk about it later.”
Rachel: “Okay.”
Zeina didn’t talk to Rachel for over a month. Zoey, on the other hand, found fame to be the essence of her existence. She didn’t understand Zeina’s passiveness. Her philosophy was “If you’ve got it, flaunt it.” She did everything to be the center of attention. Even worse, she still had issues with religion. She still thought the only time she needed Jesus was when something was terribly wrong or when it was convenient. She still went to church but it didn’t change her way of thinking. This showed when her peers approached her the same way Zeina’s did. It was Alexis Matterhorn who persuaded Zoey, as if she needed any.
Alexis: “You aren’t going to let your sister show you up, are you?”
Zoey: “What do you mean?”
Alexis: “You have to know! After church on Sunday, Rachel asked Zeina to demonstrate her power. She did it perfectly. She used the Fire and Ice method.”
Zoey: “She didn’t tell me anything. How dare she? Of course I won’t let her show me up!”
The group (unison): “YEAH! Don’t let that wimpy sister of yours show you up! Give us a demonstration!”
Zoey: “I thought you’d never ask. I’ll meet y’all out back this afternoon!”

After school, Alexis and the group gathered in the courtyard by the tennis courts.

Alexis: “Let’s get on with it! We didn’t come out here to waste our time.”
Zoey: “Sure thing. Here it goes.”
As with Zeina her eyes turned red she shot out a big ball of fire. There was a major problem. It WASN’T thin, perfect and straight, but all over! The grass caught fire and it quickly spread to the tool shed!

Zoey: “What do you think? I bet Zeina’s didn’t torch the grass like that. Here comes the ice!”
Like Zeina, her eyes turned a deep dark blue, but the ice scattered.  It froze a young boy who was passing by the fire which had engulfed the tool shed!

Alexis: “You better do something quick!”
The crowd immediately disbursed for their own safety.

Zoey: “I’m trying, I’m trying!”
Zeina heard the commotion outside. She happened to be there that day because she was tutoring.

Zeina: “OH NO! My sister’s at it again! Hold on a minute! How many times have I told her to quit being a showoff?”
Lightning flashed in Zeina’s eyes, creating a huge black cloud and rain to put out the fire! The warm rain gradually melted the ice and freed the trapped little boy. He was okay, but was frostbitten. Zeina once again saved the day!

Zeina: How many times am I going to cover for you? I love you to death, but you have GOT to stop being a showoff! I understand your eagerness, but you have to mellow out! You were prodded by your peers, but so was I. This has to STOP!”
Zoey: “What if it doesn’t? What if I still want to go to Pripyat? I still do, you know!”
Zeina: “This has nothing to do with Pripyat! Carelessness will get you in trouble there too! I’m tired of bailing out and I can’t do it much longer! Okay, I’ll bail you out one more time and that’s it! I’ve had it!”
Zoey: “Fine, but I’m going to Pripyat and there’s no way you can stop me!”
Zeina; “Maybe not, but trust me, you’ll be making a mistake. It needs to be left alone!”
Zoey: “That’s your opinion.”
Zeina: “I suppose.”
Zoey: “But if it makes you feel better, I’ll stop.”
Zeina: “I’m very glad to hear that.”
There was no more drama the rest of the year. The girls built up their peers for their missions and everyone hoped they were on the same level, especially after Zeina’s talk with Zoey


Chapter 17

Splitting of the hairs

One Year Later- October 2001

The Revelation
Oct. 26, 2001: A day Zeina Elizabeth Merchins never forgot. Average readers would never figure out why the author of a story knows so much about the subjects, but in this case it becomes quite clear when that person is married to one of them. My name is not important. It’s obvious to the reader, so I’ll refer to myself as “I” or “Me” when I tell the story from now on. This is my life with Zeina and Zoey Merchins. This makes this story so unique and I must say marrying into the Merchins/Jones family has been quite the experience. It’s now 2035 and I still remember it so vividly. So without further ado, here we go.
It started at a football game. Cedar Hill hosted Lancaster. It was a very cold night, especially for that time of year. I moved from Mesquite, TX. I was very upset because I wanted to stay there and graduate with my class, but my parents moved to be closer to their jobs. I was the football star, I lettered in track and I was pretty good at basketball.  I didn’t want to go to the game but mom and dad were so insistent! In fact, they almost pushed me out the door! I lived directly across the street from the school, so I walked to the game.
When I arrived, I noticed two very beautiful twin girls, so I sat beside them. The one sitting closest to me kept looking at me, but neither of us said a word.  We were too interested in the game to have much to say. At halftime, everyone disbursed and walked around. I stayed in my seat and so did she. It was getting colder. Then she finally spoke to me.

Zeina: “Hi there! How are you?
Me: “How are you?”
Zeina: “Fine. You’re not from around here are you?”
Me: “No.”
Zeina: “Where are you from?”
Me: “Mesquite.”
Zeina: “I knew it. I’ve seen you but I knew you weren’t from around here.”
Me: “You’re right, I’m not.”
Zeina: “You’re not really the friendly type, are you?”
Me: “Not really.”
Zeina: “Why not?”
Me: “I’m just not.”
She could tell I wasn’t happy and I knew she didn’t like the way I was talking to her. Honestly, I was kind-of afraid to keep this up. I knew exactly who these girls were and I’d heard the stories. I didn’t want to make her or her sister mad!  I didn’t know which one was talking to me, but they were the Merchins twins and that was all I needed to know!

Zeina: “I might as well get to the point and say what I need to say.”
Me: “And that would be?”
Zeina: “If I wasn’t so attracted to you I’d probably clobber you for being a total and complete jerk! I can predict outcomes. I know you have a sweet, kind and loving heart and I bet I can find it!”
Me: “You’re right. It’s there. This is just a tough time for me.”
Zeina: “Why?”
Me: “We moved to Cedar Hill last summer and I ‘m upset with my parents for moving because I was the track and football star.”
Zeina: “I completely understand, but you’re very lucky. You still have your mama and daddy.”
Me: “You don’t?”
Zeina: “Oh heavens no! Zoey and I lost both of them the summer before we turned five.”
Me: “Oh no! I’m sorry to hear that!”
Zeina: “It’s okay. Our aunt and uncle took very good care of us. He passed away four years ago in January, but she’s still here. She’s not in the best of health, but we try to take care of her the best we can.”
Me: “Wow! Here I am upset with my parents and you don’t even have yours.”
Zeina: “We don’t always know what we have until it’s gone.”
Zoey: “You lovebirds can talk all you want. I’m going somewhere quiet to watch the game! It was great meeting you.”
Me: “By the way, I know y’all are the Merchins girls. I assume that was Zoey.”
Zeina: “Why do you think that’s her?”
Me: “You have to be Zeina! Zoey didn’t say two words to me. Besides, I’ve heard Zeina is much easier to talk to.”
Zeina: “I shouldn’t keep you in suspense. We’ll be seeing much more of each other. I’ll make it easier for you by saying I’m Zeina. I’ll wear a pink bow, pink beret or a pink flower on the right side of my head. If things work out, I’ll wear it on the left side. That’ll mean I’m spoken for. I’ll play it safe for now and keep it on the right. I want to make sure you DON’T get confused!”
Me: “Thanks for doing that. You are so easy to talk to. I’ve never met anyone like you. Would you like to go for pizza after the game?”
Zoey: “Hey goofball lovebirds, the game IS over! Are you too mesmerized to notice?”
Zeina (Giving Zoey a frustrated look and scowl):“I’d love to. By the way, who won?”
Zoey: “Cedar Hill, of course!”
Zeina: “What was the score?”
Zoey: “DUH! 49-24; See, y’all weren’t paying attention!”
Zeina: “Oh well. Let’s eat!”
Zoey: “Good idea.”
We went to Pizza Inn after the game. Zeina and I knew Zoey didn’t want me there, but Zeina did and that was all that mattered. She was only 15, but was mature enough to handle a relationship. I never knew anyone who loved God more than her. I ‘m a Christian, but her faith affected me in a way I still can’t explain. Another great thing about her was she never let her fame get in the way of her family and relationship with God. However, there was a problem. Her name was Zoey and she wasn’t going away anytime soon.
Zoey was also very attracted to me, but she was attracted to males, regardless of their looks. She also had many more suitors than she could handle. She was very envious of our relationship. She only wanted me because she couldn’t have me. She was very unstable, just like everyone said.

Zoey: “Are you going out with him again?”
Zeina: “What’s it to you if I am? It’s my life, isn’t it?”
Zoey: “I don’t like him. I think he’s wrong for you.”
Zeina: “You’re just upset because you can’t have him. I warned you about this. I’m trying to have as normal a life as possible. I think you need to hear what you hear and not what you think you want to hear. I said it because I meant it.”
Zoey: “Where does that leave us?
Zeina: “What do you mean? You’re my sister. You know that’ll never change.”
Zoey: “I’d rather you hang out with me and my friends.”
Zeina: “I have no desire to hang out with your friends. Their beliefs are far different from mine. I’ve tried but I can’t. I’m sorry.”
Zoey: “Go on your date! See if I care!”
Zeina: “I’ve got to go. I’m sure you’ll be fine. Call one of your boyfriends. I’m sure one will take you out.”
Zoey: “I may just do that and thanks again for nothing!”
Zeina: “I’ve got to go. We’ll talk about it later. Hang in there.”
Zoey: (Muttering): “Oh yeah, we’re going to talk. I’ll be right here.”
Zeina and Zoey talked after she returned from our date. Before the night was over, they weren’t speaking. Zeina said it was a simple misunderstanding, but I knew things wouldn’t be the same between them. It wasn’t long until Zeina quit coming to Zoey’s rescue. This was the first tribulation of many. This was the first time I witnessed Zeina’s powers for the first time. I understood why Zeina was so aggravated.

Front seat driving vs. back seat driving

DeSoto, TX- December 2001
Two months later, Zeina and Zoey were finally speaking. We went to the Cedar Hill/DeSoto high school playoff game, which Cedar Hill won 49-28 to advance. With four minutes left, the score was 35-28 Cedar Hill. Desoto had the ball on the 2 yard line. The quarterback dropped back to throw in what looked like an easy touchdown to tie and a Cedar Hill defensive back intercepted the ball and ran it in for a touchdown making the score 42-28, CH. Then, the kickoff was blocked on the next play and CH ran it in for another touchdown, making the score 49-28 with three minutes and 15 seconds. The defense held strong and thus the final score of what had been a great game until the four- minute mark. Still, this wasn’t the highlight of the evening. It was on our way home.
After the game, we ate in DeSoto Town Square before we went back to Zeina and/Zoey’s. It sounded pretty simple, huh? Well, not so much. Zoey found a shortcut. I was reluctant because we were in Aunt Bertie’s 1999 Ford Taurus with only 19000 miles. It wasn’t my car and all I wanted was to get home. Zoey was very insistent on taking it and she got her way.

Zoey: “I’m in the mood for some fun. We still have a few minutes before curfew. Let’s take a shortcut.”
Me: “We need to get home. We’re going to miss our curfew if we don’t stay on track.”
Zoey: “This is why it’s a shortcut, DUH!”
Zeina: “Why do we have to take a shortcut? We’re doing just fine on time. This is Beltline. It’ll lead us home!”
Zoey: “Please, let’s do this shortcut! I guarantee you’ll love it.”
Me and Zeina (Unison): “Okay, if it’ll shut you up.”
After that, she started giving these crazy directions.

Zoey: “Turn left, then right, then left. In a half a mile and you’ll see this weird looking thing that looks like a railroad bridge. It goes up and over the highway.”
Me: “I don’t see it. Okay, I see it.”
Zoey: “It’s pretty steep, so speed up.”
Me: “How fast?”
Zoey: “You need to be going at least 80.”
Me: “I don’t think this a good idea. There’s no such thing around here!”
I remember like it was yesterday. We went up and up. I’d never seen anything like this. It was made of solid steel with a cast iron platform. As we ascended, we approached an opening, but there was no road coming down. We finally went through the opening and we were AIRBORNE!!

Me (Screaming):“What are we going to do? We’re straight up in the air!”
Zoey: “Do something!”
Zeina: “What should I do? We never learned this in training.”
Zoey: “You better think of something! We’re going to die!”
Zeina: “Here goes nothing.”

Zeina closed her eyes and said these words.

Zeina: “Easy, Easy. Bring us down easy.”
After that, the car slowed down, we braced for impact, and the car landed “very gently.” We were okay.  Zeina’s regression and prevention saved us from crashing. Then, we saw a film from the top of the structure. It showed a car jumping and how many people were killed trying to duplicate a stunt where a car jumps and clears other cars at the bottom of the pile. We had absolutely no business on this thing.

Zoey: “MAN! It wasn’t like that when I saw it the other day! I thought it had a place to safely get down! It doesn’t matter. I only wanted to trick y’all.”
After that, Zeina’s face turned red!

Zeina (Yelling): “YOU DID WHAT? HOW DARE YOU!”
Zoey: “Why are you so upset? Lighten up! It was only a game!”
Zeina: “What do you mean? Think of how many people could’ve gotten hurt! Do you know we could’ve killed him?”
Zoey: “Calm down! It’s not like I’m going to do anything like that again!”
Zeina: “Oh, I know that because I’m not bailing you out again! That’s it!”
Zoey: “But...”
Zeina: “I don’t want to talk about it until we get home and then we WILL talk about it!”
Zoey: “See, we’re home five minutes early! I told you it was a great shortcut!”
Zeina: “Shut up!”
Me: “I’ll see you tomorrow, Zeina.”
Zeina: “I’m sure you will. You might have to bail me out of jail after I get through with her!”
Me: “You’ll be alright. Good night.”
Later that night…

Zeina: (Shouting): “You’ve really done it this time! I warned you and you’ve have REALLY crossed the line!”
Zoey: “I still don’t understand why you’re so upset, sweetheart.”
Zeina: (Still shouting): “I don’t think you understand! This IS IT! I’m not helping you ANYMORE! Get that through your head! I love you, but no more!”
Bertie: “What’s going on? What’s up with the yelling?”
Zeina: “Ask Zoey. I don’t want to talk about it anymore!”
Bertie: “What happened? Did you have a bad night?”
Zeina: “Not at all! We only got airborne in your car and thought we were dead!”
Bertie: “I’ve never seen you this upset! You’ve never yelled at me before! Now I KNOW something’s wrong. Wait a minute! You jumped through the air in my car! What’s REALLY going on?”
Zeina: “It’s much more than that. Zoey forced me to use my powers! I’ve never agreed with Bates more about her not being cut out for this ‘Save the World’ campaign he keeps talking about! This is going to sound bad, but I CAN’T bail her out anymore!”
Bertie: “I agree. She HAS to work it out for herself, but you y’all still need to work things out for yourselves.”
Zoey: “How can you say that?”
Bertie: “Because it’s true. I’m taking Zeina’s side on this. Zeina, do whatever you need to do. There’s no sense in putting yourself in jeopardy anymore.”
Zeina: “Thanks, I’m glad you understand! Zoey, good luck, you’re going to need it!”
Zoey: “Okay, but the day will come when you’ll regret not helping me.”
Zeina: “I think not. Do your thing and I’ll do mine. That way, we’ll all be happy.”
Zoey: “HMM!”
The rest of the year was rocky. Zeina didn’t speak to Zoey and they were already very alienated like counselor Bates and Zeina predicted years before. Bertie and Joe allowed Zoey to stay in The Program and things were getting much worse.

Bullying- Apr.2002
Three and half months passed and the girls were still on opposite sides. Zoey wanted to retaliate against Zeina. When they defended each other, Zoey was able to use Zeina, but she was vindictive. She retaliated by having Alexis Matterhorn bully her. She did this to make it look like Alexis was the main perpetrator. However, Zeina knew better and was not surprised.

Alexis: “Hey Zeina, how are you?”
Zeina: “Are you talking to me? Did Zoey put you up to this?”
Alexis: “No, this has nothing to do with Zoey. I came on my own. Do you notice that many of your followers are trying to convince you to use your powers?”
Zeina: “Why yes! Is there any reason why?”
Alexis: “No, I’m just curious. Zoey hasn’t mentioned anything about me bullying you.”
Zeina: “Uh huh. That’s nice to know because you know I won’t use my powers unless I have to.”
Alexis: “Certainly. You have my help anytime you need it. One thing’s for sure, they’ll be around.”
Zeina: “I appreciate it, but I can handle myself.”
Alexis: “We’ll see.”
Zeina: “You got that right.”
Zeina wasn’t fooled when it happened a few days later. After lunch, Zoey’s friends cornered her. They wanted her to create a storm. She knew what was going on, but she did it to keep the peace. She needed proof. After school, Zeina cornered Patricia Sellers. She was directly under Alexis. She was more honest than Alexis and she got a straight answer.

Zeina: “Can I talk to you for a minute?”
Patricia: “Make it fast. I have to get home.”
Zeina: “It won’t take long, trust me. It’s about today.”
Patricia: “I’m busy. I really have to go!”
Zeina (grasping her by the collar of her blouse): “I’M NOT ASKING YOU TO STOP, I’M TELLING YOU! Why did you and 29 of Zoey’s friends back me up in a corner and make me create that storm? You have about ten seconds to tell me! If you don’t, I’ll do the same to you all when you least expect it. It’s up to you!
Patricia: “What does Zoey have to do with this?”
Zeina: “I know what’s going on, so you might as well tell me and STOP PLAYING GAMES!”
Patricia: “It was Zoey and Alexis! I didn’t want to do it! That’s not my nature. They threatened me that if I didn’t, I’d be sorry!”
Zeina (Sighing): “It’s okay. The important thing is that you told me. I understand how they manipulated you, but why? You were always so beautiful and sweet. How did you ever get involved with them? That’s not your nature.”
Patricia: “I know. She seemed so sweet, like you.”
Zeina: “You thought we were alike? Why in the devil did you think that?”
Patricia: “Zoey has that effect on people.”
Zeina: “Don’t I know it. Do you want to join my group? I’ll make you third in command. I was going to make Rachel my second, but she betrayed my trust a few weeks ago, but she’s built it back up again. You’ll be under her if you accept. I would like it very much. Think about it and let me know.”
Patricia: “Come again?”
Zeina: “I didn’t stutter. How would you like to become my third?”
Patricia: “I would LOVE it, but how do you know you can trust me?”
Zeina: “Do you want to join my group or not?”
Patricia: “Sure, but.”
Zeina: “No but’s, you’re my third in command! Don’t worry, I trust you!”
Patricia: “Thank you. I really have to go.”
Zeina: “Okay and thank you even more. I want you to do your first order of business tomorrow morning. I need a witness when I confront Zoey. Meet me in the woods behind my house tomorrow morning at 8.”
Patricia: “You got it.”

The Confrontation
After breakfast the next morning, Zeina and Zoey took a walk in the woods with Patricia present.  Zeina had to end Zoey’s consistent troublemaking and she needed her to record and document the conversation so she could present her case to Aunt Bertie. She didn’t want it to happen, but she had no choice. She’d discussed it with Aunt Bertie the night before while walking the neighborhood. Changes had to be made.

Zeina: “Now that we’re done with breakfast, we need to go to the woods and talk.”
Zoey: “Uh oh, what did I do now?”
Zeina: “Don’t act so innocent. You know what’s going on. You remember your old friend Patricia, don’t you?”
Zoey: “Yeah, what’s she doing here?”
Patricia: “Zoey, you’re looking at Zeina’s new member. I’m third in line in her group now and not yours!”
Zoey (Getting as she lunges toward her in attack): “WHAT?”
Zeina stepped in front of Patricia and knocked Zoey down!

Zeina (Yelling): “BACK OFF ZOEY! You’re in enough trouble already!”
Zoey: “Just get to the reason why we’re out here! I have homework!”
Zeina: “The homework can wait! Besides, you always bring that up when you know you’re in trouble and don’t want to face it! Just listen to what we have to say! That’s your problem, you DON’T listen!”
Zoey: “Just get on with it!”
Zeina: “You put your followers up to bullying me, didn’t you? Tell me the truth, or so help me, I’ll get you were it hurts! You did it because I decided I wasn’t going bail you out anymore, didn’t you?”
Zoey: “YES; YES I DID? I did it to get you back! Did it feel good?”
Zeina: “NO, IT DIDN’T! Do you realize how much it hurt me to tell you I couldn’t help you? It’s not that I didn’t want to, it’s because I had to! Is that so difficult for you to understand?”
Zoey: “I really don’t care! You made your decision, now deal with it!”
Zeina (Crying): “I do, and I deal with it every day!”
Zoey: “Why are you even telling me what to do? It’s not your place to confront me at OUR home! Aunt Bertie has the final say. I’d LOVE to hear what she has to say about this!”
Bertie walks toward the girls with the final news.

Bertie: “Zoey, I think it’s time you pack your bags and left. You can’t stay here anymore.”
Zoey: “But aunt Bertie…”
Bertie: “My mind is made up! I’ve already made arrangements with Alexis and her parents. It’s for the best. You’re welcome anytime, but you and Zeina need to be separated. We both agree it’s the best solution. If there was another way, I’d try it, but we seem to be out of options.”
Zoey: “You know you’re right. I don’t need you anyway. I don’t need you, I don’t need Jesus, and I don’t need Zeina! BYE!”
Zeina: “You’ll understand the ways of Jesus one day, but you’re too confused right now. I’ll pray for you, but for now, its best we don’t live under the same roof.”
Bertie: “Zeina’s right. Come back anytime you want, but you have to leave come sundown. I still love you and I wish the best for you.”
Zoey (Throwing clothes carelessly into a suitcase):“Good riddance! I don’t need any of you! Don’t ever speak to me again!”
Sadly, Zoey and Aunt Bertie rarely spoke after that day. Zeina and Zoey became very distant from each other. Zeina knew Zoey would come around, but how long would it be? What was to happen before they’d get to that point? Only God knew.


Chapter 18

Taking Sides

Building Empires

Summer 2002
A few weeks after the confrontation, Zeina already had Christian followers from church. During the summer, she went from having 75 to over 500. She didn’t take any chances. Zoey was still very upset with her and also didn’t take any chances. Bertie and Zeina were still heartbroken about the split, but they knew it was for the best. Zeina and Harold had their hands full taking care of her. Her health was failing. I spent a great deal of time helping Zeina with her too. Zoey came back with a vengeance, adding to the problem.

Zeina: “What’s she doing here? She knows better than that!”
Me: “Don’t let her get to you. I’m sure that’s what she wants. You don’t need the stress.”
Zeina: “I’ll try, love, but it’s very hard to stay calm.”
Me: “I know, babe. Do the best you can.”
Zeina: “You know I will.”
Zoey: “Well, well, well. How are we doing today?”
Zeina: “Hello, Zoey. How goes it?”
Zoey: “Oh, I’m doing GREAT! You and Aunt Bertie are out of my life, so what more could I ask?”
Zeina: “And she’s not even here right now! It’s like you knew she was gone.”
Zoey: “I’m psychic like my WONDERFUL twin, remember? Apparently, I’m just not as good as you are!”
Zeina: “You got me there. Now what do you really want? I l know this isn’t a social call.”
Zoey (in Zeina’s face): “WOW! You really are PSYCHIC. You’re ABSOLUTELY RIGHT! It’s NOT a SOCIAL CALL!”
Zeina: “First of all, STOP YELLING! I can hear you! Secondly, GET OUT OF MY FACE and speak to me in a normal tone of voice, and finally, get to the point!”
Zoey: “I want to make amends. This has gone on long enough. I can’t do it without you. I promise it’ll be different.”
Zeina: “I want to believe you, but I know it won’t change. You’re too much of a threat to my safety and hundreds of others.”
Zoey: “Okay, you’ve made your choice and I have to live with it; but let me tell you something, I’m NOT going away until you see it my way.”
Zeina: “Whatever it takes! I should tell you to bring it on, but it’s not in my nature. However, let me assure you, I’m not going to be passive! I have a big following, so be prepared.”
Zoey: “Fine, you’ve got yourself a battle! See you on the other side!”
Zeina: “I’ll be ready!”
Zoey: “You better!”
As Zoey left, Aunt Bertie pulled in the driveway.

Bertie: “What was that about?”
Me: “What do you mean, Ma’am?”
Bertie: “I saw Zoey going down the street.”
Zeina: “She threatened me again. I told her to bring it on. I’m sorry, but she just gets to me.”
Bertie: “Don’t worry. We’re meeting counselor Bates tomorrow. That’s where I was and this feud is why I went to see him.”
Zeina: “Are you sure that’s necessary? Except for minor problems, we’ve solved a lot of problems.”
Bertie: “You only have two years left in school and y’all need to get along as much as possible.”
Zeina: “You’re right. It won’t hurt to see him again.”
In a very short time, Zoey built up an army of about 300, which was almost half the size of Zeina’s. There was a battle coming. No one was sure when.

Fulfilled Prophecies

Fall 2002
When Zeina and Bertie arrived the next day, Bates talked to them. He’d had very little contact with Zeina and Zoey since training and they needed advice concerning Zoey. His response wasn’t surprising.

Bates: “It’s great to see you! How have you been?
Bertie: “How are you? It’s been a long time. Hope you’re well.”
Bates: “I’m fine, thanks. I’m guessing there are problems?”
Bertie (Laughing): “How did you ever guess? You must be psychic, huh?”
Bates: “Some say, but I don’t really think so.”
Bertie: “Seriously though, I ‘m very concerned about Zeina and Zoey’s relationship. They’re not speaking unless Zoey wants to start trouble. What should we do?”
Bates: “Zeina, what seems to be the problem?”
Zeina: “If you don’t know, I won’t tell you.”
Bertie: “You both know why we’re here.”
Zeina: “You were right. I quit helping Zoey out last December. Since then, she’s been very aggressive. I’m trying to be supportive, but I can’t because of her ego.”
Bates: “So, what’s changed? That’s Zoey. You’re becoming adults and we both agreed you weren’t going in the same direction. Do you remember?”
Zeina: “We did, but now that it’s happening, I don’t want to believe it.”
Bates: “That’s reality. Like I said, Zoey never wanted to cooperate in the past, so what makes you think she will now? Bertie, I told you and Joe the same thing, didn’t I? It’ll take a miracle to turn Zoey around.”
Bertie: “What do you suggest?”
Bates: “I don’t know. Do your best to get along with her, pray for a miracle, and hope she comes around.”
Bertie: “Do you think Zoey should come back home?”
Bates: “That’s the worst thing you can do! Kicking Zoey was the best thing. She’s has to take care of herself if she can’t follow the rules! She’s beyond help. You and Zeina realized that and put your foot down! I’m very proud of both of you!”
Zeina: “What if she taunts me again?”
Bates: “Don’t worry about that. I’ll talk to her after you leave.”
Bertie: “I think we’ve done all we can do.”
Bates: “Yes, Ma’am. I’ll talk to Zoey.”
Zeina and Bertie (Unison): “Thank you so much.”
Bates: “Don’t mention it. Sorry I couldn’t help you much. It is what it is. You have a sweet little niece there. You should be very proud!”
Zeina: “Thanks, counselor. Yes, I’m very fortunate to have such a great aunt too!”
Bertie: “Thanks Zeina. Mr. Bates, let me know if there’s anything we need to discuss.”
Bates: “I will. Thanks.
Bates confronts Zoey.

Bates: “Can we talk?”
Zoey: “What about?”
Bates: “I have to talk to you about your Aunt Bertie and Zeina.”
Zoey: “Why them? They’re out of my life now. I’m living with Alexis now. Why don’t you leave it be? I’m not going back!”
Bates: “I don’t want you to go back. I have some advice if you’re willing to listen.”
Zoey: “Okay.”
Bates: “Aunt Bertie & Zeina were here and they don’t want you back because of your attitude.”
Zoey: “My attitude?”
Bates: “Just listen to me! They’re very concerned. There’s nothing else they can do for you and they hope you’ll change. If you’re not willing to change, the living arrangements shouldn’t either. However, I want you to be polite to your sister. Y’all don’t have to be best friends, but I want you to get along! I never understood why you were never close, but that’s between you and her. All I ask is that you get along. Can you do that?”
Zoey: “Sure, she’s the only immediate family I’ve got. I don’t know why we were never close, but I guess twins just have different personalities.”
Bates: “I suppose so, but it sounds good to hear. “I just wish I could believe you.”
Zoey: “Yeah. Can I be excused now?”
Bates: “Sure, but don’t you have any questions or concerns about this? It’s a major problem when there’s family strife. If I were you, I’d resolve it immediately.”
Zoey: “Oh, I don’t need them. I’m fine on my own, whether it’s my family or God.”
Bates: “Okay, but I wish you’d reconsider.”
Zoey: “Uh, huh.”
The girls spent their first Christmas apart. Zeina, Harold, Bertie and I were in Oklahoma, visiting Zeina and Harold’s aunt. This was the first time I met Zeina’s family in Oklahoma. Bertie was sick and Zeina and Harold stayed with her. We all had a great time. After we returned we talked to Zoey about Christmas, but she no longer celebrated it. She said Jesus didn’t care if we celebrated Him or not.
When we returned to school January 6, Zoey pretended we were “One big, happy family.” She had everyone fooled. Zeina didn’t confront her about it. She knew it was best. Zoey tried to make it look like everything was great, but Zeina knew otherwise. She knew there’d be war.

Zoey (Running up to hug her): “Zeina, how are you? I’ve missed seeing you!”
Zeina: “What’s this? We’re barely speaking. Are you turning over a new leaf?”
Zoey: “Don’t you know? We’re one big, happy family!”
Zeina: “You know better than that! Now, let’s stop with the faking!”
Zoey: “I know what Bates said and he’s right. There’s nothing that says sisters have to be best friends.”
Zeina: “I suppose. I know we can’t live together, but I still love you. If you have a problem, please feel free to talk to me about it. I can’t take up for you anymore, but we can still talk.”
Zoey: “You can do the same thing with me too. By the way, how’s Aunt Bertie?”
Zeina: “She’s okay. She’s heartbroken about us living apart, but she understands we’re different.”
Zoey: “That we are. I better get to class. We will talk later.”
Zeina: “Okay.”
Me: “Did you believe that?”
Zeina: “Not really. Let’s go.”
Me: “Sure thing, love.”
Through winter and spring, the girls got along very well. Zeina didn’t trust her sister at all. Zoey had no desire to settle her family problems. Behind the friendly persona lurked a very evil plan to wage war against her sister.

Senior Year (August 2003-May 2004)
Zeina still recalls our first day as seniors. Everyone was screaming “SENIORS! SENIORS! SENIORS! Everyone in the school heard it. We felt their pain knowing they had a few more years to go instead of just one. I felt that way last year. This was our last year and we wanted everyone to know. It was also a year of change because we knew Zoey was leaving for Pripyat, much to everyone’s chagrin. Deep down, Zeina wanted her to stay in Cedar Hill, but it was her decision. She hoped by not harping on it, she would. At the assembly, Zeina and Zoey had to sit together because of assigned seating, in alphabetical order. It gave them a chance to talk.

Zoey (Yelling):“It’s hard to believe we’re SENIORS! We’re ruling the school this year! No one is going to tell us what to do!”
Zeina (Whispering): “Be quiet. You’re going to get us in trouble. Besides, I want to hear this.”
Zoey: “Who cares? We’re seniors! We don’t have to listen to them rattle on about our future. I already know I’m going to Pripyat to retrogress.”
Zeina: “Retrogress to yourself. I want to hear this. Do it quietly while you’re at it!”
Zoey: “FINE!”
Bates: “Do you have a problem, Zoey? I am trying to conduct this assembly. I know you’re excited, but you need to listen.”
Zoey: “Yes sir. I’m sorry I interrupted.”
Zeina: “Don’t look at me! I told you to be quiet!”
Zoey: “Ok, I won’t say another word.”
After the ceremony, I joined them for breakfast. It reminded me as to why they went their separate ways. They looked almost exactly alike, except for the pink bow in Zeina’s hair. Zoey argued about the most stupid things.

Zoey: “I can’t believe Bates had the nerve to tell me to be quiet! He’s just a counselor! We have much more power than he does!”
Zeina: “I don’t know. He trained us. I think he knows much more than you think. In fact, I’m sure he does. I have a strong suspicion. He can be very dangerous! I’m VERY leery and you should be too!”
Zoey: “HA, HA, HA! Are we talking the same person? I can take him down any day!”
Zeina: “I’m serious! I don’t think WE can beat him, much less you. Be very careful! I think he’s going to cause a lot of trouble one day. There’s something about him I don’t like.”
Zoey: “Whatever.”
Zeina: I see that’s the best I’m going to get out of you. Anyway, why are you so dressed up today? You know this is just the first day of school and not prom, right?”
Zoey: “You’re not exactly Ms. Casual, hair all pretty, pink blouse, red dress and that pink bow in your hair!”
Zeina: “At least I’m not dressed like someone who just stepped out of a salon!”
Zoey: “I like to be noticed!”
Zeina: “That you do.”
Me: “All right, you two! Are you going to enjoy breakfast or fight the whole time? You both look lovely, how’s that?”
Zeina and Zoey (unison): “Thanks!”
We went to work after breakfast. We had a lot to do before graduation. Zeina and Zoey were candidates for Valedictorian and it was personal for Zoey. I thought it was ridiculous, but that’s Zoey. She wanted it bad and stopped at nothing to get it. It was obvious when Zeina got “Most likely to succeed” over Zoey getting “Biggest Flirt.” She was very proud, but also very upset.

Zeina: “Wow baby, I got most likely to succeed! How cool is that?”
Me: “Was there any doubt?”
Zeina: “Too true, too true! It doesn’t make any difference. I have you!”
Me: “AWE, thank you honey!”
Then we kissed.

Zoey: “Ain’t that sweet? Congratulations on that! You know I’m proud! UGH!!”
Zeina: “Be proud of me for once! Why are you so jealous? We’re sisters. This needs to end!”
Zoey: “What makes you think I’m jealous? Is it because I said “UGH” or the tone?”
Zeina: “It’s both. Why can’t you just be happy for me? Okay, how about this. It’s just a stupid poll! Are you happy now?”
Zoey: “Oh yeah, so happy!”
Zeina: “I guess that’ll have to do, huh? Well, as long as you’re okay with it. You know I’m humble.”
Zoey: “Sure you are. By the way, I got Biggest Flirt. How does that grab you?”
Zeina: “I saw that, but what difference does it make? Didn’t we just agree it’s a stupid poll?”
Zoey: “Now that we’ve agreed, I can boast!”
Zeina: “I can’t argue there. You have almost every guy in school kissing your feet and worshipping the ground you walk on! You have a new one almost weekly.”
Zoey (Flipping her hair): “It helps me get my way.”
Zeina: “I can’t argue there either.”
Zoey: “So true. Anyway, I have bigger fish to fry.”
Zeina: “I’m sure. I’ll see you later.”
Zoey: “Bye.”
We still don’t understand why they did the superlatives so early in the year. The only reason we can think of is because it was the holidays and they wanted a Christmas theme. For Christmas we went back to Oklahoma. Her aunt and uncle were joking with us about marriage. She said “When it snows in July,” and it will if I have anything to say about it and then you’ll know.’ We knew it would happen, but it we also knew it would probably take World War III before we did. Zeina already knew Zoey was building up against her.
Ranking- April 2004
It seemed like a very short time between the superlatives and the rankings. I wasn’t looking forward to it, given the fiasco with the superlatives. I know Zoey was bad when she didn’t get “Most likely to succeed,” but I knew if she didn’t get Valedictorian, it would be terrible. Zeina was also nervous. She wanted it, but she was also afraid of what would happen if Zoey didn’t get it. It was time for the announcement. It was a very close race between Zeina and Zoey.

Me: “Do you think you’ll be Valedictorian? You’ve worked very hard and you deserve it.”
Zeina: “I don’t know. I’ve had very tough classes. Honestly, I’m not ready to deal with this after Zoey fussed so much about only getting biggest flirt.”
Me: “You boasted too.”
Zeina: “I know, but not like Zoey. This may sound crazy, but I’m kind-of hoping Zoey gets Valedictorian, instead of me. That way, she won’t feel like she’s in my shadow. For some reason, she’s always felt that way. This just might send her over the edge.”
Me: “She’ll get over it. It’s not a big deal.”
Zeina: “Yeah, whatever. You know her better than that!”
Me: “How about it neither of you got it. There will be much less conflict, at least about that.”
Zeina: “WHAT?”
Me: “Just kidding, babe. May the better one win?”
Zeina: “You mean me, right?”
Me: “Who else?”
Zeina: “Thank you! You said the right thing!”
The results came a few hours later. Zeina was VALEDICTORIAN and Zoey was SALUTATORIAN! I knew Zoey was furious! However, I was so proud of Zeina! She really deserved it! It got very interesting when it came down to their speeches, or lack of.

Zeina (In Tears): “Thank you very much! I never expected this! I worked very hard and I’m very excited, but I never expected to be nominated, much less win! You all are great and I’m honored to be your Valedictorian! I also want to congratulate my sister for Salutatorian! That’s a huge honor and I’m very proud of her! Thank you for being my sister. I love you! I don’t want to take up any more of your time because I want to give the floor to Zoey. I hope this will bring us closer together! Take it away, Zoey!”
Zoey was very upset. The last thing she needed to do was speak.

Zoey (Yelling): “SHUT UP! SHUT UP! Don’t even act like you’re proud of me! You know I should’ve been VALEDICTORIAN! How dare you vote for my sister? I have nothing to say! I don’t even want to talk about it! Zeina, I don’t believe a word you said! You’re not proud of me, so don’t even act like it!”
Against my advice, Zeina tried to smooth things over with Zoey.

Zeina: “Wait up! Why are you running? I was sincere. I’m very proud of you! Doesn’t that mean anything? Settle down! This is one of the happiest days in my life and I want you to share in my joy. It’s still an awesome honor! Speak to me, please!”
Zoey (Crying and shanking): “Why did you do this to me?”
Zeina: “Why did I what?”
Zoey: “Why did you beat me again? You’re always beating me!”
Zeina: “You haven’t been beaten! Salutatorian is AWESOME! It’s not a big deal! You’re second out of a class of 350! Why is it so important to you to be number one all the time?”
Zoey (Still crying): “What do you expect me to do? I don’t have a home with Aunt Bertie, I don’t have a great boyfriend and I have nothing to do!”
Zeina: “Don’t start that again! I can take a little guilt, but you’re not going to lay anymore on me! It’s time to grow up! This is your last chance. Do you understand that?”
Zoey: “I understand all right! I promise I’ll never talk to you again about anything!”
Zeina: “If that’s the way you want it. I tried to reason with you, but that’s not going to happen! There’s no getting through to you!”
Zoey: “It’s about time. See you around!”
Zeina: “Fine with me!”
Zeina ran to me sobbing.
Zeina: “You were right. I should’ve listened to you.”
Me: “I told you. You can’t reason with her. Mr. Bates was right too. You knew it, I knew it and we knew it.”
Zeina: “But she’s my sister and I love her dearly. I’ll be fine. It just breaks my heart knowing there’s nothing I can do. I know it’ll take a long time, but I know we’ll get there one day.”
Me: “Hopefully sooner rather than later, huh?”
Zeina: “It won’t be soon, but she’ll come around. She just needs to understand the ways of Jesus.”
Me: “Just be positive.”
Zeina: “I am.”
As everyone was busy preparing to graduate, Zeina was busy preparing her Valedictorian speech, while Zoey started building up her group to fight with Zeina. Zeina was very well aware, but it wasn’t her top priority. She knew it would be a long hard battle, but she was ready to go. The only thing standing in the way of the inevitable was school, and that was nearly over.

Final Preparations
Excitement filled the air. The weather heated up and graduation was on the horizon. It was great to be done with school. Even Zoey had something to cheer about. It was the same feeling as when they graduated The Program. With all the excitement, there was also fear. Zoey was ready for a fight and Zeina knew it was coming. This was obvious when Zeina and I were in the park one evening.

Me: “It sure is a nice night.”
Zeina: “Uh huh.”
Me: “There’s a big plane headed directly toward us! DUCK! DUCK! It’s going to get us!”
Zeina: “Duck? Where? Sorry, I wasn’t paying attention.”
Me: “You think? What’s going on anyway? Don’t say ‘nothing’ again. I know something’s wrong and I want to know what’s bugging you.”
Zeina: “I’m sorry, honey. I’m worried about Zoey. There’s just a lot going on and I’ve been trying to figure out how to tell you.”
Me: “Open your mouth and start talking! HA! I’m so funny I even crack myself up!”
Zeina: (Smirking): “I’m glad someone thinks you’re funny.”
Me: “See, it’s still there! I knew I’d get a smile and a response out of you! Seriously, you can tell me anything. I’ll understand.”
Zeina: “Okay, sounds fair. Graduation is on my mind. It’s one of the most important things in a person’s life, but that’s not the problem. I know Zoey is up to something. I know I have to fight her, so I’m building up my following. I’ve done research and I know Zoey is getting ready to attack me and I have to be ready.”
Me: “You have a little over half the school on your side and Zoey has a little less than half, so y’all are almost even. It’s nothing I haven’t heard.”
Zeina: “It’s only half of what you’ve heard. This is why it’s so hard to tell you. That includes the school AND the town! There, I said it!”
Me: “WOW! No wonder!”
Zeina: “If you want to bail out of this relationship, I’ll understand. I’m telling you, major things are happening and I won’t blame you if you run. In fact, I insist, but it’s your decision.”
Me: “ZEINA MERCHINS! I’m not going to bail out! All relationships are rough! I’m not going anywhere!”
Zeina: “You say that now, but believe me; it’s going to get nasty quick! You might change your mind.”
Me: “Don’t worry about that! I’m not going anywhere. You’ve got me, no matter what!”
Zeina: “I hope you know what you’re getting into!”
Me: “I do, I do!”
Zeina: “Consider yourself warned.”
Me: “I’m staying. You’re not going to get rid of me that easy.”
Zeina: “Sounds good.”
Later that evening, Zoey met with Aunt Bertie and Zeina. It was the final attempt to get the girls to resolve their issues. They both agreed they had to discuss their futures. Zeina already knew about Zoey’s Pripyat plans, but Bertie wasn’t convinced it was true. Amazingly, the girls reached an agreement. They were supportive of each other leading their own lives.

Bertie: “Did you enjoy the meal?”
Zoey: “It was great. Your cooking skills haven’t changed.”
Bertie: “You know the reason for this visit, don’t you?”
Zeina and Zoey (Unison): “It’s to talk about graduation.”
Bertie: “That’s part of it. I need you to think twice about going separate ways. You two need to stay in town and help out. Remember what Bates said? I think if you work with Zeina and resolve your differences, you’ll both be great with the cause, whatever Bates says that is.”
Zeina: “It’s worth your time to think about it. I still believe you’ll fail without me. I know you want to go to Pripyat and you and your followers plan on going there. I also know about your plans to retrogress to Apr. 26, 1986, but how do you know it’ll work?”
Zoey: “I just know. Don’t ask me how, but I know it WILL work.”
Bertie: “There are other things to consider. I’m getting older and I’m in poor health. In fact, I don’t think I have much more time left.”
Zoey: “I understand, but I have to do this!”
Zeina: “I’m staying and I wish you would too. This division is only going to hurt us!”
Zoey: “Okay, I’ll call a truce, but I HAVE to do this!”
Bertie: “I understand if you must. I can’t stop you, but please don’t be angry at each other when you go. That’s the worst thing you can do. Take my word for it.”
Zoey: “I know.”
Zeina: “I hope you do because it’s going to be tough otherwise.”
Zoey: “I really do know.”
Zeina: “Okay.”
This was the agreement, except neither one had areas to defend. At least for now, they had a great solution. Zeina planned to stay in the western hemisphere and Zoey planned to stay in the eastern hemisphere. In reality, Zoey no longer wanted to work with Zeina and she knew Zoey would fail without her. We didn’t want to believe it, but it was happening.


Chapter 19

Graduation (May 29, 2004)
It was a day we never forgot. Zeina and Zoey weren’t only the first siblings to get Valedictorian and Salutatorian, but they were the first set of twins to receive both honors. However, there was too much friction between them to do much celebrating.  It was obvious who wanted to speak and who didn’t.

Zoey: “What are you going to tell them?”
Zeina: “I don’t know. I’m just going to speak and I know God will give me the right thing to say.”
Zoey: “I suppose, but I bet you still get choked up. That’s why I should’ve been Valedictorian.”
Zeina: “You probably would’ve if you’d applied yourself more, but you were too busy rallying against me.”
Zoey: “I didn’t think you’d be that aggressive.”
Zeina: “What difference does it make? I think you should speak and so does the school board. This is history in the making.”
Zoey: “We both know who should’ve been number one and that’s why number two isn’t speaking. Do the math. That equals me.”

Principal: “And now, without further suspense, let’s hear it from our VALEDICTORIAN, ZEINA MERCHINS!!”

Zoey: “Break a leg!”
Zeina (Whispering): “I may have to break yours first, but thanks!”
Zeina makes her way to the podium.

Zeina: “HELLO SENIOR CLASS OF 2004! HOW ARE YOU DOING THIS EVENING???”
Audience: “GREAT MS. VALEDICTORIAN!”
Zoey: “Big Deal!”
Zeina: “I heard that! That’s my sister! You’ve got to love her! She only got Salutatorian! That’s why she’s said that. I AM SO PROUD OF HER, but obviously I’m the only one! How does it feel to be free?”
Audience: “YEAH!!”
Zeina: “That’s what I want to talk about. When are we really free? As the Class of 2004 embarks on the journey of life, you must always keep Jesus close to your heart seek Him first because without Him, you’re nothing. Can I get an Amen?”
Audience: “AMEN!”
Zeina: “With God’s blessing, we have a purpose while we’re here on earth. May your choices be right with God’s word, may the path to your doors be opened and may our love for each other take us to the next goal in life. We must remember our roots because without that, what do we have left? In Matthew 16:26 it says ’what good is it for a man if he gains the whole world, yet forfeits his soul? Or what can a man give in exchange for his soul?’ We must ask ourselves everyday as we embark on our lives our journey we are because it’s not the journey, but the destination. To the Class of 2004, thank you SO much for being a part of my life. GOD BLESS YOU AND I LOVE YOU!”
Zeina received a STANDING OVATION! Moreover, sixty classmates came to Jesus that night! Everything Zeina accomplished finally came full circle. In fact, Matthew 16:26 became the basis for her cause.
Zoey wasn’t at all fazed. In fact, she cared nothing for her family, Christ, or even ailing Aunt Bertie. Against all hopes, she refused to speak after Zeina’s eloquent speech because she only got Salutatorian. She was only interested in Pripyat.

Zeina: “What did you think? Yes, I really want your opinion.”
Zoey: “It was a speech. Why do you care?”
Zeina: “You’re my sister. Your opinion is the most important to me. You may not believe it now, but it’s very true. You were SALUTATORIAN! You should’ve spoken!”
Zoey: “Yeah, it counts. It tells everyone you beat me! My own sister beat me! That’s very hard for me to understand! If anyone else had been Salutatorian, I wouldn’t be so upset, but ME?”
Zeina: “I give up! I try to comfort you, that don’t work! I try to congratulate you in front everyone, that doesn’t work! I don’t know what to do! You’re pushing me away!”
Zoey: “CONGRATULATIONS! You’re catching on! You’ve FINALLY seen the light! I’ve never seen a reason! Training, Salutatorian, high school, graduation, Jesus and God! NONE OF IT! Add family in there too! I’m NOT that type of person! I’m your rival and I think I always will be! I don’t know. I really want to change, but I can’t right now! I need you to pray for me, but right now, I just can’t!”
Zeina: “FINE! If that’s the way you want it, I have to accept it. Mark my words; you WILL need me one day! I won’t know if I can help you. I need you to understand that. I’m certain this is your last chance. You really need to think about this thing with Pripyat. IF you can take Pripyat before Apr. 26, 1986, and prevent Chernobyl, there’s no turning back. It’s up to you, but I want you to understand how dangerous it will be.”
Zoey: “Well it IS going to happen! Mark my words!”
Zeina: “I guess we have nothing more to say to each other!”
Zoey: “You’re right! We don’t!”
After that, Zeina and I went in one door to the lock-in and Zoey and her many boyfriends went in the other door. Zeina’s group was on one side, Zoey’s was on the other. Zeina and I knew this was the beginning of a tragic scenario, starting with a simple lock-in division to a full scale battle in a period of seven years.

The Lock In
The lock in is normally the best part of graduation. It’s where the graduating class can stay in and play games without going out to get in trouble, like Harold described his graduation in 1991. Unfortunately, it was a business meeting. Zeina and her group were on one side of the gym, and Zoey and her group were on the other. They were already discussing the future. I witnessed both sides and it wasn’t much fun.

Zeina: “Rachel, everyone, get over here. We’re having a meeting.”
Rachel: “Why do you want to discuss business tonight? It’s the lock in. Can’t it wait?”
Zeina: “This is extremely important. Come on, business before pleasure. I think Zoey, Alexis’ group want to fight us. We need to be ready. It’s going to involve the school and town. I don’t know when it’ll happen, but my instinct tells me very soon!”
Rachel: “Why do you think that?”
Zeina: “I think they want to catch us off guard. School just ended and they think we’re not ready. I have a feeling they’re right? Do you honestly think we’re ready?”
Rachel: “True. I see your point.”
Zeina: “I know. That’s why I’ve finally decided to make you my right hand. Zoey already has Alexis, so are you sure you’re up to the challenge? If you’re not, let me know now so I can look elsewhere. Don’t try to get me to use my powers again. This is no game! Alexis is your counterpart and you MUST watch your back at all times. Don’t make any unnecessary calls. This is a very important position and I’d rather a friend have it than someone off the streets. Can I count on you?”
Rachel: “You can count on me! THANK YOU! I won’t let you down.”
Zeina: “We’ll see. You’ve been my best friend for a long time.”
Rachel: “Just let me know what you need.”
Zeina: “I will. Thanks.”
Jenny: “Is there anything I can do?”
Zeina: “Absolutely. I’m appointing you as my third in command. You’ll be directly under Rachel. You have both of us to look after. If there’s anything we need, you MUST stop whatever you’re doing and assist. You won’t always know what to do, but you don’t have to. Trust in Jesus and my expertise and you won’t get lost. You two are very important. You depend on how successful we are! We can’t win them all, but you’ll both do great under my leadership.”
Rachel and Jenny (Unison): “Got it.”
Zeina: “Now for the rest of the group, do you understand?”
Group (All at once): “YEAH!”
Zeina: “I’m glad we agree. Now we need to discuss the future. We’re doing everything here. I thought about it, but I have to stay and take care of my Aunt Bertie. She’s frail and I don’t think she has long. Besides, we need to be accessible if anyone needs help. You can opt out anytime you want. It’s going to be a tough road, so I’ll completely understand. Y’all have very important tasks, no matter how menial they seem. I hate to have this meeting during lock-in, but I know Zoey’s up to something and I need everyone to be ready.”
Group: “Got it!”
Zeina: “Great! Now, let’s party!”
After the meeting, it was fun times. Zeina, Rachel and Jenny would be prepared. On the other hand, Zoey, Alexis and their group played all night. She was so sure she’d win, she didn’t get prepared. Ignoring Alexis’ advice, they played on.

Alexis: “Don’t you think we need to prepare against Zeina? We only have until the 4th. I saw Zeina rallying Rachel, Alexis and her group. We’re going to get beat if we’re not ready.”
Alexis: “Zeina’s very serious! She’s going to be tough to beat, even if we prepare, much less if we don’t.” Zoey: “I know my sister! She’s too passive! We throw our weight on them, they’ll fold!”
Alexis: “We’re going to get beat! I’m telling you.”
Zoey: “Believe what you want! We’ll start in a couple of days!”
Alexis: “Just consider yourself warned.”
Zoey: “Ok.”
Alexis: “Is that all you have to say?”
Zoey: “Its graduation night and we’ll be in Pripyat in a few weeks anyway. Zeina will be taken out and I’ll rule the world without any competition.”
Alexis: “It’s up to you. You’ve got to start listening to advice.”
Zoey: “I’m over half the town. Do you think I need your advice?”
Alexis: “Suit yourself.”
It became obvious who was ready and who wasn’t. No one knew the outcome, but they waited. Zoey wasn’t prepared and it made her look very irresponsible.

Final Gathering (May 30, 2004)
The next morning, Aunt Bertie met with the girls again to congratulate them and give them advice. This was her last attempt at keeping them together and to no avail. She had to try once more.

Bertie: “Hi Zoey, how are you? Do you know why you’re here?”
Zoey: “Because you want us stay together? Not going to happen! You know how I feel, you can talk, but I don’t have to listen, just like I didn’t listen to Bates.”
Bertie: “That’s NOT the only reason. My condition is worse and they told me I only have a year to live. That’s why you should work things out. Life’s too short for us to fight. Do you remember when your aunt and uncle checked me into the mental institution? I wasted a year of my life being upset with them. Do you understand? This is why I don’t want you to go to Pripyat.”
Zeina (Tearful): “Please listen to Aunt Bertie. She’s all we have. This is why I’m staying. What’s so important about Pripyat? It’s deserted and halfway across the world. I’m VERY upset about our beloved Aunt. You should be too. You don’t have to forget about Pripyat, if that’s what you want, but put it on hold for a while.”
Zoey: “Why should I? I’ve already booked us to go.”
Zeina: “That’s no big deal, just change it.”
Bertie: “Please think about your priorities. If you leave, I doubt you’ll never see me again. It’s not like you can get back quickly if something happens.”
Zoey: “Nothing’s going to stop me! We all die, don’t we?”
Bertie: “I see that you’ve made up your mind. That’s all I have to say.”
Zoey: “What’s there to discuss? I’m going and that’s final.”
Bertie: “That’s fine. I can’t stop you, but we WILL continue this conversation.”
Zoey: “Whatever.”
Bertie: “Yeah, you’re right. Whatever happens, we’re still going to talk.”
Zoey: “Okay.”
Later that night, Zoey and Bertie had a heart to heart talk. Zoey knew her and her group couldn’t stay in town after the battle. It was the last time Bertie tried to get her to stay. They never spoke or saw each other again.

Bertie: “You don’t understand. I’m going to die! Do you hear me? I’M GONNA DIE! You have to get that through your head. Zeina needs your help. You girls and Harold are all I have. We really need to be together. You’ve got to understand. Don’t you like this family?”
Zoey: “No, Aunt Bertie. I love everyone, but I MUST do this! I don’t know, maybe I’m different. Maybe I’m wrong for leaving, but I want to venture out. I don’t want to live in the U.S. or Cedar Hill. It has nothing to do with you.”
Zeina overheard Zoey and Bertie’s conversation and challenged what she said.

Zeina: “Don’t tell her that! I don’t believe a word of it! She might, but I DON’T. You’ve been telling me that forever and it IS about the family. I’m sorry Aunt Bertie, but she is LYING! She has no desire for family and no desire to stay here!”
Bertie: “She sounds convincing enough.”
Zeina: “That’s why she’s a good liar.”
Zoey: “Why don’t you stay out of this? You have no right to speak to me. Besides, you have a battle to prepare for, don’t you? You best tend to your business and stay out of mine!”
Zeina: “Am I talking to you? I don’t think so! I think you owe Aunt Bertie the truth!”
Bertie: “Zoey, is this true?”
Zoey: “Yes, ma’am.”
Bertie (Yelling): “Get out of my house! And you looked me in the eye when you said that! That’s what hurts the most! Just get out!”
Zoey: “Fine. I’ll never set foot in here again! Have a nice life!”
Bertie: “FINE!”
Zoey stomped out, slammed the door behind her, walked out in the middle of the yard and looked back at the house for the last time. With tears in her eyes, she left, never to return.

Zeina: I’m sorry, but you had to know the truth. Zoey lies to get what she wants. A part of me believes she did that so you’d feel more at ease about her decision to leave. I think in this case, she was trying to save your feelings because there’s a heart in there somewhere, but at the same time, I forced her to tell the truth.”
Bertie: “Well sweetie, I appreciate it. I know any change will be her decision and we can’t change her mind.”
Zeina: “No we can’t. She has to make her own decisions and roll with the punches.”
Bertie: “I agree. Let’s pray she changes her mind soon.”
Zeina: “That’s all we can do now, but I think it’ll be a very long time, if ever.”
Bertie: “Right.”
As of then, Bates’ prediction was final. The Program didn’t work out for Zoey and she should’ve gone home.  As a result, she has the training and she’s ready to wage war, also as Bates had predicted.


Chapter 20

Separate Ways (The First Battle) June 2004
It was Saturday, June 5, a day Zeina, Rachel and Jenny dreaded. Zeina and her group were at the school when they heard a loud bang and chant, provoking them to fight. It was Zoey and Alexis’ group. They were ready for a fight!

Rachel: “What should we do?”
Zeina: “If you don’t know, I’m not going to tell you! We have to see what they want.”
Jenny: “Can we ignore them?”
Zeina: “Ignoring a problem won’t make it go away. If possible, we need to negotiate with them. When does it ever work when we try to ignore a problem?”
Jenny: “Never.”
Zeina: “My point exactly. We have to face it.  Be calm and patient, but ready to fight if they won’t listen to reason, and if I know Zoey, she won’t.”
Rachel: “How will I know?”
Zeina: “You won’t. That’s why I’m your leader. I’ve been trained and you haven’t. Now, stand guard!”
Rachel, Jenny and the group stood directly behind Zeina, so she could use her power of choice, if needed.

Zeina: “What do you all want?”
Zoey: “You know what we want!”
Alexis: “Come out and fight!”
Zeina: “We’re not looking for trouble. You need to go on about your business. I don’t want to fight you. I’m sorry if you spent all this time preparing, but there won’t be a fight if I have anything to say about it!”
Zoey: “Well, trouble found you, and you have one, so you best get to it!”
Zoey’s eyes turned orange and a wide orange flame shot out of them, nearly burning down a building! Zeina’s eyes turned deep blue and shot ice out of them, freezing Zoey’s fire!

Zeina: “Why do you think that? I just prevented your fire from burning that building and you still say you can beat me?”
Zoey: “Okay, but that’s not why we’re here! Meet us at “The Bars” at noon! The winning group stays and the loser goes to Pripyat. That’s the deal, take it or leave it!”
Zeina: “You’ve got a DEAL for two reasons. First, we know we’ll prevail! Second, we know you’re already planning to go to Pripyat!”
Zoey: “See you at noon! Better bring your lunch!”
Zeina: “Same goes for you!”
“The Bars” were at a dead end street behind the schools. They kept traffic from disturbing the businesses and apartments. This was why it was a good place to fight. Each group had an hour to prepare. Zoey had 550 people and Zeina had 650, totaling 1200. This was the count by the time each group chose sides.

Zeina: “I know y’all are scared, but we’re going to fight fair. If you see fire or ice, raise your hands and I’ll do what I can to stop it. I don’t know what power she’ll use, but I’ll handle it.  I don’t trust her. She really wants to hurt every one of you! Take a step back if she uses her powers. I hope I don’t have counterattack, but I will.”
Zoey: “Listen up! Annihilate them and take no prisoners! My sister is too passive. She won’t be prepared to fight back. It’ll only take twenty minutes. Then, we can eat that lunch we were talking about!”
Moments later, the fight began. They battled for three hours. Zeina’s group prevailed! She only lost 50 people. Most were just too tired to continue. She was prepared and Zoey wasn’t. She lost 450 people. As with Zeina’s people, they were too tired to continue. Zoey’s group was very banged up because they weren’t prepared.  By 4, it was all but lost.  Zoey’s entire group, except for a few, had already left. Then, things got out of hand. As expected, Zoey unleashed her powers and Zeina had to counterattack.

Zoey: “This doesn’t look good.”
Alexis: “I know. Maybe we should quit for now. Let’s face it, we weren’t prepared. Zeina is a much better leader!”
Zoey: “Quit? Not on your life! I haven’t used my powers yet. I don’t need all those cowards!”
Alexis: “Didn’t we decide against that?”
Zoey: “I didn’t decide anything. When will you quit questioning my authority? All’s fair in love and war! Watch this.”
Zoey’s eyes turned orange.

Zeina (Hollering): “Everyone get down! Zoey’s getting ready to shoot fire!”
Rachel: “How do you know?”
Zeina (Yelling): “I see her eyes and I feel her wrath! NOW DUCK!”
Two seconds later, a couple of Zeina’s people were on fire. Zeina turned into a small river to quench it. Then she changed back. Her eyes turned deep blue and froze what was left of Zoey’s group!

Zoey: “Don’t freeze my group!”
Zeina: “Why not? You tried to burn my people alive! I had to protect myself and my friends. Let’s call a truce. It’s obvious you’re not prepared.”
Zoey: “I’m willing to keep it going! What have I got to lose?”
Zeina: “Have it your way!”
The battle raged until 7pm and Zoey and her group ran off.

Zeina: “Well, I still have 400 people willing to fight and you have none, other than yourself. Do you still want to keep going?”
Zoey: “Okay, you win! I’ll call it off. I’ll be back. You can count on that!”
Zeina: “We’ll be here. I have one piece of advice. Prepare yourself next time.”
Zoey: “I will.”
After that, Zeina tried to speak to Zoey, but to no avail.

Zeina (Pleading): “This is ridiculous! Why do we have to fight? I’ll never understand how we got so far apart. I’d like to think Bates taught you better.  Let’s not fight anymore. Think about the success we’d have if we were on the same side. You obviously need to improve your leadership abilities. Time is running out and it’s only going to get tougher. How can you lead in Pripyat if you can’t lead a simple brawl like the one today?”
Zoey (Yelling and shaking): “STOP PLEADING WITH ME! I’m NOT following you! That was the purpose of this fight! My mind is made up! I’m going to Pripyat! Furthermore, I WILL AVENGE THIS DAY!”
Zeina’s eyes glowed red as she was ready to set Zoey on fire. She said it was out of frustration. I believe she could’ve destroyed her then, but she didn’t have the heart.

Zeina: “BRING IT! But you better be ready! I’m done reasoning with you! Not so much because it’s the way I want it, but it’s how it has to be! Sometimes it’s better for things to fail, and I think this is one of those times. You’re only going to Pripyat because you have insecurities and that’ll be your downfall. That’s how I know I’ll beat you again!”
Zoey turned up her nose and walked away from “The Bars.”

Zeina: “That’s right, just keep walking! When the tough get going, Zoey gets gone!”
Zoey: “SHUT UP! I’m going home RIGHT NOW to pack for Pripyat! BE PREPARED!”
Zeina: “Bye!”
This was Zeina and Zoey’s last face to face conversation prior to moving to Pripyat. Nobody knew what to expect, but it wasn’t good. Zeina prepared for the worst and hoped for the best. By June 12, Zoey and company were on a plane to Pripyat.
Later that evening, Texas (Central) time, Zoey arrived in Pripyat. Plans were already made for retrogression. Zoey also knew and dreaded that it might not work. She’d already burned her bridges in Cedar Hill and knew she wasn’t welcome back. She had to repair Pripyat or else.
Alexis: “What if this doesn’t work?” 
Zoey: “It has to work. I’d have to face Zeina and Aunt Bertie.”
Alexis: “Why would that be such a bad thing?”
Zoey: “You’ve GOT to SHUT UP and have faith in me! Do you think we’d be on this plane if I didn’t think it was going to work? I’m NOT giving up if it doesn’t work the first time. I’m going to keep trying until it does!”
Alexis: “Okay, you’re the boss.”
Zoey: “Thank you! We’re going to rule the world!”
When they arrived, Pripyat was worse than they figured. The town was looted and nature had taken over. This was expected after 18 years, but Zoey didn’t think it was this bad. She immediately got her group out of the Alienation Zone. Radiation was still very high and they weren’t immune like her. She sent them to Kiev until it was safe to return. She didn’t know how long the retrogression would take.

Zoey (Weeping): “This is terrible! We came all this way for nothing!  Why didn’t you all do a better job controlling the looters?”
Guard: “Miss, this is a big area and we can’t control what comes and goes. It wouldn’t be so bad if it was just Pripyat, but it’s the whole Zone of Alienation we have to take care of.”
Zoey: “You must understand. My sister and I were conceived here. Our parents were stationed here and died as a result of the disaster.”
Guard: “I’m sorry to hear that, but it’s still beyond our control.”
Zoey: “I’ve come to live here and restore the city.”
Guard: “I’m afraid you’re out of luck. You’ll get sick from the radiation.”
Zoey: “No, I won’t. This may be hard to believe, but because the disaster happened after we were conceived, we have exceptional powers and I’m immune. I know it sounds crazy, but I’m telling you the truth!”
Guard (Laughing): “WHAT? Now I know you’re nuts! You’re beautiful and you sound very convincing, but you do NOT have super powers! Do you know how many crazy stories I get from tourists?”
Zoey: “I knew I was going to have trouble with you. I’ll prove it. See that vacant barn over there? If I burn it, will you let me stay?”
Guard: “Yeah, but I don’t believe you can.”
Zoey: “I’m going to stare at it, heat it up and set it on fire. Will you let me stay here as long as I want if I’m successful?  If not, I’ll go back to Texas and I’ll never bother you again.”
Guard (Shaking hands): “If that’s what it takes for me to leave you alone. Okay, you have a bet!”
Zoey: “You’ve got it! Here I go. I’m fixing my eyes on the barn. It may take a minute.”
Zoey’s looked at the barn, her deep blue eyes turned orange; a line of fire zapped the barn, burning it down within minutes!

Zoey: “Now do you believe me?”
Guard (Astonished): “YEAH. I guess I lost the bet. You can stay!”
Zoey: “Thank you very much. When I get through with this place, it’ll be like it was prior to April 26, 1986, 1:23am. You were there right?”
Guard: “Honey, you don’t have to convince me of anything, and yes I was there.”
Zoey’s next order of business was to get the group to stay in Kiev until Pripyat was safe again.

Zoey: “Alexis and group, I need you to stay in Kiev. It’s not safe in Pripyat yet. I’ll let you know as soon as I have it ready. Hopefully, it’ll only take a week. That’ll give you time to tour Kiev.”
Alexis: “That will be great. Keep us posted.”
Zoey: “Radiation is too high for anyone to live here and I’m the only one immune. It doesn’t look like much now, but it’ll be impressive when you return.”
Alexis (Still in disbelief): “Well see.”
Zoey: “You’ll see I’m right. See you in a week.”
Zoey immediately attempted retrogression. For two days, she tried unsuccessfully to revive Pripyat. She realized she wasn’t as immune to the radiation as she thought and it wore her down. She started thinking it was hopeless. She had a couple more days to try. It looked like she’d have to go back to Kiev and face everyone in Cedar Hill about her failure.

Alexis: “Hello.”
Zoey: “This is Zoey. How are you?”
Alexis: “Fine, how are you? Is it a success? Can we come to Pripyat in the morning?”
Zoey: “I’m afraid not. I don’t know what’s wrong, but I can’t take Pripyat back. Maybe I haven’t done it often enough and I’m rusty. I hope that’s all it is.”
Alexis: “You can do it. You just need practice. I bet you’ll have it restored soon.”
Zoey: “I hope you’re right. Otherwise, I’ll have to come back to Kiev and we’ll have to go back to Cedar Hill and face Zeina and the family. I can’t risk the radiation much longer.”
Alexis: “I’ll keep the group on alert. Hang in there. I know you can do it.”
Zoey: “I’ll try. Maybe I’m still tired from the long trip. All I know is I’m still in an empty city with abandoned buildings and the radioactivity is breaking me down. It’s a good thing I sent y’all to Kiev.”
Alexis: “We’ll be here. Give me a call tomorrow.”
Zoey: “Yeah, tomorrow’s another day.”
Alexis: “Talk to you later.”
Zoey: “Ok, bye.”
Back in Cedar Hill, Zeina postponed the trip to Pripyat. She thought it was more important to stay with the group. She constantly kept them updated because she knew the retrogression would happen any day.

Zeina: “Rachel, everyone, I need your attention, please! This is very important! Thank you!”
Rachel: “What’s going on?”
Jenny: “I was in the middle of reviewing everyone.”
Zeina: “Take a break. There’s a change of plans. I’ve postponed the trip until further notice.”
Group: “AHHHH! Why? If we don’t try to stop it, we’ll never win!”
Zeina: “It’s a lost cause. She’s going to get Pripyat going again. Y’all aren’t prepared to take her on yet.”
Rachel: “I say we go over there and try! We took care of them at The Bars. What’s so different about this?”
Group: “YEAH, let’s go!”
Zeina: “LISTEN! This is NOT like The Bars! She’ll have Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant to enhance her powers. We WON’T WIN! They’re eventually going to attack us and we have to protect our homeland! We’re NOT immune to Pripyat! CHNPP will protect Zoey’s group, but not us! The further they are away from the plant, the better the chance we have of defeating them! Do you understand?”
Rachel: “Yes ma’am. I’ll continue to keep them on alert until you say otherwise.”
Zeina: “I’m not going to lie. We have a fight on our hands, but through Christ, we’ll prevail! AMEN?”
Group: AMEN!”
As the group prepared for war, they awaited news of a retrogression. They prayed it wouldn’t happen, but on July 1, 2004, Zoey restored Pripyat to full working order. Bates and Zeina’s predictions finally came true and there would soon be a war, one that would take several years to end


Chapter 21

Pripyat Restored (July 1, 2004)
Pripyat was a ghost town for 18 years, two months, and three days when Zoey restored it.  She had complete control of the town! The retrogression worked! She knew because the streets were full of people! After years of training, it was a perfect fix. Tests showed the town was free of radiation. Zoey and her group were ready to settle in. Even CHNPP was active, but not current. It had to pass 2004 safety standards before anyone else could come. This was Zoey’s first challenge. She also had to get the town up to date. The people still had 1986 fashion styles. To Zoey, this was a big deal. On July 3, Zoey notified Alexis and the group. Scientist Rogers updated the structure. Pripyat was almost ready!

Zoey: “We did it! Pripyat is fully functional!”
Alexis: “YAY! I knew you could do it! When do we move in?”
Zoey: “That’s the problem; maybe in a couple of weeks. I have to get approval from the scientist and the officials. They don’t want any more people settling until they get the plant updated to 2004 safety standards. It only complies with 1986 standards.”
Alexis: “That’s a bummer! We were so looking forward to getting out of this hotel!”
Zoey: “It’s only for a couple more weeks!”
Alexis: “Okay, I understand. Let me know when you have it ready.”
Zoey: “Will do. Bye.”
Alexis: “Talk to you later.”
Two weeks later Scientist, Ed Rogers, had CHNPP operational! Everyone held a meeting by the big Ferris wheel to discuss the details. Zoey’s group arrived the day the plant was brought up to standard. He explained how he fixed the problem.

Ed: “How are you all today?”
Alexis/Group: “Fine.”
Ed: “Let me explain how I updated the power plant. Ms. Zoey tells me she has a remarkable gift of preventing accidents. She did this by routing the Chernobyl accident to an “Alternate 2004.” This wouldn’t have been possible without her. The plant still had the rods and nuclear reactors from 1986 incident and we reinforced them to comply with 2004 safety standards. This normally takes years, but with Zoey’s expertise, it only took two weeks! The town will be up to date very soon!”
Zoey: “But when will the citizens be up to date? They’re still stuck in 1986. It’s almost like they’re stupid!”
Ed: “They’re not stupid. They need to be brought up to date. In 1986, there was no internet, no e-mail and limited technology. Can I offer a suggestion?”
Zoey: “Sure.”
Ed: “Now that the plant is up to date, I can help you train the people in town on the computers.”
Zoey: “That sounds great. Everyone, let’s explore Pripyat! We’re going to be here for a long time, so might as well get familiar with the buildings, and homes.”
Alexis: “Sounds great! I’m excited about it!”
Zoey: “Be kind to the people. We’re their leaders and I don’t think some of them are going to like that, but they’ll adapt.”
Alexis: “Anything you say. I’ll do whatever it takes.”
Zoey: “Great.”
It only took Zoey and Alexis two weeks to get settled in. They were surprised how fast the people got up to date! They had no idea what they were in for. Zoey was on a mission and the people soon became skeptical.

The people of Pripyat
Through July, the people followed Zoey and Alexis’ plan. They went on with their lives like Chernobyl never happened. It was like they went to bed on Friday, Apr. 25, 1986 and slept through the disaster and woke up in July 2004! They had no idea of any danger. Zoey and Alexis finally convinced them it was 2004 and not 1986.  On July 15, Zoey called a town meeting about her plans for Pripyat. They made several promises.

Zoey: “Hi! I’m Zoey Merchins. Many of you don’t know me, but I just saved your city from Chernobyl. I’m sure you’ve heard about it, but don’t worry. Pripyat IS back to its former glory and now you all are in a new generation; my generation!”
Johann Petrovia (Town Mayor): “What do you mean?”
Zoey: “It’s not April 25, 1986, it’s July 15, 2004. Who are you and why are you questioning my mission?”
Petrovia: “I’m the mayor of Pripyat.”
Zoey: “You were the mayor. I’m relieving you of your duty.”
Petrovia: “What? Who are you?”
Zoey: “I already told you, I’m Zoey Merchins! This is no longer 1986; it’s 2004, plain and simple.”
Petrovia: “I don’t believe you!”
Zoey: “Turn on the TV and check the news. I’m not lying. It’s a new millennium, century, decade, year and month.” 
Petrovia: “I planned to be retired by then!”
Zoey: “YOU ARE! That’s what I’m telling you. I know it’s hard to believe, but trust me!”
Petrovia: “I still need more proof. I need physical proof. If you can show me, I’ll be glad to step down and let you have anything you want.”
Zoey: “You want me to prove it? Okay, I will.”
Zoey stepped down from the podium, grabbed the mayor’s hand, closed her eyes and said “Take us back to old, deserted Pripyat.”

Petrovia: “Where are we and where are the citizens?”
Zoey: “It’s July 10, 2004. This was Pripyat five days ago. This is what Chernobyl left behind; radiation and desertion. No one lived here for 18 years. Now do you understand?”
Petrovia: “This is horrible. It was a great town! I never thought it could happen.”
Zoey: “Neither could anyone else, but it did. The “New Pripyat” is much better and safer than the old. The power plant is up to 2004 safety standards. This will never happen again.”
Petrovia: “That’s proof enough. I’ll step down! Good luck. You’re in control now.”
Zoey: “Thank you. I accept your gracious offer.”
Petrovia: “Don’t mention it.”
Zoey then took Petrovia back to 2004. “Take us back to “New Pripyat” and suddenly they were among the people.

Alexis (Whispering): “Where did you all go?”
Zoey: “Back to Old Pripyat.”
Alexis: “Why?”
Zoey: “I wanted to prove something to Petrovia.”
Alexis: “Did you?”
Zoey: “Yes. He’s stepping down.”
Alexis: “Cool.”
Zoey: “I want to introduce the Sanderson brothers, James, Jake, and Fred. If you have any questions or concerns, they’ll answer them. Also, I would like to introduce Shawna Bowers. They’re old friends of mine and my twin sister from Cedar Hill. She keeps law and order. She’ll report to Alexis and I if there’s any trouble, which I know there won’t be, right?
Crowd: “Right. Welcome to our town!”
Zoey: “Thank you!”
They didn’t know it yet, but the townspeople gradually lost their rights. They were no longer allowed to speak freely or question anything Zoey did. This was nothing new because they were still used to communism. They thought Zoey was the best leader they’d ever had, but they were in for a rude awakening. 

Zoey’s Agenda
The citizens of Pripyat had very little knowledge about the western world. They’d been frozen in time for over 18 years. Zoey knew this and it worked to her advantage. She wanted absolute power and that’s what she got. She had everyone brainwashed. They’d been used to taking orders and they wanted an absolute leader like Zoey. She explained that she and the citizens were the ruling power of the earth and nothing could stop them. She never had this power at home and she was a holy terror!

Zoey: “These people are so stupid! They can’t think for themselves! This is easier than I thought! I FINALLY have the power to manipulate!”
Alexis: “I think you’re using the wrong term. Communists were still in power in 1986. They don’t understand democracy and the freedom that comes with it.”
Zoey: “How do you describe freedom?”
Alexis: “We had it at home.”
Zoey: “Are you sure? Why don’t you let me do the thinking? You sound like Zeina. You should join her group if you have to ask these questions. I have them believing the way I do. You’re either with me or you’re not.”
Alexis: “I’m with you. I won’t lie, I agree somewhat with Zeina, but she’s far too passive. I’ll get past it eventually.”
Zoey: “I’m glad you somewhat agree with me, but you’ve got to get this democracy business out of your head.”
Alexis: “What’s next?”
Zoey: “I’m putting my foot down! I’ve been too nice to these people. I’ll tell them about great leadership, better jobs and better wages. Reactors 5 and 6 are almost ready. That should give them an incentive. It’ll be like Chernobyl never happened!”
Alexis: “You’re right.”
Zoey: “See, you’re agreeing with me already!”
The next day, Zoey had her meeting at the Ferris wheel where Mayor Petrovia was present.

Zoey: “Dear Pripyat, great things are coming! Until further notice, this is our meeting spot because everyone knows where it is. Eventually, we’ll have a palace to meet, but for now, this is it. I don’t know the name or location, but I know it’ll be grand! Most of you will help build it because it’ll be by the people and for the people!”

(Crowd cheers)

Zoey: “Thank you! Thank you! That’ll be enough.  With all great things comes hardship! First of all, you must do what I say without question. Anyone who questions my authority will go to work camps, which I’m sure you already know about. Secondly, I make all decisions. This is my half of the world and I’m running it, no questions asked, ok? OKAY! Finally, Mr. Petrovia will be your spokesperson. He used to be your mayor, so he has the right to ask questions on your behalf. Do you have any?”
Petrovia: “Yes, I do. First of all, how are you going to back yourself? Secondly, what if someone wants to leave their job and go somewhere else? Finally, this is 2004. The people need democracy.”
Zoey: “If I did that I wouldn’t have control, now would I? Let me show you how I’ll back myself.”
Zoey’s eyes turned orange, and fire shot out of them between the rows of people. They were in awe of her power!

Zoey: “Anymore questions?”
Petrovia: “No ma’am!”
Zoey: “Thank you! The meeting is adjourned! Have a nice day everyone.”
Petrovia knew the world was in trouble, but he was a man of faith. Zoey was a monster, but he knew triumph would come in the form of great young woman from the other side of the world, Lord willing.


Chapter 22

Dallas (July 2004)

Zeina’s Domain
With Zoey situated in Pripyat, Zeina was situated in Cedar Hill. She organized her group and prepared them for the inevitable. Like with Zoey, Zeina announced her plans. Aside from slightly more people and better concentration of subordinates, her plans were the same as Zoey’s. She knew it was necessary to win. Their meeting place was at The Bars.

Zeina: “Hello everyone, how are you today?
Crowd: “Great! How are you?”
Zeina: “A little worried, but other than that I’m doing well.”
Crowd: “What’s wrong?”
Zeina: “I received the news about Pripyat. It’s fully operational! What I’ve dreaded my entire life is now a grim reality, but I already knew. I’ve come to assemble my senior staff. It’s time to get organized. We can’t allow Zoey to conquer the world.”
Crowd: “Well, let’s see them.”
Zeina: “Sure thing. They’re as follows. This is Rachel Cox. Most of you know her. Is that right?”
Rachel: “Yes, Zeina. First of all, if ANYONE needs help, please tell me immediately! The sooner Zeina and I can accommodate you, the better. Secondly Zeina, thank you very much for the appointment, you don’t know how much it means to me to be directly under you. You’re my best friend and I’m here for you!”
Zeina: “I know. That’s why I put you here. You have a HUGE responsibility, but feel free to come to me if you have any problems. The sooner we get them solved, the sooner we can move on.”
Rachel: “I know.”
Zeina: “This is Jenny Bates. She’s under Rachel. She’ll help when Rachel isn’t around. She’s the daughter of Counselor Bates, who trained me and Zoey. He’s a great and knowledgeable man. It’s my way of saying thanks. Jenny, it’s your task to advise the Coffman twins. Jamie is over Eric and George Sanderson. Eric is over the northern part of the empire and George is over the eastern part. Janie is over John and Jerry Sanderson. John is over the western part and Jerry is over the southern part. For now, this should cover all the areas we need.”
Jenny: “These are huge areas.”
Jamie: “How will this work?”
Janie: “Yeah!”
Eric: “My brothers are on Zoey’s side. It’s going to be hard to fight them.”
George: “I’m afraid it won’t work! Besides, I think Zoey is already prepared to take us out!”
Zeina: “Give me a little credit, please! I have it figured out. I KNOW what Zoey is doing! Alexis Matterhorn as her 2nd in command. Shawna Bowers is number three. James Sanderson has the north and east, Jake has the south and Fred has the West.”
Jenny: “WOW! She’s spreading them too thin!”
Zeina: “Exactly! It’s called ‘Divide and Conquer!’ Besides, any of you are free to go at any time. I have faith in you and in God, so I’m confident you’ll stay by my side. I’ll be hurt, but I’ll also know it’s in God’s will.”
Jenny: “I want to thank Zeina for choosing me for her senior staff. I’ll do everything I can to help. Also, I think Rachel will be wonderful to work for. We’re a team!”
Jamie Coffman: “Me too! I’m honored to have John and Jerry on my team!”
Janie Coffman: “The same goes for Eric and George!”
John: “Thanks Zeina, for having me and I’ll do the best I can!”
Jerry: “Me too, and Jamie, let me know if you need help too!”
Janie: “I’ll help you the best I can. If I have any questions, I’ll consult Jenny, and if she’s not around, I’ll ask Rachel.”
Rachel: “You got it!”
Janie: “Thanks Zeina! It’ll be great! I’m glad Eric and George are in my command! We’re great friends and I’m glad we’re working together!”
Eric: “Thanks. I’ll do my best and go where I’m needed. I wish the clan could’ve stayed together.”
George: “Why did it have to be this way?”
Zeina: “I wish I knew, George. If I did, I wouldn’t be battling my own sister. I’m in the same boat as you, Eric, John, and Jerry. I thank God y’all are on my team and we’ll prevail. I don’t know how, but we will. Are there any objections? Going once, twice, ADJOURNED!”
With everything in place on both sides, it was time to prepare for the battles. It was a matter of Good & Evil. Zeina had to destroy Zoey’s evil plans through God’s will. Like the Sanderson’s, she hated to hurt her sister, but she had no choice. She had to bring Zoey down and destroy Pripyat. Even worse, Zeina had her toughest battle and that was taking care of Aunt Bertie, not to mention our relationship.
Zeina’s Responsibilities
By summer 2004, Aunt Bertie’s was in rapid decline. Without Zoey, it was much more difficult, especially knowing she had to fight against her. Zoey was still settling in, but she was already building her compound, something Zeina hadn’t even started. Aunt Bertie was her main concern. Her emphysema was worse. According to doctors, she’d be lucky to make it a year, so Zeina wanted to spend as much time with her as possible.

Bertie: “I appreciate you taking care of me, but you have your own life. I’m 66 years old and I haven’t taken the best care of myself. I’ve smoked my whole life and that’s on me. Time is precious and I’m not letting you waste it. You need all the time you can get. Zoey is much quicker at getting things done than you! That has to stop! You’re capable of beating her, but you’re too passive.”
Zeina (Weeping): “You’re the most important thing in my life right now! You must understand that!”
Bertie: “I had a chance when I was your age, but I wasn’t motivated. The most important thing for you is to get out there and make things happen! I’ll be here in the evenings. Besides, I sleep most of the day anyway! You’ve GOT to PAY ATTENTION to Zoey! You have to be ready when she’s attacks, and when she does, I want you to be prepared. It’s going to take a long time, but you’ll prevail. I know because you have the patience and the will to see it through, something Zoey won’t have until maybe after she’d defeated! Always remember that!”
Zeina: “You’re right. I still love Zoey and I hope she’ll change, but I know it won’t be soon.”
Bertie: “I love Zoey too, but she won’t change. It’ll take a miracle.”
Zeina: “You’re right and I’m going to take your advice. I know I’ll prevail!”
Bertie: “That’s my girl!”
With Aunt Bertie taken care of, Zeina focused on Zoey’s agenda. She had an idea about the layout of Zoey’s compound, but wanted to be sure. She wanted an exact copy so if some of Zoey’s followers joined her cause, they’d have the same facilities, making it an equal opportunity for them. She sent Rachel on a spy mission to Pripyat to scope out the details, posing as a potential turncoat.

Rachel: “When do you think Zoey will have everything built?”
Zeina: “Pretty soon. This is summertime. The winters in Pripyat are brutal. I’m pretty sure they’ll work August thru November, take a break December thru March, and be back to work by April. If my calculation is correct, they should finish next July or August of 2005. Then she’ll be ready to attack! This works to our advantage because we’ll be starting soon. We have mild winters, so we should finish a few weeks before Zoey!”
Rachel: “That sounds good, but how do you even know Zoey’s blueprints?”
Zeina: I don’t. That’s where you come in. We’re sending you to Pripyat to spy on Zoey.”
Rachel: “What? You realize I’m on your side, right?”
Zeina: “Yes, I do, but you’re the only one she trusts. We grew up together. Besides I already have an idea. All you have to do is confirm.”
Rachel: “Okay, I’ll do it, but how am I going to recruit if I’m over there?”
Zeina: “We’ll start building in mid-August. We already have it contracted. Besides, you’re only going to be there long enough to act like you’re joining her group. Then, you’ll ask for the blueprint because you want to study it, and copy it. You should be back in the states in three days.”
Rachel: “What about recruiting?”
Zeina: “That’s next. I have The Coffman twins and the Sanderson brothers on it. By winter, we should have the country’s support, just as I think Zoey’s group will have most of Europe’s. By spring or summer of 2005, we should have the support of our hemisphere, as I expect Zoey to have. It’ll be a very evenly matched battle.”
Rachel: “Hopefully we’ll have everyone on board by then.”
Zeina: “The sooner the better. That’s a lot of people. This is the Sanderson’s mission. They’ll appoint governors for each country. It’ll be his or her job to see that it gets done. It’ll be a challenge because it’s hard to convince everyone to be a Christian. We can’t force people to change when they’ve believed something different all their lives.”
Rachel: “We have to do the best we can.”
Zeina: “That’s right. Let’s pray about it.”
Rachel: “Sure thing.”

Zeina’s Predictions
With the building agenda completed, Zeina announced her predictions. The news wasn’t what they wanted, but expected. In the beginning, Zoey would win. On Aug. 1, she called a meeting to discuss this with her followers.

Zeina: “Dear people, I called this meeting to discuss my predictions and my plans based on them.”
Rachel: “Is there any chance we’ll get a jump on Zoey?”
Zeina: “We’ll get to that, but I have to let everyone know what’s going on first.”
Rachel: “Of course. Sorry to interrupt.”
Zeina: “That’s okay. It never hurts to ask. Remember, this is still a democracy. If there are any questions, please feel free to ask. That’s how problems get solved. If you don’t ask, I can’t help. First of all, it’ll be a very long process. Secondly, I believe Zoey will win in the beginning. She’s much more aggressive than me, so we have to expect it. I’m still too passive, I’ll admit that, but I’m also much more patient than Zoey, and that’ll work to our advantage. I know I can beat her, but I’m not sure how. Third, I have no idea how long it will take. My latest guess is seven to ten years! Yes, I know it’s a long time, but I know we’ll prevail.”
Jenny: “That’s much longer than any of us expected. Why so long? We figure it’ll only take two or three years. You don’t even sound like you’re sure you’re going to live to see it through.”
Zeina: “Oh, dear people, I wish I could say, but I’m NOT sure if I’ll be alive then, but I know we’ll prevail. I swear an oath of allegiance WE WILL PREVAIL and I’m willing to take as long as necessary to rid the world of evil, or at least die trying.”
Rachel: “That’s comforting to hear, but how can we beat them if you’re the ones with all the powers? Everyone knows you’ll have to use them to prevail.”
Zeina: “I don’t know, but I have faith in God because He’s the most powerful being known to man. I know because He granted me my power. Faith is all we have to go on, but let me assure you, it will be enough, so let’s pray now. Jenny; now is now. What your father said is happening and we have to be ready.”
Crowd (Screaming): “LET’S DO THIS!”
Zeina (Screaming back): “LET’S GO, YEAH!!”
Crowd (Fists in the Air, Screaming): “DEATH TO EVIL, LONG LIVE ZEINA!”
Zeina: “I take that as A DECLARATION OF WAR! Let’s rock!”
Later that evening, Zeina called Zoey in Pripyat and offered her an ultimatum, either to give up her fight or face her. As expected, Zoey didn’t back down and declared war on her. The world was now at the mercy of the twins and the return to Pripyat was imminent. Zeina and Zoey disowned each other and everything Bates said was true. As for the outcome, only time would tell.


THE END:

TOUCH OF EVIL

PART I

The Twins

Road to Pripyat


To Be Continued……
