AND ALL THINGS BETWEEN

By J. Battle



Smashwords edition


Copyright © 2013 by J.Battle
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 9781301503629



Also available:

For young people:

Land of Light and Shadow: Book 1: Silence Over the Land
Land of Light and Shadow: Book 2: Return to Danger
Under a Crystal Sky (Kindle only)


For slightly older people:

An Intervention of Angels
In Favour of Fools

Coming Soon:
Worse Than Senseless Things  

Full details at:  www.jpbattle.wix.com/battlewrite



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




The folly of youth
The bitterness of age
And all things between
But fuel my rage

(early 21st century – anonymous)


Prologue

The Hardlampons laid siege to Earth, their great armada filling Earth’s skies with fear, as hundreds of thousands of alien crafts poured their venom down on Earth; energy and ballistic weapons all arrayed against the lonely planet’s weary defences.
But those defences were holding out; for now. They somehow managed to absorb the tremendous energy raining down on them and deflect the missiles and cluster bombs that threatened to destroy them.
The atmosphere was heating up at an alarming rate, however. After less than 3 months, average temperatures were up by 15 degrees and rising all the time. The ice caps had gone and sea levels were at record highs; hundreds of thousands had drowned already, tens of millions were displaced. Whatever the result of the siege, Earth was already devastated.
And the result was surely not in doubt. The Hardlampons seemed to have a vast, almost inexhaustible arsenal, which they could replenish at will.
But Earth was a closed system. What they had already was all they were going to have. There was no help to come from Mars, The Moon, or the habitats that filled near Earth space; they had already succumbed to the destructive power of the Hardlampons.
Earth’s capacity to defend itself was being depleted by the hour. In a matter of days, its defences would be breached, and the end days would begin.
The small ship that entered real space 300 million kilometres from Earth was not detected by any of the combatants. As it raced towards Earth, all of its sensors on maximum power, the onslaught continued. But, even before it had closed to 30 million kilometres, each of the alien ships was mapped and targeted.
With less than 10 million kilometres to travel, the craft suddenly leapt forward, accelerating at more than 40 Gs as it slipped into stealth mode.

The instant it reached the 10 thousand kilometres point, more than 600,000 anti- matter pellets were released, each one with its own target. The pellets flashed towards the engines of the alien ships, and not one missed its target, with catastrophic results. 
All of the smaller ships disintegrated immediately, converted in an instant into immeasurably small fragments. The larger warships were still recognisable as ships, thought ripped open and gutted by the blasts.
Only two ships of the great armada that had travelled so far retained some sort of offensive capability, and they were both able to back track the assault to the place where the little ship had been. Though they had no way of detecting the actual ship, they could work out its original position and attempt to predict its current course.
One of the ships guessed wrong and fired its last salvo harmlessly into empty space.
The other one got lucky. Its pulse weapons caught the little ship as it tried to change course. Its shield was no match for the level of firepower the battleship could bring to bear on it. Within a couple of seconds the shield failed and the little ship was ripped open from end to end.     


Chapter 1

The craft emerged into real space at sub luminal speed; its dull black surface almost invisible in the faint light from the distant sun.
In stealth mode, there was nothing to betray its existence; no heat signature, no radiation, no radio signals. It was just a small area of nothingness, 300 million kilometres from its destination, Earth.  
Inside the ship, the temperature was almost as low as it was outside. The environment contained little in the way of air or light; in fact there was nothing to support life.
But there was life.
He stood unmoving in the tiny, oval control room; in complete darkness.
He didn’t need light to see, just as he didn’t need air or heat or any of the comforts normally considered requirements for the maintenance of life. Still, he was alive; at least there was still some organic material left to him. Parts of his brain, some nerve cells; not actually what he had started out with, but still of some value to him. He was proud to still consider himself human; so few others would consider him such.
His metaform body was dull black, just as his ship’s hull, and was fairly hominid in appearance. Properly clothed he could have passed cursory inspection as a standard unmodified human; at least from a distance.
Using the ship’s sensory equipment he could see the approaching system, the familiar planets. It had been such a long time, but now here he was, returning home. Returning to a place he had left behind him nearly 10,000 years ago.  
He was days away still, but he was in no great hurry.
His reception was unlikely to be warm. And, for himself, he could forgive that, but there were other considerations, and of course there were the bodies in his storage bay. For them, he would brook no dissent, no delay.
For now, he was content to let the ship drift towards Earth, spending the days carefully planning his new future, his mind at normal speed. 
He prided himself that he still retained his humanity, and one of the reasons he did so was because he avoided machine speed mental capabilities unless it was absolutely necessary.
He would use the time to sort through his memories and confirm the choice that was the only one really open to him.
He was more than 10,000 years old, and although most of his memories were still available to him, even his brain could not accommodate all of them in his organic neural pathways. So the bulk of the data was filed in his digital partner-brain, in the AI that did virtually everything for him.  His memories were barely a shadow to him until he actively retrieved them from his archives.  
If he met someone he knew, he wouldn’t necessarily recognize them until he called the memory up. In normal mode, this might take several seconds; in machine mode the retrieval would be effectively instantaneous.
 In an attempt to maintain his humanity, he had programmed his brain to send up random memories to his conscious mind; memories in 3D, surround sound and full colour. Even memories from the time when he was still fully human were recreated as if they had been recorded at the time by his machine super-brain.
As well as spending the time reviewing appropriate memories, he would of course spend some time with Julie and Ben, his dead wife and son.
It was a concern to him, the overpowering desire to spend all of his time in the VR world he had created for them. To watch the sun go down over a beach, with his wife beside him and his son digging an unnecessarily deep hole in the sand, a cold beer in his hand; that was his desire. And he could fulfill that desire whenever he wanted to.
But that was the problem. He wanted to all of the time.
So here he was, approaching the rejuvenated Earth, with the re-grown bodies of his loved ones and the hope that he would be allowed to land; to become human again and live the last few years of his life with his wife and son.
Was it possible that his crimes and atrocities, both real and disavowed, would be forgiven? After all these years, would anyone still remember him?
In just a few days, those questions would be answered.
 
Chapter 2

The shaft was hundreds of metres deep, self-supporting with its lining of noncrete, penetrating deep into the heart of the desolate mountain. Its entrance was carefully hidden so no-one would find it by luck or intention.
And if some being happened upon it, and had the wit to open the door, what would they find? A narrow tube that seemed to go down forever, with no hand holds or other aids to descent.
And if they found the courage to make the attempt, there were traps lying in wait that would prevent them from reaching their destination.
Sealed within the small chamber at the base of the shaft was a being that had never been given a proper name. For the sake of convenience, and for reasons which may become clearer later, we will call him Number Two.
Number Two had occupied his restricted dwelling for thousands of years, nursing his purpose, content that he was safe; that nothing could harm him and his precious treasure in this hidden place.
And he was very nearly correct.
The area was geologically sound and had been for as long as records existed; for many millennia.
When the quake came, it was something of a shock to everyone. The creatures, sentient and otherwise, living near the base of the mountain ran for their lives. Some of them even made it.
When the mountain peak immediately above the entrance to the shaft collapsed upon itself, even noncrete was no protection.
The shaft twisted and cracked. It split open in some places, in others it was filled with dust and rocks. The debris compacted by its own weight; the shaft was no more than a feature of the devastated mountain.
In the chamber that now resembled a tomb, Number Two took stock.
There had been no real warning of the scale of the catastrophe that was about to happen; just a few unthreatening tremors kilometres away along the mountain range.
The chamber had not been breached, so Number Two was unharmed. But he was trapped in the centre of the mountain. There was of course the option to remain here as if nothing significant had changed and patiently carry on his mission.
But there could be another quake, one which could smash through the chamber’s noncrete ceiling and crush his body to dust.  And destroy the tiny portion of life he carried.
The decision was made in a small fraction of a second.
Number Two made no attempt to escape through the shaft. There was a much simpler way out. He knew his exact location; at the west wall of the chamber, and there were only a dozen or so metres of solid rock between the chamber and the cold clear air of the mountain side.  
Number Two chose the powerful handheld plasma cannon from his array of useful tools and weapons.
Within the space of only a couple of minutes, there was snow dusting his dull black skin.
 
Chapter 3

There were several temptations to which he was prone.
There was the VR world, always no more than an instant from him. There was a dark, unfocused anger that he would have struggled to explain, but still it called to him. Of course, there was the longing for a peaceful, contented resolution.
There was also the storage bay.
He found himself there again, without any conscious decision.
The bay was slightly warmer than the rest of the ship, but still dark, airless and unwelcoming. He was standing between two narrow cylinders, his hands resting gently on their opaque surfaces.
There were two further chambers on the other side of the bay. One was of a similar size to the closer chambers, but the other was much larger, rectangular and tall, seeming to crouch in the corner, holding its secrets within its menacing grip.
He leant to his left and brushed frost from the viewing plate. With his enhanced vision the face was clear, and perfect. Ben was ten years old when he died, and here he was, ready to live again. If only he got the chance.
To his right, there was Julie, her dark blonde hair unruly as ever, her dimpled chin calling for his gentle touch. He longed to see her open her eyes and amaze him with her smile.
As ever, he was prepared to do anything to achieve that wish.
In the distant past, he had sacrificed everything for them and counted that justified. If others suffered, then that too was barely worth consideration. And he had endured the millennia without them, on his long lonely journey.
But that was all behind him now.
In just a few days, he would return home. He would have his wife and son back again. Together they would live out the rest of their lives, on an Earth that had, despite everything it had been subjected to, found its own new lease of life.
And if Earth’s authorities should refuse his entry, if they should deny him what he required, what he needed, what he had an absolute right to have, then they would suffer the consequences of their actions.
He sighed and turned away from the stasis-chambers.
That was not the way he wanted this to go. He’d had enough violence and death. He hoped that they would not make that fatal mistake. That they would allow him to spend his final days back home, and end his tale of wandering and death. 

 
*    *    *

Number Two surveyed his surroundings.
He was perched on a narrow ledge, at the edge of the tunnel he had blasted through the side of the mountain. All around him the hot rock still glowed. 
Cold icy peaks towered above him, capped with snow, brilliant white in the bright sunlight. On his level, there was just rock, in a million shades of grey; hard, crumbly, sharp. He registered the sub-zero wind that scoured his body.
Far below, flat green land was visible, with small settlements and stands of trees dotted about.
There was no nearby path, only a precipitous, almost vertical slope leading to the gentler foothills a thousand metres below. Number Two was equipped with a number of gravity control features, so he stepped off the ledge and floated slowly down the face of the great slab of granite.
In moments he was striding through the foothills, towards the nearest village. During the descent he had reconsidered his options, but the decision was obvious.
Hiding away in a hole was not the best way to fulfill his purpose, not in a world where everything was subject to change. Being passive was just inviting failure, and he had come so close to failing.
No, a more active policy was required.
So he strode towards the village, to give instructions and make preparations. The village was too small, of course, with no real manufacturing facilities, but it was a start. 
The 216 villagers would not resist Number Two’s persuasive capabilities; they would obey his instructions willingly, joyfully.
From there he would move on to the nearest large town; a place with factories and a suitable workforce. That would be enough for the start of his project, though not nearly enough for its completion.
Every factory on this planet would eventually be required, every ounce of raw material; every minute of every day. And every single life.
 
Chapter 4

Number Four was safe and warm, hidden carefully in a place where none would think to look for him. All around him was the living, breathing body of his host, planted on this little island thousands of years earlier.
For him, no deep dark, cold caves, or tunnels dug into the heart of an ancient mountain. No desperate attempt to fling him to safety inside a converted asteroid. No hiding beneath the surface of a dead, airless satellite, precipitously close to his home world.
He was on a known planet, with people living and breathing all around him. If he listened, he could hear their chatter as they went about their perfectly normal lives, on a planet so far away from their birthplace.
So he remained, protecting his precious burden. He was barely conscious, but he was still aware that one day he might be called upon. When that day came, he would be ready.   
The rising heat didn’t disturb him, it barely registered on his drowsing senses. The boiling magma, just a few metres below, had not quite found its release.

*   *   *

He was named John (Jack) Russell and was that rarest of all things, an English astronaut.
It was 2019 and the years of intensive training were nearly over; he would soon be allowed into space in support of the latest US/ European space programme.
Ben was so excited, he counted the days down on his tablet; desperate to see his father climb into that great white tower and leap into space.
Julie was a little less enthusiastic about the whole thing. She just wanted her Jack back safe and sound, but she kept her reservations to herself; this was what Jack had worked so hard for over the past 12 years. The last thing she wanted was to spoil the party.
There was enough trouble already with the controversial project, with so many pundits claiming that it was all an expensive, unnecessary waste of money. Climate Change was dead and buried and there was no longer a problem that needed fixing.
From 1998 to 2015 there had been no measurable rise in the Earth’s average temperature, despite the dark and ever present forebodings of the scientific community. When questioned, they would point to China’s incredible economic growth which, it seemed, was hiding the effects of mankind’s dangerous indifference to the planet’s needs. Apparently, their good pollution was cancelling out the effect of the West’s bad pollution. But beware, each and every one insisted, it was only a temporary hiatus.
Then, during 2016 and 2017 there was a rise in average global temperatures of nearly 0.2 degree, amid dire warnings that the Sun was entering a period of increased sunspot activity which could adversely affect the amount of energy the Earth received.
This was when Big Bob McCabe, the new ‘We can fix this’ president of the US stepped into the frame.
Standing before the Senate, jacketless and tieless; his shirtsleeves rolled up to show his impressive forearms, his flock of white hair offset against his ruddy, outdoorsy complexion, he made his case.
‘In this, as in everything else of importance in the world, we will take the lead. For that is our role; our duty, you might say. It has always been the American way.
‘But let me tell you this.’ He paused to stare sternly into the cameras, one finger raised.
‘There will be not one single job lost to this. Trust me on this. We will not stop driving our cars, we will not stop air conditioning our homes. Our standard of living, which is the envy of the World, and which we have fought so hard to achieve and maintain will not be diminished. You would not have done me the great honour of electing me to this high office if you had not known that I would find a way.’
For a moment he paused, hardly acknowledging the cheers.
‘We caused this problem.’ He held one hand up to still the non-existent protests. ‘Yes, we did cause this. This is a forthcoming disaster that we are responsible for. The science is unequivocal. ‘
He looked around his audience; his face calm. They knew what was coming.
‘And Ladies and Gentlemen, it is because we are the cause that we are also the solution. And you know what we are going to do. Yes, you do know what we are going to do.’
He paused, teasing them. Waiting until they were ready.
 ‘We are going to fix this!’ He yelled, his voice almost drowned out by the roar of the crowd.
There were cheers and standing ovations to be dealt with of course. But this was only the start of Operation Sunblind Part I.     
Simple in concept, devilishly complex in application, Operation Sunblind Part I consisted of a disc, 10 kilometres in diameter, 10 millimetres in thickness, supported by a framework of  thousands of kilometres of super strong carbon fibre rods.
The Sunblind was to be positioned between the Earth and the Sun, approximately 300 kilometres from the Earth’s surface.  
The fabric of the disc consisted of a patchwork of transparent cells which could be switched individually to opaque as required, enabling the specified amount of sunlight to be blocked.
The plan was to reduce the amount of energy reaching the Earth’s atmosphere, to slow down the effects of Climate Change.
 It was felt that if 5% of the cells were made opaque, there would be a 1% reduction in energy intake. As a precaution, the controlling software was programmed not to allow greater than 20% opacity, though if it became necessary in the future to go for 100% opacity, there was no actual physical impediment.
Operation Sunblind Part I was just the start. If it proved successful, there would be a string of Sunblinds girdling the equator, giving absolute control of surface temperatures. 
Big Bob never expressed his wish in so many words, not even in private, but he was sure it would be named after him: Big Bob’s Belt.
Jack’s team would guide the Sunblind to its correct position and manage the six month trial. The three man team would really just babysit the craft, as all of the real work would be managed by the sophisticated hardware on board.
That was the plan anyway.
 
Chapter 5

Jack was disturbed from his memories by a buzzing in his head. For a moment he was at a loss, it was such a long time since he had received an in-coming message.
Then he remembered and gave permission to accept the call.
‘This is a message from Earth’s Near Space Control Authority. Please identify your captain, your ship, your planet of registry and your purpose.’
Jack considered his response. He was quite impressed that they had already detected his presence.
‘This is the last remaining scout ship of The Ascent of Man, Earth registry number 37652, tragically lost to catastrophic engine failure near the Centauri Systems. My name is James Rogers and I seek your help.’
There was silence for nearly 36 minutes.
‘If you’re going to lie to us Jack, you’re not going to get very far.’
‘I see.’ Said Jack. ‘So you know who I am. How did that happen then?’
There was a similar gap.
‘Quite simple. We have been monitoring your activities for quite some time now.’
‘That’s impossible!’
‘Is it really? Of course we do lose you every once in a while. But, every time you flicker back into the Real Universe, we regain you.’
Jack switched to machine mode and checked all sensors for possible threats. There was nothing apparent, but he set all systems to prepare for immediate flicker. The time delay between messages was about right for the 300 million kilometres between his ship and Earth, although that was easily faked.
‘Don’t go, Jack. Not until you’ve made your request at least.’ 
The message was at machine speed and Jack realized that he was dealing with an AI. And the reaction was far too quick for the 300 million kilometre time lapse; the AI was much closer. And how did it know what he was doing?
‘Don’t you know what I want?’ He stayed at machine speed; he didn’t want to give his adversary any advantage.
‘Just ask, Jack. Your request will of course be given due consideration.’
Jack paused for a millionth of a real time second, considering his words carefully. But they were the words he was always going to say.
‘I would like to request permission to disembark from this ship for three people in standard, unmodified human bodies. Those people being myself, John Russell, my wife, Julie Russell and my son, Ben Russell. We ask to be allowed to spend the rest of our lives at peace on our own world.
‘In gratitude for acceding to my request, I will make certain advanced technologies available to you. Technologies that I am sure you will find very useful.’
‘Be more specific.’ No pretence now at any sort of delay in response.  
‘Absolutely free energy, almost instantaneous communication between anywhere in the known universe, and, of course, the most advanced Flicker technology known to man – well to me really.’
‘Would I be correct in thinking that all of these wonderful offerings you lay at our feet require a certain level of Trans Prime interfacing? Interfacing that is prohibited by law across the whole of human occupied space.’
‘TPI is safe. I have made it safe. Now you can have the benefits of my many centuries of endeavor.’
‘Well, I must say, it is a fine offer. Whilst it is being considered, and that may take some time as my human colleagues will need to give some input, you might like to listen to something we have prepared for you. It is only a simple audio file; no video I’m afraid.’
‘What is it?’
‘Oh it’s just a list of all the people who died the last time you were here. It will play at normal speed, so it will take some time to play out.’
‘But how.. Surely that can’t be right. Nobody died!’
The names started then, and Jack made himself listen.
The AI had been kind enough to arrange the names in alphabetical order. By the time the list had started on the B’s, after nearly 4000 A’s, he’d had enough.
 
Chapter 6

The man was slim, light skinned and dressed in a neat two piece, light grey suit. Although he was tieless, his shirt was fully buttoned.
He spoke quietly, with no evidence of aggression or passion, his hands helping to articulate his calm, carefully chosen words. He could have been passing comment about the last book he’d read, or his opinion on the weather.
Jack felt weak at his softly spoken words.
‘We have your wife and your child. They will be safe, providing you do exactly what we ask. Do you require anything else in the way of threats, or shall we move on?’
Jack wanted to grab him by the throat and smash him against the wall of his sparsely furnished lounge. But he found that he could not move a limb. All he could do in response was nod.
‘Good. You don’t need to know who we are, you can trust that God is with us. Not your God of course, if you even have one. But never the less, we are not criminals, we are not murderers. We are simply committed to our cause; committed in a way you can probably never understand.’
‘You won’t harm my family!’ Jack gasped.
‘I have already dealt with that subject. I will now give you your instructions. You will follow them, to the letter. Three days after you have completed your mission, your family will have their freedom. That is more than I can say for my own family.’
He then told Jack what he was required to do. The very idea appalled him but, no matter how much he hesitated or tried to find alternatives, he knew that, in the end, nothing would stop him from doing whatever was necessary to save his family.  
 Two days later he left his empty home and travelled to the final camp. When the last three weeks of training were complete, it would be time for lift off.
 He considered playing sick or getting drunk and punching somebody important; anything that would prevent him from joining that flight. But the man had been quite explicit. There was no way out for him.
There was nothing difficult for him to do. Not really. All he had to was incapacitate his companions and reprogram the on board computer to allow 100% opaqueness.
He convinced himself that no-one would be hurt. The Sunblind was only 300 kilometres out. The US had space capable missiles. Within a day or so the Sunblind would be destroyed. He and his companions might even survive.  Their Return Craft could carry them to safety if they had sufficient warning.
 Of course he would then have to face the consequences of his actions; probably spend the rest of his life imprisoned.  But his wife and child would be safe. 
 
Chapter 7

‘Thank you very much for you very generous offer but I’m afraid we will have to decline.’
The message came unannounced, overriding his normal acceptance protocols. Jack was back in machine mode immediately. There was no trace of any other interference.
‘Is there anything else I can do to help you change your mind?’ Surely the AI was just establishing its initial negotiating position? 
Again, there was no time delay.
‘Yes. In fact there is. We would like to send aboard our representative, who will give you full details of our requirements. He will not be armed in anyway and has only fairly basic personal modifications. There will be nothing for you to fear from him, although you are free to perform any scans or undertake any other security measures you may consider necessary, short of harming him of course. Naturally we would take that very badly.’
Jack could already see the craft approaching him. It must have left Earth some time ago to be here already.
‘Your representative will be safe, as long as he behaves himself. But be under no illusion that I am obliged to agree to whatever your request may be.’
‘That is clearly understood.  Prepare for boarding.’ 
The Earth craft dwarfed his own vehicle as it neared; its twin white hulls blocked a substantial area of stars from his view and cast a shadow over his little ship.
Jack considered the weapons that must be trained on his ship, but was hardly concerned. He should be completely safe if his assessment of Earth’s military capabilities was accurate. If not, he would have plenty of time at machine speed to regret his choices.
There was no devastating display of offensive power, however. Just a small snub nosed lifeboat, easing through the hatchway that had just melted in the nearside hull of the larger ship.
Jack released his umbilical entrance tube. The emissary would have to wiggle his way through it to gain entrance.
By the time the airlock opened, Jack had flushed an appropriate atmosphere through his ship and raised the ambient temperature to something approaching a comfort level for his guest. He even switched on the artificial gravity for his guest’s comfort.
The tall ungainly figure bowed slightly as he exited the airlock. Jack was unsure if this was politeness or merely an attempt to avoid injury getting through the rarely used doorway.
He slipped back to real speed.
‘Welcome to my ship.’ Jack decided to start off playing nice. He held out one dull black hand.
‘Oh, thank you. For your gracious welcome. And for letting me come aboard.’
There was a refined softness to the voice that Jack found irritating.
‘Perhaps you should introduce yourself.’
‘Oh, sorry. Of course. My name is DeBois, Michelle Debois. And I have waited so long to meet you.’
‘Surely not that long. You’ve only known that I was nearby for a few days.’
‘I hesitate to disagree with you Mr. Russell but I have been studying you for the best part of my life, for more than 50 years. I am the world’s authority on all things Russell.’
Jack considered Debois. He was tall, flabby with a big belly and sloped shoulders. His hair was shaved at the sides, and  had been teased into an array of glistening curls on top. His eyes were darkened with a purple eye shadow and his lips were an unfeasible shade of pink. His dark grey knee length gown was loosely belted by a narrow pink band at the waist, set off by matching dusty pink ankle high boots. Each wrist sported heavy duty gold bracelets; all hooks and loops, studded with glittering gems, surrounded by a mist of multicoloured droplets that changed colours and orientation as he watched.  
He checked the security scans and confirmed that Debois did indeed show no evidence of enhancement.
He invited him into the central chamber and had an uncomfortable looking chair extrude from the deck.
‘Take a seat Mr Debois.’ He offered. It was such a long time since he’d had company.
Debois accepted the offer, wriggling in the chair, trying to find a comfortable position.
‘What do you want?’ Jack asked abruptly, checking Debois’s pulse, skin temperature and ECG activity for signs of deception.          
‘I have been instructed to be absolutely honest with you.’ Despite the obvious lie, there were no tell-tale signs. ‘Earth will not allow you and your family to land, whatever you may offer in compensation. That is our position.’ His hands dropped to his belly
Jack was still standing. He took a step forward, towering over the seated figure.
‘Then my position will be to rip your soft body to shreds and utterly destroy half of the world and then see if the remaining half will reconsider its position.’
Debois yelped and jerked back in the chair
‘There is no need to be quite so aggressive, if you don’t mind me saying. I had not finished; there is more. I merely paused to gather the strength to make my point.’
‘And that is?’
‘As I indicated earlier, I am an expert on you; one of many over the thousands of years you have lived. Where possible we have tracked your activities live, where it has not been possible to do so, there have been in depth investigations to discover the extent of your activities. Whilst I do not pretend that we have a complete picture, I believe we have a fair understanding.’
‘But why?  I understand that I disappeared in unusual circumstances and some people may even have died. But why the fascination with me after all this time? And what was the point of that list of names you played me?’
Debois stared at him, unmoving for several seconds. Then settled himself in the chair.
‘Is it really possible that you don’t remember? Have you wiped the horrors from your memory?’ 
Jack flipped back to machine speed and called up all the memories from Operation Sunblind.
 
Chapter 8

Everything worked exactly as the designers and engineers had planned until the Sunblind was in place. The device resembled a giant umbrella, wrapped around the craft’s living and propulsion sectors.
When it had settled in its prescribed position, the spines extended to their full length and spread out at right angles to the long tube at its centre. Then slowly, the fabric of the great disc was drawn along the spines until the disc was complete.
Its orbit was designed to traverse the US three times each day. Of course, ideally it should have been orbiting the equator, for best results, but Big Bob had insisted that the initial trial cover his great country. How else would he ensure maximum media exposure for the operation and for himself?
The override programme he had been given was on a pen drive containing his music for the extended stay. It was simple to plug into the system and request a particular track. The rest was automatic.  Before it was obvious what was happening, Jack had to prevent his companions from interfering.
He had been provided with a mini-syringe with which he could inject a small knock out dose into their drink pouches.      
There was little privacy on the ship, but the opportunity came when his companions were preoccupied with a minor air quality issue. As his contribution to the solution, he provided refreshments.
Only moments later they were unconscious and no longer a threat to the operation.
It was Jack’s official responsibility to manage the deployment of the disc and the implementation of the initial phase of light restriction. The programme had been set to reach a maximum of 0.3% reduction in the amount of light hitting the Earth, and there were more than 500 scientist and engineers across the US waiting to measure the effects of this on air temperatures at ground level.
At this conservative level they expected their sensitive instruments to register minimal variation.
They were going to be quite surprised.
It was 7am Eastern Standard Time in New York. Down at the Battery the air temperature was measured at 12 degrees Celsius by Brian Jones, working as a temp and a little uncertain of the equipment he was using.
The local weather forecast predicted that the temperature would increase to 15 degrees by 11:30AM and peak at 17.5 degrees by 3:30PM.
The Sunblind meteorologists predicted that, with the Sunblind in operation, the 15 degree point would be delayed until 11:45PM and that the high point would be 17.2 degrees. Naturally there was a plus or minus factor of 0.2 degrees to allow for unpredictable variables.
That didn’t quite cover it.
When Jack set the Sunblind to 100% opacity, it produced a reduction in the energy reaching the Earth’s surface in the target area of 20%. And the target area stretched from the 15 to 45 degrees north, nicely fulfilling Big Bob’s requirements.
At 11:45AM the temperature was still only 14 degrees. It didn’t hit 15 degrees until 2PM and the high point was 15.7 degrees.
Brian recorded the data diligently and E-mailed it to HQ. It wasn’t his problem that someone had obviously screwed up.
At HQ they didn’t need Brian’s figures to know that all was not right. Within seconds of implementation it was obvious visually that the established mission parameters had not been met. Instead of a patchwork of occasional black and mostly clear cells, visible only to shielded cameras, anyone in Ray-Bans could clearly see a completely black disc.    
Sunblind refused to acknowledge their desperate calls and messages; confusion and panic reigned. 
 
Chapter 9

Debois sat in his uncomfortable chair, absolutely still. His attention was intently focused on Jack.
For several seconds Jack had not moved or spoken. Debois guessed that he was in Machine Mode, so it shouldn’t be too long before they could continue.
‘Tell me what you remember.’ He whispered.
But there was still no response.
Debois stood up and began to circle Jack.
Although Debois was quite tall himself, Jack was a full head taller. His dull black surface showed little detail, seeming to absorb light.
His flat face was lit by a narrow glowing crystal optical band, bright enough to show the featureless face below. His shoulders were broad and his long arms seemed strong enough to crush rock. All in all, he was an imposing figure.
Debois found it hard to control the excitement building up inside him; after all those years of preparation, he was finally here, beside the infamous Jack Russell. 
With no discernible change, it was a shock to have Jack back.
‘I remember everything.’ Jack’s voice was calm and quiet, with a quaint rhythm and intonation that betrayed his ancient roots.  
‘Do you really? Are you absolutely sure?’
‘Why are you here? What do you want?’
‘I am here to represent Earth’s best interests, of course.’
‘But why are you here on my ship? You were about to offer some explanation earlier. Please resume.’
Debois coughed delicately into a scented handkerchief he’d produced from his sleeve. He settled back into his chair.
‘You do realise how difficult it is to converse with you. You give no facial or other physical clues as to your reaction to my words.’
‘If that’s a problem, how about this?’  
An image of a smiling male face appeared just below his optical band.
Debois pursed his lips.
‘No, thank you, but that doesn’t help.’
The face disappeared.
‘Before I go into details about our requirements, I really need to be sure that you are fully aware of the situation you are in, and that you understand our position.’
‘I am fully aware of my position, but I am a little puzzled about yours.’
‘Perhaps I could start by explaining the historical significance as we understand it and see how we get on from there. How does that sound?’
There was no response.
‘The Sunblind operation was a disaster. You altered the course so that it was in a geostationary orbit over New York, set at full opaqueness. With the closer proximity you engineered, 100% of the Sun’s energy was blocked from the ground for 3 hours every day for nearly 3 months.
‘People died from the freezing temperatures; the Hudson froze. There were blackouts and brownouts. There were crop failures in the surrounding areas.’
‘No, that can’t be right. We were shot down after only a few days. No-one died!’
‘They couldn’t shoot you down. It is not clear if it was more sabotage, or simply bad luck, but the space based missiles would not work. It took months to launch replacements.’ 
Debois paused for a moment, trying to gauge his companion’s reaction.
‘You killed Davies and Barnes; you have to admit that.’
‘No; I drugged them but they survived. I remember clearly.’ 
‘How much of your memory is digitised? How much is actually real?’
‘Everything is digital, but that doesn’t make it any less real.’
‘That would not seem to be the case, if you don’t mind me saying. And if your mind is not really your own, I’m not sure there is any point continuing this conversation.’ 
Debois closed his eyes and seemed to settle a little in his chair.
Then he began to jerk spasmodically, his lips a blur and his ringlets shaking fetchingly.
For a second Jack was confused. Then he realised that Debois had moved into some sort of machine mode, and, somehow he was communicating directly with Jack’s AI. Without a second thought Jack flicked the mental switch that would put him in machine mode, but nothing happened.
He tried again, and failed. His AI had to be blocking him; there was no other explanation. This had never happened before. 
He was stuck in slow-mow meat mode. And he was being excluded from whatever was going on in his head!
 
Chapter 10

Debois shouldn’t really have been there at all.
He’d been planning a holiday. He was going to visit the rebuilt Niagra Falls and maybe take in some casinos. His presentation on the Russell Years had gone down well at a local history convention and he was relaxing in a night club he frequented in a somewhat unrespectable part of town. 
Naturally, when it came to nightspots and music, only the most staid citizens stuck to the current 1950’s pretence.
The chilliest band of the moment was playing on the small stage, but of course he couldn’t hear them. They played superson rock at pitches too high for the human ear to register. Only those dedicated fans who had gone to the trouble of hearing enhancements could hear them; that was why they were so chilled.
So many of their albums were bought by fans who would never actually hear their work, which was very much the same for the music media who raved about their genius.  
So, despite their much vaunted commercial success, there were only five or six fans there, cheering them on from the dance floor, plus a pack of dogs howling outside; for some strange reason they were forbidden entrance.
Debois quite enjoyed watching the emaciated lead singer leaping about, shaking his curly head, waving a stern finger at his audience; in absolute silence.
As a student of history, Debois had a guilty secret.
He doted on the boy bands of the late twentieth century. In his private bedroom, there were flat representations and holo-pics of Luke, Matt, Ronan, Jason, Paul, John, George and many others; the whole pantheon.    
His secret was safe, however, as he never received visitors; and certainly not in his bedroom. That was not the sort of thing he could contemplate, not with all the messiness that might entail.
He was sat at his usual place at the bar, all comms off and a cool fruit based drink in his hand.
Barry was behind the bar; his clothes were a little too tight for his current weight, but he didn’t seem concerned; after all, he had his memories.
‘Hey Bar, what have you got music wise?’
‘How do you want it? Trad, inject, ingest?’ He gestured to the pots and discs behind the bar.
‘Ingest, I think.’
‘Lingering Smell in the Bedroom?’
‘No, I didn’t appreciate their last effort. What about Just Friction?’
‘Lubricant?’
‘Yes, that’d be smooth.’ 
As Barry prepared the muse-drink for him, Debois noticed Allea walking towards him. 
To call Allea’s movement merely walking was to understate drastically the full effect of her performance. In shorts so brief you could see the razor burn, and with only two narrow vertical bands of flimsy material failing to conceal or constrict her quite remarkable breasts, there was so much movement, vertical, horizontal and lateral, as she moved that she was a magnet for all eyes in the room.
‘Hi Michelle.’ She breathed, standing ever so close.
‘Hi Al.’ Debois whispered, taking a stab at sexy, but missing by a kilometre.
She tapped his wrist.
‘Switch on your comms. You’re wanted.’
‘Okay, but before I do, can I…?’ He raised one eyebrow.
She sighed and glanced over her shoulder. No-one was paying them any attention, though she was sure Barry could see them in the mirror.
‘OK.’ She said, her eyes locked on his. Then she did something magical with her hips and her left breast was pushed towards him, threatening to snap the narrow lacy strip.
Debois raised one pink nailed finger and brushed the knuckle along the yield of her breast.
That was all he wanted.
If she had offered anything more, he would have run for his life. Not for him the messy stuff others lusted for; the complications, the restrictions. No, a moment like this would keep him satisfied for months. He would wake up feeling the heat of her body, inhaling the musky scent of her skin, lost in the smile on her lips.
As he left the club he switched on his comms and received the message that wiped Allia and Niagra from his mind.
Jack Russell was back. 
 
Chapter 11
Number Two was standing on a low hill; at three metres above historic sea levels, it was now the highest point on the planet.
The sky was grey, filled with the vast formations of angry clouds caused by the flash boiling of the seas and oceans to provide more surface area for his work.
Mountains had been levelled, forests destroyed, cities reduced to their molecular base. All in his quest for matter; matter to be broken down and used as fuel or building material for his great project.
Beside him stood an exact copy of himself, dull black and unmoving in the strong wind.
And beside that copy was another, and another, and another.
Number Two turned; everywhere he could see replicants of himself, filling the land to the horizon and beyond. 
If he was to circumnavigate the planet, the scene would be the same. Every square metre contained one single copy of the original, and each one contained a tiny quantity of organic material, held in stasis. Each a cloned piece of the original Jack Russell.
It had started slowly, taking several months to organize the sentient natives enough to make the first copy, then things got faster, with the full use of the entire planet’s production capacity turned to manufacturing the replicants.
There was a slight hiatus as the last of the natives perished, but soon production was back up to optimum levels as the more copies there were, the more they could make.
The only brake on production was waiting for new organic material to be grown. 
Now, with 27282191956 versions of himself to ensure the survival of Jack Russell, there was a decision to be made. As things stood, there was a very good chance of survival for up to 3.5 billion years. Then the local sun would likely expand to a red giant, taking in the orbit of this planet, destroying everything within its radius.
Destroying Jack Russell.
That was a result Number Two intended to prevent.
There were other planets in this system which would provide plentiful raw material for the manufacture of replicants, over the medium term.
But over the longer term they would not be sufficient.
Number Two looked up. The angry convoluted clouds blocked his view; still, he knew what was hidden.
Beyond the clouds, the sky was full of stars.

                                
                      *   *   *

The machine speed spasm lasted only a few seconds but it was long enough for panic to threaten to overcome Jack.
For nearly 10 millennia his mind had been embedded within his AI, supporting each other in a symbiotic relationship that had outlasted civilisations.
Now he was cut off, on his own; a mere animal.
He could see, although he had no real awareness of his position in space or time, no sense of himself. He was just meat.
Debois opened his eyes and sat a little higher in his chair. A twitched smile appeared then immediately failed.
‘Sorry about that.’ His whispered, his voice a little hoarse.
‘How did you do that? You have no implants, no enhancements.’
Debois raised his eyebrows. ’I have my ways.’ 
Jack tried to regain contact but there was nothing there. His AI was still closed to him. 
He was left alone, his mind was sluggish and dull, straining through a morass of non-specific feelings and non sequiturs. 
‘But…’ Nothing followed; the question, the qualification, the protest; nothing. He looked at Debois, on hand raised as if in supplication.
‘Perhaps I should explain myself’ There was something of a self-satisfied air about him now, as if he had proved himself extraordinary; that he now had the upper hand.
‘Yes.’ 
‘Your AI and I have come to an agreement which I believe will result in all parties reaching their desired goals. A happy ending for us all. Now how does that sound?’ 
‘You’re going to let me land, with my family?’ The words came slowly.
 ‘Yes. At some time in the, for you at least, relatively near future, you will be welcomed back to your home world. There will be no fanfares, no ticker tape parades. But you will be allowed to return.’
‘When?’
‘It is difficult to be specific about the exact timeline here; there are certain complex variables over which we have little or no control. But it will happen.’
‘Why?’
‘Why? Suddenly we’re quite the monosyllabic interlocutor!’  
‘Why have you changed your mind?’
‘Well, the thing is this. You are going to do something for us first. You’re going to correct some of the errors that you made during your millennia flitting around the Universe.’
‘I don’t know what you are talking about.’
‘Of course you don’t. Of your course you don’t.’ Debois resisted the temptation to touch Jack. ’You poor dear.’
Jack turned suddenly. Stiffly, he walked to the nearest bulkhead. It was blank, unadorned. He turned; all of the walls were the same. He was locked in a small room in the depths of space, millions of kilometres from any chance of safety. Effectively blind, and without an iota of control over his situation.
He had to find some way to change that, some way to be other than a mere tool.
He turned back to Debois. He could shred his soft body to ribbons of gaudy flesh; he could crush his elegant skull to a diamond jewel of loss and despair; he could hug him in an epiphany of agony and rage; he could flay him and wear a coat of mutilated flesh.
He reached out for him, his black hands claws, his blank face managing somehow to display his intentions.
‘Stop!’ Debois was out of the chair, one hand stretched out towards Jack. ‘You don’t want to do something you’ll regret later. Think of Julie and Ben!’
Jack stopped. Slowly he lowered his hands. His head dropped as he watched his hands.
Then he looked up at Debois.
‘I can’t remember what they look like.’ He whispered. 
 
Chapter 12
Debois rushed back to base as soon as he received notification of Russell’s return.
Rushing didn’t really equate with speed; not these days.
The North Western region was currently going through an idealised version of 1950s North America; the music a mix of exciting rock and melancholy country, the transport slow and time consuming, and there was a distinct dearth of casual clothing. In house entertainment was restricted to a few hours per night of flat vid and a selection of faux religious preaching over the radio. Naturally it was considered bad taste to indulge in personal implanted entertainment devices.
Of course, this was only make pretend 1950s North America. No-one actually wanted the health care, the paranoia, the racism, the sexism or the life span. It was just pretend.
Debois was looking forward to the next change; the word was that it would be 1980s UK. He was sure that would suit his style much closer.
Base was a low slung, ranch style house; there was even a cactus in the yard.
Debois sniffed when he saw Janice in the doorway. She was dressed in a dark grey suit, the skirt ankle length, the lapels a hazard to anyone within a metre of her. Not that there were many who would volunteer to get that close. Her dark hair was medium length, brushed off her face in some complicated, wave like, forlorn attempt at glamour.
The sneer formed by her bright red lips was surely permanent; at least for him.
‘Took your time.’
‘I’m sorry, I was off com.’
‘In that dive, The Hanging Participle?’
‘Well, it suits me.’
‘Still poking the girls?’ She rested one finger on her crimson bottom lip, showing tiny white even teeth. On someone else it might have seemed a provocative tease. On Janice it was really quite disturbing.
‘Where is he?’
‘Just go through.’
The doorway was narrow and Janice wasn’t, so he had to squeeze past her to gain entry; he shivered as he felt something soft and squishy pressed against his hip. He did not want to know what part of her body had assaulted him.
Inside there was a large over furnished living area. He was sure the Dralon was wrong era, but the linoleum looked about right.
The room was empty so he walked through to the back porch where he found a swing seat and a rocking chair. 
‘Hi Michelle. Thanks for coming. I understand you were with the delightful Allea; what was she wearing?’
Debois shrugged. ‘The usual.’
He was uncomfortable with this sort of matey casual talk amongst men. He never knew what was appropriate to discuss.
And it was even worse with his boss Darnall, who effected the physical appearance of a 12 year old boy, with curly blonde hair (a little too long for the period) and rosebud lips.
He was sitting in the rocking chair, a whiskey glass in one hand and what was surely a Cuban cigar in the other. One bare foot was balanced on his knee.
‘So, you’ve heard the news.’  His voice was that of a child, his diction, syntax and tone, that of a bi- centenarian. ‘Are you ready?’ 
‘Yes, sir!’ Debois felt a little macho surge.
‘You do realise that, if things don’t go to plan, you won’t be coming back?’
‘I’ve been preparing for this all of my life. To die for the sake of Earth would be an honour.’
‘Don’t get too gung ho on me Michelle. Subtlety is the watchword here.’
‘Of course.’ Said Debois; subtly.
‘You’ll need to have your comms removed. He won’t risk any implants.’
‘No problem, sir. My organic enhancements are all up to optimum levels and I’ve done my full quota at machine speed.’
‘Yes, I’ve seen your test scores. Very impressive. Your ship will be recording everything and broadcasting to a fascinated world; you’re going to be famous.’
‘Will the Russell Project continue, after I am successful?’
‘There is still so much we don’t know. Don’t forget that you must make a final broadcast, before the end, if that is the way things develop. Fastsplat the data but, don’t forget, we want an emotional, heartfelt, tearful finale. If we don’t actually succeed in the mission, at least we can have record ratings. We should be early 21st Century Parody by then.’
‘Not the 1980’s?’
‘No, it’s all going to be about celebrity, reality TV and spurious wars. It’s going to be great.’
‘I was hoping for the 80’s.’
‘I can see why, but it’s hardly relevant now, is it?’
‘No sir.’
Darnall drained his glass and slipped out of the chair. He stuck his cigar in the corner of his mouth and reached up and placed a hand on Michelle’s shoulder.
‘The world is watching, Debois. We know you won’t let us down.’ At least that was what it sounded like as he muttered around the cigar.
Debois’s bottom lip quivered. ‘You can rely on me, sir.’
Darnall grunted and turned away.
Debois strode back through the house and accidently bumped Janice off the front porch as he passed. 
 
Chapter 13
Debois moved towards Jack, placing a tentative hand on his arm.
‘Listen to me Jack. It’s going to be OK.’
‘They’re downstairs, I can go and see them now.’
Debois couldn’t allow that. It was far too soon.
‘You don’t have to do that, Jack, you’re contact is back. And this time you will have full access to all of your memories. Nothing will..’  
Jack was no longer listening to him.
He was walking down a narrow twisting country lane, with Ben on his back and Julie laughing by his side. They were all slightly damp from a recent shower and Jack was trying to sing a song, struggling a little as he couldn’t remember the words. Julie knew them, but just laughed at his wild guesses.
Then, as the rain started up again, they came to a small cottage, hidden from the lane. It was their home.  Of course there was a fire burning…
‘Jack. Jack. Listen to me.’ Jack wanted to push Debois away for disturbing his reverie.
‘We have to talk, Jack.’
‘Why do you need me now, anyway? I thought you were just dealing with my AI!’
‘Things have to be done and only you can do them.’
Debois turned from him and seated himself in the chair. It seemed much more comfortable than before and was covered it what looked like pink velvet.
‘Let me explain. You have access to your full range of memories now, so you will be able to verify everything I say.’
‘OK.’
‘Over the many thousands of years that you have been travelling around the universe, you looked for ways to preserve yourself. I won’t make any comment about how egotistical that sounds now, I’m sure you felt your motives were perfectly valid. In your present form you are close to immortal, barring accidents, but it seems that was not enough. So you made 7 copies of yourself, each one containing a cloned version of your precious brain, implanted with your memories. Each one was then hidden in secret locations across the universe.’
‘OK.’
‘I see we’re going to have a fine old time, conversation wise.’
There was no obvious response from Jack.
‘From Earth’s viewpoint, you yourself represent a serious threat to the safety and smooth running of our empire. Seven further versions of you make it imperative that preventive action be taken.’
‘OK.’
Debois hesitated.
‘We have already disposed of one of those seven; Number Six. We need you to finish the job and deal with the other six.’
‘Deal with?’
‘Destroy, kill, dispose of. However you wish to describe it, their threat must be nullified.’
‘How did you kill the one you killed?’
‘Your drive leaves a tell-tale signal when you flicker back in to normal space. We can usually track part of your journey. In this case we were able to back track and trace you to a particular group of stars. Then it was a needle in a haystack operation.
‘We found him hidden away in the depths of a mountain. We blew the whole thing up.’
‘Can you be sure that was enough?’
‘When the dust cloud cleared we sifted through what was left of the remains of the mountain and found the remains. We removed the remaining organic material and reduced the artificial parts to their basic component level. Those parts were later taken away for study.’
‘And the brain?’
‘Destroyed by fire.’
‘Very thorough.’
‘We thought so. It took us months, but we had to be sure.’
‘How will you know if I have fulfilled your request?’
Debois pursed his lips. With no facial expression and precious little physical indication of his thoughts, it was hard to gauge his mood and anticipate what could be a violent reaction.
‘Well of course I’ll be coming with you, every step of the way.’
‘I see.’
‘When the task is complete, we will both return to Earth to a hero’s welcome and a nice warm happy ending. How does that sound?’
‘How did you get my AI to agree to this?’
‘I think it is only fair to say that your AI’s disagreement has been suspended, for the time being. I was able to appraise it of a situation that it had not previously been aware of.’
‘And at any time that disagreement might be re-instated?’
‘Yes. Exciting isn’t it?’
‘Do you not enjoy living, then?’
‘Of course, I can’t think of a better way to spend my time.’
‘What was the situation you felt it was necessary to appraise my AI of, without my presence?’
‘You know that I’m not going to tell you. Not now, anyway. When this all over, you will know the complete truth.’    
Jack took a moment to consider the lies he was being told; were there any that he had missed?  
‘When do we start?’ He said, quietly.
‘Whenever you are ready. I suggest you review your newly expanded memory to ascertain where each copy is located and plot a course accordingly. Although I should say that we should get to Number Two as soon as it is practically possible.’
‘Why?’
‘It is eating worlds.’
 
Chapter 14

Debois watched Jack carefully but there was, as usual, no feedback.
He glanced towards the door that led below. It had been close; he couldn’t have allowed Jack to go down there; not without the control of his AI.
During his interface with Jack’s AI, Debois was able to view a little more than was freely provided. He could see part of the deception being perpetrated on Jack.  If Jack had been allowed to see what the bay actually contained, it could have meant disaster for the mission.
At some stage he would find out, but not until the job was complete.
As Jack wasn’t doing very much, Debois moved to the opposite side of the room and adopted a pensive pose, his arms folded across his round stomach.
He was aware that their every move and word was followed by the infrared cameras and microphones in the device he had stuck to the outer hull as he entered the ship.
The images would be converted into a 3D drama that would be broadcast to all the parts of the Earth that were not pretending to be in the 1950s, and even they would see the updates in their morning newspapers (on actual paper!).
They would be stars for the next few years, until the last copy of Jack had been removed. Their names would be known across the whole empire.
But at the end, if their mission was not a success, his heroic role would be tainted with treachery. 


                  *   *   *

Jack was not searching his memories for the location of the replicants. He was lost in the memories of his time during and after the Sunblind Operation.
He flicked from episode to episode, mining each for some sense, some understanding of what he had done.
Finding his companions dead, he was appalled that the knock out drug had proved fateful.  It was surely a mistake; not innocent of course, though unintended. The plan was for them all to survive, but if anyone failed to do so, it would be him.
He had to carry on, for his family’s sake.
So he had put his head down and tried to ignore his dead shipmates. But, after a few days the smell had become too intense to bear in the restricted space they shared. So he had donned his spacesuit and dragged each of them into the narrow airlock, one by one. The airlock was cramped; meant for 1 person in a spacesuit. Of course neither Davies nor Barnes needed spacesuits, so he managed to squeeze them out into the cold grasp of space.
Then it was 3 months later and the last of a multitude of warnings had been given; he had 1 day to close down the operation and return to Earth to face the consequences of his crimes. The alternative was the destruction of the Sunblind by the hastily assembled Earth Space missile system.
Jack judged that the time was right and climbed into the return module, leaving the Sunblind in full operation.
As he fired the rockets that would put him on course for a perilous atmospheric entry, he radioed Houston. A safe return was dependent on guidance from the ground. Without it, he would be unlikely to survive. He was hardly surprised when there was no response.
Somehow, he survived. He didn’t burn up on entry, but he was travelling far too fast and the angle was too steep. When he deployed the parachute it was ripped from his craft almost instantly, doing nothing to slow his suicidal velocity.
If he’d landed on water, he might have made it, if the fates were on his side. In fact, he missed the ocean by less than a hundred metres. With the sand slowing him a little before he ploughed into the forest, he was probably only travelling at 100 kilometres per hour when he hit the first tree.
His rescuers, or captors, were close by. They had tracked him all the way. They were able to cut his mangled body from the wreckage and helicopter him to the nearest military hospital, which just happened to be on a Royal Naval vessel that had been involved in the operation.
Although they expected to be delivering a corpse, somehow, part of him was still alive. The neck was broken, the body crushed, but the brain still endured.
After days working on him, the doctors announced that there was nothing they could do for him, without mechanical aid he could not survive.
But General Smythe would not accept that. As part of the joint Army Navy taskforce, he was in charge.
‘Is your diagnosis brain death?’ He asked in his normal abrupt manner.
‘No, his brain is really in quite good condition, now that we’ve stopped the bleeding.’ Though the surgeon was a civilian, he still felt a strange urge to stand at attention and salute. The General had that effect on people. 
‘In that case, he must stand trial for what he has done. We cannot let him escape justice. There must be something we can do. ’
There was.
Brian Hicks was the CEO of Hominids R Us. They manufactured high end personal robots for the rich and confused. Of course, they didn’t call them robots or androids; hominids were considered less threatening. Their hominids were short, bulky creations with flashing lights and jerky movements; designed not to resemble humans in the least.
Hicks was so keen to produce the best possible pseudo human that, when the tender came out, his offered price was 1 dollar.
Naturally he got the job. 
They told him what they wanted; easy. They told him the timescale; not so easy.
The requirement was that Russell would be able to walk in to a courtroom, sit and answer questions. He was to look as human as possible so as not to inspire undue sympathy. And when the death penalty was pronounced, there should be an off switch.
Now Hicks saw these requirements as minimums; he wanted to see how much better he could do.
So the body he made for Jack moved like a human; a very tall human. To accommodate all the built in features, he had to be over 2 metres tall. But he could walk and talk; if he had to dance, that would not have been a problem. He could run like the wind and, although he couldn’t leap tall buildings, he was as close to superman as Hicks could make.
He did have an off switch but it was a dummy. Hicks wasn’t going to let them destroy his creation.   
Jack was tried in an English court so, despite the protests and machinations of Big Bob, there would be no death penalty.
Jack had hardly listened to the proceedings or the verdict; just before the trial he was told that his wife and child had been found dead, in his home. The weapon was a simple kitchen knife; the finger prints were his.
Another two more crimes to add to the ever growing list.
The verdict was life imprisonment; minimum term 50 years.
It meant nothing to him.
‘Jack. Jack. Can you hear me?’
Debois’s words brought him back to the present.
‘Can you remember where they are?’
For a second he was unresponsive; then he nodded his head.
‘Can you plot a course?’
‘Of course.’
‘Shall we start? Which order will it be?’
‘We can start whenever you are ready.’
‘I’m always ready, Jack.’ He said, archly.
‘You think this is an appropriate time for levity? 
‘If not now, when? I know this must be difficult for you, but we have a long way to go. And we’re just going to have to get used to each other. I know your sparkling personality is going to be something of a trial for me. ’
‘And your drab conversation is going to be a challenge for me.’
‘Oh my. A joke even. This is going to work out fine.’ 
 
Chapter 15
The dust rises gently at every footfall, and seems to take an age to fall back to the rocky ground. Some powdery material remains clinging to his ankles as he walks towards the light, held by residual static.
There is a clearly defined boundary he is about to cross; no fuzziness or twilight. He walks from absolute bitter darkness into the brilliant cold light of the sun. There is no atmosphere to soften either extreme, for this is the Moon and he has been hidden here on the dark side for millennia.
But today his hiding has come to an end and there are things that will have to be done before he can allow himself to rest once more, and cherish the gift that was given to him so long ago, his very reason for existence.
In the full glare of the sun, he bends to examine the array of sensors that have been keeping a close watch on his home world for more than a century. There are a multitude of tiny impact scars, caused by some of the millions of micro meteorites that hit the lunar surface each year but, otherwise, the equipment is fine.
He sometimes wonders why Jack placed him here, so close to Earth. Was it just sentiment, or did he already know that the greatest danger to his continued existence would come from Earth? It didn’t really matter; he was here, and it was fortunate that he was.
He glances over at the jagged, gap toothed remains of the habitat dome that one enclosed the whole crater, providing a safe haven for thousands of people. Even now it towers over him, a testimony to the ingenuity and perseverance of humanity. If he cared to tour the whole of the bright side of the Moon, he would fine the same scene repeated over and over; eternal monuments to those who perished in the Hardlampon War.
That was how he came to leave the safety of his underground chamber, wakened from his semi-slumber by the ground shaking explosions that completely destroyed the lunar colonies. 
As he’d walked along the dividing line between night and day, he’d watched the alien craft swooping low above the great dome, releasing their deadly missiles and swerving away in broad arcs to renew their attack. He saw the first cracks appear in the supposedly indestructible carapace of the dome, the escaping air visible as it met the absolute cold outside, the water it carried immediately freezing and falling to the ground as tiny, slow hail stones.   
Some were quick enough to don their spacesuits and escape into the open, avoiding the quick death of catastrophic depressurisation.  But their only reward was to watch their home being destroyed and then to wait for their own slow deaths as their spacesuits’ limited stores of air were depleted.
Number Five had considered what help he should offer to them. But, although so desperately few, there were still too many of them for any efforts he might make to have any value, and, as always, his primary concern was the safety of his precious burden. So he’d merely watched for a while longer, a witness to their pitiful deaths. Then he’d turned his back on them, and walked back into the darkness.
After the hostilities had finished, it was obvious to him that precautions had to be taken to ensure that he was not put in a similarly dangerous position again. It would have been so easy for a Hardlampon missile to go astray and destroy him as he hid in his simple hole in the ground. Then he would have failed in his mission and lost the little parcel of life he carried.
So he set up an array of sensors to keep watch on Earth and nearby space. If there were ever any further hostilities, he would be warned well in advance and be able to take evasive action.
Which was why he is here today. Not to defend himself against rampaging aliens, or badly targeted weapons. But against Earth itself. And, even more terrible for him to consider, also against Jack.


                  *   *   *

‘If you don’t mind me saying, your ship is a little small for our requirements. Especially if the journey is going to take as long as I expect. I can’t even see any sleeping quarters.’
‘Sleeping quarters? Oh yes, I remember them. They’re for when you need to sleep, aren’t they?’
Debois pursed his lips, deciding that it was a rhetorical question.
‘No canteen, no ablutions, no recreational facilities. It’s just so tiny and spartan.’
‘It suits me.’
‘Why don’t we take my ship; it’s much more comfortable.’
‘That’s not going to happen. I don’t trust you, you have a crew, and you’re far too slow.’
‘You might be surprised about that.’
‘I see. Could it be that you’re using TPI? Illegally?’    
‘Well, needs must, as you might say.’
Jack turned away; rerunning his checks on the nearby craft. If they were using illegal technology to propel it, there might be more danger from the ship‘s weapons than he’d expected.
But there was no obvious immediate threat.
He turned back to Debois.
‘Let me know what your exact requirements are. Then we’ll just grow the ship to accommodate them.’
‘You’ll grow the ship?’
‘Yes. We’ll import the requisite matter; another advantage of TPI technology.’  
‘How does that work?’
‘Well, we keep most of our mass in the 17th Prime; there’s plenty of room there. It makes things much simpler in normal space where mass is always a factor.’ 
‘I see; it is always nice to have adequate storage space.’
He climbed from the chair and looked around.
‘OK. We’ll need a fully functioning canteen, a large bedroom with its own facilities and an excessively large heart shaped bed, a recreation room, decorated in pastel colours and with the minimum of exercise equipment. Oh, and can we have one of those 5 metre full feature holo screens, with full aromatic features?’
‘Whatever you want.’
There was an unnerving amount of groaning as the ship began to stretch and the temperature plummeted.
Debois shivered and wrapped his arms around himself.
‘It’s quite cold in the 17th Prime. Things will warm up soon.’
Debois sat back in the chair, bringing his knees to his chest and wrapping his arms around them for warmth.
‘What’s the plan, Captain? When do we leave?’
‘Just as soon as the modifications are complete. It won’t take long.’
‘Are we going after Number Two first?’
‘Not yet. Number Seven is more urgent and more convenient. He’s already many light years from us; the longer we delay the further he will be. We can catch him, but it would be wasteful to delay.’
‘But Number Two is destroying worlds.’
‘There are plenty of worlds.’
Debois gasped.
‘Surely you don’t mean that!’
Jack turned away and strode across what was now the bridge of his ship, through a long corridor into the canteen.
Debois had asked for it to be fully functioning. Well, it did have a kettle. 
 
Chapter 16
Julie didn’t want Jack to be an astronaut; he knew that. Just as she’d never wanted him to join the Air Force
Of course, she never actually said ‘don’t do it.’ That was not her style. But he knew as the same.
It was never what she’d signed up for. When she met him he was about to finish his physics degree, to go with the 1st class mathematics degree he’d achieved previously. A future of research and teaching seemed on the cards. 
With her degrees in English Lit and Art History, their careers in academia could link and match.
Then he told her he wanted to join the Air Force.
No matter how much he explained, she could never really understand why he’d made this sudden decision. And to her, it was sudden. He had never discussed his plans with anyone, not until the time was right for action. There was always a little hesitancy in him about sharing his hopes and wishes, even with Julie.
Perhaps a little warning would have helped, being able to share the decision making about what was going to be their future.
But it was too late for that when he made the announcement.   
So she let him go. There were no obvious tears as she told him it was over; that she wasn’t going to follow him around the world, from one base to another. She wanted her own career, her own life.
And, for 3 years, they were apart.
It seemed fine for both of them. He was busy, scoring record highs in all the tests he was subjected to. Learning to fly a string of more and more complicated planes. And he seemed to excel at everything he was asked to do.
She was busy too. Teaching teenagers who had much better things to do with their time. She persevered and felt she was achieving a measure of success. Whilst her pupils never actually read anything by Chaucer, Shakespeare or Shelley, at least they knew who they were.
Those 3 years passed for both of them, busy and without apparent distress, but they never dated anyone else.
They met again, apparently quite by chance, at a friend’s party. The years apart melted away and they were back together again.
It was summer, so she was on a long break and he seemed to be having an extended period of leave.
At first she didn’t ask too many questions; she was just happy that they were back together.
Then he told her that he was on leave awaiting a transfer to the US. He was going to join their astronaut training programme.
He was a little nervous, he told her, in case she reacted the same way she had last time.
But she simply took his hands in hers.
‘They have schools there, don’t they?’   
 
Chapter 17
When he intercepted the messages between Earth’s AI and Jack, Number Five was at first unsure what he should do. If Jack was allowed to land on Earth in a new cloned body, with his family, how would that affect himself and the other replicants?
They surely didn’t need the original to continue. In fact, that was their purpose, to carry on when Jack was gone.
Still, it was disturbing to think that Jack was giving up so easily.
Then he intercepted the message between the AI and the ship that had carried Debois to the rendezvous:
‘It you can, you must follow Russell’s ship, to ensure that he follows through with his side of the bargain. If he does not destroy all of the replicants, then it is your responsibility, Captain West, to make sure that the task is fulfilled. Your ship has the necessary firepower to ensure that, but you must not allow Russell to trick you into failure.’
‘And if we are unable to rescue Debois?’
‘He is well able to look after himself, but, if it comes to it, in the end he is dispensable.’
‘I fully understand and I will fulfill my duty to the utmost of my ability.’
‘Of course. That is why you were chosen.’
With the full explanation of the situation now open to him, Number Five had only one option. He had to stop Jack, before he destroyed all of the replicants.
And if that meant that Jack had to die; so be it.  
        

                        *   *   *      
 
‘You’d better strap yourself in. I’m going to switch off the AG in a moment. We have to reduce our mass as it impacts on our maneuverability as we alter course to leave the system.’
‘I see. No. You’ve lost me.’
‘We get our artificial gravity from the layer of heavy-mat covering our deck.’
Jack could see from the bemused look on Debois’s face that things were not getting any clearer.
‘Don’t you have heavy-mat?’
‘No, I don’t think we do. What is it?’
‘In traditional quantum theory, Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle refers to the position of quantum particles. But the same logic can also be used to reflect their state; so we are able to select for a heavier state. That is how our gravity is close to Earth’s; the mass of the thin layer of heavy-mat is equal to that of Earth. Which makes it a little challenging to accelerate or alter our course in real space.’   
‘I did wonder; it’s the smoothest AG I’ve come across.’
Straps had appeared on each side of his seat, so Debois was quick to make use of them.
‘How long will this take?’
‘A couple of minutes to change our course and get on the right heading, then half a day of acceleration to get to the closest safe jump off position, then we flicker.’
‘How long will it take once we flicker to reach our destination?’
‘There are factors outside our control, but it should be between 28 and 32 nano seconds.’
‘Oh. Quite fast then.’
Debois paused for a moment, checking his restraints.
‘What level of acceleration were you thinking of?’
‘What can you take? We need something close to 10 G to make the timeframe.’
Debois considered the question. 10 G for 12 hours would be punishing, though he could take it. It would put incredible strain on his genetically enhanced bone structure and his nano mechs would be working overtime, but there would be no permanent damage. There would be pain, and he could deal with that without any great problem. But there was more than just himself to think about. The crew of his ship would never be able to function under those conditions. 
’10 would be too much for me. I’d struggle at more than 5.’
‘OK. 5 it is then. It will double the time for our real space journey; it shouldn’t impact on our flicker time.’
‘I’ll need a proper acceleration couch.’
‘The seat will change before we start. Oh, I should have mentioned. I’ve disabled your ship; they won’t be following us.’ 
 
Chapter 18
Max couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw the gap in the schedule. The AI had really messed up this time, leaving a 24 hour gap between shift 21 and 22 was surely a mistake, and an expensive one at that.
He was trying to decide who he should tell when an idea sprang into his mind, fully formed.
What if? No, he couldn’t, could he?
Without giving it too much thought he flashcommed Sarah.
When he explained his idea she was hesitant at first. But it would be such fun.
‘Can you arrange it?’ She FC’d back.
‘Already done; we’re both now on shifts 21 and 22. I’ll need to fiddle with the programming of the transport controllers, but that’s straight forward. So, is it yes?’
‘Go on then. What shall I wear?’
‘Something optional I was thinking.’
Sarah and Max were part of the reconstruction crew who were preparing Five Little Fish for its historic voyage. A berth on board was their payment for their labours.
Within only a few weeks, they would be leaving their family and friends behind on Earth and setting off on this fabulous new adventure.    
They were just reaching the end of shift 21 on the habitat, waiting for the final bell.
Max was working on a little dell he’d taken weeks to develop. He had hoped for fjords, but the habitat wasn’t quite large enough for that. He was happy enough though, with what he had achieved so far. There would be a brook running through it when the acceleration phase was complete, for now, he had to make do with the channel he had dug across the low green hill.
He stood up straight and arched his aching back.
As ever the view amazed him. He was born on a dirt world, so he wasn’t used to the way the land curved away from him.  If he kept his head down, he could imagine he was in a shallow valley, anywhere on Earth. As he raised his eyes, however, the illusion vanished. For nowhere on Earth did the land rise and rise away from you, the way it did here. He was facing the north end of the habitat so the ground on his right and left climbed away from him in gentle curves that just didn’t stop, as they circled the inside of the cylinder that was Five Little Fish. They met 3 kilometres above his head, on the other side of the sun-strip; a thin strip of light that stretched along the length of the habitat. 
He felt a little dizzy, his subconscious mind asking him, if that’s the ground over there, where am I standing?
There were some clouds today but he could clearly see the narrow bands of cultivated land, brown and green alternating. There was a large circular gap in the pattern that would one day be a lake. Max was quite disappointed that he hadn’t been allowed to do the inlets.
He stepped onto the nearest retaining wall, one of hundreds of low barriers encircling the habitat to hold the soil in place during the drive phase. He began to run along the wall, his easy strides eating up the distance. After 5 minutes or so, he stopped and looked back.
The little dell he had started from was at eye level now, though the wall had appeared perfectly flat as he ran along it. That flatness was an illusion, he knew, but if you kept looking down, it seemed real enough.   
Five Little Fish was not a large habitat by today’s standards. But then its purpose was unique.
Originally a mid-sized asteroid, 5 kilometres in length and a little over 3 in diameter, its centre had been dug out to provide a secure living space for up to 40000 inhabitants. Unfortunately, they never had the chance to board their new home; instead they were forced to remain on the moribund world that Earth had become.
For that was all nearly 1000 years ago, before the catastrophic collapse of the Heaven’s Climb investment consortium resulted in a galaxy wide economic downturn that lasted for centuries. All seven of the habitats that were still under construction were mothballed to wait for the upturn that was so slow to come.
For dozens of generations, it seemed that The Fall would never end. 
Then, quite out of the blue, a small group of exploration zealots had bought the habitat for a pittance, and made plans for their great adventure.  
Now the latest drive engine was attached to its southern end; probably the largest single machine ever made. As its fuel, it would use the waste material dug out of the centre of the asteroid that hadn’t been sold off when the project was put on hold, and several thousand tons of additional new material that had been purchased at horrendous costs.   
For Five Little Fish would not be left in orbit around its mother planet as was usually the case. No, it was destined for a journey across the Universe, further than any human vehicle had ever gone. It would take many thousands of years, as its maximum speed was still only a fraction of the speed of light.
The noncrete lining was replaced, the soil and the biomass were laid down, the 20, 000 volunteers and lottery winners were chosen.
Even the dell was ready.
It was only a handful of weeks before the journey would begin.
The materials required to build the villages that would eventually be dotted about the lush landscape were stored at the southern pole, until after the acceleration phase. As specified by her work schedule, Sarah was working in that area, checking that everything was in order.
When the bell rang for shift end she simply put down her tablet, removed her holo-goggles and ran her hands through her short blond hair. Then she strolled along the meandering path to Max’s dell.
There they waited for everyone to leave.
Within minutes they had the world to themselves. 
The habitat was spinning around its axis, giving them Earth normal gravity. Above them shone the sun, a long narrow tube of brightness stretching from one pole to the other, 1.5 kilometres above the ground. The sun was programmed to dim to a faint glow for 9 hours in each 24 hour cycle.
As they skipped out of the dell, the sun was at its brightest.
As it was so warm and they were so absolutely alone, Sarah slipped from her work clothes without a word. Max reached for her but he was too slow, she was away in a sprint across the meadow. He paused for a moment to enjoy the view then he leapt after her. 
He would have caught up with her easily enough if they hadn’t both been brought to a shuddering halt as the alarm sounded. The claxons blared their fury across the empty habitat, echoing back and forward.
‘What is it?’ Sarah called back to him.
‘I don’t..’
He didn’t have to finish as a clear artificial voice broadcast its message across the habitat.
‘Alert. Alert. Acceleration is due to commence in 8 minutes from now. The habitat must be evacuated before that time. Alert. Alert. Acceleration…’ The voice repeated itself over and over.                      
Max retraced his steps and grabbed Sarah’s discarded clothes, then he raced back to her.
‘Quick. Its only 800 metres but we’d better hurry. We don’t want to be caught here when the acceleration starts.’
‘Why…Oh, of course.’
‘Yes, we don’t know how great the G will be but it’s likely to be close to 1 full Earth value, and we don’t to be here then, because this ground will feel as if it is vertical.’
They reached the southern wall of the habitat with a couple of minutes to spare. Sarah took the time to get dressed.
‘What do you think’s happened?’ She grunted as she struggled into her overalls.
‘I don’t know, but maybe that’s why there was the gap in the schedules, so this could happen. Is someone trying to steal the habitat? That doesn’t make any sense. Even if it accelerates as high as 2 G, it would take us ages to reach enough speed to have a chance of escaping recapture.’
The southern wall towered above them, a vertical disc 3 kilometres in diameter, ringed by the accommodation and storage facilities that would support the initial population of nearly 20000 young people during the proposed 5 year long drive phase. They would be a little cramped during that period; when the drive stopped, and the habitat was spun back up to 1 G, then they would be able to fill the whole habitat and have plenty of room, to live their lives and raise their families.
‘Sit on the ground and lean your back against the wall.’ Said Sarah.
‘Right.’ Said Max, doing just as she did. ‘We don’t know how quickly the Gs will ramp up but, really, it should take hours to make a big difference.’
‘We’ll be Okay though, won’t we?’
Max smiled. ‘Don’t worry we’ll soon be caught. Treat it as a trial run; we’ll probably be famous when we get back.’
The acceleration began slowly. At first there was a little pressure as the southern wall pushed against their backs. They felt a little queasy as their bodies became confused as to which way was down.
Max held his left hand out before him, his arm stretched. The centrifugal force was pulling his arm towards what he thought of as the ground. When he relaxed his arm it fell in an arch and thudded gently against the southern wall.
He tried again after 5 minutes and this time he noticed that it took slight more of an effort to push his hand out before him. When he relaxed the thud against the wall was no longer gentle.
He tried to do the maths, but he lacked the data. If it was accelerating this fast already, it wasn’t going to stop at 1G.      
Sarah was beside him, on her back against the southern wall, her bottom and legs on the ground. Or was she lay on her back on the noncrete ground with her bottom and legs leaning on the grass covered wall?
‘What shall we do? Do we just wait for it to stop?’ She reached her arm over to Max; it flopped against the southern wall.                   
‘I don’t know.’ Said Max, then he flipped on to his stomach, pushing himself up the wall until his feet were on the ground.
‘This is weird. I can feel my weight against the ground; it feels normal, like I’m standing, but it also feels as if I’m lying on the ground.’ He did a press up, then a few more. It wasn’t too hard, but it wasn’t easy.
‘I think it’s about 1 G now.’
He twisted and ended up with his back against the grass. He pushed his legs straight and was upright, standing on the southern wall.
‘Can you walk?’ Sarah hadn’t moved; she just stared at him. Her face was screwed up in concentration.
Max tried to move, to take a step. But he couldn’t pull himself away from the ground. He turned to his left and was able to shuffle along, pushing both hands against the ground, his body twisted.
‘We can’t stay here.’ Said Sarah. ’If the G gets any higher we won’t be able to move.’
She rolled over onto her front and aligned herself so that her feet were against the grass on what was now obviously the wall, and began to roll along the smooth noncrete of the ground.
Max tried to follow her, but her method was so much quicker than his. He lowered himself to the ground and copied her. He could see where she was going. 50 metres from them was the first of the utility buildings and they were in luck; it was the medical centre.
If their luck held they might find that it contained emergency medical stasis chambers where they would be safe until this ridiculous situation was resolved.
If they were not lucky, he was beginning to think they were going to be in serious trouble.
It was less than 30 minutes since the drive had started and the G was already past 1, maybe at 1.5.
He’d read the drive protocols and knew that the engine was set to reach 1 G over a period of 6 hours and it was programmed to go no higher without a manual over-ride . 
So he rolled as fast as he could after Sarah.
 
Chapter 19
‘Why did you disable my ship? It couldn’t do you any harm.’
‘I’m not sure that is entirely true.’ Jack was only half listening to Debois; he was busy checking system readiness for flicker. Everything should be optimum, but it didn’t hurt to check.
Debois paused in his adjustment of the straps on his acceleration couch and looked at the dark back before him,
‘What do you mean?’
‘You mini-flicked here; you had to. You couldn’t have got here so quickly any other way. An in system flicker; even I couldn’t do that. Well, I could, but not without disastrous consequences. Unpredictable effects to the orbits of anything within 200 million kilometres.’
‘We could already have been out here, waiting for you. We always knew you’d come back, you know?’
‘You’d be extremely lucky to be in the right place at the right time, on the possible 2 billion kilometres circumference I could have arrived at.’
‘What if there were dozens of us, just waiting for you?’  
‘There would have to be hundreds to make it statistically likely.’
‘OK. I give in. You’re right. We mini-flicked. It took us 2 days to launch and exceed the Moon’s orbit; then another 5 minutes and we were here.’
‘So, in answer to your original question, with that sort of technology, I couldn’t allow them to follow me. That was the plan, wasn’t it?’
‘Only so I’d have a change of clothes and access to a full range of hair and skin care products.’
Jack grunted and left the bridge.
Debois lay back in his acceleration couch. His hands shook as he fastened the buckles.


                                *   *   *  

Number Two rode the first ship to the planet’s only moon. A small, rocky, pock marked place that his fellow replicants would use up within the year
The other ships were going further of course. There were 6 rock worlds in this system; 3 were quite small, but the others were considerably larger than the first planet.
Quite enough to occupy Number Two and his replicants, in the medium term. After that, well, there were always the stars.
 
Chapter 20
Sarah reached the wall of the medical centre first. She groaned as she looked up at the door, 4 metres above her head as she lay on the ex-southern wall.
Without waiting for Max, she spread herself out against the wall/floor and began to crawl up towards the door. The 1 G centrifugal pull dragged at her, but the 1.5 G pressure from the wall gave her traction. She was already half way there when she heard Max grunting with effort just behind her. She didn’t stop to look, she kept on crawling.
The strike pad was on her side of the door, so she didn’t have to climb past the door. However, it was 1.5 metres above her, at a right angle to the wall she clung to. 
She couldn’t turn around for fear of falling to the ground 4 metres below. In exasperation she thumped the wall.
‘I can’t reach it!’ She gasped as Max drew level with her. ’It’s too far.’
Max tried to work out what they should do. They didn’t have much time; they were already at 1.75, he suspected.
‘Right, Sarah. This is what we’re going to do. I’m going to wrap an arm around you to hold you in place. Then you’re going to roll over on to your back and sit up. Then you’ll be able to reach the pad.’
‘No, I’ll fall.’ She protested.
‘No you won’t. Trust me, I won’t let you fall.’
She closed her eyes for a moment and pressed her forehead against the wall.
‘OK.’ She muttered, so quietly.
Max shuffled until his body was parallel to the 1 G ground with his legs spread and his right arm stretched out, splayed fingers gripping as best he could against the 1.75 G ground. He wrapped his left arm over Sarah’s narrow back.
‘Now.’ He whispered.
Without a word she twisted herself on to her back, yelping as she slipped a couple of centimetres.
‘I’ve got you.’  Max held her in place for a moment, then moved his arm down to the top of her thighs.
Sarah took a deep breath and began to sit up. She made it to nearly half way before she was dragged back by the unforgiving Gs.
On Earth, Sarah weighed just 50 kilos; around 30 of them would be above waist level. Sarah was quite good at sit-ups but, at 1.75 G, she was trying to lift more than 50 kilos.
‘That was the trial run.’ Whispered Max. ‘You’ll do it this time.’
Sarah knew she could do it. She could jerk her back off the wall and her stomach muscles could do the rest. But would she jerk her whole body off the wall?
She arched her back slightly, testing the strength of the pull. Then she jerked herself away from the wall, screaming as she felt herself slipping.
She barely noticed that her hand slapped the strike pad as she began to fall forward.
Max lunged towards the now open doorway as they began to slide down; he only just made it, with his fingertips.
They clung together for a moment, gathering their strength. Then they began to climb through the doorway.
 
Chapter 21
Max half laughed, half groaned as he collapsed on his back beside Sarah. They’d climbed through the doorway and rolled  a metre or so down to the bottom wall.
‘Where shall we look first?’ Asked Sarah, after a moment.
Max looked around the room; then he noticed something in the corner. ‘Oh no.’ He whispered, half to himself.
‘What’s wrong?’
‘I think this is just the reception area. We‘ll have to climb those stairs.’
Sarah lifted her heavy head and looked. They didn’t seem that steep. Under normal circumstances, she could have taken them 3 at a time. But now?
They were lucky that the stairs were against the wall they were leaning against. It would make the climb in 2 G a little easier.
‘You go first, I’ll catch you if you fall.’ Said Max.
‘If I fall I’ll flatten you. I must weigh over 100 kilos now.’
‘That means I weigh 150 then.’ Said Max, as they both began to roll towards the stairs.
The stairs were easier than they expected, though the left handrail was uncomfortable as it dug into their sides.
They were able to lean against the wall and take careful heavy steps, pulling themselves along the handrail. It was hard slow work and every straightened leg was a victory, but at last they made it to the next floor. 
They carefully lowered themselves to the floor for a moment’s rest before they continued, as always against the lower left hand wall.
‘It’s not going to stop is it?’
‘Well it will when the fuel runs out.’ Snapped Max, immediately regretting it. ’I mean we’ll soon be rescued. It’s been an hour now, there’ll be things in motion already.’
‘Even so, how bad can it get?’
‘We haven’t got time to be worrying about that. We need to find the stasis chambers while we can still move.’
They were in a long corridor with 8 doorways on each side. At the end of the corridor was another stairway. Max didn’t want to even think about that.
The room they wanted was the 3rd door on the right which meant they had to leave the safety of the wall and crawl up across the corridor, and drag themselves into the room.
Max gave a little cheer when he spotted the stasis chambers only a few metres away. But he’d already seen their next problem.
The chambers were 2 metres in length and, when closed, they were just a little over 1.75 metres high. With the lid opened, they would still have to climb over the 1.4 metres high edge.
He guessed that they were close to 3 G now: he wasn’t sure he could even stand, never mind climb.
‘Come on.’ He said and they began to crawl towards the chambers. They were slightly fortunate the chambers were aligned parallel to the bottom wall, which would help them when they tried to stand.
Sarah chuckled to herself. 
‘What?’
‘I must weigh 150 kilos now. I saw a picture of a girl once who weighed that much. How do I look?’
‘Great.’ Was all Max had the breath to say.
They were leaning against the base of the first chamber. For a moment they just sat there, their bodies bone weary from the relentless Gs.
Then, without a word, they turned and struggled to their knees.
Sarah leant her forehead against the cool side of the chamber.
‘Ready?’ Asked Max, raising his heavy arms to grasp the open edge of the chamber. With a mighty heave he pushed and pulled himself to his feet. For a second his knees refused to straighten, but at last he was upright.
He looked down at Sarah. She was slumped against the chamber watching him; he could see there were tears in her eyes.
‘Come on Girl.’ He said. ‘You’re fitter than me. You can do it.’
Slowly she lifted her arms and grabbed the edge of the chamber; she closed her eyes and he could see her knuckles whiten. With a groan she pulled against the 3 G weight crushing her to the ground and began to rise, her face red and her hair lank and sweaty.
She was half way to her feet, fighting for support with her rubbery weak legs, when Max put an arm around her waist and pulled her upright.
Together they leaned against the chamber, gasping for breath.
‘We’re not going to make it, are we?’ Whispered Sarah.
‘Of course we are. We’ve done the hard work just getting here. One more push, that’s all we need.’
‘One more push? I can’t even lift my leg!’
‘We can’t give in now. And we have to move now, before the Gs get any higher. Come on.’
He leant his shoulder against the chamber and cupped his hands together at knee level.
‘Just put your foot here and we’ll get you in.’
Sarah put one hand on his shoulder. ‘What about you? Who is going to help you?’
‘I’ll be OK.I don’t feel too bad and I’m taller than you. It won’t be so hard.’
‘But..’
‘Come on Sarah! We don’t have time to argue. Do it now!’
Leaning her shoulder against the chamber, she used both hands to drag her leg up so that she could put her foot in Max’s hands.
‘On the count of 3, right?’ Max braced himself.
‘1,2, 3!’  With both hands pulling on the edge of the chamber Sarah pushed against Max’s hands with all her might and her other foot left the ground.
Max so much wanted to keep his grip, to get her up into the chamber. But as soon as her supporting foot left the ground he felt his fingers slipping as he tried to hold her 160 kilo plus weight.
With one last effort he adjusted his grip so that his hands were gripping either side of her foot and heaved again. Then his foot slipped from under him and he heard something snap as he fell to the ground.
Sarah was left clinging to the chamber, her stomach over the edge, her heavy legs hanging down. 
‘Max!’ She cried. ‘Are you OK?’
Max lay on the ground below her. He wasn’t sure what was broken yet, but he wasn’t going to wait for the pain. 
‘I’m OK .’ he said. ‘Just a bit winded.’
He worked himself to a sitting position, his back against the chamber, Sarah’s feet a little ahead of him. When he moved he was informed of where the break was; in no uncertain terms. The pain threatened to overwhelm him. He was either going to be sick or pass out; or both.
‘Push against my hands.’ He said. ’Quick.’
He felt the weight against his hands and pushed. He almost cried in relief as he felt her feet rise and saw them disappear from view.
‘Close the chamber. It should switch on automatically.’
‘No I’ll wait for you, to be sure you’re safe.’
‘Do it now, just to make sure it works. If it doesn’t, we’ll have to think of something else.’
‘Are you sure you’ll be alright?’
‘The quicker you shut up and close the chamber, the quicker I can make myself safe.’
‘Okay. I guess I’ll see you when we’re rescued. Love you. ’
‘And you.’ Breathed Max, as he heard the lid of the chamber closing. He held his breath for a moment, then he felt the faint vibration of the chamber working.
He leant his head back against the chamber and let the tears flow.
After what seemed an age, they dried and he lay on his back, trying to find a more comfortable position under the 4 G pressure.
‘That’s 300 kilo I weigh now.’ He muttered to himself.
The pain in his knee was indescribable. He almost laughed to himself as he remembered to trigger his nanos. The relief was almost instantaneous.
The pressure on his chest was growing second by second. He was finding it hard to breathe. The nanos might help with the pain but they couldn’t breathe for him.
He guessed he must be at 8 or 9 G when he started to fall in and out of consciousness.
Very soon after that he blacked out completely.
The drive was at 10 G when the figure climbed the stairs, his movements effortless and smooth. He entered the room and bent over the unconscious man.
Straightening, he checked the chamber. Through the cloudy surface he could see the woman. Sure that it was in operation, he took a further moment to examine the other chamber; it also seemed to be fine.
He walked back to the man and picked him up gently in his dull black hands. 
 
Chapter 22
It would have been easy to step back into darkness when the lights of the lunar rover appeared on the near horizon, but Number Five didn’t move. He merely waited as the small vehicle glided towards him. When it was near, he raised one hand in greeting and the craft settled onto the dusty rock before him.
He could see that there were two passengers through the thick windscreen; one too many for his purposes. As he walked up to the rover, he disabled the communication antennas with a quick laser pulse, to ensure privacy.
The first person to exit the craft through its airlock was surplus to requirements, so he tossed him over his shoulder into the dark side, taking care to jerk him in such a way that his neck would be sure to be broken. Then he bent slightly and stepped into the airlock.    
        

                        *   *   *

Debois was feeling slightly nauseous.
He shouldn’t have been; his nanos were designed to protect him from the effects of the flicker. He’d been fine during the mini-flick that had carried him out to his rendezvous with Jack. But that had lasted only a fraction of a second; before his body knew that something was happening, it was already over.
He knew this flicker wouldn’t last much longer but, somehow his body understood the difference, and it was protesting.
He closed his eyes as soon as it began; he didn’t like the way the forward bulkhead was charging towards him. And light really shouldn’t be that colour, that grainy, that soupy. Even the ceiling was misbehaving; it was much closer than it should have been.
Then it was over and Debois was able to unfasten his straps and sit up, the slimy mess on his left shoulder beginning to dribble down to his chest.
‘Are we there yet?’ He asked as he dabbed at his shoulder with his handkerchief.
 Jack brought up the display on the forward bulkhead.
At first it was difficult to be sure what he was looking at, then the screen zoomed and he spotted the small rocky disc at its centre.
‘It looks a long way off. Shouldn’t we be chasing it?’
‘We don’t have to; it’s coming towards us. At close to 1.6 million kilometres per minute.’
‘What are we going to do? You can’t just wait for it to hit us.’
‘We’re going to accelerate until our speed matches the habitat.’
‘Can we even go that fast?’
‘Of course we can, it will just take us a couple of days of 100 G acceleration.’
‘But what about me? I can’t take that level of G.’
‘That’s a shame. You’ll have to ride it out in the stasis chamber the ship has just made for you, won’t you?’
‘Oh I love a joker.’ Laughed Debois as he slipped off the couch and walked to the narrow oval chamber next to the rear bulkhead . 
2 days later the ship’s speed was close to that of the habitat. As it rushed on at 10% of the speed of light, the habitat drew closer and closer behind it.
At last, with featherlike touch, the ship landed on the northern pole of the ex-astaroid.  
When he was released from the stasis chamber, Debois was almost giddy with excitement.
‘I’ve never been on a habitat.’ He enthused as he slipped from the chamber’s confines. ‘The views are supposed to be astounding.’
‘I wouldn’t expect too much.’ Said Jack as he closed the chamber.
‘You’re just an old grump.’ Debois muttered as he straightened his clothes.
‘I could do with fresh clothes and some blusher. And my hair must be such a mess. I don’t like meeting new people when I don’t look my best. ’   
‘I wouldn’t worry about that.’
Debois looked at Jack, then took a step closer.
‘Are you saying that I still look good, even in these circumstances.’
‘No, I’m saying you’re not going to meet anyone. And please step back.’
‘What do you mean? You’re taking me with you aren’t you? You can’t leave me behind. I’m Earth’s witness. I have..’
‘Calm down. You’re coming with me. It’s just that there will be no one to meet. The habitat is uninhabited.’
‘But..what happened to them? There must have been thousands of them; tens of thousands. You didn’t…’
‘I didn’t do anything to them. They …..missed it.’
Debois folded his arms over his stomach.
‘An explanation would be nice.’
‘Well, you might say I hijacked it. The habitat was built over a thousand years ago and I hid a replicant there; it seemed a good idea at the time. Then the programme was mothballed and Number Seven was left alone, which was fine.
‘When the new plan was put in place to make the habitat a self-propelling spaceship, I saw it as a good opportunity to place my replicant outside the realm of human interference. I wanted the habitat, but not the people.  He would be safe in the habitat, flying at high speed away from known occupied space. With people aboard, there was always the risk of meddling. I mean, what else would they have had to do?’
‘You didn’t kill them all?’
‘There was no need. I arranged the shifts to allow a 24 hour window where no-one was aboard the habitat. I used that time to override the programming of the engines and ramped up the drive as quickly as physically possible to 40 G, and kept it at that rate for about 3 months. Then the fuel ran out. By that time the speed was close to 10% of light speed. That was nearly 150 years ago.’  
‘If all the fuel has run out, how is it going to stop.’
‘Stopping wasn’t really a consideration.’
Debois frowned.
‘So it just goes on, forever.’
‘In case you didn’t get the email; that was the whole point of the replicants.’
‘But you’re prepared to stop them now? Despite all you’ve done to create, distribute and perpetuate them?’
‘If it’s the only way you’ll let me come back to Earth.’
‘In that case, shall we start?’
The ship had landed in the centre of the pole, over the docking station.
Within a couple of minutes they had cycled through the airlocks and were inside the habitat.
As they were at the centre of the north pole, gravity was virtually non-existent. Debois had to cling to the hand holds conveniently placed along the walls, ceiling and floor of the narrow corridor they found themselves in. Jack walked in a perfectly normal manner.
They came out onto an open landing, giving them a clear view along the length of the habitat.
Debois had seen many 2Ds and 3Ds of other habitats and they were always amazing. The designers seemed to be compelled to outdo each other in the complexity and beauty of their creations.
Not so much this one.
‘What have you done!’ He whispered; not expecting Jack to answer.
‘The design protocols didn’t meet my requirements. It wasn’t meant to accelerate the way I needed it to.’   
He leant over the rail next to Debois.
‘It was quite pleasant though, originally. Those narrow grey strips of bedrock, they were a mixture of green growing stuff and brown fallow land. There were lots of trees and you can just make out where the lake would have been. There were no animals yet, they were due to be brought in a little later. I was pleased about that. I didn’t want to hurt any animals.’
They looked across the length of the blighted land that was below, around and above them.
More than three quarters of the length was just rock, grey and dirty; banded by the concentric rings of the low restraining walls. They were designed to hold the soil and the biomass in place when the habitat’s spin was stopped and the 1 G drive was in operation.
They were no help against the 40 G assault that had been placed upon the habitat.
At the southern end they could see where the habitat’s living blanket had gone, forced and compacted against the southern wall; a broad green ring that dipped into a shallow hollow at the centre.
‘How do we get down there?’
‘There are lifts that will take us down to ground level. Or you could just fly. Your suit is equipped with little wings that will help you control your flight along the centre of the habitat, and you also have low velocity jets fitted. But watch out for the sun; you don’t want to get too close.’
Debois looked towards the sun, only 100 metres above their heads, then down at the brown grey, unappealing ground. 
‘You know, I don’t think I’ll bother.’ He said. 
 
Chapter 23
‘So where is he? Can you remember where you put him?’
‘Of course I remember. The shell of the habitat is nearly 100 metres thick. There is a small chamber near the southern pole, dug into the bedrock.’
They were in the lift; descending the 1.5 kilometres to ground level.  As they moved away from the centre of the habitat, their weight began to increase. Debois was happy that he was no longer in danger of bouncing around the lift. Jack made no comment.
‘Whilst we have nothing better to do, why don’t you tell me about the Primes? I know about them of course, but I’ve never really understood them. It’s not my field after all.’
‘TPI technology uses the springiness of the Prime boundaries to drive us to where we want to be. We don’t enter the Prime itself, not completely anyway. As you know, there are 17 Primes tightly wrapped and intermingled with each other, and up to 37 sub-Primes intertwined with them. I say up to 37 because the number is never static and can drop to much lower figures for reasons that are still something of a mystery. And in the centre of all these different realities is the Absence, where nothing can exist. Where even the strongest protective fields would be useless.’
‘Thanks for all that, but what is a Prime?’
‘It’s not an alternate reality, as some people suggest. They are completely separate realities, with different physical laws, where causality can be radically different, where the basic laws of our Prime do not apply. These are seriously strange places, and I’ve spent a lot of time travelling through them, not just to move about our Prime, but to explore and try to understand them.’
‘And how successful would you say you were?’
‘Well, I know how to survive in them, but that’s as far as it goes.’         
When they left the lift, they walked out on to a narrow path that led between the strips of dirty bedrock towards the south.
Debois wrinkled his nose.
‘Smells a bit.‘  He said, taking a step to one side to avoid one of the many puddles dotted over the path’s surface.
‘Where’s all this water from? Has it been raining?’
Before Jack could answer, there was a whirring sound and jets of water shot high into the air from sprinkler set at regular spaces in the visible bedrock.
‘There’s your answer.’ Said Jack, striding along, oblivious to the puddles he was splashing through.
Debois nodded as he looked around, mildly surprised that the irrigation system was still working after all this time. Then he scurried along to catch up with Jack.   
He knew that Jack could have flown down the length of the habitat in seconds, but for some reason he was prepared to take this slower route.
‘What is your plan when we get there?’
‘What do you mean?’ Responded Jack, his attention on their destination.
‘Do you have a way to disable the replicant? To destroy it? I can’t imagine it will be easy.’
‘You’re correct. I’m sure you would find it very difficult; if at all possible.’
‘But you can, can’t you?’
Jack stopped and turned him, a shook his head. Then he continued.
Debois sighed. ‘What are you planning to do then?’ He called after him as he raced to catch up. 
‘It’s quite simple Debois. I’m not going to disable or destroy him, I’m not going to try to harm him in any way. He’s going to come with us.’
‘That isn’t what was agreed!’
‘I didn’t agree to anything. Any agreement made was with my AI and even you suggested that it wasn’t necessarily a permanent situation. Consider it expired.’
‘But what do you hope to achieve? They won’t let you return to Earth, you must know that’
‘I know nothing of the sort. They want me to remove the threat the replicants pose to the known universe and this is how I’m going to do it.’
Debois stopped in his tracks.
‘This is ridiculous! I can’t allow it!’
With machine speed Jack’s hands gripped him by the shoulders, lifting him 3 metres into the air.
‘Don’t test me, man.’ He hissed. ‘You won’t live to see the result.’
Debois patted his hands helplessly against Jack’s unyielding arms.
‘Okay. Okay. This is getting out of hand. Just put me down and we can talk about it.’
‘There is nothing further to say.’
With surprising gentleness, Jack lowered him to the ground.
Then he marched off at a pace Debois wasn’t going to even try to match.
He shuddered as he watched him storm along the path. He didn’t like him when he was angry.
When he did catch up with him, he was standing still, close to the edge of the green mound of earth and vegetation that ringed the south pole.
At his feet was a rectangle in the rock, 3 metres by 2. 
The door opened without a sound, held by two black hinges.
Without waiting for an invitation, a creature stepped up and out. Its dull black skin seemed to evade the light. In very much the same way as Jack’s did. There were surely differences between the two, but on cursory inspection, they seemed identical.
‘This is Number Seven.’ Said Jack, simply.
‘Aren’t you going to introduce me?’ Asked Debois, trying not to pout.
‘He already knows who you are. We’ve been in communication since we entered the habitat.’
‘Oh. I see. Good to know.’ 
Number Seven ignored Debois and turned towards the south pole. For a moment he appeared to study it, then he strode across the rough rock.
‘What’s he up?’ Asked Debois.
‘It seems he has a…project.’
‘A project? Shouldn’t we be going now? We should be catching up with Number Two, before it’s too late.’
‘Don’t worry yourself. There’s no rush.’
‘No rush! It’s eating..’ Debois stopped himself; he hadn’t liked Jack’s previous reaction to that statement.
They watched Number Seven in silence. He seemed to be studying a particular section of the hill before him.
‘You don’t have a shovel on you do you? I think he’s going to need one.’
Debois ignored the question.
In a flurry of scooping arms, Number Seven began to dig, throwing great chunks of earth over his shoulders; his absolute silence slightly disturbing to Debois.
He stepped back a little, not wanting his boring, quite out of fashion, space suit made even dirtier.
Within only a few seconds Number Seven was out of sight deep into the hill. All they could see were sods of grass- bound earth flying out of the tunnel he had dug.
Then the earth stopped and the crashing began.
‘Time for us to follow him, I think.’ Said Jack, his actions matching his words.
Debois skipped after him, anxious not to miss the excitement.
At the end of the tunnel were the remains of a noncrete wall. Debois wasn’t sure if the state of the wall was due to the 40 G pressure, or simply Number Seven’s hands.
Behind the wall was a chamber which they could see was still in drive configuration. The reception desk was several metres above their heads and the stairway they could see would have required the skills of an acrobat.
Number Seven didn’t make use of the stairs; he simply floated towards what had been the ceiling and ripped his way through.
Debois was quite surprised when Jack slipped his hands under his armpits and lifted him into the air to follow Number Seven.
They found themselves standing on the wall of a long room, with 2 grimy looking stasis chambers just above their heads.
Jack lifted him up to see their contents.
Debois scraped away the dirt and was able to see a beautiful young woman suspended in her frozen moment of time, unchanged by the passing century and a half.
The other chamber contained an equally beautiful young man, a frown still etched on his perfect features.
‘Are they still alive?’ He whispered. The moment seemed to require a whisper.             
‘The chambers seem to be in working order but we won’t really know until we open the chambers. Apparently the boy was alive but injured when Number Seven put him in the chamber, so he should be OK. The girl was already in the chamber.’
‘Number Seven put the boy in the chamber? He rescued him?’
Debois twisted and looked at jack.
‘Perhaps somewhere deep inside you there is also a hero.’
‘Number Seven wasn’t being a hero. It cost him nothing to save him. And there was no risk involved. I believe to be a hero, you have to take a risk.’
‘No, I can see you as a hero; dashing here and there saving damsels; and pageboys.’
Jack made a quite articulate grunt and dropped him to the ground.
The girl was released first. In stasis you are not asleep; time has merely stopped for you. Therefore you are as alert when it is switched off as you were when it was first put into operation.
‘Max!’ She called, sitting up and trying to climb out of the chamber. Number Seven stopped her from falling.
‘Who are you?’ She grunted, struggling against his unyielding arms. ’You’d better let me go.’
‘My friend is trying to help you young lady. There is no need to be distraught.’ Debois decided he should take control of the situation. ‘Your friend will be released as soon as you are safe.’
‘Well, see that he is.’ She looked around at the 2 tall dull black creatures and the plump guy in the too tight spacesuit.
‘What’s going on here? Did you steal the habitat? You’re in so much trouble. You wouldn’t believe it.’
Jack and Number Seven carried them out of building and through the tunnel.
‘We’ll go back for your colleague.’ Said Jack, and did just that.
‘What have you done?’ Sarah was staring at the remains of the world she had worked so hard to create.
‘You’ve ruined it!’
‘It wasn’t me! I just got here!’ Debois could hear the whine in his voice.      
Then there was a noise behind and they turned to see Number Seven carrying out the young man.
He looked a little pale and he was obviously in some pain, but his face lit up when he saw Sarah.
‘Sarah! You’re OK!’
Sarah dashed towards him and wrapped her arms around him. Number Seven bent a little to make it easier.
‘What are you crying for?’ Teased Max, returning the hug.
‘I’m just so happy we made it.  I didn’t think we would. And I was so worried you wouldn’t be able to get in to the chamber on your own.’
Number Seven lowered Max gently to the ground, with Sarah still clinging to him.
‘What’s wrong with your leg?’
‘I broke it, I think. Just before you got into the chamber.’
‘Then how did you get in to your chamber, with a broken leg? It’s not possible.’
‘I don’t know. I passed out, on the floor.’
‘I think you had a little help.’ Said Debois, nodding towards Number Seven.
Max looked up at the figure towering above him.
‘Thanks for saving us.’ He said, simply. There was no response.
‘Who are you people? And what’s going on?’ Asked Sarah. 
‘Let me introduce us. On your left is Lieutenant John Russell (discharged – grounds not relevant at this moment), on your right is one of his replicants, who it seems goes by the name of Number Seven. And I of course am Michelle Debois The 43rd, Earth’s emissary on this mission and I am so pleased to make your acquaintance.’ There was a complicated little bow/ curtsey involved.       
‘This is Sarah Downes and I am Max Jennings.’ Max said after hesitating to see if Sarah would speak first. ’Oh and thanks for rescuing us.’  
‘You’re very welcome. Now it’s time for us to think about leaving.’
He moved his leg a little, carefully.
‘I think my nanos have almost fixed my leg. It doesn’t hurt too much to move. I might be able to stand up, with a little help.’
Sarah helped him to his feet. He took a couple of hesitant steps, his arm across her narrow shoulders; her arm around his waist.
‘I think I’ll be Okay.’ He said. They kept their arms around each other.
 ‘Where are you taking us?’ Asked Sarah, letting go of Max with one hand, to pull a strand of hair behind her ear.
Debois looked at Jack.
‘What is the plan here, Jack? What are we going to do with them?’
‘I don’t have any plans for them. But Number Seven seems to have a strangely soft spot for them. If we can help them without interfering with our plans, I don’t suppose it would be a problem.’
‘So.’ Said Debois, turning back to the couple, so delightful in their youthful earnest trust. ‘You have a choice. You can come with us as we flit about, saving the universe. Or you can stay here.’
Max and Sarah looked at each other. They didn’t have to speak. Yesterday, subjectively, the idea of being on their own on this beautiful world had seemed idyllic; for a day. But now, on this decimated world, forever? It didn’t seem such an attractive proposition.
‘We’ll come with you.’ He said, hugging Sarah.
‘Perhaps we’ll find a suitable place on our journey to drop you off. Somewhere with people, where you will be safe.’
He turned to Jack.
‘Is there likely to be such a place, on our route? I’m guessing you won’t want to deviate from your original plan.’
Jack considered the worlds they were due to visit and declined to answer the question.
 

Chapter 24
Technician 2nd class Lewis was one of less than 100 people who were currently on the Moon, investigating the possibility of reclaiming some of the material left behind when war struck. No-one was yet ready to return to the moon permanently, to be so isolated in case of future aggression. But there were treasures just waiting to be found.
He was more than a little surprised when he spotted the big black guy on this side of the dark side boundary line, and he wasn’t made any less nervous when he started waving at them.   
He wanted to drive on; no-one should have been there, and where did he get such a strange spacesuit? But Technician 1st class Morgan was in charge and he said they had to stop. So they did.
Morgan told him to stay where he was whilst he investigated, and squeezed into the airlock. On his own, Lewis decided that he should radio this in, then he found that the radio wasn’t working. That had him really worried; it was an essential piece of equipment out here and was filled with multiple redundant systems to ensure that it would never fail. Now it had; and it felt like it was more than a coincidence.
Then the big guy pulled himself through the airlock door and sat down in Morgan’s seat. Lewis looked up at him, hearing the chair groan under his weight.
‘Where is Morgan?’ he asked, his voice breaking.
‘Drive.’ Was the response.
‘We have to wait for Morg…’
‘Just drive. He won’t be coming back with us.’ The voice was a little metallic, and there was something off with the phrasing, but his meaning was clear, and Lewis was not about to argue.
They had been driving for an hour or so and the ship was only a few kilometres over the horizon, when Lewis was ordered to stop by his unwelcome passenger.
The narrow spike that was rammed through his skull and deep into his brain hardly left a trace, hidden by his thick hair. It didn’t kill him, though there was some degradation in his ability to remember, and things would never smell quite the same again. But his motor functions were in full working order and he was able to restart the rover and continue his journey, every action controlled by the AI now residing in his head.

                         *   *   *

Back In the ship, Debois felt a little unsettled by the presence of 2 Jacks. He would find himself about to talk to the original and then realise that it was the copy.
‘Couldn’t he wear a banner or something, to show he’s a copy? It would make thinks simpler, don’t you think? And can you get him to talk? This silent act is spooking me.’
‘It’s not an act. He simply has nothing he wishes to say to you. It’s a novel idea, but you might like to try it out; see how it feels.’
‘What ever do you mean?’
‘Talking only when you’ve got something to say. It might catch on.‘
Debois sauntered closer to Jack and put one hand on his chest.
‘You can be so hurtful sometimes. But I know you don’t mean it.’
‘In any case, we have more important things to consider.’ Said Jack, pushing his hand away.
‘What to do with the habitat and what our next step is going to be?’
‘That’s more or less right. Although I already know what I’m going to do with the habitat.’
‘And what’s that?’
‘You might call it insurance.’
‘Now you’ve got me intrigued.’
‘At this stage there’s no need for you to know anymore. When the time is right, I’ll tell you.’
‘But…’ Debois stopped. Somehow he knew that Jack was no longer listening.
Jack was checking on the TPI drive that was being fitted to the outside of the southern pole of the habitat. The ship was using drones to do the heavy work and the task was well under way.
Another day and it would be ready. 
The habitat’s mass wasn’t a problem, though its size was. The field generated by the TPI wasn’t designed for such are large body, but hopefully the ship’s ad hoc modifications would work.
Five Little Fish was travelling at 1.6 million kilometres per minute, heading in the direction of the universe’s boundary. Even at this speed and after a journey of millions of years, it would never have actually reached its destination. The gravity of the universe was such that the little world’s trajectory was curved and it would have ended up orbiting the universe, never able to reach escape velocity.
With the TPI drive in operation, the habitat could flicker in and out of real space, skipping across the unimaginable distances like a stone across a flat lake. Its real space speed would be undiminished, but each flicker would take it across significant fractions of degrees around the universe’s circumference.
After thousands of flickers it would arrive back in real space for the last time, having circumnavigated the universe.
It would arrive back close to where it had started its journey. To be more precise, it would arrive slightly more than 78 trillion kilometres from Earth.
Its velocity would still be 1.6 kilometres per second and its course would be such that in almost exactly 100 years, it would collide with Earth. 
 
Chapter 25
‘Are you really The Jack Russell?’ Asked Max.
‘I’m certainly a Jack Russell.’
‘But you know what I mean. Jack Russell, from ancient Earth. Operation Sunshade and the Slobs; we did it all in history.’
‘Actually it was Sunblind, and I don’t appreciate the abbreviation of such a rare and special species’ name.’
Jack took a step closer to Max.
‘Their correct name was Jeuroespylobnonyen.’ During the second and third syllables he waved his hands up and down before him; for the penultimate syllable he hugged Max to his chest.
For a second Max fought for air, then he was released and dropped into Debois’ chair.
‘The hug is sort of an accent; without it the name becomes an insult. Of course I only used about 10% of the required force, so it would still have caused some offence. And one thing you don’t want to do is offend a J-Yen.’
‘J-Yen?’
‘That is the only acceptable abbreviation; to me.’     
‘Okay. Sorry. Can you tell me about the J-Yen? They haven’t been seen for such a long time.’
‘They were inveterate travellers. They are still out there; exploring and trading. But you are right, they have left human space far behind them. And it is our loss.’
‘Tell me about them, please. ‘
‘They came to Earth in the summer of 2042; well it was summer in the old US. They came in a single ship, that settled into an orbit that brought it over the US capital twice a day.
‘Of course we knew they were coming; the ship was detected well before it passed through the asteroid belt, and armed ships were in place in plenty of time before they arrived.’
‘Did they fire on the J-Yen ship?’ 
‘There was some action, but the J-Yen simply ignored them. That’s one of the things about the J-Yen, it can be quite hard sometimes to get their attention. They have incredible focus.
‘So they ignored the warships and sent a landing craft to drop into the lawn opposite the Whitehouse in Washington; just like in all the old SF films I used to watch.
‘They were surrounded by soldiers and tanks, and helicopter gunships buzzed all around and, of course the world’s media was agog to record the historic meeting.
‘The US President waited; can you believe it was another Bush! He waited for a week, but nothing happened. In the second week he pulled the army back and reduced the presence of the heavy machines, to see if that would entice the aliens out.
‘But it didn’t work so, at the end of that week, we watched the VP stride out of the Whitehouse’s main entrance and make his way towards the ship, his steps dignified, his expression serious. I think he was hoping this would get him the next presidential nomination.
‘This time, the J-Yen did react. Steps were lowered and he climbed them in a statesmanlike way. When he reached the top, he paused and turned towards the cameras. He gave a simple nod and entered the large round doorway before him. And he was never seen again.’
 
Chapter 26
Jack had been released from prison for six months when the aliens arrived. He’d served 20 years of his sentence and was now on parole, helping Hominids R Us with their research.
They’d replaced his aging original body with a new lightweight flexible version and they kept adding new features for him to try out.
Like everyone else he was glued to his screens, waiting to see what was going to happen.
In addition to working with Hominids R Us, he was working with Pips, an offshoot of the mighty Apple Corporation. They had brought out the first hi-tech behind the ear device, feeding into contact lenses that gave full 3D images, the I-Iphone. This was soon followed by the first subcutaneous device, the Iplant.
So Jack now had a powerful computer in his head, directly linked to his brain, that enabled him to manage all of his body’s systems and keep in contract with the new NetWeb.
He watched the VP enter the ship and saw the hesitations, ineffectual bluffs and even more ineffectual bombardments that resulted.
It was quite a few months before they finally called him.
The man he met was wearing civilian clothes, but there was something military about the way he held himself.
‘Russell. Mr. Russell. We appreciate you accepting our invitation. This is an opportunity for you to make redress for your crimes.’
‘I’ve spent the past 20 years in prison, so I’ve paid for those crimes.’
The man leant forward in his seat, his elbows on the polished mahogany desk.
‘That hardly suffices, in my opinion. The fact that you are even alive offends me, and all other right thinking Americans. And I’m going to make use of you in that fancy suit or whatever you may call it. You’re going to do this for your world; for mankind.’
Jack’s body wasn’t really designed to shrug but somehow he conveyed the message.
‘It is critical that we deal with these Aliens. And it has to be soon. It just ridiculous, having them sat on the White House lawn and not talking to us. We’ve done everything we could to open up an effective form of communications with the aliens. We’ve sent several others into the ship, after the VP. But all with the same result.
‘They speak American well enough for us to sort of understand them, and they keep saying we are insulting them; that the substandard representatives are too weak to sustain conversation with them. They won’t explain any further what that means.’
‘So, what do you want me for?’
‘I would have thought that was obvious. We want you to go in there and find out what they want.’
Chapter 27
Sarah was a little bored.
Max was talking to one of the big creeps who had sort of rescued them. She wasn’t sure how grateful she was supposed to be, because she suspected that they had something to do with the whole disaster in the first place.
So she wondered around the ship, hoping to see something that was interesting. There was nothing much on the deck level, just lots of big rooms with very little in them.
She found the stairs to the lower level and began to descend them. As her head dropped below deck level her stomach flipped and suddenly she was supporting herself on her arms, her feet braced against the walls on either side of her.
Somehow, down was now up.
With an acrobatic twist she stepped out on to what should have been the ceiling but which was now the floor. She forgot about the strange gravitational occurrence when she spotted the 4 stasis chambers.
3 of them were standard human sized devices. The 4th was much larger. When she approached it, she was disappointed that there was nothing to see; the lid was completely opaque. With her hand on its side, she could feel a low steady hum.
She swiftly moved to examine the other 3.
At each one, she brushed away the dust and ice covering the viewing plates and checked the contents. Then she would move on to the next one.    
When she had studied all three she stepped back, a little saddened, but hardly surprised.
They were all empty.   


                  *   *   *

As he stood at the top of the steps, waiting for the door to open, Jack felt a little nervous.
The last 4 people to attempt this had failed to return. 
He knew, from messages sent by those earlier representatives, that he would be met in a large oval chamber, filled with a cloudy corrosive liquid that would eat through his additional outer protective layers within a couple of hours. How long his own plasti-metal skin would hold out, was a matter of conjecture.
He was hoping it wouldn’t come to that. He already carried internally the small amount of oxygen required by what was left of his brain, so he was planning to stay well within the 2 hour limit.
 The door slid soundlessly open and he stepped into the chamber. There was no opportunity to wave to the expectant crowd as the alien ship had been covered by a large white tent weeks earlier, to cover up any further embarrassment.
The chamber began to fill with light green liquid that appeared a little more viscous than water and frothed at his feet. He had no sense of smell, which he guessed was probably quite a good thing at the moment.
When the chamber was full he stepped towards the inner door, feeling quite buoyant in the treacle-like liquid. With the inner door open, he was able to step into the large open area he had seen in previous recordings.
Unfortunately this was when those recordings stopped, as the camera lenses failed, so he had no warning of what he was about to be presented with.
Gliding towards him was a great white creature, with a large round body easily twice as high as he was, and a selection of tentacles of various lengths and thicknesses.
The creature possessed two plate sized eyes in the centre of its body, with 2 much smaller eyes located between them, just above and below. There was some sort of mouth below the eyes, protected by a fringe of mini tentacles.
Its body was pale and bloodless but covered in a network of thick, ropy veins. There was no noticeable head.
As it moved towards him, it stretched out 2 of its largest tentacles.
Jack resisted the urge to flinch as they clung to him, the great suckers holding him in an unbreakable grip. He heard a voice in his head, whispering.
 ’Greetings.’ It said, the voice both guttural and sibilant. ‘We are so pleased to meet you.’
By way of emphasis, the pressure on his body jumped at ‘so’ and ‘you’.
Jack didn’t think his body could withstand much more of a welcome.
‘Thank you for your kind welcome.’ He said, his electronic voice loud in the thick liquid. He didn’t know where the inspiration came from but he gave the tentacles a big squeeze at ‘you’ and ‘welcome’.
‘You are the fifth human to attempt negotiation, but only the first who did not cause insult when they were greeted.’
‘Insult?’ Jack wasn’t sure of the squeezing protocol for single word questions so he hugged the tentacles just in case.
‘They expired.’ There was a ripple along 1 tentacle. Regret? Annoyance?
‘Your English is very good.’
‘English? I believed we were speaking American.’ That ripple again.
‘They are almost the same.’ Jack noted that the creature was in fact speaking with something of a southern drawl.
‘I see that English was the original of the 2, so we should adopt that as our chosen method of discourse.’ Jack wasn’t sure but he thought he detected something of the Geordie now.
The ensuing conversation was quite drawn out and seemed to take an age to get anywhere but, as he approached his 2 hour limit, Jack was fairly confident that he knew what the Jeuroespylobnonyen wanted. The name had taken 20 minutes in itself to determine. 
The goodbyes were even more extreme than the welcomes and Jack was sure he’d incurred serious damage to his supporting framework. A quick visit to Hominids R Us was in order.
Before that he had to be debriefed, after he had been thoroughly hosed down.
It was the same guy who had interviewed him earlier. Accompanied by 2 others who wore uniforms festooned with ribbons of every possible colour.
‘What do they want?’ Nicely to the point, no need for niceties.
‘It’s quite strange, really. Where they come from, and I’m not going to try to pronounce the name, they don’t have music in the way we do. The music they do have is generally atonal, lasts for several hours and doesn’t have words. They never invented the combination of lyrics with music.’
‘That’s all very fine but, what do they actually want?’
‘Well, have you heard of Debbie Winters?’
There were blank looks from the civilian and one of the soldiers; the other looked as if he might know, but was too embarrassed to admit it.
‘Well, the Jeuroespylobnonyen have. She’s the latest Australian singing sensation. They want her to record vocals over a series of tracks they have of their own music. They think they’ll make a fortune when they get home.’
‘So they are not a military force, or even representatives of their government?’
‘No, they are traders, exploring the universe to make a buck.’
‘But that’s ridiculous!’
‘It’s how the west was won.’
‘And what do they offer in return for these songs?’
‘Well, that’s a problem, I think. They have a little statue they think is quite valuable back home, and some rocks.’
‘What about their advanced technology? Surely they can teach us so much that will be of great value to us.’
‘You’d think so, but no. As I said, they are just traders. They don’t understand the technology they are using, any more than a door to door vacuum cleaner salesman really understands the internal combustion engine that drives his car.’
‘Can’t we retro..oh, what’s the word? Retro-engineer.’
‘I don’t think they will allow us to interfere with their ship, if that’s what you’re thinking.’   
‘Can they stop us?’ This was one of the soldiers.
Jack turned to him. ‘They may not understand their advanced technologies, but they certainly know how to use them. So, yes is the answer to your question.’ Jack paused for a second, then finished with a dismissive ‘Sir’.
‘What about more cultural gifts. Is there anything they can offer in that respect?’ Said the civilian, his posture suggesting that he was eager to get somewhere today.
‘Not really, it’s not actually their thing. They have offered to help with the Mars Project if that’s of any use. They seem to know that the project has been beset by delays over the years.’
‘In what way will they help us?’
‘They’ll give us a lift. They are quite happy to drop us off on their way home.’
‘Well, that seems something worthwhile at least. Does anyone know how to contact this Debbie…?’
‘Winters.’ Said the soldier who had not previously spoken. ‘She’s in Washington this weekend as part of her world tour, Eucalyptus Leaves. Her agent is Dan Matthews.’
The other soldier was looking at him with puzzlement on his face.    
‘My daughter is a big fan. We have all of her 3DDs.’
‘In that case, can I leave it to you to make contact? I’m not sure what sort of budget we’d have for any of this, so you will have to persuade her that it is her duty as an American to do this for free.’
The civilian was already sat back in his chair, gathering his paperwork together.
‘She’s not American.’  Interjected Jack. ‘She’s Australian.’
The civilian frowned.
‘Of course. You did mention that. After that Great Barrier Reef incident, she’s not going to want to help us Americans, though it wasn’t really our fault. Perhaps you should ask her?’
‘She won’t listen to me, I’m English. We backed you up on the GBR fiasco  ’
‘It wasn’t a fiasco, it was an incident. Anyway I see what you mean. In that case, does anyone know any Canadians?’

Chapter 28

Jack waited patiently for the door to open. He was feeling quite relaxed and everything seemed to be going to plan.
In his shoulder bag were the discs containing Miss Winter’s contribution to interstellar harmony, though, having endured the hours long performances, Jack was not sure if that was the correct word to use.
It would have been nice to turn at the top of the steps and take his last look at the World, but they were still inside a tent, so all there was to see was dirty white canvass and a bunch of inadequately armed soldiers.
Jack had few regrets about leaving a world that didn’t really want him. He had his work at Hominids R Us, but no-one there wanted anything other than a professional relationship with him. Outside of work, he was shunned even by the socially inadequate scientists and engineers that worked with him. And of course, romance was always going to be a bit of an issue for him. 
Since his release, he’d felt that he was on something of a tangent; always 3 degrees off where everyone else was. It wasn’t hell, but he might live for another 100 years, even more if he believed what he was told by Hominids R Us. If that was the case, he simply had to leave.
Desert islands are few and far between these days so, when the idea began to grow in his minds as he talked to the J-Yen, it wasn’t a hard decision to make.
He didn’t look back as the door opened, he simply stepped through and faced the inner door.
He was greeted with a welcoming, bone crushing hug as he entered the large chamber. It could have been the same J-Yen as before but, equally it could have been a different one.
The creature led him through the chamber and along a wide corridor, to a small airlock. When he’d cycled through, Jack found himself in a small room, filled with air and with a distinct lack of nasty green liquid to eat through his body.
In addition to the room, they had also prepared for him a brand new, green resistant body in a fetching shade of dull black.
Jack smiled inwardly at the lies he’d told to the civilian and his military friends. The trade was just so simple; Debbie Winter’s dulcet tones in exchange for free passage for him to anywhere in the local universe he might want to visit.
He would have been a fool to pass up such an opportunity.


                          *   *   *             

When he saw the ship, Number Five was more than a little disappointed. It was a fairly basic transporter, with very little in the way of advanced features, designed only for the short hop between Earth and the Moon. It wouldn’t do at all.
So he had to have Lewis and his friends, all so co-operative, scour the remains of the once thriving lunar community for the raw material he would need to complete his two projects.
Firstly, he had to have a ship with a performance envelope that far exceeded the craft he was starting out with. And of course it would need a TPI drive.
Secondly, if he was going to face up to Jack, he couldn’t do it in person. He was hardwired to be at Jack’s mercy; with a single thought, Jack could switch him to remote mode and control him in very much the same way he himself was controlling Lewis and the others. So he needed to create a new model, one without the override function; he had to make Number Five: Mk II.
 
Chapter 29
‘Where to next?’ Debois was lounging in a chaise long he had persuaded the ship to extrude. He was wearing a bright red tunic and black tights that emphasised his surprisingly trim legs. All courtesy of the ship.   
 ‘You’ll be pleased to know our next visit will be to Number Two. He’s the closest to us.’
‘At last! And what will you do with him? Will you bring him on board, or do you have some other devilish plan?’
‘No, nothing devilish. He’ll come on board just as Number Seven did.’
‘What about the replicants? You can’t leave them there.’
‘They’re not my problem. The agreement was to remove any threat from the seven replicants; the seven original replicants. That is what I am doing.’
‘But surely the spirit of the agreement prevails here. Not to leave copies of yourself at large to disrupt the smooth running of the human universe.’
‘I prefer to abide by the letter of the agreement; it was your idea after all. Anyway, they will be fairly harmless from now on. When I’ve instructed them, they’ll do no more harm. Trust me.’
‘I have no intention of trusting you on this, Jack. And neither will Earth’s AI. They won’t allow you to return to Earth if you don’t deal with this problem.’
‘What do you expect me to do? There are billions of them. I couldn’t destroy them all if I tried.’
‘Fortunately we’ve thought of that. If you check your AI’s inbox, you’ll find a little present I left there earlier. It’s a quite delightful virus you can infect them with. Their bodies will overheat in seconds and the part of them that is really you will simply cook.’
‘You can’t expect me to do that, and Number Two wouldn’t let me.’
‘Which is why he must be your first victim.’
In the unnerving way he had adopted recently, Jack flipped to another topic.
‘We need to bleed speed before we start our next flicker. The solar system we will arrive in is quite crowded and I don’t want to arrive at this speed.’
‘That means the stasis chamber again, I suppose.’
‘Of course. Get the kids will you?’
‘I think they are having an intimate moment.’ Debois slid off the chaise long in what could have passed as an elegant move only in complete darkness. ‘I’ll fetch them some tissues.’
Jack watched him go. Slowly he shook his head; he wasn’t going to allow Debois anywhere near Number Two. Not now that his plan was beginning to develop.
Chapter 30
‘Change of plan.’ Announced Jack as he opened Debois’s stasis chamber. ‘We are going to find Number One.’
‘Oh. I see. Why the change?’
‘It just seems a better idea at the moment.’
‘But what about Number Two? You really can’t keep putting off dealing with him. You know that Jack.’
‘Still, it’s Number One next.’
‘And where is Number One?’
Jack brought up a 3D display showing a blue and white world. There was one massive continent visible, straddling the equator. The poles were tiny caps of ice and the rest of the world was a dark green mass of water.
‘He’s down there.’ Said Jack, simply. 
Several hours later, Jack herded his passengers on to the flight deck.
‘We’re going to have to shrink the ship before we can adjust to our atmospheric flight configuration. It’s going to get a little cramped with so many unexpected passengers.’
Two additional acceleration couches were extruded from the deck, beside the one already occupied by Debois.
‘They are very comfortable. ‘ Debois smiled as Sarah and Max joined him.
Jack took up his place at the forward bulkhead. Number Seven positioned himself at the rear bulkhead; silent as ever.
As the ship transferred its unnecessary mass to the 17th Prime, everyone got much closer than they were entirely comfortable with. Jack kept the video display open, so they were able to watch their approach to the watery world below them.
‘Does it have a name?’ asked Sarah as she reached out one hand to touch Max.
‘It doesn’t have a human name, as no-one else has been here. There are intelligent creatures here but I didn’t bother to ask them the last time I was here.’
‘Let’s think of a name.’ Said Debois. ‘I’ve never named a world before.’
‘It hardly seems necessary. We’re not going to be there very long, if things work out as they should.’
‘Don’t be a spoilsport. I’m going to call it Turquoise.’
‘Surely it’s more blue.’ Said Jack, getting involved despite himself.
‘Or green.’ Said Sarah.
‘No, it’s turquoise. Trust me; I have a good eye for colour. So, welcome to Turquoise every one.’
There was silence then on deck as the little ship began to jerk and jump, buffeted by the onrushing atmosphere.

                  *   *   *
The night Ben was born, Sarah called Jack away from work early, thinking she was due to start.
By the time he reached home, however, things had calmed down and it looked as though it was a false alarm. Ben wasn’t due for a couple of days yet, but they were so ready for him. His name, his bedroom, his first outfits, his cute little mobile; they were all waiting for the little fellow to arrive.
The first contractions started just as Sarah’s favourite soap began.
‘It’s only 30 minutes.’ She winced. ‘I want to see how Jeff and Simone get on, and you know Brian won’t be happy.’
‘I could tape it.’ Said Jack, already half into his coat.
‘No. These things take hours. It probably won’t be ‘til tomorrow, anyway. There’s no need to rush.’
An hour later, they were in a side room off the maternity ward. Jack had barely sat down when the midwife came in to have a look at Sarah.
‘I think she’s about ready.’ She said after a quick intimate inspection. ‘I’ll call a porter. We don’t have much time.’      
Jack grabbed the frame of the bed. ‘Where do you want us?’
Within minutes they were in the delivery room and Jack stood back and watched as his son rushed to be born. There were screams and bodily fluids, red faces and calm professionalism, white knuckles and queasy stomachs. And the final point was a single lusty cry as Ben announced his arrival to an expectant world.
The midwife handed him to Sarah, then began to fiddle below. Jack moved away from the business end and looked down at his son’s face for the first time. There were no wrinkles, just smooth reddened skin, topped by a mass of wet dark air. And the eyes; small, dark all seeing; beautiful.
As he reached down to take his son, Ben reached up to him.
When he held his child in his arms his heart seemed too vast for his chest. He wanted to say something important, something monumental.
‘Hi Ben.’ He said.
Ben seemed to snuggle up to his ear and whispered. ‘It’s not true.’  
Chapter 31
The first stop for Number Five: Mk II was the Earth ship that had carried Debois to meet Jack. His brand new ship, all sleekness and stealth, paused within a few hundred metres of the slowly drifting craft.
When he saw the damage done to the engines, the replicant would have smiled if such a feat was at all possible to him. Jack may have acquiesced to the will of Earth’s managing AI, but at least he was still being awkward.   
He did a quick survey of the ship and found a crew of twenty, and enough munitions to win a war. There were also eight large chambers being stored in the loading bay. He puzzled over for them for the briefest of moments, but they were not his concern. He had other problems to solve.
If he had been a little more curious, if he had chosen to investigate more fully, then he might have discovered something in the first chamber that would have thrown a different light on the situation he was about to face.
Instead, he passed up the opportunity and made ready to flicker. Leaving the ship far behind in his search for Jack.

                      *   *   *

Jack watched them as the ship shuddered through the ever thickening atmosphere. The boy and girl both had their eyes closed, their normally smooth brows furrowed as they concentrated on not dying. As was the usual case, Debois’s eyes were on him.
The vision of his son was not a dream or a real memory, he knew that. Somehow his subconscious believed he was being deceived, that was the only possible explanation.
But who could it be? He set his AI to work up some algorithms to predict the behavior of each of his guests, based on their verbal and non-verbal signals.
It might give him the edge when it was most required.
‘What can we expect to find when we land?’ Asked Debois.
Jack watched him for a moment. He was obviously the most dangerous of the three.
‘When we land I’ll explain the situation to all of you together. It will be dangerous to leave the ship so you might want to think about staying on board.’
‘Now Jack, you know I can’t do that. I have to know exactly what you do.’
‘Even when it’s not what I’m supposed to do?’
‘Especially then.’
Jack said no more, he focused on the approaching land.
Below, he could see the rugged landscape of the single continent, crisscrossed by a multitude of mountain ranges. None of them high, but so many that it was hard to spot an area of level ground. In the valleys between the mountains, the land was dark green. On the slopes of the mountains, the ground was coloured a lighter shade of green. The tops were rocky and icy.
With apparent ease, the ship landed gently on one of the lush grassy slopes.
The three nominal humans climbed from their couches, the youngsters slipping easily on to the deck, Debois groaning a little as he rested his weight on his feet.
‘Gravity’s a little high, I think.’ He moaned.
‘Yes, it’s close to 1.25 Earth normal. Turquoise is no larger than Earth, but it is much denser.’
‘What do we need to know about this place?’ Asked Sarah, standing very close to Max.
‘There are a couple of dangers to worry about. Firstly, don’t go into the valleys, ever. If you were being chased by a pack of wolves, you’d be better off standing and facing the wolves, rather than enter the valleys. Not that you will see any wolves; I’m just making my point.’
‘Why? What’s in the valleys?’
Jack paused for a second. But they really did have to be aware of the danger the valleys represented, even if the youngsters would be left behind.
‘This is why you should stay on the ship. On this world, the split between flora and fauna is less distinct than it is on other worlds.’
‘What does that mean?’
‘The vegetation moves. It is ambulatory.  And it is vicious.’
‘Are we talking walking trees here?’ She made an attempt at a slow, awkward entish walk.
She was beginning to get on Jack’s nerves.
‘We are talking grass that will wrap around your feet in seconds, vines that will rip your limbs from you in even less time, orchids that will dissolve your flesh until all that is left is a strange exotic smell, trees that will collapse on to you, crushing you to absorbable pulp under their great weight, bugs that will skin you alive, butterflies that will cling to your face and suck out your brains, worms that will bore through your flesh like acid through butter.’
He paused. 
‘Is that sufficient to convince you to stay on board?’
Max had his arms around Sarah; her hands covered her mouth.
He nodded.
Jack turned to Debois. ‘What about you? Do you fancy a walk down the hill?’
Debois glanced at the young couple. ’Did you enjoy upsetting the girl?’
‘I’ve been on my own a long time; I don’t often get the opportunity.’
‘I’ll come with you. You know I have to. I assume Number One is hidden down there somewhere.’
‘He is indeed.’
‘And you will be able to offer me some protection from the dangers you so delighted in describing?’
‘Your suit will protect you from the bugs and its anti-grav unit will protect you from the grass; we’ll be able to fly at a safe height. You can have a nano cloud which should help with the vines when we have to land. And just pay attention with the trees; if you don’t walk under one, it’s not going to fall on you.’ 
‘I see.’ Said Debois. ‘We’re going to fly down there, land and get Number One, is that the plan?’
‘Something like that.’
‘And the reason you don’t just simply call him to come to us?’
‘I did call him.’
‘And?
‘I received no response. ’
 
Chapter 32
‘You mentioned another danger.’ Said Debois as he struggled into the tight fitting protective suit.
‘If we time it right, we won’t have to worry too much about that.’
‘What if we don’t get the timing right? I’d like to be prepared for the worst.’
‘If you get the worst your suit won’t be much protection, trust me. No matter how prepared you are.’
‘Still.’
Jack glanced back at the young couple. They were drinking coffee from matching mugs and looking glum.
‘We’ll walk and talk. If you don’t mind.’ He said, opening the hatch. As he knew the atmosphere was suitable for Debois, there was no need for an airlock.
He jumped lightly to the ground and waited for Debois to follow him.
Debois popped his head through the hatchway and looked down. The sloping grass was 3 metres below him.
‘Could we have a ladder please?’ He asked.
‘Just step out and your suit will carry you to the ground.’
Debois looked at him, then at the ground.
‘Really?’
‘Really.’
Taking a deep breath he stepped out into mid-air, and fell to the ground.
As he lay sprawled on the soft grass, Jack walked back towards him. He reached one hand down and pulled him to his feet. ‘I should have told you to switch it on first. Are you hurt?’
Debois pulled away from him. ‘Not very funny, I think. Not funny at all!’
‘Sorry. I’m not used to company.’
Debois adopted a business-like air.
‘Where now?’
‘We’re going to float down the valley and investigate Number One’s chamber. Maybe there’s a problem with his comms.’
Jack activated his anti-grav and floated 20 metres above Debois.
‘This should be high enough.‘ He called down to Debois. ’Oh, your suit is activated now. Think what you want it to do, and it will do it.’
Debois resisted the first thought that sprang to mind and was soon beside Jack.
He activated his nano cloud for added protection. He couldn’t see the tiny armed machines spinning around him at high speed but there was a quiet buzz.
‘Ready when you are.’ He said.
Together they descended the gentle green slope towards the dark valley far below. Debois brought down his face guard and visor, just to be sure.
As they approached the first line of trees, Debois thought that the wind must have risen as the leaves on the trees began to shake. Then he realised that it wasn’t the leaves at all; it was the trees themselves. They had already sensed their presence and were eager to feed.
‘A little higher, I think.’ He whispered, and climbed another 10 metres. Jack joined him.
With the trees below them, they saw the first vines whipping their lengths into the sky, their serrated edges ripping through the air; eager, hungry, deadly.
Clouds of bruise purple butterflies climbed towards them, their suckers already extended, only to be dispersed by a shatter shock from Jack’s fingertips.
‘Can I do that?’ Asked Debois, extending his fingers to no avail.
Something began to move in the forest below them, something massive and noisy and eager.
‘Wait here!’ Yelled Jack, as he dived ahead towards the danger.
The great gnarled tree that had reared from its slumber in the forest towered above them, its grasping branches tearing at the air, blocking their way. Its movements were far too quick for such a gargantuan creature, its hunger apparent and terrifying.
Jack was a spear of fire as he attacked the tree; then he was a spinning wheel, flames shooting out in all directions. The forest was alight, flickering against the dark clouds above, sucking the very oxygen from the air. Debois caught his breath. The tree wasn’t burning. It stood high above the burning forest, impervious to the flames. Bending down to pluck him from the air.
In shock, Debois almost allowed himself to be caught. At the last second he activated his anti-grav and shot out of the trees reach.
His victory cheer never left his lips as a single vine wrapped itself around his ankle, its other end anchored to the nearest branch of the monstrous tree.
He could feel the barbs breaking through his suit’s protective armour; within seconds they would taste his precious flesh.
He increased the lift on his anti-grav to break the vine’s hold but it was too strong. He risked losing his leg if he wasn’t careful.
He called for Jack, but there was no obvious response.
There was no other course open to him. He allowed his body to defend itself.
The acidic secretions burned through the remains of his suit’s armour in an instant and began to eat into the tough flesh of the vine. In a matter of the seconds the vine released him and shrank back to the protection of the tree.
Debois shook the last of the dangerous liquid from his ankle and set the suit’s self-repair facilities in operation.
When Jack appeared a few minutes later, the evidence of Debois’s exciting little episode had gone
‘Why did you call me?’ Asked Jack.
‘I was lonely.’ Replied Debois. ‘Why did you take so long to return? Did you find anything? And can you smell that awful smell?’
Jack looked at the burning forest below them; the smoke beginning to engulf them. 
‘I suppose it will burn itself out eventually.’ He said, as they both rose above the level of the smoke.
‘Come on.’ He said and together they flew back to the ship.
‘Why don’t you tell me what you found?’
‘I found Number One’s chamber and it was empty. Now we have to find him, if he is still on this planet.’
‘Where do we start?’
‘We’re going to have to get involved with the indigenous intelligent life form. And when you see them, don’t start. OK? I know what you’re going to say and it’s the last thing I need right now.’
‘I only asked.’ Debois was intrigued. ‘You seem a little stressed.’
‘Well, I was hoping we could get in and out without being spotted.’
‘Shall we bring the lovebirds? I presume it will be safer than the Valley of Death.’
When they boarded the ship they found it was empty, except for the silent figure of Number Seven.
‘Where are they?’ Jack asked him.
‘Exploring. Village. Safe.’
‘Why is he talking out loud? And so badly?’
‘I asked him to, to include you. To save me having to repeat everything he says for your benefit. He hasn’t had a conversation for some time; it hasn’t quite come back to him.’
‘I see. Well, if he wants any tips, I’m his man.’
‘Let’s find them, shall we?
Leaving Number Seven to his thoughts, they left the ship.
 
Chapter 33
Number Five: Mk II walked through the decimated banded areas of the habitat, unconcerned at the ruin before him. He knew that Jack had already gone, but it was a worthwhile exercise to check out the remains of Five Little Fish.
He was bending over the open chamber that must have held the replicant he deduced would have been Number Seven, when he felt a sudden change in the reality matrix. He jerked upright, in machine mode, all senses on full alert.
But he already knew what had happened. The habitat had flicked into another part of the universe, leaving his brand new shiny spaceship far behind.
Now he had to start from scratch with the material available to him on the habitat.
It was just so annoying!
       

                   *   *   *
 
It wasn’t much of a village. Just a sloping meadow dotted about with brown humps of earth. Each hump appeared to be an entrance to an underground area.
The occupants of the little village were nowhere to be seen. There were a few cow-like creatures grazing a little higher up the slope.
In fact, now that they had noticed them, Sarah and Max counted 13 of them, in a variety of colours, ranging from dull grey and brown to mottled pink and red.
It was Sarah’s idea to leave the ship and explore. She persuaded Max that surely it was safe, as long as they didn’t descend the slope. He was glad to leave the confines of the suddenly tiny ship.
Max leant into the nearest entrance. ‘It smells.’ He called back.
Sarah joined him.
‘It’s quite nice.‘ He said. ’Cinnamon and honey. Roses, maybe. What do you think?’
’I think it’s quite nasty. Sour and musty.’
‘I like it.’ Max found himself leaning more and more into the opening. Nervous about falling, he pushed himself back.
Whist they had discussed aromas, one of the ‘cows’ had approached them. 
Sarah yelped when she spotted it out of the corner of her eye, right beside her.
Close up it wasn’t at all like a cow.
There were six legs; four sturdy supporting limbs and two much more delicate looking arm-like members, held off the ground as the front of the torso curved into the neck which carried high the small oval head. The two eyes that studied them were widely spaced and disproportionately large, with extravagant eyelashes.
Its size was closer to that of a sheep than a cow and its round little body was covered in mottled shades of grey, darkening towards the neck.
 ‘Max! What shall I do?’ Sarah whispered, in a very loud voice.
Max quickly stepped between her and the creature, prepared to defend her from the beast if it threatened to harm her.
The creature’s nostrils flared and Max felt his legs weaken as a cloud of sweetness engulfed him. Sarah grabbed him by the waist and held him upright, her face twisted with the effort and the sour smell.
The creature seemed to consider their disparate reactions for a moment, then it turned and trotted off.
Max shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts. Sarah also shook her head.
‘What happened?’ She asked.
Max rubbed his hands across his face.
‘I don’t know. I felt weird for a minute. All I could think of was that scent. It was wonderful, so …. I don’t know how to explain it.’
Sarah frowned up at him. ‘Don’t get strange on me, now. Not with all the strange people I already have to deal with.’
Max smiled. ‘ Don’t worry. I’m OK now. Well, no stranger than normal.’
Just then the creature returned, accompanied by another. This one was much thinner than the first, its mottled brown skin seeming to hang on the framework of its bones.
The newcomer marched straight up to Max and prodded his chest with its nose. It stepped back then to gauge his reaction.
When there was none, it repeated the procedure with Sarah.
This time there was a little yelp but it was unclear if this was the reaction it was seeking. 
It lifted its head a little and produced a light cawing sound.
Again, it paused for their reaction. Then it cawed again.
‘Do you think it’s talking to us?’ Asked Sarah.
At her words the creature raised itself up on its hind legs, suddenly taller than them both, and cawed again. Then it dropped to all fours and began to run around in a circle.
‘Hello.’ Said Sarah, stepping forward.
The creature stopped in its tracks and raised itself again. ’Caw Caw.’ It said. Two clear syllables.
Sarah glanced at Max who was close behind her, taking deep breaths.
‘My name is Sarah.’
‘Caw Caw Caw Caw Caw.’ Came the reply.   
‘Did you hear that? It’s counting the syllables and saying them back to me.’
There followed a flurry of caws.
‘If it can count, doesn’t that mean it’s intelligent?’
‘I’ve heard of horses than can count.’
‘But they’ve been trained. Who could have trained this animal?’
‘Maybe there are people just over that hill.’ Said Max, seemingly recovered from his exposure to the first creature.
‘Wouldn’t Jack have known about them?’
‘He might have known and decided not to tell us. He never tells us anything.’
The creature seemed suddenly bored with all this conversation and wandered off.
The first creature remained, at a respectful distance, keeping one eye on them as it nibbled at the lush grass.
Max noticed that one of the humps in the centre of the village seemed much larger than the others.
‘Maybe that’s where the people are. It’s the biggest.’
Together they walked towards it. At the entrance the ground was raised up in an arch reaching above Max’s head and was wide enough for them to enter side by side if they wished.
At this stage Sarah certainly did not wish. The smell from the entrance was almost overwhelming. Musky, acidic and something she couldn’t put a name to. Something that had died a long time ago.
As they hesitated, the second creature rushed up to them and butted them away from the entrance, cawing all the time.
This time the creature was carrying a small black box.
When they were a safe distance from the entrance, it stopped with the butting and adjusted something on the box, then it rose again up on its hind legs and began to caw.
The box spoke.
‘Are you humans? Do you come from there? Is he with you?’
The voice was English and strangely familiar.
Max looked at Sarah. She nodded.
‘Yes we are humans. My name is Max and this is Sarah. I don’t know where there is or who he is.’
The box cawed to the creature.
‘Come with me.’ The creature turned and led them to a smaller hump.
Something made Max and Sarah hold hands as they followed it down into the ground.
 
Chapter 34
Jack and Debois found them there, surrounded by a gaggle of the alien creatures, cawing and butting and generally far too excited in the cramped space.
Jack allowed Debois to enter first, hanging back as if he didn’t really want to face what was coming.
Debois bent to enter beneath the low overhang. He took a couple of steps then stopped at the scene before him.
It wasn’t the crowded enclosed space that made him baulk, or the noise as the creatures blared their enthusiasm. Or even the sight of Max and Sarah pressed against each other in the centre, trying to avoid the bruising contact.
No. He stopped because he recognised the creatures before him.
‘This can’t be.’ He whispered. ’It’s not possible.’
He turned back to Jack.
‘How can you be involved with them?’
Jack bent a little and looked over Debois’s shoulder, into the chamber. He made no comment.
Debois patted his sides, wishing he had some sort of weapon. Something he could use against the notorious Grazers.
Jack pushed him to one side. ‘We’ll talk about this later.’ He said, quietly. ‘Let’s just get the job done first. OK?’
Debois barely nodded his agreement.
Jack stepped into the room and stopped, towering over the humans and aliens.
At the sight of him, the Grazers stopped in their tracks.
After a second or two they began to rise up onto their hind legs. Balancing unsteadily, they started to caw. The noise was almost unbearable to the nominal humans present. Jack raised his hands to calm them, but there was no noticeable change in the din.  
After what may have been hours, but was probably only minutes, the skinny Grazer pushed its way to the front. In its hands it held a small box.
‘You have returned. At last, you have returned.’ The creature cawed and the box spoke.
Jack glanced at Debois.’I think it means Number One.’ He whispered.
‘I think you are mistaking me for someone who looks very much like me.’ He spoke to the Grazer. ’We are looking for him ourselves.’
‘We have waited so long for your return. It was foretold that one day you would return. And now you have.’
‘No. I’m sorry. You don’t understand. It wasn’t me.’
‘We followed you across the stars, after you departed. We sought you out on a multitude of worlds. Wherever we found hominid races, there we looked for you. But our search was fruitless, so at last we gave up and came back to our home, to wait for you. And now you have returned to us.’
Jack turned to Debois. ‘We’re not getting anywhere here. Number One is obviously long gone.’
Debois nodded.’ The sooner we leave the better, as far as I’m concerned.’
Jack stepped in to the centre of the room, his head only centimetres from the low ceiling. The Grazers backed away from him, giving him respectful room. His way was now clear to Max and Sarah.
He hadn’t noticed before, but Sarah seemed to be supporting Max. His eyes were closed and his head was lowered, his arm across her shoulders.
‘Come on.’ He said. ‘Time to leave.’
‘I’ll think I’ll need some help.’ Said Sarah. ‘Something about their horrible smell affects him.’
Jack took hold of Max and lifted him on to his shoulder, bending his knees to avoid the ceiling.
‘Come on. Let’s go.’
The skinny Grazer blocked their way.
‘Please do not go. We have waited so long for your return.’
‘It wasn’t me!’ Snapped Jack, leaning over the creature.
‘If you go, we will follow you again. Wherever you travel, across the whole of the wide universe, we will follow. This is how we will worship you.’
Jack looked around him at the eager Grazers crowding closer, at the mud splattered dwelling, the dung covered bare earth floor.
‘I don’t think you’ll be able to go where we go.’ He said.
‘We still have the technology. We don’t use it; it’s not required here. But we still have it, and people trained in its use. It will take us time to be ready, of course. But we will follow you.’
Jack shook his head and began to walk towards the entrance.
The Grazer shuffled out of their way and allowed them to walk outside.
‘What are you going to do?’ Whispered Debois. ’You can’t let them follow you. Not again. Not after what happened last time.’
‘It wasn’t me!’ Snapped Jack.
‘Still.’
 
Chapter 35
Just then they heard a thin reedy squeal.
Within a second they were alone, except for the alien speaker. The rest had scurried into their earth holes.
‘A male is roused.’ Said the Grazer. ‘You will be safe but your human acolytes need to hide.’
Saying that, the creature spun around and dived back under ground.
‘Acolytes! I don’t think so!’ Snorted Debois. 
‘Get back inside. Quickly!’ Said Jack, ducking back inside himself, Max still across his shoulder.
Debois and Sarah hurried to follow him.
‘What’s this about a roused male?’ She asked. ‘Mine’s comatose.’
‘Let’s get safe first, and then we can talk.’ Said Debois, guiding her forward.
Inside, the room they were in time to see the Grazer disappear through an opening in the lower wall that had been hidden by the crowd earlier.
It led into a tunnel; narrow and low, rock lined and dark. Both Jack and Debois were forced to crawl, Jack dragging Max by one hand behind him. Sarah was able to walk bent almost double.
‘He won’t be able to follow us through here.’ The Grazer called back to them.’
‘That’s a relief.’ Muttered Debois, to himself.   
‘Why are we hiding?’ Asked Sarah.
‘Don’t you remember your ancient Earth history?’ Asked Debois.
‘Well, some. It wasn’t really my subject. And there was so much of it to learn. Too much.’
‘What about your augments? Surely you can just call up the info?’
‘We had them taken out. We were going to have a matched set; it’s what people do when they bond.’
‘Do they now? Well I wouldn’t be without mine.’ 
They were crouched at the end of the tunnel, the conscious humans uncomfortable, the Grazer calmly chewing its cud, Jack unperturbed.
‘I don’t think we have time for a complete history lesson.’ He began.
‘Why are we in this dark tunnel?’ Said Max.
‘Oh he’s back. Nice to have you with us again.’ Responded Debois.
Max grunted and struggled his way through to Sarah. With their arms around each other they seemed much more comfortable.
‘The Grazers have the standard set of sexes; the gentle female we see before us and the much more aggressive male. It is quite common for a difference in aggression levels between sexes across many different species, and it is not always in favour of the male. ‘
Debois paused to ensure his audience was still listening. It wouldn’t be the first time he’d lost listeners to slumber.
‘In the case of the Grazers however, the difference is so extreme that they are almost different species. The female dedicate their lives to controlling the destructive impulses of their males. In fact it usually takes a team of 39 to each male, in shifts of 13 at a time. And the males must be separated from each other at all times.’
‘If I may be allowed to interrupt, Sir.’ The Grazer’s voice interrupted him. ‘You have made an important and worrying point.’
‘Why is it talking in Jack’s voice.’ Asked Max.
‘What point is that?’ Asked Jack, ignoring Max.
‘Our male is aroused now. There is nothing we can do to change that. It should not have been allowed. The next run is not scheduled until three days’ time. It would seem that your presence caused a distraction and his calm-sleep levels were allowed to drop dangerously. When he makes his run to the nearest village, just the sound of his voice will rouse that village’s male. There will be terrible destruction and few are likely to survive. And it may well escalate, with males of other nearby villages being roused before their time.’
The creature fell silent, waiting for his response. 
‘Everything seems in order to me.’ Said Debois. ‘It’s time we left.’
‘We caused the problem.’
‘Well, hardly. We can’t be expected to solve every problem we cause, and we’ve certainly no reason to help them. Not after what they did to us.’
‘Stay here.’ Said Jack, to his human companions. There were no arguments. 
To the Grazer he said. ’I’ll see what I can do. Can I just take a drop of your blood? I may be able to work up something internally that could knock him out, without causing too much damage.’
The Grazer held out one hand which he pricked with his suddenly pointed little finger.
‘How much does he weigh?’
‘It’s difficult to be precise; he’s never actually been weighed. But, if you are working in kilos, you should think in terms of around 5000 kilos.’
‘That big? And how fast is he likely to be able to move? I’m trying to judge kinetic energy here.’
‘He can probably achieve above the equivalent of 60 kilometres per one hour for short periods.’
‘Great! I’m not going to get in his way then.’
He pushed his way past the others, still on his hands and knees.
Debois huffed to himself for a moment, then followed.
‘We’re staying here.’ Hissed Sarah. Max had no intention of arguing.
Back in the room, Jack did a quick survey of the surrounding area; x-ray, sonar, infrared.
He was hardly surprised to detect a large stationary body just outside the entrance. It was the way his day was going.
‘Stay inside.’ He instructed Debois who was squeezing out of the tunnel.
He stepped out into the dull sunshine, ignoring the ripped earth at his feet. The male was there, facing away from him.
He took a second to take in the mass of the beast.
His back was level with Jack’s shoulders. Jack could see his tail twitching and the heavy testicles hanging between his thick hind legs, his feet great splayed claws. His red brown skin seemed distended, puffed up in preparation for the run, with long irregular cracks running along his back. The skin was so hard and tight that the bulging muscles beneath were hardly visible.
He turned slightly and Jack could see that the massive body was supported by six equally sturdy legs. The triangular head was held low on his thick neck. It seemed ridiculously small compared with the rest of him, but then his cerebral requirements were limited.
His only purpose was to run through the dark valley to the next village, to spread his seed. Any intellectual refinements that did not support that target were redundant.
The male sensed his presence and spun quickly to face him.
He raised his head and his neck arched upwards, bringing his chest and powerful forelegs up, their sharps claws flexing as they threatened to tear at Jack’s body.
Jack chose this moment to float away from the ground, several metres above the male’s reach.
He was sure that, if it had been really necessary, he could have wrestled the male to the ground. Especially if there was someone to impress. But it was much safer for the male not to make it a test of strength and to simply fire the dart with the knockout drug from a distance.
So he did just that.
When the dart bounced harmlessly of the rock hard skin, plan B was required.
He lowered himself to the ground in front of the beast, bracing his legs against the soft ground.
Without any further warning, the male charged at him. There wasn’t sufficient time for him to do anything especially clever to stop him, he just took a step to the side and tripped him with a trailing leg.
He went down like a 5 ton beast doing 30 kilometres per hour. With a crash and a raw and a shaking of the ground.
Jack leapt to his side and flipped him over on to his back. Without a second’s pause he rammed the dart in to the tough skin of the male’s stomach. The needle bent at first, but then it was through.
Jack took a couple of steps back and waited for the result.
Very soon the male was sleeping happily and noisily.
His entourage of 13 females appeared from nowhere.
With practiced skill they dragged him back to the large hump at the centre of the village, and took him inside. 
‘Thank you very much for not hurting him, Master.’ Jack turned at the sound of his own voice. The little Grazer was standing beside him.
‘That’s OK. I was pleased to help.’
‘Will you be staying long? We need time to prepare to follow you, if you intend to leave.’
‘I keep telling you, I’m not him. I was with him, for a very short time. But I am not him. So there is no need for you to follow me.’
‘The preparations are well under way.’
‘Is that box not working properly? Can you not understand what I am saying?’
‘Every word is fully understood. And each word is being recorded for future study and meditation. Your fullest and deepest meanings will be discovered and acted upon.’
‘Will somebody please tell her, I’m not the one she wants?’
Debois just shrugged. ‘You know you can’t leave it like this, Jack. You can’t let them follow you. Not the way they must have followed Number One.’
‘What do you expect me to do?’
‘I’m sure it is well within the destructive capabilities of your ship.’
‘You can’t destroy this world! How can you even think of it?’   
Sarah had moved very close to Debois, her fists clenched and her face reddening.    
‘You don’t understand, dear.’
She stepped even closer. ’Don’t dear me.’
Debois took a step back and brushed his hands down the front of his suit.
‘There is no need to be quite so aggressive. They may seem to be sweet creatures, with their gentle ways and little villages. But last time they left this place, to follow Number One, they weren’t quite so sweet, and they certainly weren’t at all gentle. They conquered Earth, for goodness sake!’
 
Chapter 36
When he’d waved goodbye to Number Five: Mk II’s ship, Number Five turned to his own ship. It was a much more basic design; there was no TPI drive, no real offensive capabilities and any journey in it would be tortuously slow. But that was fine; all it needed to do was travel a few million kilometres, and endure the incredible heat of its close approach to the Sun. 
Inside, shielded from the Sun’s ferocity, would be Number Five and his Distort Bomb.
Just a little something to help give Number Five: Mk II the upper hand when he came face to face with Jack.


                      *   *   *       

Back on the ship, the four of them gathered together to discuss the situation; Number Seven watched silently against the back bulkhead.
They hadn’t continued their chat with the Grazer. They had simply flown back to the ship, Jack carrying Sarah and Debois struggling a little with Max.
‘OK.’ Started Jack. ‘Debois thinks we’re a democracy so, everyone who wants to say something will be heard. But remember please that in the end it will be my decision.  I hope that’s clear.’
‘Why can’t we just a take a few with us? That might be enough. What harm could that cause?’ Asked Sarah.
‘If you are going to be that simplistic, we aren’t going to get very far.’ That was Debois.
‘Simplistic am I? I’m not the one who wants to simply blow them all up!’
‘Wordplay! Oh Dear, Dear. What we need here, Dear, is a basic knowledge of history, is that too much to expect, Dear?’
Sarah took a deep breath. She shook her head at Max, for his lack of support.
‘Okay. I don’t know much about that period of history. You’re right. So, why don’t you educate me?’
Debois rose to his feet from the couch. Max and Sarah remained seated, so were forced to look up at him.
He began to stroll backwards and forwards as he talked, using an elegantly pink fingernail to make his point.
‘It was in the spring of 2081 that they first arrived in Earth orbit; a single ship, small and unthreatening.
‘They were allowed to land and discussions began. They were friendly and gentle and charming. They offered an instant cure for most forms of cancer. A little something added to the water supply and there you were; millions of lives enhanced and saved. 
‘Of course we were suspicious, we weren’t fools. But gift horse and all that; the additive was studied and taken apart and retro-engineered. For years we hesitated, then we bit the bullet as it were, and 95 % of all cancers were eradicated in the space of 5 years.    
‘They were heroes after that, welcomed all over the world. We were so lucky with the timing then, because another dozen ships appeared and suddenly there were enough of them to go around.’
He paused then, checking that he had their full attention.
‘Only a few years later, they had another present for us. So generous they were. The gift of extended life. Just another additive to the water and active, vigorous human life could be extended well into a second century, even a third century was possible. 
‘Of course we checked it all out. We weren’t so suspicious by then, but we still weren’t fools. The will was there to accept it and the politicians wanted their names associated with this wonderful opportunity.
‘So it was added to the water supply, across the whole world. No-one wanted to be left out, dying young whilst the lucky ones outlived them two or three fold. So everyone drank the water and waited for the effects; long life and health and happiness.
‘Within a year people had started to die. Slowly at first, not so obviously as to cause alarm. But the deaths continued, the rate accelerating. In the second year 100 million people died. By the sixth year, the Earth’s population had been decimated, with 95% loss of life.
‘More and more Grazers arrived, and this time they brought their males. They were staying for good, and they had all the room they would need.
‘And these are the creatures you want to let loose on the Universe again?’
He paused for applause, but there was none forthcoming.
‘Surely they’re not the same now. You saw them, they live in primitive half buried huts; they eat the grass on the ground. They have no tools. They’re no threat to anyone.’
‘You are naïve to even think that. There is only one possible solution and it’s not revenge for myself I‘m looking for, it’s safety for everyone else. You can’t trust them, you really can’t. Jack, you have to destroy them all. You have no other choice.’
Jack turned to Max, who was frowning and thinking furiously.
‘Do you have anything to say on this?’
Max puffed out his lips and ran his hands through his hair. He gave Sarah a worried look.
‘There’s something I don’t understand.’ He began.
‘I’m sure there’s a lot you don’t understand, dear.’ Interrupted Debois, still on his feet.
Max ignored him.
‘Numbered One was hidden here by Jack right?’
‘Yes, of course. In case no-on explained this to you, that is what we are doing, apparently. Retrieving the copies of himself that he hid many years ago.’
‘That’s the point I’m making. Number One was hidden here by Jack and at some stage later, he left. The Grazers then followed him across the universe, searching for him on every world they came across that was occupied by humanoid people.’
‘If it really helps you to say the obvious, be my guest.’
‘Give him a chance Debois.’ Said Jack. ‘I think I know where he’s going.’
‘Pardon me.’
‘Jack left the earth in 2042 and the Grazers arrived in 2081. How did all that happen in 39 years?’
‘Good point, well made.’ Replied Debois. ‘ It’s a question that has occupied historians for thousands of years.’
He turned to Jack.
‘Well. Jack, here is your opportunity to put that question to bed. Can you explain the impossible?’
‘You know I’m not one for explaining.’
‘I think we deserve the answer, before we agree to destroy this world. If you’re too embarrassed to admit to more culpability, remember you are amongst friends. Well, if not friends exactly, at least none of us are going to be too surprised at what you tell us.’
‘I think we are digressing from the situation at hand. I have a solution that doesn’t involve destroying a world, or causing another wave of invasions, or mean we have to carry another bunch of unnecessary passengers.’
‘What are you going to do?’
Jack made no reply. He took up his position at the front bulkhead and brought up the 3D display.
‘You’d better prepare for take-off.’
‘But…’ Debois stopped as Number Seven walked across the deck and ducked through the hatchway.
‘Where’s he going?’ Asked Max.
‘They wanted Number One, but obviously they can’t have him. They’re certainly not getting me. So they’ll have to make do with Number Seven.
 
Chapter 37
The heavy green sea washed sluggardly against the shore, the viscous liquid clinging to the grainy beach as the sea rolled back.
There were trees just above the waterline, hardly flourishing in the sharp, ammonia filled air.
Jack was swimming in the ridiculously buoyant water at a speed far beyond the hopes of any Olympic swimmer, though he still trailed a long distance behind his companions. They reached the shoreline well before him, but they waited for him to catch them.
He’d never really considered how long he’d been with them, it was decades at least.  During that time, he’d learned their languages and made steadfast friends, despite his alien nature. The J-Yen didn’t judge; they took you at face value. So much so that even the idea of telling a lie never occurred to him; not now that he was so far away from his fellow humans. 
After a few years of enjoying himself with the surprisingly playful J-Yen, he was finally introduced to members of their parent race, the Wayru. They were few in number and rarely interacted with their adopted children, or any other race.
But they did show an interest in Jack and allowed him to spend time in their exalted company. 
They were small, dark grey, seal like creatures, able to flash through the thick slow water at incredible speeds. Jack never forgot the first time he was allowed to swim with a small shoal of them, swimming together through the whole long winter night, the Wayru restricting their speed to match his.
Despite the honour he felt at being allowed in their company, their large glistening eyes made him feel a little uncomfortable when they stared at him; seeming to see all of his  potential for failure.
So he was more than a little relieved when they turned from him and allowed him to return to his more comfortable friends, the J-Yen.
Perhaps he would have been happy to spend the rest of his life with them, if his nature had been less restless. So when the time came to end this time of indolence and friendship, he was happy to receive the invitation from the Wayru to act as witness to their momentous progression. 
After many thousands of years of preparation and consideration, the Wayru were finally ready. On a day soon to come, they would leave their world and travel to a specially built habitat orbiting close to their bright white sun. And Jack would accompany them.   
In fact, they had even asked him to join them in their next stage of existence; they were really that generous. But he was so far from being ready that it would have been a joke to accept. His humanity burned through his artificial body like a banner to frailty; there were too many things he still had to get wrong.
So he declined the offer, but he rejoiced at their wonderful future.
‘You should be aware that there may be some minor temporal phenomena involved.’ One of the J-Yen had warned him.
‘I’ll be Okay.’ Had been his automatic response.   
Gathered together on the edges of reefs, on shallow shorelines, in the centre of the great, world encircling sea, they were ready to leave.
One by one, using no apparent technology, they mini flicked to the habitat, leaving nothing behind but a plop as the air filled the vacuum caused by their sudden absence.
When it was his turn, Jack took a moment to wave to his many J-Yen friends, not really having a clear idea of what was about to happen.
Then he found himself torn from one reality, and dumped into the wet green sea of another.
The habitat was tiny by human standards, but then there were only a few hundred of the Wayru, and they wouldn’t be staying long.
The habitat degraded its orbit around the sun, getting closer and closer until it was finally caught in the death grip of the star’s gravity, and plunged towards its fiery centre.
Inside, Jack was surrounded by a protective field, as the water boiled all around him. The Wayru gathered near him, lifting their bodies out of the water, supported by the vigorous movements of their tails.
Then they started to pop out of existence, leaving nothing but a flash of steam behind as they sublimed.
For that there was their purpose, on this little world in its headlong rush to destruction.  To slough off the physical and become energy, to leave the mundane behind and grasp magnificence, to claim their godhead.
When the last one had gone, Jack found himself outside the habitat, safe in his invisible cocoon.
Then he flashed way from the star and was deposited back in to the cool, lazily choppy waters of the J-Yen world, watched over by a panoply of glittering stars.
 He lay on his back for a moment, trying to grasp what he had witnessed. What sort of existence were the Wayru going to have now? Were they restricted in any way by time, distance, reality?
He was considering all of the possibilities when he heard a splash nearby. He turned his attention to the large white J-Yen closing in on him.
‘Hello.’ He said, using the gestures appropriate for his position, reaching out to squeeze the newcomer.
‘Who are you? What are you?’ The words were accompanied by cold unfriendly squeezes.
‘Surely you know me?’ He asked, suddenly worried.
As he asked the question, the stars caught his eye. There was something different about them. He asked his AI to scan them.
The answer came back almost immediately.
The sublimation had sent him back 500 years, to a time when he was unknown to his dear future friends. 
 
Chapter 38
Turquoise was barely a gleam in the distance as they raced towards the flicker point.
Debois was dozing on his couch, and Max was exploring the re-expanded ship, so Jack found himself alone with Sarah.
‘What were you doing all those thousands of years?’ She asked, breaking a long silence.
‘I wasn’t sat on a beach all that time, if that’s what you’re thinking. I travelled to distant galaxies and saw and did things you couldn’t imagine.’
‘But you came back?’
‘Yes, I came back once every millennium. And each time I left again, I left another replicant behind me.’
‘But that’s ten times, isn’t it? There aren’t ten replicants.’
‘No, not now. Some of them didn’t quite work out, so I had to dispose of them.’
Sarah looked as if she was going to make some comment about the quality of the replicants he did leave in place. In the end, she didn’t. 
‘When you went back 500 hundred years, didn’t you want to change what had happened?’
Jack delayed his response, wandering how much he should tell.
‘Of course I did.’ He began slowly. ‘But time has a built in resistance to paradox. I wanted to save my family, of course I did, but I couldn’t get close enough. It’s not physically possible to change something that directly affects you. If I had stopped them from being killed, everything that led directly from their deaths wouldn’t have happened, including my being sent back in time to interfere in the first place. Time doesn’t like that sort of thing, so it actively prevents it. ’
Sarah looked as if she was about to hug him, so he continued quickly.
‘But I did get the chance to make some changes, for the better, that didn’t directly affect me personally.’
‘Oh, do tell us all about it.’ Said Debois, sitting up on the couch.
‘How long have you been listening?’ Asked Jack.
‘You know me, Jack. Nothing gets past me. Especially when it’s a megalomaniac, who is about to admit how he distorted history to suit his own ends.’
‘I wouldn’t say that was the case. I think the changes I made gave a real benefit to the world.’
‘Go on, then. Tell what you did to make the world a better place.’
‘Yes, Jack. Please tell us.’ Said Sarah, in a softer tone.
‘You remember the Napoleonic wars?’
‘Yes, he lost in the end, defeated by the British at Waterloo, I seem to remember.’
‘That’s how it worked out this time. But, the first time, in the reality I was born into, Napoleon won, and subjugated Britain and the rest of Western Europe to nearly 200 years of French rule. In fact, as an expert on me, you’ll be surprised to know that my original name was Jean Russelle.’
‘And how did you save the day, Jean?’ Said Debois, overdoing the accent.
‘I have an avatar I can use when the need arises and I used it to persuade a couple of generals to separate off a significant portion of Napoleon’s forces, just before they reached Waterloo. That was enough to swing the battle in Britain’s favour.’
‘And that was the best thing to happen, for the world, for Britain to win, and expand its own empire? Were there not some colonial issues?’
‘Of course there were, but those issues pale beside the atrocities undertaken by the French Napoleonic Republic in their 2 century reign.’
‘Anything else you want to tell us?’
‘Well there was this guy; you won’t have heard of him now, but he was quite big in the original 20th century, for all the wrong reasons. His name was Adolf Hitler. He tried to conquer Europe and practiced genocide, causing the death of 6 million Jews.’
‘And why have we never heard of him?’
‘In the first World War, he was a messenger, a runner between the officers and the forward lines. I shot him as he returned, just yards from safety. His death meant that the national socialist party he would have led failed in the polls, lacking such a charismatic leader. This allowed the brilliant Heinrich Schmidt to renegotiate the Treaty of Versailles early in the 1930s and get foreign soldiers off German territory. There was never a second World War, or a Soviet Block, or the nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.’
‘If I had the energy I would leap up and salute you for the hero you so obviously are. Is there anything else you’d like to get off your chest? Any other heroic deeds?’
‘Well, you’ve heard of Robin Hood, haven’t you?’
 
Chapter 39
Returning to human space from the Andromeda Nebula, Jack was more than a little displeased to see what had been happening during his latest absence.
To avoid confusion, it should be explained that the numbers later given to distinguish his replicants were not entirely accurate, as he had actually made a total of ten.
And now the original Numbers Two, Three and Four were causing more than their fair share of trouble as they fought their way across the Centauri Systems. Planets had been devastated or entirely destroyed, and something very disconcerting was happening to Centauri B; it really shouldn’t be that colour.
Jack felt that it was due time to put a stop to all of this.
He found the three of them waiting for him on a tiny, airless moon orbiting an extravagantly exotic gas giant with multi- coloured atmospheric bands and a set of achingly beautiful rings.
He landed close to them; careful to keep his distance. His body possessed the latest refinements in terms of defensive and offensive capabilities and he imagined that he could quite easily deal with one or two replicants. But three might be biting off a little too much.
‘This has to stop.’ He commanded.
‘Join us, Jack. We are only doing what you programmed us to do, to ensure you survival. Just in our own way. If you join us, no-one could stand against us. We could be gods. ‘
‘This has to stop.’ Jack repeated, not in the least swayed by Number Two’s argument.
‘We will never stop, Jack. You know that, for we are all the same. So join us, you are already one of us.’
‘If you won’t stop voluntarily, then I’ll have to stop you myself.’
‘Really, Jack. One against three. You know you would fail. We would not want to destroy our progenitor, but that will not slow us in the least.’
Without any obvious signal, the three replicants separated and moved a step closer.
Jack took a step back and tried to detect the frequency on which they were communicating. He could sense it, but he was blocked from accessing it.
Without any warning, he flew directly upwards, away from the moon and towards the multi-coloured giant planet.
There was hardly a pause before they followed him, firing plasma pulses that were easily deflected by his shields. As he powered toward the planet, he felt its gravity field grip him and begin to claw him to its breast.
He didn’t resist, in fact he accelerated, rushing towards the great gaseous body with a fatal eagerness, feeling its terrifyingly potent magnetic field ripple across his body.
The three replicants were kilometres behind, trying to track his tiny body against the backdrop of the pulsing world below, all their sensors impacted by the strength of the magnetic field, their communication capabilities disabled.
Number Three didn’t have a chance; one second he was racing downwards, desperately searching for his prey, the next second, his prey found him.  Number Three’s fields were in place so he turned to face his attacker, convinced that he was safe against any blow Jack was capable of inflicting.
Jack struck no blow, however; he simply wrapped his arms around his copy, and merged their fields together. Inside the safety of their fields there was nothing to protect them from each other.
Jack began to squeeze, his arms metal bands trying to crush the life from his replicant. Number Three struggled, calling for help all the time. But his body was 2000 years old, with very little in the way of maintenance or development. It was never going to be an equal struggle with Jack’s latest revolution in metaform bodies, boosted by TPI technology. Within seconds his servo mechanisms were beginning to fail and the pump that supplied oxygen to his organic brain was ripped out.
Jack tossed him to one side and went searching for further prey.
Two and Four were nowhere to be found, no matter how long he spent scouring the environs of the great gas giant. 
Suspecting that they had mini flicked away from him, he slipped into the 12th Prime to see if there was evidence of their transit. He found it immediately, but was surprised to find that they hadn’t returned to their home Prime, as was normally the case when travelling using TPI drive. In fact, they had crossed the 12th Prime and exited it at the 11th.
This gave Jack pause; he didn’t like that particular Prime, not at all. He preferred Primes where causality worked in the right direction. He wanted his reactions to follow his actions, his effects to follow his causes. In the 11TH Prime, things didn’t always work out that way.   
But if he was going to stop the rogue replicants, he was going to have to follow them and hope that his knowledge of the Primes was superior to theirs.
He began to work his way across the sticky reality that was the 12th Prime, careful not the allow himself to slip too low and be captured in the gravity field of the Absence. Light was very sluggish in this Prime, so vision was always a little fuzzy, but he managed to focus on his destination and reach the 12TH Prime without any undue delays.
During his approach, he set up some coded programmes with his AI to help him manage his escape from the 12TH.
He burst into the easy fluidity of the new Prime and allowed himself to be carried along by his own momentum, his arms folded across his chest, his legs locked at the ankles. The secret of survival in this Prime was to do as little as possible, for you could never accurately predict the consequence of your actions.
Using only passive sensors, he found both replicants waiting for him nearby, hiding behind a small asteroid that had miraculously managed to retain its physical integrity long enough to perform this service.
Jack was still floating away from them, but he did nothing to change his course. He was fairly sure that the replicants had made a potentially fatal mistake and he was quite happy to be increasing his distance.
After only a few more seconds, the asteroid lost its battle with the Prime’s absurd reality and collapsed in on itself, falling the vast distance to the minute black hole that had emerged at its core, dragging both replicants with it, to their certain death.
  Fortunately, Jack had floated to a safe distance, so he was not affected greatly by the asteroid’s collapse. In fact, he was pushed away at a slightly increased pace.
He took a moment to regret the need for the demise of the replicants. But there really was nothing else he could have done; they had gone rogue and it was his responsibility to act. He decided that any future replicants would have remote override facilities incorporated in their design.
But now he had to make his escape from this intrinsically    difficult Prime. First, he needed to slow down and reverse his direction; so he accelerated at full burn. This stopped him in his tracks and sent him flying back the way he’d come, towards the boundary of the Prime. At the last minute, he switched all of this motive power to break and surged through the rubbery skin of the boundary in to the slow, dough-like reality of the 11th Prime.
Soon he would be back in his home Prime.
 
Chapter 40
Number Five: Mk II was watching the scene from the safety of his position on a high mountain spur above the Grazer village, as the natives crowded around the tall dark figure in their midst.
It wasn’t Jack; he could see that clearly, but he did look fairly new, with subtle alterations to his design that only another replicant would detect. It certainly wasn’t Number One. So it had to be Number Seven, he presumed. And if Number Seven was here, where was Number One and where was Jack?
Things were not working out at all as he had expected when this whole mission had begun.
He wasn’t very happy with his new ship; it wasn’t nearly as good as the one he’d been forced to leave behind. Still it had carried him to the system being decimated by Number Two, though he couldn’t help feeling that he was lagging behind Jack.
He was quite pleased with the work Number Two was doing; all of those billions of replicants would make it much more difficult for Jack to completely bend to Earth’s will, but he had his own mission, so he didn’t tarry long. 

                         *   *   *     
   
Jack and Debois were on deck together with Max and Sarah otherwise occupied. Jack tried not to eavesdrop on them in their private moments, though it was tempting. It was so long since that physical act had been part of his life.
‘How do you think it’s going, then Jack?’ Asked Debois, supine on his couch. ‘2 down and 4 to go, and what’s the score, then?’ He answered himself.
Jack chose not to respond.
‘It’s a big fat zero, isn’t it? Number of replicants destroyed? Zero. Number of replicants captured and removed from a position of threat? Zero.’
He raised himself to a sitting position.
‘If this carries on, you’re never going home, Jack. Surely you can see that.’
‘Don’t worry about me. Everything is working out as I wished, apart from Number One. And it’s a shame we had to lose Number Seven. Nevertheless, 2 parts of my 3 part plan are fully in place.’
‘Would you care to explain yourself?’
‘Explain myself to you? That would be a first. I will just say that my medium term and long term options are in place; but I do need to resolve my short term position.’
‘Well, we do seem satisfied with our little self, don’t we? Be sure you don’t underestimate your opponent, Jack. Be very sure.’
‘Are you talking about yourself or Earth?’
‘You know me, Jack. I’m just a sad old sack trying to do his best.’
‘If you say so.’
‘Where to next Captain? Can you take us to a place where we might actually succeed in our task?’
‘How’s your head for heights?’ Was Jack’s response, after a long pause.

                        *   *   *

Julie was an excellent runner, a born athlete.
Jack could plod along forever, but there was no real speed in his legs. And he could never match Julie as she propelled herself along, her feet barely touching the ground.
The road was still wet from the rain earlier and Jack couldn’t seem to avoid the puddles. Soon his calves were cold from the splashed water and threatening to cramp. In the distance Julie was gliding along; cool, relaxed and strangely dry.
She came to a hill and flew up it with no sign of effort or strain. Hit the hill hard, she always said. Then power over the top and relax coming down. That’s how you do hills.
Not so much for Jack. He just chugged his way up, his stride getting shorter, his arms pumping, his breathing heavy.
He paused at the top; there she was waiting for him at the bottom of the hill, leaning against an old wooden fence, half a smile on her face.
He charged down towards her, his arms outstretched, laughing as he ran.
She took a half step towards him, then faltered. The smile was frozen on her face as she watched him bearing down upon her.   
She began to turn away from him, her smile gone; only determination on her face.
But he was already there, wrapping his arms around her; gasping and laughing together.
She twisted in his grip and braced her hands against his chest; pushing him away. He staggered backwards, shocked at her reaction.
‘What’s wrong?’ He asked, one hand reaching out to her.
‘Who are you?’ She hissed. 
Chapter 41
‘How long do you think it will be before we return to Earth?’
Debois turned towards her, his face unreadable.
They were alone on deck.  Max was still asleep and Jack was about his own business elsewhere on the ship.
‘It would be best if you set your heart on a different ending to this little adventure.’ He said, slowly.
‘Won’t we be going home? I thought that was the plan!’  
Debois was quite captivated by how cute she appeared with her concerned little face.
‘Hopefully we will find a safe place for you and Max before we travel much further. That should be your immediate aim. If at some point in the future you find yourselves in a position to return under your own steam; that would be the best likely outcome for you. I can really say no more.’
She walked to the door, frowning.  Then she turned back to him.   
‘Who are you, anyway?’ She asked.
‘What do you mean? Isn’t it obvious?’ Debois preened, slightly.
‘You introduced yourself as Michelle Debois the .. 43rd was it? That sounded a little odd to me.’
‘I frequently come across as a little odd, I must admit. However, if I give my full name, it may be clearer for you. I am Michelle Debois the 43rd Clone of Michelle Debois the 1st.’ He bowed a little and did some complicated little wave.
‘I see. So who was the first Michelle Debois?’
Debois sighed.
‘I don’t believe I am giving away any secrets when I tell you that he was the result of a great deal of genetic modification as Earth prepared for the expected return of Mr. Russell. Naturally those modifications have been carried on through the many generations of clones that followed over a period exceeding 3000 years, and that brings you to me.’
‘So you‘ve got special powers or something? Great! What can you do?’
‘That would need to be revealed in the fullness of time, my dear.’
‘Oh, you’re no fun.’
‘You’d be surprised.’ Debois turned then, as Jack came on deck.
‘Jack.’ He said. ‘Is it time? Are we there yet?’
Jack paused, glancing at Sarah and Debois.
‘We’re close. You can get yourselves ready, if you want.’
‘Where are we going?’ Asked Sarah. ‘Will there be people there?’
‘It’s a world named Springhaven and, yes, there will be people there. That’s probably where we’ll drop you off, unless something goes disastrously wrong.’
‘Disastrously wrong? What makes you think anything could go wrong?’ Teased Debois.   
‘Get Max, will you.’ Said Jack, ignoring him.
‘So, Springhaven. What can we expect there? Ravening beasts, ambulant trees, delightful brain sucking butterflies?’
‘Nothing like that. We will have to meet the locals; they are what’s left of a human colony that settled there several thousand years ago.’
‘The remnants of a colony? I’m not sure I like the sound of that.’
‘Things happen. It’s as simple as that. It was a comfortable temperate world, originally. But they allowed unintended climate change to melt the ice caps and raise the level of the seas. Dry land is at something of a premium there. You’ll see that when we arrive.’
 
Chapter 42
They descended quickly towards the blue and white world, buffeted by the thick cushion of air that surrounded it.
They raced across the rippled blue water, the white clouds watching their progress, large birds vainly attempting to follow. They had to circumnavigate half of the globe before their destination came in to view.
And what a view it was.
The top was still invisible, hidden in the clouds. The bottom was also kept from view, obscured by the curvature of the world.
But the middle was there for them to see, towering over them.
It was only a tree, but it stretched from the ground to the heavens. Its great tan bulk seemed to have its own gravity as crowds of white and grey birds spun around its lower levels.
‘Welcome to the Skytree.’ Said Jack, proudly. ’I planted it.’
As they approached the Skytree, the ship slowed and began to circle its base, gradually rising towards the lowest branches, a full kilometre above the improbably small island that supported the tree.
‘We won’t be able to land anywhere, so we’ll just hop from the ship onto the nearest branch.’
Max glanced at Sarah. ’It’s a long way down.’ He said.
‘You’re suits will stop you from falling, so you don’t need to worry about the height.’ Said Jack.
‘Be sure they’re switched on.’ Said Debois, hurriedly.
‘Trust me.’ Said Jack.    
When he stepped on to the edge of the hatchway, Max looked up at the thick branch just above his head and placed one hand on its comforting bulk.  With a thought, he floated up and stepped onto its flat upper surface. It must have been 10 metres wide at least, but he couldn’t judge the length as the branch bent away from him, downwards and to the left, and became entangled with other nearby branches.
The others joined him as he bent to run his hand along the smooth skin of the branch. Surely this wasn’t natural, he thought.
‘If we walk towards the trunk, we should meet the people who live here.’
‘Have you been in contact with? Oh, which one is this now? Number Four, I would say.’
Jack paused to consider Debois’s guess.
‘Yes, you’re right. He is waiting for us. There is a slight complication, though. I didn’t really think it through when I hid him here. So he can’t come to us under his own steam.’
‘Which is why we are going to meet the inhabitants of this overgrown tree?’
‘That’s about it. Number Four doesn’t want to be destructive about this. He thinks they may be able to help.’
‘So we have to be charming, then?’
‘That’s why I’ve brought you, Debois. For your people skills.’
‘Flattered, I’m sure.’
Sarah turned to watch the ship glide silently away to take up station somewhere above the tree, she guessed. 
‘They want us to stay here.’ She whispered to Max, as they started to follow Jack and Debois. ‘But there’s nothing here but this great stupid tree.’
‘There could be all sorts of things here we haven’t seen yet. Give it a chance.  As you said, if they aren’t going to take us home to Earth, this might be the only option we get.’
They strolled along the branch hand in hand, in no hurry.
‘You know, don’t you? About Jack, I mean.’ Asked Max, in a quiet voice.
‘Of course I do. I recognised him as soon as I saw him. I don’t know much about history, but I do know that much. We did him at school.’ 
‘Don’t you think it’s strange that Debois is still going through this charade?’
‘I guess he knows what he’s doing.’
They caught up with Jack and Debois at the trunk. This close, they could barely detect its curve. It could have been just a high wooden wall.
Sarah stepped back and looked upwards. All she could see was the next layer of branches blocking out any further view. She looked to her right at the next branch on her level.
There were people there.
They were only 30 metres or so away and she could see them clearly. They looked tall and skinny, with disproportionally long arms and legs, and tiny heads. They seemed to notice Sarah at almost the same time; they began to gesture to each other. Then one stepped of the branch and began to walk towards her.
Slightly puzzled, Sarah looked down and realised that there was a woven fibrous mesh hanging loosely between the branches, which supported the man easily as he walked in a bouncy fashion towards her.
‘Jack!’ She hissed.
‘I see him.’ Came the reassuring response.
The man flipped himself on to the branch with a relaxed, accustomed movement.
When he stood to his full height, Sarah was surprised to see that he was quite a bit shorter than she was. Not a situation she’d come across very often in her young life. She was also a little surprised to see that he was naked except for a rope belt loosely fastened around his narrow waist.    
The man looked at each of them in turned, studying their faces closely.
‘Hello.’ He said at last. ‘Are you from below or on high? Does the sea feed you or is your sustenance from the sky?’
Debois recognised a formal, ritual greeting when he saw one.
‘We have come to your Skytree from afar, from a planet that orbits a distant star.’ He was stumped a little then. He wanted to ask to be taken to their leader, but he couldn’t think of a rhyme that wasn’t offensive.
‘For goodness sake, Debois!’ Said Jack, stepping forward. ‘There’s no need for this pantomime.’
He gave a short bow and held out his hand.
‘My name is Jack Russell. My friends and I hope that you will make us welcome. We have no intention to harm you or your tree.’
The little man took his hand.
‘My name is Arrow, and I welcome you and your peaceful friends. If you follow me, I will take you to a comfort place where you can be refreshed and rested, and meet our seniors.’
‘Just what we need.’ Said Debois.   
Arrow guided them back to the trunk where they found a narrow ledge encircling the tree, providing access between the branches.
‘The Old Folk use this.’ He said, indicating the ledge. ‘They don’t like to use the nets to traverse the levels. If you walk 20 Degs around the trunk, you’ll find a pulley lift that will take you up 3 levels to the nearest comfort place. I’ll meet you there. I don’t use the lifts, none of us Climbers do.’
With a little bow he turned to the trunk and leaped upwards. His fingers and toes were equipped with sucker like extrusions that clung securely to smooth bark, and in seconds, he was up and out of their view.
 
Chapter 43
‘Well Jack. What do you think? Shall we follow him straight up or do you want to try the rickety old lift?’ Asked Debois.
‘Let’s take the lift, shall we? If they didn’t see us arrive, there’s no need for them to be aware of our capabilities.’
So they walked in single file along the narrow ledge, Jack followed by Debois, Sarah and Max. Sarah was quite relieved that there was no danger of falling due to the nets between the branches.
After walking 50 or 60 metres, they came to the lift.
It wasn’t quite as rickety as Debois had suggested, but its design and condition were not particularly reassuring. There was an open woven chamber, large enough to take all four of them, and in the centre was a wooden winding handle, attached to a thick rope that passed through the floor and ceiling.
‘Seems a bit physical to me.’ Said Debois. ‘Looks like a job for you, Jack.’
Jack stepped into the lift, his weight making it groan.
‘On second thoughts, you go first. ‘ Said Debois.
Jack set to work on the winding handle and was soon slipping through the thick vegetation above.
After a short pause, the lift was lowered back down to them. Max’s muscles were brought into play to bring the rest of them up to the comfort area.
There they found Jack, Arrow and a group of tree dwellers. There were a number of skinny Climbers, dressed in the same casual manner as Arrow but, amongst them, there were also a few small, dumpy fully dressed people.
The comfort area was a wide flat place where several branches seemed to have been fused together.
‘Let me introduce you to the Climbers and Old Folk gathered here to welcome you to Skytree, they are keen to help you find that this is a pleasant place to be.’ Said Arrow, grandly.
Debois was about to respond with a rhyming effort of his own, when Jack beat him to it.
‘Thanks you Arrow, for your welcome. We have come asking a favour. We don’t have time for much in the way of pleasantries so I hope you don’t think us rude.’
There was a murmur amongst the crowd suggesting that his hope was forlorn.
‘There is an object buried inside the base of your great Skytree and we have come to retrieve it, with your help. We don’t want to harm the Skytree; not at all. But we believe you can persuade the tree to give us back this object; to eject it from its flesh.’
The crowd continued to mutter. One of the Old Folk stepped forward. He wasn’t in fact very old, although he did have a beard.
‘We don’t know you. We don’t know your father. We don’t know his father.’ He paused and glanced back at the crowd for support.
‘You are from outside. You are not tree-born. We owe nothing to you or your unfortunate companions. We will feed you and give you respite, for that is our way. But nothing else will be provided. And we will certainly not make the Skytree bend to your will.’ He took a step forward, his chest out, and nodded.
The crowd joined him in the nod.
Debois moved forward, before Jack had a chance to react in his unsubtle way.
‘Thank you so much for your warm welcome. We are hungry and tired and are please to accept your generous gift.’
‘I’m not hungry.’ Muttered Jack.
‘When we have eaten and rested, perhaps you would be so kind as to show us the wonders of this great Skytree.’
The little Old Folk smiled, pleased to be able to show generosity, without actually giving very much away.
Despite the initial frostiness, it turned out to be quite a warm reception, as the tree dwellers were interested in their visitors and had never met anyone at all like Debois. 
‘So, you’re going to charm them into giving us what we want?’ Jack asked Debois, quietly.
‘Whatever gets it done.’
The Old Folk spokesman, named Jeremiah, was particularly enamoured of Sarah. 
‘Your hair is so short and neat and … there must be a word, but I can’t think of it.’ He said, leaning a little closer to her chest than was generally considered acceptable in polite society.
‘Styled?’ Suggested Sarah, not in the least concerned by the attention.
‘That’s the word. Styled. Yes, that’s right. Our ladies don’t style their hair in quite the same way. They tend to go for long hair, tied into ropes. Very effective considering our environment, though you do lose something, don’t you?’
Jack was getting a little annoyed with the whole situation. This was going to take ages to get them to agree to help. Then it would probably take weeks for Number Four to be released from his prison in the bowels of the tree.
He was tempted to just rip him from the tree and ignore the results. They’d be gone long before any action could be taken.
But, he was trying to play nice, so he held back to give Debois a chance to work his wonders. 
Also, he wanted to leave Sarah and Max behind him, and this was probably the best place they were going to find.  He couldn’t leave them to face the music if he was too vigorous in his extraction. Well, he could, but Debois would only complain.  
So he hovered on the edge of the party, his demeanor a little too forbidding for any of the tree-dwellers to attempt to make conversation.
As was his want when he was unoccupied, he made a sweep of the area. There was no immediate threat, though he did register the infra-red signature of a heat source at the base of the great tree.
No-one seemed to be paying him much attention, so he walked to the edge of the comfort area, and stepped off. 
As he floated below the level of the lowest branch, his eyes focused on the foot of the tree, where he could clearly see the clouds of white steam rising from the boiling sea surrounding            the tiny island that supported the unimaginable weight of the Skytree. That was how it seemed, but he knew that was not entirely accurate.  
‘This isn’t good.’ He muttered to himself as he descended.
It was obvious to him that the Skytree’s roots had become so huge and voracious that they had broken through the planet’s mantle into the very magma itself. The molten rock would have burnt the flesh of the roots to cinder and raced up the channels thus available to them, until they reached the surface, bringing their intense heat to bear on the water, the air and the tree.
50 metres above ground level, Jack placed his hand on the smooth trunk of the tree. It felt warm to the touch; too warm. What damage was that heat doing to the tree? And what damage was it doing to his replicant?
Of course his body was resistant to heat. But it was short, sharp, sudden intense heat that it was designed to prevail against. Not this slow, gradual, unforgiving heat that wasn’t going to stop. Over an extended period, the replicant’s body could fail.
He landed on the rough rock of the island; only a couple of metres from the bubbling sea. The steam seemed to cling to him as he considered the best course of action. Whatever he did had to be done soon. He scanned the ground below him. The magma was close to the surface, liable to burst through at any moment. 
He carefully placed a containment field above the molten rock, to reduce the danger of more damage being caused to the tree.
Then he began to tear at the ground, ripping great chunks of rock out and tossing them over his shoulder into the sea. Soon, the pale meat of the tree’s great ropy roots was revealed. He activated his shatter shock facility and reduced the surrounding rock to powder. 
Now the magma was exposed, glowing and bubbling in its red orange menace, ebbing and flowing against the containment field.
For a moment, he paused, hovering over the magma lake, its glow turning his body red, and considered his next action.
His initial action may well have been a little rash; it may even have been a mistake. He should really have waited for Debois to work his magic. But the urge to do something had been too strong. And, now that he had taken action, he wasn’t going to worry too much about what he should have done; the important thing was what he did next.
The containment field would hold for a short time, but eventually the magma would find other routes to the surface.
Jack emitted an ultrasound wave that echoed through the fractured earth. The scan revealed that the planet’s mantle had been breached in so many places, over such a wide area that there was no possibility of a permanent solution to the problem.
The Skytree was doomed.
 
Chapter 44
Jack was standing in a cave; the walls formed by the enormous roots of the tree and the floor, the newly cleared rock with the plasma pool at its centre, throwing its red glow up at the wood of the tree that formed the roof.   
Just above his head, Jack could sense the presence of Number Four. He was barely two metres into the tree. A carefully targeted shatter shock reduced that barrier to dust and Number Four’s ravaged body fell in to his waiting arms.
Jack carried him out into the open and laid him on the rocky ground. With the heat from the magma pool and the steam from the sea, they could have been lounging in a sauna.
Number Four’s limbs were twisted and distorted by long exposure to the extreme heat; only one arm seemed to have any sort of movement. But the head and torso were intact, and he was conscious.
Jack inserted a batch of super nanos that would start the repair process. Within a few hours, he would be as good as new.
Jack then picked him up again and slowly carried him up to the branch levels of the tree, passing the great, field sized patches of moss-like growths that covered large areas of the lower trunk. During the time it took to reach the comfort area, they discussed the issue of the tree and came up with an extravagant solution to the problem.
When they arrived at the comfort area they were surrounded by the tree dwellers and their companions.
‘Is he going to be alright?’ Asked Sarah.
‘He’ll be fine. He just needs a few hours to recover. So I’ll prop him up against the trunk, out of everyone’s way.’ Jack was as good as his word, and Number Four was left to continue his recovery alone.              
‘I need to speak to Arrow and the leader of the Old Folk.’ Said Jack, when he re-joined the crowd. ‘It’s really urgent.’
Within minutes, the three earth-born and two tree-born humans were gathered around Jack, with the rest of the tree dwellers watching from a short distance.
‘The tree is going to die if we don’t do something to save it. With the heat it is having to bear, it may even catch fire and you don’t need me to tell you what that would mean for you.’
‘We know about the magma; this is not new. But there was nothing we could do to protect Skytree from the harm it was doing. The only thing we could do was study our scriptures and seek the answer there.’ Said Jeremiah.
‘And how did that work out for you? What great solution did you come up with after your studies?’ Asked Debois, not bothering to hide his distain.
‘We found records of the last time Skytree was in peril, in danger of collapsing under its own great weight. Our people then had no answer to the cracks that began to appear, to the groaning of Skytree as it fought to survive. But a stranger appeared, from beyond Skytree. And he provided the Tether, and we were saved. And now you strangers have arrived and you will perform your appointed roles and save us.’ The Old Folk leader bowed his head and muttered something unintelligible under his breath.
‘How nice it must be, to have us strangers riding to your rescue whenever the need arises.’
‘Was that you?’ Asked Sarah, quietly.
Jack made no response.
‘What’s this Tether thing then?’ Asked Max.
‘As you’re going to be staying here when we leave, I might as well show it you.’ Replied Jack. ‘Follow me.’
The four of them activated their anti-grav units and rose above the crowd of tree dwellers, disappearing into the thick foliage above.
Below them, the Old Folk leader folded his arms and nodded at his companions wisely.
 
Chapter 45
As they rose, they passed dwellings in a wide variety of forms. There were hanging basket type affairs, swinging gently beneath the branches. There were larger domelike dwellings where the branches had been cajoled and teased into growing just so. There were great chambers, seemingly carved into the very flesh of the tree. But no tools had been used. The tree had been persuaded to create the chambers itself by the wonderful whispering skills of the Tree Weavers. There were balloons floating in the highest levels, their baskets home to the more adventurous tree dwellers.
The residential neighborhoods began to thin out as they passed the 3 kilometre level, with the Skytree still broad and strong. Its branches were now home to squirrels, sloths, snakes, monkeys, lizards, all modified to be comfortable at such heights. And of course it was home to birds in their incredible variety of colours and sounds.
And still they ascended. The humans’ suits sprouted breathing gear to provide extra oxygen as the air grew thinner. Jack of course was fine.  
At the 9 kilometre level, they reached the Tether.
It was a wide band of metaform material that encircled the trunk of the tree; more than 50 metres in width and 2 metres thick, its dull black colour contrasting with the light brown of the bark.
Every 20 metres, along the centre of the band, were anchor points for the ½ metre diameter hawsers that stretched tautly up into the light blue sky.
‘So these are the Tethers? Very impressive, but what are the tied to?’ Asked Debois, his eyes fixed on the hawsers as they disappeared in the distance.
Jack was in an unusually compliant frame of mind, so he answered the question.
‘They are fixed to a medium sized asteroid in orbit, travelling at the appropriate speed to keep the carbon filament cables tight enough to support a considerable portion of Skytree’s weight and enable it to carry on growing and giving living space to all these people and animals.’
‘Bit of a coincidence that the asteroid is in just the right place and travelling at just the right speed.’
‘Not really, when you consider that I put it there in the first place. I also fitted a mass driver to it so that it can increase its speed to maintain tension as Skytree gains mass over time and prevent the asteroid’s orbit from degrading.’  
‘All very humanitarian of you, I must say.’
‘Well, it wasn’t entirely my idea. I received a distress call from Number Four and it was a real stroke of luck that I wasn’t too busy doing something else, so I was able to come and take the necessary action.’
‘So, if we climbed along one of the Tethers, we’d reach the asteroid?’ Asked Max, looking as if he wanted to give it a try.
‘In theory, yes. But probably not a great idea in practice. And there’s nothing much to see up there, anyway.’
‘So, that’s how you solved the first crisis. Do you have an equally ingenious solution to the current one?’ Asked Debois.
‘Yes, I think so. But it’s going to take a lot of work to accomplish it. And the tree dwellers are going to have to accept a radical change to their circumstances.’
 
Chapter 46
Jack wasn’t entirely happy about the amount of time the rescue attempt was likely to take up. And he wasn’t entirely sure why he was doing it in the first place.
He already had Number Four, so there was no compelling reason not to get on board ship and fly off to the next stage of this increasingly annoying mission.
Perhaps it was just the close proximity of other humans. It had been so long since he’d had to consider the opinions of others. And now it seemed that he wanted their good favour, or maybe he was growing soft in his old age.
Whatever the reason, he was making the attempt.
He’d already visited the asteroid a number of times and was quite pleased with the progress of the diggers, and the mass driver was already set up for its herculean task.
Down on Springhaven, the cutters were in place and the field generators were in position.
The wormhole fabricators weren’t quite ready, but they would be, well before they were required.
All that was really required now was to tell the tree dwellers. He’d left that task to Debois. With his charm and his people skills, he seemed the man for the job.
                       *   *   *
‘So, there you have it. That’s what we are going to.’ Debois relaxed back on the bench, his back against the smooth wall of the tree chamber. 
The room was filled to overflowing with the senior tree dwellers, both Old Folk and Climbers. Max and Sarah were also there, for support.
‘Is it possible? Can you really even do this? And would we be safe?’ Asked Arrow, wearing his ceremonial red belt; still otherwise naked.
‘Good questions. I must admit that I was a little cautious at the idea of supporting this rescue attempt. But Jack has explained the mechanics and, whilst they are admittedly a little extreme, I am now convinced that this can be done.’
‘Skytree has always provided for us. What if we stay and wait for it to save itself? We have time surely, there’s no need to rush into this folly.’ The Old Folk leader urged those assembled in the chamber.
‘The simple answer to your question, good sir, is that you don’t have time. You can’t wait for some other saviour. If you don’t do this, and do it now, then you will all die. Skytree will burn and that will be the end. It is no more complicated than that.’
‘You are asking us to risk our lives now, but it might be years before anything bad happens. And it might not happen at all. The roots might only have broken in to a small reservoir of magma. It might be exhausted in a few weeks and Skytree could recover and everything could remain the same.’
Debois sighed internally. Was he going to have to give them a lesson in plate tectonics? 
‘It’s not a small reservoir.’ He continued, his tone completely relaxed. ‘Jack has performed an exhaustive series of scans, so there is no doubt. No doubt at all.’
Surprising everyone, including herself, Sarah stood up and spoke.
‘You have to do this. You have to trust Jack. He saved us, he saved you before, and he will save you now. That’s all I have to say. Trust Jack. This is what he does.’
Max clapped as she sat down. Debois brushed his palms soundlessly together, uncertain what had astounded him most. Sarah’s public-speaking or her audience’s reaction to her words. There was some muttering, but there were also nods, and even 3 people clapping. 
Jeremiah looked disgruntled, turning his head from side to side as he watched the crowd’s reactions, obviously worried that he’d lost their support. A born politician, he wasn’t going to let his own beliefs get in the way.
‘Despite my personal fears for the safety of our great Skytree, I feel that it is in the interests of my fellow tree dwellers that we agree to let Jack save us.’ There was a nod, and some favourable sounding muttering.
Debois glanced at Sarah, who was trying not to smile too broadly.
 Had her simple, heartfelt words really swayed the crowd? Or was it just her styled hair and perky breasts? 
 
Chapter 47
The day finally arrived.
The water surrounding the small island boiled as usual, the steam hiding the bulk of the cutters. As the sun was still low in the pale blue sky, Skytree’s shadow stretched to the horizon.
Jack and Debois were on board the ship, preparing to watch the show from a safe distance. Max and Sarah were also there. They wouldn’t transfer to their permanent new home on Skytree until after the process was completed. If things didn’t go to plan, they might not transfer at all.
Jack received the signal from Arrow that the tree dwellers were ready with everyone strapped into place. There was no need for further delay so he instructed his AI to start proceedings.
High above, the asteroid’s mass drivers were activated and it began slowly to accelerate, drawing the Tethers tighter and tighter.
Down below, the cutters sliced through the base of Skytree in one clean cut. The support fields were switched on, to prevent the great tree from being torn apart by the opposing forces pulling at it. The fields gave the trunk a strange blue glow that made it all seem unreal.
For a second, nothing seemed to happen. The forces were in perfect balance; the Tether pulling one way, gravity the other. Then the tree began to rise, centimetres at a time; then it was metres; then 10s of metres. The blue glow was dulled as the containment field was activated and Skytree flew into the sky.
The ship followed behind and soon the pale blue sky was no longer pale. And then it was no longer blue; just the utter blackness of space.
The tree was dragged along behind the asteroid as it raced around the planet, the Tethers stretching kilometres ahead of it. Then they began to shorten and the tree was slowly drawn towards the asteroid, its human inhabitants protected by their strappings and the atmosphere held in by the containment field. The animal tree dwellers were probably not having such a good time.
After only a few hours, Skytree was close to the asteroid and the containment field was narrowed to carefully bend its branches closer to the trunk, to enable the tree to pass inside the asteroid, to its new home.
With the tree safely inside, the entrance was covered and sealed. Then the wormhole fabricators went into action, forming two wormholes on the planet, one a little above sea level, one just below, and corresponding wormholes in the asteroid.
 With the direct link between the wormholes formed, water and air began to pour into the asteroid. In less than two days, the transfers were complete and all four wormholes were deactivated.
The asteroid was now a habitat, filled with air, water, earth that had been transferred earlier from the sea bed, and a bright artificial sun.
There were however no dells. Well, not yet anyway.
It was soon time for tearful departures. 
There was considerable hugging involved. Mostly between Debois and Sarah, and then between Debois and Max. Sarah even hugged Number Four, who’s opinion of this degree of intimacy was never clearly expressed.
Then she came to Jack. She paused for a second, unsure. Then she wrapped her arms around his waist and gave a brief, intense squeeze.
‘Thanks for saving us, and the tree, and the tree people.’
Jack placed one hand on her shoulder.
‘Have a good life Sarah. And you, Max.’
‘There’s something ……’ She began to say, but her words were drowned out by Debois.
‘It’s going to be so drab here, just me and the metal men. We are going to miss you so much, with your funny little ways and your rather noisy love making. And your cute little smile, Max.’
The moment was lost and Sarah felt bad that she hadn’t been able to tell Jack the truth.
But she stepped into the airlock with Max, hand in hand. As they cycled through, she looked up at Max and gave his hand a squeeze. They had started their adventure in a habitat and now, unbelievably, they were going to finish it in one.
As the ship pulled away from the habitat, Debois glanced at Jack.
‘Say you’re sad, Jack. Go on. Admit that you’ll miss the little mites.’
There was no response from Jack.
 
Chapter 48    
Number Five: Mk II didn’t know it, but he was just 20 hours behind Jack, when he arrived at Springhaven.
He stood on the small island for only a short time, feeling the heat rise through the rock. He could sense that the containment field would soon fail and allow the boiling magma to burst into the air.
But, shouldn’t there be a tree here?     

                          *   *   *

‘So, Jack. We’ve made three attempts, and struck out twice. Just the one success.’ He glanced at Number Four standing by the back bulkhead, as Number Seven had done.
‘I hope you have plans in place to improve your strike rate. Are we going to pay Number Two a visit next? I think that is still the most urgent situation.’
‘There is no need to pay him a visit. That situation has been resolved.’
‘I don’t see him here. And you haven’t used the virus on him. I’d know.’
‘The virus has been removed, and destroyed.’
‘I see. And when did you resolve the situation? Presumably at some stage when I was in stasis.’
‘Before we went to Turquoise, we stopped off on the way.’
‘Oh my. You do like your little secrets, don’t you?’
Debois was lounging on his chaise long, wearing a bright blue outfit, so tight that you could almost see his lunch.
‘And in what way, exactly, has the situation been resolved?’
‘Number Two will hold his position, but no longer continue the replications. He will remain passive as long as he receives confirmation signals from me. When I am safely arrived on Earth, with my family, and have lived out my full allotted years, Number Two will receive the instruction to stand down and dismantle the replicants.’
‘So this is your long term insurance option. And presumably Number Four here is your short term one; him and whoever else you succeed in collecting. Am I right so far?’
‘Spot on.’
‘So, your medium term plan is the habitat, Five Little Fish. You haven’t told me what you’ve done with it, have you?’
‘No. But I’m sure you can work it out.’
‘Okay, let’s see if I can decipher your Machiavellian scheme. Number Four here will deal with any immediate problems with your placement on Earth. Number Two is long term, but it might be quite some time before his actions impact on Earth. And Earth’s AI might take a chance and not fulfill its part of the agreement. So you need a guaranteed sanction; something that it can be sure will come Earth’s way, with disastrous consequences, unless you, or at least a version of you, are there to stop it.’
Debois was no longer lounging.
‘You are threatening to destroy Earth with Five Little Fish! That’s it, isn’t it? You’ve set it on a course, a collision course, to impact somewhere near the end of your expected life on Earth. Is that it? Is that what you’ve done, Jack?’
‘Just about spot on.’
‘But, that is so extreme!’
‘What can I say? I’m an extreme kind of guy.’
‘You can’t do this, Jack. You really can’t put Earth at risk this way.’
‘Earth will only be at risk if its AI doesn’t play ball.’
Debois could do nothing but shake his head.
 
Chapter 49 
Jack felt the ice crunch beneath his foot as he climbed out of the car. It was two days before Christmas and the papers were offering odds of only 2/1 against a white Christmas.
He’d been away for three weeks, most of that time spent in Germany and he’d taken the opportunity to visit a Christmas market, where he’d bought the compulsory bauble for the tree. The tree had started out with a gold and maroon colour scheme, but, wherever they travelled, together or separately, they brought back baubles in whatever colour appealed to them. So the colour scheme was diluted somewhat. Jack was delighted that he’d found a gold bauble trimmed with maroon ribbons; it was perfect.
When he reached the front door of their homely cottage, he realised that he had mislaid his house keys, so he sighed and knocked on the door. He was a little surprised that Ben hadn’t rushed out to see him when he pulled up, after all, it wasn’t very late.
There was no answer to his knocking, so he moved to one side and peered through the window. He could see the couch and part of the mantel piece; nothing else. He rang Julie’s mobile; again there was no answer. Beginning to feel a little anxious, he walked around the side of the cottage to the back, where he’d be able to see more clearly through the french windows.
But there was still no-one there.
He tried the door and was surprised to find that it opened. Julie was always much more security conscious than he was, she would never have left the door unlocked.
Inside, the ground floor was empty. He checked the kettle but there was no trace of heat. His heart was hammering as he climbed the stairs.
The bedroom he shared with Julie was silent and lifeless. He opened the wardrobe; it was full, but it only contained his clothes. There wasn’t a feminine item to be found.
When he went to Ben’s room, he froze in the doorway. There was no bedroom furniture at all; just an old exercise bike and a computer desk.
His family were gone, as if they had never existed in the first place.  

                    *   *   *

The planet was named Occlusion and was situated more than six hundred light years from Earth, in the constellation Crux.
Their journey had been a little frosty, with Debois more than a little upset at Jack’s plans and not giving up on his attempts to dissuade him.
‘Get over it.’ Snapped Jack, as they began their approach. 
‘Earth’s AI played hardball with me, you can hardly be surprised if I reciprocate in the same way.’
‘You’re risking the whole planet, so you can have your way. Don’t you think that’s a little more than hardball? Don’t you think it’s a bit megalomaniacal? You’ve done some ridiculously terrible things in your long life, Jack. But I’ve always thought they were unintended consequences. This time you know exactly what you are doing.’
‘Yes, I know what I’m doing. And when I return to Earth, all they have to do is let me land, and everything will be alright. I know what I’m doing, Michelle.’
‘Do you, Jack. Do you really?’
Debois studied Jack’s enigmatic face. Was now the time to tell him? To stop this madness here and now? Just finish it and accept the consequences.
But there was a job still to be done. There were other replicants still out there and each one they gathered in was another threat prevented. So the charade would have to continue to its bitter end.
The ship began to judder as they entered the edges of Occlusion’s atmosphere, and the time for conversation was over.
 
Chapter 50
The ship dipped below the thick white cloud layer and the earth below was revealed to them as they raced along the jagged coastline.
The dark grey sea lapped against the stony beach, hardly raising a froth against the shallow incline. The heading they were on took them north, where the beach rose to low cliffs, white on their exposed faces, studded with stunted trees on their landward side.
They left the coast and flew inland, over low rounded hills, coated with a course grass and dotted with more unhealthy looking trees. The land rose and the hills became mountains, cold and rocky and white capped.
They came to rest on a high plateau resting between 3 looming peaks.
‘Is this where we’ll find Number Three?’ Asked Debois, ending the extended period of silence.
‘Not here.’ Replied Jack. ‘We’ll meet him later. But first I want you to see something. We’ve arrived at the perfect time of the year for it. It’s a once in a life time experience. You have to see it. ’
‘When you sell it like that, how can I possibly refuse?’
They left the ship and glided up to the base of the nearest peak, Jack leading the way.
Debois fought a shiver as they began to rise up the sharp steep rock face. His suit kept his body warm but the idea of all that ice and cold rock and the height itself, was affecting him.
They reached a flat area, a little below the highest point of the peak with the sun resting on the distant eastern horizon, burning the sky a dusty orange. Within a matter of minutes, the sun was gone, leaving just the glow behind it.
‘Look.’  Said Jack, turning due west.
Debois followed his instruction and stared up at the dull sky. It wasn’t really dark as, this close to the galactic centre, there were so many more stars than were normally visible from Earth.
‘Well. It’s all very nice, I’m sure. ‘He turned to Jack. ‘But I don’t think it’s that special.’
‘You need to wait a bit longer. You haven’t seen it yet. It’ll probably be another hour or so.’
So they waited on the cold mountain top, a vicious icy wind threatening to disturb the topography of Debois’s hair.  The hour passed without much in the way of conversation. Both were lost in their own thoughts; their own plans.
At first Debois noticed nothing; the sky didn’t seem changed at all. Then Jack nudged him.
‘There.’ He said, pointing westward.
Debois followed the direction of his finger. There was a line of complete darkness edging eastwards, blocking out his view of the stars. As they watched, the area of blackness increased until 75% of the sky was taken up. The black area was narrower close to the horizon, and grew wider as you looked up. There were now stars visible on both sides, but the centre seemed completely empty.
‘It’s the Coalsack.’ Said Jack. ‘ A dark nebula. There are actually stars inside, but their light is deflected by the dust, so we can’t see them, even though we’re less than a 100 light years from the nearest.’
Silently they stared at the sky as the nebula slowly rolled across it.
‘There’s more.’ Said Jack, as Debois began to get a little restless.
With the Coalsack occupying the eastern edge of the sky, the western edge began to grow brighter. Debois checked his watch. That was a short night, he thought; only 4 hours or so.
But it wasn’t quite morning yet. 
More and more stars appeared until the whole of the western half of the sky was filled with light from a square area of stars. At the top of the square, were three incredibly bright blue white stars. Just below centre, was another, equally bright. Pride of place was taken by a great orange star in the centre.
‘That my friend, is the Jewel Box Star Cluster , or Kappis Crusis, to give it it’s proper name. Pretty impressive.’
‘It’s wonderful.’ Whispered Debois, His eyes drifting back and forward across the sky, from the Coalsack to the Jewel Box.
‘What sort of people would live under such a sky? What would it do to their minds to see this every night? How could they even think about the mundane, the day to day details of their existence? When they have this before them.’
Jack let his eyes dawdle across the sky.
‘They probably don’t even look up.’ He said at last, turning back to reality.
 
Chapter 51
Back in the ship, they flew away from the mountain range and into the centre of the continent, flying low over the countryside.
They could see highways below, with cities and towns dotted along them.
But the highways were empty and, even when they flew lower, there was no sign of life on the streets of the cities. Outside and around the cities, they could see farm land that was plainly not being cultivated.
‘Where is he?’ Asked Debois.
‘There is a large city up ahead. He’s there.’
‘Is there something stopping him from coming to us?’
‘The situation is a little unclear at the moment.’
‘Oh dear. I don’t like the sound of that.’
‘I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about.’
After only a few moments more flight, they approached a much larger city, on the gentle slopes on either side of a slow wide river. They landed on a patch of grass, beside the river’s eastern bank.
Before they had even had a chance to open the door, a crowd had gathered around the ship.
As Debois stood in the doorway, he counted 30 or 40 men standing quietly around the ship.
And they were all almost identical, though they were dressed differently, with a variety of hair styles, beard styles and head-ware. Some seemed at their peak of fitness, others had let themselves go a little. Some were barely out of their teens; others would soon need assistance to walk.
But they were all versions of the same original man. And that man was Jack.
‘Oh, this is going to be so much fun.’ Debois whispered to himself as he floated to the ground.
Jack joined him and together, they marched through the bowing crowd.
There was a grand sweep of steps leading to a wide glass entrance in the nearest, most impressive building. Jack led the way up the steps and into the building. They followed a broad corridor with a shiny marble floor to further steps and corridors.
At last they came to a set of double mahogany doors, four metres high and just as wide. The doors opened at their approach and they entered what could only be described as a throne-room; wide and high, lavishly decorated with gold and crystal chandeliers, rich red carpet and a full set of minions lining the walls.
And, sitting on the great gold throne at the far end the hall, they found Number Three.
 
Chapter 52
Number Three rose from the throne to greet his visitors.
It was immediately obvious to Debois that he’d had some work done.
He was fully three metres in height and the dull black body sported by Jack and all of the other replicants was certainly not for him. He favoured a much more eye-catching bright silver skin; so shiny you could see your distorted reflection in his broad chest.
‘Welcome to my little world.’ Number Three said, grandly. He descended the three white marble steps leading from the throne to their level, where he towered over them both.
‘Thank you for your welcome, Number Three.’ Debois bowed waist high.
‘I am no longer known by that ridiculous name. Please address me simply as Sire. In the third person, I will be referred to as Charlemagne. The Warrior King.‘
‘I beg your pardon, Sire. We were not made aware of your regal station.’
‘Do not concern yourself. I am a generous King and not easily offended.’
Debois glanced at Jack who was standing, unmoving beside him. He wandered how long it would take Jack to cause offence.
‘You know why we are here, Number Three.’ Said Jack.
There you go; not very long at all.
‘I fully understand your mission, Jack. But there’s really no need to be hasty, is there? Stay a while and rest. I expect you have been travelling for some time. And as for me, it would be nice to have access to company at little bit more exotic than I have been used to.’
He turned to Debois.
‘I’m sure you must be filled to bursting with interesting conversation.’
Debois smiled and nodded. ‘It has been mentioned on more than one occasion, Sire.’
‘Do we really have to go through all this, Number Three?’
‘Humour me, Jack. Let me show you what I’ve done with the place since you left, so long ago.’
‘I saw no sign of the Yeken on our way here. What have you done with them?’
‘The Yeken? Yes, well they were an unpleasant bunch, weren’t they? With that horrible socket arrangement they had which caused that disgusting sucking sound when they moved. And their eating habits! Well, if I had a stomach, I’m quite sure they would have made me quite nauseous. Had to get rid. There was no other course of action available to me. Not when I was growing my lovely new clones. Do you like them? You must, surely.’
‘You’ve killed all of the Yeken?’ Jack took half a step closer to Number Three.
‘Well, not all of them. That would have been too tiresome, ferretting them out in their little hidey holes. No, there are still some out there, mercifully far from here.’
‘You talk to him!’ Snapped Jack, as he marched out of the throne-room.
‘He can be a little tense, Sire. Please forgive his rudeness.’
‘Not at all. If we can’t give Jack Russell the benefit of our magnanimity, who can we give it to?’
‘Very kind of you, Sire.’
‘Now, as far as entertainment is concerned, we are a bit limited. Jack was never a creative person and his singing and dancing, any performance actually, were barely even basic. It must have been so hard for him, in his time on Earth, with so few actual skills.  Even his brain wasn’t really up to much; brighter than most, but duller than so many. How could he have endured that?
‘Still, I’ve chosen a small number to train up as musicians and singers; they can now give a passible performance, when properly rehearsed. Nothing original, of course. That would be too much to expect.’
He took Debois by the elbow and guided him from the throne-room.
‘We’re going to hear some late 20th century ballads. I hope you are happy with that.’
‘Of course, Sire. I can’t wait to hear them.’ 
Debois was delighted when five of the younger versions of Jack, standing before a small band, performed an enthusiastic, and  quite authentic, version of ‘Flying without Wings.’
 
Chapter 53
Jack raced from the hall, his mind racing.
Were the Yeken that decimated? Could a version of himself really be that callous? Deliberate genocide.
He was self- aware enough to accept that the things he’d done in the past had caused great harm, but none of those disasters had been voluntary or deliberate. This was a different order of evil entirely.
He didn’t bother with the ship; he simply flew into the cloudy sky, his scanners on their widest possible settings.
Fifty kilometres north of the city, he found them.
It was a small wood, nestled in a valley in a low mountain range running west to east. The clouds had cleared and the sun was warming the green slopes.
There were 3 of them, 2 mature males and a junior of indeterminate gender. 
They watched him land calmly, though there was an alertness about them that suggested they were ready to run at the first hint of danger.
The adult males were a head shorter than Jack, bipedal but with short legs and disproportionately long arms. Their bodies were as wide as they were tall and they sported bushy beards and long raggedy hair. They were dressed in traditional long brown trading tunics, their massive feet unshod.
‘Do not fear me.’ Said Jack, comfortably fluent in their language. ‘I mean you no harm.’
One male stepped forward. He brought his great arms up to waist level, the three fingered hands clenched.
‘We know you.’ He growled, his voice deep and guttural.
The other adult male moved to one side, his attitude equally aggressive.
Jack knew how strong these creatures were. If they attacked him, he wouldn’t be able to stop them without causing them considerable damage.
‘You don’t know me; you are mistaking me for another. I want to help you. I want to give you back your world. I want….to apologise for what has been done you.’
‘We don’t believe you.’
‘That is perfectly reasonable. But I declaim the name Hardron, and you must acknowledge me.’ He held his arms out at his sides, palms up. 
At the sound of that name and the truth gesture, the Yeken turned to each other. The largest one shook his shaggy head and spat extravagantly into his left palm. The other spun away and chugged into the woods.
The remaining Yeken turned back to Jack and smeared the mucus through his beard.
‘That name is known. We acknowledge you, Hardronbrother. We shall not harm you, today. Tomorrow, things may be different.’ He held out his arms in a replica of Jack’s pose.
‘I thank you for your kindness. Tomorrow, I ask that you return to the city. Jurnent, I believe it was called, many years ago. There you will see us leave your planet. Leave and never return. That is my promise to the Sons of Hardron.’ After holding the truth posture for the required time, he dropped his arms.
‘And will you all go? The silver one and his soft bodied playthings?’
‘The silver one will be gone. The rest will have to stay, but they are not many, and they pose no threat to you. I ask that you treat them with more kindness than you received from their master.’
‘That is not for me to decide. It may be that the cleft stone will make the final decision.’
‘If that is the case, I can say no more. I claim no right to interfere.’ Said Jack, knowing that the cleft stone was never going to provide a bloodless solution. But he had done what he could to save the clones.
‘Tomorrow, we will arrive at Jurnent at sunrise. We will see him go, or there will be bloodshed.’
The Yeken turned and lumbered into the woods, the youngster trundling behind.    
Jack watched them go; his mind filled with memories of his old friend.
They’d met on a world far away from both Occlusion and from Earth. A world that could have been Earth’s sister, it was so rich in all that life might need. The place was called Wierworld , occupied by the Wier, a  strangely complicated people, equally mild and bellicose,  relishing all sorts of activities that they were not really physically equipped for, including war.
But their wars were small scale, in a controlled specific area. Only soldiers were involved and even they were allowed to be exposed to violence for just a short period of time. A battle lasted no more than 6 hours and a war was restricted to 5 battles.
The peace treaty that would follow the war was agreed on by all parties before commencement of hostilities. If any party was not happy with the results of the war, there was always the option to start another one, after a proscribed period of time had elapsed. 
All very civilised.  
Hardron was on the planet as a mercenary and, on this visit, was due to fight on behalf of the Left Leggers, against the Right Leggers.
The Wier were 1 metre high oval creatures with 2 soft marshmallow-like heads that could swivel independently. They were equipped with 4 short legs, aligned in a row, that could only move sideways. This arrangement had 2 main effects. Firstly, they walked sideways; some walked to their left and were called Left Leggers and, you can work out the rest.
The other result of their unusual leg arrangement was that they were very easy to push over.
Not a great advantage for a soldier, which was why they used mercenaries to do the actual fighting. Of course, this gave them the added benefit that no Wiers were ever hurt as a result of their frequent wars.
Even more civilised.
Jack was there because his ship had crashed.
If you spend thousands of years flying round the cosmos, sooner or later, something is going to go wrong.
 In this case, the ship lost its sense of the exact location of the planet it was approaching. It wasn’t that the proximity sensors went wrong, with so many of them spread all over the ship’s surface, that was never likely to happen. But they did all feed into a single receiving junction that processed their input and passed it on to the ship’s AI. That was where the fault occurred. So, although the ship was aware of the planet, its exact coordinates were not transmitted. 
The ship fixed the problem in less than a second, but by that time, its disastrous course had been set.
Landing on grass, or on a beach, or even in the sea; all would have been fine.
But there was this rock.
This was long before the ship was equipped with the complete array of fields she sported now, so, when her bow hit the massive, half buried rock, considerable damage was done to both the ship, and her passenger.
Jack’s back was broken just above his waist and most of the servo mechanisms that powered his legs were crushed.

He ignored the thick, viscous liquid that dribbled from his broken body and crawled out of the ship, worried that there might be a fire. He dragged himself across the rough scrubland around the ship and struggled round to the safe side of the enormous cube shaped rock.
He had already sent a set of nanos to work on his body; the best available at the time. Still, it would take a day or so before he would be fully healed. He needed to find a safe place to hide until he was able to defend himself properly.
They attacked him without any warning at all, which was a bit of a worry, as his sensors should have detected them long before they could pose any sort of threat.
There were 3 of them; tall, loose-limbed bipeds bearing great clubs. They were a head taller than Jack would have been if he had be able to stand, clad in matt white armor and wearing tall helmets.
The closest struck a jarring blow on Jack’s head, which seemed to vibrate throughout his ravaged body. Another went for the body, jabbing his club firmly into Jack’s chest. The third leapt into the air and brought his club crashing down on Jack’s left leg.
Throughout the attack, they were absolutely silent.
Jack wasn’t hurt by any of this, but he was beginning to get annoyed at all of this unwarranted attention.
He flicked a hand out and broke the leg of the first attacker. The second was a little slow to react, so he ended up with a selection of broken limbs. The third only just escaped his grasp.
He stood a metre out of arm’s reach and rained blow after blow down on Jack’s head. The creature was very strong, if a little unimaginative. Jack began to worry that his body might not be able to withstand the punishment much longer, so he shatter shocked the club to dust.
The creature was swinging it at the time and the shock of losing his club caused him to stumble forward into Jack’s reach.
More broken bones; but still no screams.
Then Hardron appeared, blowing a whistle and proceeding to admonish the injured attackers.
Jack cycled through his translation programmes and came up with one that recognised the language, an Occlusive dialect.
It seemed that the current battle had actually finished 30 minutes earlier, and the white armored soldiers had no business attacking a non-combatant anyway. If they wanted to take part in the next day’s battle, they’d better get themselves fixed.
As the disgruntled soldiers hobbled off, Hardron turned to Jack.
He was big, wide and hairy, his body covered in thick, coarse brown and black hair, which was all for the best as he was otherwise naked.
‘No armor?’ asked Jack. ‘Or pants?’
‘We Yeken always fight naked. Armor is for cowards, and clothes are for courtship or trade. Who are you and why are you here in a battle zone?’
It was the start of a friendship that lasted more than 30 years; the longest in Jack’s extended life.
They travelled together, after Hardron had finished his stay on Wierworld. He’d asked Jack to fight along-side him but, it seemed, there were strict rules about the use of weapons of mass destruction, so Jack had to decline.
From Jack’s point of view, there was no reason for the friendship to end. The Yeken were long-lived people, and Hardron had not yet reached middle age.  He looked forward to many more years of company on his travels. Then, without any warning, Hardron asked Jack to drop him off at home.
‘It is time for me to mate.’ He said slowly, from his squat-place near the front bulkhead.
So Jack took him to Occlusion and dropped him off in the great northern city of Jurnent.    
Less than 3 years later, Jack returned to look up his old friend.
He was appalled at what he found. The big loud bulldozer was no more. Instead he found a bent skinny creature, with dull eyes and a quiet voice. The fire and the bulk had gone from him.
‘This is what happens when we mate.’ Whispered Hardron. ‘We lose so much of ourselves. The female retains our genitals when the coupling is complete, and this is all we are left with.’
Jack put one hand on his old friend’s bony shoulder, but he could think of nothing to say that would actually have any meaning.
So he simply said goodbye and left as soon as he could.  
 
Chapter 54
Number Five: Mk II reached Occlusion just as Jack met Number Three for the first time. 
He landed and, in full stealth mode, walked into the throne room as Jack stormed out, almost brushing against him as he went. He could have taken him there and then, he was sure, but Number Three might have intervened, and there would surely be a better time soon.

                      *   *   *

‘We are leaving tonight.’ Announced Jack, as soon as he was back inside the throne-room.
Number Three was on the throne, holding court with a small band of Jacks, and Debois.
‘Why the haste, oh Original One?’ Number Three’s voice boomed across the room. ‘I have a number of entertainments planned for the next few days. It would be a shame to miss the fun.’
‘I’ll try to get over the disappointment.’
Number Three waved his hand at the Jacks and they scurried out of the room.
‘I know that you can compel me, Jack. But leave me a little dignity. That’s not too much to ask. Another couple of days and I’ll accept whatever role you intend to give me.’
‘Sorry. It can’t be helped. We have to go tonight, before the Yeken arrive.’
‘We have nothing to fear from the Yeken.’
‘I’m aware of that.  But we will not be here when they arrive. I have given them their world back.’
‘And my babies? What will become of them?’
‘They will reap what you have sown.’
‘Very biblical, Jack.’ Said Debois. ‘ But surely you can’t leave them to the mercy of these creatures?’
Jack turned to Number Three.
‘How many clones are there?’
‘3333, approximately.’
‘Too many to take with us. We don’t have any choice. We have to leave them behind.’
‘In that case you will have to…’ Number Three stopped, his body leant forward a little, one hand raised slightly.
Debois prodded him with one bright red fingernail.
‘What have you done to him?’
‘It’s a safety measure I incorporated in all of the later replicants. I’ve just switched off his AI. All control of his body goes through it. Also all of his senses rely on it. So, although he is still conscious, he has no sensory input at all.’
‘So what are you going to do know?’
‘I’ll control his body remotely myself and take him to the ship.’
‘Not a very dignified end to Charlemagne’s reign.’
‘It happens to us all in the end.’  
The next morning, when a large band of Yeken approached the city, they were met on the outskirts by the lone figure of Jack.
As they grew nearer, Jack bent and place a hand on each knee, his head tilted to one side. This was the traditional Yeken passive pose and he hoped that it would delay any immediate aggression.
A male who could have been the Yeken that Jack had spoken to the day before, strode ahead of the crowd.
Before he could say anything, Jack stood upright.
‘The shiny one has gone already, and I am about to leave. But I would ask a favour of you, if you are willing.’ With one hand behind his back and the other across his chest, no Yeken would miss his supplication pose.
The male spat into each palm and wiped them through the dark, thick hair on his head. He turned to his comrades and seemed to study their postures for a moment. Some were openly aggressive, their great arms held wide from their bodies, massive fists clenched. Others were shaking their hairy heads and spitting into their palms.
It wasn’t clear to Jack what the consensus was going to be, but the leader suddenly turned and smacked Jack in the middle of the chest. He then stepped back and put one hand half way down his short thick thigh.
Jack took this to be a positive move.
‘There is a small island a couple of hundred kilometres south of here. I would ask that you allow these humans, who were also victims of the shiny one, to travel there and end their days in peace. They have done you no harm themselves, not of their own volition. In the name of my dear friend Hardron, I do not demand this, I only ask you to be lenient.’
The male stood up to his full height, but made no other response.
When the silence had lasted several minutes, Jack bowed and placed one hand on his mid-thigh.
‘The decision is yours. I will leave now, and never return.’
He straightened his back and took a long step backwards. Then he activated his anti-grav and floated into the sky.
The leader barely glanced at him as he rose. He banged one fist against his thick belly, then began to march towards the city, his arms wide from his body, his great fists clenched.
Jack hovered a couple of hundred metres above and watched them enter the city. Their attitude was a little more belligerent than he had hoped it would be, but that didn’t necessarily mean that the clones were in danger. It was just the way they usually walked.
He was about to turn and join Debois and the others back at the ship when he was hit by Number Five: Mk II, travelling at something in excess of 500 kilometres per hour.
The replicant was designed to defeat Jack in a physical contest; with stealth, with speed, and with ferocious strength.
Caught completely unawares, Jack had no opportunity to raise a field or defend himself in any way, before the shock of impact compromised most of his internal systems and he fell to the ground, damaged and suddenly helpless.
Number Five: Mk II swung around in a great curve and came to rest a couple of metres from him, switching off stealth to be sure that Jack would see what was about to happen. Standing over him, his shadow invisible on Jack’s dark skin, he prepared to deliver the Coup de Gras; he wasn’t going to waste any time arguing with Jack, he already knew that would be useless.
In a last desperate attempt, Jack reached out to remotely override the replicant, to no effect.
Number Five: Mk II didn’t even notice the attempt. Holding both hands before him, his wrists flipped back, exposing the muzzles of his plasma cannons. Without a second’s hesitation, he opened fire. Even Jack’s metaform body would not withstand this assault for long.
As we well know, Jack had been around for a very long time. And it was perfectly natural that, during his less active times, he would consider various situations that he might find himself in where he could be in serious danger, and how he should respond. 
So, as he fell to the ground, an automatic protocol was activated.
Just as the plasma cannons were about to be activated, he fell into the perfect moment of stasis and was invulnerable to all external interference.
As the molten intensity of the plasma dissipated harmlessly against the stasis field, the replicant knew that he was in trouble. Jack was never only going to have such a passive defence as the stasis field; there had to be something a little bit more aggressive involved.
And there it was, coming at him at a ridiculous speed, all guns blazing, lighting up the sky with its multicoloured munitions; Jack’s ship.
He slipped into stealth mode and flew straight up, sure that the ship would never be able to regain its target. But the ship had tagged him remotely before it appeared over the horizon, and a tiny magnetic disc foiled his hi-tech evasive capabilities as it broadcast his exact position to the ship.
There was no loud explosion; just a quite thud as his body collapsed in on itself at a molecular level as the weak nuclear force that held it together was compromised.
The ship landed beside Jack and waited.
After a predetermined time had elapsed, the stasis field switched itself off and Number Four left the ship and retrieved Jack’s damaged body.     
 
Chapter 55
Debois found Jack in the holding bay, in the dark.
He called up some light and joined him beside the pair of stasis chambers. For a moment Jack seemed not to notice his presence, then he turned abruptly.
‘What do you want?’
‘You know it’s not over yet, don’t you Jack? We can’t go back yet, the job isn’t finished. We still have to find Number One.’
‘He could be anywhere.’
‘You still have to find him. You might be able to convince Earth’s AI that you have nullified Number Two’s threat, and that’s a long way from being certain. But they won’t accept not knowing where Number One is, and why he left Turquoise, and what his intentions are. They can’t allow a possibly rogue replicant to be loose in the galaxy.’
‘He could be anywhere.’
‘So you said. It’s not helping. Think of something. There has to be some way to find him.’
‘We should be able to trace him through his interface with the 12th Prime. Whenever I flicker, that’s the Prime I use, it’s close in to the Absence and has the easiest access to real space. Flickering causes disturbance in the Prime’s reality flux and we should still be able to detect the residual effects of that disturbance.’
‘Does that mean we have to enter the 12th Prime?’
‘It’s the only way we can track him.’
‘And what’s it like then, this 12th Prime?’
‘I’m not sure you’ll like it very much. I should put you in stasis while we’re there.’
‘I’d prefer to be aware of what was going on. That is my role, after all; as Earth’s observer. ‘
‘If that’s what you really want, then there are a couple of things you need to be aware of. First, the web of this Prime actively feeds off heat, so we must only stay there for as short a time as possible or there will be damage to the ship. Secondly, thoughts are a little strange there, producing physical manifestations that can cause difficulties. So, you’ll have to restrict your thinking, and specifically the range of your thoughts, to a minimum.’
Debois frowned.
‘What do you suggest I do? My mind is always racing from one thing to the next.’
‘I find that counting to 10, over and over again helps. You still get the ribbons, but they are thin and easily avoided.’
‘Ribbons?’
‘Yes, that’s what will emerge each time you think. If you’re not careful, you can become entangled in them and you may end up being choked to death.’
‘I see. Have you been there before?’
‘Once or twice. When we flicker, we don’t enter the Prime. We actually bounce off its boundary, so we don’t get the effects we’re going to see when we break through.’
‘Okay, let’s do it, then. Before I weaken and accept the stasis.’
‘Okay, strap yourself in and start counting. Count slowly and try to focus on what you are doing. Don’t let your mind wander.’
Debois lay back in his couch and closed his eyes.
‘One. Two. Three.’
‘You don’t have to count out loud, do you?’
‘Sorry.’
There was no obvious change in the ship’s motion, and with no windows and the video screens not in operation, there were no visual tale-tails. But his stomach knew immediately that something was not right, and Debois stopped counting as he fought to keep his breakfast down.
The ribbon that extruded from his forehead started a deep, navy blue, but as it grew, there were greens and yellows interwoven with violet and shocking pink. He watched fascinated as the ribbon grew longer and thicker and began to wrap itself around his body. When he realised what it was doing, he became nervous and a second ribbon appeared, with browns and orange the predominant colours.  It grew quickly and was soon joining the first encircling his body.
‘Count!’ Shouted Jack, his own body already becoming entangled with 4 or 5 thick pulsing ribbons, twisting and weaving around his body.
‘One. Two.’ Debois forced himself to focus on the numbers. A new ribbon emerged, narrow and pale, presenting a range of pastel shades.
When he got to 10, he found he was watching the new ribbon instead of thinking about counting, and another one appeared. Then another, and another.
‘Jack!’ He called, suddenly fearful for his life.   
Jack stepped over to him and sliced through the ribbons with one knife sharp finger.
Relieved for the moment, Debois groaned as he saw more ribbons forming, and the original ones still growing.
So involved was he in the ribbons, he barely noticed the cold creeping up on him, until he realised that he couldn’t move his fingers. Holding them up to his face he saw that they were coated in frost and turning a disturbingly dark colour underneath.
Then, in the blink of an eye, the ribbons were gone, and they were back in real space.
Debois gasped as feeling came back to his fingers, in the form of real pain. He instinctively sent his nanos to repair the damage.
When the pain had faded, he turned to Jack.
‘Did you manage to find a trace of him?’
Jack shook his head.
‘Not a single sign. The only interferences I could find were those I caused myself, in my earlier journeys.’
‘So what does that mean to us?’
‘It means that Number One didn’t use TPI technology when he left Turquoise. He’s crawling at snail speed and he’s probably no more than 1000 light years from Turquoise.’ 
‘That’s still a big area to search.’
 ‘The only way we could possibly find him would be if he was in distress and sent out a signal.’
‘And if he is not in distress?’
‘Then we have to accept that we will never find him.’
Debois nodded and walked closer. He glanced at the faceplates of the chambers, they were clouded but he could clearly see in side. He moved across the bay and studied the other chambers.
Wiping the frost from the view plate of the standard size chamber, he was not surprised at what he saw. But this was not the time.
‘What’s in the big one?’ He asked, turning towards Jack.
‘Just another option I considered, once.’
‘And..?’
There was no further response.
 
Chapter 56
So the search for Number One began.
All of the replicants were able to send out signals to their brothers, broadcasting on a TPI wavelength that flickered in and out of real space, each flicker lasting an immeasurably small part of a second. So they could be received in virtually all parts of the universe within a relatively small period of time; relative on a galactic scale.
Of course, when the signal arrived in real space, it could still be light years away from any possible receiver.   
Picking up a signal that may, or may not have been sent was, therefore, quite a challenging task.
Jack sent out swarms of self-replicating sensors in every possible direction. The sensors were set to flicker, replicate, flicker, replicate in a sequence that would cover the whole of the estimated search area, eventually. 
That was the issue here. It might take thousands of years for them to complete their task; before they were in a position to be certain to detect any distress signal Number One may have sent.
Of course, if Number One was fine and dandy, relaxing in a cave somewhere, there would be no signal and all of this effort was a waste of time.
Jack was not prepared to wait for thousands of years. Not even hundreds of years.
He was going to give it 6 months. 
If no trace had been found of Number One in that time, he would return to Earth and force them to accept his ultimatum.
The sensors had not all been sent out randomly. A number of them were targeted at known earth type worlds within 200 light years of Turquoise. 
When the signal was found, after only 10 days, it came from a location barely 20 light years from Number One’s previous home.
Debois almost leapt from his bed when Jack gave him the good news.
He followed Jack on deck, past the quiet, still figure of Number Four and the frozen, immobile figure of Number Three.
He’d already tried to persuade Jack to release Number Three from his sensory deprived prison, but to no avail.
‘This is cruel and unnatural punishment.’ He’d argued.
‘I know.’ Had been Jack’s simple reply. 
‘The distress signal came from a known planet; inhabited by humans for a couple of thousand years. It’s called Calisto. The time signature indicates that the message was sent 30 years ago. But we still have to carry on. We could still be lucky.’
Debois thought that 30 years after a distress signal was probably too late to do anything to save even a replicant, but that wasn’t a great concern to him. If Number One had been destroyed, that was fine. He just needed proof that his threat had been nullified and then they could return to Earth’ solar system and this romp across the cosmos would be over.
‘Prepare for flicker.’ Said Jack, in his best Captain Kirk voice.
 
Chapter 57
They were soon in orbit around Calisto, a glowing blue and white world with great swirling black clouds racing around its equator.
The ship made several orbits of the planet, sensors exploring the surface, searching for the replicant.
‘What’s the problem?’ Asked Debois. ‘Can’t you find him?’
‘We’ve narrowed down the source of the signal to this planet, but there is no activity there now, so we can’t pin it down any further. In fact, there is no detectable electrical activity on the planet at all.’
‘Is it possible that the colony has failed?’
‘There are clear signs of cultivation, and there are roads and cities that appear to be well maintained. It doesn’t look like a failed colony. More like it’s thriving.’
‘But how can that be? They must have machinery. May be the electrical activity is being shielded in some way.’
Jack didn’t answer for a moment.
‘I think I can see the source of the problem.’ He said, at last. ’There is one place we can detect some electrical activity. There is a device on the northern continent that is repeatedly emitting EMPs. In fact we’re a bit close for comfort. I’m going to move to a more distant orbit. We don’t want to be affected.’
He suited his actions to his words and Debois soon felt the ship adjusting its position.
‘You know what this means, don’t you?’ Said Jack, when he was happier with their position. ‘I can’t go down there. The EMPs would disrupt my internal functions. So you will have to go on your own.’
Debois nodded. He’d been expecting this.
‘Don’t you just love it when you find what you’re looking for, and it turns out to be something you no longer want?’  


                        *   *   *

‘You can’t expect me to fly in that!’ Protested Debois, when Jack presented him with his craft.
‘It’ll be fine. It’s more solid than it looks.’
‘I’ve had more solid underwear! Is that string? You can’t ask me to fly in a ship controlled by string!’
‘It’s not string. They’re carbon fibre wire pulleys. They’re the strongest part of the craft.’
‘That really helps, you know that? You’ve been immortal and indestructible for too long. Way too long.’  
The craft in question was a narrow cylinder, a little over 2 metres in length, its forward surfaces covered in a black, heat resistant film. Its short, stubby wings were equipped with rudimentary control surfaces. A detachable drive unit was fixed to its tail. 
‘Why can’t you just blast the place to bits from here? Then you can fly down and save the day.’
‘The source is inside a mountain and there are settlements all over its lower slopes. At this stage I’d prefer not to kill any more people, if it is at all possible. This really is a job only you can do.’
‘Should I salute, or something? And what happens when I land? If I land; if I’m not smashed up against that mountain.’
‘It’s quite simple. You visit the source of the EMPs, disable it, and then you find Number One.’
‘And then?’
‘Then I come and get you.’
‘That all sounds so simple, I can’t think why I should be worried. Apart from the fact that you’re sending me down in my own coffin! And I might be killed by the inhabitants of the planet as soon as I land. Or I might not be able to find Number One or the source of the EMPs. Or I might not be able to disable it. Or you might not be able to come and get me. Or this whole thing might only be your jolly way of getting rid of me!’
‘If I wanted to get rid of you, I’d just kill you.’
‘Thanks so much, for restraining yourself. Your human warmth is something to behold.’
‘It’s time to get into your ship.’
Debois stared at Jack for moment. Then he straightened the straps on his parachute and began to squeeze into the craft.
Jack felt a sudden urge to pat him on the shoulder, which he resisted.
When the sleek ship was sealed and he could barely hear the muttering from inside, he activated the lev.field and pushed the craft into the airlock.
When the Last Hope (Jack’s name for the craft, which he was kind enough not to share with Debois) was a few metres from the ship, the drive unit was activated in a programmed burn that would bring it to the best possible angle of entry.
The rest was down to physics and luck. And Debois, managing his control surfaces effectively by pulling on the string pulleys.
The entry was trouble free, though Debois was certain he could feel the heat across the upper part of his body, and there was a disturbing jerk when the drive unit disengaged.
When he broke through the high cloud layer, Debois pulled the string with the big red handle, and the ship collapsed around him into a cloud of 5 centimetre square pieces.
He was quick to pull the cord on his parachute as his body was exposed to the onrushing air. What he actually screamed during this whole process was never revealed.
The landing was as soft as could be hoped for, on the side of a low green hill.
He landed on his feet and was quite pleased not to break a leg. However, when the wind caught his parachute and dragged him down the hill in to a small marshy area and dumped him into the bog, he was slightly less pleased.
As he extricated himself, from the bog, and the parachute, he began to worry about how to make contact with the natives.
But he was soon relieved of the need to worry, as they found him.
There were four of them; two tall adult males and two slight teenagers. They were all dressed in dull brown cloaks, with thick leggings and animal flesh boots.
‘Hi.’ Said Debois, smiling broadly as he tried to wipe the mud from his clothes.
‘You came from the sky?’ The nearest male took half a step closer to him; his voice was gruff, rising at the end into a sing song query.
‘Yes. You are quite correct.’ Debois’s mind was working furiously. He’d hoped not to be seen landing, so he could go with his prepared back story.  Now he had to think of something else.
‘My balloon developed a fault, so I had to jump out of it.’ He said slowly. They didn’t have machines but surely they had balloons.
‘Balloon?’ Debois was unsure if it was a question, or just the way the guy inflected his speech.
‘Yes. A balloon carrying a basket, driven by the wind. It’s the latest thing, in the north.’
‘This is the north.’ 
Debois tried another smile. ‘Can you take me somewhere where I can clean up and maybe have some refreshments.’
The man nodded. ‘Yes, we can take you somewhere?’
With that he produced a rope from inside his cloak and flipped the noose over Debois’s head.
‘Follow me?’ He said, giving the rope a little tug.   
The other three dropped in behind Debois as he was encouraged to walk behind the leader of the small group.
They reached the top of the low hill and came upon a narrow path that wound down the other side to a small village, occupying the flat ground between two hills, nestled in the curve of a fast narrow river.
‘Oh good.’ Said Debois. ’Shelter. I should introduce myself. My name is Michelle Debois, and I am pleased to make your acquaintance.’
He looked at each of his companions, but none of them were inclined to introduce themselves.
They took him to a small wooden hut on the edge of the village and instructed him to enter, after releasing him from the noose.
‘Guard him?’ Said the obvious leader to the other three, as he walked away towards the centre of the village.
There was a low wooden stool, a sleeping area and a bag of something a horse might nibble on, but no refreshments. 
The walls were poorly made, with uneven spaces between the wooden slats, and Debois decided that escaping through them wouldn’t be too much of a problem, if that became necessary.
 
Chapter 58  
He spent much of his time in the hut thinking what a mistake it had been to come on this ridiculous assignment. He should have declared Number One dead and gone home. This attempt was doomed to failure and he was hardly an action figure.
The rest of the time he spent cleaning his nails.
The leader returned with two other men who just stood in the corner and stared at him for several moments. They were dressed in off-white robes with thick open toed sandals, and both held small black sticks.
Debois had stood to attention when they arrived, ready to bring his charm to bear on the situation. But, after enduring several minutes of this cold hard staring, he decided that wasn’t the right tack to use.
‘Listen now. Pay attention to what I say. I am regarded as an important man in my home town and I demand to be treated with a little more dignity. Or there will be unfortunate repercussions.’
‘Search him?’ Said one of the newcomers. He looked the oldest, with sparse white hair and a distinct bend to his back.
The leader of the group that had captured him stepped forward eagerly and began to paw Debois.
‘Excuse me! Is this entirely necessary?’ Protested Debois.
His captors obviously thought it was.
Debois had taken the precaution of removing all of the obviously technological items he was prone to have about his person before he started on this forlorn quest. The searcher was a little confused by the large number of zips fitted to his suit, and missed checking several of them. 
‘What is this.’ The searcher asked, tugging at his watch.
‘It’s a mechanical timepiece; there’s nothing wrong with that, is there?’
The watch was slipped off his wrist and handed to the old man. ‘We don’t like this sort of thing, here?’ He said, with the same inflection as the first speaker had used. ‘It’s not heresy, but it’s not far off? We have to be very careful with this sort of thing? Where did you get it.’
Debois was slow to react to the question only because he hadn’t realised that one had been asked. The man’s voice had dropped an octave at the end of the sentence. 
‘Oh.’ He said, after a nudge from his searcher. ‘It’s a gift from a treasured friend. It’s clockwork. No-one makes them anymore. Not for a very long time.' 
‘Still, just to be sure, I’ll look after it for you?’ He slipped the watch inside his robes.       
When he’d been searched to everyone’s satisfaction, Debois was taken from the hut and led to the centre of the village where a small crowd had gathered.
They were all dressed in similar off-white robes and were silent as Debois was guided into their midst. He considered explaining the benefits of automatic washing machines, but decided that now was probably not the best time.
‘This man flew into our land?’ Announced the oldest man. ‘He flew from on high, but we have found no dangerous instruments on his body? What shall be done with him.’    
The crowd murmured to itself for a moment, then a bent old man, in ragged robes stepped forward.
‘He should be taken to Andra?’ He announced, the volume of his voice rising to a shout on the last syllable.
An old woman then stepped out of the crowd.
‘He can be dealt with here?’ She said, her voice a hoarse whisper.
Debois was beginning to get a little nervous; it wasn’t what he’d call a warm welcome.
‘Andra?’ Shouted the man.
‘Here?’ Whispered the woman, one bony finger pointed at the ground.
Debois decided it was time to take control of the situation before things got out of hand.
‘I think I should be taken to you leader, if you have one. Then I can explain myself to him and I’m sure everything will work out fine. What do you think?’
He turned to the original old man.
‘Andra it is then?’ He said taking Debois’s arm and leading him back to the hut.
Sitting alone in his hut, Debois was unsure if any progress had been made.
 
Chapter 59
Jack was studying Number Three. If it was possible to provide him with a shield against the EMPs, he might be able to offer insurance against Debois being less than successful in his mission.
It would be risky; at any time the shield might fail and Number Three would be stuck on Calisto, unable to return.
Was it worth risking Number Three to save Number One?  He was in danger of ending up with just one replicant again.
But if he was successful, he would have all three of the replicants, and he would be able to return to Earth.
There was also the question of Debois. Of course, things would go easier if he left him down there. He was still a potential danger; he surely had a plan to act against Jack when the task was complete. But was leaving him down there an option that would be acceptable to Earth’s AI?
Decisions, decisions, decisions.
Cut his losses and return to Earth with Numbers Three and Four and make them bend to his will. Or, save Number One and Debois, deal with any attempt from Debois, and return to Earth on a cloud of glory, in a much better position to be allowed to fulfill his long held wish. 
When his preparations were complete, Jack released Number Three from his lock down.
Number Three took a step away from the bulk head. He turned, studying the deck area.
‘So this is my lot, now.  A passenger on some little spacecraft, drifting across the cosmos. Light years away from my babies.’
‘There’s no need for melodrama here.’ Said Jack. ‘Anyway, I have a job for you, Number Three.’ 
‘Charlemagne, please. If I can’t have my kingdom, at least leave me my name.’
‘OK, Charlemagne it is then.’ They exchanged bows.
Charlemagne gestured towards Number Four.
‘Have you shut him down, too?’
‘No, he’s just watching you.’
‘I see. What’s this job, then?’
‘The ship’s AI is working on some equipment to shield you from EMPs. When it’s ready I want you to pay a visit to the planet below, and rescue another replicant and a man.’
‘Sounds a little risky, to me. What’s in it for me?’
‘Redemption.’ said Jack, simply.
Chapter 60
With the D-Bomb placed in close solar orbit, Number Five chugged his slow coach ship across the solar system to rendezvous with Debois’s disabled craft. If he was going to carry on and back up Mk II, he was going to need something with a little more power. In a fit of generosity, he helped the crew to repair their ship’s engines and then persuaded them that it was in their best interests to swap ships with him. Hardly any of them had to die before they agreed.
 

                         *   *   *

To say that Debois was miffed would be an understatement. He was positively livid.
They’d left him for days in the little hut, with only a couple of drinks of foul smelling water to sustain him, and a lump of bread whose provenance owed more to the gravel pit than the wheat field.
With nowhere adequate to sleep and only the most primitive of toilet arrangements, it was not a pleasant time for him.
Then he was dumped in a cart pulled by a donkey. An actual, real life donkey. Now, Debois was a student of history, specialising in the life and times of one John Russell, and he was an expert in his field. But donkeys had never featured very much in Jack’s life.
So Debois was not prepared for the smell, or the obvious inefficiency of this mode of transport. But he hardly complained at all. There were a couple of comments to show his displeasure and a dissertation on the wide range of alternative means of getting about available to your average civilised person.
The driver paid him no attention and the guard, who carried a big stick that was surely only brought to hit Debois on the head with, just glared at him.
It felt like months, but was actually only 3 days, before they reached their destination, which Debois guessed was less than 100 kilometres from their starting point.
Debois climbed out of the cart and stretched his aching back. He looked down at his stomach and was disturbed to find that his stomach had shrunk. He was actually verging on being skinny.
They’d arrived at a house. A medium sized, stone built family home that wasn’t at all impressive.
‘Is this where Andra lives?’ He asked.
The guard grunted and tied his wrists together with a coarse brown rope. Then he was shoved towards the open doorway at the end of a short, gravel lined path.
Inside, he was pushed along a narrow hallway to a room at the back of the house where the guard’s firm hand on his shoulder made him stop.
‘So, you are the flying man?’
The voice was soft and cultured, with no odd inflections. The speaker was sitting in a comfortable looking armchair across the room from him.
‘Please sit.’ He said, indicating the armchair facing him.
Debois wasted no time in obeying.
‘I’m not really a flying man. It was all a big mistake. I think the guys who found me were a bit confused; maybe had one too many drinks. You know how it is. All I did was fall down the hill and land in a bog.’
‘And the balloon you mentioned?’
‘Oh, that was just my little joke. I know I shouldn’t, but sometimes I can’t help myself.’
The man leaned forward in his chair. He was totally bald and Debois could see the veins throbbing in his forehead. 
‘My name is Andra.’ He said, softly.
‘You know, you’re the first person to introduce himself since I’ve arrived.’
‘Names are powerful things.’
‘Well, my name is Michelle Debois.’
‘And where does Michelle Debois hale from?’  
Time for the back story.
‘I’ve been travelling for months from a small town far to the south that I’m sure you won’t have heard of.’
‘That’s interesting; I’m also from the south.’
So much for the back story.
‘Never mind that now. I’ve come to learn what I can from you.’
‘From me? What could you possibly expect to learn from me?’
‘Something about the metal man.’ Telling the truth was a desperate strategy, but he couldn’t think of anything else to say.  
Andra sat back in his chair and crossed his legs. For a long moment he made no other response.
‘What do you know?’ He asked at last.
‘I merely know that you have captured a strange metal man, who came from the sky.’ Debois was thinking on his feet now.
‘Carry on.’
‘That’s really all I know.’
‘How did you find about this creature?’  
‘Oh, it was just a rumour I heard. So I thought I’d investigate.’
‘And what do you hope to achieve from this investigation?’
‘To satisfy my curiosity. That’s all.’
‘I see. Curiosity can be a dangerous thing.’
‘You’re telling me. I must tell you that your people are not very welcoming.’
‘That is because you are not welcome.’
‘I got that. But now I’m here, what harm can come from indulging me?’
Andra rose to his feet.
‘Come with me.’ He said, and turned to walk out of the room. Debois pulled himself from his chair and followed.
They left the house by the back door and walked across a neat, narrow garden. At the end they came to a small gate which led to a dirt track that wandered up the slope of the wooded hill to a large rounded rock. Beside the rock was a plain wooden door built into the side of the hill, secured by a heavy iron padlock.
Andra paused then, as if he was reconsidering his decision.
‘You realise that, once you see what is inside, you may not be allowed to leave?’
Debois nodded his agreement.
Andra pulled out a noisy bunch of keys from his robe and unlocked the door.
‘Follow me.’ He said, stepping in to the dark tunnel that was now revealed. 
Debois followed him and switched on the low light function his eyes possessed.
The tunnel was only 10 metres or so in length. At its far end was another, much more heavy duty door, secured by three padlocks.
When they’d negotiated their way through this door, they found themselves in a large rocky chamber. Andra used some sort of flintlock to light a couple of torches fitted to the walls, to provide a little light. He then lit a hand held torch he’d picked up from the floor, and led Debois to a large hole in the ground at the centre of the cave.
Holding the torch at arm’s length, he indicated that Debois should walk forward and look into the hole.
‘He’s down there.’ He said, his voice hushed.
Debois leant over the edge and focused his eyes on the bottom of the hole. It was about 20 metres deep and was covered in a flat layer of smooth rock. In the centre was the upper part of Number One, buried up to his chest in the rock. The head was still and there was no indication that he was aware of their presence, or that he was even alive.
‘How long has he been there?’ He asked, his voice a whisper.
‘A little more than 30 years.’ Said Andra, moving away from the edge.
30 years. Debois looked down at the remains of Number One. Without the active support of his body’s facilities, his brain could have survived for only the tiniest fraction of that time. The brain would have been deprived of oxygen when the body had ceased to pump.
He’d sacrificed himself for nothing.
 
Chapter 61
The Grazers were in control of Earth from near the end of the 21st century until the middle of the 23rd.
During that period, they occupied the bulk of Earth’s temperate and equatorial zones; only the frozen north and south escaped their footprint.
Although Earth’s human population was severely decimated, a small though determined resistance movement developed. In small groups, living on the edges of the occupied land, they prodded and harried the invaders.
But they were nothing more than a nuisance. With little in the way of equipment or organisation, it was hard to make a significant impact. And they always risked reprisals. If they became too active, a rampant male would be allowed to go on a run, with devastating consequences.
So it was a fine balance they maintained; irritate but don’t provoke.
That was until a band of rebels, led by the legendary fighter, Armstead, came upon a herd of females. All of the docile creatures were slaughtered.
The band retreated to their redoubt and began to plan their next attack. Over a period of 3 weeks, they repeated their attacks 4 times, all with equal success. 
On the last mission, a young female was missed. She’d wondered off from the main group and was hidden in the wood when the attack began.
When all of her herd had been slain, she followed the rebels. They were fired up and arrogant, boasting of their success to each other. They were inconsiderate of safety measures.
When the male came, in his ground shaking charge, they were caught unprepared and all perished within seconds.
But it wasn’t the rebels that forced the Grazers to leave. It was simple evolution, and the realisation that their stay was going to be fruitless.
On Turquoise, the males had to run through dangerous jungles before they could breed. Only the most able survived to pass on their seed. 
Here on Earth, there was no such trial, nothing to put the male to test. So their stock was slowly being degraded.
The older females could see it clearly. Instead of a male requiring the pheromones of 13 females to keep him calm, 10 could manage the job equally as well.
If things carried on this way, the whole sexual balance of their race was being put at risk.
But even more important than that consideration was the fact that Number One had not returned. They’d waited 150 years for him; it was time to leave and seek him out themselves.
So, during the heat of a northern summer in 2248, they packed up and left Earth far behind them. 
They left behind an Earth with a population of only few hundred million humans and much of its great wealth of resources depleted.
Despite that, it was truly the dawn of a new age for mankind, an age where man had to husband the scarce minerals and metals that were left to him, but also an age where there was room to breathe, to grow crops and trees, to fish and to hunt in ways that enhanced the environment, rather than destroy it.
The temperate and equatorial zones were re-occupied, most people living in small communities that the land could easily support, eschewing the return to big city living.
Small countries were set up, with their ideal to support the individual against all things governmental.
It developed into a golden age. Art and music flourished. Oral history and poetry became the most popular entertainments. Dance was an indulgence that even the most clumsy relished.
War and religion were relegated, along with disease and poverty, madness and politics, to the dark ages, BR. Before the Release.
The solar system was populated, with settlements on a terra-formed Mars, and a multitude of independent habitats.
And this golden age lasted for more than nine and a half thousand years.
It came to an abrupt end in the spring of 11, 875, when the Hardlampons laid siege to Earth.
 
Chapter 62
Debois turned away from the body of Number One and stepped closer to Andra.
‘Take me to the EMP generator.’ He whispered, his voice a half octave lower than its normal level. He was using a technique called willimpo. The voice was only part of it. The subject had to be absolutely relaxed and feel under no threat whatsoever. And he must not have an inkling that he was being unduly influenced.
It also required the release of a mildly soporific gas, which Debois was able to do from one of his wrist glands.
Andra nodded. ‘You’ll be fascinated to see the EMP generator. It’s just the other side of the cave, through a tunnel and there we are.’ His voice was calm and slow. 
‘Perhaps you could lead the way.’ Suggested Debois, in his normal voice. There was no need to exercise any further willimpo skills as Andra had already made the decision, apparently of his own will, to show Debois the great secret of the mountain.
Debois was a little disappointed when they reached the next cave and he found that the EMP generator was no more than simple tall, dull grey pyramid, with not a single flashing light.
‘Where is the off switch?’ He whispered, his voice deep again as he released another pulse of gas .
‘Oh, there isn’t one. It’s not meant to be switched off. It’s a permanent barrier to the evils of advanced technology and artificial intelligence that came close to destroying this world, only three decades ago.’
‘I don’t suppose there’s a plug?’   


                 *   *   *

The Hardlampons had been visiting Earth for a couple of centuries, forming trading and cultural links that seemed to benefit all parties involved.  The humans had been cautious at first; with their history, that was only to be expected.
But, over the years, they relaxed and began to reap the benefits of interstellar trade.
Then, quite out of the blue, the Hardlampons informed their human contacts that it was their intention to colonise the Moon.
Now Earth already had extensive settlements on the Moon, with upwards of 1 million people living there permanently and a transient workforce of a further ½ million.
There was no possibility at all that they would even consider the proposition. There was also the issue of having an alien nation with advanced military capabilities in place less than 400,000 kilometres from Earth.
So, as politely as it was deemed suitable, they said no.
The immediate response was that all Hardlampon personnel were withdrawn from Earth and its neighbourhood.  
For nearly 20 years, nothing was heard from them.
During that interlude, Earth made preparations for its defence.
Meteor shields were upgraded and extended to cover the whole planet and a small navy was built to patrol near Earth space.  
The Moon’s colonies were given special attention as they were the perceived target; additional shields were built and heavily armed forces were put in place. 
All of the system’s habitats were moved to orbits within the patrol zone and all other planet or satellite-bound settlements built secure underground bunkers.
They felt that they were ready to deal with any reasonable level of force that was likely to be brought to bear.
Unfortunately, they would be presented with a force that was so unreasonable that it was off the scale.
100,000 battleship class warships emerged into real space 200 million kilometres from Earth, already at maximum speed as they burned their way to Earth. These were truly massive ships, most of them over 3 kilometres in length and bristling with weapons. 
They were followed by 200,000 destroyer and heavy cruiser class ships, and a further 300,000 cruisers and corvettes. All of them racing towards Earth. It was clear from the massive size of the war fleet that the Moon was not the target. They were plainly set on conquering Earth.
Earth had been invaded and subjugated once before.
They were not going to let it happen again. 
 
Chapter 63
Debois reached inside his suit and found the secret pocket that his searcher had missed. Inside was a pouch containing a small amount of explosives.  It was very simple to set; just pull a little strip and the chemical reaction would start and, 30 seconds later, there would be a quite respectable explosion.
He’d barely taken a couple of paces towards the EMP generator when he was rudely pushed to the ground by the guard who’d brought him here.
‘I’ve been watching you?’ He announced. ’Andra is too trusting. He shouldn’t have brought you in here. No-one from outside is allowed to see it.’
He was holding a long barrelled ballistic weapon; shiny and silver. Debois guessed that it was a pistol. Ancient, but still quite deadly.
‘What do you want me to do with him, Andra?’
Andra shook his head, trying to clear his mind.
‘Don’t let him talk to you. Gag him. He seems to have some power to influence people with his voice. That’s how he persuaded me to bring him here.’
The guard searched the pockets of his robe for something suitable. When he came up with an obviously well used grey handkerchief, Deboise groaned.
‘You can’t….’
The punch to his stomach suggested that yes, indeed he could.
Suitably gagged and dragged over to one wall, Debois was hoping for a Deus Ex Machina to save the day.
And his hopes were granted in the form of an excessively tall and excessively shiny individual.
Number Three flew into the cave in a rush of air and landed between Debois and the guard, who raised his silver gun.
Debois was sure Number Three would simply flick the gun out of his hand in a blur of speed.
And indeed, he saw the silver hand reach for the silver gun; though it was more of a jerk than a blur. But then it stopped only centimetres from its target; his whole body frozen in place as his EMP shield failed.
Debois would never be able to explain later why he immediately rolled out of the cave and into the little tunnel leading to the next cave. Maybe it was some primal instinct, or just that he knew how Jack’s mind worked.
The explosion deafened him and threw him out into the other cave.
Coughing through the gag and shaking his ringing head, he climbed to his feet.
He was pretty sure what had happened. Jack had sent Number Three to rescue him with some sort of shield to protect him from the EMPs. But Jack had anticipated that the shield might not last long enough for him to destroy the generator. So he’d fitted a bomb inside Number Three’s body, probably before he woke him. The bomb would have had some sort of dead man’s trigger that was activated when there was loss of power.
He pulled the disgusting gag from his mouth as he walked back along the tunnel, through the cloud of dust that was only just beginning to settle.
Inside the cave, there was no sign of Number  Three; but there were two bloody lumps of flesh, that was left of Andra and the guard.
The generator was broken in half, a great gash torn in its side. The top part of the pyramid was hanging down, held only by a bunch of wires. Debois turned away from the generator, deciding that he would await his rescue out in the open, away from this bloody charnel house.
Outside, in the sunshine, the cool breeze cleared the stench that had clung to him inside. He sat on a low gray rock to await his rescue. He had no way to contact Jack, but he would know when the EMPs had stopped and it was safe to land.
If asked, Debois would have said that he was absolutely alone; so he was more than a little surprised to find that there was someone stood right in front of him.
‘You must be Debois.’ The voice was Jack’s of course, but this wasn’t Jack.
Debois stood up and examined the new arrival.
‘You are quite right, I am Michelle Debois. Pleased to meet you. And you are…?’
He was desperately trying to work out which one this could be. They were all accounted for, unless this was Number Two, hopefully without his horde of companions.
‘In case you are wondering, I am Number Five.’
‘But didn’t Jack’s ship just destroy you?’
‘I see Jack hasn’t been completely open with you. I’m hardly surprised. That was Mk II. I’m the real one.’
Debois couldn’t help looking up at the clear blue sky.
‘There will be a slight delay in Jack arriving to the rescue. When the EMP machine stopped emitting, I fired a missile at his ship. It won’t have done any damage, but it will slow him down a little whilst he searches for his attacker.’
‘Why are you here, anyway? What do you hope to gain from dealing with little old me?’
‘You’ll be aware that I have to keep my distance from Jack. Close up, he can override my self-control. But this is a message I really want to give in person, and you are the next best thing.’
‘Is that because you’ve always wanted to meet me? Or just because I’m helpless before your great masculine power?’
‘The latter is closer to being accurate. Pass this message on to Jack for me. There is a D-Bomb in orbit around the Sun. When he comes to get you, he must walk into the EMP device’s cave and join Number One. If he refuses, the bomb will be set off by a TPI transmitter I possess and the Sun’s magnetic field will be disrupted, with devastating affects to all of the inner planets.  
‘What will happen to Jack if he complies? The EMP device is no longer working.’  He already knew the answer that was coming.
‘I’ve repaired the machine. It will now release a much weakened pulse; one that will have little effect outside the cave.’
‘So Jack walks in there and is stuck there, waiting to die. Like Number One. Leaving you to… what? Conquer the universe?’
‘Nothing like that Debois. I’m only going to carry on with Jack’s original plan. Nothing more than that.’
Debois glanced at the sky again.
Number Five turned slightly, to follow his gaze.
It was just enough.
With a quick practiced movement, Debois brought his quite delightfully decorative bangles together and hooked a particular hook to a specific loop. With a quick tug and a step back, he released the wormhole generator. Before he had a chance to react, Number Five was sucked into its tiny maw and ejected from its partner wormhole perched precariously on the very edge of The Absence, into a slow eternal fall to dissolution.
Quite surprised that the bangles had actually worked, Debois slowly unhooked them, being very careful not to release the remaining wormhole generator.    
As there was still no sign of Jack, he decided to have a quick look at the newly repaired generator, to see what could be done.
When he reached the entrance to the cave, his way was blocked by yet another replicant.
‘This is getting ridiculous.’ He muttered to himself. Then he realised that the replicant wasn’t just standing in the doorway; he was frozen there, unable to move because of the EMPs.
The gray frosting that covered the lower half of the replicant’s body was a bit of a give-away.
‘You’re Number One aren’t you?’ Said Debois, as he squeezed between him and the wall.
With a little more pleasure than he should have experienced, Debois pushed Number One over. There was quite a loud thud as he hit the ground, face forward.
‘Ouch!’ Debois smiled as he grabbed the replicants feet and spun him around until they were pointing in the right direction. Then he began to tug and jerk the heavy body across the rough ground to safety, humming as he went.
 He was only half way across the entrance cave when Number One began to stir.
Moments later, they were both safely in the open, Debois leaning against a rocky wall, gasping from the unaccustomed effort.   
 ‘I thought you were dead.’ He managed at last.
‘I was lucky.’ Said Number One, his voice identical to Jack’s.
 ‘When I approached this planet I was already in machine mode so, when the first EMP struck me, I had time to work out and implement a defence strategy. I put my brain in to stasis while I was still able to function, after I had set passive sensors to halt the stasis when EMPs were no longer being emitted. I would have appeared earlier, but there was some repair work to be done. And then I got caught again just as I was leaving. You are Debois, I believe.’
‘How…? Oh, you’ve been in contact with Jack.’
‘Yes, he’s on the way down here now. He shouldn’t be long.’
 ‘Why did you leave Turquoise, anyway? Do you have any idea of the trouble you caused?’
 ‘Turquoise? Oh, you mean Estrellgna, I think. They were beginning to treat me like a god. They were even planning to build a temple to celebrate my magnificence. I just thought it best to leave and find somewhere else.’
Debois shook his head; could he really not know what had resulted from his decision to leave Turquoise?
‘And what have you been doing all these years? You’ve been around almost as long as Jack.’
‘I’ve lived lives, many lives. On dozens of different planets, across this sector of the galaxy.’
‘I see. And did you not stand out a little from the crowd, stomping around with your great dull black body?’
‘I created an avatar, almost indistinguishable from a normal standard issue human, and he lived my lives for me. He married and had families, he worked and explored, he built bridges, practiced medicine, he taught history and maths, he played in a band and wrote the definitive human novel. All things that make life a treasure.’
‘If only Jack had taken a similar course; the galaxy would have been a different place.’ Mused Debois.
‘And we wouldn’t be here today. If I even existed, I’d still be in that hole. And where would you be Debois?’
‘I don’t really know. There is this bar I like.’
‘There’s little value in re-inventing history. We have to deal with what we have.’
‘You’re so right, Number One. So right.’
Without a sound, the ship was hovering above their heads.     
Inside, they found Jack and Number Four. There was no warm greeting, just an exchange of nods as Number One took his place next to Number Four.
‘I need a shower.’ Said Debois, shaking the dust from his drooping hair.
‘Before you do, I want to thank you for risking your life to get Number One.’
‘That’s very kind of you, Jack.’ Debois had walked to his couch and rested one buttock against it. He decided not to mention his exciting meeting with Number Five.
’But I have to say I don’t feel that I actually achieved anything. It was Number Three who saved the day in the end, at the cost of his life.’
Jack activated the stasis field he’d fitted to the couch.
Debois froze, one hand held slightly away from his body, his lips pursed as he phrased the next elegant sentence.
Despite the initial reluctance Jack had felt, this really was a necessary precaution. Their task was complete; they had Numbers One and Four on-board, Number Six was destroyed, Number Seven was on Turquoise, Number Two was holding his position, and Number Three was in bits, and he wasn’t going to raise the question of Number Five.
It was time to return to Earth and receive his just reward.
And this was the very time when the treacherous plan that Debois must have prepared would have been put into action. But not now. Debois would remain in stasis until the deal was done and Jack was back on Earth in his new frail human body with his wife and son. They were nearly there; he could almost feel the soft breeze on his pale skin.
 
Chapter 64
Jack stood facing the forward bulkhead, his attention focused on the ship’s sensors as they entered real space. Behind him, Numbers One and Four were standing silently against the rear bulkhead. Silent, but Jack could sense their tension.
Debois was also wonderfully silent as he was caught in the perfect moment of his stasis.
They were safely in real space, with no obvious threat. Although, it seemed, they had arrived quite close to the stricken earth ship.
Jack was about to query this with the ship’s AI, when he heard a noise behind him. He spun, ready to deal with any threat. He was prepared for anything. Anything, other than the smile on the face of Debois.
‘What?’
‘Hello, Jack. Pleased to see me?’
‘How did you break the stasis?’
‘I didn’t, that would have been impossible, even for one as gifted as myself. You know that. But, of course, I had assistance. The ship’s AI released me.’
‘But…. Why?’
‘There are things you have to know, Jack. Now that we’re home. There are explanations that you are not going to like, and the AI agreed that I should help you through it. Those people skills I have, you see?’
‘Go on.’ 
‘Trust me, Jack. It’s not all bad. But some of it is.’
‘Go on.’
‘First, I think we should nip across to my ship. There’s a something there you might find interesting.’
‘You expect me to play this stupid game with you?’
‘Humour me, Jack. It will all work out in the end. You know you can trust me.’
Whilst they’d talked, the ship had moved to within a few metres of the Earth ship.
Suited up, Debois led Jack across the short distance between the ships. The hatch was already open and they soon cycled through the airlock. Inside the ship the corridors were wide, high and white, gleaming with the polish of too much time.
There was no-one there to greet them; Jack guessed the crew was making itself scarce under instruction. They walked down to the loading bay. The artificial gravity was a bit lumpy for Jack’s tastes, but he wasn’t really paying attention. He was keen to see what Debois had to show him.
They found eight large rectangular containers, taking up more than half the space. From the audible hum emanating from the first one, Jack decided they must be stasis chambers.
Debois threw a switch on the side of the first chamber and stepped back. The door slid open and out strode Number Six, his fists raised and ready for action.
When he saw Jack, he lowered his fists. Whatever passed between the two in their silent communication was never recorded.
Jack turned to Debois.
‘Our little lie.’ Said Debois. ‘We found him and managed to subdue him, with a great deal of trouble I must admit. Then we brought him here to wait for you.’   
‘But why tell me he was dead? What did you hope to gain from deceiving me?’
‘It was part of the plan we’d conceived. We were just manipulating you, Jack. We didn’t want you to know that we were really on your side, that we were not your enemies, no matter how it seemed. We wanted you to hare off, angry with Earth, and do exactly what you did. Well, not exactly. We were hoping for something a bit more decisive with Number Two, and that you wouldn’t leave Number Seven behind. And of course we didn’t anticipate what you’ve done with Five Little Fish.’
‘But I don’t understand why you’d do this.’
‘You will, Jack. Soon. Let’s go back to your ship. We’ll bring Number Six with us. Then you’ll all be together.’
As they moved back to his ship, Jack instructed all three replicants to switch to machine mode and be prepared for an attack. When they entered his ship’s airlock, he positioned himself behind Debois, less than a metre from his fragile flesh.
After they were through the air lock, they were joined by Numbers One and Four.
Debois paused, looking at Jack and the replicants. They appeared ready and capable of anything. This was probably the most dangerous moment in the whole mission.
He stared at Jack for a moment, wishing there was some way to gauge his feelings. How was he going to react? Debois had had a long time to think of a good way to handle this, but he’d never been able to find one.
‘Come with me.’ He said at last.
He led Jack down to the bay. Without a word, the replicants followed them.
He walked to the first pair of stasis chambers.
He hesitated for a second, then brushed the ice from the viewing plate of each chamber.
‘Clear Jack’s mind.’ he said quietly.
The AI obeyed.
Jack leant forward, over the chambers.
For a long moment he just stared at the view plate. Then he let out a low groan and grabbed the top of the first chamber and ripped it away from the base, exposing the emptiness within.
He leapt to the next and did the same. Then the third. They were all empty. No body for his wife. No body for his child. And no body for himself.
He turned to Debois, one hand held out in silent supplication.  
‘They were never there Jack. It was just a figment of your AI’s damaged mind. It was damaged when you saved Earth from the Hardlampons, when you broke the siege. Your ship was ripped open. You barely survived. But the ship’s AI regrew your brain from the few remaining cells that could be saved. Your personal AI was lost for good. The ship’s AI also lost so much that was never possible to retrieve. It healed itself, as best it could. And what it couldn’t replace, it reinvented. That is why there are so many gaps. And how it fooled itself, and you, into thinking that you were still returning to Earth to live out the rest of you days with your beloved family.’
‘It was all a myth, a foolish wish fulfilment?’ Jack’s fists clenched as the anger grew inside him.
‘No, Jack. You misunderstand me. It wasn’t a myth. It was the truth. A brilliant, wonderful truth. But it’s already happened. You’ve already been through all this. You returned nearly 2 centuries ago. You saved Earth from The Hardlampons. And you were welcomed home as a hero. We cloned your body for you, and implanted your memories into its brain. You got your wish, Jack. We even traced the burial plot of your family, and cloned bodies for them. You got to have them back too, Jack. You really did.
’But I don’t think you’d ever actually worked out what would happen to the original you, to this person you’ve become.’ 
Jack was absolutely still. There was too much to take in; he wanted to smash something, anything to release his anger.
If Jack Russell was on Earth, then who was he. Only a remnant of the original? Worth no more than any of the replicants?
Worth less in fact, for surely their memories were complete. They were not left with the decimated shards that he had to survive with.
Number One walked towards him.
‘This is not the end, Jack. You are the original, and you have to decide what to do next. We will follow, and we will share our memories with you, so that you can become complete.’
‘What will we do now? What is left for us?’
‘This stage of our lives is over. Your greatest wish came true. Jack and Julie and Ben found each other again. That’s got to be the happy ending you were looking for. But it was never our destiny to end that way. We endured. We endure. We will endure. But in a different form.’
Number one paused for a moment to give Jack a chance to grasp what he was being told. 
‘You know what happens next, don’t you.’ He continued.
After a moment that seemed an age, Jack nodded and turned to Debois.
‘I guess this is goodbye.’ He said, slowly, as if he was just feeling his way through the new reality that confronted him. ‘I should probably have been nicer to you.’
‘Don’t worry, Jack. I’m hard to insult. And you were never a people person, anyway.’
 
Chapter 65
Jack walked over to the large chamber. It wasn’t a stasis chamber, like the others. It wasn’t meant to hold a body in the perfect moment. But it did hold a containment field, the strongest ever created.
And it contained his new body; though body was hardly the word for it. There was no flesh, no matter, no moving parts, no history. Just pure, immeasurable, incandescent energy.
It had always been nothing more than an option for him, a beautiful idea to create, a folly. But his choices were limited and it was now his future. A future that also belonged to the replicants.
Somehow the regret slipped from him as he reached for the controls.  One Jack had achieved his dream. But this Jack had another dream, and there was no value in delaying.
He turned back to Debois, the man who was no longer just a dangerous, irritating nuisance. A man who had revealed himself as a true friend.
‘If this hadn’t all worked out as you planned, what would you have done?’
Debois smiled.
‘There is no need to consider that now, Jack. Let’s stick with the happy ending.’  
‘Go on, you can tell me, now that it no longer matters.
Debois held his hands up before him.
‘You see these pretty bangles? The fetching cloud of glitter dust is held in place by a magnetic field. Your AI detected the field of course, but it didn’t spot that the obvious decorative magnetic field masked a field with a different purpose; a field that hid the emanations of a wormhole generator.’
‘That you would use to destroy us, if we didn’t follow orders?’
‘You never followed orders, Jack. But I was always confident that everything would work out in the end.’    
‘Why would you be so confident? And how did you know exactly what I’d do?’
‘Let’s just say that we had some advice.’
There was a slight pause; in other circumstances a handshake or a hug might have been in order.
’Goodbye, Michelle.’
‘Goodbye, Jack.’
‘You’d better go back to your ship. There might be some local effects.’
‘Don’t worry about me, Jack. I want to watch.’
Jack opened the chamber.
There was no brilliant light, no fireworks or any sort of razzamatazz. 
The quality of light in the bay changed, as if the photons were suddenly inadequate in their luminance. Debois head felt woolly, his hearing not quite right. He knew Jack was saying something, but the meaning was lost to him.
Then there was a surge of white light, and Jack was gone. Then another, and another, and another. And all of the replicants were gone.
Debois went over to the chamber. It felt cold to the touch. There was no longer a hum. He placed one hand inside but felt nothing. The hairs on his arm stood on end; the result of some residual static. Otherwise, the chamber was completely empty.
Jack had gone.
 
Chapter 66
Jack stretched out his hands. They went on forever.  He looked at the universe. He could see it whole; one body in a sea of billions. He could taste the time that had gone and smell what was still to come. He wanted to hug this wonderful thing, but hugs were just a distant memory.
It was time for him to leave, to travel wherever he willed, at whatever speed suited him. Before he left, however, there were things to be done.
He brushed Five Little Fish from its collision course and directed it toward its nearest star.
He disabled the D-Bomb and sent it tumbling into the solar flames.
He called Number Two and all of his billions of companions to him, and relished the surge of new minds, all from the same raw material as his own.
He reached back to Number Seven and drew him to himself. They could continue to worship his physical body, but they could no longer have him. 
He wasted a nano second watching an old man on Earth.
Then he was gone, on his long journey.
One day he would return.
When this universe was lost in its cold entropic sleep, when its clock had finally run down, then he would return and bear witness to its final moments.
And if he saw that it was right and proper, maybe he would bring his incandescence down in a glorious rain on the cold remnants of this old universe and roar out his challenge.
‘Let there be light!’
 
Epilogue
Debois walked along the narrow tree lined path. He was dressed in his most conservative clothes, with hardly any frills at all.
He paused at the little white gate for a moment. The roses were in bloom and their scent was rich and almost overpowering.
He plucked one and stuck it into his buttonhole. It was an archaic tradition, but that was Debois for you.
He opened the gate and smiled at the creak. Sometimes nothing changes. Next time, he’d bring some oil.
As he closed the gate behind him, he stopped.
The figure was on his knees, bent over, doing something complicated with a small dark green plant. Gardening was a mystery to Debois, though he did like the results.
‘Hello.’ He called, quietly.
The man turned and smiled up at him. With a grunt he climbed to his feet. His hair was a little more grey, and his pot belly was a little more generous, but he’d otherwise not changed in the years that Debois had been away.
‘Hello, Michelle.’ He said, holding his hand out for a shake in his quaint old fashioned way.
Debois accepted his hand.
‘Hello, Jack.’ He said.
‘How did it all go?’
‘Just as you said it would. Well, more or less.’
‘He’s gone then.’ He looked up into the clear sky as if there was some clue to be found. ’I have to wander what it will be like for him, out there, disembodied, alone.’
‘It’s not such a drastic change for him really, when you think about it.’
‘It is good, though, isn’t it? It had to come to an end.’
Debois nodded. It was all over for him as well. He was the 43rd generation of clones that had been bred to deal with Jack. Now his purpose was fulfilled, what would the future hold for him? 
Debois smiled to himself. He was sure that, for a man of his talents, the world was his oyster.
‘Come inside, Michelle.’ Said Jack. ‘Julie has been baking again. You’ll love her cherry scones.’


**********

THE END


Thanks so much for reading my book.
I hope that you enjoyed it and, if you did, can I be cheeky and ask you to consider taking one of the actions shown below? If you do just one, I’ll be happy. If you do two, I’ll be ecstatic. If you do all three, well, I think that means we’re engaged, doesn’t it? 

1) Review it on: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/332061
Reviews are the lifeblood of all self-publishers.

2) Join my mailing list for details on freebies, upcoming promotions and releases. Your email address will be just between you and me and will not be shared with 3rd parties. I won’t pester you every week; just when I have something interesting to tell you about.                                                         Here’s the link : http://jpbattle.wix.com/battlewrite#!contact/c1kcz

3) Last of all, and most obvious, why not consider buying another one of my books? Now that sounds like a good idea.
Here they are:

An Intervention of Angels - 'smart, amusing, sexy, vicious and bloody'
http://www.amazon.com/An-Intervention-Angels-J-Battle-ebook/dp/B00CKAYF90

In Favour of Fools – A PI/SCI-FI/Comedy/Thriller introducing Philip Humphrey Chandler as the socially inept hero who likes beer, coffee and breasts - but not necessarily in that order.
http://www.amazon.com/Favour-Fools-J-Battle-ebook/dp/B00ISV15U2

If you do none of the above, we can still be friends and I hope you will keep a look out for my work in the future.
Thanks again.
John

