STOLEN MINDS
A Part Of The Beyond Now Collection
Copyright 2013 by Pthasse Amadeus
Smashwords Edition
Edited by SJKH
Thank you for downloading Stolen Minds. This book may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Lunchtime Tales or Smashwords, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
NOTE FROM AUTHOR
Beyond Now is a science fiction collection of stories, where each tale considers a scenario from the wealth of possibilities regarding the future of the Human race. These stories are entirely fictional and unrelated to the Radiant Order World. This novella contains Stolen Minds, which is part of the Beyond Now collection. Stolen Minds is a tale of a woman called Dr. Hannah LeBeaux and the life she lives as a citizen of Safe Haven. She falls victim to a vicious terrorist attack but things may not be entirely as they seem... Enter the technologically advanced mega-city and follow the path that Dr. Hannah LeBeaux walks...
You are invited to visit my site Lunchtime Tales, where you can find more stories, poems and some artwork. You can follow me on FaceBook and Twitter for updates on my fictional creations, thank you in advance.
DISCLAIMER
Some adult language and descriptions are presented, parental guidance is advised. This novella is a fictional work and is not meant to portray any persons alive or dead, any similarities observed are accidental and unintended.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
TITLE PAGE
NOTE FROM AUTHOR
DISCLAIMER
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
EPILOGUE
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Chapter 1
Dr. Hannah LeBeaux was a beautiful, driven woman, who let nothing stand in the way of her goals; absolutely nothing. Those within her circle said that it was because of this trait that she had become such a successful businesswoman. However, Hannah would tell you that it is easy to sell what people wanted... Hannah like others of her generation was born into a New World. Before she was born, nature raged, decimating populations and cities, leaving destruction in its path. Luckily, a truly United Nations effort put forward a project, led by a group of top scientists and engineers and the result was Safe Haven, a domed city that was completely protected and shut off from the outside world. Shortly after its completion, Safe Haven became a point of refuge for all those Humans who survived the initial devastation. That was about two centuries ago, now Safe Haven has become a thriving metropolis, a mega city that sustains itself and provides everything Humans would ever need; and Hannah lived at the centre of it all.
*****
Hannah roused herself from sleep, feeling a little groggy from the heavy night, last night. She stretched in bed and her arm met another sharing the bed. She remembered that she slept with John Grayson last night... She accessed her brain implant, a fourth generation chip that did many things. Her implant retrieved her memories of last night, minus her intoxicated stupor. She smiled as she remembered that he was an excellent lover, which made her task all the more easier. Her musings were interrupted by a popup advert that flashed irritatingly on the edge of her vision. It was part of the function of the implant and she tried to ignore it, knowing that her attention will only end up filling her senses with the full advert; she had more important things to deal with right now. The room was dark and she wanted to leave John's apartment in silence. So she used her implant to access its positioning system, which lit up 'breadcrumbs' on the floors and walls, giving her a rudimentary image of the room, and more importantly where the door was; the implant also located her missing items of clothing. 
As she got dressed, she used her implant to call a private cabin to her location and turned on the news, which played the images and sounds for her senses only. She decided to have a caffeine-inducer and her implant obliged, releasing the stimulant into her body. An alert popped up in her vision, telling her that the cabin she ordered was waiting for her outside. Hannah took one last look at John Grayson, moving the images of the news to a small semi-transparent caption on the top left corner of her vision. She smiled as she watched him knowing that he wouldn't wake anytime soon; his implant wasn't as equipped as hers was at straining out the intoxicant that they had used last night. The deed was done and she had got what she needed from him, his signature. And with that thought, Hannah followed the 'breadcrumbs' to the door, walking a short distance to her cabin. The cabins were part of the intelligent transport network that crisscrossed the city, but only those with money and/or influence could order private cabins. As she approached the cabin her implant joined its network and an AI spoke to her.
"Good morning Dr. Hannah LeBeaux." 
"Hello Atlas, how's life treating you?" Hannah replied.
"All software commands are operating within acceptable parameters and all city systems are performing at optimal efficiency Dr. LeBeaux, thank you for asking," said the Atlas.
"Well that's good to hear..." said Hannah, absently marvelling at how well Atlas managed most of Safe Haven's operating systems, including the transport network.
"Where would you like to go to today?" 
"Back to my head office, do you know where it is?" Hannah replied, opening the cabin door and taking a seat.
"One moment please..." Atlas said via the cabin speakers.
"Yes Dr. LeBeaux, it is located in Building 10, Capital Complex, Perimeter 1," Atlas said after pausing for half a moment.
"Good. Ok Atlas, let's go," and the cabin started moving, following an invisible predetermined grid. "Oh and I would like to opt out of any complimentary packages and ads," Hannah decided that she didn't want any interruptions during this trip.
"Very good Dr. LeBeaux, we will arrive at your destination shortly." 
Using her implant once again Hannah made a call to her business partner, Marcus Greene and within moments the call connected; Hannah saw an image of him before hearing his deep voice.
"Hannah, at last! How did it go?" Marcus asked impatiently.
"Marcus, we are good to go!" Hannah replied with a smile. "The mayor of Perimeter 1 loved the product and he has given us his signature in support." 
"Brilliant! That's great news..." 
"One moment Marcus, I'm getting an urgent message," Hannah interrupted, putting her call to Marcus on hold. Her implant brought the new message to view and she read with excitement. She closed and archived the email, then switched back to her call to Marcus:
"Marcus, we just got WHO approval!" Hannah exclaimed to him in excitement.
"Fantastic!! OK, I'll get the production team to prepare for mass production immediately." 
"Good, I'm on my way to the head office now. With WHO approval and the Mayor's support there is nothing left to stop Select from becoming the next big thing." 
"Hannah you've done a great job. I didn't think anyone would support this kind of narcotic use with the implants but you've done it!" 
"Well, I've always said, it's easy to sell what people want," Hannah replied and Marcus smiled.
"Dr. LeBeaux, we are now approaching PharmaTech," Atlas advised.
"OK, thanks Atlas," Hannah replied. "I'm almost there Marcus, see you soon," she added to Marcus ending the call.
*****
Hannah discussed the details of distribution, marketing and sales with Marcus for most of the morning, and her afternoon was spent ensuring that the formula and initial production was up to her high standards. Finally, she added her approval to Marcus's and sent the order for mass production of Select. The production itself was relatively straightforward; simply producing copies of the formula and its corresponding software language, so that with a single thought, a user could purchase a copy of the formula, and their implant would read the code and reproduce the narcotic effect that matched the formula. Hannah had high expectations for Select, it would be her most successful product yet; and by this time tomorrow, she expected the whole of Safe Haven to be customers. Nothing like this had ever been done, except the odd stimulant or so but narcotics had always been a no-go area. That was until Hannah produced a formula that overcame all the problems, with all of its benefits; there was only one downside to Select; in high doses and over prolonged use, it could cause deep blissful sleep. But then again, Hannah didn't really consider that an issue and if it was, well her company also sold the formula to strain out Select from the user's body. With all that work done, Hannah sat back in her comfy chair and looked at the large clock in her office. It was already 18:00 hours and Hannah decided to call it a day, but she didn't leave her office. She decided as she often did to spend the night in her adjoining bedroom. As she got up to walk to the bedroom, her implant alerted her to an incoming call and she recognised it as a call that she had been expecting all day. So she sat back in her chair, waved her hand over her desk and a horizontal bar hovered from an open slot, which then it settled mid-air, above the desk. After a brief pause an image appeared between the horizontal bar and the slot, which displayed the crest of the company making the incoming call.
"Accept incoming call," Hannah said to her holographic screen. An image of a man dressed in overalls with a large factory in the background was displayed. She recognised him as her consultant from the company called GenGo, but she couldn't remember his name.
"Good evening Dr. LeBeaux, sorry about the late call," the consultant said.
"I trust you have some good news for me?" 
GenGo was a versatile engineering company that manufactured any product to its client's specifications, and Hannah had requested a very rare product indeed.
"Yes, I do. The GenGo AT-1 you ordered two months ago is ready for collection, once payments are..." said the consultant.
"My car is ready!" Hannah exclaimed, interrupting the consultant. Hannah enjoyed watching old movies and was particularly fascinated by the cars she saw in them.
"Yes, it is," the consultant replied with a smile. "Although, I can't see why you'd want one of these things, our transport system is beyond sufficient." 
"Don't you worry yourself about that; I'm on my way to pick it up now," Hannah replied, summarily ending the call. She called a private cabin to meet her downstairs, since she wanted to have a quick chat with the night-shift staff before she left. 
Suddenly, the building's illuminations changed and the exit to the transport network from her office became sealed. Hannah looked around confused and then she saw that someone was using her lift from the ground floor to her office.
"Atlas, what's going on?" Hannah asked out loud.
"Good evening Dr. Hannah LeBeaux, I am sorry to say that this building's systems have been infiltrated and I am no longer in control," Hannah tried not to panic, she used her implant to access her building's cameras, but she was unable to look into the fast approaching lift.
"Please try to remain calm, I have alerted the Guardians of this incident. They will be here shortly," Atlas said as the lift reached her floor and the doors opened. An oddly dressed man walked out with a gun firmly pointed at Hannah, and with a calm voice he spoke.
"Hello Hannah."
"Please, call me Dr. LeBeaux," Hannah retorted, while using her implant to identify this intruder.
"Quite a good setup you've got here, Hannah," he responded with a smile. 
Her implant had a hit and with a thought she brought the information to her senses. The man pointing the gun at her was called Daniel the Rebel; a dangerous, psychotic and delusional criminal, who had been serving a life sentence in the underground Penitentiary. He was classified as extremely dangerous...
"Bravo! You're able to use your implant effectively, you should have been a Guardian," he said after noticing the recognition in her eyes.
"You're Daniel the Rebel."
"The one and only, but you may call me Dan." 
He started to walk towards the windows and then to the desk while keeping his aim steadily at Hannah. Daniel looked at her as he slowly lowered his gun...
"Don't move an inch," he ordered menacingly and passed his hand over her desk activating her holographic screen, within moments he accessed the building's computer.
"Dr. LeBeaux please be advised, Daniel the Rebel is attempting to sever my connection to PharmaTech..." Atlas said through the speakers before being cut off. Hannah decided to make a move but Daniel quickly raised his gun.
"<tut> <tut> What did I say Hannah?" he teased. "Two down, one to go," and with deliberate steps he approached Hannah.
"Atlas?!" Hannah called.
"He has severed my connection to this building's systems, but your implant is still part of my network. I strongly advise you to attempt an escape through the lift but proceed with extreme caution," Atlas replied to her senses alone.
"Don't worry Hannah dear, that voice won't be there for long," Daniel said and reached into his pocket to retrieve a device. "I want you to recall your new product."
"And why would I want to do that?" Hannah asked.
"Well for starters there's this thing in my hand," Daniel said waving his gun. "Secondly, your product is going to cause more harm than good. Last but not least, if you don't, I'll destroy this building." 
"I see," Hannah replied trying to conceal the panic in her voice, while wondering how long it would take the Guardians to arrive. "Well Select is probably already available for download by now and I'd need Marcus's signature for a recall order." 
"Come on Hannah, don't bullshit me! You can get it done if you really wanted to but I guess you don't," Daniel said raising the device he held in his other hand. "Do you know what this is?" 
Hannah immediately used her implant to find information. There was a match but curiously she was unable to access the files.
"Of course you don't and I doubt very much you have the clearance to access any information on it. Let's just say after my thumb releases this switch a countdown will begin and when the count reaches zero, goodbye PharmaTech head office. You understand?" 
"There are still people here! Blowing up this building wouldn't solve anything, it won't recall Select!" Hannah protested.
"Ah, those sheep won't even know what's happening. As for this building, Hannah, PharmaTech is a symbol of all that you have built in Safe Haven; it will be my pleasure to help you forget. Since you won’t comply, I have no choice but to accelerate this whole process," Daniel said with a smile and released the trigger on the device, which he set down on Hannah's desk. "Right, that's sorted. I believe your car is waiting for you outside that sealed door," Hannah wondered how he knew about her car or how he got it here so quickly. "After you," and he unsealed the exit to the cabin port on Hannah's office level.
"No way in hell," Hannah stated dryly.
"Please, I insist," Daniel replied, activating the pulse chamber of his gun, threateningly. Hannah had no choice but to do as he asked, and Atlas told her to remain calm; he would update the Guardians on the situation. 
Chapter 2
Hannah didn't have time to enjoy the details of her new car, as she was directed by Daniel to take the driver’s seat, while he got into the passenger seat of the two-seater. Instantly her implant linked with the car's network, recognising her as its owner but it was unable to link with Atlas's network. With his gun pointed at Hannah, Daniel turned on the on-board tablet and keyed in destination coordinates. Shortly after, the GPS displayed a plotted route of a short, safe course to Daniel's destination. He removed a device from the dashboard of Hannah's car and fingered the controls for a while, and then he passed it to Hannah. 
"There you go, push the red button and download your driving crash course to your implant," Hannah took the device from him. She pushed the red button and instantly felt a rush as her mind became flooded with information, which seemed to last only moments. She passed the device back to Daniel and said: "I know how to drive."
"Great! Well there's no time to waste, let's go." 
Red and blue flashing lights could now be seen from below, as the Guardians arrived on the scene in their cabins. Hannah realised how real this situation was and didn't want any more people to enter the building, so she grabbed the steering wheel and accelerated her car, flying away from her building.
"And we're off!" Daniel exclaimed, turning back to watch the building. Hannah turned back to chance a glance at her head office, only to see it subject to a series of explosions. She watched in horror as she saw her hard work crumble to pieces, but then she thought of those working the night shift; buildings could be replaced but lives could not. She turned to look at Daniel who was now watching her with a smile. The rushing air caressed Hannah's hair and there was serenity about her rage, which simmered underneath the surface. Daniel had destroyed her head office, killing many that were simply working their shifts. Hannah curbed the urge to smack him across his face, knowing that driving her new car at this speed required her full attention. 
"So Hannah, how've you been?" Daniel said and Hannah ignored him, keeping her eyes firmly in front, considering the towering structures she had to navigate. "C'mon, don't you remember me?" Daniel continued but Hannah ignored him and continued heading for the exit to Perimeter 2. "Right, well, do you mind if I turn on the radio?" he switched it on before waiting for a response.
"...Capital complex was under attack today, when PharmaTech's head office was destroyed, killing thirty people and leaving many seriously injured. The numbers are still rising; there'll be more on that later. After the criminally insane Daniel the Rebel infiltrated the building, he escaped with PharmaTech's Co-Founder Dr. Hannah LeBeaux, leaving a network of explosives that detonated after his escape," a male electronic voice said from the car stereo. "Details of the attack are still unclear, since Atlas was disconnected from PharmaTech's network; at this time Dr. LeBeaux's role is still unclear. Authorities are now in pursuit of the suspects, but their unusual mode of transportation signalled the need for Safe Haven's Sentinels to act, who as we speak are approaching the vehicle," instinctively Hannah looked back and saw shapes in the distance, approaching fast. "We will be covering the full chase and for those of you tuning in on audio only, I will be providing a live commentary..." the reporter was interrupted when Hannah switched off the stereo. 
"They took their time getting here," Daniel said with a smile as he stood up facing approaching Sentinels.
"What are you doing?" Hannah asked.
"Welcoming our guests of course! Don't worry about it, just drive faster." 
Hannah obliged not wanting to get caught in any crossfire. The Sentinels were Safe Haven's elite militia, they were highly trained individuals. They were a small team of individuals with biomechanical augmentation and some genetic enhancements, and they were very good at what they did. Their operating directive was simple: resolve any and all threats to Safe Haven, using any level of force deemed appropriate. This directive was enforced as software coding to protect Safe Haven's inhabitants and like many other things in Safe Haven, it was supervised by Atlas. They was little difference between male and female Sentinels, and the citizens of Safe Haven usually made no such distinction. In this particular instance, three Sentinels were dispatched and they approached Hannah's car at high speeds, cutting through the air in a rapid approach. Daniel let out a laugh and called out, inviting the Sentinel trio approaching to challenge him. He reached into his jacket and pulled out yet another pistol and opened fire, releasing laser pulses into the air. The Sentinel trio broke formation and resumed their approach; Daniel turned to Hannah and said.
"If you'd been a good girl and recalled Select like I asked then we wouldn't have to go through all this. I would have done what I had to do and we'd both just carry on about our business," he resumed shooting at the Sentinels, who were doing a good job of both evading fire and persistently approaching.
"Don't be a fool, it was always going to end like this; with you running from the law, but now you've brought me into it and killed innocent people in the process," Hannah retorted frustrated by Daniel's childish attitude.
"Oh Hannah, you're quite right," he stopped shooting and opened a compartment in the car. Hannah chanced a glance to see what he was doing, narrowly avoiding oncoming cabins.
"How on Earth did that get there!?" Hannah exclaimed and Daniel laughed.
"Well, I expected that the Sentinels would show up with light armour, so I figured I'd pack a little present for them," he lifted the large rifle, took aim and fired at one of the trailing trio. The Sentinel took the full brunt of the attack and fell unceremoniously from the air; the other two slowed their approach. 
"Dr. Hannah LeBeaux, please be advised; the Sentinel appropriate force level has now increased from non-lethal to lethal," Atlas said to Hannah via her implant.
"What! Wait! I'm still here... I'm a hostage!" Hannah screamed back to Atlas but got no response. Suddenly a beam of hot, bright light grazed the side of Hannah's car and without a second thought she brought the car lower, twisting and turning through the middle city, which had many more hazardous structures and passing cabins. The only thought that remained in Hannah's mind was her survival.
"Now that's more like it!" Daniel screamed to Hannah as he aimed his rifle for another shot, which missed and defaced a neighbouring building.
"Damn it!" Daniel shouted, reloading the rifle with his last round, just as Hannah took a sharp turn to the right. Daniel steadied his aim and fired the moment a Sentinel followed them round the corner, and with no time to react the Sentinel fell from the air. Suddenly Hannah dipped her flying car and entered a network of rough tunnels. After a short while navigating the tunnels, they emerged in Perimeter 2 and Daniel declared that they were no longer being followed; and since the car couldn't be tracked they continued to Daniel's destination. 
*****
Hannah had been unconscious since they arrived at Daniel's destination and now she lay on an operating table, while Daniel hung over her with a curious looking device. Even after he was done she remained unconscious, and then finally her eyes opened. Hannah considered her new surroundings with bits of equipment all around the confined space. She sat up and realised that she was on an operating table, and then she looked ahead to see Daniel standing by a computer desk, with multi-display active. She used her implant to identify her location but no information was provided and curiously she saw none of the irritating popup adverts. She was even more surprised when her implant provided the time, and she realised that she had been unconscious for almost twenty-four hours. She tried to use her implant to access the news but nothing happened, she also tried to access communications but once again nothing happened.
"What did you do to me?" Hannah asked.
"Don't worry Hannah your implant still works, all I've done is severed your connection to Atlas," Daniel replied. "Now with all three of your links to Atlas severed we can talk freely." 
"What do you mean? Where are we?" Hannah asked, feeling a little disorientated.
"We are underneath the borders of Perimeter 2 and Perimeter 3, in a place that I call home, welcome. You really should have just given me Select, things would have been simpler." 
"And what would Daniel the Rebel have done with Select?" 
"Destroy it, and please, call me Dan," he walked towards Hannah. "You see Hannah, there is much more going on than you're aware, all that you see..." he said pointing to the multi-screen, which flashed various images of Safe Haven. "... All of this is irrelevant."
"What do you mean?" Hannah asked curiously as she rose from the operating table.
"Good. Now I have your attention. Where do I start... Atlas. What do you know about Atlas?" 
"What's that got to do with anything?" Hannah retorted.
"Everything. Atlas is more than just a supervisor..."
"... Yes that's right, he's a caretaker and an unbiased protector of Safe Haven," Hannah interrupted.
"Very true but not quite in the way you think," Daniel replied, motioning for Hannah to hear him out. "After the initial destruction, there was no land on Earth to find any form of safety and so the only options were in the air or sea. The sea was chosen and the great submersible city of Safe Haven was built."
"I know my history! Get to it," Hannah retorted. Feeling very irritable she opted for a caffeine inducer and her implant obliged; it also let her know that unless she accessed the network she only had three doses left. She absently wondered if her credit account was still active and she let out a sigh.
"Aren't we a bit tense," Daniel commented. "Anyway, Atlas's primary objective is to warden the population for external interests and your product Select would have helped Atlas a lot."
"Whoa, hold on. External interests?" Hannah queried.
"This is irritating... Having to explain all this, especially to you..." Daniel muttered. "... After the survivors of the initial devastation created Atlas, they went into a hibernation of sorts; nobody noticed when an alien race landed on the planet and tampered with Atlas's programming from the outside. Its new objective was to keep the citizens of Safe Haven within the city at all costs and to bolster the Penitentiary, so that the aliens could use the citizens and inmates. In essence, Atlas became a farmer and Safe Haven was its field. Select will weaken the citizens' mental will, turning them into docile livestock; making it as easy for Atlas to drain energy from their consciousness, as it is in the Penitentiary,” his tone became more somber as he continued. “The Penitentiary is a cruel place and few ever leave once they are incarcerated. It's contained beneath the city, across all three Perimeters and it is divided into two levels. The Upper Level and Lower Level, commonly called Maximum Security. All the inmates are kept docile by mental manipulation, with differing degrees of severity, depending on each inmate's mental stamina. Those who survive and remain in the Upper Level are lucky, they are periodically allowed out of their cells to conduct supervised repairs on low priority conduits and access shafts. That said, there are some inmates that are occasionally subjected to sanctioned mind drain. Those who cause trouble and sometimes others, just for the hell of it, are sent to Maximum Security. That level is much worse; those incarcerated hardly ever leave their cells, unless they are being taken for illegal experimentation. The prisoners in the Lower Level are also subjected to regular mental manipulation, and they have energy drained from their minds; exploiting the raw power of their thoughts. After prolonged exposure to this, it's not uncommon to find that the inmates have become drooling messes. I don't think this is permitted, I don't even know if it's sanctioned, but who would ever know and besides no one would dare speak out. The Guardians take extra care to ensure that no one escapes and that the inmates survive longer to further Atlas's cruel intentions. Your drug, Select, would make it easy for the citizens of Safe Haven to be subjected to this kind of treatment, they would all become livestock in an energy farm. Even now that the planet has quietened and it is safe outside, the citizens of Safe Haven are still confined to the city," Daniel concluded and silence hung about the small room. "I realise this is a lot to take in..." 
"Don't bother, I don't believe you," Hannah replied tersely.
"I see. Well the existence of the fact is not dependent on your belief," Daniel responded as he turned to the largest screen, which now displayed a curious image. "The Rebu are here and you Hannah are a member of their livestock," he guided Hannah's attention to the image of a large ship and surrounding encampment, which had alien looking creatures going about their duties. Hannah was dumbfounded but still she resisted; after all, this could all be some elaborate ploy by Daniel.
"You're going to need a lot more than that to convince me," Hannah said after a long pause.
"I thought you might say that," Daniel said with a smile as he walked towards what looked like a set of cryogenic capsules. "During my most recent excursion outside, I managed to secure a few items, like the rifle I used earlier," he continued, while opening the capsules and retrieving two pairs of overalls, and he offered one to Hannah. 
"Impossible. Outside Safe Haven is toxic, you couldn't possibly have gone out and returned alive," Hannah said and Daniel smiled patiently.
"Like I said before; just like all citizens of Safe Haven, you have been misled. This is a suit designed by the Rebu for its upper Hierarchy, but I am told that it's compatible with many life forms. It's called a survival suit and if I'm going to prove anything to you, you'll need to wear one," Daniel tossed Hannah a suit as he left the room.
"All I want is for you to release me!" Hannah screamed at Daniel. She muttered under her breath in frustration. Her mind raced as she considered all that happened, she worried about the repercussions of all of this and it frightened her.
Hannah decided that perhaps if she played along, then this whole ordeal would come to an end sooner, so she undressed and stepped into the survival suit. The moment she zipped up the front of the survival suit, her implant alerted her that the suit was attempting to create a network, and she allowed it to do so. The material of the suit changed until it fit her form perfectly. Images and sounds filled her senses and then she realised that these were previous recordings by the suit. Hannah marvelled, she had never before experienced a product like this... Her implant automatically began sorting the files, meanwhile the suit's other systems started to come online. She felt a rush of energy as some sort of stimulant was released into her blood stream and as she clenched her fists, she felt a strength she didn't have before. 
A heads-up display came online, which linked directly to her implant and her vision changed completely. She could change her optical range at will and she unconsciously switched to X-ray, only to see Daniel on the other side of the wall getting dressed. She quickly moved back to the visible spectrum and her vision was now overlaid by electronic imaging, identifying and cataloguing various items around her. The implant alerted her that the downloaded information had been processed and that the suit was completely functional and in her control. So she started accessing some of the archived files and her vision was filled with a pseudo-holographic projection, which responded to her hand gestures. She flicked through images and videos, seeing within the suit's files all that Daniel had said but still she was doubtful. 
Hannah closed the files, her attention caught by a familiar face on the large screen in the room. In response to her attention her implant networked with the computer and overlaid an audio feed, which came from the speakers. 
"...Joining us for this part of our fugitive chase special are the Mayor of Perimeter 1, Mayor John Grayson and Marcus Greene from PharmaTech," the female host said. "Let's start with you Mr. Greene. You are no doubt aware of the situation, but what all citizens of Safe Haven would like to know is, why PharmaTech?" 
"Thank you Jennifer for having me on this talk show. The fugitive Daniel the Rebel targeted PharmaTech for reasons that are unclear, but I can assure you that our products remain unaffected and this includes Select,” Marcus said.
"And Dr. LeBeaux, what's her role in all this?" Jennifer asked.
"Victim. I have known her for many years and I refuse to believe that this was all part of some elaborate plot on her part. The very notion of her allying herself with the likes of a criminal like Daniel the Rebel is ridiculous," Marcus replied and Hannah smiled at that comment, thankful that at least he still believed in her.
"Ridiculous! Ridiculous?! I think that Mr. Greene is choosing not to see the evidence," John said.
"Could you please state this evidence for the record Mr. Mayor?" Jennifer asked.
"Of course. There's the vehicle that they escaped in, which is by no means a conventional one. She had it specially made by GenGo and just by coincidence it happened to be at her office cabin-port, just in time for their escape!" John said.
"But why would she destroy her own building and threaten her newest product? It just doesn't make sense!" Marcus replied.
"I don't know, maybe to cover her tracks, insurance claim or even to boost product sales! All I know is that the Sentinels have been ordered to treat them both as suspects," John said. Hannah badly wanted to punch John Grayson's idiotic face hard; what a fool, she thought.
"OK viewers, we are now going to hear a few words from the consultant who was in charge of producing Dr. LeBeaux's vehicle. Mr. Monroe, why did GenGo manufacture this odd vehicle for Dr. LeBeaux?" asked Jennifer.
"Well Jennifer, that's what we at GenGo do, we manufacture products to our client's specifications. We are in no way affiliated to the events that have occurred," Mr. Monroe said.
"Are you denying reports that you spoke to her minutes before the building was attacked?" Jennifer asked.
"No Jennifer, I am not. On the night in question, I called Dr. LeBeaux to inform her that her vehicle was ready for collection. It had been ready all day but I was swamped with other projects. She said she would visit our factory to pick up her GenGo AT-1 from the garage, but when I went to prepare it, the vehicle was already gone," Mr. Monroe said.
"Thank you Mr. Monroe, I'll leave you to get back to your work," Jennifer said.
"Thank you Jennifer," Mr. Monroe said before the feed was cut off.
"There you have it Mr. Greene, that is too much of a coincidence and I don't believe in coincidences," John said.
"Mr. Monroe, it seems the evidence against Dr. LeBeaux is compelling. What action will PharmaTech be taking?" Jennifer asked. Hannah wondered how dumb this journalist was; she didn't think the evidence was compelling at all.
"Well, the board had a meeting a few hours ago and Dr. Hannah LeBeaux no longer represents PharmaTech. Hannah if you're listening, I'm sorry, there was nothing I could do," Marcus said. Hannah's mind reeled with the information; she had been abandoned and judged guilty when she had nothing whatsoever to do with it. She couldn't believe that they had kicked her out of her own company. She wondered why Atlas hadn't put forward the evidence he recorded that was in her favour... Fear crept in, as she thought that maybe Daniel was telling the truth about Atlas.
"Any last words from you Mr. Mayor?" Jennifer asked.
"Yes. Dr. Hannah LeBeaux, you are a prime suspect in this case, turn yourself in and we can resolve this issue quickly," John said. 
Suddenly, Daniel burst into the room. "We have to go," but Hannah remained entranced by the news.
"Now!" Daniel urged, snapping her back to reality and she followed him to her car, while considering the new information.
"It seems they now consider you a hostile. Use your implant to check out your status in Safe Haven," Daniel said as he jumped into the GenGo AT-1 and Hannah followed.
"You disconnected me from Atlas, so how can I access that kind of information," Hannah asked, settling into the passenger seat.
"Like you normally do, your suit will take care of the rest," Daniel replied and engaged the engines of the car, which lifted itself into the air and sped away from his hideout.
Chapter 3
Hannah did as Daniel said and a pseudo-holographic projection was displayed once again, but this time it showed a picture of her. She accessed the file and after a short pause a message was seen. 'Dr. Hannah LeBeaux, wanted for questioning under the suspicion of being an accomplice to Daniel the Rebel. All units be advised subject is dangerous, apprehend at all costs.' Hannah's heart raced as she stared at the text.
"Let's just say they'd like to know how much you know about the real Safe Haven," Daniel said. "I expected this but I didn't expect it so soon, perhaps my earlier suspicions were truer than I thought..." he left the last few words hanging. Hannah didn't respond, she cursed herself for letting it get to this stage and thought hard about what she could do to redeem herself. However, there was now a persistent nagging in her head, was Daniel telling the truth?
"Brace yourself, we've got company," Daniel informed, taking a sharp turn to evade an approaching Sentinel duo. Hannah turned to see the two Sentinels approaching from behind. They weren't very far away and Hannah could tell that they had on heavier armour than last time.
"Responding to incoming threat..." the electronic voice of her implant said to her. "Activating defence drones," Hannah was puzzled, her implant had never acted this way before; suddenly she felt two small objects shoot off into the sky from her shoulders. Hannah watched as the small drones briefly engaged the Sentinels, marginally slowing their advance. The Sentinels destroyed the two drones and continued their approach.
"What the hell just happened?!" Hannah asked Daniel but her implant responded first.
"Incoming object was assessed as a threat to your survival, so a low-level fail safe defence protocol was initiated," Hannah's implant said to her senses.
"I see you're beginning to remember who you are?" Daniel said to Hannah.
"What on Earth are you talking about?" 
"Isn't it obvious? You're not Human!"  
Just then a Sentinel trio appeared directly in their path and Daniel swerved, losing control of the car and it smashed into the side of a nearby building. Within moments the five Sentinels were upon them, before either had a chance to act. Shortly after, they were bound, waiting for the Guardians to pick them up. Hannah was happy that they hadn't killed her and she had no intentions of giving them a reason to do so. Two Sentinels flew off leaving three to guard Hannah and Daniel.
"Don't you remember me?" Daniel whispered and Hannah ignored him. "I am Rebu and so are you. We were both highly renowned Rebu Councillors, until we decided to go against the High Council on the issue of Earth relations. You were the first to speak out and you accused the High Council of committing a sin against sentient life, and of course they resented your comment. Try as you might, the High Council ignored you and the Safe Haven programme continued; and then you were stripped of your rank and status, forcing you to join the military. That didn't stop you and many other Rebu, including myself, joined your struggle and we made it our own," Daniel continued as he turned to face Hannah. "We became lovers..." he turned to observe the Sentinels guarding them and Hannah remained silent. 
"We would make love every night for hours and in that time we forgot all of our troubles, thinking only of our passion. And then you disappeared and the High Council offered no explanations, so we continued with the plan, inciting a civil war. That was when some of us were captured and brought here. It turned out that since the High Council could not give death sentences to fellow Rebu, they had been sending dissident Rebu here for years. I only found out recently, while on my way back from a retrieval mission. I managed to slip into Safe Haven but they captured me and I was re-educated by suppressing my consciousness within a web of lies but for whatever reason the mental manipulation didn't hold. So they tried again, this time the process was much more aggressive and they locked me away underneath Safe Haven, but yet again the re-education didn't hold; however, they succeeded in altering my physical form. While I was there, I learned that you had also been brought here, consciousness suppressed, living among the citizens of Safe Haven. I escaped and started searching for you; Hannah, we must escape this place," Daniel concluded.
"To think that I almost started believing you..." Hannah said rolling her eyes. "I know who I am and what I am, there's nothing you can do to convince me otherwise," Daniel said nothing but sat watching the lead Sentinel intently.
"Hannah, we need to leave," Daniel said as two Sentinels took to the air leaving just the leader.
"What? Why?" Hannah said, sounding a little confused. "How?" 
"It just received a kill order," Daniel whispered hurriedly as the Sentinel turned and approached them. 
"Run!" Daniel screamed as he charged at the Sentinel who promptly opened fire, the two collided and tumbled off the building. Suddenly, other Sentinels appeared firing laser pulses at Hannah. Her suit's defence system activated, but this time by her choice and the air was filled with over a dozen drones, and an all out battle began. The air was charged by their weapons discharge, Hannah got up and with all her strength she snapped her bindings; in an instant she was back in the driver's seat of her car. She tried to start the engine and felt a thump behind; she swiftly reached for Daniel's pulse pistol, turned and let off several quick rounds that knocked the Sentinel off the car.
"Come on!" Hannah screamed at the car and in response it came to life. Without a second thought Hannah engaged the drive and accelerated rapidly away from the battle, but two Sentinels disengaged the drones and began pursuit. Hannah wondered about Daniel, given all that had happened she was inclined to believe him but she didn't buy his story about her being an alien. Hannah decided then and there that she was going to leave Safe Haven, to see outside for herself; but then she began to hear an insistent beeping.
"Personal shield activated," Hannah's implant told her just as she felt a blow hit her back. She recovered and turned around to see an approaching bright light, which grazed the side of her car melting away the metal. Hannah pushed down her fear, instead she let her anger fill her, she was outraged that she was being hunted in this manner; after all she had done for Safe Haven. Suddenly two Sentinels landed on the back of her car, but before she could swing back to take a shot at one of them, another Sentinel landed on the front of the car, crushing the engine and the car began to lose altitude.
"Heads up!" a familiar voice screamed from above and Hannah looked up to see Daniel fall into the car from above.
"Where the hell did you come from?!" Hannah screamed back.
"Good to know you still care!" Daniel replied and Hannah rolled her eyes.
"The car is going to crash, jump!" Daniel shouted has he lunged at a Sentinel, knocking it off the car.
"Collision imminent, evasive fail safe protocols engaged," Hannah's implant said and she was involuntarily launched into the air as she took flight, cutting the air at high speed.
"Incoming communication," Hannah's implant told her and she accepted it with a thought.
"That's the spirit," Daniel said. Hannah turned back to see him following her in the air, closely trailed by five Sentinels. "Hey, do you mind shooting back at them? I need a few moments for my rounds to recharge." 
Hannah wondered how she was expected to do that without any weapons. Instantly, her implant brought to her mind the different armaments the suit possessed, which were limited but effective. Hannah turned in the air and pointed her fists at the Sentinels, releasing a barrage of laser pulses from bracelet-shaped weapons on her wrists. Daniel chucked some grenades into the mix and took the lead heading towards the outer walls. Suddenly, two shots came from nowhere, hitting Daniel and Hannah firmly in their chests. A surge of electric pain shot through their bodies and they descended to the ground, crashing through the structures in their path; and as they fell the Sentinels followed. 
*****
Hannah rose from the floor feeling battered yet surprised that she had survived the attack and the fall. Her vision blurred as the suit came back online and then she saw the outer wall, a short distance from her current location. 
"Easy Hannah, they have us surrounded," Daniel said and Hannah looked around to see four Sentinels standing around them and watching.
"What are they doing?" Hannah asked. "Waiting for orders?"
"No, it's something else," Daniel said in an unusual serious tone, which made Hannah worry. Hannah switched her visual and audio ranges as she scanned the area.
"There!" Daniel shouted and let out a few quick rounds at a dark, shifting form between them and the outer wall. It was another Sentinel but this one was much bigger than the others.
"It's a Heavy Armour Sentinel," Daniel said, and with hate full in his voice he screamed a blood-curdling cry and charged the new Sentinel; on cue the other Sentinels advanced.
"Martial defence program downloaded... Protocol initiated," Hannah's implant said and she watched as her body moved on its own. Her stance shifted and she fired quick rounds from her pulse weapon at the four attacking Sentinels, and then she charged. She stopped mid-motion and launched a handful of grenades and as they exploded she jumped high in the air; her defence systems anticipating her enemy. As a Sentinel emerged from the smoke, a vibrating blade extended from her arm and with a smooth motion she removed its head. A laser pulse hit her but her personal shield absorbed the majority of the force, and before she knew it she was exchanging blows with two Sentinels, while a third took to the air carrying an explosive. 
"Threat imminent," Hannah's implant informed her and her suit released a field of high energy charge, which disrupted the systems of the duo engaging her, with just enough time to evade a lethal attack. However, her suit's systems had also been disrupted. The explosive that the third Sentinel dropped disintegrated his comrades, and Hannah heard a scream that she hoped she would never hear again, and she found herself unable to move. Hannah stood there, watching the enraged agent of death advance and time seemed to slow down. As the Sentinel approached, a barrage of quick laser pulse rounds intercepted it and it crashed to the ground. Hannah turned to see Daniel looking at her, giving a 'thumbs up', but her face turned to horror as the large Sentinel swung at Daniel, wielding a large metal pole. Noticing Hannah's expression, Daniel turned quickly, just in time to block the attack, pushing his personal shield to the limit. The Sentinel kicked Daniel across the floor and turned its attention on Hannah.
"Hannah! Run!!" Daniel screamed, while coughing up blood. Hannah hesitated for a moment and then she bolted, heading towards the outer walls. She turned around to see the giant Sentinel take to the air and she did the same racing towards the outer wall. Her suit evaded but she felt a hot beam graze her side, through her weakened personal shield. Panic began to seep into her and she screamed as tears poured freely from her eyes, Hannah thought that she was going to die. She felt a hard force hit her back and she crashed back to the ground, and as she got up she saw Daniel. He was bruised, bloodied and beaten, with the Sentinel's blade was deep within his chest but Daniel held firm with his all his strength.
"Go!" Daniel screamed at her and as she got up and ran, she aimed every weapon her survival suit had at the outer wall, fired and took to the air, racing away; the wall crumbled and Hannah left the floating city of Safe Haven, before a shield began to seal the breach. Hannah rose into the air, taking full deep breaths. She laughed and she cried, the air was far from toxic... She felt guilty and blamed herself for Daniel's death but she had no illusions of safety. Hannah willed herself to fly farther and faster towards the distant shoreline, she looked back to see the large Sentinel giving chase. As she approached land she saw a settlement in the distance, her implant adjusted her vision and she saw the Rebu. She absently wondered if what Daniel said about her heritage was true, she doubted it but still she wondered.
As Hannah approached a line of anti-aircraft weapons, her implant identified them as magnetic rail guns and she panicked when they opened fire, her suit's systems froze and she fell to the ground. But as she crashed, she realised that the guns were aimed at the Sentinel, which crashed to the ground with bits and pieces flying everywhere. Hannah gingerly rose to her feet to see two hover cars approaching. She had no more strength but felt determined to keep on living, now more than ever, so she stood her ground. A curious mix of Rebu and Human soldiers jumped off the hover car, weapons trained on Hannah.
"Hold your fire!" said a strong voice full of command and a tall creature with grey skin and silver hair approached Hannah. "You need not fear us, you are safe here. What is your name?" 
"Dr... " Hannah began. "Hannah."
"Welcome to Fort Freedom Hannah, you are among friends. They call me Hank."
Hannah realised the truth, the world that she had called home was just a microcosm, worse it was an illusion... Nothing she had done there mattered because as a citizen living there, she was a prisoner; or as Daniel had said, livestock. The reality of the whole ordeal was overwhelming, Hannah felt weak in her knees and she felt herself losing consciousness.
"Medic!" Hank called and Hannah passed out.
 *****
Chapter 4
A few days had passed since Dr. Hannah LeBeaux escaped Safe Haven and now she found herself in Fort Freedom. It was a heavily protected compound with a large main building and other smaller buildings, which supported its own community surviving within. It was located on the western region of the North American continent, amidst an open plain and its thick alloy walls towered above. Strictly speaking there were no civilians within the Fort; however, the soldiers that met Hannah were part of the core of the army. They were unimaginatively called the Freedom Army, but then again the idea alone was powerful enough to suffice. Rebu and Humans alike working towards a common goal; the rebellion that Daniel had told Hannah about. Hannah stood tall with her long reddish hair dancing in the soft breeze, which caressed her soft pale skin and her dark eyes penetrated the distance beyond the fortress.
After the initial Rebu rebels settled in Fort Freedom, they began releasing people from Safe Haven and it was by no means an easy task. It wasn't long before they built a small force and armed the fort, but they wanted more; they wanted to launch an all-out offensive against the only remaining mother ship, which was now on the surface. Daniel was sent to intercept a stockpile of armaments headed for Safe Haven, which he did, but events took a turn for the worse and he was captured, just as he had told Hannah. She thought of Daniel and the things that he had said to her, even now as she stood on the balcony of her modest quarters. She gazed out to see a blue sky and a flock of birds in the distance, it felt peaceful and Hannah wished that the feeling would last forever. However, she knew that it wouldn't, not with what she had in mind...
*****
"It's been weeks since you got here and the Sentinels have not returned," said a voice from behind Hannah and she turned to face Hank, the Rebu Commander of this army. "I prefer to leave others to their vices but we have questions that we need answered," Hannah considered the alien being that stood in front of her, speaking her language as well as she did and yet he was so different. From what she had seen of the Rebu, they were odd looking creatures. Their grey skin seemed to shine in the light, with a sheen dwarfed by that of their silvered hair. They were tall, remarkably so, and their skin was like polished marble, hard and glossy. Hank being a male had very broad shoulders, unlike the females who had very broad hips. Even though he wore gloves today, Hannah remembered seeing large clawed hands the first time she met him. His head was similarly shaped to that of a Human, but there were slightly greater protrusions on his forehead and at the back of his head. He had large, dark, oblong eyes, with eyelids like an amphibian. Hannah suspected that there were many more differences between the Human and Rebu internal systems, much more than could be seen by the naked eye; and yet there were similarities.
"I understand," Hannah replied. Earlier that week, he had spoken to her about the Rebu and their civil war but when he asked Hannah about Safe Haven she changed the topic; she wasn't ready to talk then, but that was then. 
"Do you remember what I spoke to you about earlier?" Hannah asked referring to the plan that she was working on.
"Yes I do, will you follow me? There are some people that I think you should meet," Hank turned to leave the room and Hannah followed him out the door.
After a short walk through the main building within the fortress, Hank directed Hannah through a door into a conference room. There were four others, already seated around a large table, facing a holographic screen, which flashed different images. Hank cleared his throat and the video playing on the screen paused.
"Nice of you join us," said the person closest to the screen, while Hannah looked around, surveying the room. It had bare walls and a large central table with alien looking holographic computer portals at each seat.
"Hannah, let me introduce you to Lieutenant Lola Fowler, we freed her from Safe Haven two years ago. After that she decided to join my forces and signed up for special forces training to gain her rank; she has proven herself exceptional at warfare," Hank said to Hannah in reference to the source of the earlier greeting.
"Next to Lola is Lieutenant Commander Rohan Beseth and across from him is Sophia, our Chief Medic, they were part of the early rebellion," Hank continued and she in turn looked at the Rebu that Hank had introduced.
"Last but not least is Lieutenant Nathan Duke; you may address us by our given names," Hank said. Hannah recognised the last name, and Nathan stood up and faced her. She recognised his imposing figure, his black hair and green eyes, as much as she recognised the feeling, which now coursed through her veins.
"Duke?" Hannah said after a pause.
"I wondered if you'd remember me," Nathan replied with a smile.
"I..." Hannah started to say.
"Perhaps we should catch up another time," Nathan interrupted, reminding Hannah of the others that were in the room.
"Indeed," spoke Rohan with a deep rumbling voice. Hannah pulled herself together and started towards the seat Hank directed her to occupy. 
"I'm told you all have questions for me..." Hannah started to say.
"Where did you get that suit?" Rohan interrupted.
"Forget the suit. Did you see a Rebu called Daniel?" Sophia asked.
"People please. One at a time," Hank interrupted, halting what would have turned into a barrage of questions. 
"Thank you Hank," Hannah said and she told them about how she met Daniel and the events that transpired. She told them that he had given her the suit, but she decided to hold back some things. She told them most of what Daniel had told her, which was pristinely preserved by her implant. Finally, she told them about how he had died, so that she might escape. Silence hung about the room for a brief spell and then Sophia spoke.
"Daniel is dead?" heartache barely concealed behind her words. 
"I'm sorry," Hannah replied. "Were you close?" Sophia remained silent. 
"Sophia is Daniel's sister," Rohan said.
"I don't know about the rest of you, but Daniel always put the mission first. I don't understand why he'd be in Safe Haven any longer than he needed to be... I just don't understand it," Lola said. "Why bother with Select..." 
"There's only one thing that would make Daniel behave that way," Hank said as he looked at Hannah with his deep, oblong eyes. Hannah gazed into his eyes and watched as colours seemed to shift deep within. "Who are you Hannah?" Hannah held her tongue, wondering whether or not to reveal something that may not even be true. 
"Sophia, what do you think?" Hank asked without taking his eyes off Hannah and Sophia began her own assessment, her eyes fixed on Hannah; and Hannah felt like they were peeling layers off her, revealing the core of what lay beneath.
"Daniel said that I was a renowned Rebu Councillor, the one who started the rebellion," Hannah blurted out.
"Impossible! You look Human!" Lola objected.
"I'll start a bioscan," Rohan added, he waved his hand over his portal and a holographic screen floated to view. He made a few gestures and three small orbs floated down from the ceiling around Hannah. Hannah wanted to protest but then again, she also wanted to know the truth herself. Hank passed his hand over his portal, Hannah copied and the others followed; they were all viewing the same biological scan.
"I can't believe it," Rohan said.
"She's Rebu," Hank confirmed. "Sophia, can you see what they have done to her?" Hank asked.
"I'm not sure..." Sophia said while making rapid gestures with her hands. "I think her consciousness, her memories, all the things that made her Rebu have been suppressed in her subconscious, but what's more curious is her physical transformation. Her body hair, skin texture, colour and eyes, and that's just naming a few. Whatever they did, it has completely transformed her appearance from Rebu to Human," the room went quiet while Hannah considered the information.
"Sophia can you fix it?" Rohan asked.
"I don't know if I can. I'd have to get her to the Medical Centre to know for sure," Sophia said.
"Well, I feel fine and right now my priority is Safe Haven," Hannah said.
"Still..." Sophia started to say.
"No she's right," Lola interrupted. "Hannah - or whoever she really is - has information, and now we can finally put together a plan to free everyone in Safe Haven."
"Safe Haven's time will come, but first we must retrieve those weapons and launch an attack on the Mother Ship," Rohan said.
"I sent a squad to locate and retrieve the weapons some days ago, they've sent me a message saying that they are on their way back," Hank said. "I expect them back before noon today."
"So Commander, what's our plan of attack?" Rohan asked.
"We have to free Safe Haven," Hannah interrupted.
"Finally, some good sense," Lola said exasperatedly. 
"But we must also attack the Mother Ship," Hannah added.
"Exactly," said Rohan.
"Make up your mind woman!" Lola replied.
"Let's hear her out," Hank said. "Hannah, please go on."
"There's only one Mother Ship left on this planet, and the Rebu High Council is debating whether or not to continue pursuing its efforts on Earth; some are thinking it's time for the Rebu to move on. So on that basis, attacking the Mother Ship might make them decide to turn away, but it may also make them decide to send a Rebu fleet, to suppress the uprising," Hannah said, absently feeling a craving for a sweet, fruit drink; her implant responded and a synthesiser rose from a previously absent gap, on the table directly in front of her. She smiled to herself because she realised that her suit and implant combined allowed her to access even this alien technology, but her smile vanished as she remembered the battle she faced to escape Safe Haven, and the struggle that was still to come. She sipped the sweet orange juice and continued. "However, if we made a direct effort at Safe Haven, the Mother Ship will only send in reinforcements." 
"Hmmm, you have only just joined the struggle, but you act like you have been part of it all your life. You have just made a very fair assessment of things as they stand, perhaps you really are Annabelle," Rohan said.
"Annabelle..." Hannah repeated.
"That was the name of the Rebu Councillor that started all this," Nathan said. 
"I see..." Hannah said and wondered about how similar their names were.
"So what do you suggest?" Hank asked.
"We attack both of them," Hannah replied, returning her thoughts to the present. 
"We don't have enough resources to launch a full scale attack on both sides," Rohan informed.
"Precisely. You know this and so does the enemy, so with any luck they won't expect it. The major offensive force will hit the Mother Ship, with a mission to capture it, instead of destroying it. That attack will also act as a diversion and the enemy will focus their attention on defending the Mother Ship; thinking it is the attack route that we have chosen. Meanwhile, a small but effective team will enter Safe Haven and shut down Atlas. I expect that Atlas's shut down will trigger a fail-safe, which will make Safe Haven open to its environment. The citizens will have no choice but to accept that there is much more to their world, just like I have," Hannah responded.
"I'm impressed," Nathan commented and Hannah smiled.
"How do you know that shutting down Atlas, would open the city?" Sophia asked.
"I have read a lot about the history of Safe Haven and I have access to a lot of information about the city. Atlas controls everything, even the air circulation, if it shuts down and the city is closed to the environment, all its inhabitants will die. If I observed this, I am certain that the Builders did as well," Hannah responded.
"Capturing the Mother Ship will be much harder than destroying it," Hank commented.
"Yes, it will. But I suspect it will be easier with you leading the attack, using the equipment that Daniel intercepted," Hannah replied. "Also, capturing the Mother Ship and freeing Safe Haven, will send a firm message to the Rebu High Council."
"I agree," Rohan replied. "Who will lead the team to Safe Haven?"
"I will," Hannah replied. "For as long as I remember, I have lived there, I have access to information on Atlas and I know exactly where we need to be."
"Agreed. When do we begin?" Hank asked.
"Tonight," Hannah said simply, she had given it a lot of thought before the meeting and decided that there was no point delaying any further, but her words were met by silence, as the others considered the reality of the decision.
"I'll go with you Hannah, you might need a medic," Sophia said.
"No Sophia, I'll go with Hannah. You stay here and take care of the injured," Rohan said. "The fortress shouldn't be without its Chief Medic." 
"No Rohan. I am your betrothed, not your pet," Sophia retorted with a bite between her words. "I'll go with Hannah," Sophia said firmly.
"Fine, so will I," Rohan replied.
"Touchy aren't they?" Lola said. "It's a no-brainer for me, I'll come along." 
Hannah was pleased, she wanted a small but highly effective team, and she believed that those in this room were among the best; exactly what she had asked Hank to provide.
"What about you Duke?" Hannah asked.
"Ha! He is a soldier that refuses to kill, we have no use for him in this mission," Rohan said with a growl between words and Hannah wondered once again what type of creatures the Rebu were...
"I'd like to hear what he has to say," Hannah said.
"Thank you Hannah, but Rohan isn't far from the truth. I am not the same man you remember and I won't take another person's life," Nathan said and Hannah considered his words and the man that he was in her past; they had been engaged before he mysteriously disappeared. Even though he was a Guardian, they would party, get drunk and Duke would always end up in a fight. He had taken down many rebel factions that threatened Safe Haven over the years; he wasn't particularly evil but then again he was no saint either. But then Hannah also remembered why she had loved him, it was the way he carried himself, the way he moved others and inspired those that followed. She found herself wondering, how much could he have changed...
"I see..." Hannah replied. 
"Sir," said a disembodied voice said through the speakers. "I'm sorry for the interruption."
"It's OK. What's the problem?" Hank replied.
"Sir, Third Squad have just returned from their mission," said the disembodied voice. 
"Good. I'll be there shortly," Hank answered and ended the communication. "It seems we will have to cut this meeting short; I need to prepare my soldiers. If you need me, you'll find me in the armoury," Hank added to the occupants of the room as he rose from his seat and walked out the door.
"Right, I'll go get myself ready," Lola said and got off her seat. "I'll meet you in the Courtyard when it's time to go," added Lola and she left the room. Rohan got up and followed quietly and so did Nathan, leaving Hannah alone with Sophia.
"Hannah, I need to run further scans on you," Sophia said. "Do you mind coming with me to the Medical Centre, perhaps there is something I can do to help," Sophia offered and Hannah decided to oblige. 
*****
Chapter 5
Hannah lay inclined on a bed that was enclosed in a glass tube, mostly naked save her genitals. The tube was illuminated with a bright, white light and a pair of very dark goggles protected Hannah’s eyes. Before long, the illumination subsided and Hannah heard a voice saying that she could get dressed. The bed levelled and the tube opened, allowing Hannah to stand up and search for her suit, without needing a 'breadcrumb' overlay, which didn't take long at all. Fully clothed, she walked up a short flight of stairs to the Observation Laboratory, were Sophia worked analysing Hannah's biological scans. 
"So… Anything?" Hannah asked Sophia.
"There is no doubt about it. You are Annabelle; your bioscans match hers exactly," Sophia began. "What did they do to you?" Sophia added, while activating what looked like an analysis programme. Hannah had a good idea of what had happened... It was indeed as Daniel had said and she thought back to his words about those things that others had been subjected to; those that were imprisoned below Safe Haven. Even though the truth stared her in her face, Hannah still felt more Human than Rebu... She felt more like Hannah than Annabelle.
"Great Ehnmil! They really are using the Mind Control Programme; it's what they used on you!" Sophia exclaimed. "The High Council would never approve this..." Sophia added.
"Why?" Hannah asked and Sophia looked to her and stepped forward, away from the console.
"Our race has few Mortal Laws and one of them is to never use science or technology to manipulate the minds of other beings, you used this law to herald your revolt against the Council; you called the actions against the Earthlings a crime against free will," Sophia said. "Causing harm against a fellow Rebu is also one of those laws and for the most part these Mortal Laws keep our society together; but there are additional sub-laws and ways for one Rebu to cause harm to another..." Sophia paused for a moment. "And now we are about to break a Mortal Law yet again; these days I wonder, is one law greater than the other? But you were always better at this than I... Whenever I think about it, I end up conflicted," Sophia shook her head and continued. "I realise that all of this is disturbing, but you can see the data for yourself."
"I... I feel even less like Annabelle than I do Rebu... I know that I am Hannah LeBeaux and I am Human, how could that be wrong?" Hannah started to say but continued the train of thought within her mind, allowing her thoughts to consider her situation, and the enormity of this new information was overwhelming.
"It is curious I know, but from what I can see you are both Hannah and Annabelle, you are you, but with some..." Sophia continued but was interrupted by an alert from her console. Sophia turned to the console and smiled.
"What is it?" Hannah asked and leaned closer to see the console.
"I think I can synthesise a cure," Sophia responded and started walking towards a beam of light contained in a large, glass cylinder on a platform. Shortly after, she turned to face Hannah holding something that looked like a pen. 
"Contained in this is a compound that should reverse the effects of your conditioning," Sophia explained and Hannah was consoled that Sophia was speaking her language, chemical compounds.
"Can I see the formula?" Hannah asked, welcoming the opportunity for something familiar.
"Of course," Sophia responded and activated the holographic screen. Hannah observed the screen and instantly her implant began cataloging and processing the information. 
"Sophia," Hank's disembodied voice called through the speakers. "Please report to the Armoury."
"I'm on my way Commander," Sophia replied and turned to face Hannah, with a curious expression on her face. 
"Don't worry I'll be fine. I was a Biochemist in Safe Haven," Hannah said and Sophia smiled in return and she walked out through the automated doors.
"Analysis completed," Hannah's implant said to her, taking Hannah by surprise.
"Show me," Hannah said to her implant and the holographic image showed a visual of the expected process, while the implant narrated.
"The formula once in your blood will travel to your brain, where over a period of time it will reverse the pseudo-bonds and then the formula would dissipate," Hannah's implant concluded and ended the audio-visual presentation. "Would you like to learn more about Rebu physiology?" Hannah's implant queried and she considered it for a moment and then decided not to do so, she didn't really have the time and didn't see what difference that knowledge would make at this point, besides cause her more confusion. Hannah thought that the compound itself looked benign enough.
"Duplicate formula and apply once duplication is complete," Hannah asked her implant. Hannah wondered what would happen to her, where would the Hannah she knows go... Hannah considered the idea as she passed through the automated doors out the Medical Centre, almost stumbling into Nathan.
"Hannah, I was just coming to see you," Nathan said and Hannah smiled, glad to have him as an interruption to her musings.
"I can't believe you've been here all this time," Hannah said.
"May I walk you to your quarters?" Nathan asked and Hannah smiled again, always the gentleman, she thought.
"Yes, of course." 
"It all started one night," Nathan began. "I guess you could say I completely lost it when I found myself in the middle of a shoot out in P3... I caused an explosion and it killed all the targets and most of my team," Hannah thought that she understood, but she also found it curious that she hadn't heard a word about this within the city... She considered the information while paying passing attention to the pristine hallway, which had wall mounted consoles a few paces apart, projecting holographic images. The walls were white and there was a sweet scent about the air that accompanied the disembodied communications between the Fort's occupants. Hannah and Nathan turned the corner and walked up a short flight of stairs, heading towards the Accommodation Deck, with a view to the brilliant blue sky outside, on their right.
"It's no surprise that I was arrested and I faced the death penalty, but as I was being transported to the Penitentiary, the convoy was attacked and then I was brought here," Nathan said. "The following day I took an oath to never fight or harm another person again. I should be dead but I'm not, perhaps I have been given a chance at redemption; I have no intentions of falling short," Nathan continued in a sombre tone. "And this is why I can't go with you," Nathan said just as they reached the door to Hannah's quarters and they stopped just outside the door.
"I... I don't know what to say," Hannah started. "Duke, I know you and I know you aren't a killer, either way, I want you to come with us for an entirely different reason. I can promise you that you won't have to kill anyone, but we could use your knowledge of Guardian protocols," Nathan didn't look convinced. "At least think on it, we've still got a few hours to go."
"OK, I will." Nathan replied, Hannah grabbed the door handle and opened it.
"Would you like to come in?" Hannah offered and Duke smiled as they entered Hannah's quarters. The room was self-contained; it had a bedroom and sitting area, with a separate bathroom and kitchen. Hannah continued her stride past her comfortable bed on her left and the couches on her right, to her open balcony and Nathan followed.
"Standing here, looking out always makes me feel at peace," Hannah said.
"There is a serenity to be learned by observing nature," Nathan replied with a smile. Suddenly, Hannah turned to him and hugged him, drawing him nearer and his arms wrapped themselves around her, while Hannah fought down her rising tears.
"I've missed you so much Duke," Hannah said remembering the hurt she felt when he disappeared.
“It’s OK Hannah, I’m here now,” Nathan consoled.
Suddenly Hannah felt a sharp pain in her head and raised her hands to her temples pressing down hard, trying to force the pain down.
“Are you OK? What’s wrong?” Nathan asked just as the pain began to pass.
“It’s nothing,” Hannah replied still rubbing her temples.
“Perhaps, I should let you rest; you’ve had a stressful past few days,” Nathan said pulling away from Hannah.
“Yes... I think I need to lie down for a little while,” Hannah replied and Nathan nodded, turned and walked towards the door.
“Oh Duke...” Hannah said. “Could you ask Hank to fit as many as possible in these suits?” Hannah asked, pointing to the survival suit that she was wearing.
“Leave it to me Hannah, you just get some rest,” Nathan replied and left Hannah’s quarters.
*****
Chapter 6
Curiously Hannah found herself in an unusual looking expanse of black and blue undulating hues. Suddenly, the scene morphed and became a familiar setting and she found herself standing in her office at PharmaTech. She looked around and saw the lift light indicating an approaching visitor; panic began to rise within her. Finally, the lift reached her floor but when the doors opened a thick mist rolled out and filled Hannah’s vision, and she struggled to make out the image concealed within the mist. Hannah felt a terror she hadn’t felt before and she panicked, looking around for an escape but she found none. Scared and confused Hannah screamed…
“Hannah,” called an unfamiliar voice.
“Hannah,” called the strange voice again. “Wake up Hannah; it’s almost time to go,” the voice added and roused Hannah from her nightmare. She opened her eyes to see Nathan leaning over her with a worried expression on his face.
“Are you OK?” Nathan asked and Hannah realised that she was drenched in sweat and her hands were still shaking from the dream. “Bad dream?” Hannah nodded.
“Are they all ready?” Hannah asked brushing aside her nightmare.
“Yes, they’re just waiting on you.”
“OK, thanks Duke. I’ll be out in ten, let me clean up first.”
*****
“You all know why we are here and what we stand for…” Hank said to the Freedom Army. “…We are fighting for the right of Human existence. For years we have held our own against the Hierarchy, the High Council and the Rebu Mother Ship, keeping those within these walls safe, but now it is time to do more, much more,” Hank continued just as Hannah joined them in the courtyard. “Today we will launch what may very well be our first and only major offensive against my misguided kin. You all know me and what I stand for, and I can affirm to you that I will give my all in this battle and I expect nothing less from you all. Some of you have been given Rebu survival suits and I hope you used the last few hours to get accustomed to them because they will give us a much needed edge,” Hank added leaving a short pause for effect. 
“I have brought out the extent of our armoury for convenience. You can select any weapons you feel will serve you best, however, the pulsed chamber assault rifle is a basic requirement. You must all equip yourselves with one of them; they are very reliable, all round weapons. You may also choose to take a sonic blade, these are one of the best weapons to use against a Sentinel. Make no mistake, this will be by no means an easy task, as we expect the Mother Ship to be heavily guarded; after all it is the only Rebu ship around for light-years,” Hank added as he sheathed a sonic blade and retrieved an assault rifle. “Take whatever you need and settle your affairs, we leave in thirty minutes,” Hank concluded and walked towards Hannah who was standing beside Nathan. As Hank approached Rohan, Sophia and Lola emerged from the crowd to join them.
“I’ve packed as many medical supplies as I can carry,” Sophia announced as she slung a bag over her back and secured a pulse pistol on her side.
“You should probably carry a few weapons as well,” Hank said to Hannah, while considering Rohan and Lola’s cloaked appearance.  Rohan opened his cloak to reveal the weapons he carried on his person, armed to the teeth as expected of Special Tactics Officer, and Lola did the same revealing two sonic blades holstered at her sides.
“I haven’t fired a rifle before…” Hannah started to say but remembered the pulses her suit fired, while escaping the Sentinels.
“All the same...” Rohan said passing Hannah a pulse pistol. “…You should probably carry one,” Hannah accepted the pistol and holster, securing the holstered pistol round her hips.
“These suits should help us all communicate via a secure network, so let’s keep in touch,” Hannah said.
“Agreed,” Hank replied. “I pray that Ehnmil keeps you safe and watches over both our endeavours,” Hank added as he turned and returned to his men.
“He’s worried,” Lola observed.
“He should be… We may all die in this attempt,” Rohan replied.
“How very optimistic of you,” Lola teased.
“What now?” Sophia asked.
“Since we all have survival suits the beginning of our journey will be relatively easy,” Hannah answered.
“What do you mean?” Nathan asked.
“We’ll fly to the shore,” Hannah replied with a smile. “It’s really easy, just bunch up your legs and jump, but imagine yourself remaining in the air, in motion; the suit will take care of the rest,” the others exchanged looks, obviously they hadn’t tried it before, so Hannah decided to demonstrate. She bunched up her legs and slowly lifted herself off the ground, suspended mid-air and then returned to the ground. 
After numerous failed attempts, they finally got it right and it seemed word spread throughout the courtyard and others who had on the survival suits began attempting to fly as well. Hannah smiled at the game that had ensued, momentarily forgetting the challenge they were yet to face.
“It seems you’ve got the hang of it. Are you ready to go?” Hannah asked her companions and they nodded in response. Hannah prepared herself and then launched into the air, the others followed and joined her as the five of them raced towards the shoreline, leaving Fort Freedom behind them.
As the companions approached the shoreline, Hannah lowered her altitude until she was almost touching the surface and the others followed, and then she slowed to a landing directly in front of the open sea.
“Safe Haven is just beyond the horizon,” Hannah said as the others joined her. “After this point I expect an approach by air will be detected, but perhaps we can approach by sea.”
“What?!” Lola spoke up. “You never said anything about swimming!” Lola exclaimed.
“It’s only water,” Hannah teased. “Besides, swimming is easy and I’m sure that if these suits can help us fly they can also help us swim.”
“How sure is sure?” Lola asked and the others laughed. Lola looked around “What? I’m serious!” 
“I think she is concerned that you haven’t tried this before and to be honest so am I,” Nathan said and Hannah smiled.
“If it doesn’t work then we’ll have to try something else, but for now that’s all we’ve got,” Hannah said trying to calm their nervous worries. “Are you ready?”
“As ready as I’m gonna be,” Lola replied.
“Let’s just get this over with,” Rohan added, itching to get into battle.
“OK then, let’s go,” said Hannah as she started walking towards the water, and the others followed; before long her implant spoke.
“Submerged optimisations installed, system activated,” Hannah watched as a clear film rolled from her neck completely covering her head. She turned to the others and saw that their suits were doing the same; Lola and Sophia were laughing as they observed the ocean life beneath that they could now see in full clarity.
“I’m glad you were right,” Nathan said over their communication network as he swam to Hannah, a smile printed on his face.
“We shouldn’t waste time,” Rohan said simply.
“OK, this way,” Hannah said to them and propelled herself through the water, cutting through it with great speed as though she flew in the air. She was once again amazed at the capabilities of the survival suits, she turned back to see the others keeping up with her and she smiled, but her smiled vanished and she remembered their mission.
*****
The Mother Ship lay on the ground and was majestic in its size and appearance and yet, right now, its presence conveyed such dark intentions. Hank scoped the area zooming, mapping and cataloging the guards. With his suit’s sensors his mind would be able to build a real time map, but its accuracy depended on the information that he collected. As the survival suit built the map he considered his forces, a mix of Human and Rebu fighters, fighting for what they believed in; the right to exist freely as sentient beings. Those that didn’t have survival suits were geared with different types of technological advancement, to improve the chances of an effective infiltration. The Alpha Team, for example, were equipped with light shields; these were basically invisibility cloaks but they also provided a low level personal shield. The user also has the added ability of being able to see across a range of energy wavelengths. They also had other technologies that improved their overall physical performance, agility, endurance, health; and they could also climb almost anything. Hank would use them in this mission as stealth operatives, his vanguard of sorts, their job will be to infiltrate the Mother Ship unseen, transmit details back to Hank for his map and wait for further orders.
The Beta Team on the other hand served as both support and tactical gambit. They were Rebu outfitted with neural nets that improved mental performance along specified lines; healing, illusions and low-level telekinesis. They would remain at the centre of Hank’s invading force distracting the enemy and healing hurt comrades. The Standard Infantry had on regular armour, which utilised a kinetic dampener shield and a drug to boost stamina. Hank was somewhat optimistic, he had prepared for this incursion as best as he could and yet he was worried. He wasn’t entirely certain of what he would face within the Mother Ship and even though he was worried about the success of both his mission and Hannah’s, he pushed those thoughts to the back of his mind and focused on the task at hand.
“Alpha Team, you have your orders, move in,” Hank said over their secured communications and Hank watched as they moved towards the Mother Ship, vanishing from sight. It wasn’t long before Hank received confirmation of their success, which filled him with hope and with that he turned to the rest of his soldiers and they began their advance; aided in part by Alpha Team’s sabotage.
*****
Chapter 7
As Hannah saw the shape of a large object in the distance she reduced her depth, but increased her speed and the others followed. Shortly after, they reached a comfortable distance to Safe Haven, they slowed to a stop and Hannah rose slowly to the surface. As her head broke the surface, she gazed; she was full of emotions as she looked at her home and she longed for things to return to normal. Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain behind her eyes, which passed as quickly as it emerged. She shook it off and looked to her companions, who were now watching her expectantly.
“The city is impressive,” Rohan remarked and Hannah realised that he had never seen the city before.
“How do we get in? I doubt we could still use any of the access portals,” Lola said. Suddenly, a humming sound could be heard in the distance above them and they looked up to see a large door open, and a fleet of over a dozen Heavy Armour Sentinels emerged, flying to the east with great haste.
“It would seem that your plan is working,” Nathan said quietly to Hannah.
“Where are they going?” Sophia asked, worry hidden in the undertones of her voice.
“The Commander,” Rohan said simply and Hannah nodded. She quickly used her implant to open a communication line to Hank across the ocean.
“Hank, are you there?” Hannah asked and was greeted by silence. Finally, she heard sounds come through and she linked her companions into the communication. 
“Sounds like assault rifles,” Rohan announced.
“We’re here Hannah!” Hank screamed in response over the noise of battle. “My Alpha Team was able to effectively infiltrate the Mother Ship and the rest of us followed. Beta Team cast illusions that hid us and we made our way deeper into the Mother Ship towards the Command Centre…”
“Medic! Medic!! Silas is down! I need a Medic!” Hank’s scream was heard over the communication.  
“Sir, Field Medic Nyala here. Let me see,” responded a female voice.
“Here take him. Hannah, are you still there?” Hank asked.
“Yes Hank, we’re all here,” Hannah replied.
“Our advance has been halted; they have technology here that we haven’t seen before. Somehow it is negating the effects of the cloaks and the effect of the illusions being cast by the Beta Team. In short, we’re pinned down,” Hank said.
“I hate to give more bad news but you’ve got incoming Heavy Armour Sentinels, I counted twenty but there may be more, they were flying very fast,” Hannah said.
“That’s bad news indeed. They may decide to join this battle from our rear…” Hank said before going quiet for a little while and the sound of an exploding grenade filled the silence. “OK Hannah, transmission received. Whatever you’ve got to do, I suggest you do it quickly. We will proceed with our mission over here as best as we can. I hate to cut short our conversation but I must return my attention to this battle.” 
“I understand. Good luck,” Hannah replied.
“Thanks, we’ll need it,” Hank responded, closing the connection.
“We need to hurry,” Nathan said.
“Which brings us back to my question; how do we get in? Through those doors?” Lola asked pointing at the slowly closing doors, from which the Sentinels had emerged. Hannah considered the option with the aid of her implant.
“No good. Those are only the outer doors; the inner doors have already been closed and sealed. Besides it leads straight into the Sentinel Base,” Hannah replied.
“It’s a submersible city, so perhaps there is an entrance beneath the city?” Sophia asked.
“No. That wouldn’t work either; the only thing underneath Safe Haven is the Penitentiary,” Hannah replied.
“Then how do we get in, some kind of waste exit?” Rohan asked impatiently.
“Not exactly,” Hannah responded. “Safe Haven is completely self-sustained. Its waste products are water vapour and trace inert gases, so those pipes would be an impossible means to enter the city. However, the dead aren’t buried in Safe Haven, the bodies are wrapped in a biodegradable material and dropped into the bottom of the sea.”
“Ah… Of course, we could climb up that underwater chute,” Nathan said.
“Precisely and my implant says that region isn’t usually guarded. So with any luck we won’t have any trouble,” Hannah added.  
“OK then, lead the way,” Rohan said and Hannah dove deep into the ocean, following the 'breadcrumbs' overlaid by her implant, which directed her to the chute.
The companions, guided by Hannah’s overlaid navigation image, had an uneventful journey up the chute, emerging within the confines of the Mortuary and Hannah found herself wondering if this was the same way Daniel got into Safe Haven… The Mortuary was dark and mostly empty, with only a dim glow of light at the far end of the hallway. All around lay what looked like cabinets, which Hannah knew housed the dead, until their remains were exited down the chute.
“Is this the Mortuary? Are we in Safe Haven?” Rohan queried.
“Yes,” Nathan replied.
“Hannah?” Sophia began. “Will that computer interface hold the names of all those who have been held here and those that have already been... Exited?” 
“Yes and I know where you’re going with this,” Hannah replied.
“If I find his name on this database then I’ll know for sure that he is dead,” Sophia said.
“I understand Sophia, but don’t get your hopes up, I saw the vibrating blade pierce his chest and after all he faced getting me out, I really can’t see him being alive,” Hannah responded.
“Fine. Show me how to use this,” Sophia said irritatingly and Hannah obliged, giving her some space once Sophia had grasped how to use the system. The others crowded around Sophia, while Nathan stood perfectly still, facing a particular set of cabinets. Hannah decided not to interrupt and looked down the hallway, using her implant to overlay any relevant security information it had on the building. Just as she had expected, security here was minimal, a few cameras here and there but mostly unguarded. After all, grave robbing was a crime Safe Haven didn’t really encounter.
Suddenly, her vision shifted and it became overlaid with a dark red, and the light in the distance vanished. Hannah looked around and saw everyone else frozen in time, and she tried not to panic. She tried to shake them out of it, but her hands passed right through each one of them. Hannah wondered what was happening, nothing was like it should be and even her implant was no longer responding. Hannah looked back down the hallway and this time she saw a silhouetted figure in the distance. Cautiously, Hannah approached the mysterious figure and then it took a step forward and Hannah froze.
“Who are you?” Hannah asked and a little bit of light caught the silhouette for but a moment, revealing reddish blonde locks of hair.
“I am who I am, but who are you?” the silhouette asked and this question left Hannah a little dumbfounded.
“How are you doing this? What do you want?” Hannah asked forcefully and then she felt a hand on her shoulder before hearing the words.
“Hannah, are you OK?” Nathan asked her as she turned to face him and abruptly her vision returned to normal. Hannah darted her eyes back to the hallway, which had now also returned to normal, with a dim light in the distance and no silhouetted figure. Hannah rubbed her head, which now harboured a dull ache.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Hannah replied finally. “Did you find anything Sophia?” Hannah asked when she uncomfortably realised that everyone was staring at her. 
“<Cough>” Rohan cleared his throat. “Sophia was just saying that Daniel’s name isn’t on the database,”
“And Rohan thinks that was intentional and probably doesn’t mean Daniel is alive, but I do and I’m going to look for him,” Sophia added.
“This is crazy!” Lola exclaimed in a hushed tone. “We’ve got a job to do here. We don’t have time for this,” meanwhile, Hannah started accessing her implant for information on possible locations where Daniel’s body could be within Safe Haven.
“Do you have any idea where to start looking?” Nathan asked.
“No… I don’t, but I was hoping Hannah could help,” Sophia replied.
“I can’t go with you, but I have searched Safe Haven for records of him; his last known location was the underground Penitentiary, but it doesn’t say if he is dead or alive,” Hannah said.
“I’m going to find him. Tell me how to get there,” Sophia said with a determined tone.
“Sophia, the Penitentiary is a very different place to the rest of the city; the vilest of our society get sentenced there, security is tight and well, let’s just say that the things I’ve already told about the place, are among many other inhumane acts…”Hannah began. “… I want to find Daniel too but…”
“But what? If you really want to find him, then come with me?” Sophia retorted and Hannah remained silent.
“I didn’t think so. You may look different but you haven’t changed one bit Annabelle. Just tell me how to get there and you don’t have to worry about it,” Sophia added sounding very frustrated. Hannah couldn’t understand the comparison, she wondered if Sophia didn’t see the importance of the mission; Hannah couldn’t afford to let Hank’s efforts go to waste. However, she also felt the need to find out for certain the truth of Daniel’s fate.
“Accept my transmission,” Hannah said and within moments her implant uploaded a map to Sophia’s suit.
“That’s the route that the dead bodies are transported here from below, it should have the least amount of security, but you will need to remain concealed…” Hannah started to say.
“Thank you,” Sophia stated flatly and started walking towards another chute. 
“Don’t worry, I understand. I’ll go with her and one way or another, once we’re done we'll rendezvous with you,” Rohan said.
“Thanks, I’ll periodically broadcast my location to your suits over our secure link,” Hannah replied and without another word, Rohan turned and followed Sophia down the chute and out of sight, leaving Nathan, Lola and Hannah in the Mortuary.
“You do realise that this seriously reduces our chances for success,” Lola stated.
“Oh don’t be so melodramatic,” Nathan said.
“We still have to get past reception, let’s get moving.” Hannah said as she grabbed the hooded robe of an undertaker and the others followed suit. As she donned the robe and pulled up the hood, she remembered that these hoods were meant to serve as reverence to the dead and she wondered if her actions were defiling the dead… She pushed the thought away and distracted her mind from the now constant headache, by focussing on her mission.
Chapter 8
The hooded trio engaged themselves in hushed whispers as they passed the reception desk unchallenged and exited unto the main street in Perimeter 3. Nothing could have prepared Hannah for the sight that greeted her senses. There were countless pedestrians on the streets in the Lower City, very unusual in a city networked with low cost intelligent transportation. Many walked as though in a daze, with an outward appearance that spoke of extreme destitution. One man walked right into Hannah and her hood fell off; he stared for a while, and unceremoniously corrected himself; as he walked away a foul stench followed him. Apparently, he was unable to recognise the one-time most hunted criminal in Safe Haven, and Hannah was confused. She looked to the others, former citizens of Safe Haven like herself, and they mirrored the same confused expressions. Hannah returned her hood to its position and started walking, with Nathan and Lola following her towards a public cabin stop. When the cabin pulled to a halt, Hannah was hit by the realization of the situation. The billboard on the side of the cabin read: ‘Select, the only sustenance you will ever need…’ 
She felt Nathan and Lola guide her shocked self into the cabin. Daniel was right, Hannah thought. As Hannah sat down at the rear end of the cabin, with Nathan and Lola on either side, her mind reeled with the new information. Everything else became a distant memory as Hannah took in the reality of her most successful product yet; this was all her fault, she thought. Doesn’t anyone else see this? Why didn’t Marcus or John interfere? Surely they are doing something about it… These thoughts and questions plagued Hannah’s mind, but still she thought that it was her product and therefore all this was her fault.
“They’re like zombies,” Lola commented while looking out the window on her side, just as the cabin rose to the Middle City, en route to Perimeter 2. “Is this because of Select?” Lola asked Hannah in a hushed tone, which received a stern look from Nathan.
“Hannah, this isn’t your fault,” Nathan consoled. “You had no way of knowing that it would end up like this; what you made was a tool and this is how they chose to use it.”
“But I did know, Daniel warned me,” Hannah protested.
“Regardless, you can’t blame yourself for their abuse of your product,” Nathan responded.
“I know what you’re doing Duke and I’m grateful, but you’re wrong,” Hannah said. “These people are suffering because of my product and I just can’t deny that fact.”
Their journey to Perimeter 2 continued and Hannah gazed out the window barely noticing the architecture that had once inspired her. She looked out to the cargo networks below and the other passing cabins, but instead of marvelling at Atlas’s capability, she hated herself for not noticing what had once been her gilded cage.  
“I have to destroy Select,” Hannah blurted out in a hushed tone as the cabin approached the final stop within Perimeter 2.
“What?! No, not you too!” Lola said in a frustrated tone. “Have you forgotten our mission?” Lola asked Hannah in a whisper.
“No, but this is just as important; I started it, so I have to fix it,” Hannah whispered in return. The trio stood up and walked off the cabin, into an enclosed skywalk in the Middle City of Perimeter 2. Hannah pulled Nathan and Lola to the side, away from the congested skywalk, which was filled with bewildered citizens.
“Look, I’m going to do this, and besides it’s on our way, we would need to get to Building 0 anyway. We need to get to Atlas’s hardware interface, which is located in Atlas’s Sky Hub and the only place with access to the Sky Hub is the Mayor’s office, in Building 0; and that’s also where I’ll need to be, to destroy Select,” Hannah explained.
“She’s right, the Mayor’s office is where we have to go to complete our mission,” Lola said.
“Of course, I’m right! The more time we waste arguing about this, the harder it’ll be to destroy Select,” Hannah replied.
“Right… Like a few minutes would make much difference at this point…” Lola retorted.
“C’mon, there’s no sense fighting. We’re all here for the same reason; let’s just continue to the Mayor’s office for now...” Nathan interjected. “...And look, here’s our next cabin,” Nathan added motioning for Hannah and Lola to go ahead of him.
*****
Hank did as much as he could to get his forces into a defensible position, within the Mother Ship. With a lot of luck, they had managed to creep their way deeper into the ship and were now two doors away from the Command Centre. They had built a barricade of sorts, a mixture of bodies and supplies all around themselves. Only five remained of the Alpha Team and they were strategically positioned around the wide foyer, with many doorways. Most of Beta Team had survived and they were kept safe within the core of Hank’s forces, treating the injured soldiers. The Freedom Army's Standard Infantry (S.I.), had taken the brunt of the action and only half of their initial number remained. However, Hank thought that their infiltration was going much better than his worst fears, but that was before the Sentinels arrived.
Before they emerged, Hank had managed to keep the foyer secure and the enemy forces were easier to shoot down, as they tried to attack through the passageways on the other side of the doorways. Suddenly, five Sentinels emerged simultaneously from the doorways around the foyer; and they resisted the attack of the Freedom Army, slowly pressed their advantage, allowing more defenders to join the battle.
“Hurry up with that door!” Hank screamed out to the team trying to unlock the security door leading to the Command Centre behind them. “Alpha Team see what you can do about the Sentinel to the East, we’re losing a lot of ground there!” Hank screamed down his communicator. “S.I., break up into five teams and focus your attacks on the Sentinels closest to you, hit them with everything you’ve got!” 
“Sir, what do we do? We’re losing ground everywhere,” informed Hank's lieutenant, but it wasn’t information the Commander didn’t already know.
“We keep on fighting soldier,” Hank said, as he put a large plasma cannon on his shoulder; he aimed at a Sentinel and fired three successive shots, while silently wishing he had a rail gun.
*****
Hannah, Nathan and Lola got off the cabin at Perimeter 1, right next to the shopping megaplaza; a few blocks from where PharmaTech’s head office was located.
“We’re going to need a key-card to get into Building 0,” Hannah announced.
“That’s right. Not just anyone can get in there and I doubt my codes are still active,” Nathan added. “If my memory is correct the Guardians all have access and they usually meet for soft drinks at The Point, a few meters north of here. So why don’t we try it out.”
“That’s as good a plan as any,” Lola agreed and the trio walked the short distance to the bar. “With any luck, they’ll be as bewildered as the rest of the citizens,” Lola added as the trio approached the entrance to The Point.
“I doubt it. Guardians aren’t allowed intoxicants while on duty,” Nathan responded.
“Greetings, I am Atlas,” said a robotic sentry outside the bar. “Please provide identification…”
“That’s it, end of the line,” Lola announced.
“Don’t worry; it’s just one of his subroutines,” Hannah responded. “I doubt Atlas closely monitors this access point.”
“But we don’t have any identification,” Nathan said.
“Leave it to me Duke,” Hannah replied and deliberately walked to the robot sentry, while simultaneously accessing her implant. After a brief wireless exchange the sentry’s LED changed from amber to green.
“Welcome Miss Davencourt, you and your guests are welcome, your credits have been uploaded,” said the robotic sentry and Hannah looked back to the others with a smile and motioned for them to follow her.
They entered the bar, which had many patrons for this early in the day and as Nathan predicted there were Guardians having drinks at the far end of the bar. It was a large bar, worthy of its location in Perimeter 1, right next to the Capital Complex. Hannah pushed down her memories of her last night out in Safe Haven; it was here that she and John tested Select for the first time. The Point had high ceilings with beautiful floating chandeliers and its interior was adorned with the most remarkable works of art.
“Shouldn’t we drop our hoods?” Nathan asked.
“Yeah I agree, it might make us look less conspicuous,” Lola added.
“Perhaps, but if you drop the hood then you’d have to take the whole robe off. The undertakers are never seen with their hoods down, since the hood is a sign of reverence for their work. Besides most people prefer to stay away from undertakers, it’s considered bad luck to be around them,” Hannah explained and the others nodded, keeping their disguise intact.
“Well, if you don’t mind, I think I’d like a drink,” Lola announced and made her way to the bar and the others followed. The bar tender approached and took their orders before hurriedly removing himself from their immediate vicinity.
“So, any ideas?” Hannah asked the other two quietly.
“What I wouldn’t give for optical camouflage right now… You don’t have any of that in your bag of tricks do you?” Lola asked Hannah, while Nathan surveyed the Guardians, who were engaged in a heated discussion while having soft drinks.
“No, unfortunately I don’t. Hank needed those that were at the Fort,” Hannah replied.
“That’s a shame, both you and Nathan are on the most wanted list and I’m declared missing…” Lola added.   
“I have an idea,” Nathan announced and started to get off his bar stool.
“Duke wait, where are you going?” Hannah queried but Nathan continued walking towards the bathroom.
“I think he just followed a Guardian in there,” Lola said to Hannah in a whisper and Hannah’s eyes darted to the rest of the Guardian group, who didn’t seem to have noticed Nathan’s advance. “I think we should stay on our toes, this might get hairy,” Lola said and quickly emptied her glass. 
*****
Nathan kept his face concealed with his hood, as he followed the Guardian into the toilets. He wondered about the stroke of luck that the hand of fate had just dealt him. The Guardian he followed was an old colleague, renowned for repeatedly losing his key-cards. Nathan remained many paces behind him, as the Guardian turned right at the ‘T’ junction at the end of the corridor, and went into the male toilets. Nathan followed, while keeping a steady pace, trying to ignore the pounding he now felt in his heart. As he approached the entrance to the toilets, the automatic sensor detected his presence and the doors slid open. Nathan paused for a brief moment and walked towards a cubicle, which was close to where the Guardian stood. He stumbled into the Guardian who was using the urinal, pretending to be as disillusioned as the citizens outside, while swiftly reaching into the Guardian’s pocket and retrieving his key-card.
“Hey! Watch it!” The Guardian protested but Nathan stayed in character and remained silent while stumbling into the cubicle.
“Almost pissed on myself... Even the Undertakers are hooked... Damn shame,” muttered the Guardian as he continued relieving himself. Nathan's heart pounded furiously and he sat on the toilet seat, turning the key-card in his hand with a smile printed on his face.
*****
Hannah watched the Guardian return to his colleagues but didn’t see Nathan, she decided not to worry because she thought that if it had gone badly this scene would be very different. She glanced to her right and saw Lola patiently surveying the bar and Hannah reached for her fruit drink. However, as she lifted the glass her hand froze and she was unable to move it. She brought her other hand down and tried to force the frozen hand down; suddenly, her field of vision changed. She saw everything with a thick red hue and everyone else seemed frozen in time. She looked to the Guardians, not really sure what she was expecting to see, but instead saw the silhouetted figure from before; however, it wasn’t facing her. It seemed to be muttering something that was progressively getting louder.
“…m…min…mine…” Hannah strained to hear. “Mine,” said the figure in an affirmative tone and it turned to look directly at Hannah, and it was then that she saw its bright red eyes. “There you are!” screamed the figure and it burst into a blinding bright light and Hannah felt a sharp pain in her head.
“Hannah…” Lola said. “Are you listening?” 
“What is it?” Hannah asked, while resisting the urge to rob her head, to relieve it from the pain that was now subsiding. Hannah wondered what was happening to her, but decided not to dwell on it. There was too much at stake, in a sense, Safe Haven’s fate depended on this mission.
“I got it,” Nathan stated.
“Great, now we can get going,” Hannah replied.
“Hannah, are you OK? You’ve been pretty distracted…” Nathan asked.
“I’m fine Duke, thanks. I guess it’s just this place, you know what I mean?” Hannah decided not to mention her headaches and hallucinations.
“Yeah, I understand what you mean,” Nathan replied.
“If you two are done with your moment, I’m ready to get going,” Lola said anxiously and Nathan smiled.
“After you,” Nathan said and the trio walked out of The Point.
*****
Chapter 9
Sophia and Rohan continued down the chute and found themselves in an underground entrance.
“What is all this?” Sophia asked Rohan.
“It’s their dead,” Rohan replied.
“All these boxes?!” Sophia exclaimed.
“The size looks about right, besides can’t you smell the stench?” 
“I can, but I thought that’s just how this place smells.”
“Perhaps, but I am certain these boxes hold their dead. There is only one way out of here and it’s down this long path,” Rohan added pointing to the dark corridor ahead of them.
“OK, follow me.” 
“No. I’ll lead,” Rohan responded flatly.
“Oh don’t start this nonsense. You’re the one who wanted to follow me, so follow,” Sophia retorted.
“Fine,” Rohan conceded. “But don’t go too far ahead.”
“What, scared you can’t keep up; oh highly trained Special Tactics Officer,” Sophia jested as she started along the path. Rohan merely shook his head and followed, while quietly readying his sonic blade. He had no doubt that they would soon encounter resistance. As they approached an intersection, Rohan asked Sophia if he could look ahead before they went any farther. He switched his visual range to thermal and cautiously peered round both corners.
“It seems that beyond this point, they use intelligent lighting; the lights come on when they sense activity,” Rohan informed.
“It’s probably one of the ways Safe Haven conserves energy,” Sophia responded and Rohan nodded.
“I agree, but I don’t think we'll get far dressed like this.”
“What do you suggest?” 
“There are three Guardians coming our way, perhaps we could borrow their uniforms,” Rohan recommended with a cheeky grin, which Sophia returned.
“I guess I’ll leave that to you then,” Sophia took a few steps back and Rohan leapt into the air, slowly rising to the dark ceiling, towards the arch above, and there he remained while looking below with his infrared vision. Rohan relished the prospects of some action and smiled as he patiently waited on his prey. The moment they appeared at the entrance, Rohan descended on them, knocking out one Guardian as he approached. With trained speed and precision, he sent two sharp blows to the heads of the other two knocking them unconscious; and not a sound escaped their lips. Rohan started to move their bodies away from the light, deeper into the dark path behind him.
“Wow, I’m impressed,” Sophia complimented.
“It’s what I was trained to do; I just hope I didn’t catch any unwanted attention,” Rohan replied.
“I doubt it. You were swift and silent,” Sophia responded with a smile and Rohan smiled back.
“Did you ever doubt that I could protect you?” Rohan asked with a mischievous grin.
“Oh, there you go again, whatever, let’s just get into these uniforms,” Sophia responded with a little irritation in her voice, and she began undressing the Guardians.
*****
“You know, I’m a little surprised that we made it this far,” Hannah said to Lola and Nathan, as he used the key-card, and the trio entered Building 0.
“I think maybe the Sentinels we saw leaving the city made all the difference,” Lola said.
“Perhaps, but where are all the Guardians?” Nathan asked as he turned to face Lola.
“Well, two of them are approaching us now,” Lola whispered to Nathan and he turned to face them.
“What are you Undertakers doing here?” queried one of the Guardians.
“Why does your access code identify you as a Guardian?” queried the other Guardian as they faced the trio.
“Leave this to me,” Lola said quietly to Hannah and Nathan over their suit’s communication and Hannah broadcasted another brief signal to Rohan and Sophia.
Lola sprang into action; she unsheathed and activated one of her sonic blades simultaneously, while tracing a perfect arc across both Guardians. Blood gushed from their wounds and they dropped to the ground.
“What the hell?!” Nathan shouted at Lola. “Why did you do that?”
“Don’t tell me you thought we came here to play cards with them; before this mission is done more blood will be spilt,” Lola replied dismissively.
“But did you have to kill them?” Hannah asked.
“Please, don’t dishonour my skill,” Lola replied. “My attack was sufficient enough to render them harmless but they are not dead; however, they won’t be able to tell anyone about our presence until it is much too late,” Lola continued as she sheathed her blade. “That said, I recommend we leave here immediately. There’s no telling who else our presence may have attracted,” Lola started walking briskly towards the single lift in the building and the others followed. 
“Look, when I left Safe Haven, I left my previous life behind and I joined the Freedom Army as a soldier,” Lola explained. “And for the first time in my life, I feel like I am actually doing something that feels right, this is my way,” Lola continued, interrupting the silence that had persisted for most of their journey on the lift. “I’m sorry that it upsets you both, but you need to realise that this is a war; one that we may not survive, especially if we refuse to act.” 
“Perhaps you’re right Lola, but action doesn’t necessarily mean violence,” Nathan said.
“I doubt conversation would have worked well in our favour,” Lola replied.
“I hate to say it, but she’s right Duke,” Hannah interjected. “If she didn’t act they would have raised the alarm and our mission would be compromised.”
“You too! I can’t believe you’ve turned so cold,” Nathan retorted. Hannah remained silent considering his words, had she really turned cold? She almost laughed at the irony of her current situation. She had been in this same place once before, only this time she was the one riding up the private lift, unannounced, heading towards a private office with criminal intent. She unconsciously let out a smile.
“Do you think it’s funny?” Nathan asked sounding irritated.
“No, I don’t,” Hannah replied both to him and the thoughts she entertained in her head.
“Hannah! Can you hear me?” Hank’s voice screamed down Hannah’s communicator, surrounded by the sounds of muffled explosions and cries of pain.
“I can hear you, what’s happening?” Hannah asked and linked the other two into the transmission.
“Things aren’t going too well, we managed to get into the Command Centre and I’m standing over the Control Console right now but it’s denying all access,” Hank informed. “We’ve barricaded ourselves in, and set up a rudimentary shield around the door and for now that’s holding. We’ve lost so many… but Beta Team’s doing its best to heal the wounded. How’s it going on your end?”
“We’re fine; Sophia and Rohan have gone to the Penitentiary, in the hope that Daniel may be alive and the rest of us are in Building 0,” Hannah summarised.
“Daniel’s alive?” Hank asked and Hannah looked to both Lola and Nathan before replying.
“We’re not sure, but Sophia believes that since his name isn’t on the register in the Mortuary, he could still be alive somewhere in Safe Haven. I did a search on his last known location, which was the Penitentiary and I gave Sophia the information she wanted. Rohan followed her even though he believed the register meant nothing,” Hannah explained.
“I see… Well either one of them could be right. His body, if discovered, would alert more Rebu to the practices within Safe Haven and in a sense make him a martyr, which as we know could be a danger to the Council. On the other hand, it takes a lot to kill a Rebu and Daniel, her brother, is among the best, so I can see why Sophia would decide to search for him. How close are you to your target?” Hank asked.
“We’re almost there, just one short stop away,” Hannah replied.
“That’s good to hear. I hope Lola hasn’t been giving you much trouble, she’s an excellent soldier but sometimes she’s a bit quick on the trigger...” Hank said.
“Just to be clear sir, I act only when action is necessary,” Lola Interrupted.
“Ah, but do you understand the concept of overkill?” Hank asked.
“Sir?” She queried.
“We spoke about this before, try to match your actions to the task, don’t overdo it,” Hank replied.
“Yes sir,” Lola replied.
“Don’t over-think this conversation either, you’re an excellent soldier and Hannah couldn’t be in better hands,” Hank continued. “I’ll do what I can with this console and I’ll keep you all updated.”
“Hang tight Hank, we’re almost there,” Hannah said.
“We will,” Hank replied and ended the transmission. There was a mixture of tension and nervousness in the silence that persisted for the remainder of the lift ride.
“We’re here,” Hannah announced and she walked out the open lift doors and the other two followed her. As soon as the trio stepped off, the lift the doors closed and it descended to the ground floor.
“Someone’s called the lift,” Lola said.
“We should have wedged the doors open. Do you think someone saw the bodies?” Nathan added.
“Perhaps, but the fact is that we’re here and we have work to do,” Hannah responded. “Lola can I trust you to keep an eye on the lift door?”
“You mean can you trust me to hold back on the trigger?” Lola retorted.
“We don’t have time for this… Just watch the lift,” Hannah replied sounding a little irritated. “Duke, you’ve got the Civics Console, see if you can find the access codes to the Sky Hub,” Hannah continued. “But be on alert, that console interfaces with all civic systems within Safe Haven; other consoles may see what you’re doing and one false move could be very bad for the city.”
“Don’t worry Hannah, I still remember how this city works,” Nathan replied and silently approached the holographic console beside the large office desk.
“Good. I’ll deal with Select,” Hannah stated simply and she walked to the large office desk and passed her hand over the computer sensor, activating the holographic interface.
Even as the horizontal bar rose to its position, Hannah used her implant to activate her Virtual Interaction interface. The V.I. was a simple program that typically came with holographic computers and cerebral implants, and it allowed the user to interface with holographic computers much more freely; especially when compared to the inbuilt Spatial Recognition interface. Her prowess with her implant came to light and Hannah swiftly wrote an intricate code to serve a specific purpose. It was a Trojan, designed to be downloaded by all versions of Select as a product update, but its true intention was to degrade the Select formula and replace its coding with the formula for a drug to remove Select from the user’s body. After a short while, Hannah completed the code and began the lengthy task of uploading the data across all Safe Haven networks simultaneously.
“How’s it going Duke?” Hannah asked.
“The code is here, I can see the file, but I can’t access it and I’ve tried numerous system bypasses, but nothing seems to work…” Nathan said as he frantically waved his hand and continued interfacing with the console.
“I should have expected that…” Hannah replied. 
“Upload will be completed in approximately ten minutes,” Hannah’s implant informed her senses.
“Heads up, we just ran out of time,” Lola announced as she deliberately retrieved both sonic blades and the dull hum of the blades filled the room. Hannah reluctantly retrieved her sidearm and held it steadily pointed at the lift doors.
*****
Chapter 10
“Rohan, it says on this console that Class A criminals are kept in the Maximum Security section, its the level below… If Daniel is here then I am certain that they’d hold him there,” Sophia said as she disengaged from the security console.
“Sounds like your mind is made up,” Rohan grunted.
“It is,” Sophia said. “Quickly, let’s go this way,” she added and promptly hurried down the path towards an access lift.
“Wait,” Rohan said as he hurried to catch up to Sophia. “Maximum Security doesn’t sound like a cake walk, besides how do you know we’ve stolen the right access cards for that level?” Rohan said and Sophia silently passed her access card over the scanner and the lift doors opened. “Guardian codes recognised, full access granted,” confirmed an electronic voice.
“OK, so we’ve got access, but we need a plan of action,” Rohan said voicing his concerns about Sophia’s safety
“We’ll take this lift to the Maximum Security section and tear the place apart until we find my brother,” Sophia said with conviction in her tone.
“And what if Daniel isn’t there? What if we encounter heavy resistance?” 
“I didn’t expect this from you; don’t tell me you’re afraid? Or do you have a better plan?”
 “How about you stay here and I go down and search for Daniel.” 
“Don’t be silly Rohan, you’re an excellent soldier but you’ll need all the help you can get; besides, it’s my brother.” 
“And you are my love… I don’t want you to be in harm’s way…”
“I understand and I love you too, but understand that Daniel is the only blood I have left… and it’s like I can feel him calling to me, to help him…” 
“Calling you… Why didn’t you say this before?” 
“Why? So you all could restrain me at Fort Freedom because you think I’m crazy,” Sophia replied. “No Rohan, my place is here and I need you to understand…”
“OK,” Rohan said after a brief pause. “But when the fighting starts find cover and stay there, please; I’m a soldier, so let me do my job,” Rohan added and Sophia gazed into his deep eyes.
“Lead the way.”
“Thank you,” Rohan said as he entered the lift with Sophia and descended to the Lower Level of the Penitentiary.
As the lift descended the couple remained silent, and while Sophia battled her anxiety, Rohan switched his visual range, in order to gain more information about what waited for them at the lower level.
“We’re close and I can see many bodies below, they seem to be wearing advanced body armour and by their stances, I’m guessing that they are armed,” Rohan informed Sophia. “I need you to levitate to the top of the lift and remain there until the area is clear.”
“What’s your plan?” Sophia asked as she began ascending.
“The moment these doors open, I will begin a full attack and hopefully I can cause enough commotion to draw their attention away from the lift. Once they’re gone, leave the lift and find your brother; you’d need to figure out a way to keep this door open, so that they can’t send in reinforcements this way,” Rohan responded as the lift began to slow down. He gripped his side arm in one hand and a sonic blade in the other and he felt his suit respond to the rush of adrenaline and he knew that its defence systems were coming online.
“Get ready…” Rohan said quietly to Sophia and as the doors opened Rohan swiftly emerged, and quickly removed the heads to two Guardians standing beside the lift. Pausing for less than a moment, he launched himself at an incoming squad as they readied their rifles, and in a heartbeat he slashed a wild arc, dismembering those that stood in his way. From the corner of his vision he saw a Guardian take aim at him and he flung his sonic blade with all the force he could muster. The blade flew true and buried itself in its victim; the rapidly vibrating and searing blade minced and cooked his flesh. Without paying further attention to his fallen foe, Rohan activated his personal shield, secured his side arm and retrieved his rifle, as he sprinted to cover away from the lift. Shortly after, the area became a battle zone; the Guardians now aware of an intruder opened fire, singeing the boxes Rohan hid behind. 
Rohan returned fire, careful not to let any rounds stray toward the lift, which had remained open. Suddenly, the lighting changed to a bright red and a security alarm rang out. Rohan ducked under cover and proceeded away from the lift, hoping that the enemy would follow, and they did. A pulse round impacted his personal shield and he instinctively dropped to cover and hoped that his actions would be enough to keep Sophia safe, while returning fire to keep his opponents engaged.
*****
Sophia watched with her electronically overlaid vision, from the relative safety of the lift ceiling. She saw as her betrothed attacked with a level of skill worthy of his rank, and her heart glowed because she knew that just as with joining the Freedom Army, he also did this for her sake. She waited until the sound of fighting grew distant, and when she saw that the Guardians had foolishly left the lift unguarded, she descended. Without a second thought to the dismembered Guardians littering the area, she levitated and flew down the hallway in front of her, searching for her brother’s energy signature. Although she was surprised when the alarm stopped, she continued searching for her brother; she had faith that Rohan would survive. About fifteen minutes had passed, but they felt like hours and Sophia suddenly identified a Rebu lifesign approaching her; she let out a sigh when she identified it as Rohan. 
“What happened?” Sophia asked and slowed down as she approached Rohan, who looked a little worse for wear.
“My personal shield matrix got damaged after I lured those Guardians away from the lift, so I decided on a full on frontal attack; all or nothing and I survived,” Rohan explained as he levitated to join Sophia. “I hid the bodies and used one of their communicators to call off the alarm, but we don’t have long until someone notices their absence.”
“Thanks Rohan,” Sophia said, holding his gaze with hers. “Help me find Daniel,” Sophia said as she turned away and resumed her search, and Rohan assisted.
*****
“Stop right there,” Lola commanded, holding a sonic blade near the neck of the newcomer, as he exited the lift.
“Mayor John Grayson,” Hannah identified. “Why are you here?”
“I could say the same for you. This is my office after all…” John replied. “And I see you brought two other former citizens with you,” John added trying to sound nonchalant.
“You know who we are?” Nathan asked.
“Of course I do, I am Mayor of P1, aren’t I?” John replied. “Listen to me Hannah, I know why you’re here and I can help,” John continued. “Provided of course you call off your bodyguard.”
“I’m not her bodyguard,” Lola responded flatly, while holding the blade firmly in its place.
“I see… Well, are you willing to hear me out before you kill me?” John asked.
“No…” Lola responded.
“Yes,” Hannah interjected. “Let’s hear what he has to say,” Hannah added and after a prolonged pause Lola withdrew her blade.
“I don’t trust him,” Lola said.
“What happened to her, her file classified her personality as jovial; for that matter what happened to you?” John asked as he made to walk to his desk.
“Stop right there,” Hannah commanded, keeping her weapon trained on him. “You kicked me out, remember? Duke, sit at his desk, watch his computer and make sure we aren’t been observed in here,” Hannah added, silently wishing that she had done that earlier. “In case you’re confused, I’m the one asking the questions here,” Hannah said to John. “What do you know?”
“Direct as usual, at least that much hasn’t changed,” John replied with a smile. “You are here for the same reason that I am, Atlas. This all powerful AI doesn’t have Safe Haven’s best interests in mind and I intend to put a stop to it.”
“And how do you plan on doing that?” Lola asked.
“Unlike you, I have unrestricted access to the Sky Hub,” John replied, waving a key-card in his hand.
“What about Select?” Hannah asked.
“I am sure that you have already taken steps to resolve that problem,” John replied.
“You’re right, I have,” Hannah responded as she lowered her sidearm.
“Why do you look so surprised Lola? Did you think that as Mayor I would sit back and watch Safe Haven destroy itself? This is my home too and they are my people,” John said to Lola, who responded with silence.
“He has the code we need,” Hannah said.
“It doesn’t mean he has to come with us,” Lola responded.
“True, but what if we encounter another access point, or something else that requires high level codes?” Nathan said.
“Alright then John, it looks like I have no other choice but to trust you,” Hannah said. “Let’s go, you lead the way.”
“I thought you’d never ask,” John replied and started to approach the security door in the office, which hid the lift that led to the Sky Hub.
“Duke, I need you to stay here,” Hannah said to Nathan as he began to rise from John’s desk. “Keep an eye on his computer and make sure no one else is able to access this floor, we don’t want any more surprises,” Nathan nodded, resuming his position.
“Let’s go ladies,” John said impatiently from inside the lift, at the other side of the security door, Lola and Hannah joined him and the lift doors closed. “Oh, by the way Atlas’s Sky Hub has some sort of field that sometimes causes problems with electronic devices,” John added as the lift began its long ascent.
*****
Sophia approached the end of the hallway, her hope sapped by the so far unfruitful search for her brother. Still, alongside Rohan, she continued the search until she approached a completely shielded cell. She slowed her approach and landed lightly on the floor and Rohan followed as she switched visual ranges in an attempt to look into the cell.
“I can’t see into that cell,” Rohan said.
“Neither can I,” Sophia said as she considered the heavy door in front of her. She placed an open palm on its surface and closed her eyes, willing her senses to see beyond the walls, but still she saw nothing.
“Is it empty?” Rohan asked
“I don’t think so, we’ve passed a few empty ones and they looked very different,” Sophia replied. “Can you do anything about this door?”
“Yes, but it won’t be quiet, are you sure this is the right one?”
“I don’t know, but why else would it be shielded?”
“Stand back,” Rohan said simply and he lifted his assault rifle, took aim and squeezed the trigger, but nothing happened. Rohan looked to Sophia before dropping the rifle and then he took a few steps back. He raised his arms and his suit's on-board weapons system activated and a pulse gun opened up from his wrists. He took aim and fired repeated shots, and the sound of the impact reverberated throughout the hall, until the door crumbled to the ground. Within the next second the security alarm came back online. 
“Go, I’ll stand guard out here,” Rohan said and Sophia didn’t wait for a second invitation.
As she crossed the crumbled door, she saw a silhouetted figure standing in front of her, and then the figure came into the light. Sophia gasped and tears poured freely down her cheeks:
“Dan, I’ve found you,” Sophia whispered before pulling her brother into a tight hug.
“Thank you for coming for me,” Daniel whispered, returning Sophia’s hug.
Chapter 11
After calling for Sophia and getting no reply, Rohan entered the cell and found her hugging her brother.
“Glad to see you alive and well Councillor,” Rohan said with a smile and Daniel smiled back, gently pulling away from Sophia’s embrace.
“I see my sister still has you on a tight leash,” Daniel jested.
“I guess wilfulness runs in the family,” Rohan replied, while chancing a glance outside the cell.
“We don’t have a lot of time, we need to get going,” Daniel said. “Which way did you come in?”
“Through the Mortuary,” Rohan replied.
“Then we have to go another way, but first let’s get out of this section,” Daniel said and Rohan grabbed him, levitated and flew down the corridor. Sophia followed closely and they continued their fast pace towards the nearest lift.
Luck was on their side and they managed to escape the section without further incident, and they proceeded to ride the lift back up to the main Penitentiary level.
“How did you end up here? We thought you were dead...” Sophia asked.
“I was captured and they changed my appearance, I escaped but then I found Annabelle and I wasn’t going to leave her in this illusion, even if she thought that she was Dr. Hannah LeBeaux,” Daniel explained. “I managed to convince her to leave Safe Haven and I ensured her escape. After she escaped I lost consciousness and found myself in a regeneration tank. It would seem that the Council decided to bury me in the cell that you found me in, rather than make me a martyr,” Daniel continued. “A few more days there and I would have been subjected to highly invasive mind control, I’m glad you two found me… But how did you know I was here?” Daniel asked and Sophia recounted the events that led them to this point.
“So she really is Anna…” Daniel said.
“Yes, the bioscans confirm it, but it seems that she still believes that she is Dr. Hannah LeBeaux,” Sophia responded. “I synthesised a catalyst that would cancel out the effect of her mental conditioning, the rest is up to her…” 
“Don’t worry Dan; I’m sure that in time, she will return to the Annabelle that you remember,” Rohan said.
“You gave her ReOx?” Daniel asked with a very worried expression.
“I had no choice… I know it’s dangerous and experimental, but we need Annabelle if we have any chance of winning this war, both here and back home,” Sophia said. “I am sure she can handle it…”
“I hope you’re right Sophia. I’d hate to lose Anna once again,” Daniel replied. “Do you have her current location?”
“Yes, she’s in Building 0,” Rohan answered.
“OK, let’s make our way to the Sentinel Base exit, if all the Sentinels have been called away then we’ll face minimal resistance there,” Daniel said. 
“But how do we get there?” Sophia asked.
“We have everything we need right here, you two pretend that I am the cause of the commotion downstairs and that you have captured me, and if they ask why you’re going to the Sentinel exit, tell them that you’ve been ordered to bring the prisoner there. Activate your sensory visor, so that they can’t see your faces and let’s just hope your Guardian uniforms come with a dose of good luck,” Daniel replied.
They assumed their positions the moment they exited the lift, and as Daniel predicted they were stopped and questioned; Rohan and Sophia played their parts, hiding behind the darkened visor of the Guardian helmet.
“There’s a lot of light here, why do you still have your visors activated?” asked a Guardian.
“We needed it to capture the prisoner, but in the battle the system got damaged,” Sophia responded, keeping her voice levelled.
“I see… Be sure to report to the Operations Desk once you’ve completed the prisoner transfer,” said the Guardian and the trio continued along their way out the Penitentiary and into the Sentinel Base.
The base was unguarded and empty, and it seemed that three additional Sentinels had just been dispatched. There was a main console, which had a red symbol on it, and beyond the glass screen in front were enhancement capsules; twelve of them were activated.
“They’re making more Sentinels,” Daniel announced.
“We can’t let that happen,” Sophia said.
“I’m already on it,” Daniel said as he entered the shutdown command, halting further Sentinel production. “Done,” Daniel said, turning away from the screen and he took in his surroundings. He walked to some hanging suits contained within individual capsules.
“Something tells me you have a plan,” Sophia said and Daniel grinned mischievously.
“These are Heavy Armour Sentinel suits, there are being recharged for the Sentinels that were being enhanced in those capsules,” Daniel explained. “These two suits are fully charged,” Daniel added as he entered the commands to unlock both capsules.
“How do you know all this?” Rohan asked.
“Let’s just say I spent a lot of my time studying Safe Haven,” Daniel replied. “Get dressed Rohan, we have an appointment that we must meet,” Daniel added as he started getting dressed in the Sentinel armour.
“What about me?” Sophia asked.
“Wait here for us until we get back with Anna and the others,” Daniel said.
“Like hell I am. I just found you Dan, you’re not getting rid of me that easily,” Sophia said.
“I thought you might say that,” Daniel replied with a smile. “OK, you can come with us, here’s the plan,” Daniel conceded. “Those three Sentinels weren’t dispatched to the Mother Ship, so here’s what we’re going to do…” Daniel continued, explaining his plan while getting dressed.
“Rohan, it’s Hank, is Hannah OK? I’ve been trying to reach her…” Hank said over their secure communicator, shortly after Rohan and Daniel got dressed.
“Don’t worry Commander we’re on our way to her now,” Rohan replied. “I thought you’d like to know that we found Dan.”
“That’s excellent news!” Hank exclaimed. “Convey my best wishes to him. We’re doing OK here, we’re still holed up in the Command Centre, but they haven’t been able to break the shields around the door. Rohan, the situation has changed; the ship is lifting off the ground as we speak, we believe that it’ll attempt to reach orbit.”
“Sir, I know that I don’t need to stress this, but we’re going to need that ship,” Rohan said.
“You’re right, you don’t,” Hank replied. “We’re doing everything that we can, but without access to the main console, there’s very little that we can do,” Hank added. “If we end up stranded here, you’ll need to retrieve the shuttles in Fort Freedom and launch a rescue. We simply can’t afford to give up our position here.”
“I understand Commander,” Rohan replied. “We’re about to leave for Building 0 now, so it shouldn’t be too long until we can assist you sir.”
“Right then, I’ll leave you to it soldier,” Hank said, promptly ending the communication.
“You ready to go?” Rohan asked Daniel and Sophia, and they both nodded. Without any further delay the two Sentinels rose out the building, holding Sophia as their captive, and they raced towards Building 0.
*****
Hannah and Lola followed John out the lift into a room filled with buzzing electronics, holographic interfaces and flashing lights. Everything was pristinely organised and the large windows offered an outstanding, panoramic view of the whole city of Safe Haven; and there was a view of the holographic clear sky above.
“Welcome to Atlas’s Sky Hub,” John said as he promptly started walking towards a console and Hannah followed, while Lola cautiously surveyed the room.
"Greetings Mayor," Atlas welcomed. "How may I assist you today?" Atlas asked and John ignored the question.
“Hannah?” A disembodied voice called and Hannah turned to the screen beside her to see a video image of Nathan in John’s Office. “I figured I’d get this interface working, so that I could see what was going on there,” Nathan added.
“We just got here Duke; John was just about to enter the codes to give us access to the consoles, weren’t you?” Hannah replied.
“Of course,” John said and promptly entered the codes.
"Access granted," Atlas informed and Hannah immediately started searching the database for the file she needed.
“By the way, you were pretty quick to run out the other night, and you never called,” John said and Nathan’s facial expression changed.
“What, you didn’t tell him?” John said after watching both Hannah and Nathan. “My, my. Don’t look so surprised, it couldn’t be helped, you were gone Nathan and she has needs…” John said with a smirk.
“Shut up!” Hannah said.
“My mistake; he is surprised because my Guardians are at this very moment apprehending him,” John said in a very serious tone, and Guardians could now be seen on the video feed, with weapons pointed at Nathan. Hannah snapped her sidearm and pointed the barrel firmly at John.
“Release him,” Hannah said menacingly.
“I knew we shouldn’t have trusted you,” Lola said and she unsheathed her sonic blades.
“It’s OK, we’ve got what we needed from him…” Hannah said.
“And so have I,” John interrupted and then three Heavy Armour Sentinels smashed through the windows. Hannah felt panic rise to the surface inside her, she chanced a glance at Lola’s determined glare and Hannah hardened her resolve.
A holographic image came to life and Hannah realised that for the first time she was looking at a virtual construct of Atlas, and he looked like a Rebu, but his image seemed to twitch and she also caught the impression of a Human face, for a brief moment.
“Hannah, I don’t know if you’re receiving this but the Mother Ship is on its way to Safe Haven, I repeat Mother Ship enroute to Safe Haven. I’ve already told Rohan and they are on their way to you. I hope you’re OK, Hank out,” Hank broadcasted over their secure communication network.
“My men have already begun writing an antivirus for your little software upload, and like Atlas, the Rebu Mother Ship is under my control; yes I know about the Rebu. Put down your weapons and live, it's pointless to resist,” John said.
“Bastard,” Lola said but she didn’t drop her blades.
“But how? Why?” Hannah asked as she tried to stall for time, while her implant continued the search for the shutdown file on Atlas’s database. If she could shutdown Atlas then the balance would shift in her favour.
“I have lived among Humans for many miserable decades, always the Mayor of Perimeter 1 but with a different face. I was forced to wear this feeble skin and bear the stench of this Human filth, simply because the Council covertly declared me Safe Haven’s warden. Apparently, Atlas was designed to protect against manipulations to its coding, it is self-aware and sees such manipulations as a threat to its existence, not to mention the actions that it’s forced to commit on its humans. It’s my job to make sure that it continues to serve the Council’s interests,” John said. “But that was before the Council sent me Annabelle of Maxim, contained within the shell that we have all come to know as Dr. Hannah LeBeaux. Even trapped, your prodigious ability bled through and you created for me my redemption; Select turns a job that would have taken decades, into something that could be completed in a matter of years. So, ex-Councillor Annabelle, you have my thanks,” John added as two more Sentinels entered the Sky Hub.
“Don’t call me that,” Hannah said. 
“So you’re a Rebu and you plan on sucking the life out of us?” Lola asked.
“Such a great talent for stating the obvious, but what other purpose could such a lesser life-form possess?” John replied and turned to the Sentinels. “I see that you captured a prisoner,” John said pointing to unconscious female Rebu that one of the Sentinels carried.
“She must have been the one who halted production at the Sentinel Base, no matter, I’ll deal with that issue shortly,” John said. “And then I’ll shed this wretched form, but oh, you won’t be around to see that...” John added with a menacing smile. 
“Kill them,” John ordered as he walked away towards the large windows.
“Coward!” Lola raged and in that moment Daniel and Rohan, who were disguised as Sentinels, sprang into action and engaged the other Sentinels.
“Protect Hannah!” Daniel screamed at Lola, just as she was about to join the fight. 
“Damn resistance, to hell with it,” John muttered. “Take me to the Sentinel Base,” John added, and a Sentinel promptly broke from the skirmish and flew the Mayor out the window, away from the Sky Hub. 
“You need to get them out of here!” Sophia screamed, while ducking from cover to cover trying not to get hit by stray fire, as she made her way toward Hannah. The pristine hub had turned chaotic and surges of electricity sparked from ruptured circuits.
“Leave it to me,” Lola said and promptly charged into the fight, expertly wielding her sonic blades to deflect the searing hot rounds. She had identified her target as being neither Rohan nor Daniel, it fought like neither of them. And with that conviction, her suits offensive systems came online; her speed increased and she felt more energy course through her. Swift as a breeze, she exploited an opening and found herself facing the Sentinel target, and in the next instance she slashed at it with her blade. As she expected the Sentinel stepped back to avoid the deadly blow, so she launched herself and kicked it backwards, edging it closer towards the window. Suddenly, she felt a hard blow break through her personal defence shield and it grazed her head. As Lola fell, losing consciousness, Daniel brushed past her and caught the Sentinel beside the window in the abdomen, and he carried it out the window. Hannah was frantic, shifting her focus between the battle and her database search, safely protected behind cover with Sophia beside her. There was a loud explosion and Hannah peered up to see Rohan holding an extended arm, with visible electrical surges coursing around it. He clenched his fists and the surges disappeared:
“I have to go,” Rohan said simply to Sophia, as he ran towards the windows and launched himself into the air towards Daniel. Sophia looked to Hannah and saw the fear that she felt in Hannah’s eyes. 
“I’d better check on Lola,” Sophia said and she placed her arm lightly on Hannah’s shoulder, before walking off to Lola’s unconscious form.
“I’ll… check on Duke,” Hannah said wrenching her mind from its astounded state.
“Duke, are you there?” Hannah said via her communicator.
“Hannah! Thank goodness… I thought you were dead…” Nathan started. “So I… I just… I… “ Nathan stuttered.
 “Hang on Nathan, I’m activating a visual feed,” Hannah said as the visual display came online. “My God…” Hannah said shocked by the images that she was seeing. There was blood everywhere and the bodies of the Guardians lay unmoving around the office, the marble ornamental model of Safe Haven sat at its post on the desk, with bloodstains all over it. 
Nathan sat at John’s desk with his head low and his undertaker uniform stained in blood; his hand rested on the desk, tightly gripping his sidearm.
“I just snapped… I don’t know what came over me, all these people…” Nathan said.
“I knew he shouldn’t have been receiving military training, but he insisted, saying he would rather do the same thing everyone else did… ” Sophia said as she interrupted her scans on Lola to watch the live feed of John’s Office.
“Duke, it’s going to be OK. We’re alive but Daniel is still fighting and so is Rohan, Lola is unconscious and Sophia is tending to her, she’ll be with you once she’s done. I know you’re hurting right now but… “ Hannah said.
“Hannah can you hear me?” Hank’s voice interrupted.
“Hank, it’s John Grayson, the Mayor, he’s the one controlling everything. He’s a Rebu and has control of the Mother Ship and Safe Haven. He’s on his way to the Sentinel Base now and I’m guessing he wants to make more of them, so you have to destroy that ship or get off it somehow,” Hannah blurted.
“I’m sorry we can’t do that… We need this ship to return home and force the Council to reverse its position on Earth, otherwise all of this will be for nothing,” Hank replied.
“Then take control of it,” Hannah replied.
“Easier said...” Hank said. “If John Grayson is who he says he is, then he is the Captain of this ship and it seems that only those who command this ship can access its main console, let alone enter any useful codes,” Hank added. “Were you able to shut down Atlas? That should slow down Sentinel production...”
“I’ve just started running the program,” Hannah replied.
“How long?” Hank asked.
“Hard to say, a lot of Atlas’s hardware up here has been damaged. I’d say anything between fifteen and thirty minutes,” Hannah replied. “And before you ask, no we can’t blow it up because that would trigger a fail safe sequence, trapping everyone in Safe Haven and since the Mayor, the only one who can fix it, obviously has no interests in fixing it, we’re screwed; who knows how long it will take to rebuild Atlas’s systems.”
“OK, let your program run. What about the others?” Hank asked.
“Lola is pretty banged up, but Sophia is taking care of her and Nathan is sitting in a room of half a dozen Guardians that he just killed…” Hannah said.
“Damn, that’s rough, but this is a war and we have lost people on both sides…” Hank interrupted.
“You’re right, but I can’t help wondering if it’s worth it,” Hannah said.
“Don’t start questioning your convictions now, you’re in too deep and there are many more people who are alive that are depending on us. Where’s Rohan?” Hank said.
“He went after Daniel; by the way, can you believe it, he’s alive!” Hannah said.
“Yes, I heard. Rohan told me earlier, when I was having trouble reaching you on your communicator,” Hank replied.
“I can’t believe he survived… I saw that thing sticking out of his chest,” Hannah said.
“Rebu have two hearts, we can survive with one, but not for very long without medical treatment. It’s like I said before, we Rebu are hard to kill…” Hank said.
“Indeed we are…” Hannah’s implant said to her, taking her a little by surprise.
“Anyway, when you’re done there, do whatever you can to capture John, we must gain full access to this ship,” Hank said ending the transmission. Hannah felt odd, there was no pain in her head and the once persistent pounding had now disappeared, but she felt like she was only an observer within her body. Suddenly, she felt her body spasm…
“I’ve found you…” Her implant said. “Treatment complete, mental bonds reinitialising… Reversion activated…” Hannah's implant continued in voice that sounded eerily like Hannah’s and then Hannah lost consciousness but her body remained standing.
“I can’t believe she rushed in like that…” Sophia said while stabilising Lola’s vital signs. “She’s truly a brave one… They all are.”
“We all are, we who fight the Rebu High Council and all its power and influence,” Hannah’s mouth spoke with a smile and a voice that wasn’t hers. Sophia lifted her head from what she was doing and looked towards Hannah.
“Are you OK Hannah?” She asked.
“Especially you Sophia, you gave up the name and honour of Traxis for my cause,” added the strange voice.
“Annabelle…” Sophia asked and then Hannah’s suit began to surge bright blue energy currents and the false skin that once covered Hannah’s body shed, and it fell to the floor, revealing the grey alien skin beneath. Sophia rushed to her side already conducting a bioscan on Annabelle, but as she approached the strange phenomenon subsided.
“Annabelle, is it you?” Sophia asked.
“Sophia… It has been too long,” Annabelle said.
“I can’t believe it worked!” Sophia exclaimed as she wrapped her arms around Annabelle. “What do you remember?”
“My memories are strange… People called me Hannah… No that was someone else wasn’t it?” Annabelle said.
“I’m not sure but yes, I think that it was,” Sophia replied.
“I’m having flashes… But I don’t understand,” Annabelle said and then started to rub her temple.
“Hannah… I was trapped inside Hannah… But then where is Hannah…” Annabelle thought out loud. Her expression hardened with determination and she flew out the window, racing towards the Sentinel Base, determined to get answers…
“She didn’t even let me finish my scans…” Sophia muttered to herself with a hopeful smile before deciding to see to Nathan, who was still sat in the same position.
*****
Chapter 12
Hannah awoke to find her body speeding through the air and she wondered how she got there, but her attention was distracted by approaching Guardians in GenGo AT-1s, very similar in design to the one Hannah once had... Ignoring Hannah, they sped past her, heading towards the Sky Hub and Hannah considered going back to help Duke and the others. The thought left her mind when she saw the approaching Rebu Mother Ship.
“Daniel, Rohan…” Hannah started to say via her communicator.
“We see it,” Daniel interrupted and Hannah saw their Sentinel forms race towards the Mother Ship, while she continued her approach to the Sentinel Base, with a nagging desire for answers… Suddenly, she saw a Sentinel fly out of the base on a course to intercept Daniel and Rohan.
“Watch your back,” Hannah said to Rohan and Daniel.
“Don’t worry about us, just take care of John,” Rohan replied, as Hannah descended down the exit chute, entering the Sentinel Base. Hannah immediately spotted John, who had his back to her on the other side of what appeared to be a glass window. His attention was focused on the console he was operating and he didn’t hear Hannah approach.
“Hold it right there,” Hannah commanded, holding her sidearm pointed at John.
“Ah… How nice of you join me Annabelle, or is it Hannah? It must be very confusing for you…” John said, without turning to face her.
“Step away from the console,” Hannah said.
“Why?” John asked. “Are you going to shoot me?”
“Don’t tempt me John,” Hannah said.
“Go ahead,” John replied and as he turned, the lights in the room changed colour, giving the room a red hue. Suddenly, the window between Hannah and John darkened, becoming more reflective and Hannah saw visible surges of some kind of field surround her. She passed her gaze around the room searching for a way out and then finally her eyes rested on the window that had now become a mirror, and she saw her new face.
“What is this?” Hannah said in disbelief, touching her face with her fingers. She looked just like a Rebu and then the feeling of separation began once again. Even though she strained to do so, she was unable to lift her hand and then she lost consciousness.
“You fool!” Hannah’s mouth screamed in a voice that wasn’t hers.
“Ah, Annabelle, thank goodness. I was getting bored talking to that impressionable A.I.,” John said.
“A.I…” Annabelle said.
“Don’t you recognise it? It’s your creation after all,” John said.
“What are you talking about?” Annabelle asked.
“My, my, isn’t this a joy! You really don’t remember the beginning of your torment?” John said, while returning the glass window to normal.
“You planned this…” Annabelle said.
“Well, not so much planned, but hopefully expected,” John said.
“Answer me, how did I get to Safe Haven?” Annabelle asked. 
“Curious you didn’t ask about Hannah, the personality that has contained you all these years,” John said. “I see from your expression that you don’t remember, allow me to enlighten you during your final moments. Hannah is an A.I. that you completed shortly before our arrival on Earth, but what you hid from the Council was that you were designing her to improve and become self-aware, which of course you knew they wouldn't approve of... When you defied the Council and you were arrested, it was decided that your actions deserved the most severe punishment; you were after all accused of treason. So it was decided that your mind would be digitised and locked, since they didn’t think that the mind control would be sufficient. All that you were remained within your physical form, but your identity was hidden within your implant,” John continued. “The A.I. called Hannah, was downloaded to your implant, which of course networked with your brain. The Council gave her a history and full recollection of past experiences that were made up based on your own personality profile, so that the transition would be simpler; and she became the driver of your body and warden of your identity. The manipulation of outward aesthetics were much simpler and that was also done to me, so that I could move freely within the population. It’s ironic isn’t it? That the Council that you had fought so hard to protect in the past, were the same ones who sentenced you to such a fate…” John finished just as a new Sentinel fully armed made its way out the chute. Annabelle was in shock, she couldn’t believe the Council would do something like that her, and she felt compassion for Hannah. 
She heard Hannah’s voice in her head screaming as she too heard the truth about her existence and it brought more sadness to Annabelle, she despaired; and unconsciously she relinquished control of her body to Hannah.
Suddenly the ceiling collapsed and two Sentinels came crashing through; one Sentinel knocked the other and a sharp metal object descended on Hannah, who was transfixed and in a state of shock. With no further warning the sharp point of the object pierced the left side of Hannah’s chest and she felt it tear open her heart. She gasped disbelieving and she was afraid, she didn’t want to die but yet she felt the grip of death surround her. She was unable to move and she felt like she was going into a deep sleep:
“So this is what death feels like…” Hannah thought as she saw flash before her eyes all the memories of a past, which she now knew to be false and with that she gave her last breath. 
Annabelle quickly regained control of her body and took a deep gulp of air, stabilizing her breathing before removing the object that had pierced her left heart. She knew that she didn’t have a lot of time before the ruptured heart started causing problems to her second heart. She looked up to see that the containment shield, which had trapped her was now reversed; it now kept John Grayson contained and he was frantically working the controls on his console.
“You don’t like being trapped do you?” Annabelle said to John, while looking around to see a dead Sentinel beside her and the Sentinel Armour capsules beyond it. 
“Now I remember everything Bloody General and as you’re busy, I’ll be taking back my ship,” Annabelle said, while walking to a capsule and retrieving the Armour contained within.
“I’m glad that you finally recognise me, so, let’s put this bad business behind us; we are both Rebu after all,” John said.
“No,” Annabelle said. “I think I’ll leave you to whatever fate the Humans decide,” Annabelle added as she secured the Sentinel helmet over her head.
“No! Don’t leave me here!” John screamed but Annabelle ignored him and prepared to exit the chute. “You think you’ve won?! If I am going to die here, then so will you!”
“You need to get out of there, the Mother Ship is about to open fire!” Hank screamed out through Annabelle’s communicator.
“I’ll get her, just try to stop that cannon from firing,” Daniel said.
“I’m already on it,” Rohan said and Annabelle promptly exited the chute, while John continued raging behind her. Annabelle watched in horror as the deep red light beneath the Mother Ship grew, signalling the rising power in its cannon. She watched as Rohan flew directly in front of it and fully activated a concave, reflecting shield, just as the cannon opened fire.
“Rohan!” Annabelle screamed. Rohan’s body arched in silent pain and even though his shield deflected the cannon, he felt a good portion of the tremendous power of the cannon. As the laser beam from the cannon dispersed, Rohan slowly descended to the ground, his suit badly damaged, with parts of it missing.
“Rohan!” Annabelle heard Sophia scream before seeing her whisk past her, towards Rohan’s falling form. Suddenly, Daniel opened fire and Annabelle was forced to take evasive measures.
“Hold your fire! It’s me, Annabelle,” Annabelle broadcasted to all communicators. “Hank, keep control of the Command Centre, it’s time for me to end this,” Annabelle added without waiting for a reply as she descended back into the Sentinel Base. However, as she entered the base, she saw that Nathan was already there with Lola, holding a smoking side arm pointed at John, who was no longer shielded. Before Annabelle could utter another word, Lola charged at John and split him down the middle with her sonic blade.
“Duke…” Annabelle heard her implant say within her mind.
“Hannah is that you?” Annabelle asked.
“Yes… But I thought… I thought that I was dead,” Hannah said to Annabelle’s senses.
“I see… It would seem your identity remained preserved inside the implant,” Annabelle said.
“Please, let me speak to Duke,” Hannah asked and Annabelle allowed her to do so.
“Duke,” Hannah said while removing the Sentinel helmet covering her head. “It’s me Hannah… I…” Hannah started to say.
“Hannah what happened to you?” Nathan asked as he approached her Rebu appearance.
“I’ll go help Dan,” Lola said, leaving the Base.
“I guess everyone was right, this is Annabelle’s body and I am merely a code contained in her implant,” Hannah said. “Everything that I thought that I experienced was false.”
“No Hannah, I disagree,” Nathan said. “When I killed all those Guardians, I thought that I had been deceiving myself by choosing never to use violence again, but I know now that all of it has been part of my experience, even those that I murdered; no matter the righteousness of my cause,” Nathan continued as he rested a palm on her tall Sentinel armour. “Your experience with me wasn’t false and neither were the ten years after that, and certainly not the actions that led us to this point. Even if the experience of having false memories is in itself part of your experience, which ultimately led to you bringing salvation to Safe Haven. A.I. or not it was you Hannah that I fell in love with, your identity, your personality, the person that you are…” Nathan said.
“Duke… Thank you…” Hannah said. 
“Now you, Annabelle and the others have got to take care of that Mother Ship, and I’ll take care of the citizens of Safe Haven,” Nathan said.
“We will,” Hannah replied. “I had brought you here to help the citizens adapt to their new world, but it seems you’ve already taken the job for yourself. No matter what happens, I will always love you Duke,” Hannah said as she relinquished control of the body to Annabelle.
“I would never have thought it possible, but she really does love you,” Annabelle said to Nathan. “I can feel her, her thoughts and emotions within my implant.”
“I know that she does…” Nathan said.
“Annabelle, Atlas’s shutdown will be complete in two minutes...” Hannah spoke to Annabelle within her mind.
“Nathan, you have two minutes until Atlas shuts down,” Annabelle said. “Hannah wants me to tell you that Select will be completely eradicated in eight hours, until then it is up to you to get the people together and keep them safe. You’re going to have to get the Guardians on your side, you’ll have Lola and whatever is left at Fort Freedom to help you.”
“Where are you going?” Nathan asked.
“Taking my people back home,” Annabelle said as she dropped her Sentinel helmet and ascended via the chute.
She slowly approached Daniel, Lola and Sophia, who were standing around Rohan.
“Annabelle…” Rohan said in a weak voice. “I’m glad to see that you’re alive.”
“I am honoured to have fought beside such a great soldier; we will never forget you Rohan,” Annabelle said.
“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” Rohan replied with a weak smile.
“If you knew you were going to die then why did you go!?” Sophia sobbed.
“My love… I couldn’t bear the thought of more innocent deaths staining the hands of the Rebu,” Rohan said.
“It’s my fault you joined the Freedom Army, you wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for me…” Sophia said.
“Don’t blame yourself, I didn’t do this just for you or for myself, but for our race…” Rohan started before coughing up blood. “How many other races have we done this to… The Rebu can no longer continue down this path, it will only lead to our downfall…” Rohan added between breaths before coughing up more blood. Annabelle rose to her feet and called the others away, giving Sophia and Rohan some space.
“Please Rohan hold on, I can still save you,” Sophia urged and Rohan smiled.
“As always, never giving up, all the way to the very end…” Rohan said trying to catch his breath, while blood oozed out of his lungs. “It is time for me, Sophia, I… Love… You…” Rohan said and the last word trailed off with his final breath.
“No! Rohan!!” Sophia screamed and Annabelle moved her gaze to the Mother Ship, which now hovered silently over Safe Haven.
“It was about to fire its cannon again, but then it stopped, I’m not sure what’s going on in there,” Daniel said when he saw Annabelle’s gaze.
“The Bloody General had a neural interface with the main console via his implant and now that he’s dead his hold on the ship is gone; and now I can use my interface to retake control of my ship,” Annabelle said. “Lola, leave the rest of it to us. Dan, can you carry Rohan?” Annabelle added and Lola nodded in response.
“Yes I can, but what do you mean your ship?” Daniel asked.
“The Orion is how I got here; although, back then I thought I was coming to Earth for a completely different reason,” Annabelle replied, while proceeding slowly towards Sophia. “Let’s go.”
“Where?” Sophia asked.
“Home,” Annabelle replied. “The only problem remaining is the team of Sentinels left on the ship, on Orion.”
“I think I can help with that,” Hannah voice spoke in Annabelle’s mind. “I have been able to network with them now that Atlas’s control is fading and I think that they will now respond to your orders.” 
“Is that so? Order them to stand down,” Annabelle said to Hannah.
“Done.”
“How can you do this?” Annabelle asked.
“I didn’t know it then but while I was interfaced with Atlas, my sub-routines were copying key programs in his database,” Hannah said and Annabelle smiled.
“How many are left?” Annabelle asked Hannah.
“Seven, but only four are fully functional.” 
“That will do,” Annabelle replied to Hannah. “Dan, Sophia start making your way to the Orion,” Annabelle said. “Can you get me ship wide communications?” Annabelle asked Hannah.
“Done.”
“Defenders!” Annabelle said and her voice was transmitted throughout the Mother Ship. “I am Annabelle Maxim, the Bloody General is dead and I have taken control of Safe Haven and its Sentinels; surrender and join me,” Annabelle said as she flew into the Mother Ship closely followed by Sophia and Daniel, who was carrying Rohan’s lifeless form.
“Captain Maxim, the Mother Ship Orion is at your command,” a defender welcomed Annabelle as her party entered the ship.
“Good, begin repairs and prepare to exit the atmosphere,” Annabelle ordered, while Sophia continued through the ship with Daniel, to lay Rohan’s body in a quiet room.
#####
Epilogue
Hank, Daniel and Annabelle stood around the main console in the Command Centre, while discussing their next course of action. After Annabelle took command of the ship she promptly accessed the main console, solidifying her neurological link between her and the Orion. The Mother Ship Orion was now completely in her control and its crew was a mix of its original defenders and those members of the Freedom Army that decided to return to the Home World.
“So, that makes you Head of Security, Hank,” Annabelle said. “And you Daniel, my First Officer,” she added with a smile.
“Right well, I’d better make sure my department is up to scratch. There’s no telling what kind of resistance we might face once we reach the Home World,” Hank said as he exited the Command Centre.
“Are you sure you won’t get bored of having me by your side?” Daniel joked.
“It would be a welcome break from being apart,” Annabelle replied, trying to curb the emotions she felt building up inside her. “Where’s Sophia?” 
“Oh, she’s at Medical, tending to the wounded,” Daniel replied.
“What about the Rebu that were imprisoned in the Penitentiary?” Annabelle asked.
“Some decided to remain on Earth, but most of them are now on-board.” Daniel replied.
“It's sad to think of all those deaths we have caused...” Annabelle said quietly.
“Annabelle, I’m sorry to interrupt but Atlas is completely disabled and Select should now be completely eradicated,” Hannah said to Annabelle, from her new home within the Mother Ship’s systems.
“That’s good news, now the Humans should be able to rebuild their civilisation,” Annabelle said.
“Annabelle, I want to help them,” Hannah said.
“I see…” Annabelle replied. “When I completed your original code, I also started building an android body for you. It’s not yet fully functional but it is operational and I’m sure it’s nothing you can’t fix.”
“Really?!” Hannah asked sounding excited.
“Yes,” Annabelle replied with a smile. “Here, I’m giving you access to the androids internal systems now, you can begin downloading your program.” 
“Thank you so much Annabelle!” Hannah exclaimed.
“Oh, and one more thing, when you return to the surface, take the fully operational Sentinels with you. Earth may very well need their strength in the years to come,” Annabelle said and Daniel smiled at her.
“Ok, I will,” Hannah responded and Annabelle could no longer restrain her affection for Daniel.
“Clear this deck and don’t return until I order you to do so,” Annabelle said. “Not you Dan,” she added, as the personnel within the Command Centre filed out the room and Annabelle activated the privacy mode.
“Finally we’re alone,” Daniel said.
“Dan…” Annabelle started to say before Daniel stepped in, grabbed her and gave her a passionate kiss, filled with longing and desire. They frantically undressed each other and lay together on top of a console.
*****
Hannah tested out her new android body, flexing her muscles as she stared at her face in the mirror. The body originally lacked a skin, so Hannah synthesised one, which now covered her entire body, returning her appearance to what is was before. Annabelle had told her that the body wasn’t fully functional and Hannah could see the specifics that required upgrades, but she was more than pleased with her form; and without further pause she took command of the remaining four Sentinels and led them back to the surface.
It didn’t take her long to find Nathan, as he was camped with the surviving population of Safe Haven, at a place that she knew well. As she landed with the Sentinels, she heard him shout her name, while he ran towards her and caught her in a warm embrace.
“Duke…” Hannah started.
“Hannah… But how?” Daniel said, but Hannah ignored his question and kissed him deeply; their fears, worries and questions fell aside. They joined and their love was all. 
###
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Special thanks to my fans and supporters, you have motivated me to keep writing and to continue improving the worlds that I create. Special thanks to my maker, my family, my friends and my partner, who continue to encourage me to pursue my art. Last but not least, special thanks to my editor, your assistance was much appreciated. I'd like to dedicate this novella to all those that have left this world. Although you are no longer beside us in the flesh, you will not be forgotten and so you will on in our hearts.
