


The 
Cerulean Star

LIBERTY



 A Novel By
  Sharon Cramer


    Talking Bird Books


Special Smashwords Edition


Talking Bird Books LLC. © 2013

B & F Publishing


ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.


Written by Sharon Cramer

Copy edited by D.L. Torrent 

Content edited by Bonnie Lea Elliott

Cover design by Sharon Cramer



Publishers Note:
This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, places, and events are the work of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to real persons, places, or events is entirely coincidental.









For Daryl-I wrote this for you.

For Cole, Shad, Chase, Vonnie, and Debra-
You give me all the reason to see amazement in the stars.

A special thank you to Dan Bowkley-"The Truck Guy"-
For helping me keep that scene real.

A special thank you to Tina. My friend forever.







The 
Cerulean Star

LIBERTY





FOREWORD
?

CERULEAN- adjective \s?-?rü-l?-?n\ or more simply?Suh-Roo-Lee-n'
Definition: Blue beyond all imagination.


Equivalent Earth Date: 2010


The ship is small, not intended for deep space travel, really. It is more of a weekend vacation craft if you think about it, which is something the small crew try not to do very often. In earth terms, it was approximately twice as long as a basketball court and just about as wide.
It is called the Cerulean Star. That is a beautiful word-cerulean-and it slides off your tongue in a pleasant way. Chances are you've said it several times by now, just for the fun of it, but the Cerulean Star was named this not just because it was blue. It was blue, and when it reached deep space it became an exquisite, vivid blue-as blue as dusk on Plasteen Seven. That was a lovely little planet they'd passed on their way through the Keeva System, not so long ago.
It was one of seven planets that circled a Yellow Dwarf star but the only one worth stopping at as it was the only planet that had oxygen on it. This is fairly important because the small crew breathe exactly twenty-four percent oxygen. You and I breathe twenty-one percent, just in case you've forgotten. So the crew needed to resupply oxygen at intervals. It is one of several critical dependencies they have.
They hadn't stayed long, though, on Plasteen Seven. Like all the other planets they'd stopped on so far, there was no sentient life to speak of and no reason to linger beyond the oxygen. Not that there wasn't life on any of the planets they'd visited; there was, but it had always been either dangerously aggressive or sub-evolved to the point of being mostly squishy. Neither appealed to the young crew very much.
Back to the Cerulean Star. It was a magnificent ship, sleek and finely built. The three couples who designed and created it were scientists and dear friends-all of them gifted in many ways. Grago was married to Cyla. He was quite the smartest of the six, but the other five were noticeably brilliant as well. Grago was also the eldest and the primary intellect behind the creation of the Cerulean Star. When they started to build it, he was the one who made sure it was perfect, and it was, or so they thought. No expense and, more critically, no creativity was spared when the six crafted their masterpiece, and it was Grago's natural genius that spearheaded the entire project.
One more thing about Grago; he wasn't on the beautiful little ship?but his son was.
Back again to the Cerulean Star. It was named Cerulean not just because it was the most brilliant deep blue, but because it was rare-very rare. Truthfully, it was such a fine vessel and so unique that it received the Queen's Medal of Distinction for being unmatched-a truly remarkable ship. The Star has a skeleton made of Vasteen, and that is very significant, but more about that later.
There were few space craft as fine as the Cerulean Star and none of the sub-cruising size that this ship was. This made it one of a kind, practically unrivaled, and, as you've already been told, very rare-like a type O-class blue star. Everyone knows that Class O stars are extremely hot and extraordinarily luminous, being blue in color, so blue that they are almost violet. Everyone also knows there are only one in three million main sequence stars that are Class O stars.
The Cerulean Star was, therefore, the perfect name for the perfect ship.
There isn't another vessel like the Star, and that one fateful day when it disappeared, Grago and Cyla didn't mourn its loss at all-not one bit. What they grieved, instead, was the loss of their son.
Now, there are three aboard the Star. Well, technically four if you count the chakrat. The small creature bounded behind the three children when they boarded the Star that distant afternoon two years ago. Cleo is a puff of fur, nearly round, with glossy black eyes that seem to hide in the fluff of her face. She has blunt claws and a long tail that slithers like a rat's.
Sartek had ordered the animal to stay and was summarily dismissed by the hairy little beast. She scampered up the loading ramp, claws click-clacking on the deck panels, and ran past Sartek's ankles to hide under the captain's chair. Panting and grinning at her own cleverness, her beady eyes sparkled in joyful defiance.
"It's all right," Blalok, the youngest alien, informed him. "We're not going to be gone so long. She can come." Cleo was Blalok's pet and his one, true weakness. So the chakrat made four aboard the sturdy little ship-three kids and one moderately misbehaved pet.
Sartek was the eldest by eight months. He was also the son Grago and Cyla mourned, lost that terrible afternoon. He would be the equivalent of eleven earth years old when the accident happened, and he was the tallest of the three Bettuan children. That was their home planet-Bettua. They were nowhere near Bettua now. In fact, they were much farther than any Bettuan had ever gone and even farther than any Bettuan ever dreamed they might go.
Perhaps, that's not entirely accurate on two counts. First, it might be supposed that a Bettuan, like you and I, can dream they are very far away. Nevertheless, the truth was, the four were now unfathomably far away, with no idea of how to get home.
Sartek suffered grave responsibility for this. He considered this thought at least several times every day, and it was his last thought every night before he fell to sleep, although he never said so outright. Along with his guilt ridden sense of responsibility, he wore a demeanor of defiant willfulness. When he wasn't smothered with remorse for the accident, Sartek had a good instinct regarding pressing matters and was a natural leader, which is good because they were entirely occupied of their own defenses now.
The second count, which we will discover some time later, would give them grief in great numbers. But for now, let us continue with the crew of the Cerulean Star.
Isara was the second eldest, also eleven earth years and nearly as tall as Sartek, but thinner. She was so willowy that she might almost appear frail, but this wasn't true. Isara was a swimmer. Now, of course, all Bettuan were swimmers, but Isara was unusually strong for a female child and lightning quick. She was also an only child, and this contributed strongly to her will to live, although this will had yet to be tested.
Her parents nearly lost her when Isara was born and were told they would never spawn another. They'd thanked all six of Bettuan's moons for their baby and loved her more than anything in all the worlds, although Isara felt they fawned too much.
That dreadfully close call, that horrible event which nearly happened at birth, did happen eleven years later?they lost her.
Bettua is a water planet. You have probably figured this out by now. Nearly ninety-six percent is covered with water, and many of their cities are built upon the seas. Their oceans are vast and deep, and some of them are very treacherous, but the Bettuan respect this and live in harmony with their planet, accepting loss when it comes. To give you an idea of the size of their oceans, you first need to know that Bettua is approximately the same size as the planet Earth. However, while Earth is covered with roughly seventy-two percent water, a portion of its water is in frozen ice caps, lakes, rivers, and streams. Bettua's water is nearly all oceans.
And so, it is only natural that Isara is a swimmer. Swimming is considered a mandatory skill, and most Bettuan children swim by the time they're one year old. The Bettuan have evolved with a hemoglobin cell which carries eight molecules of oxygen on it, very similar to the oxygen carrying red blood cell of the Earth's whale. As a result, they can stay under water for long amounts of time. A rare, gifted few of their greatest swimmers can stay under water for nearly an hour. Isara would be one of those, one day.
Blalok is the third and smallest of the three castaways. He is also the smartest-alarmingly smart, and sometimes annoyingly smart. We all know and are occasionally maddened by someone like Blalok-if we're lucky. When he was only five years old, he wrote what was considered a collegiate level physics paper that defied some of Bettua's oldest and most entrenched laws of empirical physical behavior.
This all sounds somewhat complicated, so we'll talk no further about it, but suffice it to say that the school system didn't really know what to do with Blalok. So he sat amongst scientists and mathematicians at the university level, wondering how to most efficiently beat the next level of his favorite computer game. Blalok was also eleven when it happened, or as he would probably tell you, "Nearly twelve," and brilliant. He is also a nerd.
Some days, it was nearly impossible to pull Blalok away from his computers, and on that extraordinary day, Isara and Sartek cajoled him for nearly five minutes to persuade him to leave his precious computers behind for the afternoon, to join them aboard the Star.
Blalok was gifted-there was no mistaking that-but he was also a kid, and coveted his friendship with Sartek and Isara. Sometimes though, as Sartek put it, "There's no washing the nerd off of him."
On that particular day, Blalok was forty-seven levels into Quest for Dominion, his most recent and, at the moment, favorite interactive role-playing game. He was wearing the hover-suit and helmet that created the virtual world he quested in when his friends intruded upon him. His virtual character, by the way, was very tall, very handsome, and curiously seemed to gather many virtual female admirers.
Neither Isara nor Sartek played Quest for Dominion. His passion for the game, and his character, were secrets that Blalok kept from them. He loved his character and held the very rare and highly coveted level of supreme eminence. Blalok was a Quest for Dominion legend, and he possessed the virtual medals to prove it.
When Sartek and Isara stepped into Blalok's room, unannounced, he was hovering in the middle of his room, swinging his rather skinny arms around himself, in dead air. In his virtual world, however, he wielded a mighty sword and shield, and did it brilliantly.
"C'mon," Sartek said. "Let's go-let's get into the black beyond and hang out." He thumped on Blalok's helmet with his knuckles, which was incredibly annoying.
That's what they called space, the "black beyond." It was where the three would escape to play games, shoot the moons, and turn off the auto-gravity, laughing about the effects of weightlessness. Their parents didn't like them to do this. "It's unhealthy," the three had been told, but then again, the kids already figured out that many of life's "unhealthy" things were the most fun.
This particular afternoon, Sartek and Isara wouldn't take no for an answer, and Sartek poked Blalok in the ribs, one side then the other.
"Quit!" Blalok appealed, too distracted by his game to object more eloquently. He blindly tried to slap Sartek's hands away and missed each time. Finally resigning himself to his fate, he powered the game down and landed softly on his bedroom floor. Pulling the gaming helmet off, he tossed it more carelessly than usual onto his bed. "You're really obnoxious, you know!"
"C'mon," Isara coaxed. "Let's go lie on the Star's sun deck and eat darja and crackers." She held the bag of green treats up, trying to coax Blalok away from his virtual afternoon. This would be no easy task, but Isara knew darja and crackers were Blalok's favorite. "Mom made 'em." She smiled sweetly, swinging the baggie to and fro.
Isara wasn't just willowy-she was stunning, an exquisite natural beauty that seemed expressed not just in her appearance but in the way she moved. It was as though she carried herself in an effortless dance, and life was the perfect partner.
That wasn't what caught Blalok's attention now; it was the darja and crackers. Isara was one of his two very best friends, but she'd annoyed him often enough to be well beyond appearing attractive to him in that way. However, the tasty snack tempted him greatly.
Powering down his room with his back to his friends, he took a seat at his computer console as though he might busy himself with something else. He glanced sideways, suspiciously, through slitted eyes. Knowing he would eventually cave, he still wasn't ready to concede defeat just yet. Feeling the insult of the rib-poking, he rubbed absentmindedly at his sides. "Will we be back in time for Luna Physica?"
"That's a dumb show, and yeah, we'll be back in time," Sartek laughed.
Blalok grinned, shoved himself away from his computer, and slapped his knees before jumping out of his chair. "Then count me in!" He snatched the baggie of snacks from Isara's hand as he stalked past them and headed for the door.
They never would make it back for Luna Physica; they would never make it back at all, and Blalok was the least sorry about this. The accident offered up to him the stuff of dreams, and though he missed his family as much as anyone might, he had few regrets. To Blalok, he didn't see that wretched day as an extremely unfortunate accident. He believed he was meant to be out here, in the blackest of all beyonds. It was, to him?destiny.
Tonight, the three slept as the Cerulean Star cruised. The reassuring hum of the engines was always there, a gentle murmur in the background. When they'd first been lost, this was the sound that eased their fears, lulling them to sleep during sad and lonely moments. When all they had was each other and the awful unknown, the Star whispered to them, a constant reminder of home. Nearly two years later, they were so accustomed to the constant drone that they didn't even hear it anymore, and the Star still kept a constant, vigilant watch over them.
While they slept, the ship's sensors maintained a steady gravity similar to Bettua's, a climate with the temperature at a cool eighty-two degrees, and a suitably mixed oxygen ratio. It also analyzed space current, deflecting small space debris like micro-meteoroids and space sand. The Star had an intricate shield system to protect the hull from eroding away. It was brilliant, really-a living shell that regenerated itself from helium, the second most abundant element in the universe. The Star literally regrew itself from space, which was a good thing. It meant that if they could find the basic necessities of Bettuan life, they might survive. That was if they could stay a step ahead of the Rayze, the second concern mentioned a bit earlier-but more on that later.
The Cerulean Star also had a complex auto pilot and alarm system which allowed it to avoid impact with larger, more dangerous objects. It alerted the crew to any impending collision. There was virtually no risk they might strike something as big as a planet or large meteor. This was because the ship plotted their travels using a learning space map, so to speak. It sensed the layout of a system, mapping the stellar bodies in advance as it went.
The only risk, rare though it was? A vessel might come out of Time-Time travel to collide with them. This was incredibly unlikely, but then again, the terrible accident had been just as unlikely, and it'd happened before anyone could do anything about it.
All the same, the alarm system would alert them of any imminent strike, and it had never gone off. Nevertheless, the three of them tested it daily, at Blalok's insistence, to make sure it was fully functional. He'd been responsible for disabling this same alarm system, back on that dreadful day. That had contributed greatly to the accident. It was unfortunate that his friends insisted he do it, but they were all, in some way, guilty of conspiracy to commit stupidity.
In middle space-this is what the three called the space between stars-there was, for the most part, a whole lot of nothing. They didn't travel at what used to be called "Light Time." "That would just be stupid," Blalok explained.
Light Time was one hundred times the speed of light, archaic, and incredibly slow. It was also considered supremely impractical because once you reached above one hundred times the speed of light, more accurately at about one hundred twenty-three times the speed of light, a spaceship risked evaporating, along with everything in it. Well, it wasn't exactly evaporating. It was more like stretching. Your ship got stretched, and so did you until you became a thousand little pieces, and those pieces each became a thousand little pieces until you were just a lovely micro-string of mostly greenish cells, strewn along in space. It was the same thing that would happen to you if you made the unfortunate mistake of getting sucked into a Black Hole.
Therefore, it was unreasonable to star jump in Light Time anymore. This was how Blalok explained it to his two friends.
It was Blalok's great-great grandfather who'd discovered Time-Time, spearheading the invention of "Time-Trotting," as a layperson called it, which was most everyone, including Sartek and Isara. Blalok tried to get them to use the proper terminology-Geodesic Occasion Infinitum-but landed no success. He was, after all, a nerd.
The concept of Time Trotting was brilliant. It was the notion that time wasn't constant, that the sequence of time was irregular, and so it could be manipulated. Blalok's great-great grandfather had hypothesized the idea of back-to-back wormholes, which are only elaborate time tunnels anyway. In short, this would allow you to literally "trot" to the nearest star in an afternoon.
It allowed a ship like the Cerulean Star to cover vast distances between stars in its home galaxy by setting time, not speed of light. This changed so many things in such a dramatic way! Bettua became linked to its sister stars, and the Galaxy they lived in evolved. Art, science, and commerce flourished?after the wars finally ceased. That had been a long, terrible episode in Bettuan evolution, and is another chapter. We'll speak of it again-perhaps at another time.
That fateful afternoon when the three Bettuan children left to play, they'd not anticipated the dark matter thread that would suck them from their beloved Ambrik Galaxy to the great beyond. On that dreadful day, there'd been a shift in the fabric of the galaxy they called home. This happened?approximately never, but it did happen that day.
A shift, even microscopically small, can do wonderful and frightful things to a galaxy. Imagine dropping a pea into the middle of the ocean. It creates the tiniest ripple, but that ripple matches the frequency of the ripple next to it and they mesh. Then it happens again, and again. Eventually, after this tiny ripple has grown and matched the frequency of enough other waves, it becomes monstrous and crashes against the cliffs of a shore somewhere, creating a magnificent display that makes one hold their breath for its magnificence, or its horror.
There was no reasonable explanation why it happened in the first place-who dropped the pea-but it lent itself to the belief that the essence of divinity was real. Perhaps the all-knowing simply stuck its finger in and stirred the proverbial pot.
Anyway, whatever the cause, it happened. Furthermore, when it did, it created a galactic tsunami that rolled violently across Ambrik and Bettua. All ships were immediately ported, all except one, and I think you know which one that was.
The children never knew the tsunami was coming; their communication console and all the alerts were foolishly disabled. The Star was veiled, thanks to the very clever child named Blalok and some creatively brilliant programming. To them, and everyone else in their galaxy, they were completely invisible.
They were not supposed to take the Star out that long ago afternoon, or any other afternoon for that matter. In fact, Sartek was supposed to be cleaning his room, and Isara skipped deep-diving lessons to cavort with her two best friends.
Blalok wasn't innocent either. He by-passed the security settings and helped them shortcut several critical dock monitors to ease the vessel from her star bay. He'd even left a halo-image in their wake so that it appeared the ship was still in dock when it really wasn't. It was a brilliant piece of programming, and it would be several hours before the grown-ups finally figured this out as they frantically searched for their missing children.
The plan was to be back long before anyone was home, and none the wiser. Any other day it would have worked magnificently. Truthfully, previously it had! This wasn't the first time the three had done this. Just like before, today it also worked magnificently-and it was their final undoing. They had done the equivalent of running with a giant pair of galactic scissors, and it backfired terribly upon them!
What these three very clever kids hadn't heard was the inter-stellar alert that sounded the same afternoon. None of them were aware, and none of their parents assumed the three would be so impulsive as to take the Star out without permission. Second inter-galactic newsflash of the day; they were that impulsive, and as we already know, it wasn't the first time they'd done it! So the grand escape went off without a hitch. And consequently, they were cosmically screwed.
Veiled and with the communication and alert devices on standby, the three were able to sneak away, but that very critical alert went entirely unnoticed, and they were swept into the dark-matter thread before they even knew the tsunami was coming. They hadn't even noticed the Star's alarm system going haywire because Blalok muted it! At his friends' insistence, and against his own better judgment, he'd overridden all of their critical sensors.
Sartek and Isara complained that the sensors disturbed their music. Likewise, none of them noticed the emergency flashing lights because they'd set them on strobe anyway. That was a spectacular effect, they thought, as they blared their music. There was a very popular band that the three-well, Sartek and Isara anyway-particularly liked.
Blalok found the music annoyingly repetitive, but he was outnumbered, so it played loudly overhead as the tsunami sucked the Star suddenly and violently into its initial backwash. The tiny vessel careened onto its side, groaned terribly, and shuddered to the point that he thought it would implode. He clutched at the console to remain seated, his hands rifling over the engineering controls as he tried to alter the stress moments the best he could. Ultimately, it became too violent for him to maintain his balance, and he was thrown from his chair.
The Star emitted a horrendous, metallic sound, not unlike the leviathans that called so sadly to each other from Bettua's ocean depths. It moaned as its fabrication was tested beyond anything its creators ever dreamed it would have to endure. Spinning and tumbling, it was tossed as though caught beneath one of the monsoon waves that sometimes pummeled Bettua's land masses. Even though only a few seconds passed, to the children it seemed like it went on forever.
If the Cerulean Star's computer interpreted an eminent life threatening situation, it initiated an emergency suspension protocol. And this is exactly what it did, the moment it became so violent that Blalok and the others were thrown from their chairs. It initiated the emergency suspension, capturing and floating the children firmly in their places with a shield bubble about each of them to protect them. The navigation override then took over emergency operations, reading and reacting to the hull threatening forces that pummeled it. By the time the ship trembled to a stop and the engines groaned into a standby idle, the three aboard were utterly disoriented.
The suspension shields vaporized, setting them each gently back onto the bridge. They were speechless, all three peering in confusion at their new surroundings. They gazed in disbelief at what lie before them. The sudden silence was more deafening than all the noise from just moments before. They recognized nothing, and behind them what they didn't see was that the black-matter thread which had captured them had retreated and disappeared altogether.
Sartek stepped from the captain's chair where he'd been dropped from emergency suspension and joined his two friends. Blalok ignored the darja that had fallen in crumbs to the floor when the suspension lifted. Isara rose from her knees off the cool deck floor. They stood together-silent, motionless, and terrified-in front of the massive screen that wrapped around the small bridge of the ship. Beyond the screen was a very strange great beyond. Nothing was familiar.
If one could imagine a piece of sand rolling around on a happy beach on one side of a world, and then if they would imagine taking this speck of sand and flinging it impossibly far, to the other side of the world, onto a very different beach?that is essentially what just happened to the Cerulean Star. It was a speck of sand, thrown very, very far away. No Bettuan had ever traveled so far. No Bettuan ever imagined traveling so far.
Horrified, the children just stared. Standing frozen on the bridge, the three aboard the Star hadn't the slightest idea of what this spiral galaxy, coiling with its elegant and milky helix before them, had in store for them.
This is their story?



CHAPTER ONE
?

Kansas City, Kansas July 2010

It was a clear and crisp morning when nine year old Liberty crawled into the back of his parents' Toyota Camry. He struggled with the clips but eventually buckled himself into the kiddy booster seat, resigning himself to the humiliating fact that he still needed it. It would be no use fighting with his parents about it-they were quite firm about the safety rules. No matter. Secretly, he appreciated that at least it provided him with enough elevation to have a view out the windows.
It was summer, although Liberty considered this insignificant. He went to school year round, and this was fine with him. On this particular day, he was heading to a chess tournament in the city and was very excited about it. There were no age restrictions at the tournament like those ridiculous age restrictions on Jeopardy, which was an incredibly simple game-show anyway. Today, he would play chess against adults, brilliant minds, and would be challenged?he hoped.
His parents were arguing softly about whether he should go to Harvard or Cambridge. Liberty would graduate high school in just under two years and happily ignored their banter; he'd already decided he wanted to go to MIT and was lost in one of his favorite mind games. Content in the backseat, he was fabricating palindromes in his head. This was a favorite driving game that he'd invented. The challenge was to come up with words or phrases that were the same spelled frontward or backward-for example, kayak-only he'd upped the stakes. His phrases had to have the same number of letters as each street sign they approached, and he had to accomplish it before they passed the sign. The rules were if he failed to contrive one, he lost immediately.
He was thirty-two palindromes into his game, having just come up with "evil olive" to the sign that read "slow ahead" when the black pickup with the lift kit ran the red light and T-boned their car.
When he woke up thirteen days later, he was the only patient in the pediatric intensive care unit at Kansas City Memorial. Liberty looked around at the blank, silent faces, all staring regretfully down at him. That was when he discovered something new about himself. For the first time ever, he was alone?


Two Years Later: August 2012
Roxy's Foster home
Erie, Kansas

Thirteen year old Alex pulled her feet out of the water and tugged at the fishing string, secured with a slip knot to her pinky toe. Her overalls were wet up to the knees because she'd not bothered to roll them up. Now she was bent over, intent upon untying the string.
"What are you doing?" Liberty asked.
"I'm bored-gonna let him go," Alex said while she fiddled with the string. It was long, about eight feet, and on the other end of it was a catfish, nicely tethered through its mouth, around its pectoral fins, and up in front of its tiny dorsal. This clever arrangement made a nifty harness that allowed the very sturdy fish to swim about, tugging on Alex's pinky toe while she sat on the bank, feet dangling in the water, fishing for more catfish victims.
Given enough time, Alex would have two or three trussed up and doing loops, all tied to its own respective toe. The good news was that, in the end, she spared them all, releasing them to their bottomless lives, happy to swim another day. Alex always released the fish and only used bread dough balls-never live bait. Furthermore, she whaled on anyone who teased her about it.
Liberty watched her as she did this, saw her chew on her lip the way she did when she was thoughtful.
David, the third of this trio, offered his opinion on the subject. "Bored is stupid. Say that at home and we get chores, you know."
"It's not home, and you know it," she countered flatly, not looking up from her task. "We don't have a home?yet."
David and Alex were the first to arrive at the foster home nearly four years ago. David was now twelve years old, and still convinced that his father would return for him "soon." He appeared to ignore the fact that his dad had been sentenced to thirty years without parole. It was an incredibly painful subject for him, and he seldom spoke of it anymore.
Liberty watched David reach up to brush his dark hair out of his eyes and shrug Alex's reply away.
Absently fumbling through his pocket for his Albuterol, for his breathing was not right again this morning, Liberty found his inhaler. Shaking it first, he took a short puff and contemplated his two best friends' exchange. He considered Alex to be the kindest and toughest girl he'd ever known.
Alex had a peculiar habit, rather a philosophy, about living things. She'd been known to discover a struggling caterpillar on the sidewalk and gently lift it in cupped hands to place it somewhere safe in the bushes to recover. Another time, she'd sprinted much too closely into traffic to snatch a box turtle from its kamikaze trip across a busy avenue.
Liberty was also fairly sure that Alex was the only girl in Erie, perhaps in the whole world, who'd ever wrangled a catfish.
That's where they lived-Erie, Kansas, population just over one thousand. Also known as Beantown, USA, and it was easy to imagine why. The kids joked about it, calling it "Fart-Town" whenever the opportunity offered itself.
Magoo, or just plain Goo as they called him, lay beside Alex. His back legs were extended straight back behind him in a remarkably flexible way, and his nose was resting pitch-perfect center on his front paws. Goo was a short hair Daschund mix and went everywhere with the kids. During evenings at "The Home" he tunneled beneath the blankets to sleep curled up against Liberty, his designated human. Now, the wiener dog's eyes followed the fishing scene without too much excitement. He would perhaps have been much more interested if there were treats involved, but today was just catch and release, and Alex appeared unwilling to part with any of her Wonder Bread dough balls.
David had laughed at her once, regarding the bread. "It's a wonder you can eat it and live!" His dark brown eyes lit with amusement at his own joke.
Goo could eat it; Goo could eat anything and be just fine. Once, right after last Christmas, Goo had gotten into a package of Andes Mints that Hog bought for Roxy. Roxy ran the foster home, and Hog was her current boyfriend. They were a matched pair, and she was insanely upset when she discovered her precious candy had been confiscated and eaten by the little dog. "Never mind Goo was doing her fat ass a favor," Alex had mumbled.
Roxy was convinced that Goo would die from it, and refused to bring him to the vet, threatening to get rid of the "mongrel" for it. "He deserves what he gets!" she'd snapped, all puffed up with indignation. Roxy was unkind to the core.
Where chocolate is supposed to be very bad for a dog, Goo not only meticulously unwrapped all the mints, he'd neatly eaten, without incident, every last one of them, leaving only a littering of silvery green wrappers behind. Goo was a gastric phenomenon.
On another occasion, when Liberty was making BLTs, he dropped a ripe tomato onto the kitchen floor. Before he could stoop to pick it up, schloop-it was gone. All that remained was Goo, tail wagging and a happy grin on his face.
Now, the dog appeared to be considering a nap more seriously than a possible dough ball from a thirteen year old girl with fish tied to her toes.
Alex lifted the little fish gently from the water and flipped out her real Swiss Army Knife. It'd been the last thing her brother had given her, she'd once explained to Bert, and now she used it to gently cut the harness free, making careful to hold the catfish in what she called "the claw" so it wouldn't spine her with one of its painfully sharp fins. Taking a moment to admire the sleek, inky glossiness of the fish before holding it gently in the water, she began fake-swimming it back and forth until it experienced that ah-ha phenomenon, recognized its freedom, and darted to safety.
Swiping the catfish slime on her pants leg, she carefully wiped the knife blade off with the hem of her T-shirt before returning it to the long pocket by her knee. Then she took the string she'd salvaged from her pinky toe and coiled it up neatly before stuffing it into the bib of her overalls to save for next time-another day of fish wrangling.
Alex, whose real name was Alexandra Elizabeth Stutton, had no misconceptions about her own fate the way David seemed to. Two things-she hated her name, and so everybody just called her Alex, which she seemed to like well enough, and second, she knew there was no one who would someday return for her, or David?or Liberty for that matter. For now, she summed it all up saying they were in it together, until death do Roxy part. She'd then crossed her chest dramatically and spat on the ground.
Liberty was so named because his parents decided he needed a name signifying freedom and independence-a liberator from mediocrity, an intellectual leader. They'd been Berkeley graduates, and when his mother became pregnant, they picked a good, strong name because they thought of their unborn son in just this way. He would be smart, and strong, and he would go to the very best schools and colleges. Liberty would be a great thinker, a fighter for equal rights. Most importantly, he would change the world in ways that would benefit the good of humanity. This had been their dream for their very gifted son.
That's what they'd believed and what they told Liberty. And they'd been right on track with these magnificent plans, embracing mother earth as they both worked full time to save enough money to make their dreams for their son come true. That was before they died, of course.
The car crash took both of them in an instant and left ten year old Liberty in the back seat of the mangled car, unconscious and strapped into his kiddy booster chair because, of course, he still didn't satisfy the weight limit to use a regular seatbelt or sit in a front seat.
When he finally emerged from the rehab institute, his parents' small fortune depleted on his convalescence, it would appear that nine year old boys, no matter how brilliant, were not easily adopted. Now Liberty had been in foster care, with Alex and David, for not quite two years.
So now the three of them were all fostered at "The Home." Alex and David are twelve. Liberty is eleven.
It was summer in Kansas, and they were playing in one of the rare, forested areas of the state. Alex and David were barefoot. David was shirtless today, as he was on most days, and he was brown as the Indians' children who'd lived on the Kansas prairie long before it was Kansas.
Liberty thought the state was drab compared to the exotic places he read about and knew existed elsewhere in the world. He especially didn't like the hot weather; it made his asthma act up and his diabetes harder to control. He, unlike Alex and David, wasn't barefoot because he couldn't risk a foot injury. Infections were particularly nasty for Liberty. It was a struggle, but he tried to manage his diabetes as best he could. The state delivered his insulin and syringes, but it was rare that he ever made his doctor appointments.
Even so, he'd spent many hours poring through everything he could about diabetes, mostly on the school's library computers. At this point, he could've contributed fairly significantly to the field of diabetes research. Instead, he spent his quiet moments secretly absorbing anything and everything his mind could access. His not so quiet moments were spent with the two he'd come to know as family. Well?three?if you counted Goo.
August was hot and sultry, and the forest they were playing in was originally planted in the nineteen thirties as a windbreak to stop some of the terrible dust storms that Kansas was famous for. Erie was known for dust, corn, and beans?and at least one very below average foster home. Nevertheless, the little forest offered a bit of shady respite at times and was where the children could often be found. There was scarcely a square inch of it they hadn't, over the long summer days, explored.
The Home, as they called it, was an old farmhouse and sat one and a half miles from the outskirts of Erie. It fostered eight kids: three under the age of five, two older teenagers who were more often absent than home, and the three who played on the banks of the muddy catfish pond today.
Alex and David were sent to The Home within six months of each other. Liberty came along four months later. Hard circumstances and loneliness were the catalyst that brought them together, but it was their extraordinary personalities that soon bonded the three. Each of them suffered, on occasion, grave periods of disappointment and despair. There'd been times early on when they huddled around whichever one was the most vulnerable. It was frightening to be the object of Roxy's or Hog's wrath, but together the three would whisper words of encouragement to allay fears and tears. This was usually accomplished beneath a blanket tent. As time went by, it more often resulted in smiles, giggles, and games.
In short order, they were fairly inseparable, and today, evidently, they needed to go looking for a corn snake.
"You know I want one," Alex insisted. "They make the best pets."
"She's right-corn snakes are the most docile and easy to care for of all the midwestern snakes. They live a lot longer in captivity than in the wild, actually," Liberty explained to David, tipping his chin back so he could look up at his friend. He had an endearing habit of ending his sentences with the word actually, which usually made David grin.
"So what, and don't call me 'actually,'" David poked fun at his friend.
Alex rolled her eyes at both of them. "Whatever-just hurry up and c'mon. Let's get deeper into the woods and dig around for one."
"You know they won't let you keep it," David cautioned, as though trying to prepare her for the inevitable.
"They don't need to know as long as you keep your fat trap shut," she snapped, "and quit being so negative already." She started off, evidently prepared to leave both the boys behind.
This puzzled Liberty a small bit. Alex could be strong-willed, even downright opinionated, and it wasn't uncommon for her to lock horns with David on occasion. For her to be so randomly short with him, however, was unusual.
He glanced over at David, who only shrugged.
Alex was walking away now, obviously intent upon finding the snake with or without them.
They trotted after her, and Goo roused himself to follow along.
While they trekked deeper into the woods, Alex seemed even more determined to find the corn snake.
"She can pay thirty-nine bucks for one at the Pet Palace, or she could catch one," Liberty confided to David as they trailed behind her.
"Yeah, and where's she gonna come up with forty bucks?" David asked.
"Well, it's doubtful we're gonna catch one out here. They're very timid in the wild, you know."
"Hurry up!" Alex hollered, looking back over her shoulder as she made her way deeper into the woods.
They walked on, stirring up the leafy beds at the base of the trees with their walking sticks. Poking around, they tried to find the elusive, lovely, orange and gold banded constrictor. It was a perfect snake, as far as snake pets go-Liberty was right about that. And behind their foster house was a corn crib that would be perfect to shelter it in, complete with plenty of mice for it to nibble on.
Time passed and an unusual silence fell over the three. Something was up, and neither boy appeared prepared to confront the issue. They'd wandered deeper into the woods than they normally did, and just about when Liberty was going to suggest they go back, something happened.
Alex was the first to top a tiny wooded hill that looked down into a secluded draw below. Liberty was dragging behind, but still heard her mutter, "Happy Birthday," as she halted in her tracks, eyes wide with amazement.
By then, David caught up with her and pulled up abruptly enough that Liberty ran smack up against him. He wriggled between the pair, and it was just then that he saw what they saw-a brilliant blue glow, mostly hidden by the trees.
"What is it?" David asked.
"I don't know. Wanna find out?" Alex took a step toward the glowing, luminous ellipse.
It was unlike any blue they'd ever seen and with a silvery aura as well. There was something else about it-something strangely cool. Even as far away as it was, it hummed, almost too quiet to hear. It was more of a sensation they felt, between their ears. There was also a strange static in the air, like a pleasant and very unusual electric breeze. It was brisk and very odd. Liberty had never experienced anything like this phenomenon before and was instantly intrigued.
"What is it?" David squinted, holding both arms out as though he would keep his friends from approaching something that could be dangerous. He did this sometimes-tried to step into a role of leadership of the group. His dark features were very serious just now.
Liberty noticed that, along with his leadership role, David sometimes seemed to bear the weight of the world on his shoulders, carrying responsibility for the trials of others. When he was like this, it was usually best to leave him alone for a bit. He'd tried to explain to David that there wasn't anything he could've done to persuade his father not to print the money. David acknowledged this with a nod, but never commented further on it.
Liberty thought he was sad more often than he let on.
How could he not be?
The counterfeiting scandal had rocked both their lives and landed his father in prison for a very long time. The currency had been so perfect, the best the government had ever seen, and because it'd been sold overseas to be used in questionable activities, a stiff treason charge was added to his offenses. Treason was hard to assign to an American citizen, but once it was, sunshine became a rare commodity for those unfortunate souls. Odds were David would never see his father outside of prison again. He'd never acknowledged this outright, probably never would.
David was naturally athletic-gifted, really. While he should have been doing junior-league sports, making his way toward a college athletic scholarship, he was instead escaping with his orphaned friends into the eastern Kansas woods, and because of this, he seemed happier than he'd ever been. One cool afternoon, on Halloween, as they sat smearing fireplace-ash on their faces so they could pass the requirements to trick or treat, David told Alex and Liberty that they were his very best friends?ever.
Now Alex pinched David on his bare ribs and shoved her best friend's arm aside. "It's aliens, stupid. Move it."
"Ow! Why do you hafta' be such a-?"
"Wait!" Liberty broke in.
They both stopped in their tracks. Alex and David almost always listened when Liberty said something urgently. It was an accepted fact that he was brilliant, and he could go on and on about the most boring things. When he did this, his eyes would light up with excitement his friends didn't always share. He also wore glasses-gold, wire-framed glasses that were his father's. They were the exact correct prescription, although too large for his face, and they made his eyes seem even larger than they really were.
However, when Liberty spoke urgently, Alex and David had come to recognize that it was generally important for them to listen. Most times, when they ignored him in such situations, things went poorly.
Now he gestured in the direction of the blue glowing object down the hill. "There's the distinct possibility that we've encountered a vessel from another planet." He considered his friends very earnestly.
They were staring at him as though he'd sprouted a third eye.
"And we have no way of knowing if it is safe."
"You think?that's an alien ship?" David said, hiking his thumb at it. "Seriously?" He laughed nervously. "Well, if it is, we discovered it!" Then he shifted his bare feet in the dried leaf bed of the forest floor. "Do you think we should tell someone first?"
"No!" Alex pushed abruptly past her friends to sneak a closer peak at the object that glimmered so exquisitely down the way. Nestled in the small meadow, glowing in such an enchanting fashion, as it was, only made it seem all the more inviting.
"Alex, you don't know if it's safe!" Liberty whispered, as though they might be heard by the visitors. "What if there's radiation?"
Ignoring Liberty's healthy skepticism, she quipped, "Well, then maybe I'll grow another head and be as smart as you." Grinning over her shoulder, she continued to crab-crawl down the hill.
The boys followed hesitantly behind.
Before too long, they were bunched together and peering from behind a thick shock of bushes at the elegant shape, about fifty yards away, floating absolutely still in the tiny meadow. The ship hovered only about three feet above the ground, and the buffalo grass swayed gently back and forth beneath it.
It didn't really sound any louder, even this close, but the electric buzz they'd felt before was much more pronounced now. It made Liberty's skin feel tingly, like he had goose bumps all over.
"Hey-look at Bert!" David exclaimed. "Bert" was what they called him, seldom using his formal name.
Liberty's hair was so blonde as to be nearly white, and it was "?fine as fish hair," Alex had been known to joke. There was also quite a lot of it, and it was cut in a perfect, ridiculous bowl-cut that only made his glasses seem even bigger than they really were.
"What?" Liberty was seriously concerned, eyes wide. "Retinal hemorrhage? Petechiae? Am I?glowing?"
His friends giggled. Liberty's hair was standing completely on edge, sticking straight out all over. It had a fairly startling effect and made him look like a fuzzy, white, human Chia pet.
Alex ran her hand across the top of it, trying to make it lie down again. No good-it snapped straight back up, and they laughed out loud at this.
"Stop it!" Liberty insisted. "We have more important issues at hand here than my hair!" This was true, but even so, he couldn't resist reaching up and rubbing his own hand across it. He tried several more times to smooth his hair down as they turned their attention back to the craft, and then finally accepted that, for now, he would strongly resemble a fully blossomed dandelion.
Goo seemed happy to keep his distance from the strange object that perhaps made his doggie ears tingle a bit too much. He nosed around the base of the shrubs the three children hid behind before plopping down to give his legs a break. It had been a long day today; they'd gone much further than they usually did, and evidently this was all the enthusiasm Goo could muster for the moment.
"What should we do?" Alex wondered out loud. "Should we try to make contact?" She stared, eyes wide and fixed on?whatever it was.
"I'm guessing that isn't necessary," Liberty replied straight up. "If they have the technology to be here, which should be next to impossible anyway, then they already know we're sitting here behind these shrubs."
Both of his friends stared at him with identical expressions of disbelief.
"What?" David stood up. "We've snuck down this hill and are sitting behind these bushes like a bunch of idiots, and they know we're here?" He looked incredulously at Liberty.
"Yes, and it's your own fault," his friend answered with a wry grin and a shrug. "You didn't ask me."
That was evidently all Alex needed to hear. Before the boys could stop her, she walked from behind the bushes to stalk into plain sight of the vessel. Then, she lifted a hand to gently wave at it.
David leapt forward to grab Alex by the arm. "Alex, stop! We don't know if it's-"
Before he could finish, it was gone! In an instant, quicker than a blink, it simply vanished. There was no powering up, no swoosh as it left orbit, no fire or vapor trail. It was just all of a sudden not there.
Alex blinked hard twice. "What the??" she halted and took one staggering step toward the spot where only an instant before the ship had been.
Liberty surfaced from behind the shrubs. "See? Told you they knew we were here."
"Fuck! Shut up!" Alex snapped as she scanned the tree-line, a hand over her eyes to shield the sun. It was unusual for Alex to be this suddenly profane, and sure as shit, Liberty shut up.
The energy they'd experienced before lingered for a second or two longer, and then it too was gone. The warm, humid summer afternoon wrapped around them again as they simply waited, standing next to a fat and sleeping wiener dog in a small Kansas woods. For a good, long moment, nobody said anything.
David reached a hand out, gently resting it on Alex's shoulder as though he knew how disappointed she might be. "Sorry, Al. I know you really wanted to get closer."
She said nothing, only blinked back tears.
"But you gotta admit," Liberty chimed in, "it was neater than a corn snake!" It was all he could think to say to her just then, and he felt he came up short.
She turned away.
Thinking she might be feeling bad about snapping at him earlier, he still couldn't help but think that Alex seemed a bit too let down as they started the long walk home. Rolling it over in his mind, he decided to just ask, "Alex, you okay? I mean, we all saw it, but you seem?sad about it."
"It's my birthday, Bert," she disclosed simply.
David stopped in his tracks. "What? How come you didn't tell us? That's great! I mean?" He paused.
Birthdays at The Home weren't celebrated. After food and cigarettes, there was little money left for "fluff n' puff" they were told.
Liberty, realizing how insignificant birthdays really were, rescued the situation. "You know, maybe the aliens knew that too! Maybe they knew it was your birthday and came to wish you a happy birthday!"
It was such a sweet thing to say-so incredibly illogical-and Alex smiled broadly. "You know, you really are stupid sometimes."
Liberty nodded and grinned. "Yeah, I know."
"And what a show!" David recalled. "Especially with Bert's hair doing that thing!"
They all laughed at the memory of his funky hair, standing on end.
"By the way, gratz on being a teenager now," David offered. "You're the first one."
This brought a wider grin to Alex's lips.
"C'mon, Goo!" Liberty called.
The little dog's head popped up at the sound of his master's call. Ears flopping up and down, Goo hustled to take up his position behind his human.
They all moved away from the hidden meadow and back through the woods. The rest of the way home, they walked in silence.
Liberty thought very hard about the sighting of the strange object in the meadow. He suspected that David and Alex would struggle with what they'd seen today. He, on the other hand, would not. He knew without a doubt what it was.
That night, they watched the T.V. closely to see if there were any mentions of the UFO on the news. Nothing; evidently it was Alex's birthday surprise?and their secret.



CHAPTER TWO
?

Aboard the Cerulean Star, the three Bettuan were gathered on the bridge. It was oval shaped, and the entire front third of it arced with a floor-to-ceiling screen that could display, at any time, an exterior view from any angle or direction they wished. Right now, the screen revealed the small meadow below and the three Earthlings standing on the edge of it.
"What happened?" Sartek demanded as the Star lifted gently, cruising farther from the meadow until it hovered some six hundred meters overhead.
Blalok powered the engines down to nearly nothing. The Cerulean Star was again veiled and, for all practical purposes, invisible to any instrument that might pick up radiation, heat, or alteration in energy fields. Now, nothing on Earth could sense the presence of the alien ship.
Sartek was standing with his arms spread, leaning on the navigation panel, frantically interfering with Blalok's interpretation of data. Running his hands back and forth over the gel like bubbles that were the controls, he checked and double checked the readings. He desperately wanted to make sure the ship was veiled and shielded.
The computer was silent, evidently content with the momentary stasis the ship enjoyed.
Below them, the three Earthlings seemed confused, fragile, and small, looking around and communicating amongst themselves.
"It was Cleo," Isara confessed, holding the chakrat tightly in her arms.
Cleo dropped her head onto her claws in shame-an obvious effort to appear pathetic.
"She jumped up on the console from the navigation chair and must have switched off our veil. You know she likes to sit there. It was an accident, really it was," Isara said, defending the little creature.
The chakrat whipped its tail, panting nervously as though it sensed it was in grave trouble. Isara looked mortified enough for the two of them while Cleo wriggled, trying to free herself to get to Blalok and the security of her master's arms.
"That's not Okay!" Sartek continued pacing back and forth, checking and double-checking the monitors one last time to make sure they hadn't been discovered.
The screens were all neutral again-all detection devices were silent. It appeared that the fleeting error had gone unnoticed, except by the three small creatures below.
"She's not supposed to be in here on the bridge. It's just not safe!" Sartek raised his voice again.
"Calm down. Everything's all right! I've gone over our readings three times now." Blalok shoved Sartek's hand aside, rechecking his monitors even as he spoke. "Nobody saw, except those three and that weird little?whatever it is with them," He tried to calm him. "There is virtually no chatter on their media networks regarding the event. Besides, even if we were seen on a larger scale, there is next to nothing that can be done as long as we remain veiled. Their technology is much too primitive for them to detect us now. We are safe."
"It's still not acceptable!" Sartek argued with him. "If we're discovered, no one knows what could happen to us. It risks everything!" He swept his hand in front of him, gesturing toward the black beyond. "We might never make it home!"
Isara appeared stricken at his words.
Blalok's eyes fell as Isara approached Sartek, reaching to set the chakrat on the floor beside her. "Sartek?it's been a year and a half now," she said softly. "We don't know what happened; we don't even know where we are." She had a look of sad regret on her face, as though she was sorry for the vigilant belief that Sartek maintained, that someone might find them and bring them home, back to Bettua. "We need to make the best of things, Sartek. We're?lost."
"It doesn't matter." He challenged her. "They could be looking for us right now! We have to maintain ourselves here, in this galaxy?until they find us!" He turned away, his back to her.
Both Blalok and Isara stared at him. Then Isara reached up and rested one pale green hand upon his shoulder. "Sartek?it's not your fault."
"I didn't say it was my fault! I know it's not my?It's just that?" He swallowed thickly, looked at the big forward screen. It displayed the image of the three aliens below, with the small, fat, four-legged creature-the four who'd spied them in the meadow. The aliens were walking away now, back from wherever they'd come. "I just want to make sure we're all right, you know, till something happens," he murmured, watching the aliens retreat and disappear into the woods.
"We are all right," Blalok insisted. "We're safe! The Star is doing fine. We need to accept our situation and make the best of it."
Sartek sighed, closing his dark green eyes as he hung his head. He seemed tired but stood tall to face his friends. "Thanks. You're right?I guess there's no harm." He paused. "We're okay, aren't we?"
Both his friends nodded enthusiastically, and Isara added, "Better than okay. We're best friends." She held out her hand, inviting the group hand clasp that signified this. They gripped hands firmly until the energy pulse that committed and bound them one to another sparked gently, then let go.
"But Cleo has to be kenneled from now on! Whenever we're in orbit at least, especially when we're harvesting," Sartek insisted.
When he said, "Harvesting," he meant when they were harvesting oxygen, of course.
"Sure thing-that's a good idea," Blalok replied. "I'll make sure she's put up when we're in orbit."
This wouldn't be such a bad thing for Cleo, in all truthfulness. Kenneling on the Cerulean Star simply meant that there was a force-field track that the chakrat was limited to. She would still be free to wander the ship, only safely-out from under foot and trouble.
For a moment, the three of them watched in silence as the creatures below disappeared, snaking their way back into the woods from which they'd emerged. The Earthlings seemed hesitant. As they moved away, the small creature that appeared to have attached itself to them panted along behind. Finally, they were gone, swallowed up by the canopy.
"What do we know about them?" Isara glanced over at Blalok.
"There are roughly seven billion of them," he answered almost immediately. "They inhabit all land masses on this planet, but have not developed the seas. As a matter of fact, they exclusively exploit them." Blalok studied the species specific analyzer as he spoke.
The Cerulean Star rose and swept silently into a gently arcing orbit while the three of them looked down on the darkening horizon of the planet called Earth. They were momentarily mesmerized by the elegant blue, white, and green swirls that marked the land, sea, and weather masses of the extraordinary planet.
Coming from Bettua, the three considered Earth morosely devoid of water mass. It lay below them, strangely solid with its enormous land areas, but oddly inviting. Before now, for over a year and a half, they'd spent long days on desolate, hostile planets to harvest oxygen. In all their travels, there'd been only three planets that were even safe enough for them to approach. When they'd come across these planets, the small crew had always been hesitant to move on, afraid of what may or may not await them in the vast unknown.
This tiny planet, on the other hand, seemed inviting, with its seas and its rich, temperate climate. As it spun serenely on its axis, stars twinkled beyond the horizon. A single white moon appeared. They stared, still captivated by the enchanting planet below them.
"We should stay for a while," Isara murmured quietly.
Blalok ignored her comment and continued with his narrative. "They have eight biomes, all fairly similar, all with an oxygen content of twenty-point ninety-five percent?compatible, as we already know." When he said that it was compatible, he meant the three of them could breathe the atmosphere easily and indefinitely. Being "swimmers," they could survive in atmospheric conditions down to seventeen percent oxygen before feeling ill-affected. "However, despite their relatively scarce ocean cover, they do little to sustain it," he added. "It is still very?devalued."
"And these particular creatures?" Sartek asked.
"It is my assumption that the three that discovered us are juvenile," he replied without hesitation.
"What?" Sartek and Isara said in perfect unison.
"What?" Isara repeated urgently.
"Juveniles-spawnlings. They're?" Blalok answered almost nonchalantly, "Kids?like us."
This information had the effect of slapping his friends in the face with a wet towel. They just stared at him.
"It makes sense, if you think about it," he finally added. "Why would adult aliens from that world waste time exploring an already surveyed woods, technologically primitive though they are?" He said it as though it should be so very obvious.
"You're so annoying sometimes," was all Sartek replied.
Blalok only seemed satisfied with this remark.
That night, or rather the time they'd set aside for night, they each went to their quarters, crawled into their respective sleep chambers, switched on their bio-regulation modules, and floated into stasis.
Stasis was rejuvenating. They were free to move as they slept. It wasn't antigravity-it was uniform gravity. Stasis was pressure, equal from all sides and angles. Not only was it pressure, it pulsated against them, stimulating circulation from all surface area, almost resembling an aquatic environment. It was healthy and soothing, and as each drifted off, they pondered deeply the events of the day, each one with their own perspective.
Isara, however, contemplated the event more heavily than the others. She couldn't seem to brush the image of the three Earthling life forms from her mind, and rolled around in stasis, unable to calm her mind. Finally, she abandoned rest and got up. Making herself a cup of tea from the fabricator, she settled in front of her personal console.
"E-I," she addressed the computer.

* * *

E-I was what they called the very intricate computer system that was the brain, heart, and soul of the Cerulean Star. E-I stood for Electronic Intelligence, but there was much more to it than just that. The computer had instinct and intuition, but most importantly, it could feel. However, E-I would only offer opinion on casual matters if it was asked. It would not blindly interject unless a situation was emergent. The Bettuan designed this technology so that Bettuan instinct would always have the final say in most situations. They believed this would create a more natural evolution of the vital spirit of themselves.
The plant plasma circuitry within the computer was fabricated from the very difficult to harvest sea-moss which grew in the blackened cold at the depths of one of Bettua's deepest seas. Pretty much nothing grew at those depths. There was no light, and all the monsters that ventured there, great and small, possessed elaborate self illumination systems. So did the moss.
The Bettuan were surprised at how lush the fields were that grew in such deep water, on the ebony cliffs and chasms below them, when they first discovered the delicate, inky green moss that flittered with flashes of luminescence. At first they'd harvested only a sampling of it, carefully planting it in the shallower, much safer depths around some of their cities. 
It quickly succumbed to the sunlight, and the Bettuan, recognizing their mistake, eventually planted the delicate moss in cliffside ocean caves. In the cool, dark water of these caves, it survived and even flourished. It took some adjustment at first, but after some careful cultivation, the schlange moss grew happily in the darkened farms. It was velvety smooth, its microscopic fronds glittering with light when it was most happy. The caves were a perfect placement for it as the Bettuan could now harvest it safely and avoid negotiating some of the monsters of their deep oceans.
There is a critical component to this plant. The moss wasn't simply content in its new environment in the cave farms?it thought about things. Schlange moss was the first plant life ever identified to possess sentient thought, and though its feelings were very fundamental-I'm afraid, I'm too hot, I have fear-it wasn't just a simple reflex, for the plant also exhibited sorrow when a harvest was first taken from it. The remainder of the small field languished after the harvest, mourning the loss of its own.
The Bettuan were ultimately able to communicate to the fields. They informed them that the harvest was alive and well, that it would be sheltered impeccably, allowing it to flourish in its new home. With this news, and because it was very trusting, the schlange moss snapped back to life, its bioluminescent patterns flitting bright and vibrant once again.
On the Cerulean Star, when cells of the moss were fabricated into the incredibly refined circuitry of E-I, it did two remarkably unexpected things. The most amazing was that it allowed logical thought to be enhanced with emotion. This gave E-I intuition. It also allowed for spontaneous regeneration of the computer's components themselves. Like the hull of the Star, the elaborate circuitry of E-I experienced a continuous rebirth and would never age. It also allowed E-I to think beyond the hard science and math that it was programmed for. E-I developed instincts and conscience, and its circuitry was encased in perfect tiny tubes of water that were filtered and recirculated to give happy life to the precious moss within.

* * *

"E-I," Isara commanded, "Replay Cerulean Star date three-three-oh-nine, fourteen forty-two."
"Affirmative." The computer confirmed Isara's request pleasantly, in an androgynous tone. The computer screen illuminated slowly so as not to shock her eyes. It was a pleasant, swirling blue, and moved gently until the three dimensional image of the little forest in Kansas was apparent as though it sat right on her desk. "Good evening, Isara. You are awake at an unusually late hour. Is everything all right?"
"Zoom," she requested, ignoring the computer's query.
The screen gradually pulled into the image of earlier today, closer and closer, pulling the forest almost up and around her.
"Can I inquire as to what concerns you have at this hour?" E-I probed.
Isara ignored it, peering instead at the scene around her. Suddenly, she could make out the three Earthlings and their pet, sneaking down the hillside. They looked almost silly as they slipped and slid, stopping at intervals to communicate.
E-I zoomed in even more, and Isara's eyes widened when she noticed the Earthlings enjoying the effects of vapidation, especially upon the smallest one's hair. Isara examined the screen closely as the two taller Earthlings appeared to be highly amused by the way it stuck out, floating about the Earthling's head like a white halo.
Isara had seen the vapidation effect often enough before, on Cleo. It'd long since lost its entertainment factor, although it was a fairly ridiculous effect on the one with the shockingly white hair. What captivated Isara the most, however, was that the three creatures seemed somehow amused, by it. Amusement? That is a Bettuan emotion! Humor! She was more than a bit uncomfortable with this new realization and shifted in her chair as she replayed it one more time to make certain. There was no doubt; the creatures found it to be funny.
Next, she observed how the thinnest of the three, the one who appeared decidedly female, was also the most forward of them, shoving her comrades aside to venture all alone as she stepped into the open meadow. This was a bold move by any species' standards.
"Zoom again," Isara said quickly, "and freeze."
The screen came to rest, crystal clear and vivid, upon the female's face.
Isara was mesmerized. She studied her, the light brown hair so soft and fine. It also appeared dry, wavy, and sun-streaked, hastily pulled back into a device of sorts, but that hadn't stopped considerable strands from escaping and floating about the creature's face. Bettuan also had hair, but it was all charcoal grey, slick, and coarse, like ropes of wet clay. And, it grew very slowly-only a fraction of an inch per year. The Bettuan never cut their hair, and the hair of the very eldest Bettuan, who approached nearly three hundred years old, would sometime darken to an inky black, streaked with ash, hanging almost to their waists.
She peered at the frozen image again-at the hazel brown of the alien's eyes, so round and fringed with fur. There was a smattering of spots across its nose and cheeks, and the skin-it was such an unusual color, like the belly of a fish. She studied the wideness of the face, the too large mouth and small eyes. Isara rubbed her chin thoughtfully, like she did when she read about something wonderful or unfamiliar. Then she focused on the Earthling's expression.
"Play?slowly," she commanded the computer and watched as the female raised her hand in a gesture that could only seem friendly. Her mouth widened into something the Bettuan would have classified as a smile, an expression of utter anticipation, of?hope? Then Isara saw the expression disappear in a stricken flash. She watched as the female took one halting step toward where the Cerulean Star had been. The Earthling couldn't know that the Star was now hovering and veiled just a short ways above. She just stood there with a thin hand still hanging in the air, a look of absolute disappointment on her face.
Isara watched the Earthling slowly lower her hand and turn back to her friends, obviously forlorn, shoulders sagging. The two others appeared to comfort her. The tallest of the three even put his arm around her shoulders. Finally, the three glanced back only once before leaving the meadow and disappearing into the woods.
She studied the frozen screen for a few moments longer. It was so obvious that the female Earthling felt an unexpected disappointment, affected with some emotion that Isara wasn't entirely sure of. Was it the sudden disappearance of the Cerulean Star that affected her in such a way?
When the Earthlings observed the ship disappear, what really happened was the Cerulean Star had remained in the meadow for a short while longer, veiled. Then, it had lifted slowly and quietly above the trees, finally flitting silently into an orbit pattern of the planet.
"Off, E-I," Isara commanded.
"Isara, do you need to talk about something?" The incredibly sophisticated network queried gently.
"Goodnight, E-I," she answered simply.
"Goodnight, Isara," the computer replied warmly and flickered off, the lifelike image of the small woods disappearing suddenly from her room.
Isara was too lost in thought to be engaged by the mainframe's concern. She crawled back into bed, leaving her tea, cold and un-drunk, on the console counter. The next morning, she told Blalok and Sartek she'd dreamt of the Earthlings and?she had an idea.



CHAPTER THREE
?

Alex was up at what David called the "butt-crack of dawn." She hadn't slept very much last night, had flipped and flopped in the bunk overhead, slowly entangling herself hopelessly in her sheets. All the while, she'd been playing over and over in her mind the events of yesterday. Ordinarily, she would've been all over her friends to get up with her, to get a jump on the summer day. That didn't happen this morning-this morning was different.
She waited until the first sliver of dawn separated the earth from the sky before she slid out of the top bunk and into her overalls. Tiptoeing across the floor, she snuck from the room, leaving David and Liberty behind. This she had done before, approximately?never.
A quick trip to the bathroom, and then she finger scrubbed her teeth with just a swipe of toothpaste. Some days, there just wasn't time for the toothbrush, but she couldn't tolerate morning-mouth ever since Bert compared it to the bottom of the long abandoned chicken-house. The disgusting visual was enough to keep her and David from skipping this routine in the mornings. Finger scrubbing, however, was reserved for emergencies only.
Taking the stairs from the attic to the second floor, she skipped the two that squeaked by lifting herself over them with the handrail like on the monkey bar walk at the elementary school. It'd been her experience that the two stairs were approximately right above Roxy's head. It wouldn't be good to wake Roxy or Hog. A visceral hatred stirred in her belly as the brief subconscious thought of those two surfaced, and just as subconsciously, she repressed it.
Hopping as silently as she could, she took the second flight of stairs down to the kitchen. As soon as her bare feet landed on the cool linoleum, Alex pulled her thick, wavy hair recklessly back in a worn rubber band and scaled the backdoor steps two at a time, spitting what was left of the toothpaste onto the dirt that served as a lawn at The Home. She bounded, still barefoot, for the edge of the cornfield and the barely lit woods beyond. The path between the stalks was well worn from their trips to the forest, and as she ran, the dirt was almost velvety soft beneath her feet.
Ever since she'd seen the glowing blue ellipse, floating in the secluded little meadow, Alex hadn't been the same. Something happened to her, something that compelled her to leave her friends behind and run back to the woods. The remarkable event on her thirteenth birthday somehow changed everything for her.
Much of Alex's life had been like drifting-flotsam in a stagnant eddy. She and her brother James had been fostered ever since her mother was found negligent, for the fifth time, by the district court of Kansas. Alex was three; James was ten. Life soon became a string of foster homes. When she turned nine, she and James were split apart. They told her she could see him sometimes. They were wrong. She never saw James again, until he showed up last year to let her know he was joining the army. He'd hugged her, told her he loved her, gave her his real Swiss-army pocket knife, and jumped into the back seat of an old Cadillac convertible with three other guys. Then?he disappeared.
Alex had been in The Home for barely a month when this happened. When James left, so did something else. She became detached from everyone she knew and withdrew, becoming lonely and isolated. She was defiant, angry, and truly believed she needed no one in her life. The resulting effect was a motionless existence; time became flat, a mere continuation of lifeless minutes. There was no purpose and no one to need her either. She smiled less often and spent much more time alone.
Then, something happened. The eddy broke and the river started to run again, in the form of another injured soul.
Being the first of the three to be placed in The Home, and having been in and out of many homes before, Alex almost immediately developed an unbending lack of compassion for any other foster child who might feel sorry for themselves. At the time, the other children at The Home were either much younger or older than she was, and so she found herself isolated in the middle, and very alone. She often told herself the situation fitted her just fine.
Nearly five months later, when David showed up so quiet and withdrawn, Alex was unwilling to extend her friendship to him in even the smallest capacity. She looked down her nose at him as though he was weak.
Sure, life had its knocks, but people have risen above worse?get over it! She snorted her derision outwardly, but the sad nine year old boy only looked away. It seemed he couldn't be baited-he wouldn't engage her. This only confused and frustrated Alex.
David was withdrawn, never talking about the big why he was there, never throwing scorn back into the face of his circumstances the way she did. They were the same age, staring at each other across the card table that served as the kitchen table, and they were miles apart.
That was until one frosty winter day, when Alex took the last of the Fruit Loops for breakfast. She sat smugly, wrapped up in her favorite hand me down bathrobe with her legs crisscrossed on the chair. She'd overfilled her bowl, perhaps a little bit selfishly, but the box was close to empty and she'd gone ahead and done it anyway.
David looked her square in the eye and asked one word, "Share?"
She seemed surprised but shot back, "Why should I?"
"Because if you don't, who will?" David answered without hesitation. He just stared at her, holding out his empty bowl.
She finally, reluctantly, shook the short half of her bowl of Fruit Loops into David's then watched, dumbfounded, as the quiet and brooding boy poured milk onto it and slipped the bowl beneath the table. Alex lifted up the plastic red checked tablecloth with her finger and peered beneath.
Underneath the table, the stray wiener dog-the one that'd showed up cold and hungry on the doorstep a few days before-wagged its tail gratefully. They'd been warned not to feed this mongrel stray, but evidently David decided otherwise and was willing to risk all hell breaking loose for it.
This gesture immediately broke Alex down. It was as though her heart had been shattered in a most perfect way. The shell cracked and fell away. From that day forward, she attached herself to David. Before long, he was firmly at her side as well. It brought life back into the little girl who had no one, and it gave the sad, dark haired boy the fire to fight another day. From then on, they had each other.
Liberty came to The Home nearly three months after the car crash. He was mute, shell-shocked, and fresh from the children's psychiatric rehabilitation ward, after his parents' trust fund ran dry. There would be no incredible schools, no elite tutors, no perfect dynamics to stimulate the savant child. Liberty was curled up in his foster bed, thin, silent, and so pale as to be almost translucent. His knees were tucked up all the way under his chin, with the sheet pulled up over his head.
"Leave him alone," Roxy warned them. "He don't talk much, got his head cracked. And has some disease and will probably die anyways."
He was "on his way out," Alex decided as they peeked through the crack in the attic door.
That's where they slept, the three of them-in the attic.
"He's disappearing," Alex explained worriedly to David. "We have to do something."
David nodded, and so the two of them did the most extraordinary thing. It was sheer brilliance. They went for Goo. When they lifted the foot of the invisible boy's blanket up and shoved the wiener dog underneath, Goo tunneled up to the chest of the orphaned boy, rooting his doggie nose underneath an armpit to stick it close to the face of the child. For the first time since Liberty arrived, Alex and David heard the boy speak, in whispers, to the Daschund mutt, cuddled with him under the sheet.
"He can talk!" David exclaimed excitedly, after they'd backed from the room.
Liberty had never been face licked by a happy dog. Pets were not allowed where he'd grown up-it was too unsanitary and, besides, he had "allergies."
A few mornings later, the silent and frail child, with the ridiculous amount of white hair and the bald spot the size of a fist on one side, came to the breakfast table. He sat opposite David and Alex, eyes so pale blue as to be almost white as well. Goo sat at his feet.
Pulling from his pocket an inhaler, the odd boy shook it and took a puff from it, holding his breath for a few seconds until his face turned a brilliant red. "That's for the full benefit of the medication," he explained, although no one had asked.
The other two just stared, breakfast spoons held in suspended animation as they watched the strange morning ritual.
"Hello," Liberty greeted them as he exhaled, his eyes enormous behind his wire-rimmed glasses.
"Hey," they replied in unison and watched him closely.
The very small, strange boy poured a bowl of Dollar Daze cereal into a bowl and ate it dry. "'Cuz, I'm lactose intolerant," he explained.
"That's some seriously crazy hair," was all Alex remarked.
The boy shrugged and all three went back to their breakfasts.
In this fashion, Liberty became the third musketeer to join the group. When he did speak, Alex and David were shocked and delighted at what finally came out of his mouth. Furthermore, once he started talking, he never stopped. He was brilliant, a genius really. Nobody else in the world knew it but Alex and David, and no one cared. In very short time, the three were accomplices for life-inseparable. Every day for them, no matter how mundane, was an adventure. "There's no such thing as just another day," was one of Liberty's favorite sayings, and in the unlikely atmosphere of The Home, a family of three-four if you counted Goo-was born. In the midst of marginal food, questionable hygiene, and even worse structure, they flourished in a remarkable way. From then on, they were never very far apart.

* * *

That is why it was so unusual when this August morning, for some reason, Alex sprinted back to the woods?alone. This was very unlike her. Sometimes she still liked to pretend she didn't need anyone, but she never ventured out into the day without David and Bert anymore, until today. Something about yesterday caused her to wake much earlier than usual today, and away she went without looking back.
Goo, who generally had more energy in the early morning than at any other time of the day, bounded from Liberty's bed and trotted after her. He seemed thrilled that somebody wanted to be up as early as he liked to be, and he had all the splendid anticipation he could muster on his sweet doggie face. His wide, muttly grin indicated he thought there might even be delicious snacks to eat and wonderful things to smell. Minimally, there was no disputing he was ecstatic that Alex might want his company! The only thing that would have made it better would be if Liberty were up, too. Still, the little dog couldn't resist an adventure, and so after her he went.
Alex started to tell Goo to stay then thought better of it.
Goo hesitated and sat with all the appeal a wiener dog could muster in his eyes as though hoping that perhaps a friendly four-legged mongrel would be welcome this morning.
"Here Goo, come on boy," she finally encouraged him, slapping her thighs gently.
The Daschund bolted toward her and happily loped along behind, ears lifting and falling much more effortlessly than his short legs did, and followed her into the woods.

* * *

When Liberty awoke, he lay in bed, staring at the bottom of the top bunk mattress. Sleep still had a marginal hold of him, but he was faintly aware something was different. That's where Alex slept-on the top bunk. He had to allow this because he was too short to jump up there, and the ladder had been lost two yard sales ago.
David and Alex laughed outright as Liberty tried again and again to leap onto the top bunk. It was no good. He could hook one bowed leg up onto the mattress but would struggle, grunt, and flail, ultimately falling to the floor with a thud. He finally had to resign himself to his failure?and the bottom bunk. He would've given anything for such a splendid vantage point, having been up there once before when David had given him a boost.
But, alas, it wasn't to be. Alex rubbed it in a bit, vaulting up easily and hiking herself on top with one cool movement. Liberty, in a rare moment of frustration, called her a stupid imbecile then tried to correct his own double meaning. She laughed so hard she drooled by accident, and it nearly landed on Liberty. Then they all laughed until their sides hurt.
It turned out okay after all. He got to kick Alex in the butt when she was obnoxious, and because it was so much effort to jump down and pound on him, she seldom retaliated more than verbally which, by the way, she was very good at sometimes.
This morning, however, he didn't see the familiar droop that was Alex's body on the thin mattress overhead, and he thought to himself for a groggy few seconds that she must have slid off the top bunk very quietly. It nearly always woke him when she hopped down. He wondered why for about half a second, and then he remembered the spaceship.
Liberty had no trouble deciding this was what they'd seen yesterday. After all, Sherlock Holmes, a personal favorite of his, said it so elegantly to Watson at least once, "How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?" Even Star Trek's famous first officer, Spock, had re-quoted that gem on occasion.
"Damn," Liberty exclaimed aloud to himself. That was about the extent of his use of profanity, and rare enough as it were. He believed strongly that profanity was used, "?when you're too stupid to engage in intelligent repartee." David dumbly agreed, then admitted to secretly looking up "repartee" in the dictionary later. Alex had, in a good natured way, told him with aplomb to, "Fuck off." That one had set them all off in hysterics. Perhaps, she didn't always have a way with words, and she routinely swore only mildly, but one couldn't argue her timing, and the F-bomb was dropped perfectly.
Liberty shot out of bed the instant he realized where Alex had gone and poked David twice in the chest before running to the bathroom.
By the time he got back, David was sitting up on the side of his bed. "What's up?" He glanced around the room, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
"Get up," Liberty said flatly. "She's gone."
There was no need for him to elaborate any more than that, and they both bailed into the same clothes they'd worn the day before, only today David pulled on his sneakers. They ran for the kitchen and paused only long enough to grab a few essential provisions for the day-Oat-ee-O's, dried oatmeal packets, and a bag of Homeland Cheese Puffs. None of it was expensive, none of it was nutritious, but it was foster food at its best.
They drank deeply from the kitchen spigot before filling their dime-store canteens. There was no juice at The Home, and milk was forbidden except on cereal. David poked a hole in the Cheese Puffs bag, squished the air out so it would fit, and stuffed it down into Liberty's backpack while his friend drew up his morning insulin.
"You'll make em' go stale," Liberty said, as he tapped the air to the top of the insulin syringe to clear it.
"Well, then I guess we'll just have to eat all of them, won't we?" David grinned. They would for sure be in trouble for that.
Liberty grinned back, just a bit nervous for breaking the rules. He admired how David was able to do it so effortlessly. It Roxy or Hog caught him, there would be hell to pay.
Liberty pulled up his Come to the Nerd side-We have pi, T-shirt, and jabbed himself in the stomach with his morning injection. He'd found the shirt at a yard sale and tried to impress his friends with the "score of the century" when the lady sold it to him for a quarter.
"You need me to stick your ear?" David asked.
The boys were up well before anyone else in the house and talked in whispers.
Liberty usually checked his blood sugar first thing in the morning, and ears were much less painful to stick than fingertips, especially over time. "No, it's okay. I feel good this morning. I'll eat something in a little while and it'll be fine," he promised. He was a type I juvenile diabetic, had been since the age of three. Sometimes, David stuck his ear in the morning for his blood sugar check. It was the kind thing to do. Alex tried to once, but ultimately couldn't bring herself to do it again.
Finally, David stuffed the zip-locked baggies of Oat-ee-O's and the dried oatmeal packets on top of the squished Cheese Puffs and hiked the backpack onto Liberty's thin shoulders, looking at him to make sure the backpack rode well.
Liberty shoved his glasses farther up on his nose with one finger and nodded that everything was fine. "We need to hurry. If it comes back?" He trailed off, unwilling to hazard an explanation of the risks associated with a confrontation with aliens.
David hoisted the canteens of water, crisscrossing them over his own shoulders.
Liberty watched him sideways; he knew why he did this. The canteens were heavier than his own backpack full of dried foods, so David took the heavier load. Liberty was, intellectually speaking, unmatched pound for pound. Physically, however, Alex said that he couldn't fight his way out of a wet paper bag, and she wasn't so far off with that observation.
Truthfully, Liberty would never need to fight, not as long as David and Alex were with him. They would take on the worst the world could offer before they would allow him to get picked on, not that he didn't have to take his share of knocks from them. But they would level the playing field with the devil himself if their friend was ever threatened.
When they were satisfied they could make it to nightfall without starving, David asked, "Ready?"
Liberty gave him a thumbs up. "Yes, captain! Make it so!"
"Huh?" The Star Trek reference was completely lost on David.
"Never mind?let's go find her!"
The boys leapt from the back porch and sprinted for the woods. Hiking the way they'd gone yesterday, they backtracked their walk home from the sighting of the day before. A half hour passed, and neither of them talked very much, which was unusual for Liberty. He sensed an urgency about the day, as though something was going to happen, but he was undecided if that something would be good or bad. He did believe that whatever it was, Alex would be in the middle of it, and if she was, they would be too.
Alex was fast as quicksilver. Liberty knew this, and he thoroughly respected her for that, so she obviously had a good jump on them. He also knew David was faster than Alex?barely. When the two of them raced, David would try to make it look easy but later admit to Liberty how hard he really had to work to beat her.
One more thing Liberty knew-he could scarcely run. He was chronically weakened by his asthma, and with the dry, dusty Kansas summer, it was nearly impossible for him to run very far. This morning he tried, but David had to rate himself for him. It made Liberty feel bad that they had to slow their pace. "Go ahead, Dave. I'll catch up."
"No worries. What's she gonna do? Get beamed up or something? You know they'd have about two minutes of her and send her right back down." He shot a look back over his shoulder and grinned.
Liberty knew David's instinct was to go wide open until he was breathless, lungs burning and raw, to catch up with Alex and make sure she was okay. Nevertheless, his friend wouldn't leave him behind, and so the two boys jogged-walked, slowly, through the woods, allowing the gap that Alex had on them to widen as the morning went on. David was quieter now, and Liberty knew he was worried.
"Do you think she's okay?" David finally asked, as the woods got deeper and they were forced to slow down to a walk.
"Why wouldn't she be?" he panted. "It's not like the aliens are going to come back for her. That would just be plain stupid since we've seen them and all." He tried to sound nonchalant as he added, "It wouldn't be the best choice on their part."
In actuality, he was worried. Liberty recognized the folly of believing that the Earth was all there was to the universe and intelligent life. He'd tried to talk to David and Alex about such things as the "God Particle" and "black matter," but they'd abandoned his lecture for a replay of Christmas Vacation on TV.
Liberty sincerely believed aliens could come and, perhaps, had come in the past. He was also not entirely convinced humanity would necessarily be kind when they did, given how easily humans tended to disrespect other species along the way.
They carried along in silence again. Liberty was ready for a break, sweating and tired, and just about to complain about the backpack when they topped another wooded hill, starting the drop down into the hidden meadow.
"Are we there?" The hillside just then appeared somewhat familiar to him. "I didn't realize we came so far yesterday."
"Yeah, just about."
Now they slowed even more and started to call Alex by name. Their calls echoed loudly down the valley, and the forest birds hushed. As they got nearer to the bottom of the hill and closer to the little meadow, they heard a screeching response.
"Shut up you idiots! You're gonna disturb the peace already!"
Liberty smiled at Alex belting out her greeting so loudly for the whole world to hear. When they finally reached her, she was sitting cross-legged on a patch of dirt and absently chewing on a twig.
"How'd you know I'd be here?" she squinted her eyes at them when they came into view.
"Where else would you be?" Liberty answered quickly. "This was the spot where we quit looking for that corn snake you wanted." He grinned at her, pretending like he didn't know why she'd really come back to this spot. "Figured we'd just start up where we left off."
She ignored him, glancing back at the meadow.
David plopped down next to her and wordlessly passed her a canteen.
She would be thirsty by now, and sure enough, Alex drank deeply before swiping her lips with the back of her hand and handing the canteen back to him.
Liberty wrestled out of his backpack, taking a seat on her other side. Pulling out the instant oatmeal packets, he handed one apple cinnamon to each of them. "Breakfast of champions." He smiled.
They ate silently for a bit, licking their fingers before dipping them into the packets. Chewing on each bite until the dried oatmeal flakes became softer and easier to swallow, they savored the simple fare. They knew if they ate slowly enough, it would swell nicely in their bellies, giving them a good, full feeling.
"So what are you two doing here?" Alex finally asked, crinkling up her empty oatmeal packet and presumptuously stuffing it into the front pocket of David's button down shirt. Squinting into the sun as she peered up at him, the early light made the freckles on her nose stand out even more. A few strands of hair escaped her rubber band and stuck in sweaty tendrils to her neck.
"Waiting," was all David pulled the crumpled packet from his pocket and threw it at her head.
"Mmm-hmmfff," Liberty agreed, still chewing.
Then, they sat for a spell doing just that?waiting.
It was nearly an hour later and Goo was snoring, leaning heavily against Liberty's leg. David reclined on a grassy clump of dirt, his ball cap pulled down over his eyes.
"Look!" Alex exclaimed loud enough to make them all jump.
David shot into the sitting position, and Liberty scrutinized a full circle around himself.
Goo only opened one eye, then shut it again. Evidently he was used to sudden, ridiculous outbursts from Alex.
There was no ship, no blue beacon or sleek orb descending upon them. What there was, instead, was Liberty with his hairs sticking out again, just a bit.
Alex reached up to plaster it down with both hands, and back up the strands floated the second she let go.
They were silent, all three of them. David and Alex couldn't take their eyes off Liberty's hair. This time, it wasn't funny. They sat stock still, afraid to move as though they knew something was going to happen.
Liberty trembled a bit as the strange electric sensation from the day before returned.
The chilly breeze swept across them again, and it gave all three goose-bumps, even though the day was turning hot.
By then, Goo was bothered as well and leapt up, darting to the middle of the meadow where he proceeded to bark overhead at absolutely nothing.
Reaching out to David and Liberty, Alex clasped both by the hand with a hard grip that almost hurt Liberty. They couldn't see it?but they knew it was back.



CHAPTER FOUR
?

Isara had wakened Blalok, hounding him mercilessly until he finally gave in and followed her to the bridge.
"Put Star into the atmosphere, where we were yesterday. I want to see the meadow," she demanded, sinking into a levi-chair and cradling a fresh cup of tea with both hands. She pulled her legs up under herself and blew the steam from the top of the mug.
"Quit bossing me. I haven't even had breakfast, and I know what you're thinking." He plopped into his own chair. "And don't you think we should tell Sartek?" he protested, but maneuvered the ship out of orbit all the same.
"It's reasonable; we still need to harvest. Might as well be the same spot," she countered.
"Might as well not," he replied wryly. "You know what happened down there yesterday only complicated things, and now you are asking me to do something that could mess things up in an even worse way." Even as he argued his point, he managed to swing the ship from eastward over the North American hemisphere. "And you're bossy in the morning?by the way," he added.
Isara ignored him, taking a sip of her tea and peering instead at the forward screen. The graceful arc of nighttime receded in front of them as they soared from Earth's Pacific Time zone eastward. It was midmorning in Kansas.
The Star swooped lower into the stratosphere of the beautiful blue, white, and green planet, dropping to a cruising rate to match its rotation. Isara played with the monitors for a bit, passing her fingers smoothly over the controls. The screen zoomed in and brought into view not just the continent but the select region and few specific square miles of the small meadow where it had happened yesterday. It was a small forest that came into view on the forward screen, precisely the spot they'd been when their veil had been accidentally turned off.
Blalok glanced around quickly to make certain that Cleo wasn't nearby this time. The chakrat grinned, stomping her tiny, clawed feet in happy anticipation when she met her master's glance. She was sitting safely in her invisible kennel track. "Good girl?" Blalok praised her, then he added under his breath, "Better than Isara."
Just then, Sartek walked onto the bridge. "We're not going back there," he said with finality and took his seat in the captain's chair.
"Yes, we are," Isara countered almost immediately.
"No, we're not! It's too dangerous-there's no reason."
Blalok remained neutrally silent.
"Listen to me," Isara insisted, leaving her tea and hopping up from the chair. "We have all the reason in the world to go back! If something happens-if we lose the Star, we need something else?someone else." She gestured toward the meadow, swinging her arm wide.
"We won't lose the Star!" Sartek argued. "It's not going to happen!"
"You don't know that!" Isara shouted now. "And if something does happens, what then, Sartek? What do we do?" She stood with her hands on her hips. It made her look much older than her thirteen years.
Blalok started to open his mouth.
"And you shut up." She pointed, glaring at him.
He closed his mouth, watching the two thoughtfully. It made him edgy when Isara got like this. It usually meant she was going to be irrational, and he would lose. Logic would fly out the window, and a stronger force-one he couldn't explain or dispute-would be victorious. Now he interrupted. "She's right," he stated flatly.
"I said?" Isara stopped, mouth open, before she finished her thought. She seemed genuinely surprised that Blalok didn't stand by Sartek. "I am?" she asked cautiously.
Blalok spun around in his chair. "Yes?you are, even if you are obnoxious. And there is no denying that you are." He couldn't resist the opportunity to point this out, not after she'd bossed him this morning, but he turned his attention directly to Sartek now. "We don't know what this galaxy holds in store for us; we can't know. If something happens-and it is statistically only a matter of time before something does happen, to the ship or to one or more of us-we have no back-up plan. It is unwise to be without one. Isara is correct. We should go back."
Sartek was incredulous. "Our backup plan is that we get rescued! We continue to harvest until they find us!" He jumped up, pacing, his dark locks swinging smoothly each time he spun about.
Blalok stepped out of his chair and walked over to Sartek, looking earnestly up at him. Taking him by both arms, he stopped him, holding on as he spoke his mind. "Sartek, they will not find us. We can harvest forever?but they will not."
It was shocking to hear someone say it out loud; no one ever had.
"Don't say that!" Sartek cried.
But Blalok held firm. "No, Sartek-it won't happen!"
"Blalok-" Isara began gently.
"No, Isara! It's true, and we all need to quit acting foolishly. We need to realize and accept this. They will not find us." He let go of Sartek and stepped away, up several of the Bridge steps, so that he was more eye to eye with his two friends.
They stared dumbly at him as though not sure what to say.
He took a deep breath. "The technology to recreate the black plasma in the exact configuration that we were swept into does not exist. It would be like recreating the movement of an ocean, wave for wave, swell for swell, molecule for molecule, exactly as it had occurred at any specific moment."
His words were not meant to be unkind, but the terrible realization of what he was saying seemed to paralyze Isara and Sartek.
Blalok glanced away, to the screen and the lifelike image of the little meadow below them. "Neither we, nor they," meaning the families they'd left behind, "can re-create what happened to us. It would be like controlling the universe, atom per atom. That power doesn't exist?we are not Gods." He looked back at his friends again. "We are lost, and there is no way back." His words fell flat and cruel, even though he didn't mean for them to be so.
Isara and Sartek stared at him, both too dumbfounded to speak. They'd held onto a glimpse of hope, the smallest belief that something could be done.
Blalok had all this time believed, without a doubt, that there wasn't anything that could be done. However, he'd never verbalized it before. He'd chosen, just then, to drive it home. In a way, he'd been the strongest of the three, and just now he'd decided they were strong enough to hear it as well. His effort was to sincerely do good by his friends.
He stood very straight, shoulders back, as he swept an arm toward the screen. "The worlds we seek are our salvation now. This is our hope, our new destiny-like it or not." These were startling words, coming from a Bettuan child so young.
His friends appeared thoroughly stunned.
Stepping back down from the steps, he approached them, gazing kindly from one shocked expression to the other before settling on Sartek. "It makes perfect sense to stack the odds in our favor, Sartek. We could use a few allies. I'm sorry it is so unpleasant, but you needed to hear it." With that, he returned to his computer console to monitor the Star. "Now, if you will excuse me, I have some work to do."
Pained silence settled upon them as the awful horror and reality of Blalok's analysis sunk in. It was hard to say what was worse: the awful truth that he'd unleashed or the sobering way he'd laid it all out. Either way, it was a crushing reality and had shaken the other two thoroughly.
Isara rested a trembling hand gently on Sartek's arm, her eyes tearing up, "Sartek, Blalok's not always right." That in itself was seldom true, and they both knew that. "I still believe that-"
"Don't, just?don't?" He shook his head violently, hands clenched, and turned away from her.
She blinked back tears, hands to her mouth, and started to turn her frustration on Blalok.
It was just then that Blalok exclaimed, "Hey, Look!"
All three focused immediately on the main screen. Plastered across it was the exact meadow they'd been harvesting in the day before. There on the edge of it rooted the small creature that followed the three Earthling children yesterday.
"It's a pet," Blalok said matter of factly.
Isara glared at him.
They stepped closer to the 3-D screen as though they might step into it, as if that would help them see it better. A mere moment later, the female Earthling stepped openly into view. It was almost as though she was standing right below the bridge of the ship.
No one said anything. They were paralyzed, as though if they moved she would disappear. They just stared, silent, as the Earthling walked tentatively into the quiet meadow. She appeared to look up, right at them.
It was unnerving, and Sartek took an involuntary step backward. "You don't think it can see us, do you? Like, I don't know?some sorta power or something?"
"You're stupid," was all Blalok offered.
Suddenly and for no reason, the Earthling lifted a hand, waved gently, and then glanced around to find a patch of clear ground. Flopping down onto the dirt, she crossed her legs, and appeared to be settling in for a while. She was still looking at the eastern sky and, without knowing it, right at the Cerulean Star, which was hovering veiled, approximately twenty-three miles up and away from her.
The dog continued to root around close-by.
"What's it doing?" Sartek asked.
"It's digging around for something," Blalok answered.
"No, not the pet-the Earthling."
"She," Isara corrected. "It's a she."
"How do you know that?" Sartek began.
"I concur," Blalok answered. "That one appears decidedly female, and as I indicated, I believe that to be her pet."
The three of them watched her, bringing the screen in close enough to observe the expressions on her face.
She just sat there, scratching in the dirt with a stick, chin resting in her other hand as she chewed on a long blade of grass. All the while she looked at the sky. The animal, finally having identified all the nearby smells to its apparent satisfaction, came over and plopped down next to her, its back against her thigh, stubby legs sticking out straight.
Sartek was the first to say something. "That's just weird."
"I know?it's so fat," Blalok replied.
"No, the way she's just waiting."
"Okay. So what now?" Isara asked.
"I don't know." Blalok continued to consider the scene below. "But I think we should communicate somehow. It would make sense to first study them for a bit, get a sense of their level of intelligence, their motivation for peace or war."
"They're kids, you said. I don't know many kids who wage war," Sartek remarked sarcastically.
"Bettuan kids, maybe, but how many alien kids have you met? And obviously you've never read The Kingdom of the Lost Ones. In it, a troop of kids organize and-"
"She's not here for war," Isara interrupted him. "She's here because she knows we're here too."
They watched Isara walk over to the navigation console and manipulate the controls until the Star started a slow and arcing descent over Missouri, toward the tiny corner of Kansas, sweeping ever closer to where the Earthling sat. They stopped about a mile above and continued to observe.
"Look, there!" Blalok pointed at the screen again.
The two male Earthlings emerged from the woods-the taller, dark haired male alongside the frail one with the skinny legs and white hair. They sat down, either side of the female and appeared to share food and water with her.
"They seem to be friends, like us," Sartek observed.
"Yes, they do, and they also seem to be waiting for something," Isara noted.
All three of the Earthlings were now casually pondering the sky above them.
The Bettuan allowed more time to go by, to observe the aliens below. Nearly an hour lapsed and still the three Earthlings seemed unwilling to leave their station. They appeared to be doing?nothing. Occasionally they would gaze toward the sky, especially the female, and sometimes would lie back and shield their eyes with their hands.
The small creature with them would sometimes rise, nose about the periphery a bit, but always returned to the side of the white-haired one.
"Let's move in closer," Isara finally suggested.
Surprisingly, Sartek nodded his agreement.
Blalok took the Star down even closer, easing it slowly into the meadow.
As the ship approached the clearing, and the very spot above which it had hovered the day before, the smallest Earthling's fine white hair started to stand on end again. This time, the three didn't appear so taken with amusement; they seemed much more serious about it.
Their little pet roused just then and loped to the middle of the clearing. It looked up at absolutely nothing and started to bark, running in small circles, apparently not willing to allow the sensations of the day before to visit them again.
All three of the Earthlings stood up at once and stepped closer to the clearing, though not so near as the small animal ventured-not leaving the safety of the tree line.
"What now?" Sartek asked.
"I'm going down," Isara announced and summoned an advancement suit.
E-I complied, and moments later, she was slickly outfitted in the suit.
"You can't!" Sartek insisted. "Isara, you don't know what they'll do. They could be dangerous!"
She paused, again laying a hand on Sartek's arm. "Yes, they could be. Or, they could be friendly. I choose to believe they will be friendly." She finished securing the suit, grabbed two translators, and moved toward the shape shifter.
"Wait?I'm going with you," Sartek said and called out to E-I for a suit of his own.
"Sartek, you need to stay." Isara held a hand up at him. "If it does go poorly, Blalok will need you. The Star will need you."
It was true. There were certain traveling procedures that required at least two of them onboard. The Cerulean Star wasn't designed to be a single-being vessel.
"She's right?again," Blalok added straight up.
"Will you stop saying that?" Sartek shot back then refocused on Isara. "Then I'll go."
"Nope. It has to be me," she insisted.
He grabbed her by the arm gently. "How does that work? Explain that to me?"
"I dreamed about her, Sartek. I just know. It has to be me."
This was a very meaningful thing for Isara to disclose. Her grandmother had been a "dreamer." Most Bettuan did not dream at all. There were a rare few, however, who did, and those dreams were significant, almost like prophesies. The trait frequently skipped a generation. Isara's mother did not dream, but Isara did.
Both Sartek and Blalok realized the importance of what Isara just told them.
Sartek folded his arms across his chest, rubbed his eyes with his thumb and index finger, and shook his head. "Okay?you go. But the signal will be both hands up if you get into trouble. Three minutes and I bring you back. No exceptions." Then he added, "I wish we had a weapon."
The Star had weapons but was never built as a tactical vessel. All of the offensive mechanisms aboard the Star were defensive mechanisms, and fortunately of these the vessel had many. In space, it would be nearly impossible to overrun the ship. Dry-docked, however, the Star was vulnerable. Worse, off the Star the Bettuan were woefully unprotected.
"I'm going with the intention of establishing communication," Isara scoffed. "A weapon would seem to defeat that purpose, don't you think?"
"I'll suck you back in a heartbeat if you get into a fix," Blalok assured her. "Trust me-years of playing Frigate Brigade will not go to waste!"
They all smiled at that, and Sartek had no doubt that Blalok was as good as his word.
"Just keep an eye out. Three minutes, then bring me back." Isara snugged the catch at the throat of her shiftsuit and summoned two translation devices before stepping to the shift module.
They all exchanged glances for a moment.
"I'll be okay-we'll be okay. This is the right thing to do."
They all ultimately agreed this was so, and Isara was enveloped in a swirling sheet of light. Seconds later, she was gone.



CHAPTER FIVE
?

The vapidation increased to an intensity even greater than yesterday. All of them experienced the musical electricity that seemed to bathe them all over, and even David's thick black hair was standing on end. Goo was going nuts, barking and running in crazy loops in the middle of the meadow.
The three never saw the vessel as it never did unveil. What they saw, instead, was a small and upright form that slowly appeared as an oily shadow above the grass, down farther in the meadow.
David blinked hard to make sure his eyes weren't playing tricks on him. Alex was frozen, her mouth hanging clean open. Liberty was clutching her arm like a vise, without even realizing it.
The oily form slipped and shimmered, finally solidifying into a silvery glow, then settled gently onto the grass, flashing brilliantly as it took its final form.
Goo quit barking and sprinted to a safe position behind Liberty's leg.
What they saw left them speechless-well, mostly speechless as Liberty mumbled, "Well, I'll be a monkey's uncle."
"Shh!" Alex scolded as the alien walked carefully through the meadow toward them. "It's our first impression. Be polite!"
The creature stopped in front of them. It did not move, made no attempt to advance or retreat; it just stood there.
David then took what Alex said to heart. "Hi. He's not really a monkey; he's a Huh-yooo-man."
"Oh, for Christ's?David, shut up!" Alex hissed and turned swiftly back to the creature before doing a half curtsey, half bow.
"Way to impress them," Liberty rolled his eyes. "'Cuz that's a real human custom they're likely to see a lot."
Alex ignored him, addressing the creature instead. "Hi there. We're?humans."
"Slick," David quipped.
The alien tilted its head to the side in a peculiar way, as though to hear them better. It was hard to read the expression on its face. They'd never seen anything like it before. No one had ever seen anything like it before.
With the midday sun filtering down through the forest leaves, the features of the alien were very obvious. Its ears were close to the sides of the creature's head, smooth and streamlined against the skin, which was the palest lime green-smooth as the pretty little catfish Alex spared the day before. Large, dark eyes-a glistening turquoise-flashed at them. There were no lashes but a paler green lid blinked only rarely because there was a second, clear eyelid that covered the eye as well. The pupils were shaped like cat's eyes and narrowed very effectively in the bright light of the meadow.
Its nose was longish and flat, the mouth finely shaped, small and delicate, with very thin lips. Hair hung down, charcoal gray in heavy, slick strands, each almost as thick as a pencil. It glistened iridescent and was blunt, all the same length at the shoulders, and appeared wet, although it wasn't. It swayed all together in a weird way when the alien moved. The creature was tall, almost as tall as David, lithe and lean, but gave the appearance of subtle strength.
"It's?beautiful," Alex murmured.
The alien appeared comfortable standing on terra firma and reached a hand up to gracefully touch a small device in its ear. Then it spoke, murmuring something in a voice that was music like and unintelligible, as though to itself. In its other hand, it held a looped, round device, delicate and wire-like, with no obvious opening. The alien also wore one of these loop devices around its neck. Shining a deep, rich orange like living copper, it lay smooth against the green skin and delicate bone structure of the alien's neck.
The creature spoke again, in that song-like voice, looking slowly back and forth between the three before settling its stare on Alex. Then it did a remarkable thing. It took a step forward, toward Alex and held the device out to her.
All three of the humans were frozen in place at the unexpected gesture.
"No!" David took a step toward Alex.
The alien glanced at him briefly, its brilliant eyes flashing, before returning its attention to the female human.
Alex started to tremble. She reached out to take the device from the pale hand of the alien, noticing, as it released it, the fine, almost transparent webbing between its fingers-five of them, just like her. She didn't know how to unlatch the device.
The alien gestured with both hands for her to pull firmly, anywhere on the ring.
Alex did just so, and the ring separated.
"Alex, what are you doing?" David exclaimed as she started to slide the device up and around her neck. "You don't know what that thing is!" He reached toward her as though to stop her, but it was too late.
The device was looped around her own neck before anything could be done about it. It appeared to move of its own accord and sealed itself with no evidence of a catch.
David let go of her arm and stepped back but focused on the alien. "Please?don't hurt her."
The ring hung down like a fine choker necklace, cool and smooth beneath the collar of her This is what awesome looks like T-shirt. Almost instantly, Alex's body went rigid. If she could speak, she would have told them that her head felt lighter, as though it were weightless upon her shoulders. Her eyes flew wide, and her mouth fell open into a silent "Oh" at the effect. She remained rigid, hands clenched at her sides.
"Don't worry; it's only temporary, while you adjust," the creature spoke, clearly and softly, with that same sing-song voice.
It spoke the truth; the effect diminished almost immediately. "You understand me." Alex reached up to run her fingers along the smooth loop around her neck.
"Now I do. It's a universal translator. I couldn't be certain it would work for you, so I'm pleased that it did."
Alex replied, "Can they??"
"No. Only you can."
"Oh, I see." Then Alex's face brightened. "I'm Alex. This is David, and this is Bert." She indicated her friends each in turn. "And that's Goo. Well, Magoo, but we just call him Goo."
The alien seemed to take all of this in. "I am Isara. I am from Bettua."
"Isara," Alex murmured the name out loud. She couldn't take her eyes off of the visitor, and finally, in pure Alex style, she cut straight to the matter at hand. "Why'd you come back?"
The alien appeared to give this question very thoughtful consideration, pausing before she replied. "I don't know?exactly." There was another long pause before she said, "I think we were meant to meet." She gestured with an outstretched hand, sweeping it toward Liberty and David as well.
Alex was surprised and pleased by this. "Destiny!" she announced and grinned widely.
"Hmmm, Blalok would call it that-or a logical decision."
"Blalok? Are you a kid? Is he a kid?" Alex asked almost urgently.
Isara very nearly smiled at the question but took another moment to compose an explanation. "We are juveniles."
"What do you mean, juveniles? 'Cuz we're kids." She motioned to David and Liberty.
The two boys remained frozen, mesmerized by the interchange between Alex and the alien. They were only able to understand half the conversation and had to conjecture what the alien's replies were.
"Where's the grown-ups?" Alex looked up as though she might see them at any moment.
Isara seemed a small bit uncomfortable at this question and never did reply, for as she opened her mouth to answer, she slipped into the silvery shimmer of a few minutes before and disappeared.
"Wait!" Alex grasped at the empty space that Isara had just occupied. "Wait! Come back!" she called again, her hand outstretched as though she might pull the alien out of thin air.
The static in the air slowly diminished until the three humans felt alone once more.
Goo crouched beneath a bush close by, nose on his paws as though that would be the most prudent spot to wait this silliness out. He didn't seem at all pleased by the recent return of the strange sensations which likely played havoc with his sensitive doggy ears.
"What happened?" Liberty and David asked her, both at once.
"They're aliens-kids!" she blurted out, "And I think that one's a girl, but maybe she got in trouble and the grown-ups sucked her back!" Alex was talking so fast that it was hard to keep up with her.
"Whoa! Whoa, slow down!" David said.
"Kids?" Liberty asked, ignoring David. "Like us?"
"Yeah! Like us!" Alex exclaimed, hardly able to control her excitement. "At least I think they're kids. She, Isara, called herself a juvenile."
"Her name is Isara?" Liberty was completely awestruck.
"Yeah, I asked her where the grown-ups were, and that seemed to set her on edge." Alex flipped her hands, palms up. "That's when she disappeared."
"Is that how you talked to her?" he asked, pointing to the ring still hanging around Alex's neck.
"Yeah, when I slipped it on I could understand her just fine." Alex pulled the ring from her neck now. It took a bit of tension, but ultimately the invisible fastener unhinged, and the ring came loose in her hands. She fingered the soft, smooth object that Isara left behind, then handed it to Liberty.
Bert turned the ring over in his hands. It was warm, of its own accord, and sleek-smooth like velvet, and shiny like gold, only he doubted that it was. The color was almost transparent, rich and warm like honey, and it appeared to give off light of its own accord.
"I wonder why she left?" he asked, looking back to the spot where Isara had disappeared.

* * *

On board the Star, a similar conversation was taking place as Sartek and Blalok watched the smallest human fumble with the translator ring.
What the small human with the white hair didn't know was that the metal wasn't only uncommon, it was very uncommon. The metal was mined from Bitta, sister planet to Bettua. There was little else on Bitta; it was virtually a big rock of solid ore, and had become exclusively a mining planet. The ore was called Vasteen, and it was very light, like titanium, but nearly fourteen times as strong. It was also the primary component of the Star, beneath the Helium outer shell, and the Rayze would kill for it. Millions had succumbed to the vicious efforts of the Rayze to control mining of Bitta and its precious ore.
"They're juveniles, just like us!" Isara announced excitedly.
"No, they are not like us," Sartek stabbed at the screen. "They are aliens."
"Technically, you are incorrect," Blalok interrupted. "That statement can only be accurately made for their perception of us. We are the intruders, and we've intruded upon their galaxy, after all."
This seemed to give Sartek reason to pause. In the nearly two years that they'd been lost, he'd never thought of himself as an outsider-as not belonging. He more considered himself an unlikely visitor bent on finding his way home. Until now, the rest of the universe was the uninvited one. "Huh?" he muttered thoughtfully, perhaps seeing himself in a bit of a new light. "That's true enough, I guess."
Sartek was the most headstrong of the three. His stubborn streak sometimes created obstacles, but more often it lent itself to strength, and Isara and Blalok naturally looked to him for leadership. The three of them were most of the time perfect together. Blalok, with his exceptional and sometimes tiresome intellect, Isara with her uncanny intuition, and Sartek with his leadership made for a perfect star hopping team. Their inherent cohesion helped hold them together through the devastating past couple of years, and it gave them good direction now.
"Okay, so they're like us-sort of. What next?" Sartek asked.
"I think we should go back down, two of us maybe, and spend a little more time with them," Isara suggested. "It just makes good sense to develop this first contact."
"Count me out," Blalok stated with finality. "Don't get me wrong; I agree, we need to establish contact. But, if it's all the same with you, I will mind the ship. I appreciate the idea of connecting, but I do not feel good about leaving Star unattended. And just so you know, I am not keen on being the only one aboard, if and when something happens."
"Fair enough," Isara agreed. "And don't worry; nothing is going to happen." She faced Sartek. "So?back down we go?"
"Yes." He turned to Blalok. "But keep the Star over the meadow. We'll walk to the tree line. If something happens, get out of here as fast as you can. Okay?"
"I will monitor you closely the entire time," Blalok promised. "And try not to do anything stupid."
Sartek glared at him but said nothing. He and Isara stepped toward the shift module. Seconds later, two images shimmered into shape in the center of the small meadow.
If Isara appeared tall and thin, for a thirteen year old Bettuan, Sartek was the opposite-taller and athletic. As it would turn out, he and David would stand exactly eye-to-eye; well, on most things anyway. The two glanced about, shielding their eyes from the bright sun before seeing the three humans lingering on the fringe of the trees. They walked toward them, over to the edge of the meadow.

* * *

The visitors held two more of the rings.
David and Liberty exchanged nervous glances as the aliens approached.
Alex had already taken her ring back from Liberty and hastily slipped it back around her neck when she saw the aliens re-materialize.
The two Bettuan walked straight up to them and immediately held the additional rings out to Liberty and David in turn.
Liberty took a collar from Isara and bobbed his head dumbly, a big grin on his face. He was completely astounded by the reality of standing before an alien life-form and was indeed captivated by her. Try as he may, however, he was unable to read the alien female's reaction. She seemed reserved, perhaps, but he wasn't sure. He slipped the collar on, pulling it apart as he'd seen Alex do, and instantly experienced the same effect that she had earlier, only he nearly staggered as a result of it.
Alex reached out and grabbed him by the elbow. "You okay?" she asked softly.
"Yeah-just lost my footing there for a minute, I guess." Liberty wasn't what most would consider coordinated. Physical tasks were always just that-tasks-and phys-ed at school was no education at all, only a ridiculous exercise in brutality. That didn't matter anymore, though. David and Alex would always be there to bolster him up.
Even so, Isara's eyes narrowed. "Are you sure you're all right, Liberty?"
That was, he thought, the most beautiful word he'd ever heard spoken. The alien murmured his name in such an eloquent way that his heart felt suddenly very full. All he was able to do was nod.
Meanwhile, David was accepting a collar from Sartek. Liberty watched him stare long and defiantly at the male alien's face before accepting the loop.
The male alien was larger than the female-his eyes a darker and more brilliant emerald green. There was also an obvious serrated ridge that ran from his forehead, up and over the crest of his head; something the female did not have. He met David's gaze clearly and fearlessly, holding onto the ring collar just a few seconds longer than was necessary before releasing it to the human.
It was a good moment, a strong moment, and David barely smiled when Sartek finally let go. Without breaking eye contact he lifted the ring up toward Sartek's face as though to say, "I'm doing this because I want to-not because you want me to."
"Why do you hafta' be so stubborn all the time?" Alex elbowed David.
This might have amused David, except that just then, as he slipped the ring onto his neck, he immediately became too rigid and disoriented to reply. He also appeared to be trying hard not to pee his pants, his body assuming the universal "I gotta pee" cross-legged semi-squat, as the translator equilibrated to his system. Finally, he struggled to right himself. "Son of a?"
It would appear that the stronger the human physiology, the more dramatic was the adjustment to the rings.
Now all five of the children wore translation collars. As the temporary sensation of adjustment to them passed, the children, worlds apart, came together in an unlikely and wondrous instant.
Alex was the first to speak. She gazed calmly between the two visitors before asking straight up, "There aren't any grown-ups, are there?up on your ship, I mean." It was a statement, not a question.
It seemed to surprise Sartek that she was so straight to the point.
Isara glanced at him before taking the initiative to answer, "No, there are not."
There was a long pause now, and Liberty considered this interaction carefully. He was the first to recognize that the five of them had something in common-something sadly and wondrously in common. It occurred to him that the visitors had probably chosen them, that there was a design to their meeting. He thought it wasn't nearly so much an accident as one might believe. This brought to mind Alex's birthday of the day before, along with the wondrous moment when they'd first seen the ship.
"Yesterday was my birthday," Alex offered abruptly, as if reading his mind.
Isara and Sartek appeared to contemplate the significance of this.
"Hi, I'm Liberty." He shook his head toward Alex. "She's thirteen now. David is too, almost?I'm still eleven." He was just a small bit embarrassed now that he'd said it.
"We are thirteen," Isara replied. She seemed a small bit confused about the importance of establishing their ages but then dismissed it as though deciding it might simply be a tradition.
Sartek remained noticeably quiet; so did David.
Isara added, "There are three of us. Our ship is here." She gestured, sweeping softly with one hand to the empty meadow behind her.
"Where?" Liberty was suddenly very curious.
"It's farther down in the meadow, about fifteen meters up. It's veiled." She said it almost as though that should be obvious.
"Sweet-a cloaking device!" Liberty stepped happily into full fledged nerd mode.
The two aliens both nearly smiled.
"You're not here because you want to be, are you?" David asked, very seriously.
All fell silent, and the awkwardness lingered.
Sartek spoke for the first time now. "No, we're not." His voice was also very musical, but not singsong as Isara's was.
His was more like the echo of wind in a canyon, Liberty thought.
Isara regarded him sharply before answering for him. "We were in a?" She hesitated. "An accident-an event of sorts. It has placed us in your galaxy." She glanced at Sartek, evidently uncertain whether to continue or not.
He nodded gently.
"We don't know how to get home." She scuffed the toe of her boot in the dry grass. This was a big statement, a huge disclosure. David, Liberty, and Alex said nothing. Little did Isara and Sartek likely realize how completely their new companions did understand.
"I was in an accident too," Liberty disclosed just then. "So were they, kinda'." He motioned with a hooked thumb toward his friends. "We can't get back either."
Whether David and Alex comprehended what Liberty was trying to say was uncertain, but it was a pivotal statement and seemed to genuinely surprise the Bettuan. Isara and Sartek glanced at each other again.
Liberty wasn't sure, but he thought they almost shared an expression of relief. Yes! It was so! Nothing in his life had ever felt so right to him, that the five of them should be standing on the edge of this meadow, speaking their first words of acquaintance. This was no accident. This was destiny! It was meant to be; he was sure of it!
The moment lingered in a perfect way. It felt warm and safe to him, and he thought it must be so for the rest of them as well. And of this, he was spot on.
Just like that, a human-Bettuan connection was born. This was an extraordinary event. It was also very short lived?

* * *

The stealth modified AH-64 Apache helicopters swooped swiftly over the trees and down into the meadow like a swarm of angry bees. Their blades chopped the air like woofing dogs, and there were so many so fast that within seconds they dotted the sky above and around where the Cerulean Star remained veiled. Without the knowledge that the ship was there, impact was imminent.
The episode of the afternoon before, when Cleo inadvertently unveiled the Star, had not gone unnoticed as the children first believed. On the contrary, it had been intercepted by the military as an energy blip that wasn't identified as familiar by any count. As a matter of fact, it was critically unfamiliar-not remotely identifiable as covert military chatter from a non-ally, neither had any meteor of critical size been charted entering the atmosphere, nor was there even any registered seismic activity to explain the bizarre energy field that had been intercepted by the government designated space-watch agency. 
The brief unveiling of the Cerulean Star had created a significant energy rift and an even larger stir amongst several very great powers, though none of the kids were aware of this.
Meanwhile, still aboard the Star, Blalok was completely engrossed, intently watching the engagement below and recording the vital first contact interchange between Sartek, Isara, and the Earthlings. This interaction could carry very significant historical import, and he endeavored to capture it accurately. He was most intrigued with the smallest one, the one with the strange hair.
As a matter of record, Blalok could hear the translated conversation from below, and was so utterly engaged with it that it simply hadn't occurred to him that the Star might be suddenly approached and vulnerable from an alternate direction. This was very unlike Blalok, but he was, after all, only twelve years old and susceptible to a rare lapse. This one was his rarest, best ever.
The aft sensors picked up the swarm of helicopters, but the Star hadn't interpreted this as a problem until the mass of them approached at such a rapid rate, directly toward the ship.
When planet-side, and in space for that matter, there were many such objects-insects and birds for example-which approached the shields of the Star almost continuously. These creatures were ordinarily gently diverted, and little harm is hardly ever done to them, other than mild surprise.
However, as the helicopters drew so swiftly near, and their mass was calculated and interpreted by the Star's sensors as non-organic, and significant, it was quickly determined that their velocity and sheer size created a much different probable outcome for them. Consequently, the Star interpreted it as perilous, not for the Star, but for the approaching objects.
As the ship made this determination, it suddenly alarmed Blalok of the impending collision, and he was taken so by surprise that he openly berated himself for his own recklessness. "Spawn of a mud sucking leech!" Jumping into action, he hastily summoned E-I. "Analysis-hurry," he demanded.
"Impact imminent," E-I advised without hesitation.
Blalok knew immediately what E-I meant. There were two possible scenarios for the helicopters. He could do nothing, and if they hit the shields with such force, they would be instantly reduced to particulate matter, just as a meteor might.
Maneuvering away was also very complicated for the airspace directly above the Star had been so immediately confined with the swarm of helicopters that lift off would most certainly result in shield absorption of one, if not several, of them. Even if it ascended slowly, the periphery of the Star's shields would immediately immobilize any of the flying craft as it manipulated them to the edge of its border. This would undeniably result in terminal trauma to the much smaller, more fragile helicopters as their flying mechanisms were disabled. They would then be left to the cruel effect of the planet's gravity, plummeting to the Earth and their own doom.
Neither of these outcomes would be good for the helicopters or the creatures aboard them.
Maneuvering the Star lower and across the meadow was also out of the question-it was so thickly dotted at various levels with more of the mob of flying hellicraft, and ground vehicles were rapidly moving in as well.
What Blalok reasoned almost immediately was the Cerulean Star could leave, and that it would certainly survive unscathed, for its shields would protect it, but the smaller earth-craft would not survive. And Blalok more critically realized that the helicopters would certainly be carrying more of the Earthling creatures.
In a moment of complete calm and insight, he reacted as any Bettuan should, but few would be so straightaway capable of. He refused to endanger them, even without knowing whether or not they were hostile. This was called "principal fiat" on Bettua. Harm no other, especially a less sophisticated species.
He reasoned that the Earthlings, or hyoo-mans as they called themselves, were obviously less sophisticated, for they were certainly less evolved. And so, he had no reservations that he would try, at all costs, not to harm them.
Blalok realized, beyond argument, that he, Isara, and Sartek were the visitors on this developing planet. Consequently, Earth deserved to evolve without their meddling and interference, even if it resulted in the ultimate sacrifice of the ship. This very young Bettuan was a scientist first, and despite his tender years, would never compromise his scientific integrity. It was a very clear and defined moment for him as he made an insanely critical decision. He unveiled the Star.
This was very bad for them but also very good for the humans. The closest Apache helicopter, which was just about to collide with Star's aft force field, veered abruptly away at the last, desperate instant. Instead of being absorbed and disintegrated into a billion tiny bits of matter that would fall harmlessly away from the Star, it shuddered briefly, shaking horribly in the effects of a distal margin of the Star's energy field.
The massive blades of the helicopter buffeted up and down wildly, and the little vessel swung violently back and forth. After a terrifying span of what seemed like forever to Blalok, it was finally able to right itself and back away, narrowly avoiding disaster. All of the other hellicraft stopped almost immediately where they were, as though suspended like so many black origami cranes. They hovered motionless for only a second, however, before moving in to quickly surround the Cerulean Star on all sides. Then, almost instantly, suspension cables were being dragged over and around the vessel.
"Great," Blalok muttered to himself as chaos ensued. He ran his hands like lightening over the main control console and, in a matter of seconds, shut the Star down completely. The elegant blue ship lost all of its exquisite detail. What had been the stunning, jaw dropping shape of a drop of water about to fall from a leaf disappeared, and was replaced with an amorphous orb. Gone were the luminescent stripes that radiated and ran the length of it, like on the belly of a great whale. The Star was instantly transformed as it sank into drone mode. It was then, for all practical purposes?hibernating.
The ship's transformation happened in the blink of an eye. The Star flashed briefly and brilliantly before assuming a milky white, shimmering aura about it. It lost its form and became a floating, glowing Mentos Mint, with no obvious front or back, and most critically, no access point.
Below, standing on the edge of the meadow in the tree line, Isara and Sartek were staggered by the sudden paralyzing turn of events. Sartek gasped, an expression of horror on his face. Isara was obviously stricken as well.
Naturally, they both turned to run back to their ship.

*  *  *

It was Liberty who first recognized the horrible disaster all of this would create. He knew what the swarm of helicopters meant, knew what a terrible turn of events this was. Isara and Sartek would never be allowed to re-board or even approach the vessel, and he knew that under no circumstances would the alien visitors survive being captured. If that happened-if their new friends were taken-the aliens would never see their beautiful ship, or the light of day, again.
Liberty was an accomplished, self-taught student of military and government conspiracy theories, and he pulled on his greatest resource and instinct to step in just now. Leaping into the edge of the clearing, he lunged, grabbing Sartek by the arm. "No!" he yelled, just sharply and urgently enough to make Isara and Sartek hesitate. He was surprised at how strong the alien male was, but held on tight. "No! Don't, Sartek, don't go out there!"
"Get off me!" Sartek yanked his arm free, eyes flashing wide and terrified. "You betrayed us!"
"No Sartek! We didn't. Please don't go out there. You won't survive; they'll kill you!" Liberty pleaded with him.
The alien staggered to a stop as though not fully comprehending what the human was saying, but something seemed to give him pause.
Just then, at this critical and awful moment, it was David who did something that was both reckless and brilliant. Quite suddenly, he sprinted away from his friends, faster than he'd ever run in his life-as fast as his legs would carry him. Straight out into the meadow he ran, directly beneath the white blob that was now the hibernating ship.
Liberty, Alex, Isara, and Sartek were left stunned, mouths agape, as they watched David rush across the meadow toward the sickening invasion. He was waving his arms violently and yelling at the Apache helicopters that were almost entirely swarmed about the glowing, white disc. "Hey! Hey, you up there! I'm an alien! I'm an alien!" David screamed at the top of his lungs as he bolted for the far side of the meadow, drawing attention away from the four kids that remained on the other side.
"He's insane!" Alex choked out, aghast, and started to step after him.
"He's awesome," Liberty shot back, grabbing her arm before she could follow. He comprehended immediately what he was doing, and David was, in that instant, a hero to him. He thought that he would have given anything to be that brave. "Now come one, before it's all for nothing!" He dragged Alex back to cover.
It was a bold and foolish move, what David did-an extreme sacrifice. It also had the desired affect in a superb way. All military attention was instantly focused on not only the spaceship, but the dark haired creature running zigzagged, toward the opposite woods. Every Apache helicopter directed its nose toward the new target. After all, he could be an alien.
Now, as though finally recognizing David's strategy, Alex grabbed Isara by the hand and yanked her roughly back into the deeper cover of the woods. "C'mon! This way-hurry!" She gestured frantically for them to follow.
Liberty waved Sartek back into the trees as well. "Stay under cover! We've got to get out of here, right away, before they bring out heat-seekers!"
"But, the Star!" Sartek cried.
"You can't!" Liberty pleaded urgently. "You don't look human. If they see you, they'll shoot you; or they'll capture you. Either way, you'll never stand a chance!"
"They would kill us? How do you know all this?" Isara's eyes were wide in terror at the dawning realization of this wretched side of human nature.
"He's brilliant," Alex shot quickly. "If he says it's true, chances are it is."
The Apaches were so nearby, Liberty could feel the thump-thump of the rotors in his chest. He'd never been that close to a powered up military helicopter, and he thought it was an awful, unnatural sound as though they would be terribly overcome and shredded to bits at any moment. "C'mon," he insisted, stepping farther back into the forest. "We have a hiding place. It's safe. We can hide out and figure out what to do next."
"But your friend?" Sartek asked about the human who'd just sacrificed himself.
"Yeah. That seriously blows-but David'll be okay. Don't worry. At least, he does look human. Chances are, they won't shoot him." He dragged Sartek even farther away from the meadow before adding, "They'll hold him for a while, but then they'll have to release him. He'll find his way to us; I'll make sure of that." To Alex, he whispered, "That was really brave of him, by the way."
She nodded, but her expression didn't indicate she was entirely convinced of Liberty's evaluation of David's fate.
In truth, Liberty realized that he might never see David again, but now wasn't the time to think about this. There were more pressing matters at hand; they could still hear the buffeting of the helicopters' blades, and so back away from the meadow they continued to sneak as fast as they could.
As they retreated, he felt bad for Alex. She'd always been just a little bit more critical of David, perhaps as a means of keeping herself from admitting how much she truly cared about him. Liberty knew she loved them both, only with David it was?different. It seemed like it was more difficult for her to be vulnerable with David.
Now, Alex was obviously struggling to control a total freak out. He'd seen this happen to her only a few times before, but had come to know the symptoms. And, the present situation was the perfect storm. After all, it was Alex who'd negotiated the reconnect with two aliens, and because of this, David was suddenly, perilously gone. She'd come to the meadow today specifically for this, and would likely feel responsible for whatever happened now. Yep-Liberty figured that would be just about enough to put her over the edge. Only now wasn't the time to deal with that either. The best thing to do was to run-fast.
"Hurry," Liberty panted to Alex, trying to distract her from thinking about David. "You're faster than me, take them and go. I'll catch up."
"No!"
"Alex, you have to! You need to get them to the cave safely, or else we're all screwed!" Liberty knew what he was saying was the truth, and yet all he could think about was the image of David sprinting like an Olympian across the meadow. It made him smile to think his friend just might give the soldiers a decent run for their money. Nobody at school came even close to catching him in football if he got the ball. It was a done deal as far as anyone was concerned.
"I'm not leaving you!" Alex tripped ahead, in the lead, but refused to desert him.
By the grace of mother luck-Liberty always said that it was better to be lucky than good-the kids left on the ground weren't discovered, and they snaked their way silently and urgently through the woods.
Alex and Isara ran very fast, Alex clutching Isara's hand as they went.
When Liberty started to drag and be left behind, Sartek grabbed his hand and charged along after the girls, literally dragging the much smaller human boy behind him through the forest.
"You're really strong," Liberty panted as the alien male yanked him along at breakneck speed. Goo struggled to keep up, running his doggie heart out.
Sartek ignored him and ran on, their feet pounding the dry forest floor as they went. In truth, Sartek's wordless efforts at making sure Liberty made it too reminded him of David. This was something David would do.
Their flight was frenzied. It seemed as though it went on forever. Liberty believed that at any moment they would be discovered and caught, that the helicopters would swoop overhead to spotlight them, just like in the movies. This was an awful feeling, almost like when he just couldn't run up the unlit stairs fast enough as he imagined Jack the Ripper on his heels, only this time the stairs never ended.
They ran harder than they'd ever run before, and Liberty thought Alex's feet flew faster than they ever had; even Isara could barely keep up with her.
Sartek held strong onto his hand, almost crushing it as he dragged him along. Liberty's heart raced, partly from the run but mostly from the fear of being caught. He tried hard not to think about the ship and the two kids left behind. Just when he thought he could endure no more, thought he would trip and sabotage all of them, they miraculously reached the cave.



CHAPTER SIX
?

When he'd sprinted across the field, David's intent had been to attract enough attention away from his friends to have the Apaches come for him, to let Isara and Sartek escape with Alex and Liberty into the woods. He knew Liberty would have recognized this immediately. Alex would realize it only a few moments later, because, well, she would worry about him first. This made him feel oddly happy for just a second.
When Liberty stopped Sartek and Isara from running into the meadow, persuading them all to retreat into the canopy of the woods instead, they'd been unaware of David's final fate. Their flight didn't allow them to see what happened next.
As David ran, the Cerulean Star slipped from hibernation mode just briefly enough to engulf the sprinting boy in a shift beam. In mid-stride, David shimmered and disappeared?right in front of the U.S. Government Navy Seals Squad Twelve.
David was still running when he was snapped up by the shift beam and deposited onto the bridge of the Star in an upright pool of something akin to shimmering jello. When his form solidified, he lurched forward, nearly face-planting. Awkwardly, he flailed about, finally catching his balance. Staggering, he stood with his feet wide, hands straight out to his sides to steady himself.
"Whoa," he exclaimed, regaining his balance. The sensation of shifting was incredible. He compared it to the almost asleep feeling, when his body was oddly detached and his muscles would jerk in bed like he was an idiot. He thought that if you could imagine it happening while trying to float in ginger ale, you might understand what shifting felt like. He gazed around slowly, eyes as big as, well, flying saucers.
The bridge of the Cerulean Star was like nothing he'd ever seen or imagined, and certainly not like any sci-fi movie he'd ever watched. He looked cautiously about, not knowing what to expect. His very first thought was that he wished Bert was there to see it with him. It was without a doubt, the coolest thing he'd ever seen, and he'd just had his first look at an alien only minutes before!
Everything was varying shades of green or blue and seemed to have a biotic life to it. The computer surfaces glowed gently and the toggles were not sharp and black at all. They had the appearance of being soft, as though they would move in a pleasing way if you touched them, like a soft cooked egg. They were almost exclusively round or oblong in shape, and shimmered a luminescent white. The chairs, if you could call them that, were smooth and vaporous, and they floated.
Demanding attention immediately was the enormous forward screen. It appeared wet, like a fish tank only without the glass, and it wrapped nearly half way around the bridge. The images displayed on it were not two dimensional-they were three, presenting a vivid depth as though you were looking right out of a window. It made the scene raining down upon them seem even more terrible.
David slowly righted himself and dropped his hands to his sides. He was still recovering from the weird, bathing in seltzer sensation of space shifting when he noticed someone sitting in one of the chairs. He squinted. This was obviously another alien, but?different.
The two just gazed at each other without saying anything.
"H'lo," David offered awkwardly as he tried to plaster a friendly expression on his face.
This alien resembled the other two; there was no doubt it was the same species, but it was much smaller than the others. Its eyes, however, were larger. And this one, despite its slighter stature, had a more calculated look about it. There were ridges that crested from forehead over the top of its head and down the back of its neck, barely separating the smooth black ropes of hair down the center of its head. There had been ridges on the other male Bettuan, the one below-Sartek he'd called himself, but they were not as evident on this one.
The alien just stared at him then swung around in his chair, his back again to David. He said something unintelligible to somebody named E-I, and another one of the translation ring devices materialized on the counter. David was still wearing his.
The alien reached over and slipped the device about his own neck before turning back to David with a demeanor that could only be described as nonchalant. On the screen behind him swarmed pandemonium as the angry Apache helicopters jockeyed for strategic positions. The network of cables which now draped the Star were horribly visible, like fine, black slices across the screen.
"I'm sorry-you were saying?" the small male asked almost politely, altogether ignoring the siege outside.
"Hey," was all David said, his eyes darting back and forth between the alien and the screen.
The alien hesitated, then followed his visitors lead. "Hey." After another awkward moment, "Well, now that we have that out of the way, that is good."
The comment came across as almost flippant, although David wasn't sure that was really the intention. He was taken aback a small bit by the alien's over-composed approach, and so he countered, "Well, so not all aliens are tall then."
This didn't really have the desired effect on the alien. It was a lost stab at gentle sarcasm, and it fell flat. David couldn't know that this alien was very literal-exceedingly literal.
The Bettuan simply blinked, expression unchanged. "I am one point three meters tall. The average height of my species at age twelve, my age, is one point five four nine meters tall."
David just stared at him.
"Yes. I'm shorter than most. Is that pertinent to your data?"
"You remind me of someone." David was still unable to figure this one out.
"Excuse me?"
"Nothing?never mind." He indicated the screen. "We have a problem, Houston."
"Blalok," he corrected him, of course missing the joke entirely. "My name is Blalok." He shot a brief look back over his shoulder at the screen. "But, you are correct. We do have a problem." He swung back around to face the screen but peered sideways, studying his human visitor closely. "It was reasonable to bring you aboard. I was monitoring your conversation below, and I recognize that you are not an aggressor." He gestured toward the screen. "It remains to be seen regarding them, however."
David grinned. Blalok did remind him of Bert, if Bert suddenly had an attitude, but the urgency of the moment erased the smile on his face, and he stepped closer to the alien. "Those aren't friends, Blalok. That's the government-the military, and we're in serious trouble. I'm not sure what to do about this, and I swear I didn't know this was going to happen." He tried to sound convincing.
"Hmmm, yes, I've determined that." He shot a glance at David again. "What you did down there; it was very?logical."
David thought he was going to say "brave." In essence, he had.
"My name's David."
Blalok gave him what could only be a wry expression. "I've already gathered that from your introductions below." He brushed the opener aside, focusing instead on manipulating a few of the controls. "We need to observe and gather data. Then we can formulate a plan." He indicated the levi chair next to him.
David, still not certain what to make of his unusual host, eased into the chair. His eyes shot open with surprise when it conformed to him, molding around him, supporting him evenly from every angle. It moved like a second skin, supplying a temperature to match his own, and there were no apparent pressure points. "Nice!" he exclaimed. "Sweet ride!" He spun the chair in a complete three sixty. "Wish I had one of these for gaming!"
Blalok toyed with a few more toggles, his demeanor somewhat suspicious as he maneuvered the ship's controls with both hands. "You are a gamer?"
"Yep-love it. I don't have a system or anything, but it's awesome. You've gotta meet Bert, though. He's the best-owns it, especially quests. I like the first person shooters better." David thought just then that the alien may have been amused by this, but he wasn't sure.
Blalok seemed to take this in. "The white haired one; I would have guessed that," he murmured, perhaps more to himself than to David. Then, as though having forgotten protocol entirely, he blurted, "I am pleased to make your acquaintance."
"Me too!" David exclaimed, shoving a hand out to shake.
Pausing, both hands still on the controls, Blalok only stared at David's outstretched hand. He shrugged and shoved one of his own smaller hands out toward him, but neglected to grasp and shake, just left it hanging in the air for a half second before returning it to his task.
David kept his hand out. "No-you shake it. It means we're friends. You gotta do the deed."
Blalok seemed to think carefully about this, tipping his head back as he swiveled in his chair so that he might observe the human more closely. Finally, he lifted a hand and took David's, shaking it almost gingerly. "Alright then; friends, I suppose."
The alien's hand was warm in his, which surprised David. From his appearance, he'd assumed his skin would be cool. "Alex would crap!" He grinned.
"Pardon?"
"No-I mean, Alex would be so excited that we've met. She's the best. But?" He glanced at the screen. "I'm not sure they know I'm aboard your ship."
Blalok said nothing in reply to this.
The screen, meanwhile, was very busy. The Apache helicopters had them virtually surrounded, and ground vehicles were quickly moving in. It was remarkable how efficiently the military could mobilize heavy artillery and ground forces. All personnel appeared to have one goal-to organize a draping net of cables, evidently with the intent of securing the vessel. This wouldn't be easy. The Cerulean Star was perhaps small by starship standards, but by Earth vessel standards, it was the size of a small cruise ship.
"They're trying to contain us," Blalok noted matter of factly.
"Just fly away," David offered. "They can't contain this!" He gestured around himself with genuine awe.
"Negative," Blalok replied flatly. "If we lift off, we will almost certainly cause casualties."
"Yeah-so?" He snorted. "In case you haven't noticed, they're not exactly friendly!"
To this, Blalok seemed surprised. "Not acceptable! This was my fault. I?" He shifted uncomfortably in his chair. "Was neglecting to adequately monitor our periphery."
"First contact," David crossed his arms. "This was your first contact, wasn't it?"
"Yes, the first contact. And I was distracted, caught by surprise." He almost seemed embarrassed, swung his feet slowly. "I've gotten us into this, and I will not harm your species getting us out."
David thought for just a moment before agreeing, "Yeah, I guess some poor soldier always bites it in situations like this." It was Blalok's confession that made him consider this, and he was thinking about Alex's brother when he said it. "Can't you just destroy the nets?"
"Not really, no. This ship-the Cerulean Star-is designed to avoid substance, not destroy it."
"What are you saying?"
"It means we're not an assault vessel. However, that doesn't make us necessarily vulnerable. If we remain passive, they can approximate us-put material close to us and against us. They can even move us, if they so choose, but they cannot actually make direct contact with the Cerulean Star." He glanced over his shoulder at David, seeming to regard the confusion on the human's face, and tried again. "Our shields will hold. They cannot breach our hull."
"You mean if they launch a bomb or a rocket or something at us, they can't hurt us?"
Blalok seemed surprised by this question. "Well?no, not unless they placed the Star in an extremely confined environment. They don't have the weapons technology, but it would displace us, quickly."
"Like how quickly?"
"They can blow us up, or try to. The Star's hull would absorb the impact, but we would move somewhat, perhaps very fast."
"And we get scrambled inside, like eggs?" David seemed genuinely mortified by the possibility.
"No, uh-uh. It wouldn't be comfortable, but the Star would release gravity from any bio-organic object and shield our floating bodies until the impact passed. There is no scenario where the Star wouldn't do this, unless we approached something as powerful as, say, a star going super nova, which would just be?stupid."
David just stared at him, entirely bewildered by Blalok's composed demeanor.

* * *

For just a second, Blalok was reminded of the terrible event, two years before, when the Star was swept into the galactic tsunami. They'd tumbled violently, but the most horrifying part to Blalok had been the sickening groan the Star let out, almost as though it was in pain. Well, and then he'd vomited inside the emergency suspension bubble, which he also found extremely unpleasant.
His expression was vacant and far away, but then he refocused on his unexpected guest, the human called David. "It wouldn't be pleasant, but we would survive. Why, might I ask, would they 'bomb' us?" He gestured, peering at the screen, still alive with angry hornets.
David stared at him blankly for a second. "Uh-because they can?" He shook his head at his host as though to indicate everyone knows that.
"I see-primitive hostiles."
"Yeah, pretty much. It's how a lot of the grownups on this planet think."
Blalok nodded again.
"But not all of them are like that; don't get me wrong. There's a ton of really awesome ones who would be totally stoked about you and your friends, but they're not necessarily the ones that collect the bombs."
"Normal evolution of a species," Blalok remarked, more to himself. He directed the conversation back to David. "But, if it makes you feel better, the peaceful ones usually prevail in the end."
David spun another three-sixty in his levi chair. "I like you, Blalok. You're all right. So, what's the plan, captain?"
For some reason, the human's cavalier approach annoyed the Bettuan a small bit. It also surprised him, all of a sudden, how much the human reminded him of Sartek and he was surprised by the pang of worry that nipped at his subconscious. "We observe." He remarked simply, indicating the forward screen. "And I'm not a captain."
"I get it-know thine enemy."
This pleased the smallest alien. "Yes, exactly. Reciprocal victory?Partek Bassima," he informed the human a bit smugly.
"The Art of War, Ancient Chinese dude," David corrected.
Blalok smiled at this.
David grinned widely back at him.
The two turned together, toward the screen to watch and observe?and to formulate a plan.



CHAPTER SEVEN
?

The Cave wasn't exactly a cave. It was more of a small rock formation, a huge formation by Kansas standards but small nonetheless. It produced a tiny hidden cliff edge with a significant overhang. Tucked neatly into a hillside, it was entirely surrounded by trees. Scraggly brush grew out of the steep wall of rock and dirt above it, effectively obscuring the little cavern from almost any angle. If someone didn't climb right up to it, they would never know it was there. That's exactly how it'd first been found by the kids.
Alex, who was prone to climbing to high places already, was scrambling up the steep hillside, trying to reach a branch that hung almost vertical. She'd explained that she was going to use it to monkey swing across to another branch dangling from an adjacent tree.
David and Liberty were standing below, holding their hands up to shield the overhead glare when she disappeared, right off the face of the cliff. Just poof! Right into thin air!
"You gotta see this!" She screamed, then peeked right out of nowhere as though the side of the cliff had grown a small girl's head. Waving enthusiastically, she motioned them up.
That was how the cave was first discovered, and the reclusive getaway offered splendid hours of adventure to the children. It was a fugitive hideout, prehistoric man's first home, and the Bat-cave, all in one glorious afternoon. It provided the stuff of childhood that one remembered in the last moments of their life. It was perfect.
They'd also used it on more than one occasion as a true hideout when the stress of living at The Home grew too much. Once, Alex announced to Liberty and David that she was tired of "Mrs. Shitonus and her dickwit sidekick." She then waltzed into the living room and announced to Roxy and Hog that the three of them had an invitation to a kid's spend the night. Never mind such a thing had never even once happened for a kid at The Home.
That night, the three camped in the cave. David even made a small fire on the cave edge, testing his precious flint and steel for real. They toasted hotdogs and ate them without buns. That was the first of many campouts in the cave. Roxy was never so prudent as to confirm something like a spend the night with other adults, and Hog couldn't possibly care less.
Now, with two aliens in tow, the cave would provide its most important shelter ever. It hid the four frightened refugees perfectly. Even their bodies were shielded from the overhead heat seeking, infrared radar scanners, equipped aboard the helicopters, which were scouring the area from overhead at that very moment.
The path up to the ledge was rocky and not well marked. Fortunately, Alex and Liberty had crawled up it often enough that there were natural handholds, created from exposed tree roots and rocks.
Isara and Sartek followed them easily. Scrambling as fast as they could, up, up they went, and after a short bit, the exhausted foursome crawled over the small ledge and into the seclusion of the cave.
Sartek was kind enough to carry Goo up in David's backpack. He'd tossed it to the ground just before his amazing sprint across the meadow, and Liberty explained that was how Goo usually got up into the cave, via David. He was the only one strong enough to carry living dead weight like Goo, and it was simply unacceptable that the dog would not go with them.
All of them were breathless when they finally crested the edge. They clambered for the obscurity of the back of the cave and just sat for a bit, catching their breaths and steadying their nerves.
The cave was decently outfitted. The few natural larger rocks and one folding chaise lounge chair-a great score from the dump, made for plenty of seating. There were also a half dozen old blankets and a fairly healthy pantry of snacks-cheese crackers, cocoa puffs, and even a jar of peanut butter. However, even though it was mid afternoon, none of them, perhaps with the exception of Goo, were hungry.
Sartek glanced about, dark green eyes flashing in the subdued light of the overhang. He was still breathing heavily, but said nothing.
Isara was also silent. She only stared meekly out the cave entrance up into the canopy of leaves and branches. Liberty motioned for her to come away from the edge. "Safer back here, for now, anyway."
Both the aliens wore what could only be perceived as true shell shocked expressions.
Alex chose to plop right down onto the ground and dropped her head into her hands, her elbows resting on her knees. "Oh my God-what are they going to do to David?"
"Alex, he'll be okay," Bert attempted to comfort her. "As soon as we-"
"What will they do! Will they try to destroy it?" Isara spun to face Alex. "What if they get Blalok?and David?" Her fear was tangible. "Will they kill them?"
At that question, Alex's expression was stricken. "No! I mean?Bert? Will-"
"No!" Liberty answered her immediately. "No, Isara, that won't happen. For one thing, if you have the technology to travel between stars, it's my guess that there's no way they'll easily penetrate the hull of your ship with our primitive weaponry. That just won't happen."
"How can we know you are speaking the truth? How can we trust you?" It was Sartek's turn to voice his concern, and he was visibly angry.
Isara was close to tears now. "This is all my fault! I did this." She looked over at Sartek and shook her hands as though she could shake the haplessness of the situation away.
Alex rose to her feet and reached a hand toward her but didn't touch her. "Isara, nothing is your fault. You were just trying to meet somebody friendly after getting lost and all." She made light of it. "Any of us would have done the same thing. There's nothing wrong with that. It's nobody's fault, except maybe those assholes in the helicopters."
Liberty cringed at Alex's truthfulness but couldn't dispute her evaluation. "And even though your ship is captured, the government can't hurt it, not right away anyway. That's what we have to focus on."
"What do you mean?" Isara's eyes shot even wider, flooded with hopeful expectation.
"He's right," Sartek piped in. "If the Tsunami didn't destroy it, it's probably safe enough for now."
"Tsunami?" Liberty asked. "You guys were caught in a Tsunami? Like dark matter? Of course! It makes total sense!"
"To you maybe," Alex rolled her eyes.
Sartek took a few minutes to explain in simple terms what happened to them nearly two years before. He seemed unwilling to go into painful detail.
Liberty was fascinated. "I totally get it! That could happen! The likelihood has to be next to impossible, and the odds astronomical, but-"
Alex coughed and shot him a sharp look. "Shut up with the science-fest, Bert." She hiked her head toward the Bettuan. "And this is all really educating, but the bigger question is will they take the ship somewhere? And what if they water-board David-try to get him to talk or something?" Her growing concern was evident in her wavering voice.
"They won't water-board David! You can't torture kids. It's not legal." In reality, Liberty believed that they could and would torture kids, but was only saying this for Alex's benefit. He chose to keep this notion private for now.
"Where will they take them?" Alex pressed.
"Hutchinson," Liberty answered almost immediately.
"Where?" all three asked at once.
Isara and Sartek sat down and leaned in to listen more closely to what he had to say.
"Hutchinson?it's not far from here. Top-secret underground military facility, kinda' like a Kansas NORAD." He said this as if they should all know what NORAD was.
Sartek and Isara regarded each other blankly.
"Bert?" Alex did nothing to disguise the frustration in her voice.
"Oh, right-sorry. NORAD stands for North American Aerospace Defense Command. It's cut two thousand feet into the side of a mountain in Colorado. Super top secret, run by the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, Coast Guard, and even Canadian Forces. It's super secret lockdown."
This information still appeared to mean nothing to the other three, and Liberty thought hard, trying to put an explanation into words that they might more easily understand. "Hutchinson is kinda' like NORAD. It's lock-down classified and a central hub to other strategic areas of operation in the government. It's not as technologically decked out as NORAD, but it's less known. And it leads to other underground facilities, like the one in Denver and, of course, NORAD in Colorado Springs."
"How do you know all of this?" Sartek asked, and then answered his own question. "Oh, I forgot; he's like Blalok."
"Who's Blalok?" Alex finally wanted to know.
"He's the third one of us, back on the ship," Isara motioned toward the sky, even though the ship was no longer there. "He'll know what to do. We just have to find him."
"That's not the only reason the military will take the ship there," Liberty explained further. "Hutchinson has the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center."
"So?" Alex asked simply.
"That facility is a cutting-edge aerospace science and history museum and one of only two museums entitled to restore used spacecraft-the other being the Smithsonian." He included Sartek and Isara in his explanation, and his voice was like a dead weight with the gravity of it now. "They will have the technology and intellect close at hand to evaluate your ship. But I'm worried about that's 'cuz once they wind up with the Cerulean Star firmly in their grasp, they'll have the knowledge to study it."
Liberty couldn't maintain eye contact just then and pulled Goo closer into his lap. "They will take it apart-will try to rebuild it and use it to learn what they can. That's when the military will step in and have the biggest say, using the technology for defensive purposes as much as they can. Unfortunately, that space center will just enable them to do it that much faster."
"That would change your planet," Isara spoke softly.
This moved Liberty greatly, that in such a terribly vulnerable moment, the alien was concerned most about his planet, his home. "Yeah it would, and not in a good way. It would be too much too fast. Most likely it will catalyze a final world war over the technology. It would be infinitely catastrophic."
"The one with the most toys in the end wins?" Alex asked.
Liberty nodded.
"And we all lose." She spat on the ground.
"There is no way this can happen!" Sartek was unstrung. "We can't let this happen!"
"It won't, Sartek. I'm not going to let it happen," Liberty stated flatly, looking up from stroking his dog with an expression of perfect resolve. "I may be just a kid, but I do know a thing or two about strategy." He tapped his temple with his index finger. "And I may be well below the poverty line, but I'm not without resources. Most critically, it's not everyone who has a straight link with the aliens who own the ship." He held his hand out to his new friend.
This prompted a small look of confusion and relief on Sartek's face.
Liberty gestured, his hand still out. "Please trust me. I will do anything and everything I can to stop this. Anything?"
The alien finally took the human's smaller hand into his own, grasped it firmly, and they shook.
"How do we get to this Hutchinson?" Isara asked.
"It's not gonna be like wandering into the ball," Alex interjected. "It's probably locked down tighter than a hooker with a?" She trailed off when Liberty shot her an admonishing look.
"What she means is we have some work ahead of us; this isn't going to be easy. But before we can do anything, we need to make sure Hutchinson is really where they're taking your ship, and I'm pretty sure it is. Then, once we know, we need to contact it-formulate a plan."
They all agreed that a plan was in order and settled down to put together a primary strategy. Hutchinson wasn't far away, but the kids had no ready form of transportation. Furthermore, Liberty suspected there would be a major lockdown by the military on whichever route they chose for drag the Star to the base.
Matters were further complicated by the fact that they needed to get back to The Home, at least for tonight. He needed insulin, and it wouldn't do to alarm anyone of their absence just yet, even if those anyone's were as dumb as a Roxy and Hog. He was painfully aware that once they were discovered missing, and word got out, they would be on a ticking clock. That would stack the odds against them. As brilliant as Liberty might be, he knew they lacked the resources that adults commonly possessed, and the small advantage of time was precious to them.
Alex and Liberty hastily explained the circumstances of The Home to the aliens, and by three o'clock in the afternoon, they were all four hiking directly northwest, out of the woods, and toward the small heart of Erie. They needed to catch a bus for the little town of Pittsburgh, Kansas.
"Why Pittsburgh? Why we goin' there?" Alex squinted skeptically.
"'Cuz Pittsburgh has a train, and we need to jump a train?and you can help us do it." Liberty shot her a knowing expression before explaining to Isara and Sartek, "The KCS railway will follow highway forty-seven, right up to Hutchinson. We'll be able to scout for road activity along the way. It's our best shot of locating your ship."
"But won't we be noticed?" Isara wondered. "I mean, we're not exactly going to fit in."
By now they weren't far from the edge of the small town of Erie, and running out of significant cover as the tiny forest dwindled from around them.
"Yeah-we need to disguise you two up a bit," Alex suggested, glancing over at Liberty. "A quick trip to the Bargain Barn, and nobody on buses will notice or care. Plus, there won't be anybody else on the train to worry about. We'll pick a freighter and jump a boxcar." She grinned big. "It's practically foolproof!"
Isara and Sartek regarded each other as though not at all convinced of the reliability of the plan, but they had no better ideas and couldn't dispute their new friends' enthusiasm.
"Don't worry." Alex had great intuition sometimes and was likely picking up on Isara's reservations. "Bert and I won't be long. I promise. Just hang with Goo and we'll be back quicker'n Jack Flash."
Isara could not know the reference, but nodded anyway. "I know. I trust you Alex." Her eyes, however, still carried an expression of vague uncertainty.
Liberty thought for a moment how difficult it must be, to be so far away from their home planet and without any other Bettuan to support them. Just them and their ship-that beautiful little ship called the Cerulean Star which now lay within the clutches of the greatest superpower on Earth.
He also recognized the incredibly unlikely odds that his new friends would ever discover a way back to Bettua, a way home. It was remarkable that they'd even survived the Tsunami and managed to stumble through the universe alone and unscathed for two long years.
These thoughts were not productive, but as they filtered in seconds through his awareness, he found himself thinking of Alex and David. It suddenly occurred to him how much the three aliens were like he, David, and Alex. His heart swelled with the emotion of these thoughts.
Just then, he did something extraordinary; he reached out and rested his hand on each of the aliens' shoulders. "Isara, Sartek-I promise. We will be back-soon, and everything's gonna be okay. No matter what happens, we're going to get you back to your ship." When he lifted his hand, a strange current jolted through his body, hardly perceptible, but definitely an electrical current. It surprised him. "Did you feel that?"
Isara shook her head and Sartek just stared blankly at him. Evidently, they hadn't been so affected.
Alex nudged Liberty. "C'mon, homeboy. Let's get going. We don't have much time before someone's gonna start to figure things out." First motioning to Isara that she needed to hold onto Goo's collar, she the scrambled up from under the bridge and ran as fast as her secondhand Reeboks could take her into town, dragging Liberty behind her.
The aliens waited beneath a bridge on the outskirts of the town, behind a dense thatch of shrubs. They squatted on the ground, shoulders rubbing, to wait for the humans to return.

* * *

Along the way into town, Liberty staggered. "Stop-not so fast." He panted heavily, "Sorry, Al. I'm too tired."
Used to be, Alex would tease him mercilessly about this, but over time she'd come to realize that Liberty had an undying longing to be able to keep up. He only asked her and David to slow down when he absolutely could not hold on. Now she broke her pace immediately, and they walked for a while.
"I knew they were coming back," Alex said as she avoided stepping on any of the cracks in the weed ridden sidewalk. With each hop, her elbows came flying up in the air.
"I have no doubt of that," he smiled. Liberty thought she very much resembled a scrawny bird-a stubborn, sometimes obnoxious little bird, flapping her way along, so supremely sure of herself. Becoming quite serious, she stopped hopping and just walked. "No, really, Bert. I did."
He was quiet, allowing her the dignity of his consideration. "I know, Alex. You're like that. You have amazing instinct. I wish I did that."
Her eyes flew open. "You? Seriously, you're like the smartest person that ever lived!"
"I also have no doubt of that," he grinned smugly.
"Too bad you're such a dork, though." She laughed, clapping her hands together in glee. "Bert-we have alien friends!"
This rocked him on his heels; the gravity of her comment and the utter commitment to it. It was wonderful, and he laughed outright. "Yeah, we do, don't we!" Then he broke into a jog again. "And we gotta save them!"
Alex took his hand, and they ran together the rest of the way.
In just a short while, they were standing, breathless again, in front of the Bargain Barn, Erie's number one second hand thrift store.
"You ready for this?" Liberty rubbed his palms together slowly.
"Hey, you're the one who has to keep it cool, okay? Just don't freak out or anything."
"When have I ever freaked out?" He stiffened, genuinely indignant.
"Like anytime I make you do something you don't wanna?" She punched him gently on the shoulder. "Like right now."
"Well, yeah; but that's only because it's almost always dangerous?or stupid."
She grabbed him by the arm and pushed him through the doorway. "Alright Mr. Pacino. It's show time. Put on your game face 'cuz we got some ass to kick." Her glib encouragement only served to make him more nervous than he already was.
Liberty drew attention wherever they went, mostly because his appearance was so uncommon. His hair, thick glasses, intellectual demeanor, and ragamuffin hand-me-downs all served to create the very definition of unusual. It was normal that he would glean the most attention, and so the plan was tailored that direction.
He immediately went to the back of the store. Pretending to thumb through some mildly worn action figures, including one almost mint model of the Green Lantern that he would sincerely have liked to have, he accidentally pulled down the highest shelf in the toy department. He lay beneath a segment of the shelving, buried underneath a rack of plush toys with Dino the Dinosaur's butt right in his face. Crying out, "My arm!" he only modestly tried to kick out from underneath the pile. This promptly diverted all personnel to his immediate area.
The diversion was perfect. Alex made away with several pairs of jeans, long sleeve shirts, ball caps, two pairs of sunglasses, and a couple of high collared coats.
The store manager came running, and when he finally sorted out the melee and determined that the boy wasn't, in fact, mortally injured, he demanded, "Where do you live, son?"
"Foster home-the one out on Old Goat Road." Liberty grinned stupidly, making sure the man was not only convinced that he was a hard luck case, but that he wasn't very clever either.
The manager kicked the white-haired waif out of the store with a threat of, "And stay out!"
Liberty was breathless from the tension of the diversion and pulled a few breaths on his inhaler.
"You okay?" Alex was ecstatic with her spoils and slipped on a pair of the sunglasses, the pink ones with the white polka dots.
Ignoring the question, Liberty motioned in the direction they needed to go. Hurrying back, they found their friends just where they'd left them. Isara let go of Goo's collar, and the dog was overjoyed to see his master, even giving the alien a look of sincere disapproval for restraining him in the first place.
Alex pulled their Bargain Barn score from David's backpack. As she did, his baseball cards, triple wrapped in rubber bands, tumbled from the side pocket of the pack. Liberty snatched them up from the dirt. No kid saved baseball cards anymore-no kid except David. None of them were even very good ones. Even though, Liberty made sure they were dusted off carefully before he placed them in the other side pocket of the backpack, the one held more securely closed with a safety pin. It gave him a pang in his belly to think about his lost friend. He swallowed thickly and glanced over at Alex to see if she'd noticed.
She met his gaze, her eyes profoundly sad.
"Don't worry; we're gonna get him back," he promised.
Alex swallowed and nodded, but said nothing.
The aliens changed from their clothing into the Bargain Barn outfits. Their Bettuan attire had fit them perfectly-sleek and shimmering, molding to their movements as though they were almost a second skin. These other-world outfits now lay folded up in the shrubbery with a healthy armful of grass and dirt pulled over them.
The humans couldn't help smiling as they studied their new friends up and down. "Not so bad," Liberty observed as Isara struggled to shove as much of her sleek hair as she could under a Kansas City Chiefs ball cap. Oddly enough, the aliens seemed to fit in fairly well, if you didn't look too closely, he thought.
Minutes later, two relatively normal and two somewhat odd children were sitting on the back seat of the county bus to Pittsburgh, Kansas. The fare was a buck twenty-five each, but the bus driver allowed them on at two for the price of one. They made their way immediately to the back of the bus.
"Arabs?" a fat woman with twin girls on her lap nodded toward Isara and Sartek, an expression of genuine apprehension plastered on her face. She directed her question at Alex as she pulled the girls closer, the twins nearly disappearing beneath her bosom.
Isara and Sartek sat with heads down, the collars of their jackets pulled up around their faces, sunglasses obscuring their exotic eyes. Goo, as though unhappy with the comment, lifted the edge of one lip, showing the tip of one tooth before turning around on Liberty's lap to give the woman his ass end.
"Chinese," Alex replied, "and they got photosensitivity. Way to make fun of them, lady."
Liberty was amazed at how fast Alex could create a complete fabrication of the situation. She appeared smugly pleased with herself, crossing her arms across her chest.
The woman seemed satisfied, and nothing more was said about the strange Chinese pair dressed like it was a bright and sunny December day, traveling with two American kids.
By three thirty that afternoon they were off the bus and on the outskirts of Pittsburgh, standing under another bridge-a railroad bridge that spanned a narrow draw. The train tracks ran directly overhead, and trains roared past every so often causing a film of dust, sparkling in the sunlight as it fell, to shake from the old timbers and settle over them.
Liberty coughed.
Alex shot him a concerned look.
"It's okay; I'm okay," he choked then coughed brutally, longer this time.
"You sure you're alright?" Sartek reached out to steady him as he eased to the ground.
"Nope; he doesn't breathe well, specially in dusty places," Alex explained. "And all that running today? That doesn't agree with him either."
They watched as Liberty pulled out his inhaler, his face turning a purplish red as he pulled two puffs and held his breath.
"I'll be okay," he wheezed. "Just give me a second."
When he finally seemed all right, Sartek motioned overhead. "How are we going to get on one?"
"Eventually, one will stop; they have to. The KCS is only a two rail system through here, and every now and then one train leaving Pittsburgh has to yield to another oncoming one, heading south," Liberty described the process of a railway switch.
"Just follow my lead," Alex coached them.
As though on cue, a train screeched horribly overhead, groaning its massive metal objection before grinding to a halt.
"Careful now, but we gotta go quick. They don't take kindly to train jumping. They'll arrest us or throw us right off." Alex swung her arms for emphasis. "So the plan is get on, ride it until we see something, and then get back off, fast."
"Agreed." Isara nodded. "They couldn't have gotten very far, could they?" She meant the military and the Star.
"I don't think so," Sartek shook his head. "In hibernation mode, Star will be very heavy in this gravity and pretty hard to tow."
"Hurry up! We only have so long!" Alex scampered up the hillside, sneaking a short ways, bent over and hiding behind brush as she went.
They all followed her lead, and within seconds they were alongside the train track. Alex held her index finger up to her lips as she tiptoed down the track. They copied her, remaining silent as they sneaked. It wasn't too long before they discovered a partially open car. This was a very fortunate event as these were rare. Most railroad companies disapproved of train jumping to the extent that open cars were almost nonexistent. However, on the KCS, there were still some older cars that were coupled open for return trips.
The kids were very lucky indeed; this particular train had arced around a long bend as it slowed upon the bridge, and the four locomotive engines that drew it were well out of sight. The last thing the engineer would expect was four kids stowing away on an empty freight car, especially on a stretch of track as remote as this. Most of the ghetto jumpers did so from the bigger towns. Indigent, small town jumpers were almost unheard of anymore, and so, amazingly, it all went off without a hitch.
Alex and Sartek hiked Liberty up into the car first. That was a cinch. Because he was so light, they tossed him in with ease. Rolling out of the way, he spun around just in time to catch Goo when Sartek tossed the dog up. Then he lay on his belly to help pull Isara up next. That left only two on the ground.
Liberty was surprised at how strong Sartek was. He watched the alien hold his hands out, fingers laced together to make a foothold for Alex to step into. As she grasped him on both shoulders, the alien heaved, tossing her almost effortlessly up into the car.
The train groaned, the heavy metal couplings slamming like monster dominoes as the cars connected. It shuddered as it started to move away. Alex waved with her hand for Sartek to hurry, and the alien took three running steps and leapt, vaulting onto his stomach, onto the open door edge of the car. With the other three pulling him, he shimmied into the safety of the car. Grinning openly, he scrambled to his feet. Rubbing his belly where he'd landed, he exclaimed, "That was awesome!"
"Stay away from the door," Alex was breathless with the excitement. "We don't want to be seen." The four moved away from the door and took up individual stations to wait and watch.
The floor of the car was grimy and smelled of petroleum fuel. Isara found a relatively clean spot, swept it with her hand, and motioned for Alex to join her there. The two girls sat back to back, near the door but out of a direct line of vision enough that they wouldn't be easily seen.
Needing a view from the opposite side of the car as well, Sartek and Liberty went to the other door and struggled with the catch. They eventually got it unlocked, and Sartek put his shoulder against it to shove it open. The rusty moan of the runner was drowned out by the louder groan of the train picking up speed.
They hid this way-two on each side of the car, well back into the shadows but close enough to get a good look out.
"So how do you know so much about jumping aboard these vehicles?" Sartek asked Alex from across the way.
Alex seemed as though she hadn't heard the question over the rumble of the car and avoided eye contact with Liberty. The truth was Alex had been a runaway at times, and her favorite mode of travel had been trains. That landed her into a bit of trouble with the state, and had she not been so young, she would've spent some time in juvenile detention for it. Her child protective services file even had her flagged as a train jumper.
That, of course, was before she'd been placed at The Home. Once, David decided that they should all jump a train for fun. That was when Alex told them it wasn't as safe or fun as he thought it might be. They'd eventually begged the story out of her, but she wasn't proud of it, swearing them to secrecy with the younger kids in The Home. Alex had a scar, nearly the length of her left shin, from when she'd fallen once from a train car.
Liberty knew she'd heard Sartek's question but chose not to acknowledge it. I guess we all have our secrets, he thought he heard Sartek start to say, but the alien hadn't opened his mouth at all.
"What?" Liberty asked him suddenly. "What did you just say?"
Sartek hesitated. "I only asked about her jumping the trains-"
"No," Liberty interrupted, "about the secrets?"
Sartek seemed surprised. "I didn't say anything about secrets." He also appeared to wish to speak no more about it.
Liberty didn't press the issue, and they rode the train for nearly half an hour before finally spying what they were looking for. Across the valley was a caravan of military vehicles. In tow, was a very large, draped object. It could have been a small battle ship that they were towing. In actuality, it was a ship of sorts. Underneath the drapes was the Cerulean Star.
Helicopters buzzed around the caravan, and there was even a tank escort. Traffic was diverted for as far as one could see. No civilian vehicles were evident anywhere; the entire highway was completely shut down. The convoy ground along painfully slow. It was obvious that they were towing the Star only with great difficulty.
Liberty thought the whole procession looked as hard as trying to pull a spoon through cold honey, and was glad for their struggle. "That's it!" he exclaimed. "Old highway forty-seven! Next stop, Hutchinson Air Base. We were right!"
The kids waited until the train slowed down at another double rail exchange, then hopped off into the cover of a small stand of dusty, dry saplings. Nearly an hour later, they were able to jump another car heading back to Pittsburgh. Much later, they caught a city bus back to Erie. It was quite dark when they finally crept through the sparse stand of trees into the backyard of The Home.
"Wait here," Liberty urged. "I'll go in and make sure the coast is clear. Then you guys crawl up the back way and come in through the bathroom window. I'll make sure it's unlocked for you and give you the sign."
Alex nodded and waited with Sartek and Isara, crouched behind the corn bin.
It was just then, as he stood up to walk to the house, that Liberty saw the lovely little corn snake slither out of the bin and off into the tall grass. Not really given to superstition, he still couldn't help smiling at the good omen. Swallowing thickly-it always made him nervous when he returned to The Home, he approached the back of the house, not seeing any movement from Roxy's bedroom on the second floor.
Climbing the back porch steps with a bedraggled dog on his heels, Liberty pulled open the screen door only after he glanced around the kitchen to see if anyone was there. He let it close quietly without slamming. 
Two of the smaller kids were in the living room watching reruns of Spongebob Squarepants. It was a Spongebob marathon day, and he'd known it would be playing as soon as the younger ones were up. Evidently, it'd been on all day. The T.V. glowed in an otherwise dark room, and he could see three small heads circled around it-all three kids were sitting on the nappy, old carpeted living room floor.
He thought briefly how ridiculous it was that there was cable television at The Home. Never mind that some of the kids could use school supplies or a math tutor, which Liberty happily tried to fill in as, on occasion.
Julian, the five year old, gazed up with happy, bleary eyes and ran for Liberty. All the young ones at The Home loved him dearly as he was always very patient with them, even when Alex and David were not. "Heya, Bert! Wanna watch? We got Spongebob on!"
"That's so awesome! But maybe later little buddy. Howza-bout some popcorn though?" He made it sound so much better than it even really was.
"Yeah! Yeah!" Julian squealed and ran back to share the good news with his two comrades.
After searching for a bit, there was no popcorn to be found in the pantry, but he did find Roxy's Twinkie stash and an unopened bag of potato chips. He snuck three of the Twinkies and opened the bag of chips, emptying a few good handfuls into three empty margarine tubs, then delivered the treasures to the red-eyed batch in front of the T.V.
Roxy and her live-in boyfriend, Dallas-who went by Hog, were both in their mid fifties and conspicuously absent. This made Liberty nervous. It wasn't bar time anymore, so they would almost certainly be home. Roxy and Hog were always off the street by ten, before the "po-po" were out patrolling for DUI's. They'd both been stung with these on several occasions and were told The Home would be closed if Roxy got one more.
Liberty went to the fridge, grabbed two vials of insulin-one short-acting, the other long, and made for the stairs only to run almost smack into Roxy. Goo slunk past her, head down, and headed up the stairs with a "you're on your own" look over his shoulder.
She peered beyond him, out the closed screen door as though she knew David and Alex must be close behind. Going to the fridge, she pulled it open and grabbed two cans of PBR beer. Turning her bulk back to face him as she wiped the sweat of the cans onto her too tight, pink stretch pants. Liberty backed up as she scanned him up and down with her squinty pig eyes and harrumphed, "What are you kids up to?"
"Just playing cards," he lied. "I forgot to take my insulin." He held up the vials.
"You kids are sure quiet up there. We ain't heard nothing from you all evening. Did you get something to eat?"
Liberty knew that Roxy was required to make sure he had three square meals a day to prevent her from losing foster-ship of him. Evidently she and Hog had been gone most of the day if she was unaware that the three of them hadn't been home at all. Liberty picked up on this and ran with it. "We've been in the woods all day, mostly. We caught fish at the lake and cooked 'em. Thank you, though," he said politely.
Roxy harrumphed again, then her eyes narrowed. "What's that on your neck?"
Liberty had totally forgotten about the translation ring; it was so comfortable that he was totally unaware that he was even still wearing it. "Oh, yeah. Alex found them. Some old chokers at a yard sale. Traded her pocket knife for them and painted them up with some gold paint-kinda' like a club thing." He shrugged, but as he lied he felt a wave of cold sweat break out under his T-shirt, across his shoulders.
The likelihood of Roxy realizing that Alex would never, under any circumstances, part willingly with her Swiss army knife was sketchy. Even so, it was a long, suffering moment before she dismissed the explanation and, huffing and puffing, climbed the stairs to the second floor. She and Hog had cable T.V. in their bedroom as well, and once the door was shut, it wouldn't open again until there was a bathroom run. "Well, don't you kids be starting no fires in the woods. It's awful dry for that, an if you get in trouble, they'll kick you right outa' here, and we won't stop them."
This threat seemed incredibly illogical to him. Roxy's survival, and Hog's for that matter, depended on keeping The Home full. He suddenly and irrationally considered lighting a fire in the woods, when everything was said and done, just to make good on her stupid threat.
Shaking his head, he waited at the foot of the stairs until he heard her bedroom door click shut. Creeping as quietly as he could, he made his way first to the second floor bathroom to make sure the window was unlocked. Closing the bathroom door before he flipped the lights on and off a few times, he gave the signal, indicating the coast was clear.
Out from behind the corn crib, the other three appeared. Up the outside back stairs they snuck, crawling across the flat porch roof before hopping through the bathroom window.
Liberty held his index finger up to his lips in the "be quiet" signal.
The four of them crept out into the hall and up the narrow flight of stairs to the attic.
Closing the door carefully, Alex made sure the catch was secure. They weren't supposed to lock their door; it was against the rules, and she had no difficulty latching it just out of spite. For a few seconds, they stood very still and listened, Alex with her ear against the door.
Once they were certain they were undiscovered, the four silently made a blanket fort out of the bunk-beds and their bedding. That way, if the adults, or any of the other kids, peeked in on them-which was fairly unlikely, Isara and Sartek would be hidden.
Even though they were from another planet, it seemed that bed linen forts were a universal skill amongst kids of all species. Isara and Sartek helped them build the hideout in good time, then stood back as they all admired their efforts.
"It's perfect!" Isara held the red plaid flannel sheet aside invitingly.
Liberty moved the only table lamp into the fort and scattered pillows so they could all sit directly on the floor. The other three crawled in after him, and they sat in a circle to whisper about their plans.
It was late, and they were all fairly starved. Alex, who was much stealthier than Liberty, snuck down to the kitchen and brought back a sleeve of saltines and jar of peanut butter. Handing a single cracker to each of them, she slathered them in turn with peanut butter, then passed everyone another cracker to make sandwiches out of.
Sartek watched her seat the second cracker carefully onto the peanut butter and squish it together. Doing the same, he beamed as he bit into it.
"This is good!"
The real surprise came when Alex handed them each a Bob's Club root beer. Isara's eyes shot open and she choked, holding her hand up to her face as root beer shot out from her nose. They all laughed, trying to stifle the noise in pillows.
Liberty hopped up. "Be right back. Gotta shoot up." He disappeared out of the blanket fort and headed toward the bathroom to take his insulin shot.
Isara and Sartek looked at Alex, confusion on their faces.
"He's diabetic," she explained. "It's seriously sucks; he has to take injections and all, but he never complains about it."
The alien pair nibbled their peanut butter crackers silently as they considered what Alex had disclosed about their new friend. It was minutes before Liberty rejoined them and sat down cross-legged between Isara and Alex.
Finally, not so hungry and back to serious business, Isara nodded toward the door. "Won't they worry about David, wonder where he is?" By they, she meant the adults at The Home.
"Not so much-no," Alex said flatly. "As long as they think he's here, they won't check to make sure, and they sure won't care."
"They'll hear us sneaking around up here and just assume it's David, Alex, and me. But they never do a head count," Liberty flipped his hands palm up. "But your voices are different, so let's just whisper so they don't get suspicious."
The Bettuan agreed that was a good idea.
"We have to assume that the ship will be secured underground, or in a large outdoor hangar," Liberty drew with his finger on the wooden attic floor as though he might diagram it for them. "If I had to guess, I'd say they'll bring it underground. We'll need a diversion to get in-a big one."
"There's a problem," Sartek admitted.
"Yeah there is," Alex interjected. "We still don't know where they have David, or what they're doing to him."
"They don't have David," Liberty announced unexpectedly. "At least not the way they would like to have him."
"Huh? What do you mean?"
"How do you know that?" Sartek's eyes shot open in surprise.
"'Cuz, if they did have him, they would have contacted The Home by now. They can't just hold a kid without notifying guardians, even if it is the government and has to do with a spaceship. They'd have to assume David would've gotten all over the news as a missing child alert by now. And then, once it got out that they kept him and didn't call the parents or guardian, it would be a public?uh, uhm??"
"Shitstorm?" Alex offered without hesitation.
Liberty almost smiled. "If they haven't contacted Roxy to let her know they have him, then they don't?technically." He realized the military wouldn't know that a foster child would probably have to be missing for at least a week before Roxy would even notice or tell someone.
"So?" Isara paused.
"Obviously, they haven't got David because they haven't contacted Roxy." He glanced the direction of the door. "And they haven't come looking for us, either, to get details. They would have come for us for sure." Snapping another cracker in two, he just played with it, brushing the salt from it. Goo, sensing this one might be up for grabs, edged in closer, and he handed the crumbled cracker to the dog. "And that's another reason we need to leave here as soon as possible, on the off chance that I'm wrong and they do come snooping around here looking for us."
"Then what's happened to him?" Sartek's voice carried genuine concern.
"Blalok has him!" Isara exclaimed with sudden certainty, before anyone else had a chance to answer.
"What?" Alex grabbed her by the arm, but then jerked her hand free as though she'd been shocked. "Did you feel that? What the hell was that?"
Isara ignored her questions. "It makes sense! Blalok must have shifted him."
"And chances are the military thought he was an alien that was able to get back aboard the ship just in time," Sartek added, finishing off the equation.
"I agree." Liberty said. "It makes total sense that Blalok would've done that, and very impressive that he was able to pull it off. And, after looking at the visual the military may have decided the aliens might look a lot like humans."
"If we're going to get the ship back and free David, Blalok's gonna need inside help?human help," Sartek gently tapped on the floor with his knuckles.
"Well, then that's good! You know David; we know Blalok. We should be able to figure out what they each might be thinking!" Isara was obviously encouraged.
"Yes!" Alex blurted out.
"For one," Sartek started, "Blalok wouldn't have engaged the forces, and he obviously didn't. That's why they have the Star in the first place. He would never have allowed the humans to be hurt."
"Well, that's dumb." Alex shot.
He glanced her way, tried to further explain. "It's not our way, and Blalok's, well, stubborn. He wouldn't have risked it at any cost."
"So that explains why he didn't just whoosh outa' there?"
"Yes," Isara answered. "But that doesn't mean we can't try to recover the Star-get them and the ship out of there. We just can't hurt anyone in the process. It's against our beliefs."
"You know," Alex shrugged her shoulders, "that's all fine and good, but in the long run, if you're gonna make it in the galaxy, you might need to reconsider your rules. Sooner or later, in my experience, you're gonna come across someone who just needs thumped on."
Isara and Sartek both stared at Alex as though carefully considering the human's curious take on their age old philosophy.
"We need a diversion," Liberty interrupted the philosophical conversation, pressing on. "We need to seriously shake the base up, and then we need to find a way inside, to release their hold on the ship."
"Sure," Alex agreed. "Why don't we just fly right in there like Star Wars and plant a bomb on the death star? Blow it all to crap."
Liberty just grinned at her. "Exactly!"



CHAPTER EIGHT
?

"What are they doing?" David asked.
"They're obviously taking us somewhere. I assume to contain the ship," Blalok surmised as he spun his chair to more directly face his new guest. "Do you know of any facility around here? Military, government-you know-a place they might bring a ship of this size?"
"No. I don't. Bert would know, though-sorry." All of a sudden, David wished Liberty was there.
"Where do you live? Additionally, what communication devices do you have?"
David gave him the address of The Home. "We don't have any communication devices, just an old Sega system and a CD player-but they're really old. I'm not even sure they work."
Blalok frowned. "What about your university? Does it have a computer system, preferably with a linked network?"
David shook his head. "Nope, school's out for the summer." Then his eyes lit up. "But there's free computer with internet at the school library! When school is in session, anyway."
"Excellent! Do you have access to it?"
"I don't. Never saw much use for it." David now regretted he hadn't. "It doesn't allow games."
At that, Blalok rolled his eyes.
"But Bert does!" the human added quickly. "He's a member of some sort of geek science club, I think-and a chess club. And he has an e-mail or something."
"Good. We need to figure that out."
"How? Why?"
"Because, your friends-and mine, have returned to your home for the night. It is only logical. Tomorrow morning, when day breaks, the school library is where your friend, Bert, will be, if he is as clever as you believe him to be."
"You're right! That's exactly what Bert would do! And Bert's the cleverest you'll ever meet-way smarter than anyone you'll ever know," he added, just a bit defensively.
With a look of skepticism, Blalok started to reply, but just then, E-I spoke, "If I allow the Terrans to briefly access my mainframe, I would be able to gain access to theirs."
"What was that?" David exclaimed, looking around, trying to figure out where the voice came from.
"That's E-I. Electronic Intelligence. He is the central intelligence of the Star."
"He? The computer's a he?" David chuckled out loud.
Blalok's eyes narrowed. "It has chosen for itself a male voice. His format of analysis is gender neutral, however."
David just stared blankly at Blalok.
"My organic circuitry allows me not just deductive capability," E-I spoke again from the cosmosphere around David's head, "but, in words that you might better understand, conscious thought and intuition."
"That's freaky!"
"I have feelings," E-I continued, almost in a flat tone.
"What? You're human?" Then he answered himself, "Well I guess not human, but?"
Blalok rolled his eyes again, but it was E-I that answered, "Yes. I am human, and Bettuan, and schlange. If you wish to cross reference my entity with any other species, please feel free to do so."
"That's so cool!" David laughed outright. "A computer that thinks it's a he, and thinks for itself, and-"
"Don't be ignorant," E-I said abruptly, interrupting David before he could go on.
That set David right back on his heels." I?I?" He stammered to apologize.
E-I stopped him. "Let's just assume that I respect your capabilities, and that you will respect mine."
David was slack-jawed-stunned by the computer's short response.
Blalok snickered and whispered with his hand up to the side of his mouth. "He gets kind of touchy when you call him an it."
Trying again, David wasn't sure which direction he should face, and tried unsuccessfully to identify a speaker system. "Okay, E-I?sir; then how do we let them hook into your mainframe?"
"I will send a signal. It will be limited and primitive in format," E-I explained, "It will not contain any data which might compromise my framework or allow your species' evolution to advance unnaturally."
"So keep the secrets secret?" David was understanding the plan more and more.
"Yes, more or less," Blalok jumped in. "It would only damage your world if it had preternaturally advanced technology. Your species-"
"Humans, you mean."
"Yes, humans-would not be able to tolerate the evolution that would result. Chances are, it would end in a world war, one that would result in the destruction of the human race."
"Well, that seems a bit extreme, but I suppose it could happen."
"Yes," E-I confirmed, sounding much more amiable than before. "David, with your assistance, I will be able to determine your friend's computer login information and-"
"Bert?" David interrupted. "His name is Bert; it's short for Liberty."
"Very good," E-I paused before continuing. "I need to know where Liberty went to university, the name of any organizations that he is a part of, and anything else that might connect him to a central network."
"You mean like school? Just regular public, and I'm guessing he had a lot more computer connections before the accident." David stared at the floor, his forehead crinkled in thought.
"Accident?" Blalok's eyes widened.
David waved him to silence. Finally, his face lit up. "Erie junior chess club! He's a member of the Erie junior chess club, I think. It's through the junior high school, even though he's only fifth grade." He smiled at Blalok. "He's the president; smartest kid that ever played that game, for sure. He's got all kinda' ribbons-keeps them in a shoe-box."
"What is this game, chess?" Blalok was suddenly very curious.
"It's a thinking man's game," David replied with a tone that playfully suggested it would be over Blalok's head. "I think you might like it. You might not even lose too badly if you ever played him."
"Is this game obtainable?" Blalok was instantly intrigued. "E-I, can we acquire this?"
"In all likelihood, yes," E-I answered, and then changed the subject abruptly. "However, that is unimportant at the moment. I have located Isara and Sartek."
"What?" David was drawn immediately back to their situation. "How? Where?"
The screen on the bridge was an eerie, milky white, but E-I indicated that the two Bettuan, along with two humans, were paralleling their current path of travel, about two miles north of them. "I have the capability of tracking the translation rings, because they contain Vasteen," the computer explained. "It provides a marker that is otherwise not present on your planet."
"It's the train!" David exclaimed. "Alex must have jumped a train!" It thrilled him that Alex would have the nerve to do this, and drag Liberty and two aliens along with her. It gave him a happy feeling in his chest, and then a pang of worry almost immediately after.
"Is that safe?" Blalok asked.
"Well, it depends, but this wouldn't be the first time she's done it! She's like a master. Got the scars to prove it, too."
Blalok seemed mildly surprised.
"I would say that they have taken the initiative to determine our destination," E-I continued. The computer then promptly indicated that the four children had all of a sudden changed course, evidently backtracking the way they'd come.
"Bert must know where we're headed now, and they're going back to The Home," David reasoned.
"Then it becomes even more critically important that we establish contact with him," Blalok noted, "so we can coordinate our plan."
This all made perfect sense to David. The thought of having purpose and direction thrilled him. "You're right. Let's do this! But how?"
"What is Liberty's full name?" E-I wished to know. "Also, do you know what his login identifiers would be?"
"You mean his e-mail? No, I don't. But his name is Liberty Lennox." Then he mused more to himself than to anyone else, "I don't even know Bert's middle name." This cast his spirits down somewhat, that he didn't know this small detail about one of his two very best friends, but then he brightened. "But Bert loves puzzles! Mind twisters?and scrabble, only no one will play him 'cuz he's a brainiac and all. He really likes Sherlock Holmes, too. That's his favorite. And Professor Pyg. You know, the Batman villain."
Blalok seemed mildly amused. "No, I don't know. But I can well imagine."

* * *

Even as this conversation was taking place, the Star was being towed, or more accurately, painstakingly dragged at approximately twenty-miles an hour along remote highway Forty-Seven, from Erie toward Hutchinson. The ship was at this point draped completely with braided industrial Kevlar and tethered with nearly two hundred cables, altogether strong enough to suspend the Golden Gate bridge. The cables were attached to M-1 Abrams main battle tanks, twenty-of them, which ground along in a long, dramatic V down the highway. There was no way the Star was lifting off now, with an excess of two million pounds of Government Issue metal attached to it.
Ahead and behind the Star, Apache helicopters and military Humvee's cleared a path, securing air and ground space and effectively keeping the civilian pubic well beyond discoverability. It was a stealth procedure if ever there was one.
Minutes later, when E-I briefly unveiled the Star, a few moments passed before the security forces were even aware of it, because the ship was so intensely draped. E-I had access to all the information they needed in just a matter of seconds. The download of virtually all of Earth's internet information was complete and the ship was re-veiled. It all happened in less than ten-seconds and well before a boarding strategy by the military could even be considered. All anyone briefly saw beneath the drapes was the beautiful, incandescent blue outline of the ship before it morphed back into the hazy white form of hibernation.
"I have information," E-I stated simply.
"Report," Blalok requested.
They both sounded very efficient, David thought.
"Your are correct, David. Bert is a member of a Junior League Chess Club. He is also the president of the Erie Municipal Science Club. More significantly, however, he is a member of Mensa, and on occasion, plays chess with their membership. He does this virtually and also quite successfully."
"Mensa?" David was confused, but E-I continued without answering.
"He lists as his personal information a family of only two. Alexander Elizabeth Stutton-sister, and David Carmine Mattoretti-brother.
"What?" David was now clearly flabbergasted, but E-I didn't give him the dignity of an explanation; only continued. "He is also a poorly controlled asthmatic and a brittle diabetic, received orthopedic corrective surgery on both legs at the age of one, and suffered a critical motor vehicle accident at the age of nine which resulted in an emergent craniotomy. Both of his parents are deceased, and he has no other living relatives besides Alexander and David."
David was no longer impressed. Stunned clean out of his skin with this new information, he suddenly realized that there was a lot about Bert he didn't know. So that's why his hair was so much shorter on one side when he and Alex first discovered him curled up under the sheet at The Home. He'd undergone surgery on his skull! Pinching his chin, David also considered what else E-I just disclosed; Bert was playing chess with other gifted people from some group called Mensa. He didn't even know who Mensa was, but could well imagine, and he imagined very correctly. In all this time, Bert never mentioned any of this to him or Alex.
"Liberty is?" The computer appeared to consider its wording carefully. "Advanced. He has received e-mail correspondence from Mensa with an offer to remove him from Kansas State Foster Care, to step up his collegiate education, but he has refused.
"I don't understand," David's brow creased in dismay. "Why would they want to take him?you mean he didn't?he could have left us? But didn't?"
"Liberty's actual reply correspondence states his unwillingness to be separated from his family," E-I stated flatly.
"His family?" David started to explain that Liberty had no family, but then knew immediately what E-I meant. It was because Bert refused to leave him and Alex. He was greatly moved by this information, but barely had time to consider it before E-I added, "I have his email and his passcode."
"Really? You cracked his e-mail? And his passcode?" David was wondering now if there was no limit to the capability of the Electronic-Intelligence.
"No, I reasonably deduced. Liberty has had no reason to encrypt it, yet."
"What is it? Just out of curiosity."
"His e-mail is simply Pygmalion six six six at hotmail dot com-passcode, Moriarty sixty-two."
When David and Blalok stared blankly at each other, E-I explained, "Professor Pyg was characterized after the play Pygmalion and first released as a Batman villain in the comic issue number 666. Moriarty was the ultimate villain who finally killed Sherlock Holmes, at the age of sixty-two. It took only four hundred twenty-six possible combinations before I discovered it. Quite simple, really"
David was dumbfounded?again.
Blalok smiled outright for the first time since meeting the human, and slapped him on the shoulder. "I look forward to making Bert's acquaintance and, perhaps, playing some chess with him. But, for now, let us see if we can get in touch with him." He turned to compose a message to the human named Liberty.
"E-I?" David asked.
"Yes?"
"What is his middle name? Bert's?do you know?"
The computer answered simply, "He does not have one. Neither, by the way, does his favorite theoretical physicist."
"What?"
"Who, not what," the computer corrected. "Albert Einstein."
All of this was just a bit too much for David to absorb quickly. He sat down heavily next to Blalok, their elbows brushing. An electric jolt seemed to run from David's elbow up to his shoulder, snapping to a halt on his right ear lobe. "Jesus, Blalok! What was that?" David shook his arm as though he might shake the unpleasant sensation away and reached up to rub his ear.
Blalok seemed to disregard this. "I didn't feel anything."
"Yeah, well you need some cling free or something, 'cuz you got a whole lotta' static going on."
The Bettuan appeared to ignore this, concentrating instead upon his task.
David inched in closer, and, together, the two composed a message. Before long, they sent it to an ordinary hotmail account?attention to one very extraordinary boy.



CHAPTER NINE
?

Isara was the first to awaken. She was chilly in the very early, cool seventy-four degrees of a Kansas August morning. Momentarily forgetting where she was, she instinctively reached to drag the blanket more snugly up over her shoulder. As she started to doze back off, the blanket was swiftly yanked back off of her. Snapping more to her senses, it was about then that she felt the presence of something living and warm, curled up against her back.
She shot a look over her shoulder to discover Alex, still in her overalls from the day before, sleeping soundly with the blanket clutched in both hands, stuffed up under her chin. It was a charming image, and Isara couldn't help but smile. She briefly studied the human's face in the morning light. How unusual-the elongated nose, wide-set eyes, and full mouth. Her coloring was so pale and golden, with faint little spots all across her nose.
Isara's instincts returned to those she'd experienced the night before on the ship. Was that only one night ago, aboard the Star? When she'd dreamed of the human girl? And her intuition had been to return to the meadow?
It was just then that Isara remembered David and Blalok and sat up with a start. She gently shook Alex by the shoulder until she heard a soft moan.
"Shut up, Bert! Go away," Alex murmured, but then her eyes popped open. She lay there for barely a second, evidently confused by the alien sitting next to her, trying to hog her blanket.
"It's almost morning, Alex," Isara whispered. "We need to get up."
Sitting upright in a flash, Alex tossed the blanket aside and was down in the kitchen in another flash, digging through the pantry and collecting provisions for the day.

* * *

While Alex foraged for food, Liberty shuffled his new friends back out the bathroom window, across the porch, and down to the corncrib to wait for Alex.
It was cooler in the shade of the crib; dew was still on the grass, and Sartek wrapped his hoodie jacket around Isara's shoulders.
It seemed like forever but, at long last, Alex trotted down the back porch stairs with a bag of snacks-more dried oatmeal, more peanut butter, four day-old bananas, and a can of Vienna sausages along with another half rack of saltine crackers. There were also four more cans of Bob's Root Beer. Eight cans gone in less than twelve hours. "That'll be another reason to call out the military," she thought to herself.
Liberty ordinarily would have worried about that as well, but today did not. He wasn't even sure, just then, if they were ever coming back. That is why what he did next was one of the hardest things he'd ever done.
Goo came bouncing down the back porch steps, smiling and full of anticipation of a day out with his human and his new friends.
"Stay," Liberty commanded firmly. It broke his heart to do it. "Stay, Goo."
The dog hung his head and paused with one paw up. His expression was one of, "That can't be right? I always go with them." His eyes were larger than usual, and damp. That was always his first tactic, a stab at looking pathetic to see if Liberty would cave.
"Go on, boy. Go home. I'll be home soon."
The little dog turned to walk slowly back to the porch, pausing only to look over his shoulder at the group in a last ditch effort to sway them.
"Go, Goo!" Liberty snapped at the dog, waving his arms.
The dog jogged faster, tail tucked forlornly, and took a seat on the lowest porch step. He was obviously unhappy about watching his master leave and insisted on waiting right there for his return.
Liberty knew Goo would eventually crawl upstairs and claim the lower bunk bed. Snuggling down into his master's blanket, he would wait out the lazy day until his human returned. It was always a difficult climb for the little dog-two flights up to the attic with his short legs, but that's where he'd go. Later, as evening approached, Goo would be confused that Liberty hadn't returned. He'd probably spend most of his time curled up in the familiar smell of Liberty's bed to wait it this confusion out.
Knowing the youngest ones would try to sneak Goo snacks gave Liberty some small comfort. It should hold the fat little hound for a bit, anyway. Not sure when he'd ever see his dog again, he swallowed, blinking back tears as he played this scenario over in his mind. Unwilling to let his friends see his weakness, he looked away and took a deep breath to clear his emotions.
"C'mon Bert, let's get a move on," Alex said gently. "Goo will be okay."
Liberty only nodded.
The four started wordlessly for town. It was barely light as they wandered down fifth to Jefferson, toward the Erie K-8 elementary-middle school that used to be the old high school. That was where Liberty explained they needed to go.
They stayed in the shadows, and when an occasional car passed Isara and Sartek were careful to look away, hiding beneath the hoodies they were wearing. These they'd confiscated from David's wardrobe. Isara also sported a pair of worn overalls, courtesy of Alex. They were a bit short for her, and gave her a very country appearance. Sartek's pair of faded jeans, also from David's drawer, fit perfectly. Isara glanced at them more than once.
After they were under way for a bit, Sartek asked, "Do you have any fish?"
"What? For breakfast? That's just gross," Alex wrinkled her nose.
Liberty jumped in, "Well, I guess it would make sense. They look like they come from a fairly fishy planet." He thought silently to himself, That was probably the dumbest sounding thing I've ever said.
Kneeling down, he pulled off his backpack. It took a bit of rummaging around before he pulled a small tin can from the pack and opened up the vienna sausages. Alex peeled open the package of saltines and handed them to him, one at a time. He sandwiched one sausage between two crackers before handing it to Isara. "Here, this is probably as close as we have to fish, but not half bad."
"If you close your eyes, you can almost imagine it's whatever you want it to be!" Alex beamed excitedly.
Isara looked unconvinced, but once she bit into the sandwich, her eyes flew open with delight. "It's delicious!"
"Yep-scrumptious as mystery meat can get!" Liberty slapped another sausage between two more crackers and handed it to Sartek. Then he popped open a root beer and they shared it, passing it around.
Curiously, none of the children even thought for a second that the other species might carry something that might make them ill-a virus or bacteria from an alien species. It just wasn't a part of their makeup to consider such a thing. That would have been a decidedly adult fear.
In quick fashion, they were fairly well fed and standing outside of the school with no way in.
"How are we going to break in?" Isara wondered.
"I don't know," Liberty thought hard. "That's not really my strong area. I've never broken in anywhere before." They were standing under a small thicket of trees just outside of the boy's restroom, looking up at an overhead frosted window with a lever catch on it.
"Well, I guess we could break it, but that might draw some attention," Alex thought aloud while looking around for a rock to throw. Nothing; the school yard had been cleared of all such implements.
"We better do something, quick," Liberty worried. "We look plenty suspicious-four kids, standing around outside a closed school like this."
"How does the catch work?" Sartek peered at the overhead window again.
"It's a handle lever-you just flip it ninety degrees," Liberty explained.
Sartek glanced at Isara and then, without speaking, she stepped onto his knee, into his laced hands, and then onto his shoulders. He slipped his hands beneath Isara's overall trousers so that he held firmly onto her calves, and she leaned in close to the brick of the old building. Resting her cheek against the wall, she extended her arm with her hand palmed softly against where the window handle was on the other side of the glass. She and Sartek both closed their eyes. Seconds later, the catch trembled, then shifted. The window popped open just a fraction of an inch, indicating that it had been released.
"How'd you do that?" Alex clasped her hands together in excitement.
"You're telekinetic?" Liberty tipped his head sideways.
Sartek was lifting Isara up even farther, extending his arms completely, so that she could shimmy through the narrow window opening. When he was satisfied that she was finally in, he turned around. "I can move objects with my thoughts, but not big things so much. Mostly, just small stuff. Isara can too, sometimes, if I'm touching her."
"That is sooo cool! I would be moving stuff all the time!" Alex exclaimed.
Sartek shrugged. "It's considered an art of necessity on Bettua. Not something to be used frivolously."
"Well, it couldn't have been more necessary than it is now." Liberty could hardly contain his excitement at knowing not only an alien but a telekinetic alien, or more accurately, a psychokinetic alien. He'd read of humans who were psychokinetic, but never met one until now.
Just then, they heard a tap, tap, tap from a lower classroom window to the left, around a corner. Jogging over to the window, they saw Isara inside.
She unlatched the window and whispered urgently, "Hurry! In here; the windows aren't alarmed as far as I can tell."
The three climbed through the window and stood for a moment, their eyes adjusting to the relative darkness of the closed up school. It had a dusty, dank smell to it and Sartek wrinkled his nose. "Lights?" he suggested.
Liberty shook his head. "Too risky." He motioned for them to follow him. "This way-the computers are this way."
They made their way out into the hall and toward the main entrance until they came to a large double door with frosted glass that was etched with the word LIBRARY.
Liberty tested the handle and was relieved to find it unlocked.
Opposite the library circulation desk was a bank of cubbies that had some seriously outdated Dell PC's snuggled into them. They were archaic by any standards, but Liberty knew they would serve the purpose he intended for them well enough. "All we need is internet access and we're good to go." He pressed the power button of a tower until it clicked on.
It took a few moments before the screen flickered to life, lit with the universal computer electric blue. Before long, Liberty was logged on and into his email account. He saw a message sent from "David the Great" and, knowing that David didn't possess an e-mail account, assumed correctly that it came from the ship. He gave a thumbs up over his shoulder, at his friends, before he clicked the file open.

Hi, Bert. It's David and Blalok. I guess by now you probably know who Blalok is, and E-I says you'll know to come to the school and check your e-mail. E-I is really smart. It's?I mean he's a computer. So is Blalok for that matter, kinda', but I'll bet you'd beat him at chess.
You don't know that?
Yes?he would.
Shut up! Once I learn? No, he wouldn't?
You shut up, stupid head.

It was about then that Liberty recognized the e-mail message must have been verbally composed and translated, complete with occasional interjection from the alien called Blalok. He smiled and read on.

Anyway, we're in the ship, heading to some super secret place named Hutchinson. E-I said you'd know that. Not sure if that's the end stop, but we're thinking probably so. Bert, we gotta get these guys their ship back and outa' here. It's only right. They don't belong here; they won't make it, if you know what I mean. And I know you do.
Tell him about the communication device.
I'm getting to it! Just hold the phone already! E-I says you need a laptop with Wi-Fi and a universal range extender, and guess what? He bought it for you! That's right, it's early Christmas for the Bertster! I'm not exactly sure how he did it, but it has something to do with a hedge-hog fund?
Hedge fund.
Oh-right, hedge fund, that he stole somehow and put to your name. You got money, Bert! You're rich! Only?you can't get to it. You're too young; isn't that always how it is? But the laptop and range extender are waiting for you at the Chanute Walmart. And Bert, it's not exactly a laptop; it's an apple ipad 2 with Wi-Fi?and free VuDu.

Liberty's eyes were enormous with the sudden realization of what he was reading. He certainly recognized the gravity of their overlying situation, but to have a device like that; it was almost too good to be true. He blinked and read on.

Once you get the ipad, head to Hutchinson. There's a house there; key's by the front doorstep, hidden inside a plastic rock. Go figure? It's on 629 Crazy Horse Road, and once you're there, log on.
Anything else, little dude?
My name's Blalok, and no. I think you have covered it.
Cool. Tell everyone, "Hi," and miss you, Bert. C'ya soon and we'll spring this baby. Over and out.
You don't need to say that.
You don't have much of a sense of adventure, do you?

That was the end of the transmission. Liberty swung around in his chair.
Alex had been reading over his shoulder.
"Let me encrypt this," he said, "then we need to get out of here, fast." He went directly back to the keyboard, and wrote?

Hi, David, and Blalok. Yep, we figured out to come to the school and get online. Isara and Sartek are safe, although we risk them getting discovered at any time. I recommend we do a preemptive strike as soon as possible. I have an idea, but for now, we're going to go get the ipad and then get to Hutchinson. I'll visual contact you at that point. I'm so glad you're okay, David?that was really amazing what you did. These guys have super powers, btw. You'll hafta' hit Blalok up for a demo.  :)  I'm encrypting this e-mail. The new email will be Qt83nfX9@gmail.com and the passcode is ITk39g7j39. It will rotate.
We'll catch up with you guys soon, and be careful, David.
Bert-over and out.

He encrypted his e-mail account and went online one more time.
"Hurry up, Bert." Alex fidgeted as she watched the door. "It's getting lighter, and I'm nervous in here with the windows and all."
"Just a sec. Gotta cover our tracks." He shuffled through a few more sites, and after what seemed like an eternity to him, he entered a virtual room called "DeadDungeon" and left a code locked message for someone named Vole. Finally satisfied with his work, he pushed away from the computer.
"What was that all about?" Sartek gestured toward the now blank computer screen.
"Vole is a hacker and runs a network from his basement. And, he's seriously antigovernment-has a pretty big chip on his shoulder."
"So he'll help us?" Isara seemed encouraged.
"Yep, if it comes down to it, I think he will. He's still kinda' raw about doing a year in government juvie for the Katipo virus. That one enrolled everyone in the Pentagon on a perpetual dating site. They were pretty pissed and never could get rid of it, until Vole killed it. They told him they'd only let him out of prison if he fixed it, and then only if he worked for them. He agreed, got out, cleaned up the virus then slipped away and disappeared." Liberty dismissed their curiosity as though everyone surely had an acquaintance like Vole. "Now he lives in a basement in Pittsburgh with a brand new identity, but they don't know that."
"And you do?" Sartek asked.
He pushed away from the computer. "They can't track him, and it's made them real nervous. But he's a friend of mine, and he'll clean the hard drive on this machine from his site. Then, he'll send it a virus and nobody around here will be able to fix it. The school will wind up junking it." Liberty turned around in his chair. "And like I said, when the moment comes, he'll also be there, virtually, to help us out if we need him."
"How did you meet him, and can he be trusted?" Isara wondered.
"Uh-huh, he can. We met at a chess tournament, online. Vole is fifteen, but has a twenty-one year old identity, so he gets around pretty good. He'll help us, especially when I give him the details. Don't worry; Vole can be trusted, especially if it gives him another chance for payback. He doesn't take on friends easily, but those he does, he's committed to." Liberty grinned. "And I think he's always wanted to hack the North American Aerospace Defense Command. Now's his big chance."
"Very cool," Sartek said, adopting the earth slang he'd read in Liberty's note.
Isara stared at him blankly.
"Quit it," Sartek teased her. "You're not being cooool." He dragged the word out and did a weird thing with his hands, shifting them back and forth at his waistline.
It came across as so incredibly un-cool that Alex and Liberty laughed in unison.
Next, they found the kitchen and rifled through it for more food. Nothing but instant cocoa, but Alex grabbed a couple packets anyway and stuffed them into her back pockets.
"Seriously? Instant cocoa?" Liberty asked.
"I like it, and you know we never have it at The Home." Looking around, she spied an insinkerator at one of the utility sinks. "See! Ask and you shall receive stuff!" Confiscating four dixie cups from a sink-side wall dispenser, she made tiny cups of cocoa for everyone. They sat on the kitchen floor, well hidden and away from any windows. After a quick snack of cocoa and oatmeal, they plundered through the drawers and cabinets for money. Nothing, so they went to the office. It was locked, but not for long.
Sartek leaned his dark head against the jamb and closed his eyes.
The lighting was poor, and Liberty noticed, as Sartek concentrated, the ridge of scales that ran over the crest of his head came more to life with tiny flecks of light jumping from one spot to the next like a miniature laser show. It was mesmerizing and made him realize how little he really knew of this alien species.
The deadbolt clicked open, and in short time they found the emergency cash stash. Soon, they'd confiscated barely enough money to get them to Hutchinson.
Then, it was time to go back to the library and out the ground floor window.
Sartek leaned against the window and closed his eyes one last time, his hand resting on the pane directly over the catch. Almost immediately, the lever flipped ninety degrees and locked the window from the inside.
"Boy, I seriously need to learn how to do that!" Alex shook her head in amazement.
"Perhaps, he can teach you sometime," Isara replied.
Alex nodded her enthusiasm, and the four left the school, heading to the Jefferson Depot. They bought four tickets and boarded a mostly empty bus for Chanute, Kansas. Making their way to the back of the bus, Isara and Sartek slid down in their seats, their hoodies pulled down over much of their faces, sunglasses over their eyes. They sat turned away from anyone who might notice and, for the most part, were fairly inconspicuous.
The only other passengers on the bus were an elderly couple, and they'd chosen the front seats. The bus-driver glanced back at them once or twice, but the kids were being very quiet, and so he put in one earbud, powered up his I-pod, and drove on, affectively ignoring them.

*  *  *

The bus ride was a few hours long. Isara sat beside Alex, and after a while, they whispered questions to each other.
"Is Sartek your brother?" Alex finally ventured.
Isara seemed surprised. "Brother? No?he's my friend."
"So you, and Sartek, and Blalok are friends, like me, David, and Bert?"
Isara thought for a second and agreed, "Yes, I guess so." She hesitated, but then explained, "We were taking the Cerulean Star out one day, to play, you know, just for the afternoon. That's when it happened." She stared at her feet, pulled off her sunglasses, and rubbed at her eyes with the heel of her hand.
"You guys don't know how to get back, do you." Alex's question didn't really sound like a question.
"No, we don't, and Blalok doesn't think there is a way back; he thinks we're lost for good," Isara confided, her gaze wandering out the window to the rows of empty cornfields beyond.
"Well, sometimes really smart people aren't always right. Once Bert was so sure we could start this old truck if we crossed these three wires. Couldn't ever get it to run, but the windshield wipers turned on great!" She gestured, hands open. "He never did live that one down-still insists it shoulda' worked. Funny thing is I believe him. He was right, and maybe Blalok is too. And in a pinch, if I ever needed to start a truck, I'd do just what Bert showed me to do, with the wires. But it doesn't change the fact that it didn't work that time." She shrugged.
Isara appeared to have no idea what Alex was talking about, but the way she said it sounded hopeful and kind, and she smiled softly back. "Perhaps, you're right."
"There might not be any way back," Alex said after a few minutes of riding the bus in silence, "but at least you have Sartek and Blalok. And now I'm your friend too." She looked up from picking at her fingernail bed to meet the gaze of her alien friend.
Isara's turquoise eyes focused for a long moment on Alex, considering her carefully. "You know what? You're right. I'm very happy to have you as my friend, Alex. I think we probably have much in common."
"Yeah; I'm lost and have my best friends, too," she tossed a thumb toward Liberty, who was engaged in conversation with Sartek. "We can't go back either; there's nothing to go back to. Bert lost his folks in a wreck."
Isara immediately had a very hurt expression about her. At least her parents were not dead, as far as she knew. "I'm so sorry. And where are your parents?"
Alex thought sincerely about the question. "I don't know. I can't remember them, really, but I have a brother."
"A brother? And where is he?" Isara was very attentive now.
"Hell if I know. Afghanistan?I think. He must be alive; nobody told me he isn't, yet. That's a law, you know. They have to tell you if someone dies in your family, in the army I mean. I haven't seen him for a long time, though-since I was eight. But I got a letter when he was deployed."She gazed past Isara and out the window. Briefly, she thought about James and wondered what he was doing now. "Well, wherever my brother is and whatever he's doing, it probably isn't near as crazy as sitting next to an alien on a bus, headed to try to bust a spaceship out of a government facility." Alex tilted her head, her eyes partly closed. "I'm glad we're in this together, Isara."
"Me, too. It makes it not so?lonely.



CHAPTER TEN
?

On board the Cerulean Star, Blalok and David spent an interesting night and day together. After composing their e-mail and making sure the Star was secure, even if it was cruising along at a moderately poor bicycle land-speed, Blalok suggested they eat and retire for a bit. They'd been up all night-Blalok analyzing data, mostly from his computer console.
David had lost track of time on board the Cerulean Star. For a while, he wandered about the ship, leaving Blalok to what appeared to be redundantly boring tasks. But he came upon mostly dead ends as he'd no idea of how to access the different floors or rooms. He asked, but Blalok had been very preoccupied-had brushed him off, too busy to accommodate him.
The ship was, to David, very organic. Even the hum of the engines, so faint in the background, seemed living. It felt as though it almost breathed. He thought it must be like living inside the belly of a whale-a very friendly whale, perhaps, with comfortable furniture and a good rug. Furthermore, it could protect him and fly him through an ocean of stars if asked to. The astonishment of it all was too much. He'd not fully taken it all in yet.
"Come with me. We'll get something to eat, and I'll show you where you can sleep for a while." Blalok interrupted his thoughts as he all of a sudden hopped up from his levi chair.
For the first time, David was aware of just how hungry he was and how small this particular alien was. "Wow, you remind me so much of Bert?it's weird."
"Weird creepy, or weird unbelievable?" Blalok crossed his arms and stood up as tall as he could. He still had to tip his head back to look up at David.
"Weird cool. You're alright, Blalok, and when you meet Bert, you're gonna love him." David pretended to soft-punch him on the shoulder.
Blalok stared at his own shoulder, shook his head and said more to himself, "And I'm the weird one." Then he regarded David through narrowed eyes. "So, what say we have some dinner?"
"Great idea. I'm so starved I could eat the butt out of a skunk! Do you have cheeseburgers?"
After a moment of confusion, the alien replied, "No; I do not know what that is," but then he reconsidered. "Wait?maybe. Let's get E-I to address the situation."
"Blalok, you sound like a little computer, you know that?"
"Thank you," he replied smugly. "You do not."
David wasn't sure if he'd just been insulted, but was happy to follow Blalok off the bridge. Down a corridor, there was a bare wall with a softly glowing emblem midway to the ceiling.
"Open," Blalok spoke to the emblem. An elevator simply appeared, the wall doing exactly as he'd commanded. It just disappeared, dissipating in a faint, sparkling pattern, creating the small housing that was to be their elevator.
"So that's why I couldn't get anywhere," he observed and wasn't returned an answer. Stepping into it, David saw no controls. It was lit, but not by any obvious lighting. For the first time, he realized that in the elevator, and on the bridge for that matter, there was light but no fixtures. The light was natural, like daylight on a bright but cloudy day.
While on the elevator, Blalok instructed E-I to allow David's voice to carry "recognition presiding authority." "That will allow you to access areas of the ship as you need to," he explained.
"Thanks. Shoot us to the moon,!" he laughed jokingly. The elevator simply stopped.
Blalok sighed audibly. "Belay that?stupidity. Dining hall, please."
The elevator whooshed them up and sideways to what appeared to be the combination kitchen dining room. Stepping off the elevator and into the room, David was once again amazed at the otherworld technology.
As on the bridge, everything was in shades of blue, white, and green. There was no obvious cooking surface, refrigerator, or pantry-only a table, chairs, and some very artistic ornamentation. Water flowed, sometimes from the floor to the ceiling. It swirled and swept, softly and pleasingly, in ways water might not ordinarily go. There were plants as well-unusual plants, some smooth and slick, some lacy and frond like, some of them all the way under the water. It was, aesthetically, very pleasing, as though someone had brought an underwater garden into the room.
"Nice!" David was impressed, but glanced around. "But, where do we fix something?"
Blalok glanced over his shoulder, shook his head as if to himself, then motioned David over to a screen that swirled and shimmered in beautiful blue and green patterns.
David walked up next to him and watched as Blalok summoned E-I, then analyzed from the earth obtained files everything there was to know about cheeseburgers. He ran his hands over the smooth dials and elliptical controls, until he seemed satisfied.
Turning to David, he motioned with one hand back over David's shoulder. The human spun around just as a small window dissolved in the wall behind him. Beyond where the window used to be was a clear blue platter. Upon the platter sat a cheeseburger, the steam rising from it as though it'd just been barbecued.
The second he got a good whiff of the cheeseburger, Blalok's look of satisfaction turned to pure disgust. "Ugh! Are you really going to eat that?" He tilted his head away from the offending burger.
"How did you do that?" David was incredulous, and ignored Blalok's question entirely. "That's amazing!" The burger looked perfect, and the aroma of it greeted the human in a splendid way.
Retrieving the platter, Blalok held it as far from himself as he could and set the burger down on the table in front of David. "It's bio-organic synthesis. The computer determines the exact sequence of protein, carbohydrates, fats, sugars-stuff like that, and fabricates it in that particular molecular order. It allows us a diversified diet with only a few essential building blocks."
"Seriously? It made this out of nothing? You could totally own the veggie market on Earth with this! No more dead cows n' chickens; you'd be a hero, and it'd make a million!"
"And what would I do with a 'million'?"
Not realizing how hungry he was, David ignored him a second time. He picked up the cheeseburger with both hands and started to bite into it, then paused, holding it out to Blalok. "Want some? It's really good."
Blalok shook his head, went to the fabricator, and minutes later, retrieved something that very much resembled a squid.
It smelled, David imagined, like a squid might smell. "Seriously? You'd take that over this?" He motioned toward his own dinner.
"Seriously? Yes," was all Blalok replied.
David bit into the cheeseburger and crinkled his forehead. "Got any salt?"
Passing the palm of his hand across the center of the table, Blalok summoned condiments.
Between them appeared a small caddy with various Bettuan spices. Most were very foreign to David, like something he'd seen in a cooking magazine once about a sushi restaurant, but amidst the seasonings was a delicate bowl half full with what appeared to be rough, granular salt. Evidently, this was a basic necessity they all had in common, and David wondered briefly if all species, from all planets, enjoyed salt. Following Blalok's lead, he pinched the salt with two fingers and sprinkled it onto his own meal.
Together, they dined. In between bites, David carried the conversation, asking Blalok about Bettua, Sartek, and Isara.
His companion replied in mostly short answers, then quite suddenly asked something for himself. "Is Liberty your best friend?"
David was taken somewhat off guard. He thought sincerely about the question, considering what E-I disclosed to him earlier, things about Bert he hadn't known. He was reminded of the feelings he'd experienced-about not truly knowing his friend. Just then, before answering Blalok's question, he made a silent commitment to himself to get to know his best friends better. "Yeah, Bert is one of my best friends. Alex is the other. They're both my best friends."
Blalok said nothing, only chewed his food thoughtfully.
"Probably like Isara and Sartek are to you; that's my guess, anyway."
"But, Bert is different," Blalok said flatly.
"Different? Well, yeah, I guess so. He's really, really smart for one thing. So smart, that he'll make your head spin."
Blalok stared blankly, perhaps not sure of the jargon.
"But, we're all different, aren't we?" David continued in between bites. "Think about it. Bert is really different, but you got stuck with me. Who do you think you'd get on with better, me or him?"
"Him," Blalok answered almost immediately, but then seemed to consider his answer more thoughtfully. "Or?perhaps I would get along well with you both."
David pretended to go squinty eyed and suspicious. "Blalok, are you trying to be my friend?" This time, he held his hand out.
Blalok took it, shaking it enthusiastically. "Yes, I endeavor to be your friend, and just for the sake of it."
"I'm not sure what that means, but back at'cha." David grinned widely.
After a thoroughly enjoyable dinner, Blalok showed him to his sleep quarters. They were simple but elegant, decorated similarly to the dining room, only there were a few objects that David thought must be art. Across the room in the corner, there was a small grotto with what appeared to be a shower, only the water ran in a tubular, fine mist, again from the floor to the ceiling where it just seemed to disappear. It was lit within-a lovely turquoise lighting. There were no towels, soap, or shampoo anywhere.
"Step in there to clean up," Blalok explained.
"Towels? Toilet paper? You know, the essentials?" David asked.
"You won't need a towel. The hydrolysis shower will wash you, then leave you dry. And don't worry, you should be able to breathe while you are in it." He spun about. "There are facilities in here." Motioning to another wall, he passed his hand over a teal colored spot on the wall. It instantly vaporized, revealing a small cubicle with what appeared to be a cylindrical tube about the size of a chair.
"I don't get it. You guys go to the bathroom in there??On that?" David gestured toward the tube.
"When the moment comes, just sit; you'll figure it out." Blalok nearly smiled. Then he pointed to the sleep chamber on the opposite side of the small room. "You can rest here. It is restorative. Sleep unclothed, or not-as you wish, and I will see you in six hours."
"Whoa, whoa?wait. What are you saying? I lay on that thing naked?" He pointed to the sleep chamber. "Sorry, Blalok, but I don't think that's really gonna work out."
"In. You lie in it, not on it. And it is your preference, but clothing can chafe," Blalok warned.
"Chafe? You mean like a wedgie?" He shook his head, "I don't think so, little dude; just point me to a couch or something."
"There are no couches; sleep in your chamber, or don't sleep." Blalok jutted his chin out in defiance.
David glanced nervously back and forth from Blalok to the empty tube that he was expected to sleep in. "Are you gonna, you know, go into one of these?"
"I do, every night."
David shifted his weight from one foot to the next. "All right?okay, but show me how to lock the door. If those marines bust in on us in the middle of the night, I don't want them seeing me?you know."
Blalok cocked his head to one side. "I assure you, they will not break in tonight. The Star is secure for approximately three point two days. Not until then will they be able to breach the hull."
"Excuse me, what? What are you saying-that the shields are gonna fail?" He took a step toward Blalok, not really meaning to appear aggressive. "And when were you going to tell me this?"
Blalok backed stepped back from him, his eyes wide. "I'm saying that we only have so much time before the hull deteriorates," he explained. "The Cerulean Star requires space travel to regenerate. Its outer shell will not survive indefinitely in this atmosphere."
David was stunned. "We have three days? You're just now telling me we only have three days? Blalok, we need to get our shit together! And we need to do it fast!"
"I don't understand, 'to get your shit togeth?'?"
"We don't have time to fool around here!" David cut him off rather harshly "We need a plan, and we need it now. In three days, you and me are gonna be in terminal lockdown." David swung his arms over his head. "Do you understand what I'm saying? They're gonna stick me in a hole so deep I'll never see the light of day again, and they're gonna stick a probe up your-they're gonna put you in a?" He trailed off, his mind racing.
Just then, something extraordinary happened.
The only other object in the room was a levi-chair. It sat opposite to what appeared to be a computer panel?and it moved. The chair shifted, not very far, only a few feet, but definitely a shift. Then it spun around several times before thudding hard against the wall.
David jumped back. "Hey! Why did you do that?"
Blalok only stared wordlessly at the chair.
"You did do that, right?"
"No, I don't think so."
"You don't think so? What does that mean, like maybe you did?" David was fairly agitated by now.
"No, I can pretty much guarantee that I did not." Blalok crossed his arms over his chest in finality.
"Then who?" David was confused.
"Some Bettuan are telekinetic, and also mildly telepathic. In addition, some of the females can be minimally avataristic."
"What does that mean? What are you saying? I don't understand the words coming out of your mouth!" David was utterly baffled, but then remembered that Bert mentioned something about superpowers.
Blalok took a slow breath before explaining to David that Bettuan could move small objects in fine ways. "Like the clasp of a necklace, or the shift of a lever. It's fairly common, but only a few Bettuan have ever been able to move objects larger than, say, a dinner plate. Sartek is the best at it, of the three of us." Then he added wryly, "And he's not really that good."
He allowed this to sink in for a second before he continued. "And some of us can plant and interpret thoughts on a subconscious level, but mostly just instinctual suggestions. Only a rare few Bettuan can formulate actual thoughts. I work very hard to not do this and to prevent others from doing it to me. I find it annoying and distracting."
"That's just crazy! And avatarbism? That other thing you said?"
"Avatarism-the ability to take electrical energy and channel it into an inanimate object. As I said, only the females of our species have exhibited this, and Isara doesn't appear to have that capability-not yet anyway. She is, however, a healer. Avatarism is quite rare, actually." Blalok seemed completely satisfied with his explanations and gazed blankly at David, waiting for a reply.
"And you?"
Blalok stood motionless, his lips not moving, but David heard him speak, in his head, very clearly. "Telepathic, yes. But, as I said, I prefer not to engage or be engaged with it."
David was stunned. He had the feeling that his mind had been subtly probed as well. "I thought you said it was rare to be able to plant real thoughts." He wasn't at all amused.
"It is."
The gravity of what Blalok was telling him started to sink in. "You're one freaky little guy, Blalok, but that doesn't explain the chair."
"I did not move the chair. And since I can guarantee that you and I are the only ones present, it appears that it must have been you."
This gave David serious pause. It hadn't occurred to him until now that Blalok really believed that he'd done it. "That's insane! I can't move stuff, haven't even ever tried."
"But you were quite agitated when it happened."
"I've been agitated before when things happen, but I've never seen anything move. It's just not right," David argued.
"However, you have never been agitated around a Bettuan," Blalok hypothesized.
"What are you saying? That aliens did this to me? Gave me this?power?" David was oversimplifying the notion a great deal.
"I am simply suggesting that given our limited circumstance, that as improbable as it seems, it is the distinct probability."
"Sweet mother?" David began but trailed off.
"I would suggest we revisit this in the morning. Until then, there is nothing to be gained from going further down this path. I am tired, and I would assume you are as well. Yes, we need a plan, but we've been awake for nearly twenty-seven point two hours. We need rest. E-I will take care of the ship while we sleep."
David was silent. He stared at the levi-chair, now apparently content to be unmoving on the other side of the room.
"David, I know we don't know each other well, and this is very foreign to you," Blalok spoke solemnly and sincerely as he motioned about himself. "But I am not just cerebral?I have good instincts, and I know you are sincerely concerned for our ship and your friends. Please don't panic. We have made the correct choices so far. We will communicate with them this afternoon, after they secure their computer device. It is the logical thing to do. E-I will help us, and then, as they say on Bettua, we must let fate direct the seas. It is beyond our control."
David didn't say anything for a moment. He simply regarded the odd little alien closely.
Blalok blinked and tilted his head back. The inky strands of his hair swung, smooth and sleek, before settling into place again, and the small, pointed peaks on his crown sparkled in tiny, lightening flashes. "David?we'll be okay."
He shook his head. "I hope you're right, Blalok. I hope you're right."
They said goodnight, and David was left alone with an intimidating sleep chamber and his own questionable tenacity. He eventually compromised, stripped down to his boxers, and stepped, one foot and then another, into the tube. "This is just stupid," he muttered out loud, "like I'm going to sleep naked on a goddamn floor."
Stepping into the chamber, he began to sit down, but before he could, he felt his feet slip from beneath him as he went instantly buoyant. The light within the tube dimmed as his body bobbed and then stabilized. Almost immediately, he was overcome with the sensation of a gentle, even pressure over every square inch of his body. It was warm, and soothing, and somehow hypnotizing. It even seemed to go into his ears and nose, but not unpleasantly. And, it was rather moist, in a lovely way, against his eyes and mouth when they were open.
The weight of their situation, the horrible odds which David now clearly recognized, crashed heavy against him. This boy carried great burdens, regarding and disregarding his current situation. Instantly aware of just how exhausted he was, he closed his eyes, allowing the sensation he was experiencing to wash over him even more as the lighting dimmed further.
Within moments, the cares of the day faded away, and all that was left was the gentle hum of the Star's engines. It was the most relaxing thing he'd ever experienced, and suddenly he felt like crying and wasn't at all sure why. Blalok was right, it was amazingly restorative!
In an instant, the human boy was sleeping and, except for some very mild chafing in places he would prefer not to speak of, it was perfect.



CHAPTER ELEVEN
?

Nearly two hours later, the four kids stepped off a bus in Chanute, Kansas. Liberty squinted into the late morning sun. The air was dry in his throat, and he noticed the brief, pained expression on Sartek's face as the alien swallowed thickly. He wondered if his new friend missed Bettua just now, with its massive oceans and hardly a scrap of dust. During their bus ride, Sartek told him, as he was observing the seemingly endless fields of corn that stretched flat all the way to the horizon, that there was virtually no land spot on his home planet from which water wasn't visible.
As if reading his mind, Alex nudged Liberty, handing him a bottle of water and indicating that he should pass it to Sartek.
"Thank you." The alien drank deeply.
"Sure. Now let's get Bert that thingy and get outa' here."
"This way," Liberty waved, moving in the direction of the intersections of Twenty-Sixth and Santa Fe. "Looks like there's an RV lot outside with a park. I think you guys should wait there. Try not to be noticed. I shouldn't be too long."
The three waited for him on the periphery of the small park, maintaining a good distance from anybody who might see them. Truthfully, the only other people in the tiny park were a handful of vagrants, most of whom were enjoying a midmorning siesta on the benches.
Walking into the Walmart, Liberty went directly to the service department to retrieve a two hundred dollar gift card and the ipad bundle that had been overnighted to him. All he had to show for it was his library card. He was never without his library card; it was one of the few things Liberty possessed that identified who he was, and it did so in a most perfect way. E-I knew this and had configured the transaction in a fashion to suit this notion. Clearly the boy didn't have a driver's license, and so the items were only be handed over with proof of the library.
Now, he fished it from his front pants pocket and handed it to the woman behind the counter. He was barely able to contain his excitement. She appeared skeptical at first. It was certainly highly unusual for a transaction to have this criteria, and she turned the ragged card over in her hands several times. After briefly studying the little boy with the endearingly crazy hair, she double checked her batch orders before kindly handed over the expensive items.
"Well, someone sure loves you!" She smiled widely as though the items were a gift coming straight from her. In this fashion, the exchange went off without a hitch. Liberty was visibly trembling as she passed him the bag.
"You guys really are great with service." He grinned up at her, then made a quick sweep of the store, picking up toothbrushes, soap, bottled water, and a bag of trail mix. On his way out, he grabbed a bag of fishburgers from the in-store McDonalds.
"Fishburgers? Really?" Alex wrinkled her nose as he passed them around.
"I was trying to think what they might like for lunch," Liberty defended himself, hitching his thumb toward Isara and Sartek, but by the looks on their faces, it was a bust. They left the remains in the brush for the raccoons, gobbled up the french fries, and left the park.
Within an hour, the four were on the bus to Hutchinson. After a morning of success, their confidence was escalating, and they anticipated free sailing to their next destination. They were perhaps a small bit cavalier as this bus was chock full.
Settled comfortably toward the back of the bus, it was only after about thirty minutes, just as they were comfortable and chatting in whispers, when they met their first close call with discovery.
The three older males, perhaps in their late teens or early twenties, were sitting with two of them together and one across the aisle, about four rows ahead of them. Evidently bored with the drive to Hutchinson, they were laughing too loudly and pointing to other passengers on the bus. It was one of those situations where the louder the group grew, the quieter everyone else became, doing their best to ignore the escalating commotion.
"What's that?" one of the young men, the obvious leader, asked of no one in general, pointing at Sartek. He spoke loud enough for everyone on the bus to hear.
Sartek slumped down in his seat, pulling his hoodie farther down over his eyes.
Isara shifted sideways in her seat, obviously nervous and valiantly pretending to look out the window.
Realizing he needed to run damage control, but not at all sure how, Liberty stuttered, not really knowing what he was going to say. He didn't need to, either, because he was superbly interrupted. Alex was on her feet and shoved Liberty's fluffy white head in an "I got this" gesture.
"Alex," Liberty warned under his voice, "just let it go."
It was too late. The young man wouldn't be denied such an opportunity and pushed himself up out of his seat and into the aisle of the bus, as though to confront the thirteen year old girl. He towered easily over Alex, but it was she who advanced three steps toward the male.
Liberty was immediately concerned with Alex's decision to take the young man on and stood up, reaching out to her as though he might drag her back into her seat and quiet her. It was no use. She was already a well away from him and advancing even more upon the stranger. "Why don't you mind your own business, halfwit?"
"Why don't you make me?" The stranger pointed at Isara and Sartek. "And what are a couple freaks doin' on the bus anyways?" He closed the ground between he and Alex, but pulled up short when she stood her ground, fearlessly counter attacking.
"What? You gonna go all redneck racist? Be a bigot? All tough in front of everyone here, when we have visitors from Russia? And cancer patients, no less? Way to be a man! You treat your momma that way?" Alex didn't hesitate to press even further upon him and flung her hands upward toward his face.
Liberty was amazed, first that Alex was so instantly prepared to take on someone so much bigger than she was, and second, that she'd chosen to identify the visiting aliens as cancer stricken Russians. She never failed to surprise him, and it certainly worked, setting the young man right back on his heels.
"You know the problem with bullies?" Alex threw the question in his face. "Nobody kicked their ass when they first needed it!"
The stranger started to stammer something, now obviously uncertain how to proceed. Even so, Liberty still felt the strong need to intervene in the situation and stepped into the aisle. Curiously, he didn't need to. Before he could say or do anything, two impossible things happened.
Up to the point of the altercation, most of the other passengers had been engaged by their own laptops, tablets, and other various personal electronic devices. A pair of older Amish women were knitting and conversing quietly to each other, and a handful of passengers had taken the opportunity to nap. As is human nature, almost simultaneously, everyone on the bus abandoned whatever they were doing, turning their interests from their own business to watch the exchange between Alex and the young man. So, no one noticed when all the electronics devices, the ones that were activated, shut off at exactly the same time.
Alex was firing up for round two when something very unusual distracted both her and the young man. An MP3 player was wedged in the man's front jeans pocket. The ear buds, which were connected to the player, suddenly disengaged from the unit, pulling themselves free. Entirely loose and dangling freely, they flew up and around in the air, all of their own accord, swinging wildly in a circle. Then, they wrapped themselves quite alarmingly about the youth's neck and began to tighten.
All eyes were on the man as he seemed to instantly forget all about Alex. He was now very preoccupied with his own reasonably desperate situation. The headphone wires tightened even more, the earbuds themselves hovering like angry hornets, pecking at his face. He clawed at the device, breaking the delicate wires fairly easily. The bits of wire and connector fell, lifeless and in broken segments, to the floor in front of him.
Everyone on the bus was spun about in their seats, staring dumfounded at the youth with the faint red strangulation marks around his neck. Everyone shared the same wide eyed, slacked jawed expression on their faces-everyone but Alex.
She was bent over, clutching her belly, and staggered backward. Flopping back into her seat, she dropped her head between her knees. Grabbing for the vomit bag from the pocket on the back of the seat in front of her, she held it open in front of her face and fanned herself with one hand. No one really noticed this as everyone was still preoccupied with the freak incident of a moment before.
Incidentally, this wasn't the end of it; before anyone had time to consider what just happened, something else quite unusual happened. Words, almost like a thought, entered the minds of everyone on the bus, and they were painfully loud, as though being called from a megaphone.
They aren't aliens. They're normal-just like us.
While the broadcasted words seemed to invade the thoughts of all present, Liberty pitched violently backward, his hands immediately up to his head.
Everyone else, aliens included, cowered and looked about as though the words had come from a loudspeaker overhead.
The young man, who'd only a minute before been almost choked to death by his own headphones, was suddenly visibly relaxed. "I can see they're just like us. Don't know what I was thinking a second ago. Sorry guys. No worries, kay?" He spoke loud enough for everyone around to hear him clearly. The youth then slid back down into his seat, reseated his broken ear-buds into his ears, with the severed wires still dangling, and reclined his chair back, closing his eyes as though he might enjoy a nap.
Everybody else on the bus seemed likewise convinced that nothing at all was amiss and went back to their books, knitting, or enjoying the passing scenery. Furthermore, they appeared content to ignore their universally dead electronics.
By now, the nausea and abdominal pain appeared to be abating. Alex grabbed Liberty by the arm, easing him down into his seat. "You okay, Bert? Is it your blood-sugar?"
"No, I'm?It's just that?" He didn't finish, only closed his eyes and cradled his head in his hands.
Sartek passed him what was left of his water and looked back and forth between the two. "Alex? Are you avataristic? Bert, are you telepathic?"
"What? No!" Alex answered before Liberty had a chance to. "I don't even know what that means, except for maybe that 3D movie that I never saw. And for sure Bert would've known by now if he was telepathic." Then she seemed unsure of herself. "But something sure talked inside my head, and it didn't just talk to me-I believed what it said, like I was convinced."
"I know," Sartek noted. "It was definitely telepathic, but it also had a very strong concealed suggestion. Neither Isara nor I can do that?but Blalok can." He directed his comment to Isara. "But, Blalok isn't here right now; he's on the ship with David."
"And the incident with the head wires? Perhaps?" Isara spoke to Alex but let her voice trail off.
By then, Liberty could take a sip of water, but he remained a worrisome ashen color.
Alex poured a bit of her water into her palm and flicked droplets onto Liberty's face, which only annoyed him.
"I'm okay," he protested, "but yeah, I was thinking almost exactly what everyone heard, only I was more wishing they believed it?and it just came out loud. I know that doesn't make any sense, but that's exactly how it happened, at least to me."
Isara and Sartek regarded one another for a long, serious moment.
"Has that ever happened before?" Alex asked Liberty before anyone else had the chance to.
"No, never. I mean, yeah, sure I've wished for things before, but never felt like it was broadcasted like that, and never like my head was going to explode afterwards."
Sinking farther down into his seat, Sartek spoke softly to the humans-covert explanations of the telepathic and subliminally suggestive powers that some Bettuan possessed. "But most of them are just pieces of thoughts-small suggestions-like a few pieces of a puzzle. It's seldom even a complete thought, and it's really rare that someone can so strongly plant a thought like just happened, and to more than one person at a time." He paused. "Blalok can, but he's really different-the very rare exception."
"And for the most part, he refuses to do it and is pretty good at keeping others from doing it to him," Isara added.
"I wasn't controlling it, not really. I more like?wished it. I wanted them to believe it," Liberty quietly explained. "But what about that other thing? That totally freak thing with the headphones that couldn't have come at a better time?"
Alex shifted in her seat, and all eyes were suddenly on her. "I don't know what happened." They leaned in close as she lowered her voice to a whisper. "I didn't mean to do that. I'm not even sure I did." She wrung her fingers together like she sometimes did when she was in trouble and knew it. "I was just mad as crap-was thinking to myself that he should just shut up, that I'd like to wrap his stupid headphones around his stupid neck." She stared at her feet. "I didn't mean for it to happen, really I didn't." She gazed at Liberty. "But, I thought it. For sure, as we're all sitting here, I thought it."
Isara reached her arm around Alex's shoulders. "What you may have done is called Avatarism. It means you have taken energy from somewhere else and channeled it into an inanimate object, animating it."
"What? You're saying I brought those things to life?" Alex gritted her teeth.
Sartek explained, "Alex, Bert, what the two of you just did are abilities some Bettuan have, though not nearly so strong at it. It makes sense that it may have something to do with you being with us."
Confusion clouded Alex's face.
Liberty stepped in, directing his comment to Sartek and Isara. "Guys, we-and I mean humans when I say that-don't have the skills to do things like this. This is really, really unusual."
"Well, I'm not sure about all that, but it sure made me feel sick for a few seconds." Alex stuffed the barf bag back into the seat back.
For a while, the four just rode in silence, each lost in their thoughts of the incident. Sartek and Isara slumped down in their seats, but that wasn't really necessary. It seemed everyone on the bus was quite convinced that the unusual passengers were just a couple more humans on their way to Hutchinson, Kansas.
Luckily, Liberty hadn't installed the battery or powered up the notebook before the unusual events, so it was unaffected, had been spared the energy drain. He was able to power it up after the incident. During the remainder of the bus ride, he familiarized him self with it, including Google earth searching the address of the rental house. He knew their stop well in advance.
It was late in the afternoon when they stepped off the bus, just under eight blocks from their new, temporary home. Fairly exhausted and stressed from the events on the bus, they were dragging tails by the time they reached the house. Liberty was relieved to find the key in the fake rock, just where David said it would be. To the delight of all of them, on the stoop of the little house also sat several boxes of delivered groceries.
"Looks like E-I set us up with a delivery service." Liberty held up the order slip for all to see. Inside the boxes they found frozen chicken pot pies, pizzas, and smoked salmon There were also cookies, a vegetables-which would likely be ignored-and several bottles of juices and sodas. Best of all, tucked into the cardboard cooler between several freezer packets, were four frozen pineapple banana smoothies that thee dove into straightaway.
"This is awesome," Alex cheered, digging deeper into the box and holding up frozen toaster pastries. "Thank you E-I!"
"You'd love E-I. I don't know what we'd do without him," Isara clasped her hands together in excitement.
"Come on." Sartek hoisted the box easily onto one shoulder. "Let's get inside and get organized. We've got a lot to do."
Alex locked the door behind them when they were all inside.
The house was a very warm ninety-two degrees inside. Liberty slurped his smoothie, walked over to the thermostat, and set it to seventy-four. This caused the air-conditioner to kick on, and both Isara and Sartek jumped visibly at the sudden overhead sound.
"Air-conditioning," Alex explained, hoisting her drink above her head. "It's awesome. We don't have it at The Home."
Sartek walked across the living room to a glass slider that offered them a view out over the small back yard, an irrigation ditch, and a small field beyond. On the edge of the field was a high fence, topped with coiled barbed wire. This was all that separated them from the vast acres of flat, barren expanse that stretched beyond it. In the very far distance, heat waves distorted a cluster of dirt colored buildings.
"The base?"
"Yep, that would be Hutchinson Naval Air Station." Liberty walked up behind him and stood at his elbow. They all listened as he explained further. "It has a five thousand foot runway with underground storage bays, and covers nearly four thousand acres." Pulling the hanging, vertical blinds nearly shut, he turned away from the glass door. "They claim they converted it to a Vocational School now, but you can't get into it as a civilian. Weird, huh?"
He went on to explain to the other three how in 1958, when the Russians launched the Sputnik satellite, the American response had been to dig several strategic facilities deep underground. One of these facilities, NORAD, was well known by the public. It not only had branches in Colorado but in Alaska and Canada as well. These branches of the North American Aerospace Defense Command were enormous and incredibly fortified.
His excitement rose as he went on to describe the existence of several lesser known "Special Access Program" facilities. According to Liberty, the functions of these varied widely, ranging from securing the U.S. Government in the event of a globally catastrophic incident (whose primary base was in West Virginia), to Area fifty-one in Nevada, which he remained convinced was the secret headquarters of UFO and paranormal activity. He also believed that a good portion of Hutchinson Air Force Base served a similar function.
"I'm still hungry," Alex slurped the last of her smoothie, evidently having enough of his overly detailed explanation." Let's clean up and eat. Then we can figure out what to do next," she interrupted the last of his narrative. It was no secret that he could go on for some time about such things.
"Yes, I could eat more," Sartek agreed, and so the four focused on settling in.
The rental house was furnished, and there were two full bathrooms in it. The girls quickly claimed one-the one with the tub. About half an hour later they were all washed up and sitting around the small dining room table. Frozen pizzas were warming in the oven; they had a few minutes before dinner would be ready. Liberty pulled the notebook from his backpack.
"It needs a name," Alex suggested before he had a chance to turn it on.
"A name?" Isara's wondered out loud.
"Yeah, what we're doing. You know, a mission name. Or else it's not lucky."
"I don't understand?" Sartek shook his head.
"Let's call it The Phoenix," Bert offered suddenly.
"What is a phoenix?" Isara was not clear on it.
"Yeah." Alex didn't know either. "What's that mean?"
"It's a mythical bird. It dies in a terrible, fiery way, but is then reborn from its own ashes." His eyes widened as he described it and he looked overhead as though he could see the mythical bird. "It's graceful, brave, and immortal, and it rises again, against all odds."
The other three were obviously stunned by the short but poignant tale-and deeply moved.
Isara swallowed heavily. "It is a fitting name, given our situation," she noted quietly.
"A fitting name and a good destiny," Liberty assured them all. "We'll get the Star back. I promise, and it will fly again."



CHAPTER TWELVE
?

Liberty's theories regarding military and governmental secret operations, especially involving organizations like NORAD and Hutchinson, were spot on, even if most believed them to be conspiracy theories. General Jacobs' secret assignments to special tasks, if known to the public, would most certainly prove many of his beliefs to be true.
All six foot three inches of the general stood on an overhead scaffolding as the Cerulean Star was painstakingly pulled into the awaiting bay. They were almost exactly two miles underground-not straight down but strategically at an angle, following the natural slant of the underground geology.
Most people from Kansas were unaware that a great deal of the eastern part of the state, especially mid to Northeastern Kansas, was made up of nearly horizontal beds of limestone and shale beneath the topsoil. This lent itself perfectly to the development of underground tunnels and man made caverns. The relatively undisturbed millions of years of layered bedrock now supported a vast network of hidden facilities, and it was here that the Star was being taken.
Jacobs had a headache. Lately, he was increasingly preoccupied with the notion that aging was inevitable. This sat poorly with him. He was a warrior, and old age wasn't something a warrior was supposed to live to see, he believed.
This thought nipped at the edges of his subconscious as he allowed his eyes to scan the cavernous room. He dug briefly through his fatigues vest pocket for the packets of Tylenol that were never far from his side, then abandoned his search, wondering instead if he'd exceeded his allowed dose for the day. Last week, he'd been cautioned at his yearly physical about his overconsumption of Tylenol. "Liver damage," the flight surgeon-a friend-had cautioned. The bourbon on the rocks he enjoyed most evenings weren't going to help his liver either, he'd been warned.
The general's brow was permanently creased from a long life of stressful, strategic operations, but in all truth, he'd never encountered anything like this before. He'd received ongoing reports about the strange find, updating him on the transport of the unidentified craft, but nothing could prepare him for what he now saw.
The battle tanks, tiny in comparison to the vessel, towed the strange ship almost half way into the chamber before the cables were transferred to several massive winches. These were connected at the opposite end of the vault, anchored heavily to the wall. They groaned with immense effort as the ship was strategically maneuvered into the center of the bay. Then it was secured with cables from nearly every angle to a series of giant cleats, affixed roughly every ten feet apart.
Despite the enormous size of the underground chamber, the foreign object seemed to barely fit. When the Kevlar drape was slowly withdrawn from the ship, the milky white, glowing ellipse illuminated the entire space. The Cerulean Star was breathtaking, even in its dormant form.
Like cobwebs in a vacant house, platforms sprang immediately into place up and around the Star. Scaffoldings climbed alongside it, crawling up its sleek body, shaping a new, foreign exo-skeleton that appeared terribly out of place.
Jacobs stared, visibly overwhelmed by what he saw.
"We believe there are extraterrestrials aboard it, sir." Lieutenant Colonel Taylor, inflated with self importance, walked his stocky frame briskly up to the general. "Possibly, a small platoon." The colonel was young, in his mid thirties, and had risen through the ranks with lightening speed. This was a result of his unbending and voracious tenacity and determination, but it was no secret the colonel ran short on compassion
"What makes you believe that?" the general asked him bluntly, running his fingers through his cropped, graying hair. Jacobs was a man who took nothing for face value.
The colonel seemed surprised by the question, but gathered himself without hesitation. "Well, it's obvious that the vessel is not terrestrial, and given what we've seen, it is most likely a military ship-we believe."
"Who believes? And what have your seen?" The general's natural, inborn nature was also one of suspicion, and he was still fairly unconvinced. Reaching into his pocket, he retrieved a flip top bottle of antacids and poured the last one into his hand before tossing it into his mouth. "And how are you so sure this isn't from Earth? And you better be specific, mister?"
"Taylor, sir-Lieutenant Colonel Taylor. And with all due respect, sir, we recognize none of this technology. We don't even know what it's made of." Taylor peeled out of his uniform jacket, hanging it on the back of a chair. It was obvious he was fit as could be; the long sleeve shirt fit almost too snug across his chest and biceps. For some reason, this rubbed the general wrong today.
"You do not have my due respect unless it has been earned, which it hasn't, yet. And isn't that what we've brought it here for in the first place? To figure it out? What it's made of and that sort of thing?"
Patience was short for the general this afternoon. He was fifty-eight years old. His wife, Penny, was thirty-seven and not particularly happy with their recent reassignment to Kansas. Add to this the fact that he believed his daughter seemed to have lost her mind entirely, and he found himself more frequently at work, something he hadn't anticipated as he'd approached his sixties.
"When had it become so complicated to be a fifteen year old girl?" he'd asked his wife this morning, and she'd answered him with an accusation of insensitivity. Jacobs left for the base feeling it would be a welcome break from an already difficult day. That wasn't proving to be the case after all.
"Yes, sir, but we've had a team looking at it, even during the transport, and this ship isn't like anything we've ever seen before." Taylor was obviously thrilled with the thought of an alien military force within their grasp.
"When will we have the entire team here?" The general referred to the international team of experts who were on standby for certain unforeseen "events" that might compromise humanity. It was a top secret list of very special people, and should anyone on the list receive the summons, they were to drop whatever they were doing and come immediately, no matter how far away they might be. The list had never been called before now.
"At least half of them will be assembled by fifteen hundred. They'll be ready for a briefing by fifteen thirty, sir. I'm sure we'll have more information for you by then."
The general turned away from him, much more intrigued with the vessel. It occurred to him how unusual it was that, once he laid eyes on it, he couldn't seem to drag his gaze from it. He wondered if it had the same effect on others. This set him on edge-a weakness, perhaps. He was trained to pay close attention to notions such as this.
Forcing himself to look away, he pushed his left sleeve up and checked his watch. Squinting and moving his wrist first near and then far, he was finally able to focus on the tiny roman numerals. He'd been too stubborn to bring his reading glasses to work yet, even though he could scarcely read without them any more. Another sign of weakness, he thought.
Taylor whipped out his cell phone. "It's three twenty-two, sir."
This irked the general. Why did a bunch of idiots believe a cell phone was so much better than a good watch? And when an EM pulse blasted them, how were they gonna' tell time then? Served them right! Wasn't it the colonel's generation that actually believed in the zombie apocalypse? Let him try to figure out when it was his turn to make his stupid rounds then!
He let go a silent groan. Three twenty-two. Just enough time to grab a bad cup of coffee before the meeting.
The colonel stood at attention, awaiting further instructions. This Was the icing on the cake, annoying the general now to completeness. He took one last look at the ship as it was being slowly unveiled of its Kevlar blanket. It was like watching a butterfly emerge from a cocoon. It made him terribly uneasy, but at the same time, on some level?it thrilled him. He turned on his heel. "I'll see you in the briefing room," was all he said, effectively closing the conversation.
Minutes later, he opened the door to the briefing room where fifteen men and women were assembled. Everyone at the table was talking all at once, a charged excitement fueling the multiple conversations. They all fell silent with the entrance of the general; the man carried with him a countenance of supreme authority. Even so, the air remained alive with an electric anticipation of this most extraordinary event.
The general paused, glancing briefly at each one in turn before clearing his throat and moving to the head of the table where he chose to remain standing.
Behind him, Taylor filed in and took a stance of attention-arms behind his back, feet apart-and standing at the opposite end of the briefing table.
"Taylor, take a seat. This isn't an interrogation." Jacobs gestured toward the chair in the far corner and the colonel obliged before the general continued. "First off, I need to know what we're up against. As of twelve thirty, the Commander in Chief has been notified. I anticipate we will have a briefing scheduled with him before too long."
The air was heavy with anticipation, but no one immediately responded.
Finally, a small man with silver hair, wearing a white lab jacket, eased up and out of his chair. "We've an alien ship, sir."
Taylor seemed smugly gratified with this comment.
Jacobs just stared at the man as though he'd grown an arm out of his forehead. "Really?we have an alien ship. That's all you have for me?"
The slight fellow, who was indeed a scientist, adjusted his absurd, green and red checked tie with no improvement. "That is to say, we're strongly convinced it is not from our planet."
"And what was your first clue?" The general checked himself just then, realizing that perhaps he'd taken the sarcasm a bit too far. These people were extremely educated.
The scientist, however, appeared to take the question literally. "The surface, sir. We've never seen anything like it." He went on to further explain, "We've been able to determine that the shell is composed of helium and something else. However, that something else is an element unknown. And how it bonds with the helium is also a mystery to us."
At this point, the scientist became much more animated; his eyes shone like sunshine off a raindrop. "It shouldn't do that, but it does! In a helical, honeycombed pattern that we've never seen before. And there's something else. We figured this out, not because we could take a sample of it-when we tried, it was impossible to harvest-but it appears to be?decaying, for lack of a better word."
The general listened closely. He remained quiet for a good long while as he digested this information and finally asked, "Is there a chance North Korea could've pulled this?"
He was met with blank stares all around.
"Negative, general," a woman spoke. She pushed slowly up from her chair, and all eyes focused on her. Clearing her throat, she waited for the murmurs to subside before continuing, "That's not a possibility. This technology is beyond anything mankind can fabricate, friend or foe." The woman was striking in a stark way, dark hair pulled severely back in a single ponytail, her charcoal grey suit in sharp contrast to the starched, white lab coat she wore, pockets stuffed with notepads, pens, calculator-the various tools of a scientist's life.
All were silent now. The general's eyes narrowed, and he studied the woman intensely before finally asking, "What makes you so sure this technology is not owned by someone else, Ms??"
"Bennett, sir." Her eyes were a vivid, electric blue, and though they seemed almost damp with fear when she spoke, her voice indicated otherwise. "And to answer your question, allow me to say several things." She extended her hands as though she were simply beginning a lecture. 
"First off, if this technology existed elsewhere on earth, it would have been next to impossible to hide. It emits an, uhm, radiation-if you will." Bennett glanced at her colleagues now, as though to appeal to their support. "Kinda' like an alpha radiation, but not only is the photon wave electric and magnetic, it's something else altogether." She shifted, as though she was uncomfortable with her own lack of explanation. She laced her fingers together and held them up in front like a small tent. "This wavelength is narrower than anything we've ever seen, and it appears to be unstable."
"What?" This got the general's attention straight up. You mean, like some kind of weapon?"
"No, no, not at all. At least I don't believe so," Bennett was quick to reply. "More like?" She appeared almost embarrassed to continue. "Like something faltering-failing. It defies what we know, but it is deteriorating, randomly, and we can't be certain that it's stable."
"It's outside of our intelligence?"
"That is an oversimplification. It is outside of what we know about physics." She said this as though it should sum the importance of the find up completely. "This thing doesn't belong here, and it's?dying." The limited amount of information the team was able to convey was really quite substantial, given how short a length of time they'd been able to study it.
Nobody said a word. In reality, there was a whole lot of nothing to say. None could offer any further explanation of what rested so elegantly only a short one hundred and fifty meters from them.
"Why hasn't it resisted?" Jacobs pressed them. "Just up and flown away? Is it damaged?"
It was another scientist who tried to answer his question this time. Mr. Geller was seated next to Bennett, and he struggled to rise from his chair, all five feet-two inches of him. He was nearly as wide as he was tall, and his hair, what little he had, was smoothed in a singular wave back over his head. He shifted his substantial weight back and forth, one foot to the other, as though he'd been much more comfortable sitting.
The general stared at him, wondering if the man was anxious or merely needed a trip to the latrine. Secretly, Jacobs immediately judged the man, simply for his obesity. It was one of his few shortcomings.
The scientist raised a pencil to almost ear level as though he wasn't entirely sure if he should speak. "Well?" Jacobs was impatient. "Is there a secret here we're going to keep, just for the hell of it?"
"We don't know for sure?" Geller said with a flourish, "why it hasn't resisted. There's always the possibility that it isn't armed, but unless it suffered a disabling event, we're not at all certain why it didn't at least try to escape." He licked his lips and glanced nervously at Bennett. She indicated he should continue. "It was almost too passive in the way it presented itself. At least that's the conclusion most of us have come to," he spoke for the group.
Several scientists around the table nodded their agreement before he found the courage to continue. "It was too easy to capture it?" He paused. "And its surface appeared fine, initially. It's only as time's gone by that the shell of it seems to have become increasingly unstable."
Scientist Geller seemed close to becoming unstable himself, and so Bennett took the opportunity to take over again while the heavy man slipped back into his chair. "From the rate of decay that it's suffering, we estimate maybe four days tops before this thing loses whatever it is that surrounds it." She appealed in earnest to the general, "What we don't know about this vessel is a lot. Rather than information, we're discovering just how much we can't seem to figure out. And in four days, good or bad, we're going to know a great deal more about it."
There were murmurs amongst the group as though they were all equally baffled and in agreement with this exceedingly over simplified explanation.
The general directed his attention to Lieutenant Colonel Taylor. "You said you believe it to be a military vessel, and I still have no good reason to agree with you other than your hunch, which frankly just irritates the shit out of me. But I'll be damned if I'm going to let some blob of who knows what-the-fuk land in my country and compromise national security."
Taylor started to object, but he waved him to silence before resting his hands on the edge of the conference table. "An unstable alien ship is not an option. Do I make myself clear on that? If we cannot stabilize it, and soon, I will blow it back to where it came from. Secure that vessel, gentlemen-and ladies. Figure it out, and do it today! Understand?"
Jacobs stood and pointed at the conference room door. "And I want us to clear this base of all civilian personnel. Unless they're directly involved in discovery or security, they are out of here." He now focused on Taylor. "If we're sitting on some kind of a bomb, and it goes off in four days, I want to limit collateral damage as much as possible." Hitting the intercom on the conference room table, he demanded of no one, "And get me the president, now!"
A generically efficient voice came back through the intercom almost immediately. "Yes sir; he is scheduled for a visual conference in twenty-two minutes. We've implemented security level three on the operation. You can meet us in debriefing room A, sir."
The general scrutinized his science team closely, his eyes narrowed. It frustrated him that he essentially knew a whole lot more of absolutely nothing, but he had no greater ideas either, and dismissed the group. At least his wife would be pleased to be out of Hutchinson. He'd already decided to see if he could get her and Sylvia back to D.C. tonight-back where they would be close to family and home.
Why couldn't aliens just stay in their own goddamn end of the universe?



CHAPTER THIRTEEN
?

The pizza wasn't quite ready, so while they waited, the kids crowded around Liberty's chair, peering over his shoulder as he initiated the ipad and hooked up the long range extender. He gave them a weak smile and in short time signaled the Star for the first time since they'd received the e-mail in the library.
Alex could hardly stand still. She kept grabbing Isara and Sartek by the arm, in turn, with outbursts like, "You think they're okay? You think they'll know we're trying to contact them?"
The aliens had no good answers, and Liberty hushed them all as he got closer to making a connection. Within moments, he'd secured a session initiation protocol proxy on the tablet with a virtual private network. In essence, he'd devised his own platform so that, in the end, they had a secure video program. In other words, he could now privately conference with David, Blalok, and E-I?in video. They were going to "Super Secret Skype" an alien ship was how Liberty explained it. He was meticulous with tasks such as these, but even so, when David's face appeared on the screen, he was immensely relieved.
Alex let out a squeal of delight. "Heya, Davey! How you doin'?" She nearly shoved Liberty off his chair to get a better look.
David was sitting. Adjusting his end of the transmission source, he pulled the screen down, and another figure, nearly a head shorter, came briefly into view. After the camera appeared to swing wildly for a few seconds, both figures came into sight at opposite diagonal corners of the screen.
"Hi guys! I'm okay, but we're seriously running out of time. This is Blalok. He's cool, and a super-nerd too. But you could beat him at chess, Bert. I know you could."
"Will you quit saying that?" Blalok implored. "You are really annoying me-and I believe you are aware of that!" All they could see of the alien was from the nose up, but from the expression in his glowing eyes, his frustration was obvious.
David just grinned and tilted the screen a bit more toward Blalok so that Alex and Liberty could further make his acquaintance.
Liberty was immediately intrigued by the smallest alien, the one he'd not yet formally met, but heard so much about. Like Isara and Sartek, his features held with the same pale green skin coloring, long, thin nose, and small mouth. Just as the other two, his charcoal hair was blunt cut, with the same glistening wet appearance and peculiar way of moving all at once. His eyes, however, instead of the variable shade of green like Isara's and Sartek's, were a brilliant lemon yellow and huge!
Maybe it was because he was smaller than the others that his eyes seemed so extraordinarily large for his head. As though immediately recognizing this, he rolled them, in obvious exasperation and stated simply, "Your most irritating friend is correct. My name is Blalok, and since I am sure you already knew this, and since we have now wasted nearly a minute of our time, perhaps we can get to matters at hand."
In his lap sat a creature that could only be interpreted as a pet. It circled once and disappeared, evidently content to be coiled in comfort on the knees of its irascible master.
There were grins all around from the group in the safe house, but Liberty was consumed with a strong sense of urgency and pressed on. "Hi guys-Blalok, nice to meet you. We made it here without too much problems, but like you said, it's only so long before they're onto us. So may I speak with E-I? I think I have an idea, but I'm gonna' need his expertise." He remembered what David said about the computer taking offense to being called an "it" and decided he would always address it by its chosen name and gender.
Seconds later, the virtual voice, not at all similar to the standard computer enhanced robotic voice on earth's more advanced systems, spoke, "Hello Bert. I'm pleased to make your acquaintance." It was almost formal.
Liberty immediately conjured up in his imagination an English butler, but perhaps with ninja skills. Jumping directly to the matter at hand, he said, "E-I, I need plans-a facility layout. We need to know exactly where the Star is and all access points to it, no matter how minor they may appear. Electric, hydraulic-everything. If a bug can get through it, I need to know."
"I understand completely," was E-I's reply.
His short response prompted a mild look of surprise on Blalok's face.
Alex, Isara, and Sartek had so much to say-so many questions for their on-board friends-but Liberty hushed them again so he could concentrate further. In only a few minutes, he received an encrypted e-mail with everything he'd asked for. To his further amazement, he also had transcripts of incredibly confidential documents, including correspondences between strategic members of the military and the president. His eyes were enormous as he briefly scanned over the documents. "E-I, I don't understand how you?" He trailed off as the documents continued to up-load, one after another.
"Simple, really," E-I replied. "Your government's computer security systems on Earth depend upon cryptographic technology that is a continually modified series of information clusters."
"Yeah, I know. That's why it's so hard to crack."
"Unless you have a friend," E-I said, sounding alarmingly human.
"I don't understand, who are you talking-?"
"The internet," E-I replied before he could finish, "with the help of someone named Vole. I assume you are acquainted?"
Liberty's eyes widened.
"This individual is appreciably qualified, as none other are. With his help, I have coordinated the complex systems that represent your "internet" into one arrangement," E-I continued, "This arrangement, unlike any that have been intrinsic to the internet before now, has central authority?my authority."
"I?I don't understand," Isara began.
"It is sentient, and although I cannot override it from the Cerulean Star, Vole can. He was able to give me enough information that I was able to gain this authority, for me, through him." E-I seemed satisfied with this explanation.
"Uhm?" Liberty was at a loss for words.
"It thinks," E-I explained further, meaning the central authority. "And yes, it is my friend. I have named it Aurora, although Vole wanted to name it Samuel L. He would not explain why."
Sartek and Isara looked at each other. David was laughing from the corner of the notebook screen. It was Blalok who said what everyone was likely thinking. "E-I has his first friend." This was met with giggles from the girls and Blalok added, "And, yes; it is secure?for now." He cupped his hand on the screen as though to prevent E-I from hearing. "It's going to be tough when we have to finally kill it."
"I can hear you," E-I interjected.
"Can you get updates, so we know what's going on from the military's point of view?" Liberty next needed to know.
"Not likely. They will certainly have specialists who are already aware of the compromise, and further communication with Vole will put him largely at risk. Furthermore, continued breaches will only make us appear hostile. It may provoke them into an offensive. Contact at this point should be limited until absolutely necessary."
After more discussion and debating, about an hour later, the six children and E-I had a fundamental plan. Liberty left the ipad on with a virtual alarm system loaded to trigger him awake if David or Blalok needed to urgently contact them. The four in the house said goodnight to the two on-board. By then, the pizza was overdone, so Alex broke it up and tossed it in pieces into the back yard, "For the birds," and Liberty ordered delivery from some place called Big Bean Pizza. Before long, they were sitting in a semi circle on the living room floor, diving into the fresh, steaming pizza they'd ordered.
"I've never had anchovies on a pizza," Alex said grinning at Liberty's attempt to further accommodate their fish eating friends.
"Me either. It's really not so bad, huh?" he said with much more enthusiasm than he really felt.
"It's terrible," Alex scoffed, tossing the slice back into the box and reaching for a slice of plain pepperoni instead. "I didn't say I liked it, only that I've never had it before. It tastes like pond mud."
"More for me," Sartek said happily and snatched up the abandoned slice, shoving a bite into his mouth and chewing cheerily. It was fairly obvious that pizza with anchovies was a big hit with the two Bettuan kids.
The evening began to unfold very differently from the evening before. They sat safely on the living room carpet and were able to share dinner and openly tell stories about their respective homes, families, friends, and lives. Conversation was lighthearted and laughter abundant.
They took turns talking. Sartek and Isara became better acquainted with the situation of The Home, and developed a better understanding of the bond between the three human children. This only served to increase their awareness of the profound sacrifice that David made for them the day before, sprinting across the meadow in a gallant effort to protect them.
Alex and Liberty learned more details of the Bettuan' homes and the terrible disaster that cast them away. As the evening wore on, Liberty became more determined than ever that his new friends should get to their ship and be free, back to the stars where they belonged. Dinner was over, and the rest of the pizza was stored safely in the fridge "for breakfast," Alex explained.
The evening lengthened, and the group decided to drag their pillows and blankets into the living room for a spend the night, all together rather than sleeping in the bedrooms. It was dark now; the gravity of the mission ahead and the fatigue of a long day seemed to cast a serious quiet upon them.
Sartek leaned casually against the sliding glass door jamb as he lifted the full length louvered curtains aside with his index finger. Looking beyond the backyard and irrigation ditch, he studied the much more fortified chain link and barbwire fence and the field beyond. The landscape was so flat that he could see the very distant conglomerate of sodium vapor lights that marked the edge of the complex. Somewhere underneath it all was his ship.
Feeling a light hand on his arm, he turned to see Isara looking not at him, but across the field toward the distant lights as well. "I'm afraid," she murmured.
"I trust them," Sartek said, tossing his head back toward their friends. "We can only do what we can do." He tried to affect a smile.
"So do I." Her eyes were clear and damp. "They are so kind, so?Bettuan."
Sartek glanced back over her shoulder, and watched Alex fiddle with a square contraption across the room that leapt to life with a flat, two dimensional screen.
"We have to do our best, Isara. Alex and Bert have put themselves in great danger, and I don't want to fail them."
"What happens if we get?when we??" She didn't finish her question. Only rested her head against Sartek's shoulder.
"I don't know. We'll just have to figure that out when the time comes."
"Hey you guys! You gotta see this!" Alex chirped happily, now that the television was fired up.

*  *  *

That evening, Alex exposed Isara and Sartek to their first ever episode of the Simpsons. It was doubtful the aliens understood the jargon and wonderfully absurd humor of the cartoon, but they were compelled to giggle as though thoroughly enjoying it. Sartek bellowed out loud, a wonderfully human sound, when Homer, in the land of chocolate, took a bite out of a passing dog.
They were halfway into a second episode when Liberty excused himself and disappeared into the kitchen.
Sartek followed shortly, peeking from around the corner.
Liberty glanced up at him for only a second before redirecting his attention to the vial of insulin and syringe. Holding the barrel up to the light, he tapped it with his fingernail to get the last bubbles out. "Diabetes," was all he offered. Pulling up his T-shirt up, he held it out of the way between clenched teeth. Plunging the needle into the softer skin around his belly-button, he injected himself as slickly as if it were an art-form, recapping the needle before tossing it into the brown paper bag which served as their garbage can. "See? Nothing to it," he tried to reassure his new friend.
"What is it?" Sartek asked.
Liberty held up the little bag. "It's a needle and syringe. Let's me inject the medicine." He also held up the vial of insulin and then rubbed a hand over his abdomen, along the spot he'd just injected. A small drop of blood was left on his pinky finger.
Sartek's eyes widened. "No, diabetes-what is diabetes?"
"Oh. It's a disease. I don't have enough insulin in my body. Well, in my case, I don't seem to have any?so I have to replace it."
"Or what?" Sartek leaned back against the kitchen counter and crossed his arms.
It was such an unbelievably human gesture and reminded Liberty once more of David, so much so that he was compelled to answer honestly. "Uhmmm, I get sick." When he saw the look of concern on Sartek's face mount, he followed up, "It's okay. I'm not gonna run out of insulin any time soon. I'll be fine."
This didn't appear to entirely satisfy Sartek. He shifted his weight and stared at his feet.
"It's not that big a deal. Try not to worry about it." Liberty wasn't trying to be flippant. He just believed there were much more pressing issues at stake and didn't want Sartek to preoccupy himself with the personal health problems of a single human. "There's a lot more to worry about than me and my stupid disease."
Sartek shook his head. "I'm sorry I pried."
Liberty shrugged, tried to minimize everything. "It's okay." He could see that Sartek was still unconvinced, so he reached a hand up and laid it on his friend's shoulder. "I'm fine. Really-I'm all right."
He went to the fridge and pulled the freezer open. "Here, let's distract ourselves. Allow me to introduce you to ice-cream." Grinning broadly, he fished a quart of double chocolate chunk out of the freezer and four spoons from the drawer.
That night?Liberty seized.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN
?

David wasn't sure how long he'd slept. He awakened simply because the light in his sleep chamber had slowly increased. Also, there was an odor to it now, not unpleasant at all, and not familiar either. It subtly reminded him of when his Dad moved them very briefly to Florida, the way those magnificent summer storms smelled when they came in from the gulf.
Bathroom duties, however, were not nearly so gratifying. After a near terrifying experience with the "evacuation chamber" as he'd dubbed the toilet, he went into the tubular device that Blalok indicated was a shower. "Well," he muttered to himself, "I am seriously stinking like a teenager. Let's see what this can do about it."
Part of his desire to go into the wash chamber was simply genuine curiosity. David's disposition was one of adventure, and it was on more than one occasion that he'd persuaded Alex and Liberty to press their luck at something they'd later wished they hadn't.
His confidence was fairly booming as he stripped naked and walked into the tube. Turning slowly, he looked entirely about himself. The chamber already had the effect of being underwater. A pleasing blue-green mist seemed to fill the very air around him as though it sensed his presence, and it was very agreeable.
Okay, this is alright so far, he thought to himself. A soft strain of music, almost like earth's whales, began to echo pleasantly about him. "I could get used to this," he said out loud.
When he pushed the jelly like knob on the wall, the only obvious on switch, nothing could prepare him for the what happened next. Panic was his first and immediate response as he seemed instantly engulfed in water. It wasn't even as though it flowed in, more that it was just suddenly there, all around him. His dismay quickly turned to alarm as his feet left the solid feel of the floor. Now he twirled in a vortex of water.
Overcome with a terrible sense of panic, he tried to make sense of his orientation and direction. It was impossible to swim up, the current maintained him centrally as it spun him slowly in the tube, and it appeared it would maintain him there indefinitely. His instinct told him he would drown if he couldn't find a release?and fast.
David held his breath for over one agonizing minute, even as his heart threatened to burst in his chest. Just when he was sure his only option was to drown, he was surprised to find that he was thinking about Liberty and Alex. In his most dire moment of distress, and just before he thought he would pass out, there they were. If his eyes weren't already filled with the surrounding water, he might even have sensed his own tears. It was then, when he could endure no more, that he gave in, doing as all drowning creatures will do-he inhaled deeply of the water.
To his wonder and immense relief, he could breathe just fine! It was very strange, not entirely unlike breathing in an intense, cool sauna, but sure as could be, he could take in the clear, turquoise blue liquid that surrounded him. It required some effort, like sucking through a straw, but is wasn't painful. On the contrary, it was fresh and crisp, supporting him as it swirled and flowed around him. 
And that wasn't all; it also revived him, breathing it into his lungs as he was. It was like drinking in something that breathed health into him. His body felt rejuvenated, like it was coming even more to life!
After a few minutes, the water just dissipated. There was no draining away or dripping off of him. It just seemed to disappear. He didn't need to cough or clear any passages for that matter; it simply and immediately evaporated, inside and out. 
The effect was exhilarating! Even his teeth and gums felt as if he'd just been to a dentist, and his breathing was clearer than it'd ever been. There he stood, naked and feeling cleaner than he'd ever felt in his life. Clean wasn't necessarily an urgent priority for David, but he grinned broadly, absolutely dumbfounded by the whole experience.
He walked from the shower chamber. Lying across the back of a chair, the same chair that had launched itself across the room before he'd slept, was unfamiliar clothing. It resembled what the aliens wore. David fingered the material; it was smooth, sleek, and seemed to radiate an energy of its own. He left the clothing where it lay and climbed into the familiarity of his own bluejeans and T-shirt-his clothes from the day before. Maybe next time I'll just shower with my clothes on. How easy would that be? he thought to himself as he strutted for the exit.
Motioning the door sensor, David managed to make his way to where they'd dined not so long ago. He tried to order up bacon and waffles, but when something not entirely identifiable surfaced, he abandoned his efforts and went to find Blalok. He was able to locate the bridge of the ship without too much difficulty, and when he entered, he found the alien poring over some instrument readings. Walking directly over to Blalok, he thumped him a good one with the heel of his hand, right on top of his head.
"Ow! Hey!" Blalok protested.
"That's for not telling me I wouldn't drown."
Blalok did seem to have a slightly satisfied expression on his face just then and accepted his punishment fair enough. "I said you could breathe in there."
"You didn't make it hugely obvious how," David countered and sat down next to him, folding his arms across his chest.
Blalok glanced in his direction. "There were clothes for you."
"Looked like they might pinch."
"Mmmm?"
"So, can we connect with Bert and Alex yet?"
"Yes, we can. But I'm awaiting the signal from your friend. We are dependent upon his initiating the proxy network."
"Yeah-I get that."
"You do?" Blalok seemed surprised.
"No." Ignoring the alien's perplexed expression, David asked, "What do you guys do for fun around here?" He gazed about the bridge, but before his host could say anything, a soft alarm sounded. A small screen, about forty-five inches diagonal, elevated from apparently nothingness, right from the middle of the console. Moments later, there was Liberty, contacting them from the safe house in Hutchinson. David could not believe how relieved he was to see him again. There, in the background of the screen, was Alex, bee-bopping in an out of view. This made him smile even more.
Before long, plans were in effect, much to the credit of Liberty and E-I. Communication was terminated and what had seemed like minutes was really just over an hour. It was now nighttime on Earth-time for those planet side to sleep. But the two aboard ship had only recently awakened.
Blalok went back to work, becoming immediately reabsorbed in his tasks, analyzing and reanalyzing, observing and studying. It went on like this for some time-Blalok working and David, well, just sitting. After the seventh heavy sigh from the human, his smaller companion finally said, "Would you like to play a game?"
"Oh yeah! I call red!"
Blalok just stared at him. Finally said morosely, "You know, I really don't get you."
"Just messin' with you!" Then he asked in anticipation, "So how's it work? We teaming?"
"No. We are not teaming. I'm not playing at all-just you." He reached over, flipped a switch, slid a finger along a sleek, white bar, and up where the screen had previous been appeared a holo-helmet.
"No way," David whispered, exhaling deeply.
"This is Quest for Dominion. You must start as sub-level two-hundred."
"What does that mean?"
"You are lowly-as lowly as pond scum."
"You have that on your planet, too?" David was genuinely amazed.
"Huh? Of course we do." Blalok waved him to silence before explaining in modest detail how the game was played. "Don't get killed, fit in, evolve." The Cerulean Star was equipped with many entertainment programs, and Quest or Dominion was Blalok's favorite.
"Piece of cake," David grinned and stabbed an imaginary weapon at Blalok's head.
The alien closed his eyes as though he might be able to close off awareness of the human altogether. Then, with a sigh, he jumped up and directed David to one side of the bridge stage. "You'll play here. The world is interactive, but the program will keep you within a confined boundary."
"So it's like being in a forcefield."
"Exactly not."
"But-"
"Just put on the helmet. You'll figure it out." Blalok almost smiled.
"The helmet slid on fairly easily, and he was surprised how good the fit was. "Ready?" he heard the muffled question from alien-somewhere.
"Yeah. Fire this baby up!"
There was a soft hum and suddenly David found himself suspended in the world of Glom Guttahn. Even though, in reality, he floated two feet above the Star's deck, his body settled into the world of the game, and he felt his feet firmly plant on the grass of a sweeping field. The breeze on his skin was real. He looked at his hands. They were unfamiliar-thin and pale, but when he touched his face, it felt right.
He looked down at his legs. Thin trousers of some sort of hide hung loosely, and his feet were bare. A shoulder strap held a pouch of the same hide at his side. His torso was also bare. 
Shielding his eyes from the slanting red sun, he was able to make out a long row of leafy trees in the distance, black trunked with blue leaves. They were unusual, and swayed back and forth with long tendrils. Beyond them, something stirred?

*  *  *

Blalok grinned, hardly able to contain himself. On the other side of the deck, about twenty-feet from him, David spun awkwardly in the air. His face wasn't visible through the helmet he wore; it was smooth and mirrored in its effect, so afforded not indication of what was going on, expression wise, with the human within. His body, however, gave a greater idea of what the boy experienced. His helmet swung widely, this way and that, as though taking in a great deal of information all at once. His hands searched himself, evidently uncomfortable with the virtual body it discovered.
"This is going to be good," Blalok chuckled outright and tipped back in his chair to watch.

*  *  *

The movement from the horizon and thick stand of odd trees was the only thing critically unusual about the new world, if you didn't look too closely at the curly red grass beneath your feet or the rows of insects, armored yellow shells about the size of a plum, marching purposefully in parallel lines toward some obscure goal in the distance.
He squinted again at the movement beyond the trees. Four creatures lumbered from them directly toward him, covering the span alarmingly fast. Glancing behind himself, he became instantly aware of the long, blond braid running down his back. It fell over his shoulder, startling him somewhat as it did. For the briefest moment, he thought it was a spider. Get a grip on yourself.
Taking the braid in his hand, he ran his fingers up and down the tight weave of starkly blond hair. It felt just as he imagined it might. Then he yanked on it. Ow, yeah?that was weird. That's gotta go. 
Tossing the braid behind him, he focused his attention on the four who approached. In no time at all, they were nearly upon him. He shielded his eyes again and was able to make out men, not dissimilar to the Bettuan but obviously more primeval. They rode the creatures that he'd first spied lumbering from the forest. Massive elephant like animals swung their curling tusks widely as their great heads bobbed. They had no trunks, however. Instead, long snouts snarled, lined neatly with row upon row of terrible teeth. These dripped green, and even from the distance he saw how it spotted the pretty red grass as they gnashed and hissed.
The creatures loped, and David was acutely aware of the trembling beneath his feet, just from the massive force of their sheer size. He took an involuntary step backward as the four pulled up with a flourish directly in front of him.
"You there, are you the messenger?" the leader asked bluntly. His animal was quite the largest of the four and let forth a scream that forced David to cover his ears and nearly buckle to his knees. The strange man silenced the monster by slapping it on the head repeatedly with a long staff. Then the man threw one leg over the shoulder hump of the creature before sliding to the ground.
David was outright amazed. The warrior was like nothing he'd ever seen-tall, lithe, muscled beyond any second rate action movie character, and armored magnificently. The warrior pulled his helmet off and his face, David had to admit, was strikingly attractive. The stranger sported, besides the staff, a sword of sorts. Holding one in each hand, the weapons glowed brilliantly, especially closest to where the man gripped them.
"Huh?" was all David could manage.
"I say, are you the messenger?" the stranger asked again, pausing a mere three feet from him.
"Uh-no, I'm Dav-"
Too late. With a sweeping gesture-one that David thought appeared entirely too easy-the man swept him from his feet. He landed with a thud that knocked the non-virtual air from him. With the onslaught, the bugs became quite animated, and approached him as though they might swarm him. Trying to spin away from his attacker, and the freakingly horrifying swarm of yellow golfball bugs, David managed to thwart the second blow with the palm of his hand.
"OUCH! Son of a-"
This was all he was able to communicate for in the next instant, the attacker plunged his sword viciously into David's chest. With a gasp, the human boy cried out aloud, anticipating all the pain of having been run through. There was, however, no pain. Instead, there was a blinding flash of light and a soft thud as the virtual game laid him gently upon the deck of the ship.

*  *  *

"One hundred eighty-two," Blalok said flatly as the Cerulean Star materialized in a shower of sparkles around his human guest.
"Huh? What?" David was significantly disoriented.
"That's how long you survived, one hundred eighty-two seconds."
David rolled over heavily, pulling the helmet from his head as he did, then sat to catch his breath. His heart still raced, the adrenalin coursing through him for the virtual death he'd just experienced. He was damp with sweat and had to double check that it wasn't a bug running up his spine.
"That's crazy! I was?it was like, so real." Then he smiled brilliantly. "How'd I do?"
Blalok was disinclined to admit that David had actually survived nearly four seconds longer than the first time he'd played Quest for Dominion. "You're still sub-level two-hundred. You are the Ketzel scat on their boots."
"Oh." David didn't really need the Bettuan to explain further what that meant. "Advice?"
"All is not as it seems in this game. Perhaps look at it a different way."
"I get it; get into my character."
"Look in the pouch."
"Oh. Okay. Let's give this another try." David swung the helmet back onto his head as Blalok briefly explained how to reset the game. While the human was plunged back into Quest for Dominion, the alien turned to his monitors and began walking through some very complex calculations.
Nearly three hours later, David's real sweat dripped down his legs and onto the Star's decking as he fought for survival in his virtual world. Close by, Blalok continued at his tasks, his brow furrowing in concentration. With a flip of his hand, he suddenly powered the human's game off and watched as David floated to solid flooring.
"Hey, wait! Why'd you do that? I was just about to get running boots and?" The human pulled up abruptly. "Blalok, what is it? Is something wrong?"
Blalok didn't look up from his analysis but drew a heavy breath.
David thought he seemed more preoccupied than usual. "We don't have as long as you thought, do we?"
Blalok answered truthfully. Even so, it was impossible for him to hide his disappointment. "No?we do not."
"We need to let them know."
"Yes, yes we do." Blalok swung around in his chair to face the human. "David, we need to talk."
The human thought the Bettuan's eyes were unusually serious and he wasn't his normal, smart assed self. "Whoa, slow up there, pal. Shouldn't we get to know each other a little better first?" he tried to joke as he laid the helmet on the console. It instantly disappeared.
When Blalok offered no response, David worried they might be in serious trouble. "Okay-how long?"
"The hull is deteriorating faster than it should. As far as I can tell, it is because there is greater partial pressure of carbon dioxide in the cavern they've placed us in."
"Yeah, it's 'cuz we drive too many SUV's."
This time, Blalok hesitated, a brief look of confusion on his face. He chose to ignore this comment as well and continued, "At this rate, they will have access to our inner hull in approximately twenty-six point eight hours."
David eased himself into the levi chair beside the alien, pulling his T-shirt up to wipe the sweat off his face. He was stricken by this news. Three days seemed so much more workable than twenty-seven hours. "And what happens when they get access to the hull?" He felt sick just asking.
"In all likelihood, they will breach it." Blalok was very matter of fact.
"How can they breach it? What are you saying? It's gotta be stronger than anything we know! It flies through space!" David was out of his chair in a flash and pacing the foredeck.
"It does not fly; it displaces time while at the same time?" Blalok paused, evidently reconsidering the physics lesson he was about to give, then shook his head. "You're correct, David. The hull of the Cerulean Star is made of Vasteen." He added flatly, turning back to his monitors, "It is an ore that is fourteen times stronger than Earth's strongest strength to weight material, but humans possess the technology to penetrate it."
"That can't happen." David rested his hands on the console's edge. "Blalok, they'll be seriously pissed at me, but you-they'll?" His voice trailed off. "I'm not gonna let that happen." He gritted his teeth. "They're not getting hold of you; do you hear me?" Damn if that's gonna happen!"
The smallest alien wore a look of surprise on his face. Perhaps David's rant reminded him a bit of someone else he knew, but David couldn't know how similar some of his own behaviors were to Sartek's.
"David, when your militia determines just how extraordinary Vasteen is, and it is only a matter of time before they do, they will stop at nothing to gain it. I can guarantee you that."
"I don't understand. Okay, so it's super strong, like Kryptonite or something, but so what?"
"It's not just strong-it possesses other qualities," Blalok explained with a sigh of resignation. "Vasteen can emit a pulse if its electrons are aligned just so. A small amount, smaller than your fist, if harnessed properly, can generate a pulse strong enough to destroy something very large."
"Like another spaceship?"
"Like a planet."
A wave of dizziness washed over David, and he visibly staggered, grasping the smooth green edge of the console to steady himself. "That's not possible?there's no way."
"I assure you, it is possible. There have been wars waged, with terrible losses. All in an effort to gain control of Bitta, the only planet that we know of with Vasteen deposits."
"So you guys have a history of bad wars, too?"
"Wars between planets, solar systems, awful wars. Bettua still controls Bitta, always has, but there was a time when we almost lost it." He went on to explain how the wars spanned nearly three centuries, how the Rayze united with the Destrion in a horrible effort to take the mining planet and control the Vasteen. "They almost destroyed our entire solar system, and billions died."
Blalok pivoted from the console to face David more directly. "It was a dreadful period, but in the end, Bettua, along with the united alliance, retained control of the mining planet and the Vasteen within it." He motioned at the ship around them. "After the wars, our cultures pledged themselves to peace at all costs, and to maintain that peace we've had to be not just stronger, but smarter. War is simply no longer an option. That is why we cannot damage your species."
David listened to the story with growing dread. He imagined all the worst B-Grade space war and alien invasion movies he'd ever seen. "These Rayze-"
"Not an issue. They would've had to have been caught in the black plasma at exactly the same instant that we were. The likelihood of that is astronomical."
"We gotta call Bert." David motioned to Blalok's computer panel and the odd shapes that served as controls. "Do it."
Blalok initiated the emergency contact transmission to awaken the four below. He was very seldom wrong, but on one issue he was?concerning the presence of the Rayze.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN
?

"Alex!" Isara shook her hard. "Alex, wake up!"
She was jarred awake and jumped to her knees, struggling to untangle herself from her blanket. Sartek was clutching Liberty, who was flailing on the carpet, arms clawing wildly in the air.
"Let him go!" Alex yelled. "Just let him go; hold him on his side, and watch his head!" She reached out for Liberty, snatching a pillow to shove under his head so it wouldn't thump on the floor.
Sartek held the human's arms as gently as he could to keep him from clawing himself in the face. Isara sat paralyzed, hands clutched to her mouth, her eyes enormous with the shock of it all.
Mercifully, the seizure finally stopped, and Liberty lay still, eyes rolled back, teeth clamped tightly onto his tongue. His breathing stopped, his lips were a dusky blue, his eyes rolled vacantly back beneath his lids. Just when it seemed he would never breathe again, he took a deep, gasping breath through the frothy, red clench of his teeth. He'd bit his tongue severely. At last his rigor eased, and after what seemed like another eternity, he took another precious breath.
"What do we do!" Sartek continued to grip Liberty's wrists.
"Nothing. Just keep him on his side, let him go-let him get some air. He'll come around." Alex sounded a whole lot more convinced than her expression betrayed. "He's had a seizure. It's his diabetes."
"I don't understand." Isara knelt, hugging a pillow and rocking gently.
Alex tried to explain and focus on taking care of Liberty at the same time. She helped Sartek ease him into a more comfortable position, propped up on some pillows. "He has diabetes. It's a disease." She was doing her best to remain calm and put forth a good front, but her voice was trembling. It was a lot for her to negotiate, trying to calm the two aliens while taking care of her dearest friend. "He has to take shots. But sometimes it doesn't work right. If his sugar gets too low, he can have a seizure." She tried to explain it the way Liberty had once explained it to her. Holding her hand in front of his mouth now, to convince herself that he was indeed breathing, she added, "I've only seen him do it three times before."
It was almost two in the morning, and the three of them sat patiently with Liberty, who was still unconscious but at least breathing more regularly. For a while, he just lay as though asleep. Then, bewildered, he started to gaze wide-eyed about, obviously confused by his surroundings.
Alex knew that once Liberty became lucid again, it would be a few hours of confusion before his memory returned. That's what the seizure did. Even the most fundamental elements of his life would be forgotten for a while, and as the memories came filtering back, so would all the joy and horror associated with them. She'd seen it before, when she and David sat with him, answering and re-answering his questions until he seemed sadly satisfied. The first time, it'd terrified her, the not knowing if he would ever come back, ever again be the same. But slowly his memory returned. She knew is would just be a matter of time. She also knew it would be a difficult few hours for him.
After a while, Liberty would recognize David and Alex and remember who he was?and who he'd lost. Finally, he would drift off into a grief stricken sleep as all the bad events of his life came crashing down upon him as though for the first time.
It broke Alex's heart to see this. She knew that all the recognition-the horror of his parents' death and the joy of his newfound friends at The Home-would be as fresh as though it'd just happened today. This time, however, it could be even more difficult. He'd never met an alien before, and he certainly wouldn't remember meeting Isara and Sartek.
Liberty's eyes were wide with terror, and he clutched the blanket under his chin. "Who are you? Where's mom?"
Alex knew that it was best to just be calm and answer his questions simply and truthfully, trying to focus on the fact that he'd had an insulin reaction. It was unpredictable what he would remember first, but oddly it was almost always Goo. Once he remembered Goo, he usually remembered Alex and David. The memory of the where and why of his placement in the foster home would usually be next.
Isara and Sartek were a brand new unknown, and Alex was unsure how to explain that one. So it surprised all three of them when Liberty focused directly on them. "You're not from here, but I know you?don't I?"
They all nodded in unison and Sartek reached his pale green hand toward his friend, resting it on his shoulder. "I'm your friend, Bert. I know about your diabetes. We talked about it, earlier tonight."
"Where's Goo?" He looked briefly at the strange, green hand, then glanced around calmly as he regarded the three of them in turn. Liberty's eyes bespoke trust toward the strangers who knelt so kindly before him, and he seemed to relax a bit.
"Goo's fine. He's at The Home. You need some Coke," Alex replied. She and David were of the opinion, over time, that any juice took a distant second to the wondrous blood sugar rebound effects of Coca Cola. "Just a sip, to make sure the sugar's on the up and up," she added, "and then maybe a snack. I'll go get your glucometer."
Off to the kitchen she ran, returning with the soda and glucometer. She steeled herself to do what David so often bravely did; she stuck Liberty in the ear-lobe to check his blood sugar.
"I need to stick your ear, Bert."
With a blank look on his face, "Okay," then, "Ow! You stuck my ear!"
"Sorry," she apologized as she struggled to touch the test strip to the dangling drop of blood on his ear.
"And now you must hurt him further?" Isara seemed appalled.
"I have to, we gotta know what his sugar is. He could go low again, or he might be high now." She regarded Isara seriously. "He could seize again."
His blood glucose registered sixty even. Not too low, but certainly not high. It could trend either direction, and lower was worse than higher.
She passed him the soda. "Here, try to take a sip."
"Wait," Sartek interjected, focusing on Isara.
She looked stricken. "Sartek, no. I don't know if?" She shook her head, refusing.
"You don't know if you don't try," Sartek insisted.
"What? What are you talking about?" Alex asked urgently.
Liberty just gazed sleepily from one to the other. He was obviously not sure of the why or where of things but seemed willing to trust the three who sat with him enough to allow them to stab at his ear. He lifted his blanket up, looking again for his dog. "Goo? Here boy."
"She's a dreamer?and a healer," Sartek explained. "So was her grandmother. It runs in families, skips generations."
"I'm not a healer. We don't know that, not really," Isara argued.
"A healer? What does that mean?" Alex grasped Isara by both thighs.
"It means I can affect the well-being of another-another Bettuan. I'm not advanced, and I can't be sure if it would help or harm him."
"Try," Alex begged, suddenly desperate, "Please try, and see if you can help."
By now, the migraine was setting in. It would last about four to six hours and would be crushing in its effect. Liberty would be incapacitated by it and the waves of nausea that were soon to follow. He eased onto his side, pulling the blanket more over his shoulder. Closing his eyes, he was evidently too preoccupied with the first onset of the pains within his head to recognize the gravity of the conversation.
"I-I don't know," Isara faltered.
"Please, Isara. He's your friend-our friend-and he's trying to help you. Please try," Alex begged.
"She's right, you know," Sartek added "He's doing everything he can to get the Cerulean Star back to us, even risking himself doing it. Remember what we talked about?" He reached out his hand, resting it on her knee. "Maybe you can help him."
Isara considered Liberty, huddled in the middle of the living room floor, occasionally looking for his dog. He seemed more fragile than usual, his white mop sticking out in all directions from beneath the edge of his blanket.
She reached out, touching him on the shoulder. "Bert?Liberty? Can you hear me?"
He peeked from under the edge of the blanket, opened his eyes, and peered at her between slits. "I'm not at full capacity, whoever you are, but I can hear you okay."
She smiled. "Bert, my name is Isara. I'm from another planet, and I'm your friend." She said it as though she was reporting the weather.
Comically, Liberty's one eyebrow went up in an expression of, Well, that's different, but if you say so.
"I'm going to touch you Bert-try to make you feel a little better. Would that be okay?"
His expression remained blank. "You can't. I'm the boss of my body."
This confused Isara a bit, and she looked to Alex for translation.
"Oh, don't worry. That's just something they teach us in school, you know, to keep the pervs away." She gestured with both hands that Isara should continue.
This time, Bert said nothing, when Isara told him she was going to try to take the pain in his head away. She glanced back at Alex and Sartek before sidling up closer to her frail human friend. This time, he didn't object as she reached for him. Laying her hands on the top of his head, she closed her eyes, dropping her chin to her chest as she did.
"What's she do-"
"Shhh!" Sartek cautioned, and motioned for Alex to be silent. "Just be quiet and backup some. This won't be easy for her."
The two pushed back a ways, giving Isara and Liberty plenty of room.
Liberty rolled onto his back, his eyes closed.
Isara's hand almost disappeared in the white expanse that was Liberty's hair, and she swayed gently back and forth for a while.
After waiting for what seemed like an eternity, Alex couldn't stand it anymore. She was just about to say something when Isara started to hum. It was soft, sweet, and so very tender-an ethereal noise that seemed to fill the small room in a heartbreaking whisper. It was almost sad, and sounded not at all as though it came from the alien child.
Alex swallowed, moved by what was happening. Liberty just remained stock still, hands crossed over his chest, eyes closed.
It went on like this for some time until Isara eventually became silent. Her hands fell from the boy's head to her lap, and she gently over onto the blanket pile, right next to Liberty.
"Isara!" Sartek called out.
She held one feeble hand up as though to stop him from advancing or speaking. She blinked slowly, and then her eyes also closed. Reaching out, she took Liberty's hand, and they both slept that way for a few good hours.
Alex and Sartek sat close by, saying nothing, just watching the two as they lay there, their breathing shallow but steady.
"Here," Sartek pulled some blankets and two pillows toward Alex. "We're no good to them fatigued. Let's get some rest."
The two curled up for a bit to catch some sleep. Exhausted, none of them heard the gentle alarm or noticed the light that urgently flickered on the notebook. It was barely light when Isara touched Alex on the arm and then woke Sartek up as well.
"Something's wrong."
"What?" Alex asked urgently, "How is he? What's wrong?"
"No, not Bert." She gestured toward the ipad.
Alex hopped up to silence the device then focused her attention again on Liberty. "He's better, I think."
Isara seemed unconvinced herself. "Alex, what Liberty has?it isn't good."
Alex was getting the hang of reading the aliens' expressions, and she recognized that Isara's, right now, was very serious. "Well, no kidding, but there's nothing we can do about it. There isn't a cure."
"I think I might have helped, but I don't know for sure."
Just then, Liberty rolled over, stretched, and was startled by the proximity of his friends, all who were sitting very close and staring wide eyed at him.
"What? Did I fart?" He asked and swung the edge of the blanket to and fro as though to waft something truly lethal toward them, stopping only when the three remained altogether serious despite his joke. He sat up. "What? What is it? What's wrong? Is it the Star?"
"Liberty, you had a reaction last night," Alex started.
"Not possible," Liberty shook his head. "I feel great. I'd have a headache for sure, and the nausea. You know it makes my brain swell for a while." He fingered his fat lower lip and aching tongue. "But I did bite my lip I guess."
"Alex is telling the truth," Sartek agreed. "We saw it."
"But, I don't remember forgetting, and remembering?and that's always the worst part."
"Isara helped you," Alex said. "She's a healer, Bert. She laid some healing on you."
Isara peered keenly at Alex as though perhaps that wasn't the best description. "Bert, I think I was able to stabilize what was happening to you. The reaction was severe, but I think I may have stopped it."
"You know your blood sugar's always high the morning after one of these." Alex gestured toward his glucometer.
"Yeah, it's the rebound glycogen that my liver lets go of with the seizure," Liberty tried to explain but was met with blank stares all around.
Sartek handed Liberty the device.
Isara winced as he pricked his own finger for a blood sample.
The small machine beep beeped, and Liberty just stared at the device.
"What? What is it?" Alex asked urgently.
"Ninety five," he answered, focusing his attention on Isara. "That's textbook perfect." His confusion was fairly complete.
Just then, they all noticed the blip-blip of the small light connected to the side of the notebook.
Hastily disentangling himself from the blankets, Liberty scrambled on hands and knees over to the device, flipping open the folding cover. It came brilliantly to life, and he hit connect for the video link.
Blalok came instantly into view, and rolled his eyes. "We set up an emergency contact protocol for a reason, you know-emergency contact?"
"I know, I know," Liberty waved Blalok's gentle sarcasm away. "We had an?incident. Anyway, never mind. What's going on?"
"We have approximately twenty-five hours before the Cerulean Star is penetrable." Blalok wasted no time cutting straight to business.
"Twenty-five hours? How?" Isara leaned in.
"That's not enough time." Liberty rubbed between his eyebrows, trying to process the situation as fast as he could, yet still distracted by what his friends just disclosed about him having a seizure and Isara healing him. "Why are we?Never mind, that's not important now."
David dropped into view next to Blalok, hip checking him so he could share his chair.
This seemed to distress the smallest alien somewhat. "It that necessary?"
Their exchange might have amused the four land side had the situation been less dire.
"Bert, Alex-we need a plan," David pressed on. "Blalok and E-I have some more ideas. It's game time."
Blalok pressed an elbow into the human's side, to no avail.
David just returned it, sharply, sending Blalok flying off the chair and out of the screen shot.
"Could you get out of my chair?" Blalok's voice pleaded from somewhere off the screen.
"I think I know where to start." Liberty ignored the banter. "It all came to me in my sleep. Listen to this?" he announced, his eyes shining brightly.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN
?

Just under one hour later, two young Bettuan and two Earthlings left through the rear door slider of their rental home and crossed the dirt back yard, hopped through the ditch, and headed directly toward the perimeter fence of four thousand acres of restricted property. They didn't cross over or under the fence, only looked west toward their goal.
"Somewhere under there is the Star." Sartek hung his hands on loops of the chain link in a decidedly human gesture. Resting his chin on his fingers, he gazed across the weed and pebble strewn landscape. All of it blew dry and dusty, the wind swirling in what Alex called "toilet-bowl" circles.
"Can we do this?" Isara seemed skeptical and pulled her ball cap closer down over her lovely, almond shaped eyes.
Alex slipped her hand into that of her friend. "Yeah, we can-we just gotta follow the plan." The electric current was still there, but she'd become more accustomed to it by now and said nothing.
Pulling a roughly scribbled shopping list out of his pocket, Liberty scanned over the two pages one last time. "Time is our enemy right now. Let's get going and get this done." He ripped off one of the sheets and handed the page to Alex. "There's an Ace hardware on the corner of Seventh and Division. Take the city bus there and back, and meet us here. We'll assemble stuff first, then head to the mine."
"You mean build bombs?" Isara wondered.
Liberty struggled with this question. He very much admired Mahatma Ghandi, knew the activist's philosophy of nonviolence, and had even read his comments regarding acts of violence in his paper, The Cult of Bomb. It pained him that he might be doing anything unethical, and yet he struggled with the knowledge that they were seriously outmatched and outnumbered. "It's not to hurt anyone. It's just to get in." He looked at Sartek as well. "I know that's important to you-not to harm anyone. Believe me, it's just as important to me."
"It's gonna' be just fine." Alex looked out across the field again. "We gotta get in. There's really no other way."
Liberty gestured to Sartek. "C'mon, we got some errands of our own to get. Don't forget to buy watches," he reminded Isara and Alex. "Two hours, okay?"
"Roger that." Alex nodded.
"Roger this as well," Isara added.
Her response prompted a grin from Liberty. "See? You're totally getting this!"
They didn't say goodbye. The tension was too tangible, and goodbyes would have seemed much too terminal.
Alex and Isara walked east, and before long, they were standing across the street from the Lakeside Ace Hardware-unusual name for a hardware store as there was not a lake for miles.

* * *

In short order, Sartek and Liberty were also at their destination, in almost the very center of town and, coincidentally, at what appeared to be a remarkably remote address.
Liberty looked all around himself before pulling out his ipad to confirm the Craigslist address and cross-coordinate it with the GPS that was thumb-nailed in the corner of the device's screen. "Okay."
"This is where we need to be?" Sartek's skepticism was obvious as he considered the junked car lot on one side and the stockyard on the other. "Are you sure?" He tilted his head to better see down the long, narrow, dirt driveway. It led nearly three hundred feet back to a small, rundown house with a mishmash of jutting add-ons connected to it.
"Yeah, this is it." Liberty shrugged and stuffed the notebook back into his backpack before gesturing to the sign, tacked to a monstrous maple tree, the only one on the entire property. It read, "Estate Sale?10:00 NO EARLY BIRDS!" "It sounds like someone was a major collector here, and if we're lucky, they'll have the engines."
"Collector?" Sartek struggled with the idea.
"Yeah, you know. Save stuff that's cool. They were seriously into rockets, it looks like, at least from the ad. And I'm guessing there's not very many rocket enthusiasts around here." He glanced around as though he might see one and added, "Rockets are really under-appreciated 'cuz they can start fires." He swept with his hands at the expanse of urban dryness. "You can see why that might be a risk, but once you get bit?" He grinned at the Bettuan. "It's a serious bug you can't easily shake."
Liberty spoke from experience. Though, he'd never had the resource to be a serious rocketeer, he'd always loved the idea of it. There was a part of him that was excited beyond their mission to see the possible collection of model rocketry that might be hidden somewhere in the enormous collection of estate sale junk. He turned his attention to the tree again. "You should probably hang out here, though, and wish me luck."
"Luck to you, then." Sartek said soberly.
Liberty pulled the translation ring from around his neck and handed it to Sartek before heading down the long driveway. "It might look suspicious," he explained
Sartek took the ring, briefly grasping Liberty's hand as he did. His eyes were serious and damp as he slowly nodded. Once more, Liberty felt the strange, electric sensation that seemed to occur when he touched one of the Bettuan. This time, however, he was no longer alarmed and said nothing about it.
Releasing the human's hand, the Bettuan turned and crawled through the rusted barb-wire fence. Wandering behind the tree, he found a comfortable spot where he could sit and study an acutely odd creature that munched dried grass just beyond the fence. Suddenly, it randomly spewed something obscenely disgusting from its less desirable end, even without stopping eating.
Liberty glanced back just in time to see the look of repulsion on Sartek's face. Even so, the alien obviously couldn't take his eyes off the beast. The cow raised its head, focused directly on Sartek, and mooed. This seemed to be enough to set him completely on edge, and as though not sure whether the creature was dangerous or not, he shifted to the other side of the tree, safely away from the cow and its vile expulsions.
Liberty grinned at the Bettuan's reaction and headed again down the long driveway. A minute later, he was approaching the old house. It was another dry day, and dust swirled up around his legs in little tornadoes as he walked. He paused as he reached the edge of the cracked concrete driveway, weeds pushing up between the cracks pretty much everywhere. It ran about thirty feet up to the rancher style home, with its peeling pink paint.
Glancing about, he scanned what was an incredible amount of paraphernalia scattered over the driveway and weed-ridden lawn. Some of it was covered in a considerable layer of dust. He thought to himself that this could be one of those perpetual estate sales that never seemed to end, and the rocketry in the ad may just be a hook.
There was a garage with a door that was mostly open and broken, hanging crooked compared to the frame. Just inside, an older, heavyset woman was price labeling some very old and fragile appearing china. Seeing no indications yet of rockets or engines, he plastered his happiest smile on his face and waved as he walked up to her.
She barely glanced up, did a double take, and stabbed with her marker toward the driveway, the wings of her fleshy upper arms flapping as she did. "You're an hour early! No Early Birds!"
Liberty tried to give her his most forlorn, disappointed expression, dug his toe into the dirt, and turned slowly away. "Okay?I understand."
The woman stopped what she was doing and wiped her hands on a well worn kitchen apron before sweeping a lock of stray gray hair back into the bun at the back of her neck. "Was there some reason you're here pestering me so early, child?"
"I love rockets," he replied with a shrug. "My brothers do to, and they'll be here in an hour and take all the good ones." He gazed nostalgically back down the driveway as though he expected his imaginary brothers to swarm him at any time. "It's always like that; they say I'm the runt, and that's true enough. So I get the runt rockets."
He scuffed the dirt again with the toe of his sneaker. "But I guess that's how it goes." Liberty affected his most charming smile and showered false optimism upon his host. "But don't worry-I will be back in an hour! I've saved up my chore money and just had a birthday. Maybe I can snag a good one!"
There was very little effort necessary for Liberty to come across as utterly charming. Even though it was an act, and he was about to bust apart with anxiety over the ruse, his natural disposition came across as it always did. He was adorable, period.
The woman softened a bit. Resting her hands on her hips, she gave the boy a once over before finally gesturing for him to follow her. She sighed heavily, as though she'd just been coerced into giving up her first born child. "That's quite the hairdo you have, son."
"It's hopeless," Liberty replied with a smile. "The best have tried to tame it and failed."
This gave her pause. She hesitated long enough the give the child a seconds more thorough examination before a smile crept slowly across her lips. "C'mon." She motioned with her marker. "I think I can help you."
"Awesome!" He tripped excitedly after her.
Walking down the narrow hall of the dim house, just past the retro kitchen with the fake mahogany paneling, Liberty followed the woman down a dark flight of wooden stairs, with only a marginally attached hand railing, into the basement.
There were narrow, ground level windows on one side of the basement, but they let in hardly any light as they were caked with years of dust and grime. Liberty squinted to see around himself. It had all the feeling of a slasher movie, and he briefly had a strange feeling in his belly.
The woman pulled a shoelace that hung down from the ceiling, and a bright overhead fluorescent panel illuminated the small room with obnoxiously glaring light. With the sudden brightness, the imaginary torture chamber became oddly inviting, piled with the treasures of an old man's life-fishing poles, an abundance of tools, an odd collection of midwestern license plates on one wall. He blinked as she motioned to a workbench that ran the entire length of the far side of the basement.
Scattered along the workbench was a collection of cardboard boxes, and several rocket bodies jutted out of each of them. Liberty knew by some of the fins that were exposed that he was very close to what he'd come for. With true enthusiasm, he hurried over to the boxes. "May I?" he politely asked the old woman.
She smiled for the second time since they'd met, and gestured toward the box. "Sure, go ahead. My Earl was a collector. Earl's my husband?was my husband. I just haven't been able to put his little toys up for sale yet." She pulled up an old wooden kitchen chair-Liberty questioned whether it would support her or not-and sat down. Pulling a dishtowel from her apron pocket, she first wiped her eyes, then began to clean her glasses with it. "He was crazy about his little rockets, my Earl, and I'm sure there's something there that'll catch your eye."
"Rocketry done well is a hobby of brilliance," Liberty acknowledged. "Your Earl must have been very special."
She appeared to appreciate this, and studied Liberty closely as he began to rummage.
Shuffling through the first box, he was immediately in awe. Straight up, he saw a Viper III, NORAD, and Stovi rocket. His eyes flew wide, and he almost trembled as he gingerly lifted the Stovi from the box, running his fingers along the sleek gold and black body with the elegant four-finned tail design. "Whoa," he whispered more to himself than to her.
In his excitement, he dug swiftly, farther into the box, and found a launch pad, controller, launch rods, and a roll of fuse. With genuine excitement, he turned to her, struggling to concentrate on the true purpose for his being there. "This is amazing! Do you know if he had any engines?"
She gestured underneath the workbench to another collection of boxes. "I couldn't be sure dear, but if there are, they'd probably be down there."
Pulling out the first box, beneath several E size engines, Liberty almost immediately discovered what he'd come for. He found a G40 White Lightening, several single use Motor G80-13T HAZs, and no less than three G80-7T Blue Thunders.
"No way," he whispered to himself. "This is incredible!" He could hardly control his excitement as he lied, "I was gonna get two rockets, but with these engines, I think I'd rather just get one rocket and stock up on these!" He held up one of the Blue Thunders.
It was just then that he saw the crate at the end of the bench. He gently laid the Blue Thunder down and walked to the crate, gazing at it with an expression on his face as if he'd just discovered the holy grail. Liberty was in complete awe as he murmured, "That's an O-Level Engine?a BSD Thor."
"If you say so," was all she said, pushing herself up and off the chair.
"How could he have this?" He pointed at the engine with reverent amazement in his voice. "It's a level three rocket engine."
"Yep, that's about right. Earl was real proud of his level three certification." She indicated the beam overhead of the workbench where, sure enough, was stapled the certification. "I can probably make you a bargain for it." She reached for an empty box, stuffing several rockets and a wide assortment of engines into it.
"And the Thor?" Liberty was almost afraid to ask.
"If'n you want it, child, it's yours. I got no use for it, and it's taking up space down here. I've always worried my Earl would blow us up anyways. I'm happy to let it go." She peered at him, a knowing expression on her face. "I'm happy it's a boy like you winding up with 'em. I think my Earl would like you, child."
Liberty was stunned, and as for the space it was "taking up," he was fairly certain she had no pressing plans for the workshop that used to be Earl's. He fished into his pocket and pulled out sixty four dollars. "I only have this," he held the money out to her. "I don't think it's enough."
She reached out, plucking forty out of his hand. "We'll call it even."
Liberty was instantly aware that he'd just bought filet mignon for everyone at the price of a Big Mac for one, and he realized she knew that as well. "Thank you so much. You have no idea what a kind thing you've just done."
"Oh, I think I might." She gave him a very knowing expression. "I've always believed that good things come around when you do nice things. My Earl was eighty-two. Did you know we were married for sixty-four years?" She didn't wait for Liberty to answer. "I think he'd want a child like you to have these, and I'm guessing I'll have a pretty good sale today as a result. Maybe make enough to get that TV I've been wanting-the fancy one with the glasses."
She'd very nearly floored him, and he had to concentrate to pull himself back to the real issue at hand. He shifted the biggest engines into several boxes and headed for the stairs with the first one. It took him two trips to get the rockets and engines out of the basement, but twenty-minutes later, he was walking back down the long dirt driveway, towing his score in a radio flyer wagon he'd also bought for five bucks.
He wouldn't know it, but the woman wouldn't just have a good sale that day, she'd have a great one. She would make just short of four grand, and with her newly acquired cash stash, not only would she get her garage door fixed, she would buy the 3-D plasma TV she had her eye on, watch The Avengers, and fall in love with Robert Downey, Jr., all in one night.
As Liberty neared the tree, Sartek stood up from the long, dry grass. After handing the translation ring back to him, he asked, "Did you get what we need?"
"Oh, boy, did I ever." Liberty motioned him over to the wagon as he knelt on the gravel shoulder of the road and flipped open the top of one of the boxes. The two huddled together, and Liberty pulled out one of the engines, laying the flashy cardboard tube into Sartek's hands. It was heavier than it looked.
"Heavy," Sartek said.
"Yeah, rocket engines are like electronics. Generally, the heavier they are, the better they are." He could hardly contain his excitement. "We have enough black powder in these to get the job done for sure. Now, let's just hope Isara and Alex got their stuff done too!"
They rolled their winnings several lots away till they found a more secluded spot, then settled down to the task of dismantling the engines from the rocket mounts, breaking them down to raw ingredients. It broke Liberty's heart to do such a thing, but it must be done.
Stashing the remnants of the magnificent rockets into a drainage pipe at a deserted stop, he sent silent greetings to the old rocketeer. "Thank you Earl," he murmured reverently. Sartek stood by with his head politely bowed. Then they covered the culvert end with brush.
They transferred the core of the engines to their backpacks with Sartek carrying most of the weight.
Liberty felt like he'd let Earl down, but only for a moment. "You know, if Earl knew his rocket engines might help get some aliens launched back to space, I think he'd be pretty darn happy about it."
Sartek wasn't sure what to make of the comment but seemed to appreciate the sentiment.
"Now c'mon. We gotta get to Radio Shack." Liberty shouldered his own pack, and within the hour they had five transmitters, five receivers, a collection of alligator clips, and a roll each of bonding wire and fine filament nichrome igniter wire.
"And how does that work?" Sartek asked.
"When we get back to the house, I'll assemble the explosives. We set them off with the transmitter, and "BOOM," it's foolproof."
"Seriously?"
"No." Liberty shook his head and trucked on.

* * *

Before their trip to the Ace hardware, Alex and Isara made a quick stop to a neighboring drug-store. Only Alex went in, and after her purchases, they knelt behind the store next to a cardboard collection dumpster.
Alex, who'd never worn an ounce of makeup in her life, was appalled at the price she'd paid for the concealing foundation and loose powder. "I can see why girls shop-lift this crap," she said as she spread the concealer onto Isara's cheeks and neck with a sponge. "Well, I mean?I wouldn't, but this stuff is expensive as gold!" She dabbled a bit more before rocking back on her heels to assess her handiwork. "Wow, it's working! You look like you have the plague n' all, but at least you look more human."
Isara flashed a brilliant smile. "Thank you!"
This was the first time Alex noticed that her teeth were finely serrated.
"I'm really happy, Alex. If I look more like you and your friends, all the better." Isara 'seyes flashed with emotion. She paused, reached up to stop Alex from her task. "I understand that you, Liberty, and David maybe live in a-you know-not great situation, but what you are doing to try to help us? It could land you in a great deal of trouble or get you hurt; I am aware of that."
"It wouldn't be the first time I got tagged by the long arm of the law," Alex quipped, pulling Isara's sunglasses off so she could smear the foundation better on her nose. "Besides," she added, "summer was getting kinda' boring before you guys came along."
Isara held still, looking up as her friend gently spread the makeup closer to her eyes.
As always, Alex was immediately awed by the strange effect of the alien's eyes, so large and unusual. Once, she'd seen a really fancy doll, and the glass eyes of it had so much depth to them. That same peculiar depth was also apparent on the alien, although the blue-green of hers  took up almost the entire eye with very little white showing at all. She handed Isara back the sunglasses. "Anyway, you guys have really given summer a lot of potential."
They both laughed before capping the makeup and heading to the hardware store. Alex helped Isara push her locks further up under her ball cap before they went in. With her dark sunglasses and a button down shirt with the collar flipped up, she was quite a bit less conspicuous than she'd been when she first materialized in the meadow in the woods. Keeping her hands stuffed into her overall pockets, she followed Alex through the front doors, her head down.
"Can I help you ladies?" the clerk asked kindly. This almost prompted another smile from Isara, that she'd been mistaken for a "human" lady.
"Plumbing." Alex smiled widely and shook her head and pointed. "Thanks-we got it." The two girls then wandered toward the back of the store and the plumbing section.
There was a bargain bin at the end of an aisle. Isara turned so that the salesman couldn't see her face, but she could still see Alex from the corner of her eye. She pretended to rummage through the bin while Alex approached the man who was pulling toilet plungers out of a big box, lining them up neatly on a shelf.
"Excuse me," Alex said. "Can you help me?" She plastered on her sweetest smile. If someone didn't know her very well, Alex could really pull off sweet. Her eyes were shining with all the promise of a summer morning, her hair was poorly contained in a ponytail, her freckles a glorious splash across her lovely, tanned face.
The man was older, well over six feet, burly and broad, and he studied her with an expression akin to that of a kind uncle. "Sure, little lady. What can I get for you?"
Her smile transformed into a brilliant grin before she said hastily, "I need five pieces of metal pipe, thirteen inches long, three inches in diameter, threaded on both ends?and with end caps." She laced her fingers together and swung them happily back and forth in front of her.
With a look of genuine surprise that turned almost immediately to suspicion, the salesman paused. "Uhmm?yeah, what you just described is something we don't really do." He noted with a tone of grave disappointment, "It sounds too much like you want something for making something that's up to no good." As if to close the conversation, he went back to stocking the toilet plungers, then paused again and asked suspiciously, "Your brother or someone put you up to this?" He glanced up from his task, a toilet plunger dangling from one hand, eyes narrowing to scan farther down the aisle to see if there were looming terrorists waiting for her.
Genuinely appalled, Alex dropped her hands to her sides. "What? You just called me Ted Kaslinski?" She affected a perfect demeanor of sweet outrage. "I'm a Girl Scout for God's-for goodness sakes! I need those pipes for our time capsules!" Alex gave him no time to consider this new information. "We're stuffing them with stuff from the earth's?seasons, and you're gonna make me fail my final project? So I won't ever get my badge?" Her lower lip trembled and she gasped, "Or my scholarship?"
She tried hard to think of David, to imagine that the ship had been ripped into and he was being tortured, or worse, and genuine tears stung her eyes almost immediately.
Her performance was pitch perfect, and the salesman became instantly anxious, evidently not questioning why the child needed five lengths of pipe when there were only four seasons. He held his hands out as though he might stop the flow of tears but it was too late-one tear ran down Alex's cheek, and she turned slowly and dramatically away, shoulders sagging heavily, before letting go a pathetic sob.
"Wait!" he said hastily. "Just wait a second." He peered nervously around as though his supervisor might be watching and dropped his voice. "I can make your time capsules for you, but wouldn't you rather have PVC? It'd be a lot cheaper, and easier to cap, and you could get a lot bigger-fit a lot more stuff in 'em."
"But it wouldn't last a thousand years," Alex replied almost immediately. She'd not really thought this conversation through before coming into the store, but was a master on the fly.
Sighing deeply, the salesman resigned himself to the task. "Come on." He motioned for Alex to follow him.
"That's so wonderful!" Alex feigned deep appreciation. "What's your name? I'd love to include you in my write-up as someone who was so awesome in helping me with my final project!"
"Dave," was all the man replied.
Alex froze, a look of supreme shock on her face.
Dave hesitated when she stopped in her tracks. "You okay little miss? You look like you just seen a ghost."
"What did you say?"
"I said, 'Are you all right?'"
"No-no, before. Your name?"
"Dave; well, it's really David, but my friends just call me big Dave."
The big man patted the child gently on the shoulders as she suddenly surrounded his girth with an enormous hug. At this point, it was obvious she'd totally baffled him on all fronts, and he offered only a simple, "You're so welcome, little miss."
Less than fifteen minutes later, Alex was at the checkout stand with the pipes, a half dozen small steel drill bits, a standard hammer, rock chisel, and four cheap plastic wrist watches. She was genuinely distracted and scarcely murmured a "thanks" to the clerk before sprinting from the store, Isara following discretely behind.
When they were finally outside, Alex ducked around the corner of the building and squatted on her heels, leaning heavily against the brick of the wall. "Holy batshit, Robin."
"What? What is it?" Isara knelt beside her. "Are you okay?"
"That guy in the store-guess what his name was?
"I-I don't understand-"
"David! His name is David."
Isara made the connection immediately. "Oh, wow. I think it's a good sign," she said.
"I know!" Alex grabbed her by the shoulders. "I know it is! But I don't get signs, Isara. It just doesn't happen to me. Our plan-it's supposed to work. This is supposed to happen!" She slapped her hands together in excitement.
The two could hardly contain themselves as Alex fished through the bag for two of the wrist watches. She looked around as though she might see a clock strapped to the outside of the building.
"Wait here," she motioned for Isara to stay put and trotted back into the store. "Excuse me? Do you have the time?"
The younger man behind the counter who'd replaced the woman who rang up her sale fished his cell phone from his pocket and activated it. "Eleven thirty-two."
"Thanks!" She sprinted from the Ace Hardware for the second time and ran to the back of the building. "Set your watch to eleven thirty-two." She showed Isara how to pull out the tiny pin to set the time.
The alien peered closely at the caricature of the mouse with a bow in her hair, arms pointing with index fingers at the numbers. "It's cute." Then she shielded her eyes and squinted at the overhead sun. "We better hurry. We're running out of time I think."
Alex nodded, and the two scampered toward the bus stop, both of them praying silently that Liberty and Sartek had been as successful as they were.



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
?

"Let's cover this again," David was intensely serious about not screwing up. "I want to make sure we haven't missed anything."
They sat together at a table, a three dimensional image of Kansas and the Ogallala aquifer spinning slowly in front of them. They were able to visualize, quite clearly, the geological structures of not only Hutchinson Air Base, but a good part of the surrounding county and even states, if they reduced the image away.
The aquifer, which became much deeper and dramatic as it approached Nebraska, was quite impressive to the human. He'd never imagined such a feature existed, so vast and abundant, with water and hidden barely below the dry flat surface of Kansas. Squinting, he studied the long, elegant finger that snaked beneath Hutchinson, silently giving life to a good part of the Midwest.
"I used to sit on the edge of our pond, fishing with Bert and Alex, and I'd wish we had some bigger piece of water. You know, like an ocean or something? All this time I did, only I didn't know it. It was right under my feet."
"It's good to have water close by," Blalok replied a bit whimsically. "It feeds the mind, I think, simply because it is so essential to life."
"I was thinking it'd be fun to be able to swim a long ways, you know, and surf and stuff." David shot him a wry glance before returning his attention to the aquifer. "And the salt mine, where is that?"
"Enhance subterranean features," Blalok ordered, raising his voice slightly.
Within seconds, the land masses beneath Kansas's earthen crust came swirling into view, each with a distinct color that represented different mass densities. The strata were easy to pick out-the long and folding sheets of limestone and shale, the salt deposits from when the Earth's ancient seabeds had once coursed their way above ground. These long gone oceans had finally become buried as the Earth's massive plates shifted, covering them completely over the span of millions of years. It was impressive to see the result so neatly displayed in front of them.
Blalok's hand slid over a few of the controls and the image zoomed in on a honeycomb cavern beneath the surface. Much smaller in comparison to the massive aquifer, these were the Lyons salt mines, and the "room and pillar" system of mining was clearly evident. 
Mining shafts were dug to the desired depth, and rooms had been carefully constructed by drilling and blasting, leaving enormous salt pillars in strategic places to support the mine as it snaked deeper and deeper into the Earth. It presented itself like a three dimensional checkerboard pattern to the two boys as they examined it closely.
"That's the mine?"
"Mmm." Blalok spun the three dimensional image so they could view it from the other side. "And here's the aquifer." He motioned toward the slick, silvery blue sheet that appeared to send out a network of probing fingers. "These are all underground rivers and streams. As you can see, right here?" He inserted his finger directly into the 3-D image. "The aquifer actually comes fairly close to the mine. My guess is they've tapped it and utilize a water-blast technique to tear away more mine caverns when they need to."
"Sounds kinda' dangerous to me." David said flatly.
This was received with the equivalent of a Bettuan sarcastic expression. "I don't believe mining has ever been considered the safest of professions."
David took immediate offense, as though he'd been insulted. "Why you gotta be all stupid, now. I was just saying-thinking out loud, you know," he snapped and regretted it almost as soon as he'd said it. He glanced away, brushed the dark locks from his tan face. It was a habit he had, and the hair fell almost immediately back over his eyes. "Blalok?I'm sorry about that," he mumbled. "I guess I'm just worried about them." By them he meant not only Liberty and Alex, but Isara and Sartek as well.
Blalok looked down at his feet. "I understand. I'm sorry too." He glanced up. "But as long as we're imagining terrible scenarios?" He punched a few buttons and the 3-D image of Kansas was replaced with a 3-D image of the Cerulean Star. David gasped out loud. What he saw was beautiful and hideous at the same time.
Both were immediately mesmerized. The image rotated slowly in front of them like an infant's mobile, as though suspended by an invisible string in a soft breeze. The blue was indescribable, more vivid and rich than David had ever seen, even more so than a late evening summer sky just before dusk.
The sleek, smooth, oblong body was stunning in its simplicity. The tail of it turned up ever so slightly, like a waterfowl's, and the nose flipped down. Shimmering ribbons of white and blue ran the underbelly length of it.
If he peered very closely, it appeared the surface was almost scaled, like the body of a fish. He could envision it slipping not only through space but through time, which was exactly what the Star did best.
However, the beauty of it was tragically marred. Here and there, in a ragged, weblike pattern, a black thread was crisscrossing the graceful body of the ship. It was ugly and vicious-like a plague-and it crackled intermittently, here and there, with piercing flashes of white.
"What is that?" He was almost afraid to ask.
"It's the Star."
"No, I mean, what's that on it? I don't know, that?that bad looking stuff?"
"That is deterioration-the death of the hull. When it is at roughly forty percent, there will be enough exposed exoskeleton that penetration will likely be attempted."
"And we know how soon that is already, right? But how likely is it they can get in?"
"That depends," Blalok answered with a question. "How determined are your species to conquer and rule?"
Pausing to seriously consider Blalok's question, for he felt it deserved a good answer, David finally replied, "There aren't any species more determined than ours." The expression in his eyes didn't indicate he was overstating himself. He was dead serious.
Blalok's eyes widened at this. "Are you exaggerating?"
David shook his head. "Look-we got sharks, gorillas, bears, lions, orcas, even giant killer bugs. And guess what? They all fear us. Crap is king, and not only does ours stink the worst, we sit on the biggest pile." He spun to look his new friend squarely in the eye. "It's our nature, Blalok. We wreck stuff. I have to be honest-John Conner had it right. We're gonna destroy ourselves."
"John Conner-a philosopher?"
"Yeah, sort of. He led the resistance against the terminators," David explained seriously, and when it appeared he'd lost Blalok entirely, he smiled. "Just a movie, but that doesn't make it not true."
"Perhaps it doesn't have to be that way," Blalok countered.
"No? What do you suppose is going to happen to us when that gets bad enough?" David swept one hand through the 3-D image of the Star.
"We would establish a friendly alliance with your species and be allowed to return Star to space?" It was uncertain whether or not the alien was serious.
When David didn't smile, Blalok sighed heavily as though he knew what his friend feared was sadly true. It would be the end of the Star and, very likely, the aliens' lives as well.
It was just then that they heard it. The sound howled at them like a metallic machine, screaming, just for a split second.
It was enough to make David clasp his hands over his ears. "What the hell was that!"
"The shield. It's not happy about what is happening to it. That means the Vasteen endoskeleton has less than fifty percent of its necessary defense left."
Blalok manipulated the monitor, and the 3-D shape of the ship changed from the scarred image of before to an image covered with minute numbers. They flowed and changed continuously across the surface of the Star. Most of the numbers were blue. Some were green, and a few were yellow and orange. However, a number of them that were red. These flashed ominously.
"See these?" Blalok indicated the red ones. These indicate the areas of the Star where shield strength is dwindling to the point of critical mass. It is here that they will likely first attempt to breach the Star." He stabbed at one particular area where the red was alarmingly prolific and adjusted some settings to effectively diminish the noise.
David continued to peer closely at the image, allowing his gaze to scan over the entirety of the ship. On the other end, toward the top, were three sparkling dots. "What are those?" he pointed.
"Those?" Blalok paused. "Are us. Well, us and Cleo."
Hearing her name, the chakrat mewled softly from behind them.
David turned around to find the unusual little creature peaking out from behind the edge of the shift chamber. Its eyes were enormous and damp, as though it sensed it was in peril. This immediately drove home to David just how much Blalok had to lose. He didn't say it out loud but recognized immediately that his friend's fate would be much worse than his own, not to mention taking away from him the only link he had with his planet and his ship. He swallowed. Words seemed too thick to form.
They both just stared at the decaying Star.
Suddenly, David believed they shared something very much in common?dread. "E-I," he said.
"Yes, David?" came the computer's calm reply.
"Get me Bert."



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
?

Sartek and Liberty hit one more yard-sale before heading back. They'd been lucky enough to score a cheap hand-drill and were now headed home, still dragging the radio flyer. They were nearly back to the rental when they heard a soft beep-beep coming from Liberty's backpack.
"Here, I'll get it." Sartek shoved a box full of engines aside and fished for Liberty's backpack beneath.
It was hot outside; the sun beat down on them, and he swiped sweat from his forehead before he undid the backpack clips and slid the zipper open just as he'd seen the human do. Then he carefully lifted out the ipad and flipped it open.
Liberty took the device from him. "Thanks."
David's face came immediately into view. "How we looking?" he blurted straight away.
"Let me get back to you. We're almost back to the house, and I don't want to risk Sartek being seen."
"Hold on; we're running out of time. The shields are wearing out. I don't think it's gonna be too long before we start getting pummeled. I'm worried about these guys."
"I got the black powder. If Alex and Isara make it back, we should be ready to tour the salt mine by mid afternoon."
"And the aquifer?"
"Yeah," Liberty acknowledged. "It might be an issue. About a hundred eighty feet deep there. Crazy, but the mine goes right through the middle of it."
"I don't see how," David wondered.
"They froze it. Used liquid nitrogen in giant tubes and ran them through the aquifer till it was frozen solid. Then they blasted it out while it was still frozen and lined the ice tunnels with concrete."
This gave David an uneasy feeling in his gut. He wasn't ordinarily a strong swimmer and would never admit to a fair bit of claustrophobia. "That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. That can't be safe."
"It's actually quite safe. This particular mine has one of the safest histories on record. That is-until later on today, anyway." Liberty wasn't meaning to be funny. By now, he and Sartek were walking up the front sidewalk of the rental. "Hold on a sec." He fumbled in his pocket for the house key, handing the notebook back to Sartek.
"Hi," Sartek greeted David's image on the screen.
"Hi," was the reply, and after an awkward silence, "How's the weather?"
"Excuse me?"
"Just kidding. It's just what people say sometimes."
By now, Liberty had the front door open and deposited a box of rocket paraphernalia on the kitchen table before running to the bathroom, motioning that he'd be back in a second.
Sartek set the ipad down. "Your friend, Bert-he's really pretty remarkable."
"I know, and I'd like to see him again, so we have to do this right?in Yoda style."
"Yoda?"
"'Try not. Do or do not. There is no try,'" David quoted.
He was answered with a thoughtful nod by the alien. "Brilliant. A great philosopher?"
"One of the best." David wore an expression of utter seriousness.
"And what after? I mean?if we do this and we get the Star back? What happens to Alex, Bert, and you?" Sartek appeared uncomfortable.
David glanced off screen then back at Sartek. "Well, I guess we go back to The Home?or to jail, more likely." He dismissed the notion. "But that doesn't matter. We have no choice now, really. You're in this mess partly 'cuz of us. We gotta do this; you know we do. It's just a the right thing to do."
Liberty walked into the small dining room where Sartek had laid the notebook on the table. "So, Alex and Isara should be back any second. If they got the rest of the stuff, I should be able to get these assembled, and we go this afternoon." He was in high spirits. "It'll be cutting it close, but there's a tour starting at four twenty." Looking back and forth now, from Sartek to David, Liberty asked, "What? Why the long faces guys? This can work. I know it can!" He was embellishing their odds-they all knew that.
"It's not that," Sartek was obviously trying to remain optimistic, but couldn't hide his worry. "I was just wondering about all of you, when this is done, however it goes."
"You know, guys, if this never happened, I'd never be a part of it. This is the most awesome thing I could've ever imagined, even if it doesn't work out." He motioned in the air around himself. "The universe, all the questions?wondering about things." He turned to Sartek. "I'd never have met you and Isara, and David wouldn't have met Blalok. What say we pull this off and all get together over some root beers and pizzas when it's over?"
A pause, then Sartek brightened. "I'd like that very much."
Blalok inched in on the screen. "Me too, count me in."
Just about when Liberty thought he might choke up, Alex and Isara came crashing through the front door, shopping bags in hand. Had they not been on a mission to confiscate paraphernalia for bomb-making, they might have seemed like a couple of pre-teens back from a shopping spree.
"We got the pipes and the drill bits," Alex announced.
"And the watches!" Isara was bubbling with excitement. "Mine's a mouse." She held up her wrist, proudly displaying her Minnie Mouse, one hundred percent plastic, authentic knockoff wristwatch.
"Seriously, Alex? Mickey Mouse?" Liberty rolled his eyes.
"Yeah, stupid. That's all there was, and you get Goofy," she grinned and reached into her pocket before tossing a watch at his head." It pinged him in the fluff of his hair and fell unharmed to the carpet.
"What is it?" Sartek asked, strapping the Pluto watch to his wrist and purveying it at arm's length.
"It's a watch-means we can coordinate if we get split up," Liberty explained as he briefly admired Goofy on his own wrist. While Alex unpacked her bags, he said, "Now, let's go over this again." He spread some sheets of paper across the table before picking up a pen and sweeping some broad strokes across one of them. Angling the notebook, so that David and Blalok could see as well, he started to draw a diagram. "Okay, guys-here's the plan?"



CHAPTER NINETEEN
?

Lieutenant Colonel Taylor briefed the general. "The outside of it seems to be eroding even faster than it was." He said it with an air of almost gleeful anticipation and took a quick slug from his diet Dr. Pepper before setting the can on the table and standing with his hands on his hips.
They were in another briefing room, gathered behind a large window of six inch thick ballistic glass. The Star glowed eerily beyond the slight distortion of the window, hovering gently against her restraints. The tethering and scaffolding looked obscenely inappropriate wrapped around the vessel, but even so, there was no denying its beauty.
"And that's not all, it-"
"I'm not sure what that means, it's eroding." General Jacobs tossed what was left of his coffee in the trash can.
It was the scientist, Bennett, who replied, "What he's trying to say, sir, is that the hull of the vessel continues to decay at a logarithmic rate." When her comment was met with a blank stare, she added, "It's like the Richter scale-logarithmic? Think of it like an earthquake that registers as a six is ten times stronger than a level five, and a seven quake is then one hundred times stronger than a five." When he just stared at her, she shrugged. "It's like that."
"And this ship is going to blow up like an earthquake?" The general was straight up imagining the collateral damage he would have to explain and thought briefly that he was happy he'd gotten Sylvia and her mother out of Kansas.
"Sir, if I can interrupt, it's-" Taylor began.
Bennett ignored Taylor, speaking still to the general. "No, sir. I mean, at least we have no indication of that. But every hour, it does seem to increase in its rate of deterioration. At this point, we have several substantial areas of exposed vessel. As for a catastrophic event, we don't have any real indication that one is imminent. We don't know what or when that could be. Or even if it's probable."
"And what is exposed, exactly?"
Bennett glanced at Lieutenant Taylor, and then back to the general. "We don't know, sir."
"Well?what do we know about what we don't know, since that seems to be all we can figure out about this goddamn thing-other than we think it's from outer space and we caught it like it wanted to be caught?"
With a sigh, the scientist tried to explain. "General, please don't be fooled into false complacency. This vessel is light years beyond our capacity to assess it." She gestured toward the cavern beyond the window. "We don't understand the complexity of the helium shield that's breaking down or the radioactive wavelength that it emits-only that it exists. And beyond the hull?" She drew a deep breath. "It's certainly something we've never encountered before."
"Is it some kind of super metal?"
"Uhmm, no?at least not like we know of. It isn't classified in our knowledge of chemistry or engineering."
"What are you saying, Ms??" The general struggled again to remember her name.
"Bennett, sir. And what I'm saying is that, as far as we know, this material does not exist, not on this planet. None of our rovers have picked up anything like it either."
This quieted everyone in the room.
"Then, what you're saying is?" His voice trailed off.
"It is not from here, sir. Nor anywhere remotely close to here." Bennett answered flatly and with utmost certainty. "They?" She gestured again toward the ship. "?are not from this galaxy."
The general stood, walked slowly over to the window, and absently scratched the stubble on his chin. He took several minutes to simply study the Star. He'd been up most of the night, had grabbed two hours of sleep and yet another crappy cup of coffee-Why could this facility not make a decent cup of coffee?
Taylor started to say something, but Jacobs waved him to silence.
The pressure was on. The technology that this ship carried could very well launch the United States decades ahead of any other country, and not just with the military. The readings they were getting from the vessel suggested an alternate energy source. Who knew? It might even launch the twenty-first century into world peace.
The Pentagon was pushing him for answers, and he'd been supplied a team of the most gifted scientists alive, only half of whom spoke English. So why was it so hard to get some answers?
Add to these concerns the tickle that was growing in the back of his head that this thing could come abruptly to life, and everything could go horribly awry. Who knew? Kansas could be instantly blown off the map. He had a sudden recollection of Herbert Wells, War of the Worlds, and remembered how it terrified him as his father read it to him over the span of two stormy evenings.
He waved a hand at the vessel. "What about the radiation? Are we seeing any increase in levels?"
"Negative, General. We're seeing mild fluctuations, small spikes which we believe are attributed to the decomposition of the hull, but nothing more than we've originally measured." She seemed to hesitate before adding, "But there is something else I should point out."
The general glanced back over his shoulder, and one eyebrow went up in an expression of exasperated anticipation.
"We've detected a signal coming from the vessel."
This came as a surprise. "What the hell? And I haven't been informed about this? Have we intercepted it?" Now, he was royally pissed off.
Bennett took an involuntary step backward. "We can't?yet. It seems to be a wireless signal, not unlike wi-fi, but we're unable to break into it. We do know that the signal is being directed to the surface, although we cannot pinpoint where. It's just a matter of time before-"
Lieutenant Colonel Taylor took the opportunity, just then, to interrupt her and add, "That's what I've been trying to tell you!" He glared at Bennett. "We've been compromised, sir. Our network has been hacked."
The general held both hands up. "I can't accept this! We got an alien ship here that is communicating with someone land side and has hacked into our classified network?" He pounded his fist on the table. "That is an act of treason and smells like one thing to me?war." He addressed the Lieutenant. "Get me the Chief, and the Pentagon, now!"
Bennett and the Lieutenant looked immediately at each other. She was wearing a mask of serious concern; he simply gloated. Neither said anything.
"We're gonna secure that thing," the general said, hiking his thumb toward the ship, "or heads are gonna roll!" The cliché didn't seem so pathetic coming from him. Heading for the door, he added, "And if it makes a move, even a hiccup, we're taking it down. Am I clear?" and out the door he went.



CHAPTER TWENTY
?

Sitting across from Blalok, David realized how hungry he was. His belly growled loud enough to prompt a glance from the alien. He picked up his fork, preparing to do some serious damage to the healthy slab of lasagna that sat steaming in front of him, but just as he was about to shove a mouthful in, he noticed the look on Blalok's face. He was slack jawed with wide eyes.
Even though David was still unfamiliar with Bettuan facial expressions, there was no mistaking the expression of repulsion that his new friend wore.
"What? It's lasagna. Probably the best stuff ever, even better than pizza!"
"It looks?dead, like its bleeding everywhere, like its tendons and stuff are sticking out of it," Blalok said, digging into his own lunch, a flake of something pristinely white.
Reanalyzing his own lunch, David tried hard to see the lasagna from the alien's point of view. The tomato sauce dripped, glistening with the oily runoff of the ground meat. Noodles peeked out from beneath the carnage in grisly white layers. Between them, ricotta cheese bubbled and escaped in lumpy red and white glory, pouring onto his plate.
Hmmm?I guess it does look like some pretty good carnage when you think about it. I'll have to be 'lasagna man' at Halloween this year, David thought to himself. "I guess I see your point. I never really saw it like that before." In a dramatic gesture of goodwill, he tented his napkin on the table between them, placing the lasagna fairly well out of sight of the Bettuan. "There! Problem solved," he said and shoveled a huge bite into his mouth, grinning broadly between chewing.
The alien attacked his own fish and some sort of leafy greens. A leaflet of something dark stuck to his front tooth prompting laughter from David as well. When they were half way through their meals, he asked, "So can E-I update us on what's going on down there? I mean with the military and all, like hack in and get their game plan?"
Blalok bowed his head. "That is no longer possible. They have placed obstructions, constricting our ability to hack into their network."
"A firewall??"
"Essentially, yes; that would be a good word for it. We could easily overcome it, but because we've done it once already, we risk them discovering sensitive information from us at the same time. Such a thing could super-evolve your species, if they were to gain access to our mainframe. It is an unacceptable risk, one we simply cannot take."
David chose not to argue with him regarding this. It appeared the Bettuan were fairly entrenched in their belief system regarding noninvolvement of alien "sub-evolved" species. It was just then that they heard it, a new noise, an unmistakable shrill violation of metal grinding against metal.
They stared at each other, their eyes widened at the horrible sound, and both boys jumped up in unison, running for the door. Minutes later, they were on the bridge where Blalok was making an assessment. He quickly pulled up the 3-D holographic image of the Star.
David was mortified to visualize the blackened web effect that the shield deterioration had on the exquisite ship. There were, by then, gaping maws-deep slices of darkness that seemed to drip and cut across the vessel in a cruel, random fashion. Elsewhere, the Star was losing its stunning blue color as patches of it were fading to a ghastly gray. Then, he noticed something else, something about the ship that shouldn't belong. "Here." He pointed. "What's that?"
"That would be where they are trying to cut in," Blalok surmised.
"What?"
There was a particularly deep and ugly slice of deterioration across what might be called the throat of the Star. Underneath, toward the front of the ship, this was the blackest and widest of all the wounds.
"Hold on," Blalok called and went to the control panel.
The front screen of the bridge held an image of the cavern that contained the ship. There were scaffoldings and platforms at almost every angle as well as many scientists and military personnel running around, containing and studying their extraordinary capture.
Punching a few controls, Blalok pulled up a different perspective, one from directly beneath the vessel. Immediately across the screen flashed the image of a large device, fixed by a crane of sorts, and pressed against the throat of the Star. The tool was massive, and from its mouth projected a probe that pressed obscenely against the Vasteen hull of the ship. This was what made the horrible sound that seemed to come from the Star itself as if it appeared to cry out.
"That's not good." Blalok spun in his chair to pull up a smaller visual panel.
"What?" David asked urgently. "I thought you said this hull was like a billion times stronger than anything we have?"
Blalok looked sideways at his human friend. "You are prone to exaggeration, aren't you?" He punched in some calibrations before saying, "I said that Vasteen is fourteen times stronger than Titanium, but you do possess the technology to destroy it, it would appear." He swung around again to look at David.
"What is that thing?" David stared at the wicked probe that gouged into the underbelly of the Star. A frothy white substance sprayed in sheets from the ship into a collection trough that appeared to recirculate the material back to the weapon.
"That-is a water jet cutter. Your species is very clever, David. This device can eventually do a great deal of damage."
"Water? I don't get it."
"They are directing a high pressure stream of water, one so strong it can cut through any material known on this planet." Blalok shrugged. "Given enough time, if it were only a water blade, it would not likely be able to cut through the hull of the Star, at least not in this century. However?" 
He pointed, indicating the collection troughs below the giant tool. "They are collecting runoff. Contained within that runoff are particulate fragments of Vasteen. Granted, there's not very much-perhaps a microscopic amount. But if they do as I suspect they will and recirculate that particulate into the jet of water as an abrasive??" He looked genuinely grim as he directed his full attention to David. "With Vasteen mixed in to the spray, they will no doubt, in time, breach the hull."
"How soon?"
"Probably before morning."
David was clearly not going to accept this. "What kinda' ship is this! You can fly through a bunch of stars, but we can cut into it with a super soaker?" He hopped up, unable to contain himself. "Blalok, you gotta do something about that! There's a whole lotta good about not doing any harm and all, but you're gonna lose this ship and both your friends if you don't defend yourself!"
"Just what would you have us do? Destroy these men?" The alien swept one hand toward the forward screen. "They did not ask us to come here. We came of our own accord. We were not invited."
"You came because you had to! You needed the oxygen. And you'll leave if they let you! Or else you gotta do something!"
This statement, in its fundamental simplicity, sobered the alien up considerably.
"We might have made it to another planet," he said somberly.
"But you didn't, and you couldn't have known," David insisted.
"We could have left without making contact," Blalok countered flatly.
"And then what, Blalok? Float through the universe till something really horrible happens? Never have a home to go to again? Never fit in anywhere?"
Blalok's eyes narrowed as he studied the human, so impassioned before him. "You lost your home too," he shot back grimly.
David swallowed thickly, tried to slow his breathing. All the while the terrible screee of the water cutter pierced the very air around them. "Yeah, Blalok?I did. I lost my home and my dad, but I'm not sorry. I found Alex and Bert. They're my family now. They make wherever I am home, as long as I'm with them. They're the best, and they're out there right now, trying to make right by you!" He knelt close to Blalok, close enough that he could rest his hands on Blalok's knees as he spoke.
This provoked the alien to lean back in his chair, wide-eyed and fairly speechless. David could not know Blalok had a strong aversion to being touched.
"You have us now. You're not alone anymore, and if you have faith, we can get you outa' this. But you gotta trust me on this. Donkey says, 'Where there is a will, there is a way.'"
"Donkey was another great philosopher?"
"Oh, yeah," David grinned, "Shrek's main man. Now what say we do a little damage of our own, stir things up a bit? At least slow those assholes down."
"Well-there are always the infrasonic emissions? Maybe we could deter them with that?" Blalok was trying to peel David's fingers off his knees as he spoke.
"What is that? Like a sound cannon?" Rising, he faced the screen again.
"Then, you know of this!" Blalok was more excited than he'd yet been.
"Oh, yeah! It's what they tried to stop the Hulk with!"
"Hulk?" Blalok seemed genuinely intrigued.
"Yes-he's an Avenger."
"I have so much to learn of your history," the smallest Bettuan mused then called loudly, "E-I, we need to send a signal, a two point five kilo-hertz pulse should be adequate. Please emit from all perimeters until notified otherwise."
"As you wish," was the immediate reply, and in exactly eight seconds, the terrible screeing against the hull stopped. The forward screen showed men and women in white coats scurrying for the exit doors like rats from a flood, hands over their ears as they ran. One rather large man stopped to vomit his lunch on the tarmac before staggering away.
"Awesome!" David was thrilled. "How long will that hold them?"
"Not very long, I'm afraid-until they find some good ear protection."
"Can't we up the frequency?"
"We can, but the risk of orbicular and internal intestinal rupture increases."
"Orbicular?"
"Eyeballs," Blalok stated matter of factly.
"Oh, geez." David was repulsed. He took a seat by Blalok. "You know, they're gonna come back, still try to cut into us with a water cutter."
"When they do, we'll figure it out." The alien finally nodded his appreciation. "But at least we've stopped them for now. Thank you David. I do appreciate your help, more than I might indicate."
"Hey-if you get out, chances are I'll get out too." He grinned.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
?

It'd been one thing for Liberty to devise the strategy-the physics and logic of the plan were sound-but when he sat down at the kitchen table to build the explosives, it sickened him to do so. Even though he was technically a child, he was an intellectual giant. The greatest minds in the world were painfully unaware of this, and only a few had even touched upon his cognitive gifts, but in his heart he'd always held strongly to a general philosophy of nonviolence. In a way, he very much ascribed to the Bettuan belief system.
Sitting at the kitchen table, building the explosives, had been difficult for him. Not the physics of the operation-the ethics of it. He'd ultimately convinced himself that by making the bombs, he was effectively providing civil resistance against the harm of his new friends and their rare ship. 
More than that, he tried very hard not to look at it from a personal slant. Even if he didn't know Isara and Sartek, even if the aliens had never come land side at all but were captured nonetheless, he still believed releasing them was the only option. It was the only reasonable outcome for humanity and the Bettuan. Therefore, building the bombs was logical. It was the only possible way to assist them, to allow them freedom and the opportunity to find a way home.
It wasn't that Liberty felt aliens were unwelcome. He believed very strongly that humanity, and the evolution of what was intimately human, depended on allowing visitors from beyond their own world. He also knew in its current state of development, humanity was not prepared to allow this to happen just yet. Sadly, at this point in humanity's evolution, this greatest discovery-visitors from another galaxy-would be the end of the human race altogether. In the very depth of his soul, Liberty knew this. And so?he built five bombs.
He asked Alex, Isara, and Sartek to leave while he assembled them. They'd go out "for tacos," Alex announced and left him alone, not really knowing if they'd come back to find a pit where the little house had once been.
It'd been an unsubstantiated fear. His calibrations were accurate?the explosives were perfect.

*  *  *

Alex and the Bettuan were gone for two hours, just as Liberty had told them they needed to be. None of them really felt like eating, and so they'd spent the time sitting on the edge of an elementary school playground, spinning slowly on the faded merry-go-round, not talking very much. The second the two hours were up, Alex and Sartek checked their watches and said simultaneously, "Time's up."
Back to the house the three ran and crashed breathless through the back door. They found Liberty sitting calmly at the dining room table, head resting on crossed arms. In front of him on a dish towel lay five identical pipes.
He looked up and said simply, "They're ready."
That afternoon, Alex stood in line at the underground salt mine to get four tickets for the mine's tour.
Liberty lingered off to the side, backpack over his shoulder, scanning the crowd. He wondered with amazement at how many tourists were prepared to seek an underground salt mine tour on a hot Tuesday afternoon. Then he answered his own question, recognizing that within the mine, temperatures were a constant sixty-eight degrees all year long.
Alex walked back, waving the tickets. "Frick! Can you believe so many people want to see a bunch of dumb salt?" She indicated the milling crowd, back over her shoulder.
"It's not the salt they want to see," Liberty explained. "It's the mine itself." He gestured toward the opening, which resembled an entrance to a Wal-Mart more than it did a mine. "Down there are miles of tunnels and caves, and they're all supported and carved out of the salt. And that's not all. It stays such a constant cool temperature and humidity that some of the most valuable American documents and stuff are stored down there. It's a tomb for some pretty amazing national treasures."
"How do you know that?" Alex asked with a healthy dose of skepticism and wrinkled her nose at him.
"Like what?" Sartek asked. "What's down there?"
"Like the original negatives of movies like Ben-Hur, Wizard of Oz, and Gone with the Wind."
"Yawn," Alex jeered.
Liberty glared at her. "Yeah? Well, they also have James Dean's shirt from the movie 'Giant.'"
This brought about not one visible ounce more of enthusiasm from Alex.
"And they got the original costumes of Batman and Mr. Freeze, and the suit agent Smith wore in The Matrix."
This was finally enough to bring a look of appreciation to Alex's face.
"I don't know what any of that is," Isara said.
"There are also some of the most important historical documents, all the way back to the birth of our country, stored in there. Even the original newspaper documentation of our first presidential assassination is down there, and tons of medical research biopsies encased in wax."
Isara seemed to consider this. "But Bert, can we risk losing such valuable materials?"
"We won't. I have the subterranean map that E-I worked up for us on my ipad. Even the military doesn't have such an accurate map, I don't think. We're not gonna hurt anything we don't need to be hurting." He reached into his backpack and pulled our four bandanas.
"Speaking of which," Alex tied the pink bandana around her neck, effectively hiding the translation collar from the public. "Blowing stuff up in an underground mine isn't exactly safe, you know. How do we keep it from just caving in on us?"
"We set the detonations, then get a safe distance away." He was suddenly very serious as he glanced back and forth between his friends, watching them tie their own kerchiefs on. "This isn't foolproof?Alex is right. It carries risk. If anyone is not up for this?"
"In for a penny, in for the whole shebang." Alex elbowed Liberty gently in the ribs.
"There is no reason for you to risk your lives going in there." Sartek motioned toward the mine. "Isara and I can go on from here."
"Not an option," Liberty replied with a tone of false optimism. "You need me to set the detonators. And it's very likely we'll have to create a separate diversion-enough to get you on the ship and out of there. Besides, you're the most fun I've had, well?ever."
He hoped they didn't hear the fear in his voice. His stomach was doing flip-flops just thinking about the task ahead of them. The odds he understood very well; he had no choice but to try valiantly to ignore them.
"And we're friends now," Alex added. "Friends don't abandon each other when stuff goes in the crapper."
Isara and Sartek regarded each other for a long moment before extending their right hands, one on top of the other, toward their new friends. "Put your hand on top," Isara prompted.
"Sweet!" Alex chirped. "A secret handshake!"
She slapped her right hand on top of Isara's, and Liberty did the same, on top of hers. What happened then was more than the humans anticipated.
Isara and Sartek both closed their eyes and said nothing, nor did they move.
Liberty glanced briefly at Alex before following suit, and as the four clasped hands with eyes closed, he was overcome with a sensation he'd never experienced before.
Starting at his fingertips, the tingling feeling spread slowly into his palm, up his arm, and accelerated into a heated rush as though he'd stepped under a warm shower. It was very similar to the feeling he'd experienced previously, just from randomly touching Isara or Sartek, but multiplied now a great deal. It ran, still tingling, up between his ears and then down his spine, ending somewhere in the pit of his stomach. With these sensations came an overwhelming feeling of well-being and camaraderie.
Sartek pulled his hand away first.
Liberty opened his eyes.
"What the bloody heck was that?" Alex exclaimed.
"We're connected now," Isara stated happily.
"What? Like we can read each other's minds?"
"No, it means that we will each have a sensation of the presence of the others-in case we're separated."
"Like a homing beacon?" Liberty asked.
"No," Sartek glanced at the mine.
When he didn't elaborate, Isara added, "If one of us?if we, uhmm?"
"If one of us dies. That's what you're trying to say, isn't it?" Alex asked.
Sartek nodded thoughtfully.
This brought a hush over the group as each of them likely considered the serious possibility of it.
Liberty broke the silence. "Well, let's not test the connection then." He motioned toward the entrance and attempted to hike the backpack farther up onto his shoulder. "Let's do this! Operation Phoenix!"
"Operation Phoenix!" the other three chanted back.
"Let me get that." Sartek reached for his backpack. "You've been carrying it all day."
"Negative." Liberty attempted to put his most optimistic foot forward. "If we get separated, I need these with me, not that I don't trust you, but I'd feel better if I set them myself." Truthfully, he recognized the magnitude of the power each one of the explosives carried, much less five of them, and wished to guard their safety until detonation.
Sartek reached for the pack. "It's too obvious, Bert, and too heavy. Five pipes and the transmitters and receivers for them? Look at you-you look like your moving in." He pulled his own backpack from his shoulder, and Liberty finally agreed to transfer two of the assemblies to Sartek's bag. "Besides," he added, glancing over at Alex with a smile, "'In for a penny.'"
She just shot the alien a thumbs up.
Once inside the mine, the four hung toward the back of the tour group and were with the last bunch to enter the double elevator that would descend for just over a minute to the start of the mine tour. With roughly sixty-seven miles of mine, the four had plenty of ground to cover, and Liberty realized that precision would be key if they hoped to succeed. The plan consisted of two stages, and they had five explosives. He knew that if he was lucky, three would detonate.
There was a general security check at the entrance. "Bert," Alex whispered urgently. "They're gonna check our bags!"
"No, they won't. Just act normal." His lips were grimly set, and he stared at the security guards as they approached the scanner, focusing on the two of them.
These children are just fine. You don't need to search their backpacks. They're here on a summer-school project, an overhead voice gently suggested.
The female guard waved the four kids through without asking them to send their backpacks through the scanner. "Have fun, kids. Good luck with your school project."
"Thank you," Sartek murmured as he took Liberty by the arm, supporting him as he'd turned suddenly pale.
Alex whispered, "I have some water," but he waved her off. "I'm fine. Hurry up." He motioned to a nearly full tour train.
They trotted to the last car of the train. It resembled a tram, complete with lock and pin assembly so that when the train moved it had the wonderful start and jerk domino effect of mildly disjointed cars, like on a roller coaster. It briefly reminded Liberty how much he loved the concept of a train and what a thrill it'd been to hop a real one with Alex. He considered again how much he admired her courage as she snuggled firmly up against him in the car.
"Move your keister over-incoming." She bumped against Sartek.
The four of them took up an entire car. It was fortunate for them that the lighting was dismally poor. The tour guide wore a miner's hardhat, complete with headlamp, more for effect than any real purpose, and he passed out similar hardhats to each of the tourists, only without the lights.
After a brief orientation with a belabored discussion of emergency protocol, in the event of the tram stalling or breaking down, they started off.
Liberty pulled the ipad from Alex's backpack and opened the cover. He'd already set the display to extra dim, anticipating the darkness and not wanting to draw attention to them. Almost immediately, he had the equivalent of a subterranean Google map and, with the long range extender and bit of tweaking from E-I, was able to superimpose it over the layout of the military base's underground facility. It glowed dimly and eerily, a ghostlike web on the screen. The critical areas they needed to access blinked with a tiny red beacon.
He worked steadily to make sure their calculations were accurate, but every so often, someone's camera would flash and, for a few seconds, Liberty would be blinded.
"Do you think the flashes might cause exhibit damage?" Liberty asked aloud.
"No," the tour-guide responded from way up front. "Everything down here is either concrete or salt, and the equipment we're going to see isn't really photosensitive."
That wasn't really the answer Liberty wanted, and he didn't really think that cameras would hurt anything, but he was grateful that the camera flashes did seem to wane a bit after his comment.
As the tour progressed deeper into the mine, Alex grabbed onto Liberty's arm, her hand tightening the farther down they went."
"You okay?" Liberty whispered.
"I don't know. Does it seem hard to breathe down here?"
"You're just a little claustrophobic. Take slow breaths so you don't hyperventilate, and you'll be fine." In the darkness, he wasn't sure if she'd acknowledged him or not, but her grasp did seem to relax just a bit.
Liberty couldn't help but be intrigued by the tour. The mine was fascinating! He already knew the mining equipment needed to be disassembled and brought down in pieces before being reassembled for use. It was an incredibly inefficient process to reverse whenever equipment either broke down or became obsolete, and because there was an abundance of spare space in the mine, it became customary to just abandon the old mining machinery and vehicles whenever they died.
When they passed yet another mechanical casualty, the skeleton of an obsolete John Deere backhoe stripped of any useful parts, he had the sensation that they were traveling through an underground machine graveyard. Truthfully, they were!
Finally, they were as far as the tour would allow, and the tram flipped about. A short distance on the way back, the guide stopped the rig and turned off his helmet light to allow his guests the experience of complete and utter blackout.
A hush fell over the tour group, and somewhere in the distance, a slow drip of water could be heard. It was uncanny, Liberty thought to himself, how seldom humans ever really experienced true darkness, even when their eyes were closed.
The moment didn't remain silent for long as confidence slowly overcame the tour group. Hellos, whistles, and calls of this and that seemed to echo even louder than when it was light, and before long the din of the crowd drowned out everything else.
It was precisely at this moment that the four kids eased themselves from the car, leaving the last one empty. They tiptoed carefully back around the corner, so they would be hidden when the conductor relit his helmet light.
All the while, Liberty was concentrating very hard and trying to project the thought, There never were four kids-the last car was empty.
He wasn't certain if this helped them at all until Sartek whispered, "I heard it."
"So did I," Alex said. "Only way more convincing that even on the bus! You're getting really good at that. It wasn't so much like you were shouting this time. Bert, you're a Jedi!" 
"Yes-I even doubted we were in the car!" Isara beamed.
"Good," Liberty answered, not mentioning anything of the wave of nausea that hit him again, just like the last time he'd used whatever this new ability was. Before, at the mine entrance, it had dissipated fairly fast, and he was determined to just wait it out again and not make a fuss-see if it went away as quickly this time. It didn't.
Crack went the first glow-stick. It was Alex's, and she fished around in her backpack for a few more, passing them around. Isara and Sartek followed her example, shaking them after they'd cracked them, and soon they each held a glow-stick. And these weren't dime-store issues, either. They were industrial strength and afforded a considerable amount of light for them to work with.
Alex handed a bottled water to Liberty. "Here," she said, meeting his gaze. She didn't say anything more, but Liberty was certain she must be aware of the effect the mind trick suffered on his gut.
The eerie green of the glow-stick made Alex's features look a sickly washed out color, and Isara and Sartek looked-well-more alien than they ever had.
This only served to immediately reinforce to Liberty that he was doing the right thing, getting them back to their ship. They didn't belong here on Earth to be picked apart, analyzed, and tested until they were simply no more.
"Here." He flipped open the notebook. "This is where we need to get to-into the actual business part of the mine. If we backtrack to where the tour turned around, there's a gate. We need to get through there. Then the shaft leads into another area of the mine not being actively worked. It's almost directly under the main air exhaust tunnel, just beneath the combat operations center." He looked up. "That's where we blast, about a hundred yards apart each way."
"And the aquifer?" Isara hazarded.
"It's a couple hundred feet further north. We should be okay."
No one said anything for a second as though unwilling to acknowledge the big word should.
"Let's get going-time's a-wastin', and I'm guessing it's not getting any safer for Blalok and David either," Liberty said.
"Wait!" Alex held out her wrist and pressed the button on the side of her watch. The plastic round face lit up. "Let's coordinate-make sure we're all on the same time."
Liberty smiled at her. "Good idea."
The other three held their own wrists up and triggered the wristwatch lights as well. They all peered closely to make sure the times were the same and the second hand was sweeping.
"What's plan B?" Alex asked suddenly looking up from her watch with all the sincerity of a brand new day.
"Plan B?" Isara wondered aloud.
"She means if?if we don't?" Sartek was at a loss for words.
"Don't worry about plan B. We've done the logical things to optimize our success. Plan B will fall into place if it must, only because we'll make the right decisions then too, if it comes to that."
Nobody was willing to hazard what those other decisions might be, and the others silently agreed. Liberty knew that there wasn't likely to be an opportunity for a plan B, that if they failed, none of them were going to get away. However, it was a sweet and genuine notion, so he kept his mouth shut and allowed them the dignity of optimism.
It was a longer walk than he imagined it would be as they wound their way along the tunnel-much less entertaining than it was from the back of the tram. Liberty hitched his thumbs under the shoulder straps of his backpack. One of the pipes within had been poking him on his right hip.
As though reading his mind, Sartek reached for the backpack, gently rearranging the bomb through the canvas material so that it seemed to ride a bit better.
"Thanks."
"No worries," Sartek replied. He'd evidently heard Alex coin that phrase earlier. It was one of her favorites, and the alien had adopted it into his own vocabulary.
This prompted a smile from Liberty even though it was too dark for anyone to see it.
Now they were nearing the turn around of the tour path again. They walked beyond this spot for some distance. Holding the glow-sticks up higher so they could see a bit better, they were met with more than they bargained for as they approached a gate. The mine shaft was barred with heavy timbers. These girded the entire span of the shaft, and to one side was an iron door, fixed fast into the jamb of an enormous ten inch frame.
"How?" Alex asked with dismay.
"Here." Sartek approached the heavy hinged door. It appeared as though it'd been so long since it was last used that it was rusted fast. There was an enormous keyed portal that was eroded to the point that it'd become almost like part of the wood around it. Leaning his head against the door, Sartek closed his eyes.
They all waited, Alex with her fingers crossed.
Sartek concentrated. At one point, he opened his eyes, took a deep breath, and started again to concentrate, trying to work the latch free. There was a faint squeak from within the mechanism, but that was all. Nothing happened.
"Looks like we might have to blast through it," Isara said with a sigh.
"No," Liberty warned. "It's too soon. If we blast through now, it'll draw attention before we can set up where we really need to detonate." He furrowed his brow. "There's gotta be another way."
"Turn off the ipad," Alex prompted.
"Why?" Liberty asked but then realized what she intended to do. It was her turn to try to channel the gift the aliens' connection offered.
Realizing they were out of options and had no obvious other choice, Liberty powered down both devices then took them a good distance back from where they'd come and left them sitting on the ground next to a pillar. Just to be safe, he pulled the batteries from the transmitters and receivers, wrapped them in the paper bag that held them, and buried them shallowly behind the pillar. Jogging back, he took Alex's glow-stick from her.
They backed up a few feet behind her, giving Alex room to do whatever it was she might.
She didn't close her eyes. She simply stood in front of the door, arms hanging loosely at her side. It struck Liberty that she seemed very thin and small in her overalls, her wavy curls hanging long down her back, barely controlled in the faded pink scrunchy with the tiny silver stars on it. The huge iron and timbered door was terrible and formidable in front of her, and her shadow cast up along it, much taller than she was. It exhibited all the makings of a bad horror movie, but Liberty couldn't look away.
Nothing happened. For a long moment, absolutely nothing happened. Still, no one moved. Then, quite unexpectedly, the glow-sticks began to get brighter and brighter. Before long, they were so bright Liberty couldn't even look directly at one, and they were becoming warm in his hand.
"Alex, something's wrong with-" He didn't even get a chance to finish his sentence when the glow-stick became so suddenly hot that he dropped it to the ground.
Isara and Sartek dropped theirs almost in unison.
Alex seemed not to even notice what was happening behind her.
Before Liberty could say anything more, all four glow-sticks abruptly exploded with a splash of light, spraying droplets of glowing green slime everywhere, including all over them. They were left in the awful darkness, and that wasn't all?from behind them there was a distant whistle followed by a small kaboom as the ipad and long range receiver both exploded. It was unlikely that it was enough to register as seismic activity, but it startled them all nonetheless.
"Alex!" Isara called in the darkness.
There was no answer.
"Alex!" Sartek called out next,
"Wait!" Liberty warned in a hushed voice. "Just a sec?don't move."
Sure enough, there was an agonizing groan from the door, like twisting metal. The groan accelerated into an angry howl as rusted iron pinched and grated. Something was moving, whether toward or away from them they couldn't be certain, but they remained motionless until the noise ceased. The next sound they heard was Alex retching.
Liberty pulled out the emergency candles and cigarette lighter he'd brought just in case. He lit them, passing one to each Bettuan. When they finally had enough light, they could see Alex, bent over and wiping her lips with the back of her hand. Beyond her, the door was rent open toward them about a foot and a half. Beyond it was only black.
"Alex you did it!" Sartek yelled.
Liberty poured water into Alex's hand so she could splash it onto her lips and tongue. "Yeah, but that's as good as it gets, guys."
Isara held a candle close so they could all see.
After a few moments of collecting themselves, Liberty went back to the pillar. The notebook was nowhere to be found. He saw a twisted piece of the plastic shell that had bounced off the ceiling and lay in the center of the tunnel.
"Thanks," he murmured to the powers that be as he dug the batteries from their shallow grave. At least these appeared to be fine. He hurried back to the group, and they helped Alex to her feet.
"Ipad's toast. Don't worry, we'll be okay," Liberty told them all.
"What? How are we going to contact E-I now?" Sartek worried.
"It's all right. We have a plan. When things like this happen, you just stick to the plan. Blalok will know this to. It's strategy one oh one."
There wasn't any alternative, really, and so all together they stepped through the door and beyond, into a long ago closed off shaft of the mine.



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
?

"What the hell was that?" General Jacobs was stunned. He wasn't certain, but he thought he might be bleeding from his ears and poked the tip of his index finger into his right one. Then he withdrew it, analyzing it closely for blood.
"It's a sound pulse, sir," Bennett explained briefly.
"So it has weapons?" He was astounded and infuriated at the same time.
"I suppose-if you look at it that way," the scientist countered.
"And what other way is there to look at it?"
"Well, if you think about it, there are a lot more damaging weapons that it might have-probably could have-used. It appears to have chosen to employ a weapon that would have minimal, if any, damage at all." Bennett lifted her hands toward him as though appealing to him. "Think about it, sir. We go slicing into the hull of it-we can't even identify what the substance is we're hacking away from it-and all it chooses to do is safely deter us from the destruction we're so intent on? It seems fairly ridiculous to assume a ship, capable of interstellar travel, wouldn't have a weapon to defend itself from destruction."
"That's bullshit, and you know it," the general countered, his ears throbbing, but he had to admit to himself that a race so advanced as this one would likely have the capacity to do much greater harm than it just exhibited.
"I disagree, sir," Lieutenant Colonel Taylor stepped in. "The vessel has acted in an aggressive manner. Recommend counterstrike immediately."
Meanwhile, all personnel had been evacuated from the bay. The Star floated within, still tethered by cables from all sides, and the sonic pulse continued. All access doors were closed and secured while the general, lieutenant colonel, and Bennett, viewed it from an overhead observatory. Operative personnel milled about behind the doors, wearing protective ear gear.
Even behind protective glass, the general could faintly feel the throbbing of the auditory pulse.
"I have a suggestion," Bennett offered.
"What? And this better not be flower garlands and welcome mats."
"Not exactly, but what if we stand down? Simply observe-try to communicate." She was genuine in her appeal.
The general was unmoved, and the colonel objected loudly. "If we stand down to it now that it has attacked, we're only showing weakness. We'll be opening ourselves to disaster. There's no way that that thing?" He stabbed his finger toward the window. "Is friendly. It came here, and we have to assume-"
"Assume what?" Bennett interrupted him. "Assume it's hostile? That it's come to take us over? To suck out our guts and eat us?" She stopped just short of stomping her feet. "You've been watching too many B-rated movies, Lieutenant!"
"Yeah, maybe I have!" he countered. "But you can't know if where they came from there aren't more on their way!"
"What are you-"
"Didn't think of that, did you?" he interrupted her. "Are you willing to put national security at risk? And how do you know that they didn't land somewhere else on Earth first? That they now have something to gain by infiltrating US securities?"
Bennett was speechless. She ignored Taylor and addressed the general instead. "Sir, I would appeal to you, as the head of your science team. Please allow us to formulate a strategy for communication?before we counterstrike."
The general weighed her words carefully. He thought about what the colonel said-about if this wasn't the alien ship's first contact. He thought about his thirty-nine years on the job and how long it'd taken him to get where he was. With the matter of global terrorism a top international issue, he realized that an incident could hurt the United States considerably, perhaps mortally. Finally he reconsidered the news that the ship was communicating with someone land side. This made him think about his wife and daughter. He deliberated carefully, wanting to do the right by the citizens of the United States. He just didn't feel he could take a chance.
Taylor and Bennett stared at him while they waited for his orders.
He looked over at the colonel. "Stabilize the zone and prepare counterstrike."
"You can't do that! If you attack it, you could blow Hutchinson off the map!"
"Better Hutchinson than all of Kansas," he snapped at her and turned back to Taylor. "Prepare for complete evacuation of the base, and let's?" He spun about to have one last look at the Cerulean Star. "Let's blow this."
"Yes sir!" Taylor replied with a snap-to and a salute.
"Wait!" Bennett pleaded, but was virtually ignored as the two men filed out.

*  *  *

"We can't let them do this," Bennett said in a hushed tone to Geller.
The chemist shifted his bulk to allow her through the door first and whispered back, "Yeah. I know-you're right, and I wonder if they'll let us work together in prison afterwards?"
She smiled wryly at her partner. He'd long been an immense asset to her research, and they'd developed a good friendship, even going out for pizza on occasion. The two scientists circled the table and sat down with the international team, a collection of the very best in the world. They'd all been assembled on exceedingly short notice, and they were not just national stars; this group was an extraordinary mixture of international phenoms.
The Nobel Prize laureate in astrophysics sat at the head of the table, sipping a hot chocolate as he commented about how he was too old to bounce back from jet lag. He was joined by the world's most elite in mathematics, biochemistry, molecular biology, and engineering, to name a few. Even a first class astronomer, entomologist, and zoologist rounded out the group. None of them had slept a wink since arriving, and none of them wanted to.
Bennett herself was a biophysicist with strong minors in meteorology and thermodynamics. She cleared her throat as she addressed the group and cut straight to business. "If they bomb this vessel, there is no predicting what will happen." She paced as she spoke, a habit of hers when she was distressed.
"Actually, we have every reason to estimate what would happen." All eyes turned to Nikkolas Rostov, the current Nobel Prize winner in physics. He took another draw from his chocolate and licked his lips, wiping it from his mustache with a paper napkin before muttering, "Excellent?Why can I not get such good chocolate in Russia?" Then, as if almost an afterthought, he directed his attention back to the group. "Realistically, we could have an explosion unlike any we've ever seen before. This could be even worse than Tsar Bomba. We might not even be able to categorize it," he explained rather too calmly.
His English was impeccable, his accent barely noticeable, and he leaned back in his chair, looking out from beneath a thick thatch of eyebrows as he addressed the group. This gathered the attention of everyone present.
What he described, Tsara Bomba, was the equivalent to one thousand, four hundred times the combined power of the bombs that destroyed both Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Mankind had been appallingly dumbstruck by the Tsara Bomba, and a bomb of that size and horrid power was never produced or tested since.
What Rostov now warned of, all of them knew, was a serious and horrible possibility. Each scientist appeared to struggle with the inner contemplation of what Rostov just disclosed.
"What we already know of the vessel is that its composition is unknown to us?" he continued, "Its structure is unstable in our environment, and that they either lack, or choose not to employ, weapons of extreme aggression."
"They?" the zoologist asked.
Rostov nodded. "Yes; it is my calculation that the vessel is not unmanned?or unaliened as the case may be."
"He's right," Bennett hastily agreed. "If the vessel were simply, say, a drone or something, it would have initiated countermeasure at the first impact of the cutting torches. It didn't?it only took retaliatory action after we'd been cutting for a while." She allowed her eyes to drift around the room, in turn to each one present. "It waited, thought about it, and then defended itself. That's a human response." Bennett caught herself after she'd said it. "I mean?so to speak."
"So, how do we stop them?" one of the scientists, a younger mathematician, blurted. He wasn't speaking about the aliens; he meant the military. "All of us together don't have the authority of one asshole general."
"Hold up," she replied, "I mean, we don't want to make them the enemy. That just hurts our best efforts."
"We are here as ancillary personnel," the young, brilliant mathematician offered again. "We've assembled, inarguably, some of the most impressive gray matter in the world. But when it comes down to the wire, let's face it?the ones with the biggest kahunas are gonna win out on this, and it isn't going to be any of us."
"It's natural selection," a geneticist added, almost comically.
Bennett shook her head. "No! That's not acceptable! We aren't going to just sit here and let a bunch of four star idiots destroy our first?our?" She whirled on them. "This isn't just a leap in science, ladies and gentlemen. It's is a leap in humanity! And not just that-in everything we know and believe about God and the universe!"
"This will challenge every belief system humankind has," Rostov softly warned her.
"Or strengthen them-maybe even unite them," she countered. "I won't let them destroy this." She shook her head again and took a deep breath. "Who's with me?"
Silence greeted her for a few long seconds, but then the mathematician's hand went gingerly up, followed by another, and another, until eventually everyone in the room had raised their hand.
"Then we're in this together," she smiled widely at everyone in the room.
Half an hour later, the entire team was at the door of the military briefing room.
"You'll have to come back." The single security guard stood at attention, wide-eyed and holding a rifle across the front of his chest. He was a stalwart fellow but evidently unprepared for the rush of white lab coats. "I'm sorry, but this is a closed meeting. They're busy. You'll have to?come back."
"Move it." Bennett grasped the rifle by the barrel, attempting to reach for the door.
The guard held his ground, unmoving. "No, you don't, ma'am. I can't let you do that."
"So, are you going to start shooting? 'Cuz you're gonna need to." Bennett pulled the muzzle of the gun toward her own chest, glanced over her shoulder at the group of waiting scientists, and nodded at the door.
"Wait!" the guard protested, trying to divert the muzzle of the gun away from her.
Her actions appeared to unnerve him terribly, and his frustration was only compounded by the fact that he was immediately swarmed by an extremely determined group of scientists. He protested in vain but was ultimately unwilling to take offensive action against even one of them. In the end, he was mobbed like a cookie on an anthill and did absolutely nothing about it.
"Sir, we need to speak with you," Bennett announced as she was swept into the conference room in a tide of her peers. On the overhead flatscreen was the sparkling image of the president of the United States-a live feed. She'd directed her comment specifically to him.
"Who is this?" The president's eyebrows rose in genuine surprise.
"This is our?science team," the general explained, red faced and fuming. His eyes targeted the speechless guard standing in the doorway. "Get her out of here!" he barked, but it was too late as the entire team had already pushed into the conference room behind her. The lot of them were going nowhere.
"Sir," Bennett's voice rose above the commotion as she continued to address the president, "Mr. President, if you bomb that ship it could blow up this entire compound, could even destroy Hutchinson, and possibly the entire county. We just don't know, but it could be a domestic disaster incomparable to even nine eleven."
She said it quickly enough to garner the attention of everyone present. Everyone was stunned to silence with her outburst.
"You don't know that!" Taylor angrily protested.
"And you don't know that it won't," Bennett snapped, directing a cold stare at him. "We do know that the ship is unstable-that it is decomposing at an alarming rate. If we accelerate that decomposition, it may certainly have a self destruct."
"She doesn't know what she's talking about," the colonel objected.
"Yes, she does," Rostov stepped in. "You know it, I know it, and on some level?we all know it." The Nobel laureate addressed everyone present. "You have them on your space shuttles-you've even put them into your land mines, and I believe in your navy, you call the term "scuttling" to prevent a ship from being seized."
The young mathematician jumped in, "It stands to reason that a vessel capable of destroying the Drake equation to hell and back will pack a punch, if and when it decides to terminate."
Stunned silence greeted the room again as all present considered this additional information.
"Is this true?" the president asked urgently from the flatscreen.
The general pressed his index finger between his eyes and stared thoughtfully at the floor for a moment before answering, "Yes-technically, I suppose there is a possibility."
"Why have I not heard about this? Are you not collaborating with your team, General? You were willing to risk blowing Kansas clean out of the union?" The president was visibly annoyed and rose from his seat. "I want that?whatever it is, secured! I will not have a domestic disaster on our hands." He was pointing at Jacobs. "Get control of this situation, General, and I want debriefing in?" He looked at his watch. "Two hours. Are we clear on this?"
"Yes, sir," was the general's flat response.
"Good," was all the president said, and the transmission went to official standby, the presidential seal unmoving in the middle of the screen.
The general turned on the tight group of scientists, and they visibly shrunk away from him. "You!" He pointed at Bennett. "You're coming with me."



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
?

"What's going on out there?" David was standing on the foredeck and partially obscuring Blalok's view of the giant forward screen. The visual on it was a continuous circumferential scan of the huge chamber that housed the Star.
"If you would move your fat head, maybe I could tell," Blalok replied dryly.
"Fat head? You think I, compared to you, little mister alien dude, have a fat head?" David fired back, turning around and purposefully teasing his friend.
"It's a figure of speech." Blalok rolled his eyes and swept with his hand, indicating he wanted David to step aside. "Now can you please move?"
"That's funny, you know. 'Fat Head.' We have that saying too!" For just a moment David couldn't resist, and he started doing jumping jacks in place, his arms swinging widely. "Okay boss; I'm moving, but I don't see how it's helping."
"You are seriously stupid. You realize that, don't you?" Blalok pushed back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest.
David decided to ignore this. Had the situation been any less dire, he'd have milked it to boredom, but instead, he stepped aside and refocused his attention to the front screen. "So-anyway, what do you think they're doing? I don't see anyone right now."
The visual of the screen didn't exactly skip to different angles outside the ship; it more or less scanned as though someone were walking the perimeter of it from outside. When it detected movement or change, it automatically zoned in on that angle long enough for the sensors to analyze the data and present it to the computer. For the last half hour, there'd been no one at all walking around the ship.
The sound cannon continued, and from the inside of the vessel, Blalok and David were unaware of the pulse, protected entirely by the thick armor of Vasteen and interior insulations.
"How do we know that the noise gun is still going?" David asked.
"It is not a noise-gun," Blalok countered. "It's an infrasonic emission, and we know it is going because we have not instructed E-I to stop it," he explained in a moderately singsong voice as though he might be talking to a child.
"But what if it breaks?" David was seriously concerned about defensive tactics. He wasn't really trying to annoy Blalok, but the little alien looked frustrated all the same.
"Because?if it had stopped, we would have heard an alarm."
"You're sure of that?"
"Yes-of at least that, I am sure."
David considered this for a bit before he replied, "Okay, next question. Bert and them should be inside the mine by now, and he thinks the bombs will go off in the area of?uhmm, the commissionary?"
"The commissary," Blalok corrected. "It's like a convenience store, sort of, where people can purchase things, like everyday needs. The key is it's right down the hall from the control center, which is right?" He punched a few dials, and the ship's camera focused on a pair of massive metal doors, visible from within the cavern. "?here." Blalok pointed. "That's the control center, and right down that hall from it should be the commissary."
The doors were closed, but beyond them would be the hallway leading to the commissary. Next to the doors was a row of ballistic glass windows, and beyond them personnel could be seen milling around. All of them wore protective headgear.
"Which is where they need to get to," David finished the thought for him.
"Well, yes?in an ideal universe." Blalok spun his chair around so he could face him. "But, David, we need to consider alternative outcomes."
"Like what?" David already knew what Blalok was talking about but refused to outright acknowledge it.
"In an ideal universe? Bert, Alex, Isara and Sartek will make it to the control center. In an even more incredible universe, they will be able to release the controls on the Star, Isara and Sartek will be reunited with the ship, and we will escape. And, you guys won't be caught or will be held for a short while and then released to your home." 
Blalok seemed to have a hard time maintaining eye contact now. "However, there is no such thing as a perfect universe, David. That is why things like black plasma and galactic tsunamis exist." He paused. "What if they don't make it? What if Bert cannot make it to the control center, and what if they are all caught? What if, eventually, these men breach the Star?" He swung his arm toward the screen.
"Look?I like an 'against all odds' story probably better than most, but I'm not gonna pretend that we've got the master plan here. I know the chances of us all pulling this off are pretty low. So if push comes to shove and it starts to fall apart, I need you to trust me. You think you can do that?"
Blalok just stared at him.
"Think about it. I get it that you guys have some history. That 'mother of all wars' was a big part of you thinking the way you do now, all Vulcan and stuff. But I'm not Bettuan, Blalok. I know how things go here on Earth. I'm not asking you to sit in the dark; I wouldn't do that to you. What I'm saying is that if things get screwy-and they most likely will-that you just trust what I know about human nature."
"Are you saying I should believe you have the human wisdom of ages?"
Leaning in as he spoke, David put his hand on Blalok's knee. "Nope. I'm saying I have the experience of being shit on, and I know how these bastards will react?it's a given." The alien leaned back farther in his chair, his eyes widening. "What they don't know is that you have a human on board. That's the secret key, the secret weapon, and it's gonna get your ship outa' here, even if the plan doesn't go like we think."
"How do you know they don't know you are here?"
"I just do."
"I need specifics."
"What's today?" David asked.
"Your Earth date? August four, two thousand twelve-friendship day if I am correct, which I almost always am."
David shot him a wry look. "Look up social Kansas Children and Family Services, Foster care division."
"Yes? So?"
"Reports gotta be filed every three months by The Home, so they can get their money. The deadline is the fourth day of the month. That report has to go in today for Roxy to get their money for us. On that report, they have to say that we're safe and present. So as of today, no one's the wiser that Bert, Alex, and me are missing. I mean, The Home knows, but they're not gonna say so and risk not getting their wad."
Blalok seemed to consider this. "So then, you are my double agent?"
"Yep, I'm your mole, and that's our ace in the hole. So if Bert and them get caught, we're gonna shift to plan B."
"And what is plan B?" Blalok's eyes widened even more.
"Plan B?is you beam me down," David answered with a smile.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
?

Liberty and Alex were both still feeling the effects of using their new abilities.
"I don't know if I can do that again. I'm feeling like I need to toss my waffles, and my legs don't feel right under me," Alex confessed.
Liberty didn't share that he was also shaky. In truth, he couldn't be certain that it wasn't a low blood sugar, so he pulled from his pocket a handful of mini Tootsie Rolls and passed them around, tossing two into his own mouth, just in case. 
It'd already been determined the evening before that chocolate was a big hit. Alex called it the nectar of the Gods, and when Sartek pointed out that nectars were liquid and chocolate wasn't, she'd told him that he reminded her of a toothache she once had. Sartek was speechless at that. Isara and Alex giggled and rolled with laughter at the look on his face, clutching their second, half eaten candy bars.
Although Liberty secretly bemoaned the fact that they'd lost the notebook, there was no other way through the door without bringing attention to themselves so he tried not to think about it. Chances were the long range extender wouldn't work this far underground anyway, and besides?Liberty had a photographic memory, which meant that he possessed a perfect mental image of the maps and where they needed to go. They would be fine. That's what he told himself.
Then, why, he wondered to himself, had his hands started to shake?
"Are we going to be able to find our way now that we no longer have the ipad?" Sartek asked as though he'd read his mind.
"It's okay. I got the maps all here." He tapped his forehead with his finger. "By the time we might need the ipad again, we're not gonna have time to sit down and fool with it anyway."
"But I think we know how awesome you thought that thing was," Isara noted.
"Yeah-it was, but like you say, it's just a thing. I'll get another one someday, or maybe something even better."
Finally feeling like they could travel, the four got to their feet. They wandered for a bit, following Liberty. This way and that they snaked, deeper into the belly of the mine. On several occasions, he made them turn back and reroute themselves, but eventually they neared the margin of where he thought they needed to be to deploy the first of the bombs.
"Here-this is the spot. We'll set the first one here."
"Is this under the commissary?" Isara asked, her pale skin and sparkling eyes ghostly in the low light of the candles.
The good news was the wicks flickered, indicating that there was significant enough airflow this deep underground even though the shaft had been barricaded off years ago.
"No, we're about a city block west of it," Liberty said.
"I don't understand; then why are we blowing one here?" Sartek asked.
"We drag attention here." He pointed up. "And then, when we're sure we have it, we blow the second one under the commissary." Liberty had to lick his lips to finish. His throat was really dry, and he got a sickening feeling in his belly when he thought about detonating the first of the explosives. It was the same feeling he'd gotten earlier that day, when he'd assembled the bombs. Like earlier, he admired the knowledge but had a fundamental aversion to what he'd created. Bombs were, in his mind, just wrong.
"How many do we set?" Sartek asked as he fished through his backpack to remove the first of two pipes.
"Two," Liberty said.
"Why two?" Alex wondered out loud.
"Because, we want to seriously get their attention. Then, we blow three more, farther down, to get in."
"Just how seriously will we get their attention?"
"Four point one eight four times ten to the sixth joules?times two."
"Uhmm?" Sartek began.
Liberty smiled at his uncertainty. "Don't worry. We'll create plenty of havoc. We're gonna blow a crater in the roof of this chamber, mostly because we're gonna set it correctly."
"What if we hurt someone?" Isara asked.
He'd been unwilling to entertain this thought openly and had hoped they wouldn't even ask. Shrugging, he explained, "There's no sure way of saying we won't. But, if I'm correct, this spot is directly under a service hall, and a dead end one at that. There's not likely to be much traffic there. That's why I picked it."
"But we can't be sure."
"It's the best we can do, I'm afraid. We don't have much choice. Not going in just isn't an option, when you look at the big picture." He then indicated to Alex that he needed her backpack as well. She knelt, pulling it from her shoulders, laying it gently on the ground in front on him.
Fetching from it the hammer and chisel they'd gotten from the hardware store, he gazed overhead, squinting as he calculated just the right spot. "Somewhere just about?" he murmured more to himself than to them.
Peering up at the dark and grainy salt wall, he scanned the micro-fissures, slope, and color. When he couldn't determine just the right spot, he wandered a bit to a bend in the wall. Alex fidgeted, but he ignored her. Liberty was meticulous in his calculations and took his time, running his hands along the wall to make sure he had just the right spot. When he was finally satisfied, he spun about back toward his friends and paced fourteen long steps before stopping and turning to face the wall.
Nobody said anything the whole time he was mapping out his bombing strategy.
Placing both hands flat upon the gritty salt surface, he closed his eyes and rested his forehead against it for a bit. Then he pressed his ear to the surface and plugged his other ear with his pinky finger.
"What are you-" Sartek started to ask but was hushed by both the girls simultaneously.
"He's trying to listen!" Alex cut him short, "And your yackin' isn't making it any-"
"Like you're doing right now?" Sartek countered, glaring at her.
She narrowed her eyes and jutted her jaw at him in a mock threat.
After what must have seemed like an eternity to the other three, Liberty pulled his ear from the wall. He then picked the chisel and hammer up from where he'd laid it at his feet. Truthfully, he'd never used a hammer and chisel before, and he positioned the safety goggles he'd left dangling around his neck when they left the house up and over his glasses.
Isara went back down the tunnel about fifty yards to keep an eye out for any incoming traffic that might disturb them. Once she was in place, he reached as high as he could up the wall and positioned then chisel. Then, Liberty swung the hammer for the first time. He missed the chisel altogether and narrowly missed his hand.
"Must be a little more nervous than I thought," he laughed nervously and went to raise the chisel again.
Sartek wordlessly reached over Liberty's shoulder and gently took the hammer out of his hands. He held out his other hand, gesturing for the chisel as well.
Liberty yanked the goggles off first and handed them to Sartek, happy to give over the job. "We need a hole, hardly bigger than the two pipes together, and just as deep. It needs to be accurate."
Sartek nodded, pulling the goggles down, settling the elastic above his ears and around the thick, dark ropes of sleek hair. Pulling on the band, it snugged his hair tighter against his head, accentuating the serrated ridge that crested the male Bettuan's head. "Right, captain." He winked at Liberty from behind the goggles and turned to face the wall.
Liberty stepped back a few paces and watched as Sartek lifted the chisel to a spot on the rough salt surface of the wall, about a foot and a half above where he'd tried to chisel. "This okay?" he asked and Liberty nodded. The alien gently twisted the chisel until he seemed satisfied with the placement then swung the hammer very hard.
Thinking he'd used way too much force, Liberty winced, involuntarily scrunching his eyes closed, and only heard the sharp noise as the hammer connected solidly with the chisel.
Salt fragments sprayed in a fan away from the mark and showered the others. They stepped back another few yards.
Sartek's tall, strong body arced as he swung the hammer again. He was getting into the rhythm of it now, and his shoulder came back as he set up and followed through with each swing, his head dipping with each pull. He did it without fear, with accuracy and confidence. The chisel obeyed, sinking its edge deeper and deeper into the salt wall.
He's like David, Liberty thought to himself. David could do that. The random thought made him miss his friend very much, and it bolstered his disposition to think that he might see him again soon, regardless of the circumstances.
Between swings, Sartek twisted the chisel so that it pulled salt out each time he extracted it and replaced it for another blow. Before long, there was a rough cylinder cut from the wall, twice as wide as it was tall, just right for the two pipes to fit into. Then, according to Liberty's direction, he chiseled out a small shelf, about a foot below the pipe hole and the size of a hand held walkie-talkie.
"You're really cool," Liberty said with all sincerity as he lifted the first of the pipes to Sartek.
Sartek just shrugged and took the pipe from Liberty. He then slid it into the hole, twisting it gently when it hung up on salt fragments. Holding that pipe in place with one hand, he fit the second pipe next to it, tapping the end cap of it firmly with his palm to snug it into place next to its twin. In a remarkably short amount of time, both pipes were snugged into the hole, about two inches sub-flush with the surface of the wall.
Now Sartek kneeled on one knee so Liberty could stand on the other.
Alex stabilized him by holding either side of his belt loops. "This will be the one and only time I allow your skinny butt to be in my face," she joked gently.
Liberty smiled but said nothing. He steadied himself then tucked the receiver onto the shelf that Sartek had chiseled out. Gently threading the receiver wire and alligator clips up to the pipes, he carefully wrapped both of the fuses in candy cane style around the nichrome wire, being very cautious not to break the fragile filament.
Finally, when it was completely assembled and to his satisfaction, he stabilized the small receiver and flipped the on toggle so that it was engaged. Once everything was strategically in place, he slapped Alex gently on the shoulder, indicating he was ready to get down.
"It's live, folks. Let's be careful." Liberty set the transmitter aside, laying it gently on his own backpack so that no one could accidentally flip the controller on and inadvertently hit the send button. "That would be bad," he cautioned.
"So how far do we want to be from this?" Isara asked, walking urgently back toward her friends.
"A hundred twenty-feet is the max for this transmitter, but we're gonna detonate it at around eighty-'cuz of the density and bends in the walls," he explained, peering farther down the hall. Looking briefly over their work one more time, Liberty headed down the tunnel. "C'mon guys. Time to set the next one."
It was slow going. He'd already measured his stride and was careful to count them out as he walked. In addition, he had to hold the candle just right so that he could read his compass. Pausing for brief intervals, he made quick calculations in his head.
They were about three hundred feet along when he stopped again, passing a half dozen long bends.
"Are you sure, Bert?" Alex wondered aloud, "I mean, it's so dark in here; I can't find my butt with both hands. It seems like we've gone too far."
"Yep, we're good," he replied. "Just have to count steps and adjust for the bends-use the triangular hypotenuse."
"Huh?"
"You know, Pythagorus and his theorem." Presuming that would explain everything, he went back to work. Like before, he walked to the wall, paced himself backward in long and calculating strides, and listened with one ear to the face of the surface-for even longer this time.
"Hurry up, Bert, I'm getting the heebie jeebies. It's showtime," Alex worried out loud, looking forward and then backward, down the tunnels.
"I don't know what that is, but if it means nervous beyond all reasonable comfort, that's me too," Isara added.
"Yeah-My belly doesn't feel altogether right either," Sartek mumbled his agreement.
"It's gotta be exact, guys," Liberty warned. "We have one chance with this. We need to bust through without bringing everything down on us." He ran his gaze along the roof of the mine shaft, measuring the moments in his head.
"Yeah, let's not do that." Alex remarked sarcastically, "I like living."
"Here," Liberty pointed to a spot up on the wall, giving him the go ahead.
Sartek still had the tools in his hand and chiseled out the wall again, a hole just big enough to hold three of the pipes this time. The space wound up being farther up, as far as Sartek could comfortably reach and yet swing the hammer. When it finally appeared that he had it prepared to specs, he reached for the pipes, one by one, and just as before, slid them into the sleeve until they were seated deeply with the cap ends exposed. This time, however, instead of kneeling, he boosted Liberty up onto his shoulders so he could set the receiver and make the connection to the explosives.
When Liberty crawled down, he wiped his hands on his pockets and said, "That's it, guys. First stage of Phoenix is armed and ready. Now let's go over this again before we get started."
They all crowded into a circle and leaned in as Liberty went over the plan one last time. The others were to go deeper into the mine, beyond where they'd set the second explosion, while he would backtrack, close enough so that his remote would reach the first receiver.
They'd argued with him that this was too risky, that they should stay together, but he'd held firm in the end. If a cave-in occurred with the decoy explosion, the majority of the group should be beyond the second explosive and capable of setting off that most critical detonation.
"I can't see us splitting up and leaving you behind!" Alex insisted. "It makes no sense. What if we get in there and don't know what to do?"
"She's right," Sartek agreed. "If there is a cave-in, you should be on this side to make sure the rest of the plan goes like it should. You're the?well, smartest one."
"Nuh-uh," Liberty countered. "You and Isara have to make it in, no matter what. That's priority. The best odds of that are if the two of you are together. Besides, if push comes to shove, you're way stronger and faster than me-all of you." He shrugged and held up the first receiver. "Besides, I can hardly wait to see what one of these does. I really deserve to be the first one to do it." His mock chivalry was charming, but his eyes were enormous with fear and anticipation.
Alex hugged him, long and hard.
Then they all double checked their fake Disney watches again.
"Hey-how come they didn't blow up when Alex busted through the door," Sartek wondered out loud.
She smiled, "I dunno. It's weird, like I'm starting to grab what energy I want from something in particular, or something. It's hard to explain, like if you listen real hard to just one thing? You can drown other stuff out?"
This fascinated Liberty, but he knew they were running out of time. "Okay; I detonate the Alpha bomb first, got it? At four oh' five-whether or not I get back here-you fire Omega. Okay?" Liberty checked and checked again. "If I don't make it back, you flip the toggle." He looked at Sartek as though giving him this most critical job. "That means it's live. It'll glow green-red button means 'kaboom.' Don't flip the toggle till about five seconds before you want to detonate, just in case."
When it seemed like they all had a good understanding of the strategy, he added, "And no deviation from it. You stick to the plan, got it?"
They ultimately agreed, were able to recite it back to him two times straight, and so he prepared to backtrack to a spot roughly eighty feet from where the first explosion was set.
"Wait, Bert?just wait a sec," Alex said softly. Pulling from her bib overall pocket her fishing string, she took his right hand.
"Alex, that's your lucky line," Liberty protested.
"Shut up," she ordered. Tying around his middle finger a triple loop of string before finishing the ring with a cool double fisherman's knot, she cut the extra off with her pocket knife.
Liberty examined it closely in the dim light. "Thanks. I?"
"It's so you come back. Like you said, it's lucky. No fish I ever wrangled with it got loose, till I wanted them to." Alex looked at her feet. "I don't want you to. I?" She was too overcome to continue.
He wrapped his arms hastily around her and hugged her tight. "I'll come back. Don't you worry about that. We're together, forever, 'kay?" He glanced over her shoulder to the aliens, standing only a few feet away, faith and sincerity beaming from their faces as they watched the sweet interchange between their human friends. It was difficult for Liberty to breach the subject, but he felt that once they'd detonated the first of the bombs, he might not have the chance. "If we get separated, and it all goes down in flames?we get away, any way we can. Then, no matter what, even if it takes forever, I'll find you. All of you, somehow-I will."
"Where?" Isara asked.
He looked over her shoulder to the blackness of the mine beyond. "I don't know. But if the time comes, we'll know it."
"I agree." Sartek was very somber. "Family. We don't give up on family."
This struck Liberty deeply, in a profound way. He'd known Alex and David for?not quite four years? And Sartek and Isara not even three days? But there was no denying the bond they already held with each other.
Alex could only nod. Finally Liberty hugged her again, then hugged Isara and Sartek in turn and headed back. The remaining three watched as the small boy, shouldering a deadly backpack, disappeared back into the blackness of the mine. The last thing they could see was his hair.

*  *  *

By the time he was positioned correctly, it was just a few minutes before four o'clock. The ideal plan was for Liberty to blow the bomb right at four. Then, he would sprint as fast as he could, back to his friends and blow the second bomb when just enough time had passed to create the diversion. He'd calculated the time meticulously-studied historical events of massive evacuations. Within three minutes, there should be a considerable crowd gathered at the site of the first explosion. Within four, strategic personnel would also have made it to the area. It was their best first strike.
Liberty dug a small volcano in the dirt and nestled the candle in it so that it stood of its own accord. It was unnerving to be alone in the darkened mine.
Kneeling, his legs tucked under himself, he pressed the button on the side of his wristwatch that would light it up for about five seconds. Pushing his glasses up, he peered closely as the second hand swept past Goofy's snout. It was oddly comforting to touch it, knowing Alex had picked it for him.
He groaned-his belly wasn't yet right. He was suddenly so nervous he doubted he could even stand. Fishing one more Tootsie Roll from his pocket, he tossed it into his mouth, just in case.
Finally, at around thirty-seconds before four o'clock, Liberty fumbled with the on toggle of the transmitter. The small round light on the front of it lit up, glowing a bright green, indicating that it was powered on. The Tootsie Roll had, by that time, become a thick glob in the back of his throat and was going nowhere fast. He turned and spat it onto the ground before looking again at the transmitter, the green light glowing invitingly.
"Okay, Liberty, here we go," he murmured to himself, closed his eyes, and pushed the button.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
?

"Get Ready," Blalok urged, leaning in more closely to his console as though it would help him to analyze the readouts better. "I know we've been out of contact for nearly four hours, but if things go as planned-any minute now-Liberty should detonate the first stage."
"We don't call him Liberty?we only call him Bert. It's short for Liberty, but that's his name, okay? Bert."
"Very good." Blalok seemed to consider this before saying, "Bert is very?courageous, wouldn't you say?"
"Uhmm?" David hesitated, thinking carefully before replying. Dropping his eyes, he remembered how they'd tied a rope onto the overhead branch that hung alongside the lake-the same lake that they'd been fishing from three days before.

*  *  *

On one side of the lake, the bank rose up in a small cliff cutaway, and a big tree grew smack on top of it. It was the biggest tree around, perhaps even the biggest one in all of Erie, and probably because of its endless water supply, Liberty thought.
One of its branches snaked sideways along the shore, perfect for tying a swing rope to. Below the embankment the water was deep, and it proved to be a perfect spot for swinging out and letting go of the rope, Tarzan style.
Alex shimmied up the tree; she was always the best climber and had absolutely no fear of heights. She tied a good bowling knot so that the rope wouldn't gradually tighten as the branch grew, hurting it-at least that's how she'd explained it. Then instead of crawling back down the tree, she simply leapt out and off the branch into the lake, howling as she fell a good twenty-five feet into the water below.
Her actions freaked Liberty out completely, and he was genuinely upset with her, counting off on one hand with his fingers the ways she could have been "hurt or killed."
She thumbed her nose at him and called him a scaredy-cat.
David now recalled another occasion when a bat had flown into the attic. It was a hot summer night, and the little brown bat came right through an open window. He and Alex chased it around for a couple minutes before they were finally able to herd it out the window. He was swinging a jacket at it, and Alex had a broom. Liberty was under the bed with Goo, terrified the bat might bite him or his dog.
Finally, David remembered that afternoon when Alex had taken the remains of a birthday cake. It wasn't their cake-it was Hog's, Roxy's boyfriend. He and Roxy brought it home from the bar they frequented almost every evening. The bartender made it for Hog, and it was shaped like a motorcycle-kind of. In icing, it had a girl with big titties, straddling the bike, and it said, "Happy Birthday Hog! Ride Hard!" across the top of it. Only it'd been eaten down enough that now it just said, "Hap-Hog," with only the fender, handlebars, a half rack of titties, and part of the front tire left.
Alex stole the cake right out of the fridge, even though they'd all been warned to "keep your mitts off it." She took it out back with what was left of a gallon of milk. Then she'd shared it with Charlie, Julian, and Sage-the three little ones. It was Sage's birthday too-she was five. Alex divvied the remains up for the three youngest kids at The Home, and they'd scarfed it down and passed around the milk jug until they were all blissfully sick and chock full of cake.
When Roxy and Hog found out, it was a royal disaster, but before anyone could begin to deny anything, Liberty stepped forward. "I took it," he said flatly. "My blood sugar was low."
Hog was furious. He threw his beer-can against the wall and lifted his hand high. It hung in the air for a terrible, long moment, and Alex screamed for him to "Stop!" He didn't hit Bert, only stomped out the back door.
"You would've thought Bert wrecked his lame-ass motorcycle or something!" Alex shouted, which didn't serve to help the situation.
"Now see what you've done? You've gone and upset him!" Roxy narrowed her beady pig eyes on all the kids. "Get out! All of you!"
The children scattered for the doors like roaches with the lights flipped on, but she zoned in on Liberty. "Not you, you little?freak! You're getting what for."
Roxy used the belt on Liberty, and when he crawled out the attic window some time later to sit by himself on the shanty roof, they'd called to him from below, from behind the corn crib.
"It's okay, guys," he called back. "I'm all right." He waved cheerily at them before hobbling back through the window.
David had really sharp eyesight-twenty-ten he'd been told once by the school nurse. "You could be a jet plane pilot, easy," she'd cheerily informed him.
Even from the distance to the corn bin, he could see how red Liberty's eyes were, and the marks on his legs were dreadfully obvious as he shimmied back through the window. It was that night that David first decided that he could truly hate someone. It was also the first time he'd thought of Liberty as truly brave.

*  *  *

"Uhmm," David pulled himself back to the present and answered Blalok's question, clearing his throat, "Yeah." He looked away to hide what he was feeling just now. "He's pretty much the bravest kid you'll ever meet."
"You are fortunate to have him as your friend," the Bettuan murmured as though he could sense the subject was sensitive.
They sat together, waiting, their attention riveted to the monitors and the forward screen. There really wasn't anything that should acutely happen within the cavern when the first of the two blasts went off. That is how E-I had explained it to them. The Star would simply pick up a shockwave on its sensors; however, the second explosion should garner much more attention as it would be much closer.
Blalok pronounced them on "standby" and instructed E-I to notify them of anything significant. Now it was nearly four o'clock.
The doors to the hangar bay suddenly reopened, and even though the sonic pulse continued from the Star, men filtered back in wearing flack suits and headgear to insulate them from the impact of the sound cannon.
"Let's up the pulse," David suggested.
"Negative. If we increase it enough to breach their protective gear, they would be at risk for mortal damage as well."
"You care about those guys?" David was incredulous. "Blalok, listen, those guys wanna catch you. Do you get it?" He wasn't angry. In fact, he was more concerned and sincere than he'd ever been with the little alien. "They will take this ship and tear it apart, bit by bit. Anything they find out about it will be used for?for very bad things! Like weapons?and to hurt people that are weaker than them."
Blalok looked away, evidently still uncertain.
David slammed his hand down on the counter. "Hey! Look at me! I'm not playing around! Those guys will probe and dissect you into little bitty pieces,homeboy?and Isara and Sartek too. Is that what you want? You want that for your best friends?" His intent was to rattle the Bettuan into a different mindset. His fear was genuine.
The outburst startled the alien quite a bit. "How do you know these things?" Blalok was aghast. "And how can they be so horrible when you and your friends are so-are?" His question trailed off.
David could see the confusion on his face. "Blalok, look, there are tons of humans out there who are kind, and good, and-well-Liberty and Alex are two of the best you could ever want to know. But those kinds aren't these guys." He hiked his finger toward the screen. "These guys are the muscle, and they have orders. Those orders come from some serious assholes. You get that? They'll do as they're told, and that means conquer and interrogate you and this ship. You will never get the Star out of here; you, Isara, and Sartek will never make it back to your home if you don't listen to me!"
Blalok studied him closely, his eyes believing, but they showed such an expression of pain. "And is there not another way other than hurting them?" He gestured toward the humans who were busy setting up the giant water knife again.
"I'm not asking you to hurt them, intentionally. I'm asking you to defend yourself. And if you can't?please let me. I understand where you're coming from. We got a dude called the 'Dolly Llama' that's so much like you. I really admire him; I really do. He'd never scratch a fly, but he doesn't have to, and neither do you. I can do this for you."
The Bettuan seemed to consider this. "You are very much like Sartek, you know."
"Well, I will take that as a compliment, and I would love to meet Sartek again sometime, but that's not gonna happen if the Star is lying in a scrap heap and you're strapped to a lab table, now is it?"
The alien shook his head.
"Blalok, send me down."
The alien finally caved and summoned a shift-suit. Seconds later, David was suited up. The shift suit would make the matter transfer more agreeable, but just before he had a chance to shift, an alarm sounded on the console, and E-I spoke from overhead. "The first detonation has been discharged. It has breached the base."
"What? What is it?" David demanded, "What does that mean?" He stepped closer to the front screen as though he might see something more.
Outside of the Star, men who'd been surrounding the ship sprinted away, leaving the cavern and the bay doors slammed tightly shut so that the ship was once more alone. Behind the thick glass windows, soldiers and scientists could be seen frantically running about as confusion and panic set in.
"It's the first bomb," Blalok explained as data filtered in. "Bert has detonated it, and he blew a hole clean into Hutchinson air base." He looked up, an expression of fear and exhilaration on his face. "It's begun."



CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
?

"What the hell was that?" General Jacobs grabbed the edge of his desk as a pencil holder rattled and tipped over, scattering pencils to the floor. He reflexively grabbed at a couple as they fell then just threw the few he'd caught to the floor.
Lieutenant Taylor stared dumbly at him, eyes wide. Then both shot out of their chairs and out the door. A security specialist met them in the hall. "There's been an explosion sir, below level two. Initial assessment is a mishap from the salt mine."
"I thought that mine wasn't active anymore?"
"The word I have is that it's quite active, sir-but just not under the base. That section's been shut down a long time. Got too close to a breakthrough, they say, and the veins were running thin, so they closed that section completely." He shrugged. "Looks like someone didn't get the memo. But we'll have it secured directly."
"I want to see this hole," the general commanded and was led to the Eastern wing and shown the small fissure in the flooring. The industrial grade linoleum had burst up and outward as though someone popped a grape. Beneath it, the concrete was shattered into enormous chunks, pieces of rebar snaking through them like industrial pick up sticks. In the middle of the rubble was a long, open crack with nothing but blackness beyond, and it was spewing a cool, dusty breeze up into the hallway.
"Get that open," he ordered. "I want men down there!"
Within ten minutes, there was a considerable amount of excitement around the small opening. Several large jackhammers pummeled away at the sub-flooring, loosening concrete and the surrounding rock and salt deposits. A plume of dust drifted up through the draft created by the opening. The hallway fast became thick and hazy under the fluorescent lights.
The director of mining operations was being led by an armed escort to the general's side. He looked thoroughly dismayed and defended his operation's innocence openly. "There's no drilling going on in that vein! We tapped out a good sixteen months ago-not productive enough and too close to-well-you guys for comfort. We don't even have any men down there!"
"And is it closed off?" the general asked.
"Well, I mean, it's barricaded. It'd take a pretty damn good team to bust through the door, but no, we haven't blasted there for nearly two years. This mine brings out close to four hundred fifty tons of salt a year. That's about five hundred tons a day, on average. We got no use headin' down the jigsaw. It's a dead shaft and too risky."
"Jigsaw?" the Lieutenant asked.
"That's that leg of the mine. It loops down then seesaws back on itself, like a jigsaw."
By then, the excavation crew had opened a hole big enough for a man to get down and through, and the general gave the go ahead. Several special tactics officers, outfitted with rappelling gear, head lamps, and weapons, shimmied down the hole and disappeared into the dusty darkness beyond.
The general was on standby to follow when he got the confirmation that the area was secure. Then, down the hole he went.

* * *

The concussion from the explosion hit Liberty full in the face, even from eighty feet away. The blast was significantly more powerful than he'd gauged it would be. Enclosed in the tunnel, the kickback force channeled down the tunnel both directions and directly at Liberty. What thumped him was more like an air blast. There wasn't any immediate debris-yet-but it was enough to unbalance him and send him tripping backward onto his butt. He would have been all right, but before he could assemble his wits enough to move, the dust wave hit him.
There were strong air currents down in the mine, ventilation shafts that assured good circulation for the miners. This, along with the blast wave and the new conduit to the base, provided a sweeping gale of wind. A strong current of air carried the dirt and salt dust across Liberty like a wave. Because it was so dark, he couldn't see the billowing gale as it swept over him. He was breathing in just as it hit.
After his first choking gasp, he yanked his T-shirt down past his elbow, sheltering his nose and mouth in the crook of his arm as he tried to breathe through the fabric. Pushing himself up, he started to trip his way back toward his friends. 
He was forced to stop after only about twenty-feet. His breathing was getting rapidly worse. Increasingly unable to catch his breath, he was wheezing loud enough that it echoed down the mineshaft. The blast had easily blown out the candle. With pitch blackness all around, he fished around in his pocket for the cigarette lighter. Just when he thought he'd lost it, his fingers wrapped around the smooth, plastic barrel, and he pulled it out, clicked it to life, and looked about in dismay. The salt particles in the air around him funneled like a snowstorm, and the mica flecks glittered brilliantly.
He swished his hand in front of himself, knowing that it would do no good. The dust swirled in beautiful, dizzying, deadly patterns. Oh God, he thought to himself.
Liberty held the lighter in one hand, his lungs on fire now, and unshouldered the backpack, laying it on the ground. Digging through three pockets before his fingers found it, he pulled out his inhaler and shook it weakly for a few seconds then pulled a shallow draw from it as he dispensed it.
His lungs shut down even more. The rescue inhaler was usually predictably effective, and this time it was just enough to keep him barely breathing as he finally sagged to his knees, his chin to his chest. He tried to raise the inhaler one last time as his lungs tightened even more, but he was just too weak. His hand fell limply to his lap, the inhaler clattering away in the darkness. Liberty's last thought was that he hoped his friends made it home-all of them. He also hoped Goo would forgive him for not coming back and be okay without him.
Then, he was vaguely aware of a soft thump as he lost consciousness and pitched forward into blackness.

* * *

"Where is he?" Alex was beside herself. It was four minutes after four and there was still no sign of Liberty. "He should've been back by now!"
"Maybe he got caught up in a cave-in or something," Sartek said worriedly. "I'm going back after him." He unshouldered his pack so he could run.
"No!" Alex barked, before he could step away.
Isara and Sartek both gawked at her with surprise. "But Alex! It's Bert. We can't just leave him."
"He made me promise," she said, wringing her hands as she did.
"What? He made you promise what?" Sartek stepped closer to her.
"He made me promise in the parking lot that if something happened down here and he couldn't get back to us, that I'd," she hesitated, wanting to quote Liberty accurately, "'Blow the heck outa' that cave and get them into that base!'" She shook her hands, as though she could shake her fears away. "He said everything's timed. We can't mess up the schedule-I promised him I'd follow through. He made me?he said you might not follow the plan." Her words were strong, but her voice quivered, and she was blinking back tears.
"I'm going to find him," Isara said flatly and started back.
Sartek grabbed her by the arm. "Isara, this might be part of the plan-you don't know."
"Bert would've told us-I know he would. Something's wrong, and I'm not leaving him."
"Wait," Alex interjected. "Wait?Bert would kill me for this." She glanced at her wrist-watch. "We're supposed to have one minute and then we gotta blow this." She looked at Isara. "You're right, and I'm gonna' catch all kinds of shit for this, but?go back. You get Bert-if something's happened, you're the best one to help him."
Then, she focused on Sartek. "You and I will blow this and get into the base. We can try to get stuff sorted out once we're inside, you know, get to the ship, find David, and figure out what to do. Then, maybe we can send someone back for a rescue or something."
Neither of them was overly convinced that this was even a workable plan, but no one could come up with anything better, and so it was agreed that leaving Liberty to his own resources just wasn't an option.
"Okay." Sartek glanced at his watch. "Isara, you have ninety seconds to run as fast as you can that way." He nodded back in the direction from which they'd come-back toward Liberty-and then looked at Alex. "And we have ninety to run this way before we need to detonate it." He indicated farther into the mine.
They quickly agreed, and Sartek shouted, "Ready? Go!"
They separated, Isara sprinting back toward Liberty while Alex and Sartek ran deeper into the mine.
One minute later, Isara was backtracked a good ways, well beyond where she might be hurt from the second explosion. She'd yanked the bandana from around her neck and ran as fast as she could just from the faint light of the translation ring.
Sartek pulled the receiver out of his backpack, flipping the toggle on. He and Alex were well beyond where the second explosion would occur by at least a good hundred feet. They both stared at the glowing green light on the receiver. Then, with good instincts, he turned his back to the direction that the blast might come from and knelt onto one knee.
Alex crouched next to him.
Reaching out, he put his arm around her shoulders, pulled her close, and then with his free hand?he pushed the glowing green button.

* * *

A massive concussion rattled the doors on their hinges as glass shattered and fell from the commissary windows. The two sliding doors remained intact but they immediately whooshed shut, and an alarm light flashed red, silently and ominously above them.
There were only two other people in the store; the clerk-a smallish woman in her fifties who wore civilian clothes-and a soldier who'd come in to pick up a belated birthday card for his mother. He was spinning the revolving stand of generic "Cards for all Occasions" around for the second time when it happened.
The ground shook for only a second, like an earthquake gearing up, and a loud boom came from somewhere close by. The soldier dropped into a battle ready stance and looked around, pulling his sidearm out just like he'd been trained to do.
Suddenly, rubble fell downwards, disappearing into a hole about the size of a couch that opened up in the floor, right next to the lady's restroom. A stand of potato chips teetered and disappeared down the hole and was followed, ironically, by a display of pain-relievers.
Somewhere in the dark space below the commissary, a handful of Tylenol PM caplets crunched beneath Sartek's boot as he scurried toward the slide of rubble, holding his breath as he grasped onto boulders of rock and salt, pulling his way up through the hole toward the opening in the commissary floor.
Alex was fast on his heels. The dust was horrendous, and she held her breath until she could bear it no longer. Sucking in a lung full of salty dust air, she coughed violently, stumbled, and snatched at the back of Sartek's jeans just fast enough to save herself from losing her footing altogether. She was immediately surprised to experience how strong the alien was. He bolted up the steep pile of debris, still holding his breath, half dragging her along.
Briefly, this made her think of David, and she wondered if he and Blalok were aware that Phoenix was well under way in grand, "opened up a can of whoop-ass" style. They'd been blind to communication for so long now that it became a matter of timing and following the master plan that Liberty and E-I had devised. Next she worried about Liberty and Isara, and it gave her a pain in her stomach she'd never experienced before.
Before she knew it, they could see fluorescent light through the whirling eddy of sooty air. They were crawling up into the commissary, both covered so liberally with white dust that they could have been a couple of adolescent ghosts, rising from the dead. Alex coughed again and rubbed her eyes, a mistake as the salt dust brought tears streaming in muddy gray rivers down her ashen face. She hadn't yet noticed there was anyone else in the commissary.
"You held your breath for such a long time, when you were dragging me up."
"All Bettuan can do that. It's because we're swimmers."
Sartek's green features were now so caked in salt dust that he was exceedingly zombielike, Alex decided.
Evidently shocked by the blast, the clerk cowered behind the checkout stand, her out of date bouffant barely sticking up as she peeked over the edge of the counter at the chaos within her store. Behind her on the wall, someone had penciled a ridiculous drawing of two space creatures, one holding the decapitated head of a human by the hair. Below it read, "Stop the Aliens! Buy American!"
Alex hadn't noticed the soldier yet but possessed such immediate composure about herself that she was able to point first at the woman and then at the sign. "Take that down," she ordered.
The woman scarcely moved.
"C'mon; I'm not gonna hurt you unless you ignore me. Now just take that stupid sign down," Alex insisted.
Standing only just tall enough to reach the sign, the woman snatched it off the wall and dropped out of view behind the stand.
The soldier just knelt for a moment, his left hand resting on the service counter, his right hand steadying his unholstered gun. He'd seemed too surprised by the explosion to consider any immediate danger and probably assumed there'd been an earthquake. That presumption changed when he saw the two figures rising up from the devastation and the odd exchange between Alex and the store clerk.
"Halt! Who goes there?" The soldier rose slowly from his crouching position, two handing his service pistol as he pointed it at the pair of strange figures standing in front of him.
Sartek began to step in front of Alex, but she strong-armed him, shoving him aside.
Covered with white dust and salt as he was, she hoped it would be difficult, at least for the moment, for the soldier to tell that Sartek was an alien.
Alex was incredibly in her element as she cried, "Don't shoot! We're kids." She appealed with both hands up. "We were on a tour of the salt mine and got separated from mom n' dad." Only half faking a fairly pathetic cough, she added, "There musta' been like an earthquake or something! Lots of bodies down there, and some old people and kids are trapped. It's crazy! You better get down there right away." She gestured toward the hole, hoping the soldier would be that naive.
The man dropped his sidearm for a second then reached for his radio, holding the mike up to his mouth. "I have a situation. There's-"
Before he could finish, overhead lights flickered, and the radio jerked from his hand, wholluping him a good one on the lip as it flew across the room to crash against the only glass pane window still intact in the front wall of the commissary.
"Sorry about that," Alex apologized. "I can't let you do that."
The soldier started to raise the firearm again, but the lights flickered once more. This time, the soldier hadn't time to aim properly when the gun discharged, sending a bullet mere inches above Sartek's head. The gun jerked from the soldiers hands and flew, smashing brilliantly into an overhead fluorescent light. The room darkened somewhat as the pistol fell only inches from Alex's feet, along with a shower of fluorescent tube glass.
"What the hell!" Alex yelled. "I said we're kids! Jesus!"
The soldier turned as though he might leave the commissary.
"Stop!" Alex called, "Or I'll shoot."
The soldier froze, his back to Alex, and slowly lifted his hands in the air. Perhaps he sensed the desperation in her voice, but he was clearly convinced she meant to do good by her threat if need be.
Alex knelt and picked up the pistol. It was cold, and heavier than it seemed like it should be. She thought how quickly things had moved right along. "I'm sorry to mix you up in this-I really am-but I can't let you leave."
"I know you're not kids, I mean, you might be?but those rings," the soldier observed, hands still in the air, nodding over his shoulder toward the translation rings that glimmered, now only poorly covered by the bandanas. "I've seen that before, that metal, or whatever it is. It's on that ship, isn't it? At least what's left of it."
"You've seen the ship?" Alex took an involuntary step toward him.
Sartek said nothing. He could understand the interchange between the guard and Alex, but the guard wouldn't have been able to understand anything he said.
"Yeah, we're cutting into it right now-but now this." The soldier jerked his head in a direction somewhere down the hall. "I'm guessing that other alert has something to do with you two."
"Okay?I didn't exactly lie." Alex shrugged. "We are kids, but you know we're not here on account of a salt mine tour. So let's just pretend you're smart. I'm guessing you probably are, so if you'll please just turn around." She waved the gun in a loose circle.
"You'll never get away with this-" the soldier started to say just as a bullet struck the floor, pretty much right between his feet. "Fuk'n!-"
"Oh, geez! Sorry 'bout that," Alex apologized, one hand out to him. "I've never held one of these before, and you're making me nervous!" It was the truth, and she tilted her head back, peering down her nose at the gun. "Thought that was the safety," she mumbled, now keeping the barrel pointed carefully at the floor. "Heavier than it looks in the movies," she muttered, but her gaze remained pinned on him. "Listen?this can go really good, or it can go really bad. I've seen guys like you-guys that want to do the right thing but get caught up in the game."
"Game?"
"Yeah, like chess. You know, you're the pawn, and the king is somewhere safe, I'm guessing on vacation or something. And guess what that means?"
"I get to die first?" The soldier was indeed a quick study but evidently not convinced yet. "They won't negotiate with you, you know. This isn't a civilian situation." He dropped his hands just a small bit and spread them, appealingly. "You can take me hostage if you want, but I'm disposable-Government Issue as you've already pointed out. They won't-"
"You're right," Alex interrupted him, "and I totally get it, so don't act like I'm stupid. 'Kay?" This time, her voice wasn't nearly as calm as it'd been seconds before. "I'm one of those too, get it? Disposable. Have been for a long time." She laughed when she said it, but there wasn't an ounce of humor in her voice. "So, let's just get down to it and make sure neither of us gets caught in the crossfire, Mister??"
"He's an alien, isn't he?" The soldier indicated Sartek.
"Yep, Einstein," Alex answered, not missing a beat. "He is?and he's a friend of mine. And your name is?"
"Are you one, too?"
"Nope," Alex replied, "and you're seriously testing my patience. I didn't catch your name."
"Prince."
"Mr. Prince?" Alex asked.
"Private Prince. I'm first year."
Alex considered this carefully before she replied. "My brother's army too, you know. Been in over two years."
Sartek shot her a glance as though surprised by this new bit of information.
"That right? Does he know what baby sis is up to?" The soldier seemed to relax a bit, letting his hands drop even a little more.
"Don't do that," she warned and waved with the gun, indicating that he should keep his hands up. "And to answer your question, I doubt it. I haven't seen him since he joined, but I figure he must be alive, since I haven't got the letter or anything." She peered at him with slitted eyes. "You do still get the letter, don't you? You know, if?" Her voice trailed off.
The soldier listened intently but said nothing.
"How'd you get in on all this?" Alex waved the gun overhead and glanced around the commissary as though she might see something astounding. "Seems like a lot of super top secret mumbo jumbo to have a private all involved and stuff. I'm guessing you gotta be pretty special to be part of all this."
"Right place, right time?or wrong, I guess." He nodded at the gun.
Alex thought about this carefully as she stared at the gun in her hands. "I've never held one of these before," she said with all honesty. In truth, her command of the situation, although seeming so fiercely stable on the outside, was very fragile on the inside. Here she was, the girl who rescued turtles from hostile traffic and released catfish, now pointing a gun at another human being. It simply went against everything that she believed about the sanctity of all life, even though humans were not her favorite species by a long shot.
She abruptly flipped the gun around, holding it by the barrel, and held it out to him. "Here. Last thing I want is for you get in trouble 'cuz of us." She indicated Sartek as well.
"Alex, no!" Sartek exclaimed.
The soldier's eyes shot wide in mild surprise. Alex couldn't be sure whether it was from her turning the gun over or from Sartek speaking. She cautioned the private, "But let me warn you. If you pull it on us or even try to follow us, it'll do something you'll wish it hadn't."
She stepped forward and handed the gun to Private Prince. "Stuff seems to get a mind of its own when I get nervous, and I can't really control it. So let's not make me nervous. Deal?" Alex added almost as an afterthought, "And my friend here? He's a kid-like me-and he's lost. Got two friends too, his age. Best friends as a matter of fact. One of them's on that ship, the other's down there somewhere." She swung her arm back toward the gaping hole in the commissary floor.
The soldier seemed unsure of himself; he just stared at the revolver the dusty little girl was giving back to him as though it was a gift. Private Prince reached out and gingerly took the weapon.
As he palmed the pistol, Alex explained further, "Now we've already had our share of bad luck, and the odds are stacked pretty awful against us. You probably already know that even. We could sure use for you not to make things worse."
The private regarded the gun. He flipped on the safety and holstered it. "What's your name?"
"Alex-and this is Sartek."
He seemed to relax a bit, rubbed the back of his neck with one hand, and then ran it through his short hair. "Alex, we have a situation here. You see-"
"Mr. Prince, like I said, I don't have time for this," Alex interrupted him, rubbing two fingers between her eyes.
The gun tugged in its holster seemingly all by itself, and the private glanced at his hip with an expression of rising alarm.
"Now we're gonna walk out that door?" She pointed at the commissary exit. "And the two of you?" She glanced first at him and then toward the store-clerk, cowering, completely hidden somewhere behind the counter. "Are gonna just sit here and wait this out. Have a soda, bag of chips, or something-on the house. Your gift from Uncle Sam for helping us out. Then give us just a little bit of time, say?five minutes."
Alex smiled brilliantly, her face ghost white and with salt tear streaks down her cheeks. Despite all of that, she was practically beaming. "Then you get to live to tell all the little Prince's about the day you met a true, green, bonafide alien dude."
Her smile vanished abruptly. "But if you don't-well?" She put her fingertips to her lips and made a "poof" gesture outwards with her hand. "You wouldn't really wanna' be responsible for blowing up some death-star or anything, now would you?"
Private Prince started to tremble. "Could it?"
"It could," she answered flatly. "I'm just saying. So, we have an understanding?"
Sartek stepped up to her side. Closer and in more direct light, his alien features were much more evident, even dusted as they were with debris and white salt.
The private considered them both very thoroughly and finally looked over at the empty counter. "I think I'll have a soda?fountain orange for me," he said loud enough for the whole room to hear, "Tina, what would you like?"
Alex grinned, took Sartek by the hand, and headed for the door.
"That was amazing!" he whispered as they shuffled from the commissary out into the hall.

* * *

When the special tactics team, guns pulled and ready, turned the corner of the mine, the dust was swirling in snowy circles in their headlamps. The first thing they saw was a small boy, lying very still on his back. His eyes were closed, and apparently he wasn't breathing. His arms were outstretched, and there was a backpack lying close to one hand, a remote receiver of sorts lying next to it. Close to his other limp hand lay an uncapped albuterol inhaler.
Another child, thin and willowy, perhaps a girl, knelt over the boy. She was covered with the same white dust and coughed at intervals. Her hands were around the unconscious child's neck, and her eyes were closed very tightly.
Also around the boys neck, and hers, was a metallic ring. Despite the dusty light of the head-beams, the collars shone brilliantly all of their own accord. They likely resembled very much what the captured spaceship was slowly becoming as its milky shields eroded away.
"Freeze!" the closest officer yelled, which was fairly ridiculous as neither of the children were moving. In seconds, seven men were gathered around, weapons drawn on the two children locked in such a strange embrace.
"Move and we'll shoot!" someone shouted.
"You!" General Jacobs yelled, pushing past the soldiers, his own weapon drawn. He was pointing his M1911 pistol at Isara. "Move away from that boy! Now!"
Isara could understand them but their voices were so very far away, barely tickling the edges of her mind. What's more, they were insignificant-very insignificant. On the other hand, what was important was the other sound, the thump-thump that barely beat within her own head, the heartbeat of another-the boy called Liberty. At first, it was so weak, so fast, and barely there, muffled by the dead quiet that was the absence of any breathing coming from the body of the human child.
When Isara's essence, the very fabric of her being, reached out and touched the fringe of what was the soul of Liberty, the healing trickled into him terribly slow, like lifeblood itself. It was so slow at first that Isara was sure she'd lost him. Subconsciously, she compared it to sprinkling water on a plant that had been neglected for too long and was terribly withered-nearly, but not quite?gone.
The whole experience was very dark, pitch-black, in fact-blacker even than if one shut their eyes very tightly.
When she'd almost sobbed her failure, a pinpoint of light appeared a great distance from her. At first, she thought she only imagined it, a candle flame perhaps, only miles away. Then very gradually, the spark of the human boy flickered again, then it slowly grew. The fragile tapping of his heart, as frail as a bird's beneath her fingertips, suddenly appeared. Tap, tap, tap it went, terribly thready and fast, but as it became a more substantial pulse beneath her hands, it slowed, not racing nearly so bad.
Lastly, his breathing started, squeaking and agonizing at first, a few dreadful gasps, but then his throat and lungs opened. His breathing cleared, becoming more rhythmic as his thin ribs drew the air in by fragile, gasping lungfuls, between a few weak fits of coughing.
Isara sobbed out loud as she realized her friend was alive and stepping back from harms grasp. Liberty, she thought to him through the healing connection that she maintained, I have you now. You're okay.
Isara? His eyes were still closed, and he lay very quiet, too weak yet to move, but she heard his voice in her own head as though he'd spoken out loud. He was back. Death would not claim him just yet, and what he said was?Run?
It was just then that someone hit her very hard on the side of the head, and the Bettuan child-healer collapsed next to the boy.



CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
?

The first explosion had been a very effective strategy. By the time the second one went off directly underneath the commissary, the general and a significant handful of the base's security forces were already down in the tunnel that had been chiseled out from the first explosion. However, the most effective diversion was clearly the discovery of two children, one of them very odd indeed.
It appeared that the boy had been nearly fatally injured by the alien but was recovering and could almost talk, almost?but not just yet.
The alien, who appeared to be female, remained unconscious from the blow to the head.
The men were all unwilling to touch it, or the human child for that matter. There was no certainty of what the alien might be contaminated with, and personnel were just arriving with Hazmat suits when the second explosion went off, farther down the tunnel.
"Get them secured," the general barked, stabbing his finger at the children. "And get a dispatch to that second explosion." He double timed it back to the hole they'd crawled down through and struggled to climb back up the small mountain of rip-rap, back into the base.
By the time Isara and Liberty were wrapped in decontamination blankets and secured on stretchers, Alex and Sartek were already well inside and much farther down the hall, standing behind a corner just outside the very critical control center.
All doors within the compound had automatically closed when the second explosion in the commissary went off, and several guards were now posted just outside of the control center. They were older men, older than Private Prince, and both presented with the deadly appearance of military authority.
"How do we get past them?" Sartek whispered.
"Here's the deal; I'm not sure how this secret power works." She held up both hands and wiggled her fingers. "I'm not even sure if it's always gonna work in our favor." She was remembering minutes before in the commissary. Her affect appeared so controlled and capable but inside she was walking a fine line, and mostly because Sartek had almost been shot in the head. "And I already feel like someone stomped on my head. I might even throw up, but I'm going to try to get us in." She pointed farther down the hall, past the control center. "Bert said the ship is just beyond here, just around that bend in the hall."
Alex thought about Liberty for a second, wondered where he and Isara were and if they were together. There wasn't a thing she could do about it, and if Liberty was hurt or in trouble, the two of them would need to be close together.
"We should have kept the gun," Sartek said regretfully. "We have no way of defending ourselves."
"Listen to you, mister negative nanny," Alex teased him, even though she didn't feel it. "Don't be such a worry wart. I've dealt with stuff like this all my life."
"Really?"
"No?" she answered, the corner of her mouth turning in a smile.
Sartek gave her a look of mild surprise.
She elbowed him in the ribs. "C'mon, trust me-this is gonna be fun." Nowhere in the core of Alex's belief system did she think it was going to be fun.
Before he could answer, she walked casually around the corner and, with hands out, walked straight up to the guards. Both of them drew on her, rifles pointed at her chest.
"See, here's the deal," Alex announced simply, "I have an alien with me, and he needs his ship back."
"That's it? That's your strategy?" Sartek was incredulous.
"Stay right there!" One of the guards ordered, swinging his rifle up and at Alex. Then he reached for a small microphone that was attached to his lapel. Before he could report anything further, the overhead lights flickered briefly and the small microphone zinged out and away from his flack jacket, pulling with it the wire that attached it to a small receiver in the soldier's right ear. The tiny mic circled dizzyingly in front of the soldier's face for an instant, its thin cord zipping back and forth behind it like an angry serpent's tail, before poking him sharply in one eye.
"Ow!" the officer exclaimed.
The other guard, mesmerized by the tiny device that appeared to have come so abruptly to life and take issue with its owner, dropped the muzzle of his gun for a split second. His face was blank, his jaw slack as he watched his comrade try to slap the angry device away as though some giant electronic bee was attacking him.
"What tha'?" the second guard began and loosened his grip on the rifle.
It was at just that instant that the overhead lights flickered again and both guns were yanked from the men's hands. They clattered to the ground in front of Alex and Sartek, who'd just walked from behind the corner to stand beside her.
"Don't move," Alex said calmly to the guards. "If you do, I can't be responsible for what happens with these guns."
Sartek bent down and, even though unfamiliar with the weapon, shouldered it comfortably, pointing it at the knees of the second guard.
"Here's what we're gonna do," Alex explained. "We're gonna walk past these doors?" She tilted her head toward the control center. "And go on around the corner to let him?" She nodded at Sartek. "Go in to where his ship is. Get it?"
Both guards wisely raised their hands.
"And you both probably realize that those communication thingies won't work anymore-they're fried," Alex added casually as she leaned down to pick up the other rifle. "But these will work just fine, and I might look like a sweet little kid, but I'm a little kid with nothing to lose. And I sure don't wanna' go back to where I come from."
All of these sudden and unexplained events appeared to be a lot for the guards to take in just yet, and they simply stood, frozen in place, allowing her to speak her mind.
She shrugged her small shoulders. "The way I see it, I'm going to jail for all of this anyway, and I'd hate to make you two a bigger part of my problem." Unlike Sartek, Alex leveled the rifle directly at the first guard's chest. "But if I have to, I will." On the outside, she was cool as tile flooring beneath bare feet. On the inside, however, her heart thumped so loudly she could scarcely hear what she was saying, and she trembled so badly that she worried she might drop the rifle.
Tipping the point of the rifle more toward the guard's knees, she started to say something else.
One of the soldiers interrupted her. "You'll never get-"
"Shut up. I don't want you to talk," Alex snapped.
The guard puffed up a bit, perhaps unused to being taken prisoner by a little girl.
She then explained matter of factly, "I've already killed Private Prince." The guards' eyes flew wide, and she shrugged. "He made the unfortunate mistake of being in the commissionary. I feel real bad about that, but I could get used to it."
Truthfully, she thought she could never get used to such a thing, but it was too late now to turn back from her ruse.
The guards stared at each other, genuine concern plastered on both their faces.
"Sidearms, guys." Alex tapped the toe of her shoe on the concrete floor, not giving them a chance to dwell too long on her story.
Sartek shot her a surprised glance, sideways. Perhaps he'd never heard someone bluff so eloquently before. Perhaps he'd not thought Alex capable of such a thing, and maybe he was only now recognizing that she possessed quite a bit more courage than her happy go lucky demeanor projected.
The alien and human children had come to know each other fairly well in a very short span of time, but only this morning Sartek had mumbled to Alex about his own fears of not having the willpower to pull it off "when the time comes."
She'd replied, "Guess you never know your mettle until you put it to the fire." Well, they were certainly well into the blaze now, and Alex's mettle could challenge Vasteen.
The guards slowly unholstered their sidearms and knelt, sliding the pistols across the floor to them.
Alex kept the rifle leveled at the guard as she pushed both pistols off to the side with the toe of her sneaker, well out of reach.
It was a very peculiar situation; the girl with her dusty, sun-streaked ponytail and freckled cheeks barely showing beneath the grime, her sweet cherub mouth, and the hands that looked so tiny grasping the MK-17. She had to twist the weapon in the crook of her arm just to carry it. However, her eyes spoke something else. They were determined and calculating, and if she'd been able to see herself in a mirror, she would have shocked even herself with the degree of fearless resolution that lit her eyes.
"Gentlemen," she repeated, pointing her chin down the hall. "Shall we? Or are you willing to lay it down for a couple stupid orphaned kids?"
They hesitated but then complied, turning slowly before heading down the hall, past the control center.
Alex glanced sideways as they walked by the big glass pane windows, hoping nobody noticed them.
A small woman with black hair, wearing a white lab jacket, was talking on a cell phone. She appeared agitated with whomever she was speaking but must have caught the movement out of the corner of her eye. There was an instant when she turned and gazed straight at Alex with the most startling blue eyes that Alex thought she'd ever seen. The woman's mouth opened in silent alarm, but strangely, she didn't call out. She just stood there, frozen, and slowly laid the cell phone on a counter, not even properly ending the call.
There was something about the woman's expression as she looked first at Alex, then at Sartek, then back at Alex. It seemed to Alex almost?sad?
Alex shook her head softly, her eyes begging the woman as she held her finger up to her lips in the universal "Shhh" sign.
And then, just like that, the four stepped past the glass pane windows, out of sight and clear of visibility by anyone else inside the control center. Just beyond the windows, about twenty-yards farther, were double closed doors. Behind them would be the Cerulean Star.
"Open them," Alex commanded just as the overhead alarms started to shriek in earnest now. It had been less than five minutes since they'd crawled out of the hole in the commissary floor.
"Well, we knew that was going to happen," Sartek said wryly.
When he spoke, both the guards stared at him, uncomprehending.
"Doesn't matter," she replied, then repeated her command to the guards, "I said open it."
"I can't," the younger of the two indicated. "It's security coded and-"
"And you're a security guard. How 'bout that." Alex accused him openly as she flipped the safety of the rifle off, just as Liberty had explained to her she might have to do.
Alex was by now convinced that her heart was climbing right up into her throat and was going to explode out of her ears. She would've given anything at that moment to be back on the side of the little pond. Then she could catch catfish, watch David dive so perfectly from the cliff, and listen to Liberty go on about some dumb thing or another.
She steadied herself and raised the tip of the assault rifle to the guard's head. "I will shoot you before I try to get your friend to open it. I don't want to, but if you make me?I goddamn-sure will." Her finger slid onto the trigger.
"Wait! Wait-hold on there. Just relax, kid." The soldier held both hands up and glanced over at his older friend as though he'd just crapped his pants.
The older man was biting his own lip to the point of drawing blood. He nodded the go ahead, and the younger soldier went to reach slowly into his vest. "I'm just getting an access badge," he explained and pulled it out, showing it to Alex first before reaching over to the access pad and sliding the badge over the surface.
The red, luminescent bar of the access panel flickered green, and a metallic kachunk rattled in the door hardware just before the double doors lurched into motion, receding back into the wall jambs. The underground vault opened enormous before them.
"Son of a?" Alex gasped, as the doors slid apart. Beyond them opened the biggest cave she'd ever imagined. Within the cavern hovered her birthday present. Only now the Star wasn't elegant and breathtakingly blue like it had been when it floated so effortlessly above the tiny meadow in the woods.
The Cerulean Star's shell looked ravaged by a terrible plague. Ghastly black gashes were slashed into it and torn across it, exposing the Vasteen beneath. The helium shield was depleting even faster now in rivulets that dripped an ominous black vapor, disappearing before hitting the ground. The frame beneath glowed a brilliant and metallic orange, just like the collars that the two children wore.
Alex stepped forward. "What the fuk have you done to it?" she screamed. Just then the awful pounding of the sound cannon assaulted them, forcing the two guards and Alex immediately to their knees. She straightaway clutched her hands over her ears, and her rifle rattled onto the concrete floor.
Sartek, however, managed to maintain his footing for that horrible, crushing moment as the awful hammering pounded upon them.
Then, just as suddenly and for no apparent reason, it ceased. The stark, abrupt absence of the sound cannon was almost as deafening.
It'd been too much, though. Doubled over, Alex retched violently.
Sartek managed to maintain his stance and continued to hold the gun on the guards, even crumpled to the ground as they were. He waited patiently until she was finished. She finally ceased with the dry heaves and reached for her own fallen rifle.
Sartek leaned down and grabbed her by the elbow as she staggered to her feet.
"Get out," she gasped, regathering and pointing the rifle at the guards' feet and motioning back out the doors. "Get the hell out, and close them behind you!"
The men didn't hesitate. They half stumbled, half crawled, back from where they'd come. As soon as they were gone, the doors whooshed shut.
Sartek and Alex stood alone, the assault rifles still dangling in their hands.
Alex glanced around the cavern.
Off to one side of the Star was a terrible device. It was perched on a platform and pointed at what would be the throat of the ship. After the second explosion, the technicians had been ordered to return, and were safely outfitted in protective head gear and back at it, slicing away at the Cerulean Star. The cutter made a wretched screeching noise as a white beam sliced and ground into the lovely belly of the ship. Water sprayed from the tool under terrific pressure.
"Make them stop!" Sartek cried.
Alex glanced at him before whistling, very loudly, between her front teeth.
One of the technicians, the one who was operating the giant water knife, looked up when the sound pulsing cannon ceased but didn't notice the children. Just happening to glance over his shoulder, he now saw them for the first time. The technician froze, held both hands up and reached over with one finger to flip a toggle on the machinery.
The water knife came to a grinding halt. Water dripped from the Star, and they could see for the first time the thin cut the knife was creating. The technician reached up with both hands and carefully removed the helmet from his head, indicating at the same time that he wanted no trouble.
It would be alarming, Alex thought to herself, to see two kids with automatic weapons in their hands-much worse than firecrackers or cigarette lighters. This almost brought a smile to her lips.
Other personnel-scientists mostly-came walking slowly around from a temporary work station set up on the other side of the Star. On seeing the children, and most noticeably the MK 17s, all of them also cautiously raised their hands. Curiously, there were no soldiers stationed in the cavern, and this lot did not seem prone to outright confrontation.
"Get out," was all Alex said. When not even one of them began to move, she screamed hoarsely, "Get the fuck out!"
Immediately, a gaggle of scientists and technicians jogged toward the exit doors, disappearing beyond.
Alex glanced about herself. She could see the giant glass observatory window and squinted as she made out the woman with the black hair on the other side. She was standing, her hands pressed up against the glass, her mouth open and saying something that Alex couldn't make out.
She gazed back at the Star and thought to herself how enormous it appeared in the cave, much larger than it had seemed in the little meadow. Stricken that it should be so wounded, so defiled, she looked sadly at Sartek. "Oh, my God?Sartek, I'm so sorry," she half sobbed.
Blood trickled from the left ear of her friend so dark green as to be almost black. Sartek's eyes were huge and damp, but not from the sound cannon. His eyes grieved the awful destruction wrought upon the Star, his ship-the only thing that connected him with a world he called home, so very far away. He let the rifle sag, pointed to the ground at his feet and took one staggering step toward his ship.
"Sartek?" Alex started to say, overwhelmed and ashamed of what they'd done to the alien and his ship, but before she could finish the sentence, her vision paled and was clouded in brilliant color.
The glorious gold of the Star's endoskeleton appeared to shimmer so brilliantly that it almost seemed to radiate heat. In an instant, two shift beams dropped from empty space and engulfed the two children.
Alex and Sartek disappeared, and so did the weapons they carried.



CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
?

Liberty was struggling to sit, to get his senses about himself. He lay on a hospital gurney in what appeared to be a temporary medical bay within the compound. Plastic sheeting surrounded him, strung in tight panels from floor to ceiling. He remembered seeing just such a setup in movies-movies about terrible viruses gone crazy, contaminating whole populations in a matter of hours. Realization dawned on him that they must think he was infected, that he might risk spreading whatever horrors they thought the aliens carried.
Just then, he thought of Isara. "Where is she?" he said out loud as he tried again to sit, tearing at the EKG patches and yanking at his IV. "Is she okay? What did you do with her?" He reached for his neck and was aghast to discover the translation ring was gone. They must have taken it!
"Whoa! Whoa, calm down," a male nurse prompted, his voice muffled by the hazmat helmet he wore. "You're okay now-we saved you. Just relax little buddy."
Not in his nature to overreact, Liberty was able to pull himself together, to calm himself and assess his situation. He was briefly grateful that it was he, and not Alex, lying on the hospital bed. Even so, he struggled to keep panic from setting in. "I'm sorry, I must have blacked out. Where am I?" he asked with forced control.
"You're in Hutchinson Air Base-the infirmary. You're okay, but that thing almost killed you."
"What are you talking about?" Liberty tried to lead with his question.
"That thing-the alien. It had you in the mine shaft and was sucking the life right outa' you. We barely got you out alive."
Liberty swallowed thickly, even now feeling the residual effects of the acute asthma attack he'd suffered after the explosion. Several times before, when he was much younger, his parents had needed to rush him to the hospital for just such an attack. These were life threatening events, even with the epinephrine injections they'd given him on the way.
Considered a critical asthmatic, Liberty required his rescue inhaler several times a day to keep it under control. Kansas was hard on him-too dry, too dusty. As a matter of fact, his parents had been in the process of negotiating a move to Seattle when the accident claimed them. The consistently cool and damp climate of Seattle and access to West coast universities had been their motivation. It was supposed to set the stage for furthering his education in a safer environment.
Nevertheless, Kansas was where Liberty remained after the accident, after nearly three months at the rehabilitation institute. So breathing remained an everyday chore for him. There was seldom a moment when he didn't feel the familiar tightness in his chest, like a vise, always there, waiting to close in on him.
The salt and dirt dust of the explosion had simply been too much. Left to his own devices, Liberty would have died in the mineshaft. Isara saved his life, and in the meantime, it appeared she'd been taken prisoner. He closed his eyes and tried to quiet his mind. As a calm settled over him, he searched for her, ferreting about in the recesses of his being until he felt it?felt her, just as Sartek said she would be. It was almost like a glimpse through a foggy screen, but evidently when the four of them connected before going into the Salt mine, it left a mark upon his subconscious.
There it was, a familiarity. They were all there; Sartek, Isara, and Alex. He wondered briefly if it was distance limited, and then decided that it might not be. It was more of an awareness of himself as much as it was of them. They were still alive, as much as his left hand or foot was. Sensing that their demise would be just as though he'd lost a part of himself, he was immediately relieved to know that Isara was at least living.
"You diabetic?" the nurse asked without warning.
"Huh?" Liberty was still a bit dazed and almost said, "Yes," but instead answered, "Not exactly."
"Cause your blood sugar came back over three hundred. That's pretty high. We weren't sure if it was something that thing did to you or not."
Liberty didn't reply, just blinked hard-concentrated on getting his wits even more about himself.
"Got you on a sliding scale, and looks like you're better now. Feel like some yogurt? Think you can swallow something? Nothing too coarse or anything, not so soon after what happened."
The nurse seemed so casual, he thought, given the situation. "The alien-where did they take?" Liberty started to say her but finished with, "It?"
"Oh, it's in lockdown. You can be sure of that. They got a probe so far up its ass by now it'll think it's turned into shit on a stick."
Liberty was outraged by this, but it didn't slow the nurse down. "So don't worry. There's no way it's getting out. Its ass is grass-you don't need to worry about that." The nurse set a tray down on the bedside table and slid it closer to Liberty. "You should try to eat something. The general's been notified; I'm sure he's gonna be here soon. You'll need your strength." He pushed the pudding closer. "They've got some questions, but don't worry?you're safe now, and a hero!"
Liberty shook his head. "I'm not hungry, but I am ready to speak with the general now. Can you call him please?" He went to swing his legs over the side of the hospital bed.
"Whoa, whoa there! Slow down, champ; you're not goin' nowhere. You just had an alien try to choke the life from you, and besides, this is decontamination. We've got a lot of tests to run on you yet, but don't worry. You're gonna be all right. And you'll get your chance to tell the general exactly what happened, in your own words."
"I'm not fine," Liberty insisted, "far from, and it's only going to get worse. I need to talk to the general, now! It's extremely important." He remained lying in the bed, only because the nurse's strong hand was on his shoulder. "Human life, maybe even the whole human species, depends on it."
The nurse peered at him a bit suspiciously. "What kind of information?"
"It's classified. I'm so sorry, but I can only speak to the general?or the President."
"Of the United States?" The nurse laughed outright. "Look, little bro, you got yourself in a pretty bad pickle, almost getting choked to death by that thing and all, and your story's sure to make headlines. Who knows-maybe even a spot on Leno-but you're kinda' government property for a while."
Liberty simply stared at the man as he rambled dumbly on.
The nurse slid his hand from Liberty's shoulder, patting it as he did, and indicated the plastic sealed room around him. "All this? This is all to make sure you're doing okay and everyone's safe-no offense." The nurse shrugged. "You could be carrying something, you know, contagious and all. Who knows what those bastards can do. We've already seen some of it now, haven't we?"
Liberty bristled at the continued crude evaluation of his Bettuan friends, but he was wise beyond what the nurse could ever anticipate, and so he played him easily. "That's what I've been trying to tell you. I am contaminated, and so are you, if you've spent more than?" He glanced at the clock; it was five forty-five. "Two hours with me." He went on to elaborate gory specifics of the imaginary infestation. "I've been captured by them for a while now-poked, prodded, and?exposed. It starts out with a thirst, then the bleeding begins, out of?everywhere."
It was fairly evident that, until this moment, the nurse hadn't really considered himself at any real risk. His eyes widened as Liberty continued, expounding about such things as pus, vomiting, and loss of erections.
"And I'm not the first one it's happened to. I've seen it at least a dozen times now. So I know what's going to happen to me in the end. I'm dead, and I know it-I accept that now. But this I do know, the clock is ticking for everyone else who's been in contact with me."
He appealed with outstretched hands. "Look?my folks are dead. I have no one who will miss me, absolutely no one." He allowed his hands to fall pathetically into his lap and dropped his chin to his chest. "I'm a goner, but I need to do the right thing." He came abruptly alive again reaching a hand toward the nurse as though he would grab him. "And that's why I need you to call the general! The plague has to be stopped! You have to call him, right now!"
The nurse stepped away from Liberty's outstretched hand and shot a nervous glance at the overhead clock. Suddenly, he was not nearly as cavalier with the young patient as he'd been just seconds ago. "Okay," he said and repeated himself, both hands held out as though he might keep the infected boy away. "Okay?look, just relax kid. I'm sure everything's going to be fine."
"For you?" Liberty squinted to make out the nurse's nametag. "?Larry, perhaps, if it isn't already too late. But I know it's too late for me." He coughed in splendid dramatic style, without covering his mouth.
Larry involuntarily backed away, hands remaining up. "Okay, kid. Just hang on. I'm gonna go?out." He motioned toward the plastic zip door. "And I'm gonna let the general know. Don't freak out or anything, or try to follow me. Just stay right there, and I'll be right back, okay?"
Liberty just stared at him and coughed again.
Larry couldn't back up fast enough, out of the isolation room, and he zipped two layers of plastic film closed behind him.
Through the blur of the two layers, Liberty could see him violently stripping out of his isolation suit before stepping naked into a decontamination shower. It was his guess that this wasn't normal protocol when someone exited an isolation room.
He swung his legs over the side of the bed and just sat there, allowing his equilibrium to settle and his head to clear. It made him dizzy just to sit up. Reaching for the bedside equipment stand, he grabbed the cool steel edge of it and pulled it closer to him. Rummaging around on the stand, he found a two by two gauze and piece of tape then slid the roller clamp on the IV tubing until it was pinched off. Peeling the clear dressing off first, he pulled the IV out of his arm then slapped the gauze and tape over it and pressed on it for a few seconds until it didn't want to bleed anymore.
The nasal cannula and blood pressure cuff were the next to go. When he was finally free of all the monitoring devices, he hopped barefoot to the floor. He was wearing one of those pathetic military issue hospital gowns. Evidently, they'd never anticipated a pediatric patient because his gown hung nearly to the floor and was so big that, even tied up, it felt as though it flopped open in the breeze. At least he had the dignity of his superman briefs. Those fit him best and were really three year hand-me-downs from David. Liberty smiled at the thought but refocused on the situation at hand.
It would have been ridiculous for him to try to exit the ward. He could see the guard posted outside the two sheets of isolation plastic. The soldier was fitting himself with a gas-mask now, evidently alarmed by nurse Larry's freak out.
Pulling up a chair and dropping the bedside table, Liberty popped open a chocolate pudding pack and dove into it with a spoon. He glanced again at the overhead clock. Five fifty-two. Returning his attention to the pudding, he waited, and just as he expected, it took less than five minutes before the general showed up outside the isolation unit.
Liberty couldn't see the general clearly through the plastic sheets, but he did recognize the five silver stars in a circle that indicated his rank. Just below these was a sleeve emblem resembling a green shield with three gold lightning bolts and a sword across them. Even as blurry as it was, he knew this meant the general was also a member of the army special forces Green Beret. It wouldn't do to underestimate this very worthy opponent.
Without wearing a hazmat suit or gas mask, the general seemed to study Liberty for an uncomfortable length of time, all the while remaining on the other side of the two plastic sheets.
"H'lo," Liberty said simply, looking up from his pudding.
"Hi, young fella. I hope you're feeling better. Looked like that alien put the screws to you pretty good. How's about we call your momma and daddy and get this situation figured out?"
"Don't have any," Liberty replied simply, focusing on the last of the pudding, scraping the cup clean with the little, white plastic spoon. "I live?" he faltered, perfectly, "I live-uhmm?" His face crossed with worry. "I-I don't know where I live!" He dropped the pudding cup and his hands went up to his face as though to make sure it was still there.
"It's okay, son. It's all right; that's just residual from the choking you were getting. It'll probably pass." The general sincerely seemed to want to calm the boy. He tilted his head back and studied Liberty a bit longer before he asked gently, "I understand you have some information you need to share with me?" General Jacobs pulled up a chair and sat backward on it, his elbows resting on the back. "I'm all ears, uhmm-what did you say your name was?"
"I didn't; my name's Liberty."
The general nodded and waited, his eyes never leaving the boy.
Liberty was aware that he was being interrogated. Significantly, there was no child advocacy group present, no shrink-not even a doctor. Regardless of how genuine and kind the general was trying to come across, Liberty's rights were not paramount, and he knew it.
"That's a fine, strong name, son. All right?Liberty. Suppose we talk about what's on your mind?"
Cutting straight to the matter, Liberty said simply, "I have been infected by the alien species. This requires for me to be in proximity to the female, and I also require the anti-infestation device around my throat to prevent immediate spread to other humans."
He immediately kicked himself. His explanation was entirely too academic. There was no way the general wouldn't recognize this. It was a rookie mistake. Get it together or you're gonna blow this, he thought to himself. Liberty was still a bit off his game.
The general's eyes shot wide, and he shifted in his chair. "Well, now that's a mouthful. And how exactly do you know this?"
He was more cautious this time, picking his words carefully. "They told me when they had me aboard the ship, and I can already feel the effects."
"You?you were aboard their ship?" There was no way the general could know how Liberty knew about the ship. This knowledge had been kept top secret since its capture in the meadow. Even the vast majority of staff at Hutchinson only had a vague idea of what was really going on.
"Yes, sir, and my best friend is still aboard the ship. You might remember him? The kid that ran across the meadow when you first captured it?"
There was no disputing the accuracy of Liberty's claim. The report contained within it the video image of a dark-haired boy, sprinting across the meadow before disappearing as though he'd been sucked into a beam of sorts. It was exactly like when the two within the cavern-the little girl and the alien-disappeared. That'd happened just over an hour ago, almost exactly the same time as when they'd found the boy with the alien wrapped around his neck in the mineshaft.
"And the little girl? The one with the ponytail and the pretty eyes who was with another bigger one of?them?" the general asked flatly, almost sarcastically.
Liberty stiffened a bit. He knew the general meant Alex and Sartek. He hesitated; his instincts told him that reasoning with Jacobs would prove futile. The military, the government, and the world for that matter, would do with this vessel and its inhabitants as they pleased. And from Earth's history of humanity running the show, it probably wouldn't end well for Sartek, Isara, or Blalok.
There was one more thing he knew-the general was no idiot. There was a reason he was a general. This man had accomplished the incredibly difficult task of becoming one of the most elite soldiers ever. Liberty knew he needed to be perceived as an ally. If the general determined it a national security issue, it would preclude the loss of a singular child?or several. Liberty decided he needed to keep his cards close to his chest to prevent compromising the deception he was trying so valiantly to present.
"Is Alex okay?" he asked urgently as he slid from the bed, shoving the bedside table aside. "Where is she? Did she get infected?"
General Jacobs appeared to hesitate.
Liberty knew the man would pick his words carefully.
"Liberty?"
"You can call me Bert, General." He knew the tactics of special ops interrogation. He knew the general would attempt to coerce him, gain his trust, use him to glean knowledge. If this failed, they would employ advanced interrogation techniques, what they termed "unconventional warfare" on him. He intended to do the same to the general, only more subtly.
It was unlikely General Jacobs would anticipate such tactics from an eleven year old boy. The man had no way of knowing how brilliant this particular eleven year old was.
"My friends call me Bert, and the girl is Alexander, but she likes to be called Alex. Is she all right?" Liberty feigned ignorance, and before the general had a chance to answer he said, "If they've taken her, too??" He let his voice trail off and wrung his hands.
"Hold on Bert, calm down." Jacobs stood up, turned the chair back around, and sat down again, his elbows on his knees. "Bert, my name is Alan, you can call me that if you-"
"The ring!" Liberty interrupted him again. "Did Alex have one on? On her neck? If she didn't?oh, God," Liberty grabbed at his stomach and leaned over. Then he staggered a step toward the general. This was only half faked as he was still fairly dizzy from the near death incident in the mine.
Jacobs stepped backward, even though he was on the other side of the plastic sheet. "Bert, sit down, son. Sit down now, before you fall down or something."
Liberty returned to the bed, scrambled up onto it, his faded superman briefs flashing. He spun around to face the general, skinny legs crossed, boney knees sticking out from the edges of the hospital gown. He tried hard to think of Goo, seriously wondering if his little dog was okay, and this thought willed very real tears to fill his eyes.
"We don't know about your friends, Bert. What we do know is the girl-Alex-disappeared with one of them after getting into the cavern."
"Did they hurt her? Did they make her do things? Bad things?" Liberty was intensely relieved with this small bit of information. It would appear Alex and Sartek made it to the ship and had been taken aboard. He was aware that Alex would have no problem taking the initiative in that process, and he assumed she'd hurt a few feelings along the way. She was queen at that.
He played this information carefully, trying very hard not to smile. "They will make you do things you shouldn't; they made me blow up the tunnel!" He gestured with his hands over his head then asked urgently, "Alan, did she have a ring? A ring around her neck?" Liberty manipulated counter coercion magnificently. "If she didn't, she will die." He choked back another fairly convincing sob.
The general seemed unsure where to go with this but was ultimately sucked in. "She did, Bert, she did." Then, "What exactly does that ring do?"
Liberty already had his answer prepared. "She's all I have left, her and David. We live together, and they're all the family I have." Then, he chose to answer the question. "The rings protect us from getting sicker. They know that. I'm already infected, Alex is infected, and I'm guessing by now David is too. Problem is, without the ring, and one of them to?run it I guess, we're a lot more contagious and will die quicker."
"Bert, what is your last name?"
This was a dangerous question. If the general was able to gain access to Liberty's previous records, they would know he's asthmatic and a brittle diabetic. It would be harder for him to feign the fabricated illness that was his ace in the hole.
"There's one other thing," Liberty added quickly. "If I have the ring, I can understand them."
This was indeed a surprise to the general. He forgot, for now at least, that he'd tried to get Liberty's last name and leapt up, immediately bolting from the room.
So much for his concern for the child in the infirmary, Liberty thought to himself.



CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
?

Isara was in a vault-a modified interrogation chamber of sorts. She lay on a stainless steel table, tethered with leather bands about her ankles and wrists. A larger strap was cinched tightly across her waist, and there was also one across her neck that made it impossible to raise her head and look around.
There were monitors connected to her-blood oxygen was ninety-three percent, blood pressure was eighty over twenty-eight, respirations thirteen. This is what the monitoring technician outside the vault recorded on his record. He watched the alien contained within its Hazmat prison very closely.
The alien groaned as though it perceived pain. Its large eyes blinked slowly; it tilted its head to one side, away from the laceration on its scalp, before closing its eyes again. Blood, a deep, greenish-black color, had pooled on the table and dried sticky on the gash across its temple. Gone was the ring from the alien's neck. It had been confiscated along with the one from the human boy.
"It doesn't appear to be aggressive. We can at least remove the restraints. Don't you think that is possible?" Bennett argued. "It's hardly the size of a child itself. Can we at least free it in the room? Give it something to sit on, perhaps?"
"Negative," Lieutenant Colonel Taylor replied. "We cannot underestimate the capabilities of the enemy." The soldier turned on Bennett. "If you've never seen a snake, you might make the same incorrect assumption, that it isn't dangerous because it's smaller, or pretty."
Bennett groaned. There was no communicating with the officer, and she decided to turn her efforts toward Jacobs instead. She didn't have to go far. The general busted through the door before she had a chance to turn around.
"Get me those rings," he snapped.
Before she was able to even ask why, Taylor saluted with all the enthusiasm of a trained monkey and left, evidently to confiscate the rings.
"What? What is it?" Bennett took a seat, not at all sure what to expect.
"The boy. He claims he's infected. Says the ring is what's kept him alive." He looked squarely at Bennett. "And he says we can communicate with it if we wear them."
She was stunned. "We need to get the ring back on the boy!" She seemed to grasp the item of bigger importance. "You mean-with her? You can talk to her?" She indicated Isara.
"It, Ms. Bennett. It is an invading species and non-human. It's an it. If you want to go all snuggly friendly with it, then be my guest. But, from what I can see, it's carrying something contagious, it invaded our planet, and it tried to choke a twelve year old boy to death. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some business to take care of!"
"Wait! Please, wait. I volunteer to communicate with it," Bennett offered straight up.
"What?"
"I volunteer. I'll do it. Let me put the ring on. Let me communicate with it."
"Did you hear me right Ms. Bennett? 'Cuz from what I can gather, and I'm not entirely convinced of this yet, those aliens have two human children captive aboard their ship and are hell bent on infecting our species. And they might be capable of mind control!"
These ramblings gave Bennett much to think about, and all in straight order, but primarily she wished to communicate with the female alien in the Hazmat interrogation vault. Ever since she'd seen the little human girl, the one with the alien in the hallway outside of the control center, there was just something about her face, the way she'd made such a silent appeal.
When Bennett was a child, her mother told her about the little voice in the back of her head. "Sometimes, you'll barely hear it. Sometimes it will scream at you, and you'll just be annoyed and want to push it away. Don't?"
Bennett knew that her mother was speaking about her intuition, and she'd been convinced that women harbor the most refined of all instincts. She also believed women were classically conditioned not to listen to them. Now the voice was pounding on the back of her head with a jackhammer. Bennett, however, much to the credit of her very wise mother, was very good at listening to the little voice. Consequently, she believed there was much more to the situation than met the eye.
"Give me the ring; I volunteer to go in, without Hazmat, and I'll speak with the alien. If I become infected, it will give us a bigger control group to evaluate the disease process and prevent further outbreak."
"We already have the boy for that," the general countered. "You can go in, but you're wearing Hazmat."
Bennett considered her odds, recognized there was no use arguing with him, and finally caved. She nodded. By then, Taylor was back with a lead case. Inside were the two rings taken from Liberty's and Isara's necks.
"I'll be right back." Bennett brushed a stray, dark lock of hair from her eyes. She seemed hardly able to control her excitement as she ran to go change into a Hazmat suit. As soon as she was gone, the general entered the interrogation vault room alone, without a Hazmat suit, and with both the rings in his hand.

*  *  *

"Sir?" Taylor started to object.
"Shut up," Jacobs ordered, closing the door behind him. He indicated with a sweep of his hand that he was not to be interrupted and approached the alien.
The creature was lying very still, its eyes closed. The general wasn't sure if it'd even heard him as he approached the table. He squinted to make out the delicate ear, the flat nose, and smooth skin. Removing a pencil from his uniform shirt pocket, he poked the tip of it sharply into the ribs of the alien.
Brilliant turquoise eyes flew open, and he was astonished with how liquid they appeared. He remembered, once, swimming with dolphins on a Hawaiian vacation. The dolphins' eyes seemed so deep and clear, almost liquid-just like the alien's appeared now, only these were enormous and catlike. He backed away as humans will do when confronted with something?alien.
It didn't move, only looked at him, tracked him as he moved around the room to the other side of the bed. It had a mouth, thin lips even, but no sound escaped-it almost appeared closed too tightly. Even with the lead tip of the pencil broken off in its side, it did not cry out, as a human might have.
He laid the lead briefcase on the table with a heavy thud and flipped the catches, opening it with the back toward the alien. There was no way the creature could know what lay inside. As the general slowly removed one of the rings, he observed the alien's eyes open even wider, thin lips parting, but no sound came from it.
"You know what this is, don't you?" the general asked.
The alien remained silent.
He peered closely at the ring. It felt warm in his hand, almost as though it had a life of its own, and as delicate as the band was, it was heavy with a significant weight to it. Briefly he wondered if it emitted radiation and then was sorry he'd handled it so carelessly. He would hate to lose a hand or something.
"You want it, don't you?" The general studied the alien from between narrowed eyes. "What is it? A weapon? Does it give you your power?"
The creature's breathing quickened, and so did its heart rate. The monitor was bleeping rapidly and more urgently in the background.
Jacobs was trained to notice things such as these, and he was aware that he'd gotten the alien's attention. "Fuck it," he muttered more to himself than the alien. He reached up to slip one of the rings around his own neck.
The metal was easy to pull apart, but as he released it, the ring formed comfortably around his neck. As a matter of fact, it was as if it'd become part of him-he didn't even perceive its weight.
He staggered, the room swirling about him as he swayed, but the effect faced almost immediately as the translation device calibrated to his system. Steadying himself, he stared at the alien. "You can understand me now, can't you? This is how it works, isn't it?"
The alien said nothing, only stared at him.
He grabbed the other ring, yanked it open, and situated it roughly about the neck of his captive. "Talk, goddammit!"
Nothing. The alien only stared dumbly at him.
He waited for only a few seconds longer and before saying coldly, "I killed Bert?"
Still nothing. The alien only stared at him, liquid eyes fathomlessly blank.
From everything the general could glean from its expression, it either couldn't understand him, or it didn't care. In that one moment?he hated it.
He snatched the ring too roughly from her neck, pulled his own off, and stuffed them back into the lead case. Stomping from the interrogation room, he didn't even explain himself as he stormed past Bennett, outfitted in her Hazmat suit, a look of confusion on her face. "Sir, I-"
Moments later, he was back in the infirmary.



CHAPTER THIRTY
?

"You said I'd be able to talk to it!" The general burst into the infirmary and pulled the plastic sheeting apart, coming right up next to Liberty's bed.
"No, I didn't say that. I said I would be able to understand them. It's my collar; it was made for me. They created it for me, to slow the illness." His reaction was immediate and controlled.
"How do I know what you say is true?" Jacobs was obviously approaching the end of his willingness to be duped.
"Take me to it. It will speak when you take me to it."
Liberty was only mildly relieved. Isara had played into the ruse brilliantly, evidently refusing to speak to the general when he'd placed the ring on himself. It bought them only a little more time, however, and he knew that was a small luxury. The interrogation methods would escalate, and Isara would talk?eventually.
"If you take me to it, I will make it talk," Liberty encouraged the general. "I promise, and by letting me have the collar again, it will prolong my life. Pleeeze. It's the right thing to do."
The general hesitated, scratching his chin with his thumb and forefinger.
"You have nothing to lose, sir, and I have everything to gain. It will look good for the military if you take such good care of me, until I eventually die." Liberty was valiantly playing the public image card now, but it was obvious he'd shown too much of his hand.
Jacobs refused to bite. Instead, the tables turned abruptly. "Look here, Bert?Liberty, or whatever your name is. I don't know if what you're saying is true or not, but I do intend to have a go at this. If you get this thing to communicate it will go well for you. If not?" He reached out and grabbed Liberty roughly by the wrist. His previously concerned and compassionate demeanor was entirely absent. "?it won't matter a damn what the public thinks 'cuz they'll never know you even existed, and kids your age disappear all the time." He dragged Liberty from the bed and out the infirmary door.
The boy could barely keep up as the general pulled him down the hall. He struggled not to trip over his gown. There were whispers and looks of concern as others in the base saw the strange pair pass. The strides of the general were long as he half dragged the "white-haired boy that the alien almost killed."
The general seemed oblivious to their concerned stares. Minutes later, he shoved the boy into the small observation room, outside of the interrogation room where the alien lay bound.
Liberty could see Isara strapped to the stainless steel table just on the other side of a narrow glass window. His heart caught in his throat and he took an involuntary step toward the window but stopped himself. C'mon Liberty, be smart and keep it together. Don't screw this up now, he thought to himself.
"Can I have the ring? So I don't get sicker?" Liberty asked with as much compassion in his voice as he could muster.
The general indicated the lead briefcase. "Knock yourself out."
Liberty walked over to the table and flipped the catches, lifted the lid, and exposed the two rings. He glanced over at General Jacobs.
"Put it on-that's what we're here for," the general prodded him.
Lifting one of the rings from the briefcase, Liberty slipped it on, closing his eyes as he adjusted to it. Then he lifted the other ring and walked to the door, looking back over his shoulder as he did. "Will you come in with me? In case I get scared?"
"Yes, and the routine is this; you say only what I tell you to say. Anything it says, you translate exactly as it speaks. Got it?"
"Mmm hmm," Liberty agreed, and through the door they went.
Isara didn't open her eyes until she felt the gentle hand on her shoulder. Her eyes flew open-the connection was immediate.
Shhh?Isara, it's all right. I'm going to get you out of here. Liberty carefully thought this only to himself, hoping no one heard it besides Isara. There was no way to be certain she could even understand his thoughts just yet.
"Ask it why they are here," the general commanded.
Liberty slipped the ring around Isara's neck, and it broke his heart when he saw how the leather restraint cut into her throat. "It can't talk if that strap is so tight." He immediately reached for the buckle beneath the table.
"No you don't," The general grabbed his hand. "Sorry, kid-can't risk it."
Liberty's eyes didn't leave Isara's. He was so sorry.
"I'm okay. It's all right," she said, hoarsely.
"What did it say?" The general's eyes flew wide at hearing the singsong voice of the alien for the first time.
"It said its throat hurts."
The general hesitated but ultimately reached over, loosening the bond a small bit.
Isara twisted her head left and right, obviously stiffened from the blow to the head and from being immobilized on the table for such a long time. Liberty saw the gash on the side of her head and the pooling blood, a dark green goo, on the table.
"She's hurt," he said out loud without thinking.
"You can't appear as my friend. If you do, they will imprison you as well," Isara warned without calling Liberty by his name.
"Translate," the general commanded.
"She said thank you for releasing her throat a little. It makes her head hurt less."
"Why are you here?" the general asked Isara directly.
"Are our friends on the ship?" She ignored the general's question and spoke to Liberty instead.
"She says the ship was harvesting oxygen, just stopping by our planet," Liberty explained to the general truthfully but, at the same time, nodded ever so imperceptibly to let Isara know Alex and David made it.
"How many more are there?" the general demanded. "How many more ships and how many aliens aboard this ship?"
Liberty repeated the question, even though Isara could understand the general just fine. This would give the general the impression of being compliant and would allow Isara a better chance to consider her communication with him.
"What do we do now? We have to get the Star out of here, and?if they must leave me behind, it has to be!" She again ignored the general's question.
There are two hundred twenty of them, and they carry a virus that can wipe out the entire human race within a month. She says, however, that that was not their intention; they did not mean for this to happen.
Liberty no longer spoke out loud. Instead the voice that everyone heard was telepathic-and very strong. It spoke to the general, the colonel, Bennett, and the guard within the room. The information wasn't only presented to them, it was commanding, and it was very convincing.
He staggered, grabbing the side of the table.
"No! You can't do this again. You're too weak!" Isara begged him out loud. "Bert! Stop it!"
The general's head snapped as he realized the alien knew Liberty by name.
You have one chance for survival-return the alien to the vessel and release it. Send the human, Bert, with it. The voice was even louder now as though spoken over a loud-speaker, and Liberty faltered, his knees finally giving way. As he crumpled to the floor, he retched chocolate pudding mixed with bile. It had the horridly convincing appearance of a slow death, although this wasn't at all so.
The general jumped back, seemingly more from surprise than alarm.
"Bert, don't do this!" Isara pleaded out loud.
But the voice came again. You need to put the alien back on the ship, and you need to see a doctor immediately. You have all become infected.
Liberty finally stopped retching but not before it had been a very dramatic display for all present. Severely weakened, he pushed himself up, staggered with some effort to his feet, and reached to undo the bonds at Isara's wrists.
"I am dying," Liberty said out loud. "There is no reason for you all to die as well." His statement was directed to the general, and he motioned for him to leave the room. "Get out of here before you increase your exposure even more. Don't be stupid."
The general pulled his pistol from its holster and pointed it at Isara. Everyone froze. "Okay, Bert. Here's the plan. It goes?but you stay. And if it makes trouble for me?" The general pressed the nose of the gun into Isara's temple. "Will you kindly explain to it what will happen if I get upset?"
"No!" Isara said out loud. "I can't leave you here!"
Liberty pulled at the strap that held her ankles until it slipped free. He wasn't sure if he could do it, but his thoughts were now just for Isara. This was the plan, that if I'm captured and stay in the base, maybe I can help open the gates to let the Star free. You have to go, Isara. Sartek and Blalok won't leave without you, and you know it. You owe them that. You must leave.
The argument was heartbreaking but pointless because right as Liberty had the bonds freed, the general reached for Isara and dragged her from the table. She sagged to her knees, but the much stronger human yanked her back to her feet and pressed the nose of the pistol hard against her head.
Now Liberty said out loud, "You must go with the general. If you don't, he will destroy you with the weapon he holds." Then he directed his attention back to the general. "I've explained the gun to the alien. You should have no trouble directing it back to the ship now."
"That'll do." General Jacobs dragged Isara easily toward the door. As he left, he snapped at Bennett, who stood with her mouth open, obviously shocked over the turn of events, "Get that kid back to quarantine. You and Taylor stay there too?we might have an epidemic to contain."
"Wait! Where are you going?" she asked.
"Putting this thing back where it belongs."



CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
?

When Alex and Sartek materialized aboard the ship, it was a mixture of chaos, worry, and relief. Alex was in awe-immediately stunned by the interior of the beautiful ship. Then she saw David standing on opposite side of the bridge. She ran to him, throwing her arms around his neck. Overcome with seeing him again, and exhausted from having to be so strong for so long, she hugged him, tears streamed from her eyes. "David, oh God, we made it-oh, we made it!"
"Alex?" he choked, visibly relieved to see her. He hugged her back, then held her at arm's length. "Where's Bert?" He shook her gently by the shoulders. "Alex, where's Bert. Where is he?"
"I don't know," she stammered. "He went back. Isara-"
"We lost them after the first explosion. Isara went back for him," Sartek finished for her.
"What the hell do you mean, you lost them?" David released Alex and turned on Sartek, seeing, for the first time since they'd met in the meadow, the tall male alien with the darkest green eyes. "You can't lose Bert! He's not the one you lose, ever! Do you hear me? Never!"
Sartek stepped toward David, the tension immediately thick between them. "Isara is down there too!" he countered. "We both have lost friends right now."
"Whoa, whoa, slow down David!" Alex said, swiping the tears from her eyes with the heel of her hand. "He didn't do anything! We had a plan and-"
"And that plan was to leave Bert behind? Sorry! Not a good enough plan! As a matter of fact," David shouted at Sartek, fists clenched as he leaned toward the alien, "that is the opposite of a good plan!" He stabbed at Sartek's chest with his index finger.
Sartek slapped it away. "Yeah? And if Isara hadn't thought it was a good idea to meet you to begin with, we wouldn't be in this mess at all!" Sartek stepped into the dispute whole-heartedly.
"Hey! Guys!" Blalok interrupted them loudly. "Hey, stupid heads!" They both hesitated-turned just enough to give him their attention. "If you're done with your posturing, and can suck your chests back in and swallow your incredibly huge egos, we have a bit of a situation." He motioned toward the forward screen.
There, larger than life and splashed across the front screen, was Isara. A man, roughly sixty years old, held her arm tightly and was half walking, half dragging her into the huge chamber that housed the Star. To her head he pressed a gun. She appeared weak, as though she'd been hurt.
"Assess situation," Blalok said immediately.
"What?" Alex asked in, confusion.
"He is speaking to me," E-I said out loud.
Alex hunched her shoulders, looking overhead, "Shit!"
"Now, E-I!" Blalok insisted, ignoring Alex as he ran his hands over the instruments.
"Unable to shift without engaging the human as well," E-I responded instantly.
"What does that mean?" David looked overhead, speaking to E-I. "What do you mean?"
"It means if we shift Isara, that man will come with her. The weapon will too-I assume that is a weapon?" Blalok asked.
"Yeah, it is," Alex confirmed.
Sartek walked over to the console and ran his hand over a few of the controls. "It will kill her if he uses it, and if he shifts aboard, he is not only on our ship?he's on our ship armed." His voice caught, and he bit his lip, obviously struggling with his inability to help Isara.
"Are you certain? Will he try to engage us?" Blalok asked.
"Yes," Alex replied urgently. "After what I did, it's a pretty much given-he will."
"I'm not leaving her down there," Sartek said flatly.
Before he could say or do anything, David jumped in, "Nope, you're not. 'Cuz I'm going down there. I'm gonna get Isara, and I'm gonna find Bert." David glanced at Blalok. "Time for plan B." He picked up one of the rifles that Alex and Sartek had brought on board.
Everyone was speechless.
It was Blalok who had something to say to his new friend. "You won't need that," he explained flatly.
David paused. "What do you mean?"
"You only need to be near Isara." The smallest alien crossed his arms across his chest in a "dun deal" fashion.
"What do you mean?" It was Alex's turn to be puzzled.
Blalok rose from his chair and stepped up onto the main level of the bridge, holding his hand out to Alex in true human fashion. "I'm pleased to make your acquaintances." He took her hand, giving it a hearty shake. Before she could reply, he asked her, "I gather you have experienced certain phenomenon in the presence of Isara and Sartek?"
Alex was taken aback for a moment, but finally nodded. "Yeah, things move and electric stuff quits. It's not like I have much control over it, really?it's just whatever I'm concentrating on, and it happens mostly when I'm scared or mad."
"And Bert?"
"Situation escalating," E-I interrupted, zooming in even more on Isara splashed bigger than life across the front screen.
The man pressed her forcefully to her knees. He seemed angry, was saying something and holding the gun to the back of her head, stabbing at it as he spoke. They could see Isara's head jerk forward with each word.
Blalok ignored this, pressing Alex, drawing her attention back with some difficulty. "Alex! Bert developed something too, didn't he?"
"I don't see what this has to do with Isara!" Sartek interrupted.
"I think I know what he's getting at." David gave his entire attention to Blalok now. "You're talking about what happened in the sleep room, aren't you?"
"Yes, I am. You simply need to step close to Isara?then push him."
"Push him? I think that's risky." Alex shook her head. "One of them could get shot."
"Unlikely," E-I explained. "David will be interpreted as an exchange for Isara. Seeing a human boy, the adult male will be taken off guard and likely drop his weapon, even if only momentarily. It would be the window of opportunity. Blalok is right. It is the most logical strategy."
"We only need him to let go of her, break even the smallest contact, and we can get her,-and you-back," Blalok added. "And that is not likely to happen if you are carrying a rifle."
"I'm going," David said. "I can do this. I'll get Isara back aboard, then go find Bert." He moved toward the shift module.
"David," Blalok stepped forward and took his hand. "Remember what I said; you moved that chair. I am convinced of that." Then, very unexpectedly, he slapped David quite hard across the face.
"What was that for?" David rubbed his cheek, seemingly more dismayed than angry by the outburst.
"Remember? You were agitated. I am assisting you." Blalok lifted his hand again as though he would like to assist again.
Holding out both of his hands in defense, David laughed out loud. "Whoa, whoa up. I guarantee, I will be plenty agitated."
Evidently satisfied with his assessment, Blalok lowered his hand. "Good. Then let us get on with this before Isara is hurt, or killed."
David turned to say something to Alex before he left but was met squarely with Sartek's fist. This time, it wasn't an annoying tag as when Blalok smacked him. This time he was sent sprawling backward across the bridge floor onto his back. He struggled for a second to regain his feet and plunged at Sartek.
"Wait! David wait." Alex stepped in front of him.
"Just making sure about that agitation." Sartek grinned, brushing his hands together as though he would brush the human from him. "Besides, you need some special effects." He pointed at David's nose, now freely dripping blood. "Wow, that's a freaky color, by the way."
Smearing the back of his hand across his nose, indeed it made it look much worse in a very convincing way. He paused for a second, wiping the blood from his hand across the front of his T-shirt for added effect. "You've got a pretty good arm there, slick." He sniffed. "How do I look?"
Two aliens and a human nodded in unison.
"Like you're ready to teach him a big lessee!" Alex shouted. That was what she always called a moment like this-time to them em' a big lessee!
Sartek became much more serious. "Get her, David. Get Isara."
Seconds later, David shifted to the cavern floor. He materialized approximately thirty yards in front of the general. Staggering forward as though he was dazed or hurt, he even allowed himself to limp somewhat.
"Hello? Son?are you okay?" General Jacobs squinted as he was approached by the obviously human boy. The liberally smeared blood on David's face only made the situation all the more plausible.
"Help?" David gasped as he stepped closer to the general, one arm extended, the other dangling limp at his side. He dragged one leg, trying to mimic what he'd seen in every bad zombie movie.
At just about ten yards, the general dropped the pistol from Isara's head and took a small step toward the boy. It was at that precise second David lifted both of his hands and shoved the air in front of him, in the exact direction of the general's chest.
Backward, the general crashed, his pistol flying from his hand. He landed with a hard thud and a gasp and remained on the ground, not even trying to get up. It surprised even David how hard the man flew.
The two guards who'd taken station just inside the double sliding doors that Sartek and Alex came through earlier raised their rifles as though they would shoot David and Isara on the spot. Before they could even get a shot off, the silvery, oily shimmer engulfed the two children. The guards fired but it was too late, and the bullets ricocheted off the concrete floor, spending their lives elsewhere in the cavern.
As Isara materialized onboard the Cerulean Star, Sartek grabbed her, and hugged her close. Isara sobbed once, then struggled to regain some composure. "Bert?" She simply gestured toward the screen.
David, who was starting to get the hand of shifting, targeted Blalok. "You were supposed to leave me! I have to find Bert!"
"Negative," Blalok answered mildly. "You cannot wield that power if a Bettuan is not present. We haven't adequately tested the range of it, and Isara is in no condition to return with you." He said, almost too calmly, "As brilliant as you were, you are no match for them by yourself."
"You're not listening!" David insisted. "Leaving Bert isn't an option! We're a team, okay? If one loses, we all lose!"
"I'll go." Sartek extended his hand to David in the fashion he'd seen Blalok do earlier with Alex. "I'll go with you. We can free the Star and find Bert?together."
David was still breathless from the encounter with the general, more from adrenalin than fear, but stepped back toward the shifter platform. "Damn straight, we will."
"Wait!" Alex called. "We have to have a plan. Bert wouldn't like it if we didn't. Remember? He says only stupid people don't have plans."
Blalok pulled up a holographic image of the internal layout of the underground base. "I must agree." Spinning the image ninety degrees, he pointed. "Bert is here, in the infirmary."
"He's right," Isara said, massaging her wrists from where the restraints had rubbed them raw. "I can feel it. Bert's alive."
"Me, too," Alex chimed in. "Ever since we linked I have a feeling where we all are. It's like, weird!"
"Okay." David looked even more determined and studied the image carefully as though to make certain of Liberty's whereabouts. "I'm going back to get Bert."
"David, you can't! That's not a good plan!" She pleaded with him. "Chances are they'll just shoot you. And then they'll eventually send Bert back to The Home anyway."
"No, they won't," he countered. "Not if I can help it." He reached for the rifle that leaned against one of the hover chairs. "Bert's a domestic terrorist, and he's never gonna go free, Alex. As soon as they figure out he's an orphan, they'll have no need to spare him. I won't leave him to rot in some underground prison."
Sartek laid his hand on David's arm and gently removed the rifle. "You won't need that; I'm going with you."
"That is a better plan," E-I advised, almost too humanlike.
"You don't have to do that." David had reservations.
"Yeah, I do. Bert's my friend, too," Sartek explained, "This has nothing to do with you, well, almost nothing. It has everything to do with him. I feel like maybe I've known Bert my whole life. I only now just got to meet him."
David smiled. "Yeah. He does that to you, huh?"
Blalok prepared his controls to set David and Sartek down on the back side of the cavern, away from the massive entry doors that the ship had first been towed through.
Seconds later, two boys shifted to the cavern.



CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
?

In the few short minutes that Isara was back on the Star, the general ordered the vessel destroyed.
"You can't do that!" Bennett yelled outright. "These are intelligent life-forms!"
"And they just tried to kill me." General Jacobs grimaced as he stomped to the infirmary. His right arm was worthless, dislocated at the shoulder. He held it firmly against his abdomen, cradled with the left.
"You can't take that personal. I don't think that was its intent. I believe it was trying to rescue the female," she argued.
"What you think doesn't really matter to me right now!"
"Look, I know you're hurt, and maybe it's hard to have a perspective, but it was pretty obvious-"
Jacobs stopped briefly enough to tell her to, "Shut up!" But this didn't sway her and she persisted, trying to get the general to call off the order.
They continued on like this for a bit while the flight surgeon prepared to relocate the shoulder. The general drifted off to sleep in only a matter off seconds, and his shoulder was popped back into place almost as fast. It was all said and done, and his arm was immobilized in a sling, in less than ten minutes. It did, however, take Jacobs a few minutes longer to shake the effects of the anesthesia.
This was Bennett's only advantage, and she gratefully accepted it. Frustrated, and believing her best efforts were lost on the general, she went to find Liberty.

* * *

"I know you're aware of what they are-what they're doing here," she said flatly.
Lying back on the bed, still weak from the continual insults his fragile frame had endured for the last few hours, Liberty gazed at the scientist with his pale blue eyes.
"They're kids, and they're here because they had to be." He pushed himself up in bed and pulled the nasal cannula off, tossing it to the side. "They needed oxygen. That's something they have to replace at intervals. Their ship wasn't designed for long flight. They're lost, and they'll die without it." He gestured, both hands held feebly up. "So, to put it simply, they had no choice, and we've royally screwed them."
This seemed to set Bennett back not a small bit. She'd evidently gambled that Liberty knew something about the strange visitors, but obviously hadn't anticipated he would be as forthright as he was. "Why here?" she asked suspiciously.
"Why not?" Liberty didn't mean to snap at her and checked himself. "Sorry, it's just that I know how this goes. I know how it will play out." He appealed to her with utter honesty. "I'm not stupid. They came because we were their next stop-get it? And then when they saw us they made the mistake of thinking they should try to befriend us, a plan B, if you will. We've let them down in perfect homo-sapien fashion."
"It doesn't have to go poorly."
"You're a scientist. I know you are, and you know you're lying to yourself if you believe that," he countered. "Take the empirical evidence and analyze it. Then compound it with our history."
She shifted, walked over to the bed, and sat down next to Liberty.
Pulling his feet up, he rested his chin on his knees and regarded her passively.
"Bert, you're right. I am a scientist. And, I'm working with a group of the world's best scientists. They have only the best intentions-"
"I know the scientists you're working with. As a matter of fact, I play chess against one of them fairly regularly, online, though he doesn't know that it's me." He shrugged, and before she could say anything, he added, "All your good intentions and best efforts won't make any difference. I told you-I know how this will go."
"You're wrong, Bert. We'll reason with them. It's gonna work out; you'll see." Her voice did not carry the conviction of her statement.
"Excuse me, but I don't have time for this." Liberty didn't make any effort to further argue with her. Neither did he try to get up or leave the infirmary, and it wouldn't have mattered as the guards would have stopped him in his tracks. He simply appealed to her humanity. "I might look like a kid, but like I said, I'm not stupid. I know exactly what will happen here, and I need information if I'm going to stop it." He glanced up at the wall clock and then back at her. "If you really mean to help, then help me. If not, then leave me alone so I can think."
Bennett chewed her lip for a second as she carefully regarded the boy. "Bert, I really can't-I?"
When she seemed unable to assist, he asked abruptly, "Did they make it?"
"Who? What?"
"Did they make it back to the ship-Alex and Sartek?"
She hesitated for a few seconds. "The girl and the, uh??"
"Yeah, my friend and, well, I mean my two friends. Did they make it back to the ship?"
"Bert?" She seemed unsure of herself. "They were armed. They took hostages-two soldiers-and they had guns."
Considering this information carefully, he smiled. "Good."
She seemed surprised. "Good? You think that is good? Bert, that was an act of terrorism!"
He locked her with a dead stare. "How about we reconsider what this really is. Step outside of your role here, and think with your frontal cortex for a second." He wasn't meaning to be rude, was really very serious with his request. "We-and when I say we, I mean humans-took their ship, okay? We took it, stuck it in a cave, and will dismember it. And then, when we have dissected the complete essence of what it is, down to it's complete nonexistence, we will do the same to them!"
"And what exactly are they, Bert?"
He rethought his initial intuition, that Bennett might help him. "They're kind. Peaceful-more peaceful than humans, anyway. And now they're our prisoners, our lab rats, aren't they." It wasn't a question.
"They?" she paused, as though uncertain how to answer.
"But Alex and Sartek got on board? You saw them?" He shifted the narrative again.
She nodded.
"Good. Can you get me to the control center?"
This appeared to surprise her. "I?Bert, you're ill. The contamination."
"I lied."
Her eyes grew wide. Her mouth dropped open. "But the ring-the contamination?"
"I'm sorry. I had to say that. He wouldn't have let Isara go if I hadn't." He dismissed her concern, "I'm not proud of it, but you know it's true. I had no choice."
She fidgeted, readjusting herself on the bed, obviously uncomfortable with this new knowledge and the savvy of the boy in front of her. She finally agreed with him. "This isn't going to end well, Bert. You're right." She let her hands fall into her lap and shook her head in the direction of the door. "They are seriously pissed off." Beyond the plastic was the hazy figure of a guard.
"I know. That's why I need to get me to the control room."
"I can't do that. I'm your friend, Bert. Truly I am. But they have guns." She hiked a thumb at the guard.
Liberty looked around the room. "If you can't help me get out, can you get me a computer? Laptop, notebook, cell phone, anything with internet access and wifi."
Bennett glanced around again then surreptitiously slipped her hand beneath her lab coat into the pocket of her suit jacket. Pulling out a smartphone, she slipped it along the blanket to Liberty. "Password is Halley 1705."
"Hmm?year the comet was first discovered. Nice." He smiled to himself.
"Doesn't need a wi-fi password; I have roaming hotspot," she paused, and when he didn't reply, she prodded him. "You're smart, Bert?aren't you?"
He ignored her and continued working on the smartphone.
"I mean, you're really smart." She hesitated. "Did they contact you because-"
"Ms. Bennett, we haven't much time," he interrupted her. "I can do this with you sitting here, but it might incriminate you. I'd strongly suggest you leave. Oh, and just curious, how long before the general comes for me?"
"Your friend, the dark haired one? He did a little number on the general."
"Sartek? The Bettuan?"
"Bettuan? Is that what they are?" She buttoned her lab coat and stood up. "No, he was a human child-black hair, taller than you-came down from the ship when Jacobs took the female alien into the cavern at gunpoint."
"David?"
"Is that his name? Anyway, he approached the general. He seemed hurt, with blood on his face. When the general dropped his guard?" She paused, glancing away from him. "?the second he did, your friend just lifted his hands and sent the general flying. Nearly twenty-feet and against the wall. Dislocated his shoulder and shook him up pretty good. It's a miracle he wasn't hurt worse."
"Proximity to Isara."
"Huh?" she asked.
"Nothing. Never mind, but what happened then?"
"The alien female and David disappeared. Beamed up, I guess, but it opened up a shit storm, and there's not much time now. He will come for you."
Liberty palmed the phone, sweeping his finger across the screen to activate it. He'd never actually held a smartphone, but had read enough about the new Samsung to know exactly how to work it. At the same time he asked, "How long?"
She hemmed. "I don't know, but he ordered a strike, and he should be out of anesthesia pretty soon."
"A strike? You mean destroy the ship?"
"Yes." Her eyes were filled with apology.
Instead of panicking, Liberty went right to work. "If you'll excuse me now," he said, almost calmly.
"I'll stall him if I can," she offered.
He pulled himself away from his very urgent task just long enough to say, "Thank you." Liberty decided Ms. Bennet was an ally after all. This was a relief because, truthfully, he was running out of options.



CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
?

David and Sartek were busy. They'd shifted to the floor of the cavern, out of sight of the bay doors. From where they crouched, they could see the water saw, the arm of it pressed obscenely against the beginnings of a cut in the Star.
The winches that held the ship were massive with cable strung from the Star to the walls of the cave. There was no way to disable them directly; they were computer controlled, and the cleats that the cables were fastened to were also enormous and incredibly fortified.
"Can the Star just pull them out of the wall?" David asked.
"It'd be a mess, but yes, it can. Only, the ship has nowhere to go. The bay doors are still closed."
Now they were approaching the cutting machine, sneaking stealthily even though all personnel had now been evacuated from the cavern. What they didn't know was that the annihilation strike had already been ordered on them. A thermobaric device was, at that very moment, being brought into the base, and everyone of last minute, non-urgent status was being evacuated. The Cerulean Star was about to become an underground apocalyptic wasteland in the name of ignorance and humanity.
"I wonder where everybody went?" Sartek rose, as though finally aware the cavern was deserted.
David didn't answer. He was preoccupied.
Sartek turned just in time to see him drop his chin and shove both his hands toward the massive cutter. It was a bizarre picture, the gangly, twelve year old adolescent with all the potential in the world. He stood braced, his feet too large for his body, beautiful hands thrust out in front of him, dark hair falling over his eyes as he concentrated with everything he had.
For an instant, nothing happened. It was almost as though the effort needed to be primed, but then, sure as could be, the massive cutter groaned. It slowly teetered from its scaffolding and started to move back and forth on its stabilizing platform. Swaying only a small bit, it all of a sudden wrenched violently, shuddered, and launched as though a bomb exploded from beneath it.
Sartek and David were standing too close. Neither could have expected the force with which the cutter would be dislodged. The shrapnel that flew as the machinery cut loose hurled in every direction, and a piece struck Sartek cleanly across his temple. The blow twisted him, and he landed hard onto his side.
"You okay?" David was at his side immediately, even as the physical effects from using his gift washed miserably across him.
Sartek shook his head, obviously stunned by the blow. He pushed himself up onto one elbow, blinking as inky green Bettuan blood ran down and across his right eye. It ran steady, finally dripping from the ends of his dark strands of hair.
"We need to get you back on board."
"No." Sartek held his hand up. "No?just give me a moment. I'm okay." He struggled to focus on David. "We do this, all the way. Okay?" Reaching up with one hand, he smeared the blood from his eye. "No going back." He swept a second time at his eye, flinging the excess from his fingertips.
The blood was so dark, almost black, and David for an instant couldn't take his eyes from it. The wound pulsated slightly, small spurts of blood from Sartek's temple, and he knew that this meant it was arterial. The Bettuan wasn't small for his species or age, but nonetheless, he was only thirteen years old and an adolescent. Blood loss wasn't something he could compensate for indefinitely, and David was aware of this on some subconscious level.
"Sit up-let's get your head up." David reached out a hand and helped to pull him to a sitting position. He shed his shift suit in one slick move, then pulled his T-shirt off and ripped it up the seam. This was fairly easy to do because it was a favorite foster child hand me down and was worn beyond any practical purpose. It was also one of the first issued Hulk Hogan T-shirts and, had it been in better condition, would have been a score on E-Bay. Only now it was stained liberally with David's own blood, courtesy of the bloody nose Sartek had given him earlier aboard the Star.
The T-shirt tore easily, and in seconds David had a good handful of it and was holding pressure on the wound. His own dried blood mingled with the fresh from the alien. "Press here," he instructed. He remembered when the boy on the B league football team took a cleat to the face with similar results, and that's what the adults did. That seemed so long ago, and it wasn't long afterward that David ran out of money and resources. He could no longer pursue his own athletic gifts and had dropped out of sports altogether.
Sartek didn't reply, but pushed firmly against the makeshift dressing, staunching the blood flow as he'd been directed. Holding the rag against his temple, Sartek eyed his now half naked compadre and watched him stuff the remainder of the T-shirt into the waist of his pants. "You're mighty pale, you know."
Glancing down at his own bare midriff, David replied, "Me? I'm Italian! And this is a good tan. You should see Bert! He looks like he bathes in Clorox!"
There was no way Sartek could know what Clorox was, but the statement brought them both to wide grins. There was no disputing the fact that Liberty was so pale as to be almost clear. It also acutely reminded them of their immediate task. Their friend remained somewhere within the belly of the compound, and they still had no idea where. They were stuck within the cavern, and none the closer to escaping it.
"This way," David motioned, and they crawled, skirting under the bow of the Star. They were soon more able to visualize the enormity of the cavern, including the long runway on which the military had towed the Star in.
"We have to get those winches disabled and the bay doors open," Sartek observed as he pulled the rag off his forehead, gently touching the wound, checking to see if the bleeding was diminished.
David shook his head at him. "Not yet?here." He pulled the remainder of the T-shirt from his waist, tearing a longer strip to tie around Sartek's forehead. He wadded up a fresh piece of cloth and stuffed it under the headband. This applied more consistent pressure over the wound. "Okay?"
Sartek nodded.
They were squatting down behind an oversized supply crate, eyeing the main entry. Both were breathing hard.
Nothing?there was no one, not even a guard, posted inside.
"Let's try to find Bert first," David worried out loud. "He'll be able to get the bay doors open if we can get him to the control center." Of this he had no doubt, but what he was really thinking was that he hoped Liberty was all right. He was seriously worried that his friend had been subjected to interrogation. He was also convinced that Bert would not fare well with it. If they hurt him, I'll?
This thought didn't capture him for very long at all as the massive doors cranked open at just that moment. David's jaw dropped. Strapped to the bed of a ballistic missile carrier was a MOAB warhead with a detonation device attached. A semi truck, with armed escort, rolled to just inside the bay.
The two boys crouched down further, out of sight of the escort. Soldiers scanned the cavern, the noses of their rifles swinging ominously to and fro, but they were evidently unaware the two kids were hidden so close by.
The truck stalled and the driver jumped from one side of the vehicle. General Jacobs jumped from the other side, one arm in a sling, an assault rifle lying across the other one.
"Hey, that's the guy I shoved," David whispered, still hunkered down behind the supply crates.
The general and driver walked along the long bed of the bomb. Jacobs handed his rifle to the driver and ran his good hand over the exterior of the bomb. He smacked the smooth surface of it, glancing back only once before exiting the room with the armed escort. The doors whooshed shut and from a distance a flashing red light could be seen. It wasn't hard to figure out that it was counting down time.
Sartek stood up slowly from behind the supply crate. From his hand a shred of David's dark stained T-shirt slipped to the floor. "That's a bomb," he said simply.
"Crap, that's not just a bomb, that's a big-ass bomb!" David was incredulous. "This is insane! There's no way they're gonna blow this base up! Right? They can't!"
Behind the glass observatory windows of the control center, what was left of the personnel could be seen hustling frantically from the rooms.
Both boys were standing in plain view now. There was no reason not to be. A look of horror came slowly over Sartek's face. "They're going to blow the Star up." He was aghast-took a staggering step toward the weapon.
"Sartek, don't, wait a minute!" David reached for his friend's arm. "We need to figure out what to do!"
"With what? That bomb? What are we going to do about a bomb, David? What? Answer me that!" His voice choked and he visibly staggered. David couldn't be sure if it was from the head trauma, the horrible turn of events, or both.
"Bert-that's what we do. We need to find him." David didn't even hesitate. "He's our only chance. He'll know how to get us out of this."
Sartek seemed to give this only a second's worth of consideration and agreed wholeheartedly. "You're right. Let's go; let's find him!"
Back aboard the ship, Blalok was very busy. "Analyze," he demanded of E-I.
Even though E-I was no longer able to go active with web analysis of the military's covert information data base, it was able to screen already uploaded files. It wasn't long before the computer explained that MOAB was short for Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb. It was a thirty foot long piece of warhead that was the equivalent of a massive warhead nuclear bomb, without the radiation.
"Can they seriously think it would be okay to blow the Cerulean Star up in this cave?" Alex was obviously horrified by the thought.
"If they perceive us as that much of a threat, I suppose." Blalok faced Alex and Isara. "And it makes sense. If they think we're mounting an attack of our own, what better place to be proactive than underground. Instant burial, minimal collateral damage, and if they do it right, almost no public scrutiny."
"They would have to evacuate the mine and the base," Isara added.
"Hypothetically, yes," E-I said, "However, human history has many examples of acceptable fatality. Even the personnel in the mine might be considered reasonable loss, comparatively."
"Shut up already!" Alex exclaimed. "We need Bert."
"It would seem Sartek and David agree," Blalok indicated.
They all directed their attention to the forward screen. Two boys could be seen running toward the bomb and the cavern double bay doors beyond it.
Isara squinted at the screen. "Sartek's hurt."

*  *  *

The boys approached the bomb. David ran his hand along the sleek body of the enormous weapon. The cool, slick, glossy surface seemed ridiculously out of context with the weapon's ultimate destiny. It was beautifully detailed. If it did what it was supposed to do, the elegant orange body with the black pin-stripes would be destroyed along with it. "What is wrong with people," he muttered to himself.
"What?"
"Oh, nothing?I was just thinking how it seems that more people are assholes than not. Makes it hard to believe in humanity, I guess."
"Well, if it's any consolation, that hasn't been my experience at all."
David was genuinely surprised, and glanced over his shoulder at Sartek. "How do you mean? Look what we've done. You're in a boat-load of trouble; we did this to you guys, and a happy ending isn't looking like it's in the cards."
"Not you, David-you didn't do this." He waved his arms around the cavern. "The military and government of a world that still has much to fear did this."
"You're not making any sense."
"Think about it. That's what Blalok is always trying to get us to realize. Look what the three of you have done. You've laid everything on the line, including your own lives, to help us try to escape."
"Yeah?"
"Well, if we do," Sartek continued, "that's awesome for us; we're free to leave and continue to search for a way home, but where does that leave you?"
David didn't say anything, only rested his forehead on the smooth surface of the edge of the flat-bed that cradled of the bomb. It was too much for him to even consider yet.
"What you've done is?it's more Bettuan than anything I've ever seen," Sartek admitted.
Spinning around, David countered, "It's not so great, Sartek! It's-it's?" He was overwhelmed with how kind the alien was being, even as humans were about to blow up his ship. "There wasn't anything else we could do. It was the only right thing to do."
"You could have walked away." The alien looked back at the Star, at the horror of the devastation that was upon the shields and the jagged cut across the smooth throat of the Vasteen skeleton beneath. It looked as though it was ravaged by a terrible illness, and he pulled his eyes away from it.
"No, I couldn't-and neither could Alex or Bert. And now he's somewhere stuck in this place, and we gotta find him." David gestured nonspecifically with his hands overhead.
"That's what I'm trying to tell you. On my planet, we've been at war for over ten thousand years. It's destroyed two planets along with countless lives, and only now are we able to put this into perspective. I know about cruelty, David. Our planet has thrown its hand into a good share of it, but nowhere, in anything about my own history, have I ever heard of anyone as amazing as the three of you have been to us. And we're not family. We're not even the same species."
"But we're friends-more family than anybody I have, except Bert and Alex." David was moved by what Sartek was trying to say. He tried to shrug away some of the burden of what the alien was obviously carrying. "Hey, I'd rather do this any day than sit another day at The Home." His concern for Liberty was paramount, but he tried to sound more lighthearted. "Besides, I got this awesome superpower to play with now. What's say we see if we can get these doors open?"
Sartek smiled, nodded, looking very much Rambo-esque with his bloodied rag headband. It prompted a slow grin from David.
He turned to face the massive doors, side by side with his friend.



CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
?

The base was close to being evacuated as was the mine. Personnel streamed from the gaping, underground entry of Hutchinson like ants swarming from an ant hill. They'd all heard the alarm, and the alert was out. The massive device, MOAB, was going to be detonated below the surface of the base, and hopefully it would carry with it enough destruction to obliterate the deadly virus that the species and their ship carried. Never mind the technology, never mind the social, political, and even religious ramifications of their find. The vessel would be destroyed along with any possible horror it contained. Then the coverup could begin.
Liberty remained in the isolation room while they prepared him for evacuation as well. He would be transported to the Munson Army hospital in Fort Leavenworth, and kept in an isolette. There he would be studied and allowed to die the death they now believed would eventually take him.
Having nowhere on himself to hide Bennett's cell-phone, he crushed it to bits under the metal toilet seat lid and flushed the fragments away. When they came for him, he crawled, at gun-point, into the military issue medical isolation unit, or "Bubble Bunker" as they called it, for evacuation.
Liberty wasn't surprised at all that this was how it was going down. It broke his heart that they'd shunned and turned away from the most amazing discovery mankind had ever encountered, but it didn't surprise him. He'd hoped for a peaceful end to it, but wasn't surprised at all that it was not to be. Humanity was intellectually unprepared for what the Cerulean Star presented them with. It would cause a power struggle, war, death, catastrophe, and in the end the Star and the three amazing individuals aboard her would be lost forever. Earth was simply not ready.
Shaking his head, he briefly considered humanity's conception of an alien species. Laughing sadly to himself, he knew that if he Google searched the word "alien" and viewed images-and he'd done this before-that all he would see were ugly and devastatingly horrific images, all ready to destroy humankind in cruel and inhuman ways.
He scrunched his eyes tightly and willed these images from his mind, replacing them with the memory of Sartek and Isara laughing at television and enjoying ice-cream. I'm so sorry, he thought to himself as he crawled into the isolation chamber.
The soldier wearing the Hazmat suit sealed the isolette bubble, and Liberty, still in his Superman briefs and oversized hospital gown, was taken from the room on a trolley cart.
"You can't do this!" Bennett argued. "I'm telling you he lied to you-to protect the aliens! There is no contamination; there is no virus! He said that only to get you to return that alien child to her ship."
"That is not my observation, and your opinion is no longer of value to military intelligence!" the general yelled at her. "Do I make myself clear? Whatever that?that thing was that attacked me, it wasn't a human boy! Do you fucking get that?"
"I-I?" she stammered, unable to explain what had happened to Jacobs when the dark haired child named David had approached him in the cavern, slamming him ass over tea-kettle.
General Jacobs gave her no time to respond. Instead, he'd turned on his heel and continued to order further deployment of the bomb, even personally driving into the cavern with it.
MOAB stood for "mother of all bombs," and it was considered the most powerful non-nuclear weapon of its time, but had never been deployed either offensively or defensively. As a matter of fact, it had only been tested twice, and Jacobs was present for both. Now one of them lay inside the cavern, all twenty-one thousand pounds of it, with a very civil detonation device strapped to it and calibrated to a timer.
In approximately forty five minutes, MOAB would turn Hutchinson underground base, and the Hutchinson salt mine?to dust.
Above ground, there wasn't anything in significant proximity to the air base. It had been initially zoned in a very secluded area south of the city proper, and so evacuation was fairly limited to base personnel. Nevertheless, the town had also been alerted that there may be a "drill" and to expect possible seismic activity.
The situation was militarily considered an FPCON Delta alert, which meant that an actual terrorist attack was taking place, and after the nine eleven attack on New York City-the last FPCON Delta alert-military personnel took it very seriously. The base was nearly empty, with the exception of key personnel, within the half-hour.

* * *

Back in the cavern, David was exhausted and feeling very ill. He'd tried on multiple attempts to open the huge sliding doors but was unsuccessful. That is not to say his efforts had gone unnoticed. The massive iron doors now carried several impressive dents on them, but they held fast. David sat with his head hanging, after throwing up for the third time. "Nothin' left-just got the dry heaves." He tried to sound lighthearted and wiped his lips with the back of his hand.
They'd even attempted to smash in the windows at one point, thinking that if they could gain access to the control room that they might be able to open the doors, but the impact simply bounced back as though off a rubber wall-the safety glass had been much too thick.

* * *

Back on the bridge of the ship, Alex was agitated. "Don't you have a weapon or something that can blast through this?" she asked Blalok.
"Negative," he'd replied. "We do not carry anything capable of inflicting offensive damage or harm."
"Well, for Hell's sake! What about that cutter thingy? The one they were using on the Star-can we use that and cut through the door?"
"It's possible, except that I believe David has decommissioned it," Blalok replied. "Even if we could get it working again, I think it would likely be too late-not enough time." Chances were, he felt just as awful about the situation, but honesty was inbred with him.
It was fairly easy for him to coordinate with the countdown mechanism on the MOAB. Straightforward military time, it was scheduled to count down in hours, minutes, and seconds. In approximately forty minutes, the bomb would detonate. "Nope," Blalok confirmed, glancing up at her. "Not enough time." He could not lie, and mumbled his apology.
"That's not good enough! I'm going down. Send me down, now!"
"I can't do that. If we're to survive this blast, the best odds are onboard the Star. As a matter of fact, I will be bringing David and Sartek back aboard very shortly."
"E-I," Alex commanded out loud. "What kind of bomb is that?"
"It is a GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast-a large yield conventional bomb designed to-"
"Can the Star survive it at this range?" she interrupted the computer.
For the first time ever, E-I hesitated. It finally answered, "Ordinarily, at atmospheric conditions, the Cerulean Star would survive the exterior impact of the device. However, considering the erosion of our external shields and the confined surroundings of the Cerulean Star within the cave, and given the proximity to the device, survival of the vessel with acceptable recoverability is zero point zero zero zero one seven percent. Odds for survival of crew members?zero." The computer did not say this without a sorrowful inflection to its voice.
Stunned silence settled over the kids like a wet blanket.
Isara cried, "So we're just supposed to all get back on board and hope for that ridiculous statistic to be somehow wrong?"
"Let me go down. Maybe I can do something-short it out or something; you know, help David and Sartek." Alex was feeling the fingers of desperation reach for her.
Blalok was reeling from the information E-I had given them and asked the computer, "Advise?please."
The computer then did something it had never done before; it answered Blalok in a very mortal way and called the smallest alien by name. "Blalok, we have lost our connection to a more suitable outcome, namely the human named Liberty. Bring David and Sartek back aboard, go to your sleep quarters, and inhabit stasis."
This statement was so appallingly compassionate, so devoid of struggle, that it fell upon them all in a hideously suffocating way. Alex and Isara were both stunned beyond words.
"He's right, you know," Blalok finally conceded. "If we are going to die, this would be a painless and calm way to go."
"That's not going to happen!" Alex was furious. "First of all, if we're going to die, we're dying together and fighting to the last breath?you got that? You got that E-I!" she screamed to the faceless entity overhead.
"I agree," Isara added almost immediately. "We cannot give up, even to the end. We need to go through this together. Blalok, bring them back onboard."
Seconds later, Sartek and David, were back aboard the Star, both battered and exhausted. David refused to give up. "Beam me into the control center!"
"I can't," Isara explained. You can't shift through a solid object beyond the Star unless it's another vessel with the same capability. It must be air to air only."
"What? Like I might not go back together right?"
"No, it's not like that. You aren't de-assembled and then re-assembled-you are simply slid from this dimension to another, and then back. All dimensions have barriers," Blalok explained.
They were now out of options, exhausted, and emotionally spent. The situation was dire, and there was no obvious avenue to explore. One by one, they each succumbed to the moment, and gathered around each other?to wait.

* * *

The minutes continued to tick down. By now, the base was well on its way to being operationally vacated. All personnel were within a considerable safe distance, and a temporary control tower was set up to monitor the explosion, including video feed of the ship within the cavern.
The lovely starship and its young crew were now abandoned and would soon be reduced to dust.
The science crew and military leaders had all visualized David trying to smash the door. It would have been next to impossible to break through. Even a tank mortar wouldn't have been able to penetrate the RHA steel doors. Even so, the dents left on them by the humanoid child were impressive. It lent them all to believe that David was, in fact, not human.
There were hushed gasps as they observed the two figures eventually disappear into an oily shimmer, evidently back aboard the vessel.
By now, Liberty was also well off the base and in transport to the military hospital. With just over ten minutes until detonation, the medical unit at the hospital already had word of the incoming medivac helicopter carrying the contaminated child. From beneath the surface of the base, however, E-I was unable to determine this. Now, there was now no human life left within the base except for those aboard the Star. Evacuation had been that swift and complete.

* * *

On board the ship, the kids knew they were fast running out of time. In just over four minutes, the bomb would detonate, and the Cerulean Star and her passengers would be no more. While the minutes ticked away, the children convened closer together, sitting in a circle on foredeck of the bridge, all of them watching the massive screen.
"I can't watch any more," Isara turned her head into Sartek's shoulder.
Blalok was the only one who sat with his hands even now on his precious controls.
"Me either," Alex said, her chin dropping to her chest, a tear running down her cheek. "I hope Bert made it out."
David reached an arm around her and squeezed her tight. "Bet he did. And?" He struggled with his words, unable to finish his sentence. Finally, just hugged her again.
Then?something extraordinary happened.



CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
?

"Merry Fucking Christmas!" The image of the words flashed across every monitor, screen, and console in the remote observation bunker, even those critically displaying the fate of the Cerulean Star. Along with the image played a booming rendition of Three Doors Down Kryptonite.
Blank faces looked around the room to see if everyone was experiencing the same phenomenon. "Is this some kind of a joke?" Taylor yelled and reached over the shoulder of a technician. He stabbed at a keyboard in an effort to disable the blaring music, but there was a system override in place.
As the words scrolled happily back and forth across the screens in a cheerful, bouncing style, another image joined them. It was that of a very unusual teenage boy. He was, perhaps, fifteen years old, slight of build, with short blondish brown hair and the sparkling white eyes of youth. He was crunk dancing, and his oversized jeans sagged enough to display Down With The Man printed in Sharpie across the back waistband of his boxer shorts.
"What the fuck is that?" demanded General Jacobs.
"I'm not sure, sir, but I think we're about to find out," Bennett replied. Her face was very somber but her eyes danced with joy. What she was silently thinking to herself was, Way to go, Liberty. Suddenly, she didn't miss her smartphone at all.

* * *

On board the Cerulean Star, the same image of the dancing youth flashed across the magnificent front screen on the bridge. The children had never seen him before, but below the image of the teen flashed the simple words, "Time to bounce, kids."
"Who's that?" Sartek asked the question for everyone.
Alex leapt to her feet. "It has to be Vole! You know, Bert's friend! The one he messaged in the school library!"
Seconds later, behind the dancing youth on the screen, the winches that tethered the Cerulean Star kicked dramatically into reverse and suddenly fed slack to the cables that held the ravaged ship. The sudden lack of tension caused the tethers to pop entirely loose from the Star and slide from her surface, crashing to the cement floor in tangled heaps of coiled steel. The ship pitched slightly as this happened, indicating that it was truly free.
"Holy crap!" David exclaimed
Blalok leapt into action, bringing the Star from hibernation into active flight mode. The feeble remnants of her shell glowed fiercely, and the Vasteen frame came to life with a brilliance all its own.
"How do we get out?" Sartek jumped to the controls as well, but just then, beyond the massive MOAB bomb, the bay doors slid open. Vole had evidently taken care of that detail as well, hacking and overriding the military's base's complex computer system.
The only remaining obstacle to their escape, sitting between them and the open doors, was the semi trailer with the MOAB bomb. The red digital readout of the countdown ominously continued.
"We gotta move that bomb!" David yelled.
"I got this," Alex jumped up and hopped onto the advancement portal without a suit.
"No!" Isara started to say.
David stopped her. "Yes, Isara. She can do this; I've seen her do it before."
"It's our only chance." Alex smiled nervously. "Just like train-hopping-piece of cake."
Isara looked worried, unconvinced. "Alex-"
"Don't! Just?just don't. We'll pick up that thought when I get back." She tried to smile, but her lips trembled. Seconds later, a small human girl materialized onto the tarmac, right next to the MOAB bomb. She sprinted for the truck cab and clambered up the steep steps into the semi's cab, fumbling around for the keys. No go.
"Asshole," she muttered, convinced the general had pocketed them.
Mashing the clutch, she made sure the gear shift was in neutral before flopping down onto her side on the bench seat. Shoving her hand into her pocket, her fingers curled around her swiss army knife. "Thanks, Jimmy," she murmured as she flipped out the short blade of the knife.
Reaching behind the dash, she fished around before finally securing what she was looking for. She blindly swept the blade across the four wires, pulling them down and out so that she could see them better.
"Shit! Shit!" she said out loud as one of the wires slipped from her fingers. Reaching again, she found it again and finally had the four wires held firmly in both hands. "Battery hot?ignition?accessory?starter," she muttered out loud as she stripped a half inch of plastic off the ends of the four wires, one at a time. Reaching up, she flipped the in dash CD player switch on.
"Now, which one is which," she wondered out loud as she quickly twisted two of the wires together.
Johnny Paycheck blared from the player. I turned out to be the only hell my mama ever raised!
"Oh hell, no," Alex said on two counts. First, she never did appreciate the twangy country music that dominated Kansas' radio stations and second, the wires were wrong.
Reaching back up, she flipped off the volume before untwisting the two wires. Abandoning one of them, she then twisted two more together. "Okay?please God," she murmured and touched a third wire to the two already twisted ones. Even though she expected it, the tiny spark that resulted startled her, making her jump, and the engine spat and died.
"Yes!" she exclaimed and sat up, making her task easier. This time she steeled herself and held the third wire firmly against the two twisted ones, even as it sparked. The starter cranked and the still warm diesel engine roared to life.
She slid her butt to the edge of the seat so that she could reach the pedals. She wasn't familiar with the parking brakes, pushing first on one pedal and then the other, but they failed to release.
"Shit," she muttered out loud, then stomped both of her feet onto both pedals at the same time, pressing hard in her frustration. That was the number, and the brake released with a jerk. "Yes!" she screamed triumphantly, for the second time.
Mashing on the clutch, she slid the shifter into first gear, then eased up on the clutch. It lurched and immediately died. "C'mon, Alex," she urged herself, "You can do this."
Many years before, as a foster child, Alex had been forced to drive a drunken foster dad home from the bar. After spending countless evenings sleeping on the bench seat of the Dodge diesel, the man would finally stumble from the bar and slap the roof of the truck cab to waken her. Then, she would drive him home.
Now, she touched the single wire to the other two again, and the engine roared to life once more.
This time, she put the truck into second gear before easing out on the clutch. It crept forward one inch and then another. As soon as the rig engaged the hitch of the cradle trailer that was carrying the MOAB, it jerked slightly under the immense weight of it, but remained running, settling into its load as it continued to ease forward.
The steering wheel was heavy and slick. Alex two handed it as she turned the rig first to the right and then the left, maneuvering the bomb away from the double door entry enough that the Cerulean Star might make her escape.
With only forty-two seconds until detonation, Alex mashed the brakes of the semi, allowing it to stall and die, its deadly payload out of the way of the exit. She leapt from the cab and motioned to the ship, swinging both arms overhead toward the bay doors, indicating they should leave immediately. As she did, the Vasteen framework of the ship glowed so brilliantly she could barely look at it.
A rumble, like a gearing up, threatened to shatter her ear drums. Throwing her hands over her ears, she turned her face aside and closed her eyes, sobbing a single cry as she was shifted back aboard the Star.
Now, with only just under thirty seconds to go, the ship powered up even more, glowing a brilliant mottled pattern of Vasteen orange and helium shield blue, and with a roar, swept from the cavern.
There was no way the Star would make the flight from the underground cavern on auto pilot. They were nearly two miles down, and the ship would not negotiate the path with time to spare.
"Override!" Blalok ordered and pounded the navigation console. He would not use the automatic space sensors for this flight. The computer would have interpreted the narrow flight path as too technically dangerous and would have maintained a more conservative speed. There just wouldn't be enough time.
The navigation computer complied, shifting into manual mode, and the smallest Bettuan piloted the ship, sending it careening dangerously fast through the tunnels.
Its path was treacherous as the Star sailed from the belly of Hutchinson underground base. Each door, on every level had been opened by Vole. It allowed a relatively obstacle free tunnel for the Star to navigate through. Even so, it was spectacularly perilous!
The ship flew with elegance and rough precision, gaining speed as she went. On several occasions, the hull came precariously close to the walls of the tunnel. What was left of the shields tore massive chunks of concrete away from the wall in sprays of dust, rebar, and gravel.
Up, up, up the enormous underground passage the Cerulean Star soared. The children clutched at each other as Blalok worked his magic. There was an awful sound, inadequate shield against raw material as the beautiful little ship struggled, trying to reach the surface.
As the seconds counted down-five, four, three, two-five children let out a scream in unison. Then, the bomb exploded?

*  *  *

"What the fuck happened?" General Jacobs demanded again, absolutely insane with fury.
Behind him, Private Prince, from the commissary, gave a fist pump and worded a silent, "Yes!"
Vole was still dancing across the monitor screens. Behind him was the clear image of the flash of fire out the entrance of the base. The sensors were restored enough for all to hear the explosion, a massive boom, and the surface of the ground above the underground compound heaved as though a giant had shoveled it up and dropped it again. Then a dust and debris storm shot in a vortex from the mouth of what was left of the entry. The earth was so impressively lifted and resettled that it left a perfect, dusty mushroom cloud in its wake.
The image of Vole stopped dancing, faced them seriously, and crossed his arms. With the first two fingers of his right hand he reached up and touched his temple, lazily saluting everyone, then turned and walked away, fading into the dust storm as he did.
Replacing "Merry Fucking Christmas," new words appeared. "Keep it chill?assholes,"and then Vole disappeared, the screens went blank, and the complex's mainframe crashed.
"It's Vole, sir."
"Who?
"Vole," explained the computer specialist who'd been summoned with the science team when the Internal Security Risk level had been switched to red. "He's security risk AKE red 78.
"What the fuck does that mean?" Jacobs was utterly without humor.
"It means there is no way to mitigate his security risk. He is considered beyond critical. He's been off the radar for twelve months, sir. I guess he's back." The specialist was obviously impressed, and struggled to wipe the grin from his face when the general turned to face him.



CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
?

The military air ambulance arrived at the secure army medical base within the hour. As the bubble bunker was eased from the helicopter and secured on a gurney, Liberty wept. Silent tears streamed from the corners of his eyes, dripping to the rubber pillow beneath his head. He was exhausted, ill, and, most critically, no longer sensed the presence of his friends.
Liberty didn't know what the outcome had been at the underground base-no one knew. The explosion was monstrous, destroying not only the entire base but the Lyons salt mine as well. Where military installation had once existed above the mine now coursed the underground aquifer, sweeping all remnants of the terrible catastrophe away in a network of subterranean rivers.
He didn't know the fate of the Star and those aboard it. He asked-begged for information, but was declined an explanation of any sort. And so, naturally, he imagined the worst. Before long, he was the only patient in a maximum security ward on the fifth floor of the hospital, complete with armed guards at the door. Actually, this wasn't entirely true. There was a terrorist suspect on another wing-an adult male-but this man was quickly evacuated as Liberty was considered the higher priority risk.
He was terribly alone.
As the nurse hooked him up to the monitors, she gazed from behind her isolation hood at the frail child that was commanding so much fear and attention. She shook her head and said, "I'm Jessee, Liberty. I'm going to take care of you."
"Bert," he whispered. "My name's Bert," and closed his eyes.
"Okay, Bert. You're going to be all right now. I'm just getting you hooked up to some monitors," she explained.
Liberty said nothing, but before he could object, he felt the scissors unexpectedly slice the fishing string ring from his middle finger.
"There, that's gotta feel better," the nurse smiled sweetly tossing the fragments into the bedside trashcan. And with that one gesture, Liberty was broken.
The tests started the next day. They began with bio-physiology testing, chem screens, tissue biopsies, MRI's, and scores of x-rays, EKG's, and ultrasounds. All personnel wore maximum protection hazmat suits.
Most of the time, Liberty simply tolerated the personal invasions, numbly mute and resigned to his fate. Sometimes, it was too much, and when that happened, they thought he'd lost his mind. Then the sedatives were infused. The Bard infusers would trickle oblivion into his veins, and he would check out for a while. It was at those times that he would sink into merciful catatonia, and then he would have strange dreams. Sometime he would be burying his parents, sometimes it would be his friends aboard the Star. Once, it was Goo.
Eventually, however, he'd be roused again, and the pain of not knowing would return-the cycle starting all over again. Still, no one would or could offer an explanation. Eventually, he stopped asking.
He remained there in the hospital for nearly three months, in maximum security. After countless tests and procedures, humanity's best physicians finally determined that Liberty was neither infected nor dying. 
What they discovered, instead, was that they were harboring a fragile and incredibly bright twelve year old child with fairly severe asthma and brittle juvenile diabetes. He was determined to be in the fifth percentile for height and weight, and in the ninety-nine point nine seven percentile of IQ testing-all known IQ testing.
Repeatedly they drilled Liberty about what happened to him and the other two children. He confirmed that he, Alex, and David were taken by the aliens. He would never again confirm the statement he'd made to Miss Bennett, that the aliens were, in fact, children come to harvest oxygen. 
Instead, he maintained that perhaps the aliens made him say things with mind control tactics to get him to appeal to Miss Bennett for assistance. He also confessed that proximity to the aliens seemed to allow him and his friends to do things that they might not ordinarily be capable of doing.
Finally, one day, Ms. Bennett visited him.
Liberty was lying on his side, the sun coming through the window in a late afternoon slant against his frail frame as he rested with his eyes closed. The all of him was as white as the sheet he lay under. She was just about to turn and leave when he murmured, "I'm not sleeping."
Hesitating, she turned back around and approached his bed.
Liberty flipped over onto his back but didn't sit up, only pulled the hospital blanket farther up his chest, staring at her over his clenched fists.
The effect was immediately endearing and she smiled, taking a seat by his bed.
"They wouldn't let me see you-said they'd traced contact with someone named Vole from my phone records. I'm being investigated for espionage, but that appears to be all they can muster up against me." Bennett glanced at the ceiling corner camera as though to say, We are being monitored, Liberty. Speak carefully.
"I see." He nodded imperceptibly and said in a stronger voice, "I'm so sorry I stole your phone; that was terribly rude of me. I think the aliens made me do it."
She understood immediately what Liberty was doing, that he was trying to exonerate her from blame, and brushed the issue aside with a sweep of her hand and a soft laugh. "Oh, Bert, it's okay. You did what you thought you needed to do, I suppose."
"And the ship?"
"Gone-destroyed. They buried it?what's left of it, beneath Hutchinson. Oh, you might be interested to know that the people who live there, in Reno County Kansas, experienced the largest earthquake on record. No casualties though."
"So they are all dead?the aliens, I mean?" Liberty didn't ask about Alex and David; he knew they'd gotten aboard and their fates would simply be the same.
"Yes," she murmured. "I'm so sorry."
Liberty was devastated. He swallowed thickly, tears welling up. Pulling his glasses off, he tossed them onto the blanket between his knees and wiped at his eyes with the corner of the sheet.
As though to lighten the situation, Bennett changed the subject. "I can't stay long-my nephew is coming in from Switzerland to visit me."
This gained only the smallest amount of attention from Liberty. "That's nice."
"Yes, he's about your age-Elov is his name."
Liberty stopped crying immediately, listened, but said nothing. His eyes were frozen on Bennett.
"He's into physics and computers. Loves model rockets."
"So do I," Liberty said truthfully.
"Gets himself into trouble sometimes, though. He just launched a big one. Huge success he thinks."
"He shoulda' had passengers on it. You know, like lab mice or something, to see if he could do it safely. That would've been the best test." This was the most communicative Liberty had been in days.
Bennett rose from her chair. "He did."
"And?" Liberty's eyes pleaded.
"No one really knows. He never found it-lost it, I suppose. But whose to say they didn't." Her eyes softened as she turned to leave.
He was stunned.
She leaned against his bedside. "Good luck, Bert. I think you can put this behind you now."
"Thank?" Liberty choked on his words. "Thank you, miss?" He'd never known her first name.
"Debra, and don't mention it." Bennett walked to the door and hesitated, glancing back over her shoulder. "Bert, I want you to know, I've never met anyone like you. You're going to do amazing things."
Liberty said nothing and Bennett waved bye and left.
This brought the first smile to Liberty's face since he'd been admitted to the hospital. Vole, or Elov, had come through after all. Who's to say if they made it or not! He pulled the blanket all the way over his head and cried tears of joy.
After his visit from Bennett, the onslaught of psychiatric evaluations continued. The tests were ridiculous, really. There was, literally, no psychiatrist talented enough to properly evaluate someone as brilliant as Liberty was. He played them supremely, not because he considered it a game, but to spare collateral damage to Debra or Vole. He also manipulated them brilliantly, all in an effort to optimize his chance for freedom. He would dully answer the questions in just the fashion that might be expected of a twelve year old boy. Ultimately, he was released?under observation.
When he was at long last returned to The Home in late October, he was thoroughly exhausted and considerably depressed. It was one thing to believe the Cerulean Star might have made it, but entirely another to not really know.
As he stepped from the black government issue Cadillac, a military escort stepped from it as well, and the two men approached the house with the fragile shell of a boy between them. Roxy stepped onto the front porch and squinted through the screen at the approaching trio before pinching out her cigarette. The ash drifted to the floor, and she tossed the remainder of the butt into her front shirt pocket.
"Well, ain't you a mess," she spoke first to Liberty, then to the officers. "So he's back. Any sign of them other two?"
The major motioned for her to move inside. "There are some things we will need to go over with you ma'am. If we can just step into the house?" All four of them went to the kitchen where Roxy and the major sat down at the table.
"Do I need to be here?" Liberty wondered out loud.
"No, son-you can go. But don't leave the house, please." The major had grown sweetly accustomed to the strange little boy over the past several months, having been assigned to his security detail. He'd developed a familiar kindness born of true likability for the frail child with the obnoxiously awesome hair.
Liberty nodded and climbed the two flights of stairs to the attic. The climb seemed somehow longer to him, and he was nearly breathless when he finally topped the landing. The door was about two inches ajar, and he swung his small duffel to open it.
Nothing-absolutely nothing, was changed. Even their bunk beds were yet unmade from the last time they'd piled out of them, and one side of the sheet fort was still tucked under the edge of the Alex's top bunk mattress. He dropped his backpack to the floor and swallowed thickly.
Walking over to his bed, he was too exhausted to think about his friends and too lonely to consider how it would be without them. It was no lie that he genuinely hoped they'd escaped Hutchinson and The Home, but he lacked the will to go on without his dearest friends. And now it was terribly bittersweet to be amongst the relics of their past.
For just a second, he wished Debra Bennett had taken him with her.
Turning around, Liberty sat down on the edge of his bed. His chest felt suddenly tight, and he wept again. The last time he'd been this low was when he'd awakened from the accident, when he'd realized his parents were gone. Today was just as then; it was almost more than he could bear.
He sagged onto his elbow and eased himself down onto the flat mattress, curling his knees up under his chin as he closed his eyes. Tears ran silently and dripped to the thin pillow with the Power Girl's pillowcase. Just go to sleep. Go to sleep, forever, he thought to himself and hugged his knees even tighter.
Liberty was for the second time in his life "disappearing" as Alex had called it.
Then?something stirred at his feet-a wiggle, and then another one.
Liberty's eyes flew open.
Beneath the sheet of his bed, something long and tubular wriggled, working its way to the head of the bed. A few seconds later, a very appreciative wiener dog stuck its gaunt face out from under the sheet and crawled up against the chest of his human.
"Oh, Goo! Goo! Oh God, I'm so glad to see you!" He hugged the little dog so tightly, laughing and sobbing at the same time. "Oh, you're so skinny! Didn't they feed you? Of course they didn't!" Liberty sat up, cradling the thin dog in his arms like a baby.
Goo smiled wide, ecstatic to seeing his master at long last.
"Who's a good dog? Who's a good dog? Goo's a good dog!" Liberty rolled onto the floor and Goo ran circles around him, tail wagging, face-licking him, jumping onto him. It was a perfect reunion that ended with a small boy clutching his dog and weeping tears of joy.
A short while later, hopping two steps at a time, Liberty ran to the kitchen. Ignoring the adults at the kitchen table, he pulled the fridge door open.
"You could'a fed my dog while I was gone," he muttered aloud as he searched the refrigerator. Settling on a half spent package of hotdogs and three slices of American cheese, he grabbed the spoils and ran back up the stairs to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him.
He made a blanket nest in the middle of the floor, in the afternoon sunbeam, using Alex's and David's pillows as well as his own. Settling into the nest with Goo, he watched the late afternoon clouds through the narrow attic window as they filtered across the sky. He just lay like this, with Goo curled up against his abdomen, and thought he would never move again.
Liberty shared raw hotdogs with his little dog and whispered to him about their adventure and how much he'd missed him. He apologized for making him stay and told him what a good and patient dog he'd been. He also promised he would never allow them to be parted again.
Presently, the sun moved west and the sunbeam shifted away from the frail boy and his thin dog. Liberty's eyes grew heavy, and he drifted off to sleep. For the first time in many weeks, he slept uninterrupted, unmonitored, and without dreams.

*  *  *

The next time he awoke it was morning, and the sun was three fingers above the horizon. That's how Alex always described it. Four fingers was an hour if you extended your arm and held your hand sideways. The sun moved four fingers an hour-that's how they'd always known how long they could play until it would be dark.
He yawned and rolled over onto his back, stretching his legs out straight. Liberty hadn't moved since he'd fallen asleep, and neither had Goo. Slapping his owner with his tail, Goo seemed completely content just leaning against the warm side of his human, perhaps thinking he might stay there all day. He rested his chin on his human's hip, eyes clear and dancing with sheer happiness.
Liberty reached for his glasses and patted his dog, pulling Goo up closer so he could hug him. He was overwhelmed at the discovery that his dog was still there, but then his heart shifted that sad direction again as he realized that there would be no David and Alex waiting for him at the bottom of the stairs.
What to do now? Liberty wondered to himself. It was Saturday morning-he wouldn't be going back to school until Monday, the major had explained to him on the drive to The Home. There was time to kill and no one to kill it with.
He toyed with the idea of spending the whole day in the attic and rolled over to pull his shoes on. He'd slept dressed and with his socks on-a peculiar habit he'd insisted on when he was held at the military hospital after the incident.
Shuffling over to the dresser, he pulled the top drawer open. Standing on tiptoe, he could see into the drawer. There they were-David's T-shirts, stuffed in haphazardly. Liberty smiled to himself. David never folded anything, but mixed altogether as they were, he had to admit to himself, was aesthetically very colorful and pleasing. It was like cloth soup, and the recipe was David. Sifting through them, he finally found it-David's favorite.
It was white with green stripes and said East Valley Hornets across the chest with the number nineteen on the back and arm sleeves. It'd been David's baseball jersey way back when he'd played kiddie league. He'd been pitcher, and even though he'd long outgrown it, he kept it around for sentimental reasons. Liberty knew how proud David was of it.
Peeling out of his own government issue T-shirt, he pulled David's on; it fit almost perfectly. Glancing out the little attic dormer window, he noticed for the first time the dark van parked on the edge of the cornfield. He walked over and squinted into the early sun, his hand shielding his eyes. There they were-two government agents sitting in the front seats. One of them had a rifle propped lazily across his lap, the nose of it sticking out the open passenger window.
Liberty had considered going back to the lake today, but evidently that wasn't going to happen. He turned, and that's when he saw it. Startled to the core, he stumbled backward, his elbow catching the edge of the dresser as he did. "Ow!"
He hit the dresser hard enough that three plastic horses-cheap ones, not the nice Breyer ones Alex really wanted-tumbled to the floor. It was enough racket that the dark haired figure wrapped in only a sheet mumbled and pulled the corner of the sheet more over its head.
"Hey! Hey, you there?in David's bed. Who are you?" Liberty rubbed his elbow. It was still zinging from the blow, and his hand tingled as it hung limp at his side. "Hey, wake up!" Liberty was still mistrustful because of his long incarceration at the military hospital and didn't like strangers.
The figure didn't stir.
It was only after he repeated himself that the person rolled over, eyes still tightly closed. Liberty was able to see that the figure was male-an adolescent it appeared. Jet black hair hung uneven about the pale face. The boy blinked twice, oddly, as though he had difficulty focusing.
Liberty suddenly noticed the stick leaning against the corner of the bed frame-the walking cane with the red tip. The boy was evidently blind.
Dropping his hand to the floor, the teen fished around for a moment before locating a pair of dark glasses. They were nice-not the lame ones some blind people had to wear. Slipping them on, they actually made the youth look pretty outrageous in a cool way, Liberty thought.
The boy sat up. He was thin, pale, bare chested and wearing only boxer shorts. He untangled himself from his sheet and stretched then turned his head sideways as though he was suddenly aware that Liberty and Goo were standing stock still on the other side of the room.
"Hey! Who's there?" the boy asked, reaching for his cane.
"Hi," Liberty said, walking across the room and taking a seat on his own bunk. "I live here. I've just been away for a while."
"Vacation?" the boy wondered innocently.
"Uhm, no, not really. Just?" He was unable to finish.
"Court stuff? Yeah, I know how that goes. Sucks. It's the worst." The boy seemed entirely comfortable with filling in the missing details of Liberty's absence.
"Yeah, something like that."
"I'm Cole. Been here almost a month. I came up to bed last night, but you were already asleep. I heard some kid was coming back, didn't want to wake you. Who are you?" The boy slid his hand up the cane. Whipping it in front of himself, he used it to help push up from the bed.
"Liberty. My name's Liberty, but my friends?" He paused. "They just call me Bert."
"Huh. Weird name-Liberty. I like it though." Cole swung the cane easily, back and forth in a controlled arc, about two feet wide and gently scraping the floor. Over to the dresser he went, whacking one of the plastic horses in the head as he did.
"Oh, sorry!" Liberty jumped up and scooped up the three horses, setting them back on the dresser just as Alex had arranged them.
"Okay, first things first?" Cole said, "Don't apologize. I'm blind, but I'm not impaired. I can figure things out, get around fine. It just takes me a little longer sometimes."
Liberty instantly liked the boy. "You're right. I get that too. Not because I'm blind, but?" He felt instantly inadequate for comparing his own frail existence and disabilities to that of the blind kid.
"Yeah, I can tell you're a runt," Cole smiled as his hand slid down the bureau to the second drawer.
This pulled a grin from Liberty, and even Goo wagged approvingly.
"I gotta shoot up. I'll be back in a minute. Want something from the kitchen?"
"Nope. Don't really have a morning appetite. I'll take coffee if there is some? Roxy's a total bitch, though. If she catches me drinking her coffee, she totally wigs."
This delighted Liberty even more. "Be right back." He slipped from the attic, going first to the bathroom then down to the kitchen.
Roxy wasn't up yet-no one was up yet.
He pulled his insulin from the fridge and shot up, made two pieces of toast from stale bread, slathered them with cheap peanut butter, and gave one to Goo. While he was doing this, he poured what was left over from yesterday's coffee pot into a mug and stuck it in the microwave. When he pulled it out, he wrinkled his nose. How could anyone drink this stuff? Dumping some milk and a few teaspoons of sugar into it, he headed back up the stairs.
"Perfect," the boy smiled and cradled the mug, sitting cross-legged on the floor with a laptop in his lap.
"You have a computer!" Liberty was in awe then nearly began to tremble. He'd been denied any form of technology since his capture, especially smartphones or computers.
"No, not really. I'd kill for one, but the state won't fund it. But this lets me do school work 'n stuff. It's a refreshable braille display but doesn't have wi-fi." He brightened. "There is a cool laptop, though-entirely braille capable. Even pops the braille up on the screen or translates it out loud. I could even game on it!" He shrugged. "But state won't fund it either. "Guess I'll just have to get rich and get one myself."
"Here, can you see it?" Cole shifted the device so that Liberty might see it better and wrote something in braille. 
Liberty could read braille. Truthfully, he knew three languages besides braille: Spanish, French, and German. He was also moderately proficient in Arabic and could probably find the bathroom and order a beer if he was in China.
As Cole typed, what Liberty saw was a series of strategically place dots. What he read was?I'm Vole.
The teen looked directly at Liberty now. Dark glasses hid how serious his eyes were as he said lightheartedly, "Cool, huh? At least it lets me write stuff, and read; it'll print stuff for me too-a braille printer, whenever the state gets around to delivering it. Anyway, it'll be pretty awesome 'cuz I can print off whatever shit I want, and no one but me can read it! Even porn!"
Liberty was stunned, his face frozen in utter surprise.
Cole, or Vole as it were, wrote something else on the display. I knew you'd be able to read braille. Try to act normal. The whole place is bugged-video and audio. Why do you think they suddenly have smoke detectors? He nodded ever so slightly to the corner of the room.
Liberty turned his head, pretending to scratch Goo on the neck and glanced up. There it was, in the corner of the room-a tiny hole that housed the miniature camera, small as a penny.
"You been here a month, you say?"
"Yep, took that long for the state to get my walking papers. I'm from Cali. Grew up in a blind school there but have an uncle out here. Seems I was too much for him, so they dumped me here." Vole tilted his head to one side. "It's not so bad, really. Bus picks me up and I get to be in public school for the first time, which is kind cool. Roxy and her asshole boyfriend don't really know what to do with a blind kid though. They just leave me alone, mostly."
"I'll hang out with you. I love to read. I could read some stuff to you if you want. I have some comics." Liberty could hardly contain himself. He thought he was going to have a full blown freakout. Here, sitting in front of him, hair dyed black and with blind glasses on, sat probably the most notorious espionage hacker ever known. He was in complete awe and struggled not to fawn like a little school girl.
His mind whirled at the strategy of it all, how complicated it must have been for Vole to create an entire human being on paper, insert him into the social services system, and land him at Roxy's foster home. And he'd done it so fast! Not to mention hanging at the home for a good month, living the ruse and waiting for him to return.
"You know, that'd be awesome. You could read it and I could write it down in braille as you did. Then, whenever I feel like reading, I'd have a copy of it. Yeah, that'd be really cool." Vole nodded.
"Sweet!" Liberty hopped up and ran to his dresser drawer, the lowest one. Beneath his worn shirts, neatly folded in faded piles, was his modest collection of comic books. He grabbed the stack and hurried back over to Vole, sitting next to him so that he could see the braille screen as well.
"Justice League, Legion of Super Heroes, or Avengers?" Liberty was fairly excited about sharing his treasures with Vole. "I have Teen Titans and X-Men Legacy too."
"X-Men Legacy, for sure."
"Oh, yeah!" he fished through his stack. "Number 267! The Avengers crash the party!"
Vole grinned, "Perfect," and positioned his fingers over the braille keyboard. Liberty started to read, and as he did, the braille words formed on the screen?and so did a plan.

*  *  *

By midmorning, Liberty was nearly a third of the way through his comic book collection-Vole wrote diligently as he read.
Outside, four security agents lolled lazily in their van, only half listening to the two boys lost in Geeksville.
That strategic day, when the military base in Hutchinson had been destroyed by the MOAB bomb, nobody really knew what happened. They never saw the ship fly from the entry of the base. They'd lost video capability and visual of the ship altogether the second the asshole youth started dancing on everybody's screens. All they'd been privy to was the final explosion, the one that destroyed Hutchinson and the Lyons Salt Mine, burying everything beneath in melted rubble.
The chimney created by the tunnel to the surface had shot from it a mammoth, flaming Roman candle, followed by a dust cloud that rose to over twelve-thousand feet. It deposited dust and debris fallout to the south and southwest. Thankfully, this was a great expanse of farm land so spared Hutchinson and Yoder, the other nearby town.
The crater left at the base's opening was over three hundred feet wide and sixty feet deep. Even though the MOAB had detonated nearly two miles underground, the immense power of the nearly nineteen thousand pounds of H6 had produced just under forty-three million megajoules of energy. To put that more into perspective, it was the equivalent of roughly eight-hundred D-9 bulldozers, all going one-hundred miles per hour and crashing into a brick wall at once.
Beneath the surface, the intense heat had melted everything-stone, steel, glass. The Ogallala aquifer had been reduced in significant areas to massive boiling pools that vented up through the Earth's crust in steaming, vaporous geysers. What might be left of the Star, if anything, was unsalvageable.
Even so, the military was unwilling to risk the possibility that the ship might return. For whatever reasons, the aliens had first confiscated the child named Liberty. Scientists hypothesized maybe this was due to his extraordinary intelligence, and so it was reasonable to believe the aliens might choose to go for him again. This time the military would be better prepared. That is why the boy was under surveillance and forbidden to leave the house, in anticipation of an alien return.
Stepping into the sunlight off the enclosed back porch, Liberty sat down on the wooden steps of The Home. Goo nosed him under the elbow, and Liberty gazed into the damp, wet eyes of his friend. 
Leaning against the back porch steps were three hiking sticks, whittled down and carved with initials. He lifted the tallest one, saw David's initials, and ran his finger over them. The cuts were strong and deep, and he palmed where he thought David's hand must have rested when he walked with it. It was heavy-strong like David-and gave him a warm feeling to be holding it.
Laying it aside, he picked up Alex's stick. There they were-her initials. Next to them she'd carved a little star on either side. They were crooked and unequal in size. Stars must be fairly hard to carve accurately, Liberty thought to himself, and then he realized bittersweetly that it was Alex who'd brought them back to the meadow after they'd first seen the beautiful blue ship. She'd finally jumped to the stars, she and David. That's what Vole told him, that they'd made it out of the base. And now here Vole was at The Home and trying to help him?find them.
In the distance, at the end of the curling dirt driveway and under the shade of a single tree, a dark van with black windows was parked. A soldier stepped from the van and walked toward Liberty, cradling his assault rifle casually in the crook of his arm. "Hey, Bert. Sorry, bud, but I gotta ask you to go back in the house. You know the rules."
Liberty didn't reply, only nodded and climbed up the steps to go inside. Goo followed, glancing over his shoulder with a surly expression.
Cole was typing on his braille display, reclined on the living room couch with his bare feet hanging over the armrest when Liberty walked in. "No go?"
"Nope."
"Yeah, that's a bummer. You can't even go outside. Hey-want me to go for ice cream or something? I know where Roxy keeps her cigarette stash."
Liberty's eyes brightened as did Sage's and Charlie's, two of the three younger ones who were also loitering in the living room. "You know, that'd be nice. I say we do it."
Cole eased himself from the couch, groped about for his cane, and spoke to Sage. "Hey you little mongrel. Wanna' walk with me?"
"Yeah! Yeah!" she squealed, and Charlie piped in. "Can I go too? Please? Please?"
"I guess, but you both owe me."
What was expected from the two in return remained unexplained, but Charlie and Sage acted as though they'd won big. Julian, the other small one, was fast asleep on the rug in front of the T.V.
"I'll watch him," Liberty indicated the sleeping child. "Just make sure you bring him one too."
"What flavor you want?" Cole asked.
"Doesn't matter, just get me something lactose free. You know?" He patted his tummy for effect.
"Oh, right. The shits." This prompted a giggle from five year old Sage. Cole added, "No worries, I'll get you a slushy."
Minutes later, the two small ones, with the blind boy in tow, stepped from the back door steps. The guard approached them almost immediately. "Where you headed, son?"
"I'm not your son, and since when is it a crime to take a couple brats out for ice-cream?"
The soldier held his hands up in an I surrender gesture. "Don't get all torqued. Just checking. It's protocol, and you know it."
Cole paused. "What's so damn important about some little kid anyway? Why you gotta be all guarding him and stuff?"
"Classified, kid. Sorry."
Sage tugged at Cole's arm and the teen smiled, lifting his walking cane as though he would belt her a good one with it. She and Charlie both squealed and ran circles around him, poking him at intervals. Cole glanced the direction of the soldier's voice. "Going for milkshakes. Want me to bring you one? It'll cost you?"
At first it seemed as though the guard would say no, but then he fished out a ten dollar bill, held it out to the boy, and said, "Sure. Bring two-chocolate and strawberry."
Cole just stood there, neglecting to reach for the bill. The soldier seemed to catch himself just as Sage snatched it and pressed it into the boy's hand.
"Denomination?" the blind boy asked.
"Oh," the soldier checked himself a second time. "It's a ten."
"Don't expect change." Cole waved the bill in the air for a second before stuffing it into his jeans pocket.
Nearly an hour later, Cole and the kids came walking back into the yard with half melted milkshakes that were still amazingly delicious.
As the chocolate and strawberry ones were dispersed, the soldier said, "Gotta see your pack. You know the rules."
Cole just shrugged and unshouldered his backpack, holding it out to absolutely no one.
The soldier snagged it, unzipped it, and shuffled through it. Just a billfold, some comic books, a half pack of Roxy's cigarettes, and a bag of already opened Doritos. The soldier unrolled the top of the Doritos bag, snagged a handful, and replaced the bag.
"Hey! I can smell that! Get outa' my chips!" Cole exclaimed.
"Sorry-couldn't resist," The soldier mmmphed and then took a slurp of his milkshake. "'Kay. You can go." He waved the boy away, again forgetting that he was blind. When Cole didn't move, Sage grabbed him by the arm. "C'mon. Let's go find Bert."

*  *  *

It was very late when Voles's watch beep-beeped softly from beneath his pillow. He just lay still for a good long while, allowing his eyes to adjust to the darkness of the moonless night. He listened and could hear the steady slow breathing. Liberty was asleep.
Okay, he thought silently. Here we go, one last time. This wasn't the first time Vole had wakened and wandered the house at night. He'd made it a habit for some time now to go and sit in the basement and smoke a cigarette nearly every night, around two o'clock.
The soldiers had been staking out The Home even before Liberty was returned from the hospital, just in case. They could faintly see the glow in the darkness as the loser teen smoked. One day, when one of them asked him about his late night wanderings, he'd said simply, "I'm a teenager. Besides, night, day-doesn't really look any different to me."
Tonight, however, he would finish an important piece of their plans. He'd been running the ruse for some time, and tonight would be the last time. There were no cameras in the basement. Vole knew every possible type and size-plants, pens, sunglasses, USB sticks. It'd probably been something they thought unnecessary when they bugged the place. There was no escape from down in the basement-the windows were too narrow. Still, he must be very careful.
Slipping to the basement one last time, he stuffed an old pillow, wrapped in a jacket, into the chair he sometimes sat in. Then he clipped the cigarette to the bobble bird he'd bought on E-bay-the one that dipped its head as though drinking. From a distance, with the cigarette attached to the bird's beak, the glow of the ember would look almost like someone was smoking-if they didn't pay too much attention to the repetitiveness. So far they hadn't.
Like before, he made sure the bird was perched on a tin platter so nothing could catch fire in his absence, and snuck across the clammy basement to the tornado shelter in the corner of the room. Lots of these old farmhouses had them, only this one hadn't been used for a while.
He finally felt the trap door of the shelter-rough hewn planks with a pull handle on them-beneath his toes. Reaching down, he grasped the handle and eased the door open. It was scary, stepping down into the blackened, earthy pit, but he eased the door shut behind him as he did.
He hated the shelter-thought it smelled of spiders, so went immediately to work. "Okay," he whispered to himself and started silently counting, one one-hundred, two one-hundred.
A cigarette lighter flickered for a second time, and he lit the candle, placing it on the end of the only bench. Reaching for the first box of crushed ping pong balls, he chuckled to himself about how long it'd taken to get four hundred crushed pingpong balls snuck into the house. The guards kept checking his backpack, and so he had to get increasingly inventive. Grinning, he thought to himself, I was beginning to think I'd have to stuff 'em up my ass. He got the last batch today-hid them under Doritos knowing they would feel and weigh about the same.
Next to the four boxes of crushed ping pong balls was a heavy duty roll of aluminum foil and some duct tape. Vole went to work, wrapping the crushed chips into a square packet of aluminum, about the size and thickness of a dictionary and with one hundred fragmented balls within. He triple wrapped the heavy aluminum around the packet and duct taped it closed along the seam. Then, he taped a packet of paper matches into one corner and marked it with black sharpie that read, "Light here."
That was about all the time he could spare and all he needed. He was at seven minutes so blew out the candle and snuck from the tornado cellar one last time. Taking the cigarette from the birds beak, he murmured, "Idiots," as he peered out the tiny basement window to the blackness beyond. Then, slipping his glasses on, he took one last drag of the cigarette before pinching it out. Under his arm was tucked the last packet.
As Vole snuck back up, he eased open the kindling box that sat at the top of the stairs. It was snugged closely to the back kitchen door, and he slipped the packet in. The nights were still too warm for a fire, so nobody should look there. He stood upright as though just coming from the basement and walked over to the refrigerator, snagged a glass of milk, and went back to bed.



CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
?

Vole had been following this same routine for some time. Now that he was done, there were four hidden packets-two in the kindling box by the back porch door and two tucked behind the winter boots in the mud closet by the front door. Two cigarette lighters were stored with each stash-two-in case one didn't work when the time came.
The next afternoon was Sunday. Liberty and Cole would have to go back to school on Monday. Vole was determined that wouldn't happen. In a mere two days, he'd laid the plans with Liberty.
Late that afternoon, he lay on the couch downstairs, his usual spot, when he looked at Liberty and said, "I don't feel so good. I think the milk's gone bad or something. Gonna go upstairs and lie down."
He grabbed his cane, gripped his belly and shuffled away, making, his way to the stairs.
Behind him, Liberty called, "Can I get you anything?"
"Maybe a glass of water."
Liberty followed with the water and set it on the floor next to Vole's bed. "It's on the floor, by the bedpost."
"Thanks," the blind youth said as he pushed himself up onto his elbow. "Wanna read some comics or something?" He fumbled around in his sheets for his braille translation pad and sat up, pulling it onto his lap.
"Yeah," Liberty grinned. "That'd be great." He couldn't tell Vole that he was dying with anticipation and fear. Today couldn't go by fast enough, in his opinion. It was now just after three o'clock in the afternoon and he was sick with nervous anticipation.
He fished through his collection of comics and went straight for his treasured favorite. If everything went as planned, his precious comics would no longer be his after today. He ran his fingers across the rag-tag cover of The Amazing Spider Man, Volume 1, #33. Within, Spidey struggles against intensely insurmountable odds to rescue his Aunt May. The story always gave Liberty a feeling of victory, and he'd picked it to increase his courage going into this evening.
As he read, Vole wrote, delineating the final details of their plan. Conditions were perfect. It was a go. Eventually, he quit writing and just lay back on his bed, listening as the tale wove its way to the incredible ending. "Why haven't I heard that one before?" he murmured when it was done. Without saying anything else, he laid his glasses carefully on the floor before rolling over and closing his eyes.
Liberty folded the comic and replaced it in the stack one last time, neatly hidden in the bottom drawer. Then he changed into David's baseball jersey and also lay down for the next few hours, watching the sun beam drag slowly across the attic floor and up the ceiling wall.
Roxy and Hog left for the bar at their usual time and hollered for the boys to come down and watch the kids. Down to the living room the two clambered and lounged with Sage, Charlie, and Julian.
Finally, the strategic moment was upon them. The sun was sunk low enough to be hanging barely over the treetops in the distant western forest, just beyond the dried up cornfield. Now the field cast ominous fingerling shadows across the long, dirt expanse of the back yard. The wind stirred up small plumes of dust and Liberty gazed beyond, at the woods. It was the same forest the three had played in on that fateful day when they'd come across Alex's birthday present.
Liberty got up and went to the kitchen, pulled out a vial of insulin and shot up one last time, slipping the insulin and a few syringes into his back jeans pocket just in case. The unofficial babysitter for the night, Cole, was still lounging on the living room couch. Julian hopped up and wandered into the kitchen. It was no secret he idolized Liberty. The older boy made a peanut-butter and butter sandwich, split it with him, and asked Julian if he liked comics.
"Yeah, I do!" the smallest of the three little ones grasped onto Liberty's forearm in sweet anticipation.
"Okay. Well, guess what?" Liberty spoke softly. "You can have mine, all of them, but you can only read 'em in the attic."
"Your room?" Julian knew full well he wasn't allowed in the attic. "But we're not allowed in-"
"I know. But today is special. Today you can go up there, but the only condition is you gotta take Sage and Charlie with you, and you have to share with them. Okay?"
Julian nodded, grinning the biggest he had in a long time.
The beautiful face of the small boy tugged at Liberty's heart. He'd miss him, and the others, and his eyes softened. "Good. Go get Sage and Charlie. The comics are in the bottom drawer, under my T-shirts. But you have to stay up there until dinner. Deal?"
The small one seemed confused at the strange stipulations but had no intention of passing on the comics and going into the attic-the big kids' room. He promised to stay until called for dinner, and it wasn't long before Liberty heard the scuff of small feet faintly overhead. He glanced at his Goofy wristwatch, the same one Alex had given him what seemed like so long ago.
Then?it began.

*  *  *

"Goo-come," Liberty muttered urgently as he fished from the kindling box the two cigarette lighters. He glanced over his shoulder. Vole peeked over the edge of the couch from the living room and nodded ever so much.
He nodded back and gently removed the two aluminum packets from the box before easing himself onto the enclosed back porch. He held the packets below the lower half of the porch wall, lower than the screens, so they wouldn't be easily seen by the men in the van.
Laying the packets by the inside back screen door, he stood up, grabbed his backpack from the hook by the door, and pretended to shuffle through it as though making sure it was ready to go for school in the morning.
Glancing once more at his watch, he waited, peering out the screen door for just the right moment. He reached for the packets, and when he thought his gut would bust and he would pass out from nerves, he heard yelling from the front of the house.
That was his signal He held the lighter up to the two marked corners of the packets, lighting them both before opening the screen back door and tossing them just down the back steps. Looking right, he saw almost immediately the first white plumes of smoke from Vole's packets looping around the corner of the house and toward the cornfield. Within seconds, the plumes of white smoke from his own packets filled the long back yard in a fat, white channel. It surprised Liberty how fast it grew and how much smoke there was.
"C'mon!" Vole yelled, bolting through the house, past him and directly into the plume of backyard smoke. "Hold your breath!"
"Goo!" Liberty yelled, grabbed his backpack, and snatched up his dog, then jumped blind, straight into and through the billowing clouds of white smoke, holding his breath as he ran. He wasn't even sure if he was going in a straight line but kept running fast as he could until he felt the corn husks whipping his face.
Skidding to a stop, he opened his eyes and spun about just in time to see the house nearly hidden in a monstrous plume of white smoke-all of it except for the attic. Vole waved him on, and he turned and ran for the woods, glancing back just in time to see his friend squatted down, lighting fire to the base of the first row of cornstalks. They went up like a tinderbox, and the teen leapt up and sprinted for Liberty, grabbing his hand as he dashed through the field toward the forest.
Behind them was a perfect cover screen. By the time the ping pong ball smoke bombs were spent, the burning field had taken over, sending up a grey wall of fire and smoke. The breeze was heading their way-Vole and Liberty had counted on that-and it was dragging the smoke and fire quickly across the cornfield, away from the long dirt backyard and the house.
The guards were completely thrown off, never imagining the two would take to the distant field. Instead, they thought briefly that the house must be on fire, and so wasted precious time searching the premises. By the time the smoke bombs dissipated and they realized it wasn't really a fire, the cornfield raged in the distance.
Priority was evacuating the house and alerting the fire service. By then, Liberty and Vole were past the field, well into the forest, and heading for the cave.
They ran as fast as they could. It wasn't long before they heard the distant helicopters, crisscrossing the forest, searching find them. They weren't too worried that they could be picked up on infrared-the forest was still warm from the day, and they stayed beneath the thickest canopies of trees as they plunged on in the waning daylight.
When Liberty was too breathless to run farther, they walked until he caught his breath, then they ran again. It was, even so, well over an hour and two inhaler treatments before they approached the cave. Standing at the foot of the small, hidden cliff, Vole squinted into the dimming light, trying to make out where Liberty said the cave was. He glanced at his watch. It was six forty-two and nearly dark. "And you sure this will cover us? If not, we gotta press on."
"Uh-huh. It will," Liberty was sure of it.
Every other time they'd climbed to the cave, David was kind enough to haul Goo up for Liberty. The last time he'd climbed to it, Sartek had carried the mutt up. Goo knew the routine and danced in place, one front foot to the other, anticipating the ride.
Liberty swallowed heavily. "I don't know, little buddy." He gazed back up the cliff, chewing his lip, weighing the benefits versus the consequences. Finally, he unshouldered his backpack, unzipped it, and held it open. Goo crawled in, and his human wriggled onto his back to shoulder the straps. It was nearly a bust, but finally he was able to flip over onto his belly and staggered as he struggled to his feet.
Vole just watched, a bemused expression on his face.
"Now I know what a turtle feels like!" Liberty exclaimed breathlessly.
His accomplice only shook his head. "Give it."
"No, really, I think I can-"
"C'mon. Don't be stupid. Give me the dog." Vole reached for the pack.
After trading packs, Vole said, "C'mon. We better get up there."
Following Liberty's lead, they started the climb. Goo was quite a bit thinner than he'd been in the past, and Vole climbed easily.
Up, up they went. Liberty was methodical about it, reaching hand over hand, making certain he had a good hold with each step. It wouldn't do to come all this way to suffer a fall so close to the end.
"Three points at all times," he reminded himself aloud about safe climbing technique. As long as his strength held out, he should be good.
After what seemed like an eternity, he finally scaled the ledge to the cave. Rolling onto level ground, he unshouldered his own pack and reached to give Vole a hand up. Jumping from the teen's pack, the dog gave the older boy a look of, Well, that was the longest climb ever.
Liberty was covered with sweat and filthy from loose dirt that fell on him during the climb. 
Vole was even worse as he'd been climbing on Liberty's heels. He swept his tongue over his teeth and spat grit onto the ground. "Not bad," he appraised the premises with one sweeping glance and rubbed his hands together. "What's say we camp?"
Walking over to the fire pit, he saw only scant kindling around the perimeter. It didn't matter. It would be ridiculous to risk starting one anyway. Kicking around the knickknacks of the cave, he dragged over one of the chaise lounge chairs-the one that looked least likely to collapse-and took a seat.
"You don't think they'll come tonight?" Liberty wondered.
"Nope. I haven't been able to contact them for a few days, so they don't know we're here. It's safest if they check at daybreak every day rather than linger." He stabbed at the sky, "They were here this morning, I'm guessing, but are probably orbiting 'til tomorrow. But I suppose you can't be sure."
Liberty glanced at the sky, blackening through the dense blanket of tree leaves. "It's gonna get cold. I'm guessing around forty-five tonight. There's a few old blankets, though-and a quilt I think." He indicated the stash toward the back of the cave.
"Seems reasonable." Then, glancing around again, Vole said, "Well, it's nearly dark anyway. Let's get set up and eat, get some calories burning before the night."
There was no way of knowing what was to happen tonight. Either way, Liberty decided he would never go back. This prompted a rare smile for he knew that when he and the blind boy turned up missing, there would be a huge fallout at The Home.
"You think the kids are okay?" Liberty wondered out loud, meaning Sage, Julian, and Charlie.
"Yep. Matter of fact, they're gonna be better than ever soon as they shut that shithole down." Vole didn't look up, only continued to pull stuff from his backpack. "Here, Goo," he called the pup and cracked open the can of vienna sausages, giving the better half to the dog before handing what was left to Liberty.
"Want some?" Liberty held a sausage up.
"Nope. Can't do it. Looks too much like a piglet penis. But this?" He pulled a half melted candy bar from his back pocket and bit off a big chunk, chewing thoughtfully. "?perfection."
Liberty stifled outright laughter. "You know, I'm so glad I met you."
"What do you mean? We've known each other for years! Think I'm gonna let the feds crush my best old bro'?" Vole seemed intensely happy and smiled broadly, bits of chocolate sticking between his teeth. This only prompted another round of suppressed laughter by both of them.
After their modest dinner, they pulled the old quilt and a few armloads of dried grass the kids had hauled up as a mattresses to the outer edge of the cave. Fluffing the grass up, they covered it with a blanket. Their bed was far enough away from the ledge that they wouldn't roll off in their sleep or be seen from directly overhead, but they strategically positioned it so they could see the stars when they blinked to life.
Liberty relaxed somewhat. They could barely hear the nearest helicopter in the very far distance, and they were well hidden. Even if one flew right over, the tree growth was heavy here, and the chances of them being found was slim.
Night crept up from the forest's undergrowth, up the side of the cliff, finally washing across the two boys and their dog. There was no moon tonight, and as dusk gave way to blackness, the heavens splashed across the sky in magnificent form.
Liberty was cold, even with the quilt, and as he drifted deeper to sleep, he subconsciously snuggled against the back of his friend, the brilliant boy who'd risked so much to help him escape. It was also comforting to have Goo snuggled up on his chest like a miniature furnace. In minutes, Vole was breathing the deep and slow pattern of teenage sleep, and Liberty's thoughts became disconnected as drowsiness set in. Finally, he drifted off.
He'd left The Home this evening with insulin but was afraid to shoot up. If he went low tonight and seized, it would be terrible for Vole. Liberty was now mildly dehydrated, and his blood sugar was creeping above two hundred. As a result, when he did finally toss himself to sleep, he slept deeply. When 7:00 a.m. rolled around, he was still deeply asleep when he heard Goo growling as though from very far away.
The first sensation he experienced was thirst. That's always how it felt when his sugars were high. He stretched, taking a moment to squint and calculate his own whereabouts before sitting up with a start. He'd forgotten that he was in the cave, and it took a few seconds before he even recalled why he'd come. He felt Goo, the rumbling of his deep throated growling vibrating softly against his side.
The next thing he was aware of was the distant voices of men. He snapped awake and shook Vole by the shoulder, holding his hand over the teen's mouth as the older youth struggled to wakefulness as well. "Shhh?" Liberty whispered and pointed down, indicating nearly directly below the cliff edge.
Goo growled again at the bloodhounds circling below. The boys could hear the whining and baying of the dogs, anticipating a capture. They also heard a voice on the ground call out, "Here! I think they went up here!"
Liberty lost his grip on Goo's snout, and the dog barked out loud-but this time not at the hounds. He yipped in anticipation at the overhead clouds. This was the first overcast morning in nearly a month, and the boys gazed overhead.
Liberty leapt to his feet, snatching up his dog as he did. Vole hopped up next to him, staring now at the strange effect of vapidation on Liberty's hair. "Holy shi-"
Just as the first soldier's hand reached for the edge of the cliff ledge, the two boys and a mixed mutt of questionable origin slipped into an oily shimmer and experienced, for the first time, the sensation of shifting.
Seconds later, they disappeared from the face of the Earth, and no one ever knew what happened to them.
The soldier scaled the cliff. "Clear! Looks like they were here, but they're gone now. They left their stuff, though." He kicked the quilt with his boot and picked up the empty backpack.

* * *

Everyone aboard the Star was standing in a circle when Liberty and Vole materialized on the deck of the ship.Vole hardly swayed at all and swept his black hair from his eyes, appraising his surroundings appreciatively.
Alex muttered, "Well hel-low."
David shot her a surprised look.
Liberty lurched, still clutching Goo to his chest. He was dressed in a pair of Everlast ghetto shorts that were a size too big for him, white tube socks, discount bargain-bin tennis shoes, and David's sixth grade pitcher's T-shirt jersey. He was grimy and thin, his hair was out of control, and his blood sugar was over three-hundred.
Most notably, his eyes were brimming with tears from behind his oversized glasses, and he was grinning like he'd just won the lottery. Truthfully?he had. He was finally home.



EPILOGUE
?

The day the Cerulean Star plunged from the bowels of Hutchinson air base, what nobody had seen was how just when it seemed like they wouldn't make it-just before the bomb exploded-the ship had whooshed spectacularly from the mouth of the entrance with five children aboard. There was an instant flash of silver, and then immediately the Cerulean Star was gone, leaving only a speculation behind.
All five children, and E-I, let go a roaring scream of exhilaration as they launched from the entrance of the base and into the atmosphere.
What the military also did not see was how the vessel swung immediately into orbit and swooped, undetected and veiled, in an elliptical pattern around the Earth.
The planet looked so suddenly serene and peaceful beneath them as they cruised beyond the East coast, out over the Atlantic, and into a beautiful moonlit night. Immediately gone was any indication of the harrowing escape from moments before. The forward screens automatically compensated for the decreased light. It was almost as if it hadn't happened at all.
Mesmerized and speechless, the kids all simply stared.
Alex dropped to the deck, her knees at long last failing her.
Isara rested her hand on her shoulder. "Alex, that was amazing, what you did down there!"
"Our shields, will they hold?" David asked Blalok.
"We need to orbit sub-atmospheric for a bit. The shields are designed to regenerate on flight exposure to atmospheric helium, but it needs to be a gradual repair. We are stuck in orbit for a bit until then."
"You mean it will heal itself?"
"Yes, that is what it means. It will heal itself, if that's how you wish to interpret it." Blalok gave him a smug grin.
Below them, Hutchinson's underground air base and the salt mine had given a dramatic heave and was no more. Over the next month, E-I would contact an amazing boy name Vole, and together they would orchestrate the mission that would help Liberty to escape, once and for all.

*  *  *

Liberty slid his hand over his abdomen. "Is it going to hurt?" He'd been exposed to enough procedures in his lifetime to realize that pain was a necessary part of life. Unexpected pain, however, was the worst and he strongly preferred the truth.
"No," Isara answered.
"How long will I be under?"
He was sitting on the side of a procedural bed in a small room that served as the treatment sick bay of the Cerulean Star. It was considered incredibly unlikely, when the ship had first been built, that something akin to surgery would ever be required aboard the vessel. Nevertheless, the designers were meticulous in the fabrication of all aspects of the Star, and the treatment room was consequently the equivalent of a sophisticated, miniature emergency room, complete with operating capability.
"Shouldn't take long, only a few minutes. I make you sleep, and E-I will robotically install the capsule." She indicated the freestanding robot.
"E-I controls it?" Alex was obviously nervous about the idea of Liberty having surgery. It was fairly apparent she was unconvinced this was a good idea, and she eyed the robot suspiciously.
"Yes," Blalok explained. "Very precisely. The robot will make an incision and then insert the capsule. Closure will be with bio-laser, and then Isara will heal the wound."
Liberty eyed the robot. It wasn't exactly what most humans would have envisioned. The device was tall, about six feet, bullet shaped, and perfectly smooth but with fine etchings all across the sleek, silvery surface of it. It was beautiful, in a way, and resembled something that should be standing in a modern art museum.
The etch marks were not artwork, however. They were communicating panels that shifted and withdrew into various sections of the robot, allowing articulating devices to extend from it when called upon. When this happened, it was fairly alarming-almost creepy.
There was also an eye, so to speak, about two inches in diameter, very much resembling a camera lens. Blalok explained that it would project a three dimensional picture of the procedure, with precise imaging as though it were the real thing. Even more sophisticated was that the image could be visualized from inside the body.
"Why can't you just heal him, you know, cure him?" David's eyes were full of concern as he gently paced the floor.
They all knew how Isara pulled Liberty back from a very dark place after the explosion in the salt mine and what she'd done the night he'd seized.
"It doesn't work like that. I can't cure illness. I can only stop the symptoms. And it isn't always perfect."
"I don't understand." Alex seemed puzzled. "You healed him when he had the seizure."
"I didn't heal his diabetes. I only took away the reaction, the side effects his illness caused."
"So, how do you get it in him?" Vole wondered, approaching and sliding his finger along the etched surface of the robot.
"An incision will be made beneath the right rib," E-I explained. E-I had analyzed all Earth's research and databases regarding diabetes and, only then, had fabricated the device. It was incredibly sophisticated, about the size of a nine volt battery but smooth and oblong. He was now also intimately familiar with abdominal surgical procedure on humans. "I will direct the surgical robotics to insert the capsule peritoneal, below the diaphragm, cradled by the medial margin of the liver. It will be attached to hepatic circulation."
There was a confused silence before David finally said flatly, "I vote no."
Blalok elaborated. "E-I will help the robot to surgically place the capsule in Liberty's abdomen. It is most protected and will function best from there. It's really quite safe."
"Okay! But?what exactly does the capsule do?" Alex asked E-I, her hazel brown eyes large and looking randomly overhead as though E-I were a god not yet to be trusted. She lingered close to Vole-had fairly attached herself to him since he'd come aboard-which seemed to annoy David a great deal.
"The capsule is a genetically modified clone of Liberty's tissue sample," E-I replied, "After extracting his DNA, it has been inserted into host tissue. The result is a healthy pancreatic tissue module, capable of producing insulin spontaneously and in response to Liberty's blood sugar level. It will essentially act as his own pancreatic tissue should have, until it atrophies. Then it will simply need to be replaced."
"I'm not understanding a single word that's coming outa' your virtual mouth. You get that we're kids, right?" Alex retorted.
Liberty ignored her. "But doesn't that require a donor egg?" His grasp of cloning and biogenetic engineering was well beyond everyone else present, except perhaps Blalok.
"Schlange moss," Blalok said simply.
"Excuse me?"
"Schlange moss. It is a sentient, biomorphotic plant entity that can change, including incorporating itself into other matter, living and non-living."
"Crazy," Liberty mused. "I want to learn more about this moss."
"It's what brings E-I to life. It's in his circuits." Blalok lifted his chin as though everyone knew this.
"So this moss?capsule, it's gonna work to make insulin so Bert won't need any more shots?" David was obviously excited at the possibility. It would mean no more ear sticks, finger sticks, low-blood sugars, or seizures.
"Yes, for now. It is simply a patch. It will help mediate his diabetes, not unlike your earth's insulin pump, only more sophisticated," E-I confirmed.
"Yes!" David echoed with a fist pump in the air.
"Oh, my God." Alex grabbed Liberty by both arms. "Bert, it's like a cure!"
"He will be, essentially, normoglycemic," E-I interjected, "However, as minor as the procedure is, it is not without risk. There is the potential for bleeding, infection, peritoneal rupture, organ laceration-"
"Could I reject it?" Liberty interrupted E-I before he could continue. That was his biggest and only real fear of the procedure. He'd read vast amounts of material on pancreatic transplantation, and the risk of rejection remained the most dreaded one. Dealing with failure loomed heavy for him.
"Negative," Blalok explained. "The schlange moss has the unusual ability of infiltrating the genetic material it is introduced to. That is why it lives within the hardwiring of E-I's circuitry. It is literally part of it, growing and reproducing as part of that entirely new composition."
"But he's human." David still appeared moderately unconvinced.
"Yes, and the moss has already accepted his tissue's DNA in the capsule." Blalok indicated the tiny capsule held inside the robot, still in a sterile environment. "It already lives. All it needs now is the perfect host."
Grinning, Liberty could hardly contain his nervous excitement. His eyes unexpectedly teared up.
"You scared?" Alex asked, "'Cuz it's gonna be all right, you know?"
"No, no?it's just that, I've never not been diabetic. I don't know what it would be like to be free of the symptoms. The possibility?" He swallowed thickly and his voice trailed off.
"Then, I suggest we get started," Blalok pointed to the viewing arena outside of the suite. "We can watch from out there. The fewer distractions in here, the better."
Liberty reassured them he would be okay as they filed out, one at a time. Vole was the last to leave, gave Liberty a fist bump before he did. "Peace."
"Lie down and get comfortable," Isara explained, smiling softly as she patted the bed.
The robot simultaneously positioned itself on the opposite side of the table. There was no mechanical whirring or buzzing as it slid along the floor, closer to Liberty. It was so silent it seemed to float into position. However, that was the only gentle feature of it once it came to life. One of its panels smoothly disappeared within the sleek body of it, and then it extended a second metallic arm. Held within its pincer type grasp was a clear blue box.
"Okay, E-I. Be gentle," Alex could be heard from the exterior viewing room.
The tiny box shimmered as though made entirely of jelly, and suspended within it floated the bio-capsule made from schlange moss and Liberty's DNA. It flitted with tiny flashes of light, a characteristic of the moss itself.
Lying back on the bed, Liberty told himself that he really wanted this. He chose to look into Isara's eyes instead of at the frightful robotic arms that were twitching and snaking oddly about like some sort of arachnoid torture device.
"It's going to be all right." Isara smiled gently and rested one hand on his arm. "Just try to relax." She laid her other hand on his forehead.
Instantly, the mind connection was reestablished. Like a slide picture show, Liberty saw thousands of images flash across his consciousness-images from the last few months. There was laughter, terror, sorrow, kindness; all so human?all so Bettuan. He relaxed visibly. In a short time, the images faded, and he slowly drifted away, enveloped in a warm darkness. It was somehow familiar and reminded him of a dusty mine tunnel, far away. The last thing he was aware of was Isara's voice.
"Just sleep, Bert. I'll be with you."
Isara's eyes were also shut, and her chin sagged to her chest, but her hand remained on his forehead.
The human child's breathing slowed to eight breaths a minute.
Another silvery arm snaked from the robot, the communicating end of it sported three human-like phalanges that glistened metallically and moved independently. It gently positioned these underneath Liberty's chin, lifting carefully to make certain the boy continued to breathe clearly. Another arm twisted from the robot and wrapped entirely around the boy's left hand. A screen appeared on the surface of the robot, displaying the child's vital signs.
Two more arms extended from the robot. One was also very hand-like and flipped around, the wrist part of it spinning an entire 360 degrees before bending to delicately lift Liberty's shirt, exposing the pale skin beneath his ribcage. The intricate fingers of the device clicked with unnerving metallic precision as the digits manipulated.
By now, the robot appeared to have Liberty firmly in a metallic web of snaking arms. "Jesus," David muttered from outside the operating arena.
"It's like a friggin' metal medusa," Alex whispered. "Hey, that would be a good name for a band!"
"Alex, be quiet!" David scolded her, and she gave him the stink eye before directing her attention once more to Liberty.
The second operative arm was the most alarming of all. There was no humanlike hand on the end of it. It was simply an extension with a razor thin tip. It whipped about and took only a fraction of a second to coordinate and position itself before spraying a wet substance across Liberty's skin. Then, somewhat alarmingly and without warning, it began slicing into the pale flesh beneath the boy's right ribs.
From the viewing room, Alex gasped. David took her hand. "It's okay?he's okay. See? Just look away if you want." He, himself, glanced away for just a few seconds.
Alex squeezed his hand but continued to watch the procedure.
The robotic arm sealed tissue as it sliced so there was no blood loss. Even so, to one not accustomed to robotic surgery, it may have appeared brutal. It was alarmingly fast as it opened an incision into Liberty's peritoneal cavity. As the robot retracted the wound, the smooth, reddish brown surface of his liver glistened from the three inch hole.
From the eye of the robot now projected an image, the three dimensional depiction of Liberty's abdominal contents.
Sartek was the next to gasp. "Are those?guts?"
There within the floating image were the lifelike representations of Liberty's abdominal contents, the sleek, pink folds of intestines, the smooth pearlescence of the diaphragm, the ruddy red liver, and biliary tree. Then, as the image rotated, it provided a perspective as though looking out of the wound, with the robotic arm and capsule advancing from a distance.
"Okay, that's just freaky," Alex couldn't contain herself.
The arm holding the capsule positioned itself directly over the hole and advanced. The biomorphic capsule altered its shape, immediately accepting the surgical opening as its new, proper shape, and it was almost as though Liberty's body sucked it in. The biomorphic capsule, along with the blue square that held it, passed promptly out of sight but could be seen on the projected image as entering the body.
The silvery arm of the robot extended into Liberty's body almost another four inches and seemed to fish around a bit.
"I might throw up," Vole murmured.
On the three dimensional image, the liver was gently lifted to reveal underneath, and the capsule had, along with the blue square, simply adhered to the largest distal lobe of the organ.
"I'll be C-3 P O's ass," Alex muttered.
The surgical arm suddenly withdrew itself from Liberty's abdomen. The other arm-the one that was retracting the wound open-released and grasped the edges of the cut, clamping the wound neatly closed. Then the scalpel arm sealed the incision. Smoke lifted in delicate plumes from the site as it cauterized.
All who were present were immediately reminded that it was living tissue that was being operated upon.
Finally, and in less than three minutes from when it started, the robot retracted all arms at once, except the one gently lifting Liberty's chin. All that remained of the surgery was a neatly closed, red slice on the human's belly.
Isara's pale green hand, the one which rested on Liberty's forearm, slowly lifted and lay across the newly sealed wound of his abdomen. It was oddly contrasting to the very pale white of the human child's flesh.
The two stayed like this for nearly another minute. The musical moan which now drifted from Isara echoed, oddly out of place in the starkness of the operating arena.
"What's happening?" David whispered urgently.
"Shhh," Sartek cautioned. "Isara's repairing the wound."
Just as he finished explaining this, the robot retracted its remaining arm and returned to the sleek bullet form of its resting state. It spun and floated to the wall where it appeared to simply disappear.
Isara's eyes opened, and she lifted both hands from Liberty. She remained in the chair next to his bed, weakened by her efforts.
The other five hastily left the observation room and clambered to their friend's bedside.
"You okay?" Sartek asked Isara, lifting her chin gently so that he could peer into her eyes.
She nodded, smiling.
Liberty's eyes fluttered and opened. He turned his head and looked at his friends with no immediate recollection of why they were all there. "Did I seize? I don't feel like I did. But?" His brow furrowed, and then he noticed his exposed belly. Pulling his shirt down to cover up, he struggled to sit up.
"Take it easy there, Bert," Vole cautioned.
Nobody said anything. David grasped him by the arm and helped him to sit.
Liberty peered down at his feet, concentrating. "I had surgery, didn't I? It's so I don't have?" He paused. "It's my diabetes, isn't it?"
Alex burst into a tearful grin. "It's fixed, Bert. No more shots!"
"Well, until we need to modify the device-if we need to," Blalok added.
Liberty slid his hand over his abdomen and broke into a brilliant smile.

* * *

The surgery was successful. For three consecutive days, Liberty was stable, without the shots and ill moments.
E-I continued to monitor his blood sugar, but it remained normal since his procedure.
His body was swiftly repairing a young lifetime of dealing with the instability of his disease, and he'd slept better last night than he ever slept before.
Vole was leaving, had chosen to return to Earth. Liberty was the most sorry to see him go; he'd grown very fond of the unorthodox youth with the brilliant soul. "Are you sure? I think you'd love the stars, and have so much to contribute." That's not what he really meant. What he wanted to say was, "I'll miss you."
"Sorry, Bert. I'd get cabin fever I think. It happened when they had me in juvie. Guess I need to be able to run. And this?" He swept his hand overhead indicating the amazing ship and more particularly the computer that ran it. "This is some serious technology. I got not use here." He gazed down into the blue eyes of his friend. "Back there, though?" He meant on Earth.
"There's a lot left for you can accomplish." Bert finished the thought.
"Yeah.Besides, you'll need me there when you return." He gave Liberty the cool handshake he'd taught him, hugged Alex and signed off with a sweeping, "Later gators." In the next instant, he was gone, and the small crew were all sorry for it.
Later that afternoon, The Cerulean Star swept gracefully in an elliptical pattern around the earth as the boy within her healed. One evening, he sat on the viewing deck in the dark, watching Hawaii disappear from beneath the ship as they arced slowly over the Pacific Ocean. He wasn't on a hover chair. Instead, he'd moved up closer to the screen, sitting right on the deck floor with his knees pulled up under his chin, arms wrapped around his legs. It was so real as though he could step off into space, if he so chose.
It was beautiful, the Earth. Liberty thought to himself how much he truly loved this planet; how much he loved humanity and all the potential they carried. Yes, they had their share of sorrow, cruelty, and pitiful lack of understanding; he had to admit he'd been at the receiving end of a fair portion of these. However, this wasn't what he considered now. Earth's beauty was what overwhelmed him as he sat on the observation deck.
E-I re-established a connection, one last time, with Vole. The brilliant youth had hacked into Kansas State's foster records and reported to Liberty that The Home was shut down. Roxy faced charges of negligence, filed against her by the state, regarding the disappearance of the boys named Liberty and Cole, and Hog had evidently moved on.
The three small ones who were left at The Home had been moved to another foster home, and records showed that it was a good one-a very good one. In fact, adoption papers were on file for all three children. They would become true siblings in a home of their own at last.
Liberty slid his hand over his abdomen and thought to himself, How incredible to have met Isara, Sartek, and Blalok.
Goo was lying next to him on the observation deck and appeared quite unimpressed by the view. His attention was captured elsewhere. He raised the edge of one lip, bared a single fang, and growled at the chakrat that skipped a short distance away in the shadows.
Cleo hissed and hopped sideways, stiff-legged and bristling all over so that the puffy furriness of it was significant-and fairly ridiculous. It's tiny claws click-clacked on the floor as it circled Goo, jaws open and smiling, tiny razor teeth glistening. It was an entertaining show and all in an effort to be more menacing than it really was. Goo was less than impressed.
"It's okay, boy," Liberty patted his butt and was returned a pained expression. The dog licked his lips and regarded his master as though he'd endured just about enough of the chakrat stalking him as of late.
"You'll get used to her-it just takes time," Liberty smiled at his furry friend.
The aft doors to the viewing deck slid open, and the Chakrat took the opportunity to bolt from the room, claws scrambling and slipping on the smooth floor and hissing dramatically as she did.
Alex walked in and giggled at the retreating chakrat. She squinted to find Liberty in the darkened room. Walking up beside him, she looked back at the departing creature before sitting down, cross-legged, next to him. "She's so cute! I want one so bad. Think Blalok will notice if I steal her?" When Liberty remained silent, she leaned against him. Alex was obviously in a good mood and murmured, "It's sooo pretty-so blue," meaning the Pacific Ocean at night.
He still said nothing and so they just sat for a bit, gazing out over the loveliness that was their home planet.
"Alex?" Liberty began. He wanted, needed to say something, but was having difficulty finding the words. Glancing down at Goo, he scratched the lazy dog behind one ear. Goo opened one eye as though to say, Hey, it's finally gone. I'm trying to sleep here. The smile Liberty struggled with faded, and he just stared at the floor.
"What, Bert? What is it?" Alex rocked gently against him with an encouraging nudge. "I know-I get it. It's a lot different now, but it's gonna be okay," she offered brightly. "We have such good friends, and we have each other."
"You're right," He murmured. "We do have each other. Never forget that, Alex." He couldn't meet her gaze but rested one hand on her knee. Then he slid from his pants pocket an envelope. It was folded over twice. He straightened it out on his leg, trying to respectfully press the creases from it before gently handing it to her.
She swallowed and just stared blankly at the envelope for a long time. Her eyes welled up as she reached to take it from him. Turning the worn envelope gently over in her small hands, she noticed the return address. It was from the President, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of the Army-all three of them. She ran her finger over the presidential seal and read her own name out loud. "Alexander Elizabeth Stutton." Glancing up at Liberty, she tried to force a smile, but failed miserably. A tear ran down her face and dropped onto the white linen paper of the envelope. She brushed it off and said, "I must be in big trouble for them to use my real name, huh?"
It was as much courage as Alex could muster, and she broke, sobbing outright, allowing the envelope to fall from her hand to the smooth surface of the viewing deck. She leaned her head onto Liberty's shoulder and wept.
Reaching both arms around her, he hugged her for a good long while as she grieved the loss of her brother, James, in the Afghanistan war.
Alex never did open the envelope-instead, she hid it in a secret place that only she knew of. She told Liberty she didn't ever want to open it, that in a way it made James still alive. "Besides?" she'd reasoned unrealistically, "?it's probably a commendation or something like that anyway, and he'd only be annoyed if he thought I knew about it. Jimmy was always like that."
Back when he'd first gotten sent back to The Home from the hospital, Liberty'd heard from the other kids about when the two soldiers in the black car came while he was till in the army hospital. Roxy'd taken the letter and stuffed it carelessly into the utility drawer. Liberty discovered it the day after he'd gotten home, when he was fishing around for some string to fix Goo's collar. That's when the three younger kids told him about the strange visitors with the official looking letter. They'd also given Roxy a flag. Bud took it and threw it over a cigarette burned loveseat in their bedroom.

*  *  *

When the three Bettuan children announced they wanted their new friends to remain with them aboard the ship, Alex immediately made the decision to stay aboard the Cerulean Star. For Liberty, it was never a question. It was simple?they were family to him.
David struggled with the decision the most. He was most connected with the idea of dirt under his feet. Ultimately, however, the draw for the adventure of space, his truehearted loyalty to Liberty and Alex, and his growing friendships with Isara, Sartek, and Blalok, convinced him to stay aboard the Star as well. That, "?and this rockin' new super power I have." He'd grinned widely, flexing his biceps as he did.
After the incident at Hutchinson, Vole disappeared off the radar again. The military were able to track his antics to Pittsburgh, but beyond that, he'd erased his adventure with Liberty Lennox and the Cerulean Star completely.
In addition to seizing the military compound's computer system and negotiating the dramatic release of the alien ship, Vole also planted a new virus in the government computer network. It was simply called the Stupidity Virus and essentially meant that every time a US Senator or representative sent an e-mail, they were greeted with a flashing screen that said, "Take that bribe and you're fired!" along with a wheet-wheet alarm.
Furthermore, all Pentagon badges, when scanned through security, were assigned new names. Among them, Lieutenant Taylor became Captain Crap. Furthermore, because the new names were linked to fingerprint and retina scans, each time they were re-modified, they reverted back to these new names. That problem has yet to be fixed and Captain Crap is as big an asshole as ever.
Nearly five weeks after Liberty was brought aboard the ship, the six children decided it was time to press on. They might eventually return to the lovely little planet called Earth but agreed with Sartek that a portal back home to Bettua must yet be searched for.
Liberty taught Blalok chess, and the two play nearly every day. Blalok has only beaten him once and jumped up and down with a euphoric fist pump when he did?a gesture he'd learned from David. It appeared so much less convincing on Blalok and sent Liberty into a sincere fit of laughter. The visual to this is beyond description.
Nearly two months later, as they swept from the orbit of a stunning ice moon just before harvesting oxygen?
?they first saw the Rayze.


The End


THE CERULEAN STAR

Welcome to the world of The Cerulean Star. This six book series documents the ongoing adventures of the six children, three Earthlings-three Bettuan.
Before long, The Cerulean Star: Sartek will be available, and readers will be invited into another wonderful perspective of the unlikely crew! Join them as they continue to search for a way home and meet, for the first time, the dreaded Rayze.

Check out Sharon's WEBSITE



Other Books by Sharon Cramer

THE EXECUTION

RISEN 

The Cerulean Star: SARTEK (Coming Soon)

Just and American Girl (Coming Soon)

Marlow and the Monster (for Kids!)


Did you enjoy THE CERULEAN STAR: Liberty?
In the mood for something on the darker side?
Check out Sharon's novel THE EXECUTION! 


About Sharon
Sharon Cramer is an aspiring time-traveler, alien princess, and master painter of Halloween faces. In the meantime, she writes from a dank, dark cave, somewhere in Washington State. She's just released the first in an epic Sci-Fi fantasy series called THE CERULEAN STAR, and has a breakthrough novel, beloved by an amazingly loyal following, called THE EXECUTION.
When not painting monsters and planning historical ruin and perfectly crushed hearts, Sharon can be found wandering the woods of Eastern Washington, talking to herself. Driven by sleeplessness and a seemingly endless draw to the keyboard (and the occasional extra strong coffee) she is inspired by unorthodox friends and extreme weather. Mother to three sons, a bad cat, and eleven fish (who all have names) she is married to a man who surely has won the Nobel Prize for Extreme Tolerance.


You can follow her on TWITTER and FACEBOOK
