THE HYSTERESIS CHAIN
DAVID KUTAI WEISS

Hysteresis ∙ hiss-tor-ee-sis ∙ noun: The dependence of the state of a system on both its present and past state. 



Part 1: Anastomosis

Anastomosis ∙ uh-nas-tuh-moh-sis ∙ noun: The rejoining of two conduits, such as streams or veins, that previously branched out.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Anastomosis

Copyright © David Kutai Weiss 2013
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission.  Images courtesy NASA and ESA.  All images courtesy NASA and ESA. Cover art courtesy Lauren Jozwiak.
“The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.”
―Terry Pratchett, Diggers



The sky was a crisp royal blue, contrasting sharply with the tan ground. The land stretched on forever, a continuous flat plane with no horizon in sight. Stowik squinted his eyes against the blaring sun. How is the Earth so bright? How could people live like this? 
“You’ve got it wrong, Stowik,” said Rockhead as he shook his head.
“I do?” asked Stowik.
“You made the blocks out of pure space-fall,” Rockhead observed, eyes squinting against the oppressive sun.
Stowik stepped into the shadow of the nearest massive iron block as a respite from the glare and scanned the landscape. Enormous blocks of iron dotted the terrain; all were either cubes or rectangles, standing on one side. Some of the blocks were the size of his fist; some were the size of an entire city. Bizarre. He cast his gaze upward and saw that smaller iron blocks rested on top of many of the larger ones. Unaccustomed to the heat and bright light, he sweat profusely and raised a hand to shield his eyes as he gazed out further.
Stowik shut his eyes firmly for a second and then opened them. The blocks were now made out of ice.
“Woah, Stowik, I didn’t say you were completely off. Just make the blocks tan. And grainy, like the hydrocarbon dust back home,” suggested Rockhead.
Stowik imagined the changes, squeezing his eyes tight. He opened them to find the blocks tan and grainy. Sandstone. A good third try for someone who had never seen a rock bigger than his fist. Stowik turned around expecting a pat on the back from his brother, but he was nowhere to be seen.
“Rockhead!” he called out nervously. Where did he go? Is he okay? Stowik squinted his eyes against the sun as he scrutinized the desert landscape in front of him. Being alone on this alien planet was making Stowik edgy. He took a step forward, electing to go looking for Rockhead. Silent as a cat, Stowik’s older brother turned the corner of the sandstone block behind Stowik, jumped on his back, and wrestled him to the ground. They rolled on the tough sandy pavement for several minutes in mock combat, throwing light punches, each brother gaining the upper hand and then losing it, until the fight dissolved in laughter. The two brothers lay on their backs coughing up dust and panting on the ground.
“You weakling,” Rockhead called out through his deep gasping breaths.
“Yeah right, I only stopped because I got sand in my eyes. I had your back pinned twice,” countered Stowik.
The two brothers lay on the ground, content with this new world they discovered, enjoying the constant warmth against their bare chests. The sandstone blocks loomed menacingly around them.
“You know what those blocks are?” Rockhead inquired.
“Skyscrapers,” Stowik breathed slowly in awe.
Rockhead nodded with a smile, “And do you know what they’re for?”
“People on Earth lived in them. Kind of like how we live inside craters because they are easy to build in. But we can’t live in the skyscrapers like they are now—they haven’t been hollowed out yet.”
Rockhead ate up the rays from the glaring sun. “You’re a smart kid, Stowik,” he murmured slowly.
Stowik turned his head to the side, looking at what appeared to be a giant wheat stalk as tall as one of the sandstone blocks. It waved invitingly, its branches rippling in the thin air. The wind was still as a stone. “A forest!” he exclaimed, pointing to the wheat stalk.
Rockhead laughed, realizing Stowik had never seen a tree before—the only plantlife Stowik had been exposed to was what their colony grew in the greenhouse, which was limited to those plant species brought in the Landing. “Looks like I spoke too soon. One is a tree—” he began before Stowik joined him.
“—two is a forest, you won’t find them here, get back to the core-test,” they said in unison. Stowik broke out in uncontained laughter.
“Think we can live here?” asked Stowik after he had quieted.
“Sure, it’s as good as any spot. I can’t believe how far the horizon goes. It’s almost like this world is flat; Earth must be gigantic!” exclaimed Rockhead.
“It doesn’t get cold at night, either,” added Stowik.
“How do you know?” challenged Rockhead.
“If it gets cold, I’ll imagine heat,” murmured Stowik.
Rockhead laughed, “You always were the best Fabricator. We can start tomorrow,” added Rockhead. “The house.”
Stowik looked around and furrowed his brow, “Rockhead, I don’t see any craters nearby for us to build in.”
Rockhead smiled, “We’ll build above ground, then.”
“Above ground?” wondered Stowik aloud. It defied logic.
Rockhead reiterated firmly, “Above ground.”
The two brothers watched the stars come out as the sun set. They had never seen stars so bright—they weren’t used to the thin atmosphere of planet Earth. The stars illuminated everything, but in a softer, more comfortable way than the sun had earlier in the day. And Stowik was right—as they lay under the impossibly vivid stars, neither brother felt a hint of the cold. Even knowing nothing but the cold for their entire lives, the two brothers knew there was something better out there; the warmth. This would be a good place to live. When the sun rose again they missed the stars dearly.
“We should start. It will be fun!” chimed in Stowik when it got bright enough for him to see.
“Yeah, how about that one?” Rockhead pointed at a large sandstone cube over two kilometers high.
Stowik and Rockhead walked over to the looming sandstone block and rested their palms against one side. They began pushing at the same time. The enormous piece of rock resisted initially, and then moved slowly under their great efforts. After several minutes of straining against the rock, they stopped, pleased with its location. They eyed the next block and repeated the procedure over and over until they had pushed together over a dozen of these blocks, each one ranging in size and shape.
The two brothers stood back to survey their work.
“It looks good,” said Stowik smiling.
The shadows grew long as the sun set and the two brothers went to sleep under the starlight again.
Rockhead woke up when the sun rose, the darkness seeming to last only minutes compared to the nights he was used to back home, “It’s not going to hollow out itself.”
“You and I?” asked Stowik.
“I don’t see any other volunteers,” said Rockhead.
Stowik yawned and stretched his arms outward. “Let’s do it. I just realized we haven’t eaten in two droes. Are you hungry?” asked Stowik.
“It’s been two days not droes, Stowik,” countered Rockhead.
“I was just going by the sun,” defended Stowik.
“We’re on Earth-time now. Sixteen days here is one droe back home,” lectured Rockhead.
“But we have days on Titan,” protested Stowik.
“A day is a twenty-four hour unit of time, Stowik—it has nothing to do with the sun. A droe is how long it takes Titan to make one rotation” explained Rockhead. He continued, “So, while the sun has risen and fallen twice, it has only been two days.”
Stowik scratched his head, “And two droes is equal to about one Earth-month?”
“That’s right,” said Rockhead.
“Well, why do we use the Earth-year?” asked Stowik.
“We use the Earth-year,” responded Rockhead, “because if we didn’t, you wouldn’t be five years old—by Titan years, you would be one-sixth of a year old!”
Stowik shook his head and made a face, “That’s just a baby!”
Rockhead laughed and the two brothers gazed up at their creation. They split up to either side of the giant structure and began digging their nails into the walls. For hours every day they worked on hollowing out the structure. On the fifty-first day, their mansion was complete. The mansion was outfitted with hundreds of rooms connected by long hallways and dozens of floors adjoined by massive staircases.
When Stowik and Rockhead woke up, they noticed that two people, if you could call them that, had joined them in their structure overnight. One was just a human skeleton, but the other was a human skeleton with taut green skin. Neither one spoke, and they kept to themselves.
Rock shouldn’t burn, but that didn’t stop the mansion from being aflame. It began for seemingly no reason. The mansion didn’t disintegrate or burn up in the fire, though—it just stood there, a sentinel in the desert, flickering in the tendrils of the flames. It doesn’t hurt either. Stowik walked into another room where he saw three skeletons sitting around the table. The skeletons’ pitch-black eye sockets bored straight through Stowik as they turned and stared at him.
“Where is Rockhead?” he asked.


2520

Outside, the sun rose for the first time in sixteen days, or one droe. Deep inside his windowless quarters, Stowik woke up in darkness and stretched out his powerful limbs as he reoriented himself with his fully-grown body, so different from the five-year-old self in his dream. Trying to rid himself of the frightening fiery images that always ended his recurrent dream, he focused on his limited knowledge of Earth . He had never even seen a picture, but the Elders had told him bits and pieces when he refused to stop pestering. The Earth was massive, they said; it was over twice as big as their home, Titan. They told him it had huge masses of liquid water on the surface. The Elders said if you put all of the ethane lakes on Titan together they still wouldn’t even come close to filling one the oceans of Earth. Stowik asked if Earth had rings like Saturn, but even the Elders didn’t know. He wondered if it was still the same: after all, three hundred and eighty years was a long time. There’s nothing left, he reminded himself.
Stowik opened his eyes and took in his dim surroundings. His abnormally large pupils sucked up all the available light like a black hole. The stained ceiling hung low over his head. He reached up and absentmindedly rubbed the peeling flakes of plastic that hung off of the ceiling. They tore off and gently fluttered down to land beside Stowik’s reclined form. It’s all falling apart, isn’t it? He gently rubbed the patch of exposed ice underneath the peeled plastic wall-coating and let his arm fall back to his side. Time to start the day. He rolled over in his cot and looked across the room at the clock above his workstation’s dark grey tubing. With a groan, Stowik got to his feet.
Stowik lived in the Concrete, deep underground Alpha India where the ethane was pumped. He preferred it down there, with its seemingly never-ending rooms, so huge it seemed to Stowik that each was its own world dying to be explored. Except my own world is dying. He could spend days in the Concrete exploring the forgotten equipment and unused passages. Of course, that was before the Fire, when an Alpha Indianite could spare time for such things. Nevertheless, the grey tubing and dull plastic sheeting lining the walls were comforting, offering protection from the ice on all sides. Over the years, he had marked his trails but had never reached an end to the caverns. But there were more important things to do than explore the caverns of the Concrete—Stowik had sole responsibility of maintaining the ethane pumping system. No one but Stowik really knew how it worked, and he had only learned through years of trial and error. The Fire had destroyed all of the records and most of the infrastructure. The Fire also annihilated 99.9% of the citizens. Welcome to Alpha India, population fifty-one.
Stowik hobbled away from his bed, donned his thermal body suit, and checked the valves and dials at the console. The pressure had dropped another half a tick mark. They were running out of ethane in the aquifer. But why? For hundreds of years the aquifer had held constant. In the past several droes, the levels of ethane Alpha India had been pumping out had began to decline. Burning the hydrocarbon was their lifeline: without their only source of electricity, lighting the plants in the greenhouse would be impossible. They could go on for fifteen droes perhaps, but something had to be done.
Stowik walked past the plastic valves mounted on the winding dark gray tubing and grabbed some greenhouse-grown vegetables out of his refrigerator. Running low. Stowik started eating the greens as he ambled through several darkened rooms until a faint light illuminated the doorway. He walked through to see the colossal contraption of lights casting their glow onto a massive pit of soil. Numerous plants were spread out evenly across the loam, and Stowik could see that some bore their fruit. He eyed a long hose connected to the wall and attached it to the edge of the pit. In a few relaxed movements, Stowik was at the wall and turned the valve. The hose grew taut as water flowed through the tube and into a series of channels that redirected the water and irrigated the soil. Once the pit became saturated, Stowik shut off the valve and turned another valve. This one drew a hydrocarbon-nitrogen sludge from the man-made lake hundreds of meters above him and let it trickle through the hose. It oozed through the channels and found its place in the soil where it would supply nutrients to Stowik’s food source. Satisfied with his daily ritual, Stowik made his way to his workshop. Rockhead’s hopper calls.
Stowik’s brother Rockhead was in charge of exploration missions. Rockhead knew how Titan worked better than anyone. Where Stowik dealt with valves, gas flow, and engines, Rockhead dealt with fluid permeability through ice, aquifer stability, and weather cycles. Stowik had heard the Elders call his art “geology,” but what it came down to was that Rockhead knew the land. He could read it, and hopefully, he could help save Alpha India by figuring out what was depleting their aquifer of ethane. 
Stowik was more technically inclined than Rockhead, preferring to take apart and build things. His responsibility in the Concrete required minimal work as long as he stayed on top of it, which offered him plenty of time to work on the hoppers. He was building one for Rockhead; with a hopper at his disposal, he could cover much more ground, and hopefully come up with a solution to their energy crisis. Stowik was also building a hopper for himself, but had yet to tell the Elders what he was doing. There are enough parts, and no one else knows what to do with them. There was a chance that the Elder’s wouldn’t approve of Stowik’s hoppers. He wanted to make sure they were fully operational when that time came. 
Alpha India’s current mode of transportation was the rover: a machine which worked flawlessly with a combustion engine and ethane as the fuel, but was limited by the terrain. Alpha India was situated in a small crater, which in itself was located inside of a much larger impact crater. Building inside of a crater offered several advantages: the outer walls and foundations are already there. Once the inner structures are completed, debris from outside can be poured on top to offer insulation and radiation protection. Just as importantly, the colonists created an ethane lake on the crater platform that allowed them to siphon off nutrients to their greenhouses simply using gravity.
Building in craters only had one disadvantage: leaving. Alpha India’s surrounding crater rim crest was too steep to manage in one of their rovers. But Stowik’s hopper, a rocket-propelled vehicle that takes off and lands vertically and runs on abundant atmospheric methane, would solve that dilemma. There would be no bounds to where they could explore. And they had to. To survive.
Galaxy-wide human population: fifty-one.
Another half of a tick mark dropped.


Later that day…

Sweat dripped down from Stowik’s forehead as he labored in the gloom of the Concrete. He poured an adhesive liquid on threads he’d just machined and proceeded to tighten a bolt in place with an old ratchet.
In one of the side rooms deep inside the Concrete, Stowik was constructing the hopper. Though yet unfinished, it stood two stories high on its long spider-like legs, and was several meters wide. Stowik was proud of his work; the only thing left to finish the job was to install the engine. He walked over to the huge engine, which stood taller than Stowik and floated silently several feet off the ground, supported by six thick composite wires that hung from the ceiling. The hopper engine could run for thirty-minute intervals, which translated into a range of one hundred kilometers, and refueled in only six hours by absorbing the methane in the atmosphere.
“It’s beautiful.”
Stowik turned around and saw Rockhead standing in front of the hopper, arms crossed.
“Sartis busy or something?” Stowik teased his brother. Stowik couldn’t blame him—Sartis was the prettiest girl in their generation. There were only six, anyways.
Rockhead managed a small smile—the only indication he gave that he had heard his brother’s comment. “What is that for?” inquired Rockhead as he pointed to a small transparent cylinder directly atop the hopper. 
Stowik’s eyes followed Rockhead’s fingers, and then he laughed, “That? It’s for signaling, but mostly for fun. If you find something of interest you can flip a bright green light on. That way we’ll know you found something useful as you’re arriving back at Alpha. I figured it would be good for morale as Alpha watches your return.”
“Good, you told the Elders? Do you have a name for it yet?” asked Rockhead. Stowik looked away momentarily, seeking to dodge the first question.
“No name yet,” replied Stowik as he began lowering the engine onto a large dull grey plastic cart. He would tell the Elders when it was finished. They could put a stop to the whole project. A deep rumble shook the Concrete, causing Stowik to grab onto one of the thick composite wires hanging from the ceiling for support.
“You can really feel the quakes down here,” said Rockhead.
Stowik nodded, “They’re getting more common.”
“I can’t help but wonder that our depleting ethane aquifer and the quakes are related, somehow,” Rockhead shrugged.
“All the more reason we need the hoppers up and running,” Stowik glanced at the engine next to him.
“The Elders once told me that the first humans came here on a rocket. It was probably similar to this one,” mused Rockhead.
“I’ve heard that, too. Lost in the Fire, they said,” said Stowik absentmindedly as he strained against the cart, now heavy with the one-ton hopper engine. He pushed it into place underneath the hopper and began attaching a new set of plastic composite hooks to the engine to lift it into place.
“Why don’t you ever come up? Everyone in Block Two misses you. You forget you are one of fifty-one. We have to stick together,” said Rockhead. 
Stowik didn’t look up. “And I miss them. But my place is down here to keep this place running. If any of the others have any insight into rocket propulsion, they are welcome to come down and help.”
Rockhead laughed and feigned looking to either side, “I don’t see any other volunteers.”
“Besides,” began Stowik, “Block Two? What’s up there for me?” Stowik let out a single laugh as he attached the next dull plastic nut to the bolt and began tightening.
“You know what’s up there,” replied Rockhead. Stowik averted his eyes uncomfortably and tightened the already secure nut.
Rockhead paused to watch his brother work, fastening the engine to the hopper. “You ever wonder what fire looks like?”
Stowik stopped. He had completely forgotten. He had been testing the engine rigorously, but no one else had seen it in action. I’m the only one in Alpha that has seen fire. Stowik looked over at his older brother, “If you can spare a few hours, I can put your wonder to rest,” Stowik offered with a grin.
Rockhead looked up quickly, “Can we do that? Here?	
“Sure thing. Give me a hand here,” Stowik called out over the noise of his tools as he fastened the engine to the hopper. Rockhead quickly ran over to a plastic box filled with tools and picked up a long wrench made of composite plastic identical to Stowik’s. He hefted it in his hand, and apparently satisfied, ran over to Stowik.
Stowik paused and pointed out the bolt, “See here? The engine is right where it wants to be. So long as you don’t hang from it, this should go smoothly. There’s a whole bunch of nuts just like this right behind you. Just bolt ’em on tight, but don’t forget to put this on the threads first.” Stowik handed Rockhead a bottle of the liquid adhesive and a nut the size of his fist.
“Hot damn, you made these by hand?” asked Rockhead in awe.
“Built my own fabricator down here,” grunted Stowik as he resumed tightening the nut. “I guess I don’t get out much.”
Rockhead shook his head in wonder, “Sometimes I wonder about you Stowik. You can hardly talk to people your own age, but you can build your own fabricator from scratch? Amazing.”
“Maybe I’d talk to people my age if there were more than three of them,” countered Stowik.
After several hours of laboring, the two brothers were satisfied that the engine was fastened to the hopper. 
“All right, you ready to see this baby spit some heat?” yelled Stowik from the cockpit of the hopper.
Rockhead grinned, “Hell yeah, let’s see some flames!”
Stowik turned several valves from the cockpit and hit a switch. He slowly eased the throttle forward an inch. Stowik only allowed the burn to last a few seconds in case something went wrong. He held his breath and hoped that the engine was attached to the hopper correctly. If not, he was not exactly in the most tactical position; the cockpit sat directly on top of the engine. His brother’s muffled whooping and hollering twenty-five feet below him confirmed that the burn went smoothly, and he relaxed.
“That was incredible,” called Rockhead as Stowik descended the ladder from the hopper. “When can I take it out?”
“It’s yours now,” said Stowik, “And you’re a fast learner—a couple of droes with me in the cockpit should get you up to speed.”
“When can we start?” demanded Rockhead.
Stowik walked over to the wall and flipped open a panel. His eyes searched the switches in the gloom till he found the one he wanted. With a flick of his finger, a dull thunk sounded. He could feel the ice groaning around him. The two brothers looked up to see the roof folding outward to reveal a huge passage carved into the icy ceiling, leading to the surface. It was big enough to fit ten of the hoppers side by side, a last vestige of Alpha India’s days of glory before the Fire.
“We begin now,” stated Stowik.

One droe later…

“Stowik, it’s not safe! There has to be another way!” cried Aitken, the Elder. At fifty-five years old, he was now the oldest Alpha Indianite alive after his sister died earlier that droe. Lysia had gone on a mining sortie to collect ice to fix a cave-in in Block Three when the quake hit. A rock fall pinned her to the ground, tearing a hole in her thermal suit. She couldn’t best the cold. Lysia froze to death before they could free her.
“Isn’t that Rockhead’s call?” challenged Stowik. Stowik cringed inwardly; wrong move. The Elders have the last call on everything. He was nervous being in front of the Tribunal alone. Rockhead was supposed to be there.
“Truly, it’s touching that you and your brother share such a strong bond that he trusts your handiwork enough to risk his life in your flying contraption, but it simply doesn’t meet safety regulations. There are not enough of us that we can risk our best engineer and our handiest geologist on these, these insane missions. Stowik, if we lose you or Rockhead, what hope do we have?” said Aitken sternly. Stowik’s eyes darted around the Tribunal, looking for support. Five Elders unwaveringly greeted his gaze. Things were not looking good.
“I’ll remind you that we are in this position because we’re looking for some way to fuel the ethane aquifer. We stand to lose the most, but we also stand to gain the most. No one else can pilot the hoppers. No one but Rockhead can find what we’re looking for” argued Stowik.
“And what is it, exactly,” Aitken challenged scathingly, “that you hope to find with the hoppers?” Stowik opened and closed his mouth. He really could use Rockhead’s help right about now. Stowik wasn’t the geologist.
“Unless you want to relocate the colony, the hoppers are our only chance,” was all Stowik could think to say. It came out sounding weak.
“How do you intend to divert any sizable source of ethane to the colony? How do you intend to transport the manpower and equipment over the crater rim? It’s impossible.” Aitken slammed his hand on the table. The vibrations resonated throughout the room. Stowik looked up, expecting to see the cavernous ceiling of ice to come crashing down. It held. For better or for worse.
“Give us twenty four more droes,” pleaded Stowik.
Aitken shook his head, “Twenty four droes? Let me rephrase that: twenty four more orbits around Saturn? I shouldn’t give you another day.” 
To the desperate Stowik, that was a maybe. He continued his plea, “We’ll get clearance before each flight to evacuate the surrounding Blocks. We need this, Aitken. Alpha India needs this. You can pretend that we can go on, but it would be just that: pretend. I live in the Concrete. I see the dials every morning.”
Aitken cast his gaze to the other Elder’s who sat mute, faces set in stone. Staring intently at Stowik, Aitken finally let out a disgruntled sigh, “You have twenty droes. I suggest you leave before I change my mind.”
Stowik sighed. I’ll take it. It didn’t feel like a victory, though. The last thing Stowik needed right now was dissent among his own colony.
“Best the cold, Stowik,” said Aitken, dismissing him.
“Best the cold,” Stowik replied robotically. Stowik retreated from the Tribunal and found himself in Block Two’s main hallway. Rockhead was there to greet him.
Stowik crossed the distance in two swift movements, and a third sent his fist into Rockhead’s arm. “Could have used you in there!”
Rockhead grabbed Stowik’s arm and twisted it, deflecting Stowik’s punch and his anger into a friendlier exchange.
“I’m sure you did a great job by yourself. How’d it go?” he asked, trying to make peace.
Stowik untangled himself from his older brother’s powerful grasp. “Could have gone better. We’ve got twenty more droes. You said you’d be there. Where were you?”
Rockhead averted his gaze, resting it on the wall vent that pumped oxygen into the Blocks so they didn’t have to wear their facemasks indoors; inhaling the hydrocarbon compounds present in the Titan atmosphere was toxic. “I’m sorry. I’m here now, okay? Anyways, I thought they knew about the hoppers already. You lied to me, too. I can’t believe you didn’t tell them.”
“They don’t pay attention to anything that goes on in the Concrete,” growled Stowik.
“Well, waiting for them to notice the hopper cruising overhead was a nice touch. I think the Elders seriously considered training Alpha India in ‘alien invasion defense protocols,” laughed Rockhead, trying to make light of the situation.
Stowik smiled at the memory of the chaos that ensued when his hopper was spotted flying overhead for the first time.
Rockhead backed off, “Gotta run, Boss, I need to find Sartis.” A movement behind Rockhead caught Stowik’s eye; it was Sartis. She sent a swift knee into Rockhead’s butt and he let out a howl.
Stowik laughed, “Looks like she found you first.” Stowik waved his brother off, “I gotta help Dad anyways.” Rockhead and Sartis are spending a lot of time together. Stowik stood alone as he watched his brother and Sartis turn the corner around the dimly lit hallway, holding hands and laughing. As they turned the corner, he saw Rockhead pull Sartis close and whisper in her ear. She giggled, and they hurried off. Stowik was happy for Rockhead; he knew a few guys who would cut off their right hand to be with Sartis. Of course, there were only a few guys in their generation.
A loud beeping filled the hallway. “Tom paging Stowik,” the robotic voice sounded. Ah, shit. This is why I spend all my time in the Concrete: I come up to the Blocks for one Tribunal and everyone wants a piece of me. Stowik raced down the hall to the entrance of Block Three. Navigating the hallways swiftly, Stowik ran his finger along the wall to feel the refreshing bite of the icy cold bleeding through the thin plastic wall-liner. After a minute or so, Stowik reached the plastics refinery, where he knew he’d find his dad.
“Need a hand, quick!” Tom managed, his voice laden with discomfort.
Stowik swiftly ran over to assist his dad, who had his entire arm submerged in a piece of machinery.
“We’ve got a real sticker in here,” said Tom through gritted teeth as he used his strength to keep the gears in their current alignment for Stowik.
“You didn’t clean it out first?” Stowik asked accusingly as he began unscrewing a panel from the side of the machine to reveal the intricate network of interlocking gears and drive belts.
“Just needed a quick fabrication,” Tom grunted from his awkward position.
Stowik rolled his eyes as he parted the gears to look for what was jamming the machine.
“Dad,” Stowik began to reprimand his father, “You only fastened four of the mold’s pins!”
“No shit? I must have been distracted,” Tom said idly.
Stowik shook his head, “You’re lucky it was only a sticker. The mold was coming off the z-axis. You could have fried everything, and it would take droes before I could fix up a new fabricator,” Stowik said as he carefully removed the small piece of plastic jamming the gears. Got it.
“Well, that’s what happens when you send a mining controller to fab some parts,” laughed Tom as he pulled his arm out of the machine.
“Who sent you to fab the parts? Why didn’t you come to me?” demanded Stowik.
“I should have,” muttered Tom, “you’ve been fabbing parts since you were five. Hell, I caught you sneaking into the Block Three Fabrication shop before I caught you stringing a full sentence together.” Tom rumpled Stowik’s hair, who rolled his eyes.
“Ah, the flattery before the storm. What’s wrong?” asked Stowik
“It’s not important. We just had a coupling come loose on the drill and all the spare housings were missing—no need to call in the big guns or anything. Anyway, if you were going to fab the parts for me, I would have to go all the way down to the Concrete to get you; I’m afraid I didn’t have a droe to spare,” Tom teased.
 “Sounds like laziness to me. How’s that going, anyways?” asked Stowik, rubbing the piece of melted plastic between his fingers.
“How’s what going?” asked Stowik’s father absentmindedly as he examined the Fabricator’s mold for any damage.
“The drilling. You’re repairing Block Two, right?” asked Stowik as he reassembled the wall panel to the plastic fabrication machine.
“That’s right,” said Tom as he went through the motions of preparing his plastic-mold correctly. “It’s about time to fix the cave-in. We’ve put it off a bit long for my liking. The Elders said we just didn’t have the manpower, but I think it’s more to do with the memories in that place.” Stowik’s jaw set involuntarily as he remembered the lives lost.
“How much longer?” inquired Stowik.
Tom furrowed his brow as he operated the fixed machine. Behind the transparent window, he pulled a lever down and kept pace with the slowly melting hydrocarbon-plastic mixture. “Don’t know, Stowik. Could be ten droes, could be twenty. The ice to the Eastern flank is really porous.” Tom’s tone grew grave, “And with Lysia gone…” he trailed off.
Stowik cast his gaze to the floor. Aitken’s sister had been the brains behind the Block Two repair project, and everyone felt the loss.
Unsure how to handle the sudden emotional moment, Stowik exited the room with a quick goodbye and began retreating to the Concrete.
As Stowik walked back the way he came, he watched people intermittently walk by carrying assorted items: food, tools, clothing. But the halls felt too big with only fifty-one residents. Stowik recalled his dad telling him that before the Fire, the halls were teeming with Alpha Indianites, but Stowik was too young to remember. Now there are barely enough of us to keep it running. We’re running out of fuel. We’re running out of time. But what can we do? What can I do? Stowik tore off another chipping piece of plastic from the wall. Cracks developed on the margins of the tear; soon those would peel off, too.


That evening…

“It’s nice to see your face once in a while, you know. We all thought the Concrete swallowed you whole!” laughed Stowik’s mom, Ellis.
Stowik shrugged and failed to conceal a small smile. It was nice to feel needed. More than a droe had passed since he joined his family at the mess hall. The mess hall was located directly in the center of Block Two, a large room dotted with plastic tables surrounded by undulating walls. Nested in these walls were eight doors, each of which led to a different section of the Block. The icy ceiling hung low over the Alpha Indianites’ heads as fifty-one bodies sat eating. They didn’t come close to filling the space; the mess hall was large enough to seat hundreds.
“How did the Tribunal go?” Ellis asked.
“Could have been better,” Stowik said.
“Could have been a lot worse,” chimed in Rockhead. He had one hand on his spoon and the other on Sartis’ knee.
“What are you guys trying to find outside Alpha anyways?” asked Tom.
Rockhead finished chewing with a large gulp before he answered, “Our aquifer was fed by ground ethane. We can’t jump-start that again, but if we find a perennial ethane lake, we can divert it to our aquifer. I’m mapping out the lakes in the area and measuring the recharge over time. That’s why it’s important that we do this over a period of many droes.” Sartis gave him a quick peck on the cheek, clearly proud of Rockhead’s hard work. Stowik looked away.
Tom nodded, “Sounds good, son.”
Rockhead added slowly, “No candidates yet, but it’s only a matter of time.”
“How did you plan on diverting the flow?” Ellis wondered out loud.
“The hoppers can transport equipment over the rim crest. Plus, they can fly in tandem when the extra lift is needed,” Stowik answered. Rockhead looked up nervously.
“What?!” demanded Sartis, “You mean to tell me you two were planning on carrying loads between the hoppers?” Stowik nodded immediately and Rockhead shot him a glare.
“We’re just planning for all contingencies, Sartis—” Rockhead began before Sartis cut him off.
“Honestly, I see why your brother calls you a rockhead.”
“You’ve got it all wrong—it’s because someone with my intellect is as rare as a rock on Titan’s surface,” joked Rockhead to ease the tension. Stowik choked on his food as Sartis rolled her eyes. Rockhead ignored them both, “Anyway, flying in tandem isn’t even on the table yet. Right now we’re just worried about finding candidate reservoirs,” defended Rockhead confidently. Calmed by Rockhead’s reassurances, Sartis gave him another dazzling smile and an affectionate squeeze on the arm.
The group ate in silence for a few moments. Sartis subtly nudged Rockhead. The only one to notice was Stowik, who looked on curiously.
Rockhead coughed and made eye contact with both of his parents and Stowik.
“Sartis and I are going to couple,” Rockhead said confidently, without preamble. Ellis stopped eating. Tom put his spoon down. Rockhead and Sartis waited on nervously while Stowik continued munching away, trepidatious. When did this happen? If he thinks this means less time in the hoppers he’s got another thing coming. Am I about to lose my best friend?
“Son…” began Tom, caught off guard but smiling.
“Congratulations!” Ellis yelled, throwing herself across the table to hug Rockhead and Sartis. Her maneuver sent her food flying everywhere. Tom was behind Rockhead now, giving him a pat on the back.
“Couldn’t have picked better,” Tom said to Rockhead as he gave Sartis an exaggerated wink.
“And what about you, Stowik?” Ellis said loud enough for the whole group hear, “It’s about time you ought to be thinking about coupling, too.”
All eyes were on Stowik now as he fidgeted uncomfortably under their gaze. “I have time yet,” he replied. There weren’t too many options for Stowik, and he wasn’t particularly fond of any of the women his age.
“What about Rable? She’s cute,” suggested Sartis. Ellis nodded in agreement. Stowik made a face. Rable?
“She’s great, but I’m not concerned right now with coupling,” Stowik replied haughtily. Ellis and Tom exchanged looks.
“You should seriously consider it,” Ellis said gravely. “I mean it.”
Stowik looked up. “What are you saying?”
“There are fifty one of us, dear. You’re already twenty-five. We can’t afford to let a healthy man like yourself go to waste,” said Ellis. Go to waste? “We’ve talked to the Elders and they also think it’s a good idea,” continued Ellis gently.
“What? You’re arranging this without my consent? Coupling is the last thing on my mind right now!” growled Stowik.
“Think about the future of Alpha India!” Ellis whispered urgently, hoping others in the mess hall couldn’t overhear their conversation. This is sick. They are insane. Stowik tossed up his hands and left the table. I don’t have time for this. Rockhead’s hopper needs pre-flight maintenance.
“You,” Stowik pointed at Rockhead. “We’ve got another sortie tomorrow past the Eastern rim crest. Let’s go over it, okay? In the Concrete after dinner. Best the cold,” he said dismissively. Stowik didn’t wait for Rockhead to respond as he swiftly left the mess hall.
Ellis shrugged and the group finished their meal, their joy returning for Rockhead and Sartis.


Twelve droes later…

Stowik stepped outside into the thick Titan air. He reached down and depressed a small button on his boot. Small plastic spikes lazily protruded out of his rubber soles as the air bladder in the sole inflated. Without warming, a quake hit, and the ground vibrated relentlessly beneath Stowik, causing him to kneel down to keep his balance. If these quakes keep up, we’re going to have a lot more problems then just replacing the ethane aquifer. A moment later, the quake passed and Strowik stood up hesitantly. He set off, and his feet plodded rhythmically along the old unused path as he made his way up the shallow incline, his spiked boots making soft scratching noises as they abraded the ice with each footfall. Through his facemask, his breathing was more strained than what he was accustomed to, but it felt nice to feel the soft wind on his neck where his thermal suit had poor coverage. That was something he’d missed from his days deep inside the Concrete. I’d never tell him this, but I see why Rockhead spends so much time out here. Stowik checked his thermal suit’s thermometer: -52° C. He was sweating inside his thermal suit. From the heat, or the anticipation? He looked around, his large pupils scanning the icy landscape and coming to rest on the rounded grey rocks that dotted the ground. A small lake of liquid ethane caught his eye and he took a moment to watch the slow predictable motion of the waves propagate across the surface. Hydrocarbon particles danced around his ankles, carried by the wind. It was a clear day and through the haze he could make out Jupiter directly above him, larger and brighter than any of the stars. His eyes tracked downward and he admired the massive beauty of Saturn and its rings resting along the horizon. Stowik noted the position of Saturn halfway below the horizon and turned his attention to Castle Mountain, the highest part of the crater rim surrounding Alpha India; Rockhead should be cresting the one and a half kilometer peak any second.
This world truly was beautiful, and he felt a pang of regret for missing it all these years. The first of Alpha India couldn’t even go outside because it was so cold back then, and now that it’s warm enough for humans, the terraformed climate is wasted on me. He stopped to take a rest; Stowik was unused to walking great distances outside, and he had to regulate his pace, as his facemask could only filter the scant oxygen out of Titan’s atmosphere so quickly. At least with the hoppers done, I’ll have more of a reason to venture above.
Shivering from the cold, Stowik rubbed his arms with his gloved hands to stay warm. There. A glimmer of light reflected off of the shiny plastic carapace of the hopper. Stowik’s full attention was on the hopper as it crested the peak of Castle Mountain. As the hopper came closer, Stowik could see that the green signal light was on. This is it. After half a year, he finally found something! But something was wrong. As Stowik’s eyes focused on the ever-nearing hopper, he made out large amounts of smoke trailing the vehicle. This is not good. Come on, just a little closer, Rockhead. Five more minutes, just land safely. The hopper began decelerating several tens of kilometers away, and its path became more erratic. Stowik’s chest tightened from anxiety, and his stomach felt hollow with fear. His lungs compressed thinner than the plastic sheets that lined the icy interior of Alpha India. He couldn’t breathe. The sound of hissing preventing him from focusing. The hopper began pitching and yawing a great deal, leaving a sinuous and chaotic trail of smoke in its wake. Oh, shit. This can’t be happening. What did I do wrong? I’ve checked out the hopper before and after every flight. But I did it. Not Rockhead, not anyone else. I missed something. I got careless. Oh, shit. Please don’t let it cost my brother his life. When he gets back I’m going to tear that thing apart and make it better than new. He must be scared to death right now. Oh, shit.
Stowik watched the hopper stabilize and breathed a sigh of relief. Then the hopper pitched over on its side. It began picking up speed and plunged towards the icy surface. Stowik couldn’t believe his eyes.
“Turn the damn thing right side up, damn it!” he shouted into the thick Titan air. “Up, up, up! Damn it, Rockhead! You dumbass, pull back up!” Stowik yelled a continuous stream of instruction into a medium with no one to hear. Except there was someone. Sartis had suddenly appeared at his side.
“I heard shouting, what’s going on?” panted Sartis before she saw the line of smoke torpedoing through the sky. She fell silent as she realized it was Rockhead, her tobecoupled, heading the sinuous smoke trail. Her fists tightened.
Stowik’s ears registered the crash before his brain did.
“Rockhead, no!”
Stowik deflated, and Titan’s miniscule gravity overcame his strength. His mind and body crumpled and his knees hit the firm ground. He couldn’t feel the jagged terrain or the bitter cold of the ice that bit into his skin. He could only stare at the plume of smoke that rose from the crash several kilometers away. His brain moved slower than the plastic ice beneath him.
I am one of fifty. Best the cold, Rockhead.
Stowik felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked up to see Sartis standing behind him, tears brimming on her eyes. They sought each other’s eyes for support. There was nothing to say.


Half a droe later…

It was a green light that came back. That was important. Dozens of sorties had come back without a light. Finding what his brother had found eight days ago could mean saving Alpha India. The clock was ticking, after all—no lights means no food. Would I be able to recognize it if I saw it? Whatever it is. I don’t know the land like Rockhead did. Doubts clawed at Stowik, bur there wasn’t time to teach anyone else how to use the hopper. Besides, it was too late to change his mind.
Stowik was currently thirty meters off the ground, slowly rising out of the Concrete. His hopper engine screamed as it pumped hundreds of gallons of methane and oxygen into the combustion chamber, which channeled the exploding gases through the five output nozzles.
Stowik’s hopper broke the out of the Concrete and cleared the surface. He pushed the throttle forward and carefully pitched the craft’s nose downward to gain lateral thrust. The hopper sped forward, and Stowik kept the craft aligned to the direction of Rockhead’s last failed sortie. Briefly, Stowik imagined what the Elders would say to him when he returned. Defying an Elder’s directive came with dire consequences. He could almost see Aitken’s stone face turn to ice at the Tribunal surrounding Rockhead’s death, announcing, “All hopper sorties are now terminated.” But there was a green light. Rockhead wouldn’t signal green if it weren’t something big. The Elders are too stubborn in their effort trying to protect the fifty we have left. Well so am I.
Stowik steeled his nerves as Castle Mountain reared up into his view. Crossing the edge of the crater seemed a lot more foreboding when flying on top of several tons of explosive rocket fuel. Going to have to dial that one back. He nudged the craft upwards cautiously to avoid using any more fuel than necessary. The peak became closer and closer. He looked down at his fuel gauge. Thirty seconds.
Cutting it close. He was over the peak and onto the other side, out of the crater. He gave himself the leisure of looking around as he barreled through Titan’s thick atmosphere at over one hundred kilometers an hour. Twenty seconds of fuel left.
Looks the same on the other side. Great, I have no clue what I’m looking for. Stowik began cutting thrust to the engines, which dropped his altitude along the side of the mountain. He hastily scanned the ground that lay twenty meters below him for a landing site. 
Boulders, a dune field, a steep incline…there! Stowik lowered his craft to the flat area he spotted. His engine cut out before he could lower his craft all the way to the ground. He could hear the sputtering whine of the engine. With a sudden lurch the hopper careened through the air and quickly fell the last three meters. Stowik’s stomach reeled inside his abdomen as his hopper crashed down on its arachnoid legs, which acted as suspension and absorbed much of the shock. Just like that, it was over. Stowik began using his lungs again after the short hiatus and looked out the cockpit window, barely suppressing a relieved grin. 
As good a landing as any. 
Stowik unstrapped himself from the seat and grabbed his facemask from under his seat. He placed the strap around his head and fitted the mouthpiece over his mouth and nose. He breathed in deeply to test that it had made a proper seal. Satisfied, Stowik cracked open the hatch and descended from the cockpit, making his way under the hopper to start the refueling process. Stowik turned several valves to allow the hopper to absorb methane from the atmosphere for the next flight. He looked around. Six hours to kill. Stowik hiked up the leeward side of the mountain and found a small alcove under an ice overhang. Resting with his back against a large ice boulder, he sat mulling over his next move, or lack thereof. He didn’t know what he was looking for, but he was sure it was out here. What did Rockhead find? A way to replenish the aquifer? A stream or lake to divert to the aquifer? Maybe he found some kind of fault that intersects it. Is the depleting aquifer related to the quakes? I wonder if he knew how big the aquifer is. Stowik resigned himself to not knowing and began to drift off to sleep as he gazed at the methane clouds passing in front of him. His eyes twitched rapidly as his mind again, as always, told him the story of an oppressively hot alien world with no horizon and sandstone blocks waiting to be hollowed out.


Eight hours later…

Stowik awoke to the gentle pitter-patter of tiny methane droplets landing on his face. He galvanized his aching body up slowly and decided to stretch. He contorted his body and uncoiled his compressed muscles until the cloud fled over the mountains. Rejuvenated, Stowik bounded down the mountain at a running pace and quickly made his way under the hopper to close the fuel intake valves. He braced his body against one of the valves, and strained. The sharp noise of footsteps filled his ears. They were moving fast. He turned around and a heavy object slammed into his jaw. The blow caused Stowik to bite down on the inside of his cheek, and he tasted blood as his momentum carried him down. He landed face-down on the ground with a thud. The Elders sent people after me? How did they get past the crater rim? Stowik quickly turned up to face his attacker and instead stared into the hole of a long plastic cylinder and a bright light in the assailant’s other hand. Too bright. He wasn’t sure what the cylinder was, and he was too busy making a mechanical assessment of the object to notice that the girl’s scowl made the cylinder’s purpose clear enough. She was standing above him breathing heavily, brandishing the strange device and staring at Stowik with narrowed eyes, as if deciding his fate. Her hardened eyes darted from him to the hopper. Stowik’s large pupils took her in. She wore a grey skin-tight thermal one-piece suit similar to his own and had blonde hair that fell down to her shoulders. Like Stowik, she also wore some type of face mask that covered her nose and mouth. He didn’t recognize her. How is that possible? There’s only fifty-one of us. Who the hell is that? Where did she come from? Did she follow me out of Alpha? No, that’s impossible. I don’t get out of the Concrete much, but I know each of the Alpha Indianites and I don’t recognize her face.
“Who are you?” blurted out Stowik. He lay on the cold ground and waited for an explanation through squinted eyes. It’s so bright.
Finally, the girl spoke up, “You don’t dress like an Arksent,” she stated, “and you don’t sound like Opposition.”
Stowik ignored the statement, because he didn’t understand it. “You’re not from Alpha India. Where did you come from? There are other humans on Titan?” replied Stowik. Needles prodded his eyes. Stowik clenched and unclenched his right fist. I probably have eighty pounds on her. Could I take her down before she hit me with the cylinder? What if it’s not just a club?
“You’re not Arksent or Opposition are you?” asked the girl.
“Why on Earth did you hit me?” inquired Stowik. He looked away. His eyes sought respite from the light of her cylinder.
“We are not on Earth,” stated the girl bluntly.
What a know-it-all “It’s an expression. Do you know what an expression is?” retorted Stowik.
The girl rolled her eyes. “I wish you would tell me, but I’m a bit busy trying to escape from Arksent soldiers. And I’m not convinced you aren’t one of them,” added the girl, though she lowered her weapon slightly, still keeping the searing light in her other hand trained on Stowik.
Stowik stood up and rubbed his knee where it had impacted the unforgiving ground. Stowik could practically feel his pupils straining to contract and avoid the flood of brightness, but too many years in the Concrete had left them weak. That damn light
“Well I guess you’d better get moving then,” he said as he covered his eyes with his arm.
The girl shook her head, “No, you aren’t Arksent.”
The girl twisted and pointed behind her, her blonde hair dancing around her neck, “They are several kilometers south and closing quickly on their rovers. At least a dozen Arksent soldiers. What does this machine do? Is this a vehicle? Where are the wheels?”
Stowik’s screaming eyes darted south involuntarily. Soldiers? This isn’t my fight. Stowik walked to the side of the hopper to climb up. He felt her hand grip his shoulder and whip him around. Once again, he faced the barrel of the mysterious cylinder.
“I’m coming with you,” she stated. She turned off the light. It felt like he was lapping up ice cold water after droes in the desert. The stars receded from Stowik’s vision.
Stowik looked warily at her, “There’s no room. It’s a one man vehicle.”
“Works for me, as there is only one man here.” She immediately leapt up onto the hopper and scrambled up to the cockpit. The girl peered in and yelled down to Stowik, “I see room.”
Shit. Rising dust caught Stowik’s eyes. The soldiers were near. What if they take my hopper? What if they think I’m with her?
“There is no way you’re getting in my hopper, especially after you attacked me,” said Stowik as he mulled his tongue around his cheek, tasting the fresh blood oozing out of his wound. “Get out of the way,” stated Stowik firmly as he clambered up the ladder.
Imbria responded by pointing her weapon at Stowik, “I’ll get out of your way, but that will involve pumping you full of lead. That wouldn’t do either of us any good would it?”
“What the hell are you talking about?” yelled Stowik. What’s lead? He craned his neck back to watch for the soldiers. They were getting closer every second. She’s wasting time. A loud boom interrupted his thoughts as dirt was thrown up next to his feet.
“What was that?” yelled Stowik as he covered his ears. His vision moved from the small hole at his feet to the plastic cylinder in the girl’s hand. Did that just do that?
“That is your survival instinct telling you to start your machine and get us out of here now,” the girl said. The sounds of engines filled Stowik’s ears. He turned around and saw several vehicles in the distance. Time for a leap of faith.
Stowik ran under the hopper, closed the valve with a grunt, and clambered up the side of the hopper. He closed the hatch, sealing them in.
“Hold on to something,” Stowik commanded as he strapped himself into his seat. Damn rookie. 
The girl crouched behind the seat and held on tightly. Stowik flipped several switches to release methane and oxygen into the combustion chamber of the hopper. He pushed the throttle forward and could feel the raw power of the engine thrusting against the ground. The hopper twitched and then was in the air. It was rising too slowly. This girl is dead weight. He looked out below him and saw six rovers filled with uniformed men and women. They were racing towards him, their treads violently throwing up hydrocarbon dust into the air. The soldiers were less than a kilometer away and closing fast. Time to move. Stowik gave the hopper all the juice he could. The soldiers were almost directly under him now, but they made no attempt to fire on the vehicle. Won’t argue with that. The hopper pitched forward and gained speed quickly. The soldiers tried to follow on land, but they couldn’t compete with the hopper’s speed over the bumpy terrain.
Soon enough, the hopper was over the horizon and into unfamiliar land. A towering cliff reared up, and Stowik increased the hopper’s elevation to pass over it. He traveled along the plateau for some time as he passed hydrocarbon dune fields and a modest ethane pool. The wind was howling against the hopper and Stowik fought against the controls to keep the craft stable. He gazed at the fuel gauge and saw that he had already depleted half of his reserves. Satisfied that the danger was behind him, Stowik slowly decreased his speed and set the hopper down gently on the icy plateau. Stowik and the girl both removed their facemasks.
“Okay, they’re gone. Get out,” said Stowik as he rubbed his jaw.
“You don’t care that there are other humans on Titan? I heard you ask,” said the girl.
Me and my big mouth. “I was hoping my first interaction with Others would not have started with getting hit in the face, having a light shined in my eyes, getting attacked by whatever that is,” Stowik continued after gesturing to the girl’s weapon, “and then getting run out of town by whoever the hell those guys were. And I’m no expert, but I think the next part is where you thank me for the ride and get out of my hopper?”
Stowik reached into a box behind his seat to grab some vegetables. Stowik sat in his chair and munched on the fresh greens, his legs propped against a dashboard-like ledge above the fuel gauge as he stared at the girl and waited for her to either leave or reply.
“I admit, we may have gotten off to a bad start. I thought you were with them,” she tilted her head in the direction they came. She gazed hungrily at the food. And now she’s all smiles. Great. Stowik sighed loudly and offered some of his food to the girl, who hastily grabbed them from him and hastily began devouring the vegetables.
“I take it your side doesn’t feed well, then,” commented Stowik.
The girl’s mild expression immediately turned into a frown, but she said nothing as she chewed.
“I’m Stowik,” he offered to the girl.
When the girl didn’t reply, he coughed, “Let me rephrase that. I’m Stowik. I just saved your ass after you assaulted me, and now I’ve given you some of my food. Don’t you have anything to say for yourself?”
“Where I’m from, we finish chewing before we speak. My name is Imbria. Anyway, what kind of name is Stowik?” the girl asked.
Stowik fidgeted nervously, uncomfortable with the question, “A good kind,” he said as he looked out the cockpit at the cratered landscape, dotted by dune fields, “I’ve never seen the dune fields so close,” Stowik commented, changing the subject.
“Is there another way to see them?” asked Imbria sarcastically.
“In one of the Authochton’s drawings,” murmured Stowik.
“Authochthons?” interrupted Imbria.
“The first colonizers,” said Stowik. “One was quite an artist; he made a book of drawings of the Titan landscape.”
“Drawings? Like blueprints or a map?”
Stowik laughed, “Drawings, like art.”
“What is art?” asked Imbria.
“What? You don’t have art?” asked Stowik in disbelief.
“We might; I am simply unfamiliar with your terminology,” said Imbria defensively.
“Art is something that people admire for its own sake. It can be a form of expression, or lack thereof. It can be beautiful or ugly, depending on who looks at it. I don’t know how to describe it…I guess you could consider the landscape art. The Autochton did, of course.” Rockhead always did. “Even if you don’t have the word for art, surely you must have the feeling,” Stowik explained.
“We create only to survive. We make oxygen masks to filter the atmosphere. We make thermal suits to stay warm. We make tunnels and outposts in the cliffs to hide from the Arksent. We make guns to fight back. The Autochthon drew the landscape with no strategic purpose? Seems pointless. Your Autochton would be better off with a map,” said Imbria.
“We have those too,” defended Stowik, “but the drawings are useful. Some of them are of Earth.”
“Like you can tell those are real” scoffed Imbria.
Stowik’s eyes widened with shock, “Of course they are real. An Autochthon drew them.”
“But the Autochtons could have drawn anything and you wouldn’t know the difference,” Imbria pointed out.
“They are real,” Stowik said firmly.
“I’d like to see that book,” said Imbria indifferently.
“You can’t. It was lost in the fire. I never even got to see it,” said Stowik. He looked out the window as if the particles that made up the book were in the air surrounding them.
“Then how did you see the drawings?” accused Imbria. 
Stowik was rummaging around beneath the console and didn’t hear the question, or pretended not to. Imbria sat in the cockpit of the hopper in silence while Stowik rearranged things that were already in their correct places.
“Can you leave now?” asked Stowik.
“Do you feel okay? Your pupils are abnormally large; I can barely see your irises.”
“Now that you turned that damned light off. They’re always like that. You might want to put your facemask on. I’m opening the hatch,” replied Stowik as he donned his mask.
“The hatch? Why?” asked Imbria.
“It’s the second fastest way for you to get the hell out of my hopper. The fastest way is to push you through the window, but I spent three weeks collecting enough silica to make each panel, so when you do the math, it’s actually faster for you to leave the traditional way,” said Stowik.
Imbria apparently ignored his statement. “Do everyone’s eyes in Alpha India look like that?” she asked, clearly fascinated by Stowik’s appearance.
“You’re not going to put your mask on? I’m really going to open the hatch, and then you’ll probably pass out from inhaling the hydrocarbons,” said Stowik.
Imbria waved him off, “That’s stuff to scare children; you don’t pass out by inhaling the atmosphere, the negative health effects are much more long-term.”
Stowik let out a sigh, frustrated with Imbria’s smart-ass attitude, “Yes, everyone in Alpha India looks like this. Your pupils are quite small. Is that why you need a light to see?” Stowik asked.
She shrugged, “I suppose. What is this vehicle? Where did you get it?”
“I’d love to chat, but I know you are on your way out,” said Stowik as he lifted the hatch. Imbria scrambled to put her mask on and glared at Stowik.
“You can’t just leave me here!” yelled Imbria.
Stowik descended the ladder and tested the ground with his foot for show, “Looks sturdy enough to me.”
“We’re on a plateau. I’d be trapped!” said Imbria as she started to raise her weapon at Stowik.
“If you kill me with that thing, you’d really be trapped. Unless you think you’re up to piloting the hopper?” said Stowik from the base of the ladder. He watched her submit and lower her weapon. “I thought so.”
“Back there,” Imbria gestured in the direction they came from, “you asked me if there are other humans on Titan. You might act all tough but I can tell you’re pretending. Don’t act like you don’t have questions. Get me to an Opposition base and I’ll tell you whatever you want to know.” She didn’t budge from her perch in the cockpit.
“Well, now that I’ve seen what other humans on Titan are like, I’m not interested,” Stowik said quickly.
Imbria’s mouth dropped, clearly interpreting his statement as a personal insult to her physical appearance, “That is extremely rude.” Imbria turned away from Stowik as far as the tight confines of the hopper cockpit would allow, her brow set in anger.
Me and my big mouth again. Stowik grabbed one of the ladder rungs. “I didn’t…I just meant,” Stowik stuttered, “Damn it.” This girl is impossible.
“You can get off your high horse, you’re no prince charming yourself,” said Imbria haughtily. Stowik rolled his eyes.
“Who are the Opposition, what is the Arksent, and why are they chasing you?” demanded Stowik.
Imbria turned to face Stowik below, her eyes examining him in with something bordering on disdain, as if she was contemplating whether or not to respond. After a moment, she spoke, “Well, I’m the Opposition—my team and I. We’re at war with the Arksent.” She stated, staring through the cockpit window into the dark landscape. She spoke loudly so Stowik could hear her on the ground. “My team and I were conducting a raid in Arksent territory, trying to interrupt a supply convoy. The Arksent were transporting parts for a new mining operation in the south. We ambushed the convoy, but we were betrayed—they were waiting for us all along. We never had a chance,” she shook her head sadly and her voice dropped to a whisper. “No one else made it.”
Stowik felt a pang of sympathy for Imbria. Sensing that Stowik was less eager than before to throw her out of the hopper, Imbria pressed her advantage and gave Stowik the information she knew he wanted. Talking quickly, she revealed that The Opposition had split from the Arksent some years ago and had since taken to carving out the Titan landscape with outposts from which to survive. Outposts from which to raid the Arksent for supplies, fueling their efforts and damaging the Arksent economy at the same time. The Opposition were seeking to reconcile with the Arksent eventually, but on their terms: only under Opposition leadership could both groups survive.
“But why are you at war?” he pressed. He rested his hands on his hips and inhaled the cold air as he looked at the cratered landscape.
 Imbria frowned, uncomfortable with the question, and changed the subject, “What brings you to this region?” she asked.
“It’s still your turn to answer questions,” said Stowik.
Imbria raised her weapon and pointed it down at Stowik, “Don’t test me. Now it’s your turn. What are you doing here? You’re practically in a war zone.”
“An aquifer—a store of liquid ethane deep underground—provides all of the fuel for Alpha India. Recently the ethane levels have been depleting rapidly, and we can’t figure out why. I’m searching for some way to divert more fuel into the aquifer,” Stowik replied.
“The Arksent,” Imbria cursed. “Their scientists conduct strange research. We’ve received reports of genetic experiments, but we don’t know the details. What we do know is that the Arksent developed a microorganism that feeds off of ethane. They released it onto Titan to attempt to cut off our fuel supplies. It seems to me that the microorganisms have found their way into your aquifer.”
Stowik crossed his legs and sat down on the icy surface. He was silent for several minutes as he thought to himself.
“How do you stop the microorganisms?” asked Stowik.
Imbria shrugged, “You leave.”
Microorganisms? So there are not only other humans, but other life on Titan? If Imbria’s telling the truth, all of Alpha will have to relocate. Maybe Alpha would better off with Imbria as our ally, even if she is pushy.
“So do you need to be dropped off somewhere?” inquired Stowik, offering the proverbial olive branch in spite of his earlier frustration.
Imbria thought for a moment and then spoke, “We’ll go to an Opposition base—there is one close by. I must inform them of the outcome of the raid, and I think they would like to meet you.”


One day later…

Stowik followed Imbria out of the hopper and looked around. They landed on the rim of a crater, nowhere near as large as the one that surrounded Alpha India. A light rain peppered them with tiny methane droplets as a cool breeze raised the hair on the little exposed skin Stowik had. Imbria began descending down the canyon on a steep trail, and Stowik followed. After almost an hour of navigating the treacherous path, they reached the bottom of the crater wall. Imbria made her way along the floor of the crater, following the adjacent crater wall. She stopped at a large door, barely visible to Stowik’s untrained eyes, and banged on it twice, loudly. 
A minute passed before the screech of the lock could be heard, and the door opened. In the doorway stood a large bearded man dressed in the same way as Imbria. Imbria spoke several soft words to him, leaving Stowik, the outsider, to wonder what she said. After rescuing her from the Arksent soldiers, it better be a request to get me a nice place to rest and a cup of warm water. After several moments the man nodded, and Imbria motioned for Stowik to follow her through the passage into the ice wall. The door closed behind him and the three Titanians fell into a shroud of darkness for a moment. Stowik found it unpleasant and difficult to breathe in the thick, stifling air. 
The large bearded man spoke, his deep voice raspy from a lifetime of yelling orders, “Stowik, I am called Tharsis. Thank you for bringing Imbria back to us.” 
Stowik nodded. Tharsis turned around and led them through a short but winding passage through the ice, and they reached a large room with a low ceiling. Stowik looked around and he noticed that he could still see his breath, despite being inside. This whole structure is carved from ice, just like Apha India. He reached out and brushed the side of the wall. But they don’t have the plastic sheeting. Stowik let out an involuntary shiver as his body registered the lower temperature for the first time.
 Tharsis stepped away from Stowik and Imbria, and they immediately found themselves surrounded by two dozen of the Opposition soldiers. Stowik scanned their features. They all wore the same grey one-piece thermal suits as Imbria, and were of medium build. Some looked younger than Stowik, but there were more than a few hardened looking soldiers sporting lines of grey in their hair. They stood in silence, waiting.
Imbria was the first to speak, addressing the group as a whole, “The raid was a failure. The others are captured or dead,” she paused and gauged their reaction, and found only blank faces. Satisfied with their discipline, she continued, “I, too, was nearly caught by the Arksent soldiers when I found him,” she pointed to Stowik, “but he has a flying vehicle, and we were able to escape. He is called Stowik, and he is our guest here. Stowik comes from a colony whose fuel source is being terrorized by the Arksent.”
Is Imbria their leader? These guys are waiting on her every word. One of the soldiers with salt and pepper hair spoke up while scrutinizing Stowik’s features, “Incredible. Another human colony. How many outposts do you have?”
Another Opposition, a girl of Sartis’ age with short brown hair down to her ears raised her voice, “Look at his eyes!”
The tall, bulky soldier next to Imbria yelled out and backed away from the pair swiftly, “Imbria! Imbria’s eyes are the same! You went raiding with normal eyes, and now…”
“And now they look like his,” added the Opposition girl.
The Opposition soldiers jostled the shocked soldier out of the way and huddled even closer to Stowik and Imbria to see their eyes, and a gentle murmur arose from the group in amazement.
Imbria’s brow furrowed, “Keep your facemasks on, everyone. These…eyes…could be contagious.” She shot an accusatory look at Stowik, who returned her gaze with a shrug of confoundment.
With a small movement of her wrist, Imbria sent the soldiers back to their tasks. As if nothing had happened, the soldiers were back to planning the next raid, discussing politics and strategies in low voices, and inventorying supplies, while others rested slumped against the wall, arms crossed to conserve heat. Imbria and Stowik stood alone.
“You never told me why you are at war with the Arksent,” stated Stowik.
Imbria sighed before she replied, “Once, we were one people, all a part of the Arksent, the only human settlement on Titan. Keep in mind, the fact that your colony exists is some kind of strange occurrence, though it is too early to say whether a curse or a miracle. Anyway, a new technology was developed, one that was supposed to supply our energy needs forever: The Turbine. They said we would never have to burn ethane again. It was clean, required little maintenance, and we would never run out of fuel. So they said.”
“Why would you go to war over that? Stowik asked incredulously.
“The Turbine isn’t the answer, and it has and will do more harm than good,” replied Imbria.
“Then why aren’t the Arksent citizens against it? I presume there are still Arksent citizens.”
“Because they recognize that burning ethane has its own problems, so many of them believe that we should give The Turbine a chance. It is true that we can’t keep up our ethane consumption as is. We’re drastically changing the chemistry of the atmosphere, which will affect the climate,” replied Imbria.
“In what way?” asked Stowik.
“Our records show that when Titan’s first colonizers arrived, Titan’s atmosphere was quite thick. Thick enough to prevent the sun’s heat from entering, so much so that Titan was one hundred and thirty degrees colder than it is now. Basically, you couldn’t step outside without a special suit. It would have been much more cumbersome than the thermal suits you and I wear. Not to mention, humans had yet to introduce oxygen into to the atmosphere and the pressure was greater. The air was even more toxic than it is now. Back then, a facemask wouldn’t cut it, and the lifespan was much shorter,” explained Imbria,
“The Elders told me the same thing,” said Stowik.
 “My father was a scientist,” said Imbria sadly, “he was the leading researcher on Titan’s climate. He proved that Titan’s atmosphere is currently in a balancing act, and that if we continue to burn ethane as our fuel source, the atmospheric heat storage capacity will become so low that a lot of the heat will escape, and we’d plunge into a cold era. Think of it like this: if the atmosphere is too thick, it reflects the sun’s heat and makes Titan cold—these are the conditions the original colonists encountered. If the atmosphere is too thin, Titan’s atmosphere can’t effectively trap the sun’s heat and again, it’s cold—this is where we’re headed. We need to be somewhere in the middle.
“So, when the Autochthons burnt ethane, it raised the temperature, but if we continue to burn ethane, it will decrease the temperature?” asked Stowik nervously.
“Exactly. The compounds that result from burning ethane are carbon dioxide and water, and they are far less efficient at trapping heat than ethane. If Titan’s temperature drops below the point at which water ice sublimates into water vapor, Titan’s atmospheric oxygen cycle will stop.”
“How?” asked Stowik as he realized that this was probably the longest conversation he had ever had with a girl.
“Titan’s oxygen is replenished by the dissociation of hydrogen and oxygen when water vapor interacts with cosmic rays. Reduce the water vapor, and you can say goodbye to the oxygen.”
“And how close is Titan’s temperature from that point?” Stowik quivered as the truth hit home—the Arksent had to be stopped.
“Three degrees.” The words hit Stowik right in the solar plexus. What could he do? Would Alpha India be able to adapt? It wasn’t fair, that the Arksent’s activities could effect Alpha; the two colonies didn’t even know eachother existed. He had to tell the Elders.
They sat in silence for a moment.
“And the alternative, this Turbine thing, is worse?” asked Stowik, already knowing the answer. After all, why where the Opposition and the Arksent at war?
Imbria nodded, “The original colonists left records behind showing that Titan’s crust is overlying a global ocean layer just one hundred kilometers below the surface. People asked: what if we could tap into that energy? People asked, and Dalrin Taylor answered. We drilled down to the ocean and built the Turbine to harness the energy. The weight of the crust pushes down on the ocean and causes the ocean water to shoot out of the hole, which is channeled into the Turbine. The Turbine spins and produces electricity. That all sounds good, except for one thing.”
 “Which is?” prompted Stowik impatiently.
“Pumping out that much water is causing regional crustal tectonic collapse. The more we pump out, the more tectonic collapse, and the more seismic activity. The decrease in overburden stress that comes with pumping out millions of gallons of ocean water is leading to lithospheric decompression, which is increasing cryovolcanic activity. Explosive cryovolcanic activity.”
“So why is the Turbine still in use?” asked Stowik.
“We don’t know how to shut it down. We can’t just plug the hole—the water is coming out with too much force. Which is why it’s such a powerful source of energy,” said Imbria.
“So you’re waging a war over that?” asked Stowik.
“The balance of power must shift, Stowik,” Imbria replied, “The man who led the project, who designed the Turbine, Dalrin Taylor, had sunk too much money and political juices into the project to give up. He gambled his entire career on the Turbine. Taylor is a household name now and everyone at the Arksent fully expects him to become the new Imperator. If that happens, not only will he lead the Army, as he does now, but he’ll lead the Conclave too. As you can imagine, it was a logical step for him to keep the Arksent public in the dark. The Turbine was Dalrin’s ticket to power, and he spread as much misinformation as possible to keep the Turbine’s flaws under wraps. Because of him, the general public simply doesn’t know that the Turbine is causing cryovolcanism. He just can’t admit he was wrong. Dalrin also leads the war effort against the Opposition. All assassination attempts have failed thus far,” Imbria concluded.
Stowik realized he had been leaning closer and closer to Imbria throughout their conversation, eager to catch every piece of new information. He scooted back in his chair now, suddenly uncomfortable with their closeness, and tried to absorb all that Imbria had said. Stowik raised his hand to rub his chin thoughtfully but stopped when his fingers met the cold plastic of his facemask. So the Arksent’s microorganisms are depleting our ethane aquifer, but that’s not the worst of it—once the temperature drops and ice on the surface ceases to sublimate into water vapor, oxygen in the atmosphere will cease production. Would we freeze to death, or suffocate first, I wonder? And I shouldn’t forget the increased seismic activity. This reminds me of something Val the Elder always used to say: problems are triplets. I’ve got to warn Alpha. We’ve got to stop the Arksent. But what would stopping the Arksent even accomplish if we can’t stop the Turbine? Did Rockhead die for nothing?
“How do you know all of this?” asked Stowik.
“I used to live in Arksent,” Imbria replied, “as did all of us. When the Opposition split from Arksent, we retained quite a few historical records.
Stowik was more alert than ever. He almost burst, “History of Earth?”
Imbria eyed him quizzically, “History of Arksent. Our history of the Earth is limited to the few things the original colonists felt necessary to write—usually just vague references to Earth in their personal journals.”
Stowik’s eyes bulged, “You have the personal journals of the Autochthons?”
“The first people on Titan? Yes,” replied Imbria.
“Why did they leave Earth?” asked Stowik.
Imbria paused for a moment. She seemed to be in deep thought. “I don’t know. From what I remember hearing, the journals were quite lacking. For instance, in one entry the only mention of Earth was of a desire for something called a bourbonginger in a lawless country called Lost Vegas. The most promising entry referenced specific people, places, and objects, but with no context, it was impossible to decipher any meaning from it. No one could understand who the people are, what the other organisms are, or what their technology is founded on. The only valuable information gleaned from the journals was information on the process by which the original colonists survived on Titan. The journals do have one thing in common though: they all note that some type of pathogen caused the disappearance of almost half the crew in the first droe.” 
An Opposition Soldier jogged over to the pair and whispered in Imbria’s ear.
 “There’s a problem. One of our scouts reported spotting your hopper earlier. Soon after, an Arksent rover passed his location,” said Imbria.
The implications of the statement hit Stowik like a sledgehammer. I was spotted. The Arksent are going to find Alpha India.
As if reading his mind, Imbria cut in, “We have to get there first to notify Alpha India. If you go via hopper, and Tharsis,” she pointed to the Opposition soldier three meters away, “and I travel on a rover, we can catch up quickly. But we need to go now.”
“Right,” said Stowik. He quickly carved a map on the floor and relayed directions to Alpha India. Imbria turned to leave before Stowik called out.
Imbria turned around, a question painted on her face.
“Best the cold,” said Stowik. Imbria looked at him quizzically for a moment before giving him a nod. She turned and left, Tharsis on her tail, leaving Stowik standing alone in the caves watching as some of the Opposition were bustling about their activities, while others slumped against the wall, sleeping.
An alliance. With Imbria, or the Opposition? But what does Imbria get out of it? Will the two of us be enough to stop the Arksent? And is the Arksent truly a threat? How will Alpha India react to meeting them? Stowik cursed. I should have warned Imbria and Tharsis: the Elders are as likely to imprison them as to listen to them.
His ears registered a large crack, and the cave shook violently. The Opposition soldiers bolted for the passage that led to the exit and Stowik followed. Massive blocks of ice rained down from the ceiling. Stowik sidestepped a falling chunk of ice the size of his torso and ran through the passage after the Opposition soldiers. Another piece of ice broke off, but he never saw it coming. He was out like a light. 


The next day…

With a whine of the engines, Stowik set his hopper down on the Alpha India surface. There was no time to park it in the Concrete. Stowik scrambled out of the cockpit until his feet found firm ground. One of the Elders was walking towards him. It was Aitken. They won’t be happy with me. Stowik walked towards Aitken, his feet finding a sure path across the icy terrain. They stopped within a meter of each other.
Aitken broke the silence, “We grounded the hoppers, Stowik.”
Stowik nodded, “So you did.”
“You violated the Elders’ command. You disobeyed the law of Alpha India. This is highly unprecedented,” Aitken observed in his cold, raspy voice.
“Call together a Tribunal. I need to speak to all of the Elders,” said Stowik.
“It has already been done, Stowik. Disciplinary action is imminent,” stated Aitken plainly.
Stowik tilted his head, “I’m not so sure.”
Aitken said nothing as he turned and walked toward Block Two. Stowik followed. They descended into the halls of Block Two and found themselves being greeted by all of the Alpha Indianites. Word traveled fast. Stowik kept his eyes in front of him as he passed his family. Tom appeared to be trying his hardest to contain his joy that Stowik was alive. Ellis and Sartis were holding hands. Then Stowik found himself being led into the Tribunal room. Stowik’s head snapped rigidly to attention as the plastic door slammed loudly behind them. Aitken began going through the motions of beginning the Tribunal, stating aloud the time, place, and reasons for the Tribunal. Stowik wasn’t listening, focusing instead on figuring out how to present the wealth of information Imbria had provided him. How do I pitch this?
“We’re not alone on Titan, Elders,” Stowik interrupted the formal procedure of the Tribunal. Aitken had just started listing Stowik’s offenses when he was interrupted. A look of shock plastered his worn face.
“Yes, we must watch out for our fellow colony members, Stowik. Now only fifty colony members since Rockhead’s crash. What is your point?” asked one of the other Elders curtly.
Aitken shook his head, “We are not here for banter. We must discuss Stowik’s offenses, and his punishment.”
“I mean,” grated Stowik, “There are other humans on Titan. Alpha India is not the only colony.” This got the Elders’ attention. Stowik explained how he met Imbria and everything she told him. The Elders listened patiently, looks of wonder and skepticism lining their faces.
Stowik continued. “There are two rival nations on Titan. The Opposition, and the Arksent. Our technology exceeds the Opposition’s for the most part, and it is my understanding that they steal all of their supplies from the Arksent. From what I gathered, however, the Opposition’s numbers appear to exceed ours drastically, and I suspect the same for the Arksent,” Stowik took a breath and allowed the information to soak into the Elders’ minds.
“This is a fanciful story,” scoffed Aitken before another Elder, Val, interrupted him.
“You don’t believe him, Aitken?” asked Val calmly.
“Stowik is dreaming! He’s trying to distract us from the main issue, which is his break from protocol!” cried Aitken.
“He’s given us no reason to not believe him. In fact, you are the only one who doesn’t,” added Val in a firm tone. Aitken looked to the other Elders for support but their expressions showed that they backed Val. Aitken tried again, insisting, “None of this is real. Not a lick.”
Val disagreed, turning his attention back to Stowik. “Keep going, Stowik. These rival factions, what do they fight over? Would they be friendly to us? Would there be any advantage to us in communicating with them?”
“Communicating with them?!” cried Aitken, “We are not in a tactical position to communicate with another human colony!”
“Your paradigm of human nature is a sad one, Aitken. These people can help us,” Val said, his voice so low Stowik had to strain his ears to hear him.
Aitken sat back in his chair, jaw taut. Stowik took that as his cue to continue.
“Aitken isn’t entirely wrong. Like us, the Opposition use ethane as their primary source of fuel. According to them, the Arksent have been targeting ethane aquifers with an ethane-consuming microorganism. This would explain why our ethane aquifer is depleting,” said Stowik.
“If we alerted them to our presence, perhaps they would stop the microorganism,” mused Val.
“Stowik hasn’t met any Arksent, Val. We have no idea how they would respond to our mere presence, let alone our demands. Why would they help us? We have nothing that they need. Not since the Fire,” countered Aitken.
“It was an accident,” said Val darkly.
“Does he know?” asked Aitken. Val glanced to the side nervously.
Stowik interrupted, confused by the Elder’s talk, “I don’t know how I would encounter the Arksent anyway. They are just as likely to shoot me as help me, I imagine.”
Val paused, “If there is a way to contact them without drawing hostilities—”
“Stowik, you need to wake up. What is easier for the Arksent to believe? That we exist, or that it’s an Opposition trick?” shot back Aitken. “We’d be risking our lives just trying to contact them. And Stowik doesn’t even know where the Arksent is. As for the Opposition, I don’t see how they can help us. They steal all of their supplies from the Arksent. They’re likely to strip us bare if they found us! I fail to imagine any scenario where contact with either faction is feasible, let alone desirable.”
“They are on their way,” said Stowik in a small voice. I hadn’t thought of any of this. Rockhead was always the one with the mind for politics.
“Who is on their way?” demanded Val.
“The Opposition,” said Stowik. He shut his eyes tight, trying to escape the piercing looks of the Elders. When he opened them, he found himself alone in the Concrete. He let out a deep sigh and slumped against the wall. The cold bit into his back like a sharpened knife.


2122

Titan was dark. Ten times farther from the Sun than Earth, with an atmosphere fifty percent thicker, it received only one percent of the light that Earth did. Titan was darker than even the inside of the Caeculus spacecraft. But Titan had fuel, and lots of it; Earth had a water cycle, but Titan had an ethane cycle, and ethane can be combusted. After Neil Taylor plotted their spacecraft’s position in deep space, the crew of the Caeculus redirected their course to Titan and arrived in just under a year. The first humans on Titan were running on full power now by putting liquid ethane through a generator which was able to power their spacecraft’s life support systems.
Fifteen of the sixteen crewmembers sat in their booths across from each other as they ate. This was their first meal grown from the plants in their greenhouse since they landed. They were bursting with excitement and chatting almost amicably over dinner.
“Do you think we’ll ever be able to go outside without a suit?” asked Kristen Bennett playfully.
“Of course, if by ‘we’ you don’t mean ‘we.’ Titan’s atmosphere is so thick that it’s actually reflecting a lot of the sunlight. If we can change the atmospheric chemistry to particles that allow more sunlight in and then trap it, not only can we decrease the pressure to more comfortable levels, but we can increase the temperature, too. But that would take centuries, so, no. We won’t be able to go outside without a suit,” replied Nicole Thom.
Kristen rolled her eyes at Nicole. Kristen was tired of Nicole’s smartass routine, but for the sake of maintaining relationships and morale, she kept her tone even. “How much?”
“Titan right now is minus 180 degrees Celsius,” began Nicole.
“And we can ramp it up to what?” asked Kristen sharply. She wished Nicole would just spit it out.
Nicole shrugged, perhaps for the first time in her life—it was a rare moment when the assertive engineer couldn’t quote you an exact number on command. “I’m thinking comparable to Antarctic temperatures back on Earth.
“So you’re saying we should keep burning ethane?” asked Kristen. They had been in this damn spacecraft together for far too long.
“Exactly, and far more than just what we’re burning now. I give it three hundred years and your great-great-great-grandchildren will be frolicking on the warmer and slightly brighter surface of Titan with just an oxygen breather. Heat-suits can be synthesized from the hydrocarbon lakes and we can pump oxygen into the atmosphere by electrolyzing melted ice,” said Nicole cheerfully, ever the optimist. She realized Kristen must have made quite an effort to not lash out. Nicole had been under Kristen’s skin for months. It looked like this was the first conversation that might turn out to be civil after all.
Mindona piped up after a long silence, “You’re forgetting that when temperatures rise, more ice will sublimate. When the water vapor goes into the atmosphere, the wator vapor’s interaction with cosmic rays will dissociate the hydrogen atoms from the oxygen atom, so we’ll be getting naturally forming oxygen gas, too.”
“Okay, okay, but back up. How bright are we talking here?” asked Kristen.
“I imagine it would be like a moonlit night on Earth,” speculated Mindona with a shrug.
Nicole looked out the thick plastic window, “Better than pitch black.”
At that moment, Castle burst into the cabin short of breath and sporting an old pair of sunglasses, his unkempt curly hair racing to keep up. The crew looked up expectantly at his dramatic entrance.
Castle took a moment to regain his breath. “I did it. We can see outside,” he spat out quickly.
“Slow down, Curly, what are you talking about?” asked Nicole.
Castle wasted no time explaining, “The difference between human blood and plant blood, cellulose, is actually quite small. The carbon compounds that make up human blood are nearly identical to those of cellulose, except that cellulose compounds bond to magnesium, while human blood bonds to iron. The plants in our greenhouse are genetically engineered to require less sunlight so that they can be grown through the spacecraft’s lighting, which is feeble in comparison with the sun. To counteract that, the chlorophyll in these plants is designed to absorb more of the incident light rays. The genetically engineered chlorophyll is passed on to other plants through an airborne plant virus stored in the cellulose. I’ve engineered the same trait into an airborne virus that will attack human hemoglobin. The virus itself is harmless, but it will rapidly reproduce in your bloodstream. The short story is, inject this,” Castle held up a syringe, “and you can see in low light conditions, i. e. the conditions on Titan’s surface.”
Standing in the back of the room with arms crossed, Commander Neil Taylor pursed his lips.
“Curly, you’re telling me you’ve engineered a virus to attack our blood cells and it’s highly contagious?” asked Kristen.
“Well, yes. Can you not call me Curly?” replied Castle.
“And it will let us see in the dark, Mad Hatter?” asked Mindona Krzykowski.
Even being called Mad Hatter was a small victory for Castle. He let it slide. “You got it. The virus artificially dilates the pupils, allowing more photons to reach the retina. Not only that, but it allows the retina to detect light in additional wavelengths, too. Currently we are able to detect light only in the visible part of the spectrum, that is, wavelengths of four hundred to seven hundred nanometers. Your eyes currently only detect reflected light, but all materials emit radiation too. The virus will enable you to see that emitted radiation; the thermal infrared has a much larger wavelength, and the virus allows emitted radiation with wavelengths ranging from three to fifteen micrometers to be visible. Detecting visible light only, our vision would be limited by Titan’s low light and thick atmosphere. With thermal infrared emissions now detectable, our vision will be dramatically improved,” replied Castle confidently.
“Breathe, Curly,” said Louis, who, at sixty years old and almost seven feet tall, was not only the oldest, but the largest of their crew.
“He doesn’t like to be called that,” said Nicole, prompting a laugh out of Louis. “So how do you know it will work?” asked Nicole.
“Look at my pupils—I’ve already used it on myself,” answered Castle smugly as he removed the sunglasses.
Instantly, half the crew jumped from their chairs and backed up to the far wall. Mindona stepped closer and peered into Castle’s eyes. Castle’s irises weren’t even visible because his pupils were so large. Neil’s eyes narrowed; unauthorized genetic experimentation was a direct breach of his authority, not to mention dangerous.
“Why does it do that to your pupils?” demanded Nicole.
“Ah, I actually don’t know. I didn’t intend for that part to happen,” stuttered Castle, losing confidence.
“Well hot damn. Count me in. It’s time we started doing surface exploration,” said the awed Mindona.
“Are you out of your mind? You’ve unleashed a potentially harmful, essentially untested, and highly contagious organism on the entire crew without getting any kind of clearance or even giving a warning of what the hell you’re up to? You are out of here,” yelled Neil from across the room. He immediately left the cabin.
“Out—out of here?” stuttered Castle nervously.
“Neil has a point,” began Mindona, “but I’m with you, Castle—”
“Thank you for using my name,” Castle piped up.
“Interrupting me will give me more chances to change my mind, Castle,” observed Mindona coolly as she stared at Castle, who visibly blanched under her gaze. Mindona continued, “We can’t stay inside the craft forever. We have to live off the land, and if we can’t see outside, we’re as good as dead.”
Several members of the crew nodded in agreement behind Mindona. Neil came back and threw Castle’s personal belongings on the ground. “Take suits, take the hopper, but leave us the rovers. Get out.”
All eyes shifted between Neil and Castle, who shifted nervously from foot to foot, unsure how serious Neil was. Could Castle negotiate? Mindona took a deep breath, stealing herself for her next announcement.
“You’re serious?” asked Castle angrily. Neil stood, unmoving, his answer written on his face.
Mindona stood up in front of Castle, “I’m going with Castle.” Loud nervous whispers permeated the cabin as the crew deliberated taking sides; crew members debated with eachother, torn between loyalty to their Commander and their desire to explore Titan. Several of the crew stood up and made their way behind Mindona and Castle.
Nicole Thom spoke up, “I never thought I’d say this, but our chances for survival might be better if we split up. There’s too many of us in too close a space. Just do everyone a favor and please get out fast. No hard feelings. Seriously, just go. The rest of us don’t trust your virus and would prefer to not be infected,” she continued hurriedly.
“Mindy…” stammered Neil.
“I have a good feeling about this Neil,” replied Mindona sadly.
“I can’t come with you, Mindy,” Neil replied gravely.
Mindona nodded gloomily, “I know.”
The crew who decided to stay headed for the airlock while Mindona, Castle, and the rest packed their belongings and the necessities for survival into the hopper. The presence of the virus made the goodbyes swift, and the six departing crew strapped into the hopper.
 “Best luck with the cold,” stated Neil. He meant it, too.
With a final nod, Mindona closed the hatch to the hopper and waited for the flight chamber ceiling to separate. The hopper’s engine ignited and the aerial craft took off into the thick Titan night.


2520

The world faded into view. It was just a dream. The Elders still have no clue about the Opposition or the Arksent. Clinical white walls and bright lights came into focus. The walls were so white. The lights were too bright. Why are they so bright? Stowik’s head ached. Stowik groaned and felt a huge bump and dried blood on his head. His head throbbed in a dull, constant pain. Damn, what happened? Stowik looked around and took in his surroundings. He was sitting upright in a small cot with white sheets. It was the only thing in the room. Three of the four walls were a solid white, and the last wall section had some sort of reflective material on the entire upper half of the wall. 
He stood up slowly and immediately felt dizziness overcome his senses. Stowik wobbled and almost fell over, but he managed to grab the side of the cot to stabilize himself before he hit the ground. He hunched over, breathing slowly for several minutes with his eyes closed, before he felt he had enough strength to stand up straight. Stowik took his next step cautiously, and then walked over to the reflective wall and ran his hands over the material. Without warning, the door opened and Stowik looked up. A man walked through the door, clad in a bulky orange suit that covered his entire body. The man looked at Stowik through the plastic window of this helmet and smiled. Stowik immediately stepped back, at a loss for words.
“I see you are up! I am Dalrin Taylor. Welcome! How do you feel?” erupted from the muffled deep voice of the strangely clad man with short blond hair. Stowik eyed the man suspiciously and rubbed his aching skull before he pulled his hand back sharply at the pain.
“Fine,” he said stiffly. 
Stowik noticed a dull throbbing above his chin. He ran his fingers across it and felt the bristling stitches that held together a gash just below his mouth. The back of his neck ached painfully.
The man chuckled, “Yes, you seem to have taken quite a hit. When we dug you out of the Opposition cave, you were trapped in ice and that gash below your mouth was clean through the other side. The medics have done a fine job fixing you up, though. You have been given a mild dose of pain medication, but you’ll be fine.”
Dug me out of the Opposition cave? It must have been attacked by the Arksent. I never should have let Imbria in the hopper. I should have made off alone when I had the chance. Is she even okay? Did Imbria and Tharsis make it past the Arksent? What the hell do the Arksent want with me? Did they find the hopper?
 “Did you kill them, back in the cave?” Stowik demanded.
“No, they are in custody.” He paused. “You’re welcome,” he added.
In response, Stowik spat on Dalrin’s visor, and was greeted with a puzzled look that Dalrin directed at the reflective wall. 
“Where am I?” Stowik demanded.
“You are in the medical unit of the Arksent. You are safe here.”
“We thought we were alone,” muttered Stowik.
“You are not alone. The population of the Arksent is thirty thousand and growing,” responded Dalrin.
“I’m one of fifty,” Stowik responded absentmindedly as he looked around his cramped compartment. He could only spot one door in and out of the room.
I’ve got to find Imbria. Stowik darted for the door, but Dalrin blocked his way in time for Stowik to slam into him, full force. Dalrin was pushed back a foot, but his large frame was braced well so he remained standing. 
“We’re not keeping you here,” Dalrin explained soothingly, “but you have to put that on first.” Dalrin pointed to the other orange suit that hung from the wall, identical to the one he currently wore.
Stowik quickly put on the suit and he and Dalrin exited the room. As they passed through the door Stowik saw a group of men in white coats on the other side of the reflective material, which was transparent from this end. They had been watching the whole time, and they couldn’t take their eyes of Stowik.
“You must be wondering if your rocket is all right,” started Dalrin, snapping Stowik back to attention. “It wasn’t damaged in the blast, but we haven’t moved it as we don’t know how to operate it. I ordered a constant guard on it so it does not fall into the wrong hands,” said Dalrin.
Stowik corrected Dalrin, “You are the wrong hands. Get your goons away from my hopper, you piece of shit.”
Dalrin’s lips creased into a subtle smile, “I am the wrong hands? My dear boy, what did those disgruntled savages tell you about me? All I’ve done is find a sustainable energy source and improve the Arksent quality of life. Surely that is not a crime?” he said with the air of performing a rehearsed speech.
They walked through long narrow passages with glossy white walls and bright overhead lights. They came across a security checkpoint and the guard stared curiously at Stowik for an uncomfortable period of time before waving them through. Dalrin opened the door and they continued through a large room filled with equipment of war. Stowik looked around and observed hanging on the wall hundreds of replicas of the plastic device Imbria first held to him. Numerous rovers were arranged neatly throughout the room. Stowik counted several dozen of these before he was led to the opposite side of the room to a large piece of equipment the size of a rover, but it wasn’t a rover. It was shiny and seemed to Stowik to be emitting light. Nothing reflects that much. Stowik had only seen a material like it before on a few occasions. Spacefall. Alpha India used the metal from meteorite impacts for their circuitry, but never in such huge amounts. Dozens of cylinders twenty meters long and one meter wide stood upright against the wall adjacent to the device and shared the machine’s strange luster.
“The original colonists called it metal. There’s nothing quite like it on Titan, besides the rare meteorite,” said Dalrin as he followed Stowik’s stunned gaze. Material from Earth?
“What is it?” asked Stowik as he pointed to the strange machine.
“That is our Sat-cannon. We used to send test-satellites into Titan’s orbit with it. We hoped that the satellites would shed some light on Titan’s weather patterns,” explained Dalrin.
Curious, Stowik asked, “Did they?”
Dalrin hesitated and then spoke, “Well, they would have. But when the energy crisis and the civil war broke out, the whole proejct was put on hold. You see, the Sat-cannon required an enormous amount of energy to power it. To launch one satellite would take up to a year of constantly pumping electricity into it. This technology was left over from the original colonists, and we don’t understand how it stores the energy.”
“Don’t you mean in a capacitor?” asked Stowik.
Dalrin shot him a quizzical look, clearly unfamiliar with the term ‘capacitor,’ and resumed his explanation, “The last launch, which by now was twenty years ago, was a failure, and as a result the project was nixed in favor of focusing our resources on the war effort.”
“What went wrong with the last launch?” asked Stowik.
“We lost contact with the satellite. That was, oh, 2500,” speculated Dalrin. “It wasn’t the first time we lost a satellite, though. Our first few launches caused the satellites to burn up in the atmosphere—the friction was so high. We found that reducing the charge, and thus the velocity, could prevent the satellites from burning up. But, the last launch was not at full power, so presumably it crashed somewhere on Titan’s surface.”
Stowik nodded and then pointed to the metal cylinders against the wall, “Were those the satellites?”
“In unfinished form,” replied Dalrin, “As I said, the Sat-cannon was left over from the original colonists along with those metal cylinders, which are the projectiles. We think that this thing was designed to be some kind of weapon. But, we found that we could shorten one of the projectiles and hollow it out to put our instrumentation in. Then, the Sat-cannon could launch it into orbit.” 
“Why would the original colonists need a weapon that could fire into orbit?” asked Stowik.
Dalrin paused and looked down at Stowik, “Stowik, the original colonists never intended on landing here. It’s just as likely that they wanted to use it to fire from orbit,” he shrugged.
Dalrin guided Stowik past the Sat-cannon and they went through yet another door. Stowik looked at an enormous poster on the wall. It had big bright letters: “The Turbine, bringing the Arksent together.” Behind this was a backdrop of the Titan landscape with an enormous cylindrical tower sticking out of the ground, with a helmeted man standing next to it clearly guiding other workers. Stowik looked closer to see that the man in the poster was Dalrin.
“If your facilities and equipment are so advanced, why haven’t you defeated the Opposition yet?” asked Stowik.
Dalrin nodded, “We have more resources and infrastructure at our disposal, but defeating the Opposition is not our goal. We’d rather negotiate peace. Unfortunately, there’s no way to establish communications with them without locating their headquarters. The Opposition is completely off the grid. Which brings me to my next question: how did they find you?”
Stowik eyed him wearily, “I was looking for a way to replenish my colony’s ethane aquifer. I stumbled across an Opposition soldier. Speaking of soldiers, I’ve only seen people in uniform walking around here—where is everybody else? Kids, civilians?”
“Arksent is compartmentalized into four sections. At the age of sixteen, an Arksent can choose to specialize in food production, education, applied science and engineering, or mining and construction. My own boy just chose education. Oriya and I couldn’t be prouder! As you can imagine, each section works quite closely with the others, but are housed in different structures. This section houses applied science and engineering operations. Military operations also fall under this section, and our soldiers are doing a fine job sorting out this Opposition nonsense!” Dalrin added this last bit with a raised voice, receiving nods of thanks from passing soldiers in the hall. Dalrin stopped for a handshake with one of the men in uniform, plastering on a smile before sweeping Stowik further down the hall.
“Where exactly are we?” asked Stowik.
“We are in the Cortex, One kilometer below Ksa crater. Well, the crater rim.”
“The Cortex?” Stowik pressed.
“That’s what we call the applied science and engineering section. The Cortex,” repeated Dalrin.
They traveled through the white-walled passage for a number of minutes, taking sharp right angles occasionally as the passage diverged at intersections until they came through another door that lead to a breathtakingly large room filled with large tubes, silos, and dials.
This looks like the Concrete…But then…“This is an ethane processing plant,” said Stowik, half statement, half question. 
Dalrin looked over at him, unsurprised. “Yes, atmospheric ethane used to fuel the entire Arksent. We’ve left it as a reminder to all that the energy crisis has been solved by the Turbine”
“Imb—” Stowik stopped himself, “—an Opposition soldier told me the Turbine is causing  cryovol…,” Stowik repeated, racking his brains to remember the words..
Dalrin’s face grew red and he was instantly a hair away from Stowik’s face. “Cryovolcanic activity? It’s a propaganda stunt. The Opposition will lie through their teeth to recruit,” he spat, the words crawling across his tongue in a menacing tone.
Stowik froze. Dalrin backed off and rearranged his features into a forced, diplomatic half smile. He collected himself and kept walking. Stowik followed.
Dalrin sighed, “I apologize; that was unwarranted. This war took my daughter from me. You must understand my lingering bitterness,” he paused for a moment. “Unfortunately, it wouldn’t do well to take everything the Opposition says as truth. I’ll explain everything.”
He led them through a side door and into another glossy white room with an enormous rover in it. Stowik looked up in awe—the rover stood ten stories high and was many times bigger than even his hopper. That thing could hold at least a hundred people.
Dalrin stopped and faced Stowik. “Once, the Opposition was part of the Arksent.” So that much is true. “We discovered the location of a previously unknown colony of humans—your colony, incidentally. A group of us wanted to leave you be.”
“Why didn’t you want to reach out?” asked Stowik.
“We’ve been living separate for hundreds of years. We haven’t co-evolved, so we were concerned about the spread of disease through both populations. That’s the technical reason, but also we were afraid of a culture clash, and the possibility of the Arksent way of life influencing the development of your society. Safer just to leave you be. This wasn’t everyone’s school of thought, however. Quite a few people felt it was their responsibility as fellow humans to reach out. That was twenty years ago.”
“So they are waging a war over it?” challenged Stowik.
“Correct—or correct twenty years ago when the war broke out. At this point, the Opposition is strained for labor. They likely want to recruit you to help fight us,” responded Dalrin, “but they’ve been unable to find you. That is information we at the Arksent have been guarding quite carefully. As for Imbria? With a bounty that big on her head, her future relies on finding your colony, and ultimately staging a coup in the Arksent. Our intel shows she leads the scouting parties seeking to find your colony. Then, it was her idea as second in command of the Opposition to drain all of the liquid ethane aquifers in the area in an attempt to force you out.”
Second in command? Stowik felt his throat go dry. “Well, it worked. They know where to find us. They are already on the way to Alpha India,” he croaked.
Stowik saw Dalrin’s eyes go wide. “What? How?” he demanded.
“I told them. They said they were going to protect Alpha India. From you.”
And now they have a head start. How could I have been so stupid?
Dalrin immediately pushed a button on the side of his visor and spoke rapidly into the air. In moments, a steady stream of soldiers were flooding into the hangar, grabbing the plastic tube devices off the wall and putting on body armor.
“We can take you to your hopper, but we only have rovers. It may be too late before we get there,” said Dalrin urgently. 
They backed into the previous room and jumped in a rover with several other soldiers. Large steel doors groaned as they opened and let the darkness outside into the stronghold. One by one, rovers began pouring out of the hangar onto the jagged icy terrain, partially revealing it with their feeble headlights. Dalrin spun the wheel of the rover he and Stowik had jumped in, and diverged from the pack. They drove on for a while, racing full speed in the darkness to the canyon rim where Stowik’s hopper was perched.


Several hours later…

Stowik strapped in after he removed his cumbersome orange suit and was startled to see Dalrin climb up the hopper. He reached the hatch and climbed in the cockpit.
“My suit’s off,” Stowik warned.
“At this point, whatever flu you’re carrying is the least of my worries. I’m coming with you,” he stated firmly as he tossed in two plastic tube devices into the cockpit.
I’m not going to argue. What is a flu?
“Just do me a favor and keep your mask on. Before we take off, here,” Dalrin handed him a plastic tube device. In response to Stowik’s questioning look, he said, “It’s called a rifle.” Dalrin showed him how to use it, “and keep the safety on until you mean to shoot.”
Stowik pushed the throttle forward and felt the hopper lift. Pushed by a new sense of urgency, he navigated the hopper back to Alpha India.
“How many Opposition are we expecting?” asked Dalrin.
“Two. I told Imbria how to reach Alpha India and she took one person along. That was right before the blast hit.”
“Two for now,” Dalrin corrected. “The Opposition hideout you were staying in was one of many. By now they’ve directed others to follow.”
“I don’t think the more the merrier applies here,” said Stowik.
Dalrin let out a hoarse laugh in response.
“So why is the Arksent bent on helping Alpha India?” asked Stowik as he held down the throttle which poured gallons and gallons of compressed liquid methane and oxygen into the combustion chamber of the hopper.
“I wish I could tell you that it was for the sake of your people, but I’m going to be real with you. The people of Alpha India have some type of mutation that increases your pupil size. Years ago one citizen of Alpha India left and came upon the Arksent. When one of us was exposed, that person acquired the same trait. We don’t quite understand it, but it must be some kind of virus. If it has any negative side-effects, we don’t know, but we would prefer that the Opposition not have such an advantage in their vision,” said Dalrin.
“So why not let the rest of the Arksent become infected?” asked Stowik.
Dalrin glanced sideways at Stowik, “I’m afraid Arksent can’t afford to take that kind of risk—we don’t know how it works. But it’s not beneath the Opposition to try, in their desperation. The second reason we’re helping is that it’s likely the Opposition will recruit the inhabitants of Alpha India to fight us. I see now that you have rocket propulsion technology that neither we nor the Opposition are capable of, and now that they know you’ve got it, they want it. I’d prefer the hopper technology not fall into Opposition hands.”
“You don’t have to worry about that. This is the last one we have, and I’m the only one who can build them,” said Stowik. Dalrin’s eyebrows shot up as he realized that Stowik could be a huge asset to the Arksent war effort.
The hopper crested Castle Mountain and Stowik saw one Opposition rover on the outskirts of the crater where Alpha India resided. He pointed it out to Dalrin, “We have company.”
“I can’t see it. It’s way too dark,” said Dalrin as he strained to see the rover in the pitch-black conditions. “Is that Alpha India?” he asked.
Stowik was guiding the hopper to what appeared to be a circular mound many kilometers across with a artificially flattened top: the filled-in crater that housed Alpha India.
“Yes,” replied Stowik through gritted teeth as he fought against the wind. “How long will it take the Arksent soldiers to get here?” asked Stowik.
“Hours. The terrain here is quite difficult to traverse. When they do arrive, though, it will be in force,” assured Dalrin.
The hopper came to a halt and descended a little too quickly to the ground on top of Alpha India. Stowik and Dalrin retightened their masks over their mouths and descended from the hopper.
“Where is everyone?” asked Dalrin.
“They usually stay inside Block Two,” Stowik pointed to a large grey door on the top of the platform. “It’s where most of the housing is. You check and see if everyone is okay. Go downstairs from the door and ask the first person you see if you can talk to Tom—that’s my dad, and can take it from there. I’m going after Imbria and Tharsis.” The first thing they’ll go after is the hopper plans.
Dalrin nodded and began his march to Block Two. Stowik made his way over the icy surface to the entrance of the Concrete. He planted his hands on the cold rungs of the ladder and descended into the icy depths. Stowik reached the bottom and let his eyes adjust to the gloom. The familiar surroundings offered some level comfort. I’ve got the advantage here. He unslung his rifle from his back and moved forward. He began scouring the cavernous tube-lined rooms, looking for any sign of Imbria and Tharsis. 
Clink. He heard the sound of plastic meeting plastic and headed in that direction. For what seemed like ages, he wandered the Concrete until the sound of shuffling caught his ears. He followed his ears for some time until he saw her. Imbria. What the hell is she doing? Stowik’s enlarged pupils followed her movements. She had found the hopper blueprints on the table, that much he could tell. Why isn’t she taking them and getting out? Where is Tharsis? Stowik kept his rifle trained on Imbria and watched her clamber around the room. She found what she was looking for. The blowtorch. And then it dawned on him. She’s here to destroy the hopper plans. Is she trying to keep Alpha India out of the war? She must not know I was captured by the Arksent.
Imbria looked up, but not at Stowik. He registered shock in her eyes and her mouth began to formulate words, “Da—” but a deafening outburst cut her off. 
Stowik dropped into an instinctive crouch, reacting to the earsplitting sound of the shot, and saw Dalrin’s black boots move across the room, his rifle still aimed at the Imbria’s crumpled body. Then, another shot rang out and echoed throughout the Concrete. Dalrin clutched his leg as he fell to the cold ground. Tharsis stepped out of the shadows and shot again. This time the bullet connected with Dalrin’s chest. Stowik looked on in shock. His brain registered what his eyes saw seconds after they happened, which left Tharsis enough time to peel Imbria’s fingers back from the hopper plans. Erratto turned the hopper plans once over in his hands, stuffed them into his thermal suit’s chest pocket and ran. Stowik stepped up and briefly looked at Dalrin’s and Imbria’s motionless bodies. Now it’s up to me. Stowik didn’t quite know what to think of Imbria or her death, nor did he have time to. He gave silent chase to the thief and pursued Tharsis through the endless rooms of the Concrete with only the sound of his opponent’s footsteps to guide him. Stowik followed Tharsis through a door leading to a long passage. What is this place? Now he was in unfamiliar territory, which wasn’t surprising in the Concrete, a place that seemed to go on forever. It felt like Stowik had been walking for an hour, or was it two? It seemed to Stowik that time moved differently in the Concrete, where the only company he kept was his own thoughts. Stowik continued along the passage until it came to a dead end. He looked around and saw no doors, but he spotted a ladder leading up a narrow crawlspace Stowik slung his rifle over his shoulder and began climbing. He panted from exertion and took a break to look down. I must be seventy meters up by now. He continued to ascend the ladder until he reached a circular hatch above him. Stowik balanced carefully on the ladder as he twisted the handle and pushed upward. Fresh air flooded around him as the breached hatch revealed the cold ethane mist from outside. Stowik climbed out and found himself on sturdy ground, relieved to feel the cool, fresh air around him.
Stowik looked up and saw he was surrounded by eight soldiers, all with their rifles trained on him. 
One stepped forward, “Stowik? Lieutenant Caplock.”
“Arksent or Opposition?” Stowik challenged.
“Arksent,” Caplock responded.
Exhausted, Stowik sank to one knee, “Dalrin’s dead. I chased the Opposition soldier who shot him this way. Did you catch him?”
The Lieutenant shook his head, “General Taylor isn’t dead. He is in critical condition, but our medics are treating him and he should be fine.” First bit of luck.
General, did he say? Then Imbria wasn’t lying about that. Stowik exhaled sharply.
Lieutenant Caplock continued, “We did not apprehend the target. We have been instructed to take you to General Taylor now.”
Stowik followed, and they climbed aboard the massive ten-story-high rover he had observed in Arksent earlier. Spotlights lined the outside of the vehicle and illuminated the desolate landscape around it. He was directed to a grey-lined room where Dalrin lay on a bed. His orange hazard suit was removed and he was smothered in bright, red-stained bandages. A tube connected his arms to a number of bags filled with clear liquid.
“I thought you were dead,” said Stowik.
Dalrin dismissed the guards.
“Just a scratch,” Dalrin replied good-naturedly, but Stowik could see that Dalrin was in a lot of pain.
“They got away with the hopper blueprints,” said Stowik.
Dalrin nodded slowly, filing away the information for later. “Stowik…there’s something…worse,” he began, “we didn’t find anyone in Block Two.” He paused again, “or any of the other Blocks.”
Stowik nodded knowingly, “They must have seen Imbria and Tharsis arrive and escaped.”
Dalrin coughed, visibly uncomfortable. “No, it didn’t look like anyone left in a hurry.In fact, it didn’t look like anyone lived there at all. And I don’t think Imbria or Tharsis had anything to do with it. I don’t know how to say this kind of thing in a tactful way, so I’ll just say it the only way I know how. Stowik, Alpha India is in total disrepair; there’s nothing even growing in the greenhouses. It looks as though no one has lived there for years.” At that moment a loud, fast beeping emitted from the machine next to his bed. A doctor came in and rushed Stowik out.
Can it be true? The Blocks being empty can mean anything. They could have escaped. Stowik wasted no time. Unsure of Dalrin’s intent from his strange news, Stowik headed for the only place that neither Dalrin nor the Opposition knew about; the only place he could test if Dalrin was correct that Alpha India had long been abandoned. He broke into a sprint, pushing violently past soldiers and bursting out into the dim light of day. He hit the ground running and maintained his pace. He was surefooted on the ice, and soon came across the familiar path. He sprinted up the shallow incline that led to the magnificent view of Castle Mountain. Though worn by the wind and rain, his eyes recognized the exact spot where he had hit the ground in grief when his brother died. He kept running but slowed his pace when he realized he had many kilometers to go. Eventually, he came to the place where his brother had crashed the hopper. 
But there was nothing there. No hopper. No bits of plastic. No scarred ice. Nothing. It was as pristine as the rest of Titan.
Doubt clouded Stowik’s mind, which was moving faster than the wind that tore at his cheeks. Is it true what Dalrin said? That no one lives in Block Two—no one at all lives in Alpha India? How is that possible? Would he lie to me? No one can lie about this: where is the hopper? Did Rockhead not die here in the hopper crash? No! I saw the green light! I saw him crest Castle Mountain and crash here. I saw the smoke. I heard the crash. I felt it.
But there’s nothing here. Stowik knelt down and clawed at the icy surface. He filled his palm with scrapings of ice particles and hydrocarbon dirt and squeezed tightly. He slowly unclenched his fist and let the debris fall out of his hand. The fragments fell to the ground and drifted away, swept violently by the swirling wind.
Ice and more ice. And hallucinations. What is real? Are the Opposition real? The Arksent? Have I gone crazy? Where does a schizophrenic fit in with their plans? Maybe if I’m lucky they’ll just leave me here. 
Stowik gazed at the horizon and caught the last glint of orange as the light danced through the air. Where is everyone? Was it the Fire? Was I the only survivor? Why can I not remember it? Do I even remember what Block Two looks like?
Am I one of one?
The sun set, and Stowik didn’t move from his position, knees drawn up to his chin, open eyes staring at the place no hopper ever crashed. At one point the ground shook violently; one of the longer quakes, but Stowik didn’t notice. The steady plodding of boots did nothing to gain his attention.
Stowik heard Lieutenant Caplock’s voice, “Stowik, time to go.”
“The hopper isn’t there,” Stowik replied dazedly, “there was no crash.” Lieutenant Caplock looked at him strangely but didn’t reply.
Only the plodding of their boots could be heard as the two men climbed into the rover and unhurriedly drove back to Alpha India to rendezvous with the Arksent army. The rover’s headlights bobbed up and down as they traversed the bumpy terrain. Neither man spoke a word throughout the drive. When they arrived, Stowik climbed out of the rover and descended to the depths of the Concrete, where he threw himself in his familiar cot and fell asleep instantly. That night his dreams were filled with burning sandstone blocks. “Where is Rockhead?”

2122 

Day 16, Entry 2, Commander Neil Taylor: Several of the crew members have suffered minor fractures, which was to be expected upon entering a gravity field after so long in zero g. I’m not sure what the numbers are but the average decalcification of our bones must be pretty significant. Studies in the 21st century showed that bone density went back to normal within several months of being back on Earth, so I’m confident that our bodies will respond to Titan’s gravity in the same way, and we’ll be back to normal soon. Collectively, we decided that it was important that we maintain our natural circadian rhythms. Of course, we’ve been doing this since day one on the Caeculus space craft, but the sheer darkness is a lot more evident now that we can’t see the stars or much of the sun through Titan’s hydrocarbon haze.
Maybe Nicole was right—we seem to be functioning much better now that we’ve split up. There’s more room and people are fighting less. We were cooped up for far too long. The worst part was knowing that there was nothing for us back on Earth even if we could make it back. As the Commander, I’m probably the only one thinking of these things, though. That’s just as well because the crew is doing just fine here on Titan, besides the broken bones. Hell, Nicole went behind my back and distilled alcohol onboard! Of course I had to confiscate a small portion to make sure it was safe for the crew. That reminds me of this time one month before launch when Nicole and I hit the casinos in Las Vegas. We each ordered a bourbon ginger from the bar (don’t ask me why we paid, since the bartenders thought it a game to provide astronauts with alcohol) and when Nicole tasted her drink, she swore that the bartender put some low-tier whiskey in the Woodford bottle because it tasted like crap. The bartender apologized and offered to pour it again, but apparently Nicole’s auditory input capabilities shut down by that point (plus seven drinks and minus seven hundred dollars) and she started yelling that she could distill better whiskey in her basement. Well, it’s not her basement, it’s not technically whiskey, and it’s certainly not better, but it’s something.
But I digress. My primary concern on landing was materials—the Caeculus has a lot of parts that can fail…it’s a miracle we’ve even survived this long. Damn, we launched off of Earth over three decades ago. I guess that’s not too surprising, considering some of the first rovers on Mars lasted for almost a decade, when only six months was asked of them. Sorry, I’ve gone off on a tangent yet again. The bottom line is that Nicole Thom accidentally figured out a way to synthesize some weird gummy material out of the ethane from a nearby lake that could act as a tape or something to make temporary repairs: specifically, suit repairs. What does this mean? More extravehicular activities (EVAs), I guess. That’s all anyone wants to do, though I shouldn’t be surprised. Kristen Bennett came up to me this morning with an idea: making concrete out of the surrounding ice. Instead of drying water and limestone grains like on Earth, we would melt the water and it would solidify as a matrix around hydrocarbon chains. Probably, this would be stronger than concrete on Earth due to the compressional strength of ice at these pressures and temperatures. A clever idea, but I couldn’t help but point out that we’ll need a way to melt it. Sion said he could build us a bigger combustion engine. After a bit of stammering, it came out that it would require disassembling our only hopper. So be it. I was already convinced, but I guess I didn’t show it in my face because Sion kept going. He told me our kids can’t grow up in the Caeculus. I wasn’t aware that anyone was planning on having kids, but apparently, from Sion’s incessant monologue, youngsters do better in concrete structures. It’s not clear to me that we could make these airtight, but who knows? With Kristen’s new gummy stuff maybe it’s possible to seal up the leaks. We’ll have to run some pretty extensive tests to figure out what this stuff can adhere to. Anyway, that’s all for now—I’m on greenhouse duty and apparently vegetables don’t pick themselves.


2520

I am one of one.
Stowik bounced along as the massive rover made its way back to the Arksent. He didn’t know where his hopper was, but that was inconsequential, a forgotten detail futilely knocking on the door of Stowik’s mind. He didn’t answer. His colony was gone. Stowik’s mind was devoid of thought as he stared out the window. A large bump jostled him out of his trance and he took stock of his surroundings. He was sitting on a plastic bench in a room full of soldiers talking, eating, and reading. Occasionally he caught one staring in his direction, but they quickly averted their gaze.
“Hey.”
Stowik turned his head towards the voice. Dalrin. “Hey,” replied Stowik.
“How are you doing, son? The soldiers feeding you okay? asked Dalrin in a fatherly tone.
“Yes,” said Stowik.	
“Good,” Dalrin replied as he took a bite out of a piece of bread, “your hopper is up on top of the rover. Thought you’d like to know.”
Stowik turned, remembering where he had landed and left his prized vehicle, “Someone was able to fly and land it up there?”
Dalrin laughed, “No one’s that brave. We used the crane.”
Stowik nodded. This thing is a moving fortress. 
“You can go back, you know. We aren’t holding you or anything,” said Dalrin.
I am one of one.
Stowik shook his head, “There’s nothing for me to go back to. Maybe four droes of fuel left...sixty days.” He paused, looking around. “The soldiers are all wearing their masks indoors. Because of what disease or whatever I’m carrying?”
Dalrin nodded, “Make sure you keep your face mask on at all times within the Arksent.” He limped away.
The hours passed as Stowik passed in and out of consciousness on his plastic bench. The sound of boots all moving in unison brought him to attention.
“We’ve arrived at the Cortex,” a passing soldier said to Stowik.
Stowik got up and descended the rover, where he was greeted by another soldier. He saw the rim crest of Ksa crater looming up at him. One section of the outer crater wall had been completely removed to make an opening for the hangar.
“Stowik, follow me,” the soldier said. It was Lieutenant Caplock.
Stowik followed the Lieutenant inside the colossal complex of the Cortex and noted the clinical precision of the place. Where Alpha India and the Opposition tunneled the path of least resistance, the Arksent walls were close-cut corners, and the passageways split off in perfect ‘T’s”. As they traveled the long white corridors Stowik marveled that he could see his reflection in the glossy walls. After several moments, the Lieutenant hit a button on the wall and the elevator door in front of them opened. They ascended a number of flights that Stowik didn’t care to count. Lieutenant Caplock then stopped in front of a door.
“This is where you’ll be staying. Breakfast is downstairs at oh-seven-hundred,” Lieutenant Caplock turned around and left Stowik to stand in front of his room and listen to the fading footsteps.
Stowik turned the handle and was greeted by a robotic voice, “Voice identification calibration. State your name.”
“Stowik?” he ventured uncertainly.
The door unlocked and Stowik walked in. It was a modest room that was starkly white, impeccably clean, and depressingly different from his grittier room in the Concrete. Stowik lay down in the bed, mind numb but too awake to sleep.
Imbria is dead, and it’s my fault. Am I supposed to be upset? She was stealing the hopper blueprints, and she lied to me about the Arksent and about Dalrin. Dalrin took a bullet for Alpha India; he was the good one all along. Except he took a bullet for nothing: Alpha India is empty. Could I really have hallucinated the whole thing? That’s impossible…it was so...real. Was my grief for nothing when Rockhead crashed? Of course: he’s been dead this whole time. Everyone has been dead this whole time. I wonder if my parents were really like how I remember. What was Rockhead like? Is that his name? Is Stowik my name? All I’ve ever had is myself and the Concrete. Before, I would have said that building things keeps me sane, but it seems that doesn’t even hold true anymore. Maybe I should I have just stayed in the Concrete, living out my lie. Why did I feel the need to leave?

2122 

Day 132: Entry 29: Commander Neil Taylor: I never thought I’d say this, but I wish Castle were here. Don’t ask me how, but some of the crew have gotten seriously ill, and he was a damn good doctor. Louis was trained as the backup doctor, but as you already know, Louis went with Castle. In my haste to protect the rest of the crew, I may have overlooked a few things. I’m starting to rethink now whether splitting up was truly in our best interest. Apparently the rest of the crew has the same thought, because people are…“pairing.” It’s exceedingly uncomfortable, not to mention I’m fairly certain that one of our crew (who shall remaind unnamed due to the professional nature of these entries) has been trying to “pair” with me. Maybe I should; it would probably be good for me. But I can’t help but keep thinking about Mindona. Anyway, the crew morale is neither good nor bad. Truly, Titan is boring. I mean, as an explorer, I’ll be the first to say that looking from afar is exciting. But living here? I’m bored out of my mind. We schedule each EVA (which generally involves some form of argument, because only three people can go out at a time). And the suit heaters are falling apart, so when we can go outside it’s freezing. That being said, life goes on, and we’re toying with some ideas to start building structures, or underground, or whatever it is the crew wants these days. Sometimes I feel like I can’t keep up.
I just reread this entry, and it seems far too morose; in reality we’re doing great. People are generally content, (or as content as one can be on this desolate ball of ice) and we’re not in any danger of running out of food, or electricity, or really anything else we need; Nicole has gotten really clever with her experiments and is starting to synthesize plastics. I don’t know where she learned this stuff. She maintains that our constant burning of ethane is going to terraform Titan’s atmosphere, but I don’t notice any difference so far. She told me I needed to think on a hundreds-of-years scale. I’ve always considered myself an effective commander thinking weeks to months in advance, so excuse me if I don’t think on a geologic timescale. Nicole responded that I have no concept of what geologic time is. I’m getting a headache. Time for sleep.


2520

During the next forty eight days, Stowik kept to himself in his room and left only for meals in the mess hall. He never left the Cortex. Stowik spent his time analyzing everything in his life he now knew to be a creation of his mind. Everything he thought knew of Alpha India was just a fabrication to protect himself from the truth. I am one of one.
A knock on the door. Stowik sat up, walked over to the door, and opened it to see Dalrin staring back at him.
“Long time no see,” Stowik addressed Dalrin as he made his way back to his bed, grateful for Dalrin’s visit. Once Dalrin dropped his professional, political persona, he reminded Stowik of his own father. Who’s been dead for years, Stowik reminded himself forcibly. Pulling his focus back to the present.
Stowik heard Dalrin ask gently, “How are you doing, son?”
Stowik shrugged. “I lived at Alpha India. Alone. I pumped ethane and built things. Alone. I don’t know anything but that, Dalrin. I feel like I have no purpose. All those people I cared for?” Stowik let out a harsh laugh, “I know what you must be thinking. You probably want to run as far as you can from the insane guy. Do you know how terrifying this all is from my perspective? I feel fine. It’s not like a flip switched in my brain and all of the sudden I know I was imagining things. I still don’t know what to believe.”
Dalrin lowered his voice, “I know where you come from, but where do you belong?”
Stowik kept eye contact and said nothing, chewing the inside of his cheek in thought. I can’t stay here though, can I? Dalrin shifted his gaze slightly and coughed.
He looked over at Stowik, now with a professional tone his his voice, “I know the transition to Arksent has been rough, but it’s time you thought about what you want to do for the Arksent if you are going to continue staying with us. You’ve been housed in the Cortex—the applied science and engineering section—out of convenience, but if you choose to enter food production, or mining and construction, you will be relocated. I might add that you are ineligible to be transferred to the education section. No offense, but you can’t teach if you haven’t undergone an Arksent education.”
Stowik nodded carefully. “Engineering sounds good but—”
“You’d have a workshop with all the hands and parts you want,” offered Dalrin in an almost hopeful voice.
Stowik stared at the floor, considering Dalrin’s plea. “I’ll work alone.”
I am one of one.
Dalrin suppressed the smallest hint of a smile and shrugged, “Suit yourself. Here is a radio earpiece if you need to communicate with me. Just say ‘link Dalrin’ and you’ll have me in your ear,” Dalrin handed Stowik the radio and rose to leave.
“When do I start?” asked Stowik as Dalrin walked out.
Dalrin shrugged, “Now, if you’d like. Room EC 212. I thought you’d appreciate the voice-command lighting options,” said Dalrin. He turned around and walked off into the gleaming white plastic hallways, the sound of his boots echoing off of the sharp corners of the lengthy corridors. What does he mean by ‘voice-command lighting options’?
Stowik closed the door silently behind him and examined his new radio. It was the color of his skin and sat directly in his ear, making it visible by only close inspection. Stowik decided to look at his new workshop. He walked through the long hallway and saw his faded reflection gazing back at him against the glossy white walls. He image appeared distorted, which he felt was appropriate to how he felt. He strode up to the elevator doors and entered. Buttons labeled with numbers lined the wall. Stowik pushed the button labeled two and felt the elevator compartment accelerate downward. Standing in the elevator, he looked at the poster that took up an entire wall of the elevator. It was a picture of Dalrin, arms crossed in a pose that looked both relaxed and menacing. A slight smile played at Dalrin’s lips, and the caption read: “Dalrin Taylor brought you the Turbine, and with your help, he will stop the Opposition terrorists too. Report any suspicious activity to…” After a moment, the lift came to a halt and Stowik stepped out. He walked through a large room filled with hundreds of workers and machines transporting materials in large silos and boxes to and from a massive elevator that took up an entire wall. He reached the other side and opened the door, which led to a network of hallways. He walked along and checked the door numbers until he came across EC 212. “Stowik,” he said, and walked in after the voice recognition software confirmed his identity. Overhead and floor lights immediately flickered to life and illuminated his new workshop. It was too bright for Stowik’s abnormally large pupils, and he squinted in pain.
“Dim lights fifty percent,” yelled Stowik in desperation, hoping that that’s what Dalrin meant by ‘voice-command lighting options’.
The room responded and Stowik took in the soft reflections of the plastic parts lining the walls. The room was easily as big as his workshop in the Concrete, but the machinery was far more advanced. Stowik slowly walked between the rows of complex plastic parts and examined the massive machines that would create any components he wanted. Here, Stowik seemed to have every resource he could want, but suddenly the machines and parts looked suspiciously familiar—though it looked like a variety of parts at first glance, they had actually only provided him with the necessary parts to construct a hopper. That was fast, he thought to himself wryly, impressed that the Arksent engineers had been able to deconvolve his spare blueprints, which were messier than the more refined blueprints that Tharsis stole. He immediately set to work teaching himself how to use the machines, some of which were eerily familiar to the Alpha India fabricators.
For hours, Stowik put scrap pieces of plastic through his new tools to learn how each one ticked. Eventually, he wiped the sweat from his brow and stood back to survey his work. On a worktable lay bits of plastic cut into different shapes, some with precise holes and other geometric shapes cut into them. The floor was littered with plastic shavings. He smiled to himself.
They’ve given me the run of the place. My own workshop, with as much raw material I can imagine and countless tools. Of course, they are allowing me this privilege so that I help their war effort. It’s not my war, but I’ll build a hopper for them if that’s what it takes to keep this room. Hell, I’ll build them fifty hoppers. A new thought made Stowik frown. Whatever it takes to get me to stop thinking about Alpha India constantly.
Stowik left the room mentally and physically fatigued. He navigated through the main loading area and up another floor to the mess hall where soldiers, engineers, doctors, and hundreds of other citizens were eating. Stowik got his food from an alcove in the wall and sat down at an empty table to eat his meal after lowering his facemask. I could get used to this place, provided it actually exists.
Stowik finished eating and donned his facemask. He walked over to put his tray with all of the other used ones. I could use some fresh air. He left the mess hall and walked through the halls, past the bright overhead lights and bustling workers. He walked through another hangar unit where countless rovers were parked. As he made his way through the room, he examined the machines built for the Titan surface. Stowik walked closer to one and looked at the hastily assembled armor plating bolted onto the plastic skeleton of the rover. It didn’t belong. These rovers were not built for war, but for surveying and exploration. Everything here has been converted for warfare. He continued to the end of the room. Stowik hit a button on the wall and the door in front of him parted ways. He gazed out, expecting blackness, but day gazed back at him. Stowik looked up in irritation at the countless spotlights dotting the terrain outside of the Arksent. He looked up, hoping to see the stars overhead through the spotlights, but only blackness and the glare of light pollution greeted his eyes. This doesn’t feel like fresh air. He kept walking, and then broke into a run. His breathing labored to keep up with his pace, but it was simply impossible. Titan’s atmosphere just didn’t have enough oxygen. He slowed to a halt, bent over with his hands on his knees. After a moment, he resumed a brisk walk to the building-line, where the spotlights ended and the Titan wilderness began. Stowik crested a hill and was over the other side. He jogged down the hillside at a diagonal to keep his footing, and leaned up against a boulder at the base of the incline. Stowik closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He opened them and was pleased to see at least a few stars overhead. He turned his sight several degrees to see a sliver of Saturn, but he could almost imagine a full Saturn with its circling rings. Stowik had this strange sensation that if not for the rings keeping it in place, the giant gas planet would tumble through the solar system.
“I know some of it was real, Rockhead. But my brain shut down and I filled in the rest,” he said bitterly. “But when did it all fall apart?” he called out to the haze as he kept his eyes trained on the majestic ringed planet in the sky. Stowik was frustrated.
Stowik lifted his palm to his face and looked down at the brown-orange hydrocarbon dust stuck in the lines of his palm. When did I lose Alpha India?
“I should have just stayed at Alpha.” No, I couldn’t have. Time was running out. I wasn’t imagining that. Or was I? No. It was inevitable that I leave. It was inevitable that I found the truth. The Arksent was inevitable. It was only a matter of time.
Rockhead, where did you go? Best the cold, brother.
Stowik fell asleep under the stars, out of reach of the prying spotlights and noisy rovers, out of sight of the looming structures and the bustling people. Several hours later, he awoke abruptly, his eyes shooting open. Feeling well rested, Stowik pried his back from the cold hard boulder and felt his muscles protest and his stomach rumble. He navigated the terrain under the shield of darkness over the hill and past the spotlights. He made his way to the mess hall for breakfast and sat down. He ate quickly. I slept on the edge of Titan’s wilderness. Now it’s time to dive deep into it. Just for an afternoon. Adrenaline blazed through his bloodstream and his mind was racing, attempting to form an exploration route.
Stowik spoke out loud to his earpiece, “Link Dalrin.”
A moment later, there was a reply, “Yes, Stowik?”
“I want to take my hopper for a spin,” Stowik said.
“You don’t need my permission; it’s in Hangar One,” replied Dalrin.
Stowik donned his facemask and left the mess hall. He found his way to the elevator and hit a button labeled H1. To his right he saw another of Dalrin’s propaganda posters. This one had a picture of Dalrin standing next to the turbine with a group of smiling kids. The caption read: “Nothing is more important than the education of our children; the future of the Arksent. Thanks to the efficiency of the Turbine, we have the power to do it. The rest is up to you. This message is endorsed by the Department of Education and Dalrin Taylor.” As the elevator doors were closing, Stowik saw a soldier speedily pushing a cart from the mess hall to the elevators. At the last second, the man stuck his arm into the elevator to interrupt the closing doors, and they reopened with a faint hiss. Stowik stepped aside as the soldier wheeled the massive cart into the elevator. Stowik looked on curiously and noticed that the cart was laden with packages of food. The soldier stared pointedly at Stowik, until Stowik looked away. Satisfied that Stowik’s gaze was averted, the soldier lifted up a disguised section of the elevator panel beneath the buttons and pushed a button underneath. Stowik watched from the corner of his eye. What was that all about? A hidden level of the Cortex? Stowik felt the elevator descend for several minutes until it drew to a stop at the hangar. He glanced behind him and made eye contact with the soldier, who stared back defiantly. Stowik stepped out of the elevator and began making his way to his hopper when he stopped. We both came from the mess hall. Why would the soldier be taking food out of the mess hall? Was he going to a secret floor? And could he have done it more blatantly? I was standing right there. After a few moments of contemplation, Stowik couldn’t stand it anymore: his curiosity got the better of him. Stowik turned on his heels and walked back to the elevator. When the elevator appeared, he stepped in and inspected the buttons. He felt around beneath the panel with his fingernails until they found a tight crevasse. Carefully, Stowik wedged out the panel to reveal a bright orange button beneath, labeled HT. What is HT? I hope I don’t regret this. With a frown, Stowik hit the button and felt the elevator slowly descend as he replaced the panel. Stowik paced nervously in the quickly descending elevator, hoping no one else stepped on the elevator. A minute later, the elevator came to a slow halt. Stowik tried to count the seconds as he descended and determined that they must be at least several floors below the bottom floor.
Stowik got off and found himself in a deserted hallway with grey concrete walls, in stark contrast to the glossy white walls of the upper levels of the Cortex. Feels like home. 
He walked through the desolate halls and heard only his footfalls as he plodded through the passage. He turned a corner and found the same drab hall staring back at him. Curious, he continued walking onward, hoping the man with the cart of food didn’t find his way back to the elevator. He reached an intersection and turned. After a few more minutes, he encountered another intersection. And another. He wandered aimlessly through the halls for what seemed at least an hour. 
He reached another intersection and that’s when he heard it. Footsteps. His instincts told him to duck around the corner and press his back against the wall—just in time to see a bald man in a white coat pass him without noticing. I think if I were supposed to be here, the place would be more inviting. Stowik noticed a sign on the wall next to where his cheek was pressed.
“Of course, we haven’t been able to replicate it yet,” the man was talking into an earpiece, “well, if you want faster results let us take a crack at the working…” the voice faded off through the hallway.
Stowik waited until he was completely out of earshot and removed himself from the wall to take a closer look at the sign. He examined the large green sign and observed white lettering, spelling out Taylor East hall, with an arrow pointing to the hallway the man came from. Another arrow, Taylor West hall, pointed the opposite direction. Stowik followed the arrow labeled Taylor East hall and crept down the hall the man came from.
After several minutes, he came across a green door: the first door he had seen. Beside the door hung dozens of white coats identical to the one the bald man wore. Next to them were three bins filled with white gloves, and white coverings for his shoes and hair. Stowik shrugged. I came this far. He started putting on the gloves, shoe, and hair coverings, and finally the white coat. He could almost hear Rockhead’s voice in his mind: You dummy, you’re not actually going to open the door, are you? After he was fully geared up, he opened the door to another enormous room and looked around. Not everyone already knows all the answers like you, Rockhead. Woah. They really build big here. He found himself in a workshop equally as large as his in EC 212.
Dozens of workers dressed identically to Stowik bustled around the room, so focused on their work that they didn’t notice Stowik’s entrance. 
He overheard two of the closest workers, “Yeah, I heard it from Jennuss over in West. It’s no joke,” a white-clad woman said to a man with long hair poking out of his white hair covering working beside her. 
“Wow,” the man responded, “sounds risky to me. Doesn’t that cross the line of ethical twice? We are talking about his head here.” 
Who is ‘he’. They couldn’t be referring to me, could they? Stowik wandered closer to what everyone was working on, his guard up.
In the center lay a giant machine that they all seemed focused on. Stowik examined it nonchalantly from afar so as not to draw attention. It was plastic, two stories tall, with several legs at odd angles protruding from it. Other legs lay broken on the ground beside the machine. A transparent material on the top of the machine was cracked in many places and was smeared red. 
Wait, that’s a hopper. That’s my hopper. But my hopper is in Hangar One, and this one is in pieces. That’s when it dawned on him. Rockhead’s hopper. Nausea hit him like a wave. A faint hissing sound filled his brain, clouding his senses. He staggered out of the room, his presence apparently undetected. Stowik stripped off the white gear and ran down the hallway. He found himself back at the intersection that split the halls Taylor East and West, and he sat against the wall to catch his breath.
I am one of one. Am I hallucinating again? No. That was Rockhead’s hopper. They must have found his hopper and took it before I got there. Which means I haven’t been living alone in Alpha India for my entire life. So the Fire never happened? I’m not crazy?  Like Dalrin wants me to believe. But why? Do they want Alpha India vision? I am one of one.
The bald man’s words reverberated through Stowik’s head, “Of course we haven’t been able to replicate it yet… if you want faster results, let us take a crack at the working…” At the working hopper. My hopper that’s in Hangar One. But why? To manipulate me. To get me to live in the Arksent and build them hoppers, because they can’t. To fight their war for them from my workshop.
The only other conversation he heard down on level HT replayed in his head, “Yeah, I heard it from Jennuss over in West, it’s no joke…Wow. Doesn’t that cross the line of ethical twice? We are talking about his head here.”
Stowik stood up straight, closed his eyes, and took a deep breath. He turned and started walking quickly down Taylor West hall. His feet plodded rhythmically through the grey corridor. My mind did not betray me and create a false reality. It was all real. They didn’t find Block two empty, they emptied it. The soldier bringing the food cart down here…They have Alpha India. I am not one of one. I am one of fifty. Stowik could feel his heart beating out of his chest. His breath became more rapid. Calm down, Stowik. As if brought on by his renewed awareness of Alpha India’s existence, a childhood rhyme popped into his head. One is a tree, two is a forest, you won’t find them here so get back to the core-test. Stowik froze. Get back to the core-test. Get back to the Cortex. Get back at the Cortex. That’s it. Stowik stopped and turned his ear toward the hallway. Footsteps. Stowik needed to get back to the elevators and get off this level. He turned around and carefully walked back down the hall, passed the signs, and turned back the way he came. I don’t blend in down here. He grabbed the white gear and moved quickly, his footsteps resonating regularily through Taylor East hall. Just then, his earpiece buzzed to life.
“Stowik,” sounded into his ear. Dalrin.
“Dalrin,” Stowik said softly.
“Is everything all right?” Dalrin asked in his usual fatherly tone.
Could he know where I am? No, that’s impossible, don’t let him get in your head. I am one of fifty.
No. “Yes, everything is fine. Why?” asked Stowik, struggling to keep his voice steady.
“I thought you were taking your hopper for a spin but I see it here untouched in Hangar one,” said Dalrin.
Damn. “Oh, right. I wanted to rest after working in EC, but I’m actually on my way right now,” offered Stowik.
“All right, just making sure you found it okay,” replied Dalrin.
Stowik stuffed the white gear in his pockets and folded up the coat into a ball. I’ll need this later. He quickly made his way back the way he came, and within fifteen minutes he was back in the elevator on his way to floor seven. On floor five a woman stopped to enter the elevator and stood in front of Stowik. Stowik looked past her at the propaganda poster of Dalrin standing with the smiling kids. Lying scum. Bushbaby involuntarily ground his teeth.
The elevator stopped at floor seven and he got off. He walked to his room, hid the white gear under his mattress, and hurried back to the elevator. After descending, he stepped out onto floor one and immediately found himself in a long hallway. Stowik continued through the hallway and entered a massive opening labeled Hangar One. He made his way through the bustling soldiers and workers, around the rovers and equipment of different sizes, until his eyes rested on a familiar site: his hopper. Standing below the hopper, speaking with a soldier, was Dalrin. Stowik’s eyes narrowed.
“Ah, Stowik, glad you made it,” Dalrin said with a smile.
Stowik forced himself to smile back, fighting back the torrent of voices in his head that wanted to make Dalrin feel the pain that he had felt, “Of course.”
“So, I trust you enjoy your new workshop?” asked Dalrin.
Stowik was honest, “It’s incredible. I take back what I said about working alone.” I am one of fifty. “I have something big in mind.”
Intrigued, Dalrin only replied, “Of course, whatever you need.”
Stowik nodded at him and climbed up into the hopper. He ignited the engine and lifted out of the hangar as the ceiling parted ways for him. He flew off into the dark Titan sky to relax his nerves. That’s when he planned his next move. Because human nature isn’t a flat pasture, it’s a series of rolling hills, and for every low, there is a high of equal magnitude. Alpha India was back, and Stowik had purpose.
One is a tree, two is a forest, you won’t find them here, get back to the core-test. Get back at the Cortex, Stowik amended.

2123

Day 372: Entry 50: Commander Neil Taylor: It’s been over a year since we landed. This should feel like a milestone, but it doesn’t feel like anything. It’s hard to feel at all. The cold is numbing and the loneliness is insanity. One year ago from tomorrow marks the day we lost almost half the crew to the virus. The day I lost my best friend. I don’t know why I keep writing these entries. Maybe I’m kidding myself that someone fifty years down the road will be interested that we replaced a broken gasket on the Monarch suit. Or that we figured out a way to route atmospheric methane directly into the generator. The small tasks that keep us busy. And alive. Will they care to know that when we go outside its still frigid in our suits? No amount of thermal regulation can keep the cold away. It comes on instantly. It’s a cold that wakes the dead. What does that make me? Long after the EVA, I can feel it in my bones. And for what? To gather more fuel, to begin building structures? The crew is determined to build underground. We’ve rigged the rovers to run ethane and stripped them of their front wheels. Instead, abrasive spikes are belted to the front wheels to dig away at the ice. The rover was designed to be lightweight on Mars, but it’s much lighter on Titan, so it only takes two people to alter its orientation to continue digging. It works, but it’s slow. I go through the motions to keep the crew happy, but in truth, my heart isn’t in it. I’m not really filling my end of the bargain to future generations, am I? That’s when I worry the most. When anyone mentions future generations. Like humans will breed on Titan. Is it ethical to raise a child in an environment like this? Is it human? It’s cold, its dark, the atmosphere contains toxic hydrocarbons, the list goes on. I hate thinking about things like this. Give me another broken gasket, anything. I remember when I was a kid, my dad took me out fishing. It was 2062 and we were in DC. You could practically see the waves lapping up on the White House. That was pre-Eastern Federation, when there was a White House. We were in the marshes, just me and him. Where would I take my kid here? Come on, Johnny, wait 18 years until a suit fits you, and follow me outside. We’ll bond, it will be fun. You can watch a pebble sink in the hydrocarbon sludge if you don’t freeze to death before you can pry a meteorite out of the ice. Oh, maybe I’d name him Arthur.
It would be nice to have more manpower. I miss the rest of the crew. I never should have let them go. But I was backed into a corner. Constantly reminding myself does nothing to ease the doubt. Those first days I protected the Ark Initiative with a vengeance to the point of exiling the very same people that put the Ark Initiative here. But that’s not true, is it? The Ark sent us here, not the other way around. Now I just don’t care about the Initiative, but atleast we haven’t died yet. I don’t think we will, unless it’s a conscious decision. I never thought we’d make it past the first months, but we’re doing well. Just the thought puts an acid taste in my mouth. There’s so much fuel on this godforsaken moon that we’ve expanded the greenhouse. The plants are thriving. No one else seems to realize it doesn’t matter anymore.
Sometimes I think about leaving. I would walk on and on until my bones ache, and not just from the cold. Until my legs couldn’t carry me any farther. I would collapse and stare up through the haze and maybe I’d see Saturn staring back. It would be like I’m the last human on Titan. The last human ever. What would that feel like? Liberating, I’ll bet.


2520

Stowik was in a trance. He wasn’t even aware that his hand was shivering slightly, the pen in his grip drawing the same circle on the map over and over. Two droes had passed since he had discovered Dalrin’s lie. Rockhead’s hopper was in East, and those workers said something was going on in West. The soldier brought the food cart down there, and I didn’t see it in East. Alpha must be here. In the Cortex. In West. I know it. Underneath Stowik’s forearm lay a map of the Cortex, hand-drawn in his own shaky scrawl. His pen continued winding its way over and over one point on the map: the room where he knew his fellow Alpha Indianites were being held captive. By Dalrin. Get back at the Cortex. Get Alpha India out. Think, Stowik.
Stowik glanced to his right to rest his bloodshot eyes. His dilated pupils settled on his earpiece, which now lay dissassembled on his worktable. It was transmitting, always transmitting. Stowik knew that could only mean one thing. He’s following my movements. Does he know that I was in the Taylor Halls? No, if he knew that I had found out the truth, he’d have come for me already. Stowik hadn’t disabled the tracker in his earpiece yet—he knew he could use it. But how? He would reassemble the earpiece later.
Stowik turned away and studied the hopper blueprints next to him. No, that won’t work. He tilted his head as it dawned on him. It needs to be bigger. Much bigger. He immediately began drawing over the blueprints. Stowik paced his workshop, chin down and arms crossed tightly against his body. He would get the Alpha Indianites, and then what?
Stowik’s eyes darted back to the map. On one particular hallway, which was the site of a lot of Arksent soldier foot traffic, Stowik had drawn an X. Stowik scanned his map, looking for a way around the hallway. There was none. He’d just have to risk it. Risk the lives of him and forty-nine Alpha Indianites to leave the Cortex for good. We’ll have to blend in.
Stowik froze as an idea began taking shape. He made a quick note on his blueprints. There wasn’t enough light in the workshop for his thin form to cast a shadow on the rough floor. There wasn’t a limit to the chaos that he would bring to the Arksent. 
We’re leaving the Cortex. One way or another. Stowik banished the dark thought from his mind. He spent his next hours in a mental sprint back and forth between the Cortex map and his blueprints, plotting his escape until the rising sun dragged a new droe behind it.


2123

Day 501: Entry 54: Neil Taylor: I thought I had something important to record but I already forgot what I was going to write.


2521

Stowik walked briskly around the various parts and equipment that littered his workshop.
“Where did you want this, Stowik?” asked one of his workers.
Stowik pointed to the second hopper, “Put it next to Hollowbone for now, Thom, by the main hatch. We can’t integrate that until Bennett’s team finishes the hydraulics assembly.”
The man walked away and relayed Stowik’s message to his team. For the past year, Stowik had overseen close to three hundred Arksent workers constructing the two hoppers. Bigger plans needed bigger manpower. For the first time in fifteen hours, he had a few minutes to himself. He gazed up at the two hoppers side by side. They were massive: the same general shape as his original design, but scaled up to accommodate a crew of fifty. Designed to be a transport for crew or cargo, heavy lift was their objective. The result of meticulous planning and non-stop work, with almost three hundred engineers. I almost regret needing to destroy one. Almost. The Arksent were excited to employ the behemoths in their war against the Opposition. Stowik had other plans. His mind wandered back to Taylor West hall, where he knew his fellow Alpha Indianites were held captive, if they were still alive. He had begun paying attention to the food deliveries in the mess hall, and he was unsurprised at what he saw: a sizeable chunk of food and supplies were being regularily diverted to the elevator, below which Stowik knew sprawled Taylor West hall. The Alpha Indiantes had to still be alive. But what are they being held captive for?
Stowik was pulled out of his thoughts by another worker saying, “Stowik, the hydraulic system is completed and installed.”
Stowik nodded. “Good work, Bennett,” he addressed the man. “Let Thom know he’s clear.”
Stowik directed his workers in their finals hours of assembling Hollowbone and Phoenix. Several team leaders approached Stowik. “We are all clear,” one spoke.
“Clear for test flight one?” asked Stowik.
“Yes,” the woman said with a smile.
Right on schedule. This is it. I am one of fifty.
Stowik walked over to Hollowbone, and the massive hatch descended to his feet. He walked up the ramp that led to the hopper’s entrance and examined the spacious interior. It’s a mobile command center.
Thom followed Stowik up the ramp and stood behind him, “A motivated crew could live in one of these crafts indefinitely. These hoppers are truly incredible machines. Nothing like the Arksent has ever witnessed.”
Or ever will witness. Stowik agreed on the outside, “You should be proud of yourself. It was an easy decision to assign you as pilot of Hollowbone.” In truth, it was a hard decision: Stowik had come to know and like Thom, but Thom was the most qualified, and people would whisper and wonder if Stowik assigned anyone else as Hollowbone’s pilot.
 Stowik continued up the second floor to the crew quarters and on to the third floor. He made his way to the cockpit and sat down in the seat, where his eyes took in the controls. His hand rested on the throttle. Familiar. Stowik breathed in and felt the throttle resist his arm. He pushed harder and heard the engine roar to life. But way more powerful. Flames shot out beneath the hopper. Stowik pushed the throttle up more and kept his hands steady on the controls. The enormous hopper eased off the ground. After a moment, its spider-like legs cleared the ground. Stowik’s workers stared in awe as the massive flying machine hovered in the workshop. He couldn’t hear them through the roar of the engines, but he could see them hitting their hands together. Strange custom. Stowik increased thrust and felt the hopper rise to a height of ten meters. Hollowbone is powerful. It was one thing to design it, but to actually fly it…wow. He let the thrust dwindle until the hopper clanked loudly onto the workshop floor. Stowik repeated the procedure with Phoenix with equal success. He stepped out of the cockpit and lowered the ramp, joining his workers on the ground floor.
Stowik forced himself to lie, “This day marks the beginning of Arksent’s aerial dominance over Titan. No longer will lands remain unseen by human eyes, and no more will we be hindered by the terrain. The future of the Arksent,” Stowik pointed to the hoppers behind him, “lies in the air.” The crowd erupted in cheers and laughter as the team celebrated their success.
Stowik spoke into his earpiece, “Link Dalrin. Send in the first crew.” Stowik had gotten into the habit of being friendly with Dalrin, so as not to arouse any suspicion, and had left the tracker in his earpiece intact for the same reason; Dalrin would notice otherwise.
“You got it,” came his response back.
The workers cleared the room as soldiers filed into the workshop to participate in the first testing and training exercise above the Cortex. The soldiers soon began boarding Hollowbone, along with Thom, who had trained on Stowik’s hopper to be Hollowbone’s pilot. Fifteen minutes later, the workshop’s ceiling parted to reveal the Titan sky. 
Stowik addressed Bennett, “Make sure the workshop is cleared of all personnel once Hollowbone clears the roof. Everyone watches from outside. Got it?”
“Loud and clear, boss,” replied Bennett. Good.
Stowik slowly edged his way to the door. Under Thom’s control, Hollowbone began ascending through the Cortex up into the open air. All eyes were on the majestic hopper as it slowly rose through the air and the roar of the engines seemed to vibrate the walls themselves. Stowik slid out the door and swiftly got on the elevator. He stared at another propaganda poster on the wall. The life-sized Dalrin Taylor was smiling and shaking hands with a man in a hard hat: “Because of the Turbine, The Department of Engineering and Mining’s productivity has increased by 50%. Thank an engineer today.” Stowik could feel bile rising up from this stomach in disgust. The elevator came to a stop and Stowik started to walk out, stopped himself and tore down the poster. He crumpled up the poster into a ball, tossing it to the side as he briskly walked to his room on floor seven. He reached under his mattress and blindly felt around. Gotcha. Stowik pulled his hand out, revealing the white lab coat, hair and shoe coverings he had taken from level HT a year ago. Time to pay a visit to Taylor West hall.
Stowik descended to Hangar One on the first floor. Stowik walked over to where rovers were parked. One was being readied for use. 
Stowik approached the rover and asked the driver, “Where are you heading?”
“Scouting mission, fifteen kilometers due south. Reports of Opposition activity,” the soldier replied.
“Thanks,” said Stowik. He walked around the back of the rover as if making to leave. His hands reached up and pulled his earpiece out, and he tossed it into the back of the rover. Drive fast, buddy. Stowik walked back to the elevator.
The elevator descended for several minutes before it slowed to a stop. Stowik stepped out of the elevator and faced the long grey hallway he remembered from one year ago. He was in the Taylor halls now. He put on the white gear and began walking down the hallway. He let his memory guide him back to the intersection that lead to Taylor West hall. On the way, he passed one woman in white gear who said hello. Stowik responded in kind, kept his head down, and continued walking. Eventually, Stowik reached it: the green sign that pointed to Taylor East hall and Taylor West hall. He turned down Taylor West hall and walked onward. The hallway came to a dead end and Stowik walked up to a green door. White gear lined the walls. They better be ready to move. After today, both of those hoppers will be moved to the hangars. He braced his hand on the handle and dreaded what he would find inside. He turned the handle and pushed slowly, careful to make as little noise as possible. Stowik cautiously shut the door behind him and let his eyes adjust to the dim lighting of the room. The walls and floor were the same glossy white as the Arksent above, but on the far wall of the room was a massive tinted window into another room. It was too far away for Stowik to discern the shapes held inside. His eyes were drawn to the center of the room, where a bright spotlight illuminated a person in white gear standing over a large table. 
Making no noise, he slowly walked up to the table, taking care to keep himself behind the worker, who was engaged closely in his task and had not noticed Stowik enter the room. Now only ten feet away, Stowik could see what was on the table. It was a person. One he recognized. Imbria. How is she alive? I saw Dalrin shoot her. Stowik felt a rush of unexpected happiness at the familiar face. From afar, Imbria appeared to be comatose.
Stowik stepped forward once more and almost knocked into a small side table that bore several instruments. One caught Stowik’s eyes. This will work. Stowik picked up the object and closed the distance between the worker and himself. He quickly jammed the sharp end of the full syringe into the man’s neck, hoping it was the same sedative that was keeping Imbria unconcious. The man let out a gasp as Stowik used his thumb to push down the plunger of the syringe, which injected the liquid into the man’s bloodstream. The man immediately crumpled to the floor. Stowik stood over Imbria’s still body. She was asleep. She looked so peaceful in her slumber, her delicate eyelashes framing her closed eyes. I’ll keep her safe this time, Stowik vowed, as she tried to do for Alpha. Imbria was right all along. How could he have believed Dalrin Taylor’s lies? They needed to rejoin the Opposition. It was the only way to fight back.
“Imbria,” Stowik said softly. There was no response. 
“Imbria,” he said again, this time louder, and jostled her arm. She stirred and slowly opened her eyes. When her large pupils focused on Stowik’s, she was immediately alert.
“Stowik! What are you doing here? How did you find us? You have to get out,” Imbria started.
Stowik noticed she was strapped to the table, so he quickly undid her binds. “No time. Be quiet, we can’t afford to be loud. I saw Dalrin kill you,” he accused.
“Dalrin shot me with a tranquilizer.” Imbria sat up and registered the empty syringe in Stowik’s hand and the crumpled body of the worker on the ground. She looked impressed. “The same stuff you just put in his neck.” she added in reference to the crumpled lab technician on the floor.
Stowik froze as he looked around the room. “What the hell goes on down here?” Stowik asked.
“Didn’t you say ‘no time’? All of that later, we have to get out of here,” said Imbria.
 “Right,” said Stowik as he started moving again, “But wait! Did they get the Opposition location out of you?” asked Stowik.
“I was never interrogated. Let’s go!” whispered Imbria urgently.
“With Alpha India,” Stowik affirmed as he walked over to the large window against the wall.
“With Alpha India,” Imbria agreed, “but hurry.”
Right. Hurrying. But what the hell is going on here? He used a tranquilizer instead of killing the second in command of the Opposition? And then didn’t interrogate her? Why would the Arksent want Imbria alive if not for information? If they’re doing experiments to harness our superior vision, wouldn’t any one of Alpha India do?
Stowik stood against the thick tinted window and saw forty nine sedentary bodies sleeping in cots, all dressed in white, full-body suits. I am one of fifty.
“Why are they all asleep?” Stowik asked Imbria.
“They drug us to keep us sedated for their experiments,” Imbria replied.
“Are my parents, Tom and Ellis okay? And Sartis?” Stowik asked.
Imbria shrugged, “They kept me isolated. I never met your colony members.” She tapped a button next to the cell and the door slid open. Stowik and Imbria walked in.
“Wake up, wake up, wake up,” Stowik yelled over and over again as he vigorously jostled the still figures out of their sleep. They slowly came to and saw Stowik.
“Stowik!” one Alpha Indianite yelled. The others looked at him in amazement, and they all began shouting his name. The prisoners began asking him questions, like “How did you find us?” and “Are you okay?” and “Get us out of here.” The noise was deafening. Where is Sartis? Mom and Dad?
Stowik silenced them all with a yell, “Quiet! Tom, Ellis, Sartis, where are you?”
A female voice rose from the croud, muffled by the sound of moving bodies, “We’re all here, Stowik! Worry about the others.” Was that Sartis’ voice? Stowik inwardly relaxed.
The group settled down and one Elder spoke up, “We’re glad to see you healthy, Stowik. Formalities later, though. I presume you have an escape plan?” Where are Aitken and Val?
As if to answer the Elder’s question, a deep rumbling shook the room, but Stowik knew it wasn’t another quake.
Good timing. Stowik nodded, “Just do as I say and keep quiet,” he replied to the group. He led the drugged up and groggy group out of the room and into Taylor West hall.
“Everyone grab a coat, and hair and shoe coverings,” Stowik directed the group. They did as he told, and Imbria went up to Stowik.
“That wasn’t a quake, Stowik, that was an explosion. Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” she asked nervously.
Stowik nodded, “As sure I can be, given the circumstances. I built another hopper—a much bigger one. It was being flown directly above the Cortex. But I designed the engine to cut off when the transmitter leaves the five kilometer range.”
Confused, Imbria asked, “You rigged that explosion? But surely they aren’t piloting the hopper at an altitude of five kilometers. Where is the transmitter?”
Stowik caught himself before he let out a crooked grin, “On a scouting mission.”
Imbria gave Stowik a puzzled look, but their conversation was interrupted by the Elder. “Stowik, we’ve got a problem—we’re short one white coat” Stowik cursed; he hadn’t counted on Imbria being there. The Elder grimaced and his hand immediately shot up to cover his ear.
“What’s wrong?” asked Stowik. He took a step closer to examine the Elder’s ear.
With surprising speed, the Elder stepped back and turned away from Stowik. “It’s nothing,” the Elder replied with a contorted expression. What have the Arksent scum been doing to my colony members?
Stowik shrugged. “Wait here,” said Stowik.
He ran down Taylor West hall until the intersection and turned onto Taylor East hall. He maintained his fast running pace, and within a few minutes he came across the large green door that separated the hall from Rockhead’s destroyed hopper. Stowik quickly stuffed one of the white coats into his arms and ran back to Taylor West hall. Within minutes he was back at the door, panting in the face of forty-nine of his colony members. He tossed the coat to Imbria. Time to go.
“Stay close, and stay quiet. Look like you have purpose,” Stowik instructed. Still drugged up, the prisoners could only walk at a modest pace. Finally, the group reached the elevator. Stowik frowned. We can’t fit fifty-one people inside of this thing. 
Stowik turned around, “Ten at a time, I’ll guide you. The rest of you, wait here. Do not move.”
The first ten prisoners got on the elevator. Stowik pushed the button to take them to level two and the doors closed. The elevator climbed slowly for a time, and then jerked to a halt. The doors opened, exposing Stowik and the ten prisoners in disguise to the familiar engineering room. Making their way across the large room, the group was careful to avoid the large machines and people running toward the direction of the explosion. They reached the hallway at the end of the room, and Stowik guided them to his workshop. A soldier was walking by them, talking into his earpiece. Stowik looked down, but it was too late.
Stowik heard the soldier say “Hold on, I’ll call you back. Over,” and then the soldier confronted him.
“All of you white-coats coming from the labs?” he asked with an arched eyebrow.
Stowik stuttered, “Uh, yeah.” Think of something. “We’re the guys who are gonna save this damn building before it goes up. We’re cutting off all the ethane pipelines. Shouldn’t you be doing something useful?” Stowik demanded with authority.
The soldier was taken aback. He started to say something and then put his hand to his ear. A strange expression crept on his face as he eyed Stowik with something bordering on disgust. His eyes turned to the prisoners behind Stowik and examined them with the blankest of expressions. 
After several seconds, the soldier spoke. “Get to it,” he said curtly as he stiffly walked away. That was close.
Stowik breathed a sigh of relief and looked back at the soldier. He could see the soldier walking away shaking his head angrily and his hands balled up into fists. Could have been much worse. He found his way to the entrance of EC 212.
“Stowik,” he spoke to the door. It opened and the prisoners filed into the workshop, which was now empty of his workers.
Stowik walked over to the grounded hopper, Phoenix, and pushed a button on the side of the massive vehicle. The ramp lowered. 
“Wait in here,” he said.
“Sure is a lot bigger than I remember,” commented one of the prisoners. The other Alpha Indiantes looked at him with wide eyes and alarmed expressions.
“What?” asked Stowik, clearly puzzled, “This is bigger than the hoppers you remember from Alpha India? Is that what you meant?” You could have heard a pin drop.
The Alpha Indianite looked panicked, “Ye—yes,” he stumbled with his speech.
What kind of drugs did the Arksent use on them? They are totally out of it. Stowik quickly rushed back down to level HT, where he repeated the procedure four more times to ferry the prisoners, and finally on the last trip, Imbria, to Phoenix.
This is almost too easy. Stowik hit a button on the wall which parted the ceiling, ran into the hopper, and took his seat at the controls.
Imbria joined Stowik in the cockpit, “That’s all of us.”
“Then it’s time to get out of here,” Stowik pushed the button to raise the ramp and sealed everyone inside of the hopper.
He pushed the throttle forward and powered up the engines that would lift the leviathan of a hopper. The hopper’s legs lifted off of the floor slowly. Stowik pushed harder, and in moments the hopper cleared the ceiling entirely. Now the hopper was hovering above the Cortex. Stowik began steering the hopper laterally and soon they were flying over the vast expanse of the Cortex.
Within a minute they flew over the wreckage of Hollowbone. Stowik craned his neck to see the destroyed remains of the hopper. It was surrounded by hundreds of workers trying to put out the fire and rescue the soldiers inside. The crash had punched a massive hole in a Cortex structure, and the fires had spread, consuming surrounding structures faster than the workers could put them out. The devastation was massive.
“Well, if there was any doubt in their minds, our escape should be pretty obvious now,” Stowik said as he saw Arksent workers staring at Pheonix overhead and pointing. Stowik directed the hopper away, and they cleared Arksent airspace moments later.
Imbria turned to Stowik, “Where are you planning on taking us?”
“Yes, where?” Imbria and Stowik swiveled around to see the Elder framed in the doorway of the cockpit.
“I actually hadn’t planned that far ahead. Right now I’m just trying to put as much distance between us and the Arksent,” he replied.
“I suggest we go to Opposition Headquarters. There will be food, shelter, medicine, and accommodations for everyone. It’s the only place that can support all of us,” Imbria said.
“She’s right, Stowik,” stated the Elder.
“And because they want information from me?” asked Stowik.
“You may know more than you think. We haven’t had contact with the Arksent in years,” Imbria admitted.
“Okay,” said Stowik, “show me the way.”


2323

Day ???: Entry ??: Eddy Sion history essay notes: My name is Eddy Sion and I’m doing an essay on the history of the Arksent. Teacher always taught me never to start an essay like this, but this isn’t an ordinary essay: I’m writing in the Commander’s log! Don’t tell teacher. Today is the two-hundred year anniversary of Neil Taylor’s death (birth date unknown, I already checked), the leader of the original Arksent. I’m writing in this log not because I’m a Commander (I’m not, I’m only eleven), but I’m writing a history essay for my class. My teacher says I’m one of the best students in the entire Department of Education, and that one day, I could join any Department I want. Teacher always tells me that I have too many questions to answer, and I need to start finding them for myself. So that’s what I’m doing.
Do you know how many people know why we are called the Arksent? I do: Just me. No one reads these logs anymore, but one quick glance will show you. In the year 2123, Commander Neil Taylor wrote in his Commander’s log: “The Ark sent us here”. I think it was likely that Neil or someone else strung those words together, and sooner or later the crew were referring to themselves as Arksent. I know it’s a crazy idea, but I am one of the best students, so think about it. I’m going off on tangents, but keep in mind that this isn’t my book report, just some notes I’m writing in the Commander’s log. No one checks these anyways because no one can work the Compute machine except a few of us. It took me weeks to learn how to type but Teacher said that’s twice as fast as other people. Most people have trouble remembering which keys go to what letter because they aren’t labeled. Teacher says they were labeled but they rubbed off, so the people who used to use the Compute machine had it really easy.
Did you know that when Neil and his crew got here, they only have one spaceship? I think that is very impressive because now we have many buildings and the population is growing so large that the Imperator is talking about a huge expansion that would give each Department its own outpost. I’m not sure I’d like that because then if I join the Department of Education I couldn’t be with my parents (who are in the Department of Engineering and Mining), but I guess that’s okay because then the engineers will stop taking apart the Compute machine to see how it works (they don’t know) and I can use it for History (more useful).
I was going through some of the really old records that someone must have deleted because they weren’t in the main folder, and the records mentioned something called a Hexcannon, which was built to destroy asteroids. I don’t know why Neil and his crew had it with them when they landed on Titan but I thought: “I better check this out, just for Historical purposes.” That’s all, not because it’s incredibly cool, but it is that also. It took weeks going through all the old stuff that had been put in storage. But then I found it. The Hexcannon. You wouldn’t believe how big it is, and next to it are these massive metal rods that are bigger than I am. I think that is historically very important because that must mean that Earth had a lot of metal, but no one really knows.


2521

Phoenix and its occupants reached the Opposition headquarters successfully. Strangely, it was built into a large canyon wall. On the inside, it resembled the rough grey of Alpha India more than the oppressive white of the Arksent, and Stowik found it comforting.
“Why is headquarters not built inside a crater like every other structure?” asked Stowik.
“Too easy to spot from the air. The Arksent used to do some testing of small satellites on ballistic trajectories. Building into an ice wall is much harder, but it ensures that we’re harder to spot,” replied Imbria.
The Opposition people were accommodating, and his fellow colony members were given plenty of food and a large area to rest. The presence of the newcomers excited the members of the Opposition, as word had not reached them that they had successfully made contact with Alpha India. They were fascinated by the large pupils of the Alpha Indianites.
Stowik sat in a chair next to Imbria, and faced Nektaria, the leader of the Opposition. One of the rescued Alpha Indianites sat in the corner while the rest of the Alpha Indianites were getting their strength back in the mess hall.
“What did they want with Alpha India? What happened down in the West room?” Nektaria asked Imbria.
“They were doing biologic experiments on us. They want Alpha eyes, as far as I could tell,” Imbria replied.
Everyone in the room turned to the Alpha Indianite in the corner, who was nodding slowly, his eyes focused on something only he could see.
“Did they succeed?” asked Nektaria.
Imbria shrugged, “They tried to harness the virus in a form that was not contagious so they could contain its dispersal. A year ago, the Arksent workers appeared unusually excited. It’s possible they succeeded.”
Imbria stepped out of the chair and walked behind Stowik, “They kept us sedated the whole time. Thank you for—” she stopped in her tracks. “Have you always had that scar on your neck?” she asked.
“What?” Stowik asked. His hand involuntarily shot up to feel the back of his neck, where he felt a small scar that ran lengthwise down his neck. Under it was an unobtrusive bump. “No, I never even noticed this until now,” he said.
Imbria walked over and stared intently an inch away from the scar, “I’ve seen something like this before. It’s Arksent technology.”
Stowik glanced at Imbria and Nekteria nervously, “What is it?”
Imbria’s voice came out low, “A tracking device.”
Could Dalrin have wanted me to escape? To lead them here?
The color drained from Stowik’s cheeks, “That’s why the escape was so easy. Don’t you think it was strange how we encountered no resistance whatsoever? Even with the explosion of Hollowbone, I expected more trouble.”
“I don’t know, Stowik, I was still pretty drugged up. Are you suggesting they intended you to escape?” she replied.
Stowik nodded, “If I was being tracked when I discovered level HT last year, Dalrin would have known about it immediately and suspected I was up to something. The thing is, the earpiece radio that I was given also had a tracker in it,” Stowik mused, “Dalrin must have counted on me finding that one.”
“So Dalrin knew that you found the Alpha Indianites and Imbria a year ago and let it play out? Sounds like a big risk to me,” speculated Nektaria.
“Not if he thought I would lead him to Opposition headquarters,” countered Imbria.
“Can we cut it out?” asked Stowik.
“Too close to the nerves, you’re more likely to be paralyzed,” replied Nektaria.
“I can take a rover,” suggested Stowik.
Nektaria shook her head, “Not fast enough. They will be on their way right now. I hate to do this, but you need to take Phoenix and move as far away as possible. The Arksent cannot find this base. If they do, it’s all over.” Nektaria cursed. “In your hopper you have about a twenty-four hour head start on them, but you’ve got to move now.”
“Will one day be enough lead?” Stowik asked, distressed.
“It will have to be,” said Nektaria gravely.
Stowik nodded, “Take care of Alpha India.” He stood up to go.
“But you’ll be imprisoned by the Arksent!” Imbria protested.
Stowik shrugged, “What’s the alternative?” Imbria looked down at her feet; she knew there was none.
Nektaria paused, “What do you think of all of this?” she directed at the Alpha Indianite who had been sitting quietly in the corner. All eyes turned to him. He started to open his mouth when Nektaria tilted her head.
“I actually haven’t been introduced to your fellow colony member,” she said to Stowik pointedly.
“Ah, apologies. This is Nektaria. Nektaria, this is—” Stowik froze.
Nektaria bent forward slightly with an open mouth, prompting Stowik to continue, “Yes?”
The Alpha Indianite spoke up for himself, “I’m—”
“No,” Imbria grated out as she raised a threatening finger, “Stowik. What is his name?” she asked suspiciously.
“It’s—” again he froze up. Why can’t I just say his name?
Silence filled the room as Nektaria and Imbria’s eyes bored down on Stowik. The Alpha Indianite wiped sweat from his brow.
“You don’t know his name, Stowik?” Nektaria asked slowly.
A shot rang out. Nektaria went down. Stowik looked up to see the Alpha Indianite holding a gun, his aim shifting to Stowik. A flash of movement—Imbria dove and the Alpha Indianite went down. Imbria pinned him to the ground while the Alpha Indianite struggled fiercely. Stowik backed against the wall, breathing quickly. What’s happening? A moment later Imbria gracefully rolled off of the Alpha Indianite. Stowik’s eyes darted from the crouching Imbria to the thin red line decorating the neck of the Alpha Indianite. He lay splayed out on the floor. Imbria shifted her predatory gaze from Nektaria slumped against the far wall to Stowik. 
“What have you brought to this place?” Imbria accused Stowik. If he could have shrunk into oblivion, he would have. But he just stood there, too in shock to say anything. Too in shock to do anything.
Before anything more could be said, the domino effect invaded Opposition headquarters. The loud unmistakable report of a rifle being fired within the complex rang out. Two more followed in quick succession. Stowik and Imbria remained motionless listening in confusion until there was a continuous barrage. Moments later, two soldiers burst through the room they were in.
Out of breath, the first soldier made his report, “The Alpha Indianites,” he stopped and took another breath as he surveyed the scene: Imbria crouched over a dead Alpha Indianite, Stowik trying to blend in to the wall, and Nektaria slumped on the ground, blood trickling out of her mouth.
Impatiently, Stowik cut in, “The Alpha Indianites what? Are they okay?” A shooting in the Opposition could be fatal when occupied by such a large concentration of people. And in their drugged state, the Alpha Indianites couldn’t possibly defend themselves against an attack.
Imbria cast Stowik a venomous glance and shook her head in exasperation. The soldier cast Stowik a grave look, “They have opened fire on the Opposition.”
What? Stowik started to speak, but Imbria was already on the radio, “Security breach inside headquarters, all soldiers gear up. Enemy is Alpha India. They are armed and dangerous, proceed with caution. Route out the intruders.”
Imbria walked away with speed and purpose followed by the two soldiers. Stowik followed. As they turned the corner, more Opposition soldiers could be seen rushing to the battle zone. The sound of gunfire filled the air. Two opposition soldiers walked past Imbria and grabbed Stowik.
“Hey, get off me. I don’t know what’s going on, but I’m not the enemy!” he yelled over the continuous pounding of gunfire. The soldiers didn’t respond as they dragged him away from Imbria.
“Imbria!” Stowik yelled out, “Tell them off, you know I had nothing to do with this!”
Imbria stopped. She turned around and stared blankly at the thrashing Stowik as the soldiers dragged him away.
“Do I?” her voice incising into the thick air could have ionized it into plasma.
“Where are you taking me?” Stowik addressed the two soldiers again. No response.
“Hey, I recognize you Tharsis, answer me!” No response.
Several minutes of walking through the icy passages of Opposition headquarters led to a whole row of cells. Stowik’s spirits plummeted at the sight of those dismal cells, suddenly imagining endless days shouting his innocence at guards who would never respond. The other soldier opened a cell and Tharsis threw Stowik in roughly. He stumbled into his cell, righted himself, and grabbed the bars.
“You’re making a mistake. I can help you. Let me talk to them,” yelled Stowik. Tharsis stood guard by the door. The other soldier ran back to the battle.
“So you don’t talk? You just follow orders blindly? Fuck! I can help!” Stowik yelled at his guard.
Tharsis shifted slightly, “As far as I’m concerned, your buddies opened fire on Opposition stomping grounds after we gave you safe haven. It was you that led them here. If you’re looking for sympathy, I have nothing for you.”
Stowik grasped the cold bars with his hands and shook them violently. They didn’t budge, not even a rattle. Stowik fumed inside his cell. He started running his hands along the seams where the bars connected with the ice. Solid. He looked around the cell. A tool, anything. There was nothing.
Stowik leaned against the wall and let his back slide down the cold wall of ice. He sat helplessly in his cell and listened to the yelling soldiers, the continuous gunfire, and the occasional explosion.
I don’t get it. Why are Alpha attacking Opposition? How do they even know how to use the rifles? And this tracker is still in my neck. The Arksent will be here in a matter of hours. My escape to save them was all for nothing.
Another explosion rocked Opposition headquarters. Closer this time. Stowik was nervous. Will the Alpha Indianites try to break me out if they find me? The sounds of war flooded the passageways as Stowik continued to listen for signs of the non-stop violence. 
After what seemed like hours, Stowik was alert. No sound of moving troops. No sound of gunfire. Is it over?
“Hey, what’s going on out there?” Stowik asked his guard.
Stowik heard a loud thump. Stowik could see the torso of the crumpled body of Tharsis sprawled out in front of his cell. So Alpha India came to free me. About time. But if they’re firing on Opposition, will they see me as the enemy too? Stowik heard a footstep. And then the sound of clinking keys as someone fumbled with the guard’s cell keys. A man Stowik recognized stepped in front of the cell. He was brandishing the cell key. He began working the lock. Dalrin Taylor. Stowik froze. Dalrin walked in the cell and closed it behind him. He was spinning the keys on his index finger.
“Hello, Stowik,” said Dalrin calmly. Stowik scrambled to his feet but didn’t respond.
“The fighting is over,” started Dalrin, “Opposition headquarters is now in Arksent hands. I can imagine what this looks like from your perspective. Evil, manipulative, deceitful. But I assure you, to view it as such would be a mistake,” said Dalrin.
Stowik didn’t respond. Dalrin sighed.
For several minutes, Stowik continued his silence. Then, “You installed a tracker device in my neck,” stated Stowik in a dead monotone.
“That’s right,” said Dalrin.
“The tracker device led you here,” said Stowik.
Dalrin shook his head, “Yes and no,” said Dalrin.
“You intended me to escape the Arksent to lead you to Opposition headquarters,” said Stowik.
“An astute observation,” said Dalrin.
“You removed my brother’s hopper from the crash site so I would think I was crazy,” said Stowik.
“Not quite,” said Dalrin.
“So I’m not crazy, then?” asked Stowik. The answer disturbed him.
“Again, not quite,” said Dalrin. Stowik could detect a faint hissing sound.
“But the hopper on level HT in the East room was my brother’s hopper,” said Stowik. He was getting louder and louder with each question.
“No,” said Dalrin.
“You did genetic experiments on the Alpha Indianites,” yelled Stowik, now exceedingly frustrated.
“False, but we led Imbria to believe we did,” said Dalrin.
“How did you know I would escape from the Arksent?” asked Stowik.
Dalrin wondered if Stowik was going to yell loud enough to burst his own eardrums. Dalrin began, “We created the hopper in the East room hoping you would find it precisely so you would believe you weren’t crazy. We figured that when you found it, you would think that we were responsible for capturing Alpha India, and that we took the hopper from your brother’s crash site to make you question your sanity. And then you’d begin your escape plan. Of course, we also had Imbria in custody. After you lost your trust in the Arksent, we assumed you would think of the Opposition as ‘the good guys’. It would only be natural for you to follow her to the Opposition. After all, Alpha India lost the last of its fuel over a year ago. The whole plan rested on you making the Arksent out to be the enemy, when in fact, we have done nothing to harm you or your colony. I’m here to offer you a way out.” The hissing sound grew in volume.
“How could you guarantee that I’d find East and West?” asked Stowik as he stared into empty space, his tone softening with genuine curiosity.
“There are no guarantees, but it doesn’t hurt the stack the deck—”
Stowik raised his head, “Stack the deck?”
Dalrin shrugged, “It’s an ancient expression; meaningless, really. We housed you next to the only elevator in the building that had access to East and West and routed food carts from the mess hall to Taylor West hall hourly until you noticed. Then we switched to weekly.”
“You were waiting next to my hopper the day I discovered the Taylor East and West. You knew the whole time,” said Stowik with a hint of bitterness.
“Your neck-tracker alerted me when you ‘crossed the threshold,’ so to speak.” Dalrin looked out of the cell and listened as if he was waiting for something.
“What about the earpiece tracker?” asked Stowik.
“A red herring,” explained Dalrin. “The reality is,” continued Dalrin, “you aren’t that crazy, or this whole plan wouldn’t have worked. For our plan to work, the subject must be extremely rational. We believe that the only mental issue you do have does not originate from schizophrenia, but from some kind of repressed memory. Your brain refused to believe that you were what you thought of as the last human alive, and so you created an alternate reality to support it. I’d like to add that that’s a completely understandable reaction to knowing, for all intents and purposes, that you are the last human that will ever live—you had no way of knowing that there was another thriving civilization on Titan. When we searched Alpha India, we found no evidence of any living people inside. The reality is, you have been living there alone for some substantial period of time. There is no Alpha India. Just you, Stowik.”
“Bullshit. I rescued the Alpha India prisoners from the West room. You had them drugged out of their minds,” countered Stowik. I am one of fifty. The hissing sound grew louder and louder.
“You ‘rescued’ Arksent infiltration soldiers pretending to be drugged, and brought them right to Opposition headquarters,” stated Dalrin firmly. “Did you actually recognize any of them?” The hissing sound enveloped Stowik’s mind, threatening to consume him.
Stowik shook his head, “Impossible. They had Alpha pupils,” He managed to croak.
“Proximity to Imbria infected them,” Dalrin replied as he watched Stowik squeezing his hands.
“Then why put a tracking device in my neck, and not theirs?” asked Bushbaby.
“Too risky. What if you noticed their scars?” said Dalrin.
“You said this war was fought over Alpha India,” said Stowik through gritted teeth.
“I lied,” replied Dalrin.
“You do a lot of that. How can I trust you?” challenged Stowik.
Dalrin shrugged, “I have nothing to gain by lying to you now. You served the one purpose you had: bringing us to Opposition headquarters.” 
“Did either the Opposition or the Arksent have any knowledge of the existence of Alpha India before I showed up? That’s what you told me the first day I met you,” said Stowik. He leaned forward in his sitting position, struggling to control his anger.
“No. I’m afraid when I told you another Alpha Indianite stumbled upon us years ago, I was not telling the truth. When we found you in the Opposition outpost, we were all caught off guard. The prospect of an unknown human settlement on Titan was quite exciting. Then, of course, we found Alpha India to be quite devoid of life,” said Dalrin in a sad tone. The hissing sound terminated abruptly and Stowik gasped for air.
“Why me?” inquired Stowik, breathing rapidly.
“Getting any Opposition, let alone Imbria, to trust an outsider is nigh impossible. You were in a unique position in that you are not Arksent, and you had nothing to hide,” replied Dalrin.
“But why place your bets on this elaborate plan when you could have just told me the truth and asked for my help?” asked Stowik. 
“We feared, rightfully so I believe, that had we asked for your help, the Opposition surely would have detected you were hiding something. And if you knew the truth about Alpha India, you would be less inclined to comply. While arguably slightly more complicated, my way eliminated that uncertainty.”
“Does the Arksent have microorganisms that feed off of ethane?” asked Stowik.
“The ethane-eating microorganism rumor is an Opposition propaganda stunt. We do have microorganisms used for waste disposal and such—they come straight from our bodies, sometimes with a small genetic variation. Do you know of any microbes in your body that feed off of ethane? Because I do not,” replied Dalrin.
Stowik took a big breath, “Did the Opposition drain any ethane aquifers?”
“It seems unlikely, considering it is their fuel source, and they didn’t know that Alpha India existed. It is unfortunate I had to lie to you, but it was imperative that I gained your trust,” offered Dalrin. He continued, “As a result of burning ethane, the naturally occurring methane in the atmosphere is undergoing ultraviolet photolysis more rapidly. So, the methane gas is being replaced with ethane, which we then burn. As a result, atmospheric pressures are becoming too low to support stable liquid ethane, and so the aquifers being drained by human activity are not being replenished as quickly by ground-ethane. Ethane aquifers everywhere are depleting.”
“Why would atmospheric pressures decline as a result of burning ethane? Carbon dioxide and water are going back into the atmosphere, so the only loss in the reaction is the heat,” said Stowik.
“You would be right if the temperature wasn’t dropping, but the carbon dioxide and water are condensing out of the atmosphere,” said Dalrin.
Stowik scoffed, “You sound like Imbria.” A sad smile crept to Dalrin’s lips.
“So the war began over the Turbine?” asked Stowik.
“That is correct,” answered Dalrin.
“And you built the Turbine so you can be the new Imperator of the Arksent,” said Stowik.
Dalrin shook his head. “I built the Turbine because I’m trying to avoid plunging the whole planet into a downward spiral of freezing conditions. We can’t live on a Titan even three degrees colder, or there won’t be enough oxygen to make the air breathable, Stowik, and if we didn’t find an alternative energy source, that’s exactly what would have happened. If we continue burning ethane at the same rate merely a year from now, we’d be doing irreparable damage to Titan’s atmospheric density.  And once the temperature drops to the point at which water ice stops sublimating, our natural source of oxygen would be gone. We’d have to adapt to a whole new environment. Titan is an unforgiving home as it is. Now think about lower temperatures and less oxygen in the atmosphere . Most people wouldn’t make it,” said Dalrin sadly.
“So you chose a different evil: cryovolcanism and tectonic collapse?” countered Stowik.
“How could we have known?” asked Dalrin.
“I could feel the quakes from Alpha India,” Stowik accused. Dalrin looked away with what appeared to be real regret painted across his face.
“Why did you withhold information about the consequences of the Turbine from Arksent citizens?” asked Stowik.
“We are already in the midst of a devastating civil war. We don’t need more division,” said Dalrin.
Stowik and Dalrin turned to the sound of footsteps heading in their direction. The Elder who Stowik had supposedly rescued was restraining Imbria. She was bleeding in several places and struggling violently. She glared into the cell as she was dragged by, and then Dalrin nodded at the soldier, who placed her gently in the farthest cell.
Stowik stared into empty space, “There was a fire in Alpha India. I think I was too young to remember anything. It wiped out everything.”
“Are you sure you were too young to remember?” prodded Dalrin.
“What are you, some kind of psychologist?” asked Stowik angrily. I am one of one.
Dalrin shook his head, “No, but he is.” Stowik followed Dalrin’s finger to the Elder standing outside of their cell. The man had his right hand to his ear and was speaking out loud to someone through his earpiece.
Stowik looked up and opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out.
 “I killed hundreds of Arksent when Hollowbone crashed,” continued Stowik. And all for nothing. Stowik was disgusted with himself.
“Eighty nine dead, five hundred and eight wounded. It wasn’t your fault, Stowik. We played a cruel trick on you. Despite that, I hope it will prevent thousands of more lives being lost. We’ve infiltrated Opposition headquarters. Most of their leadership is dead, as in Nektaria’s case, or in custody, as in Imbria’s case, and we have access to all of their classified files. This is the first decisive move that will lead to the end of the war,” said Dalrin.
“So now you kill me?” guessed Stowik.
“It seems unnecessary. You’re options are limited enough as it is. You can’t join the Opposition, because they will cease to exist within a droe. You can’t go back to Alpha India, because it would be psychologically dangerous for you to live alone again, although the last time you lived alone you truly believed you were the last human. I can only imagine that feeling, but it seems terrifying. Not to mention, you’re out of fuel. ”
“So you expect me to become an Arksent?” laughed Stowik.
Dalrin looked amused, “Far from it. It’s likely that the Opposition do and will blame you for their destruction. When we assimilate the rest of them, there will be a lot of ex-Opposition who will want your head. Besides, you may have feelings of betrayal of being manipulated by the Arksent, and you’ve already demonstrated yourself fully capable of revenge.”
“I don’t see any options left for me, then,” replied Stowik in a matter-of-fact tone.
“I do. You could be completely self-sustaining on the Pheonix. You saw to that yourself when you outfitted it with a greenhouse. Take the hopper and live out the rest of your days far away,” offered Dalrin.
“The Arksent will be able to part with their precious new transport?” asked Bushababy sarcastically.
Dalrin shrugged, “With the ending of the war, the urgency is gone. We don’t need a troop transport anymore. Besides, thanks to you we have the schematics when we want to employ a transport for industrial purposes. It’s too bad you had to train Thom as pilot for Hollowbone. He was one of our best engineers.”
Stowik cast his eyes down. He did regret Thom’s death. “But as you said, it would be dangerous for me to live alone, so according to you, that idea wouldn’t work,” added Stowik.
“You won’t be alone,” Dalrin quickly added, “you’ll take Imbria with you.”
“Imbria? With Nektaria’s death, she is the leader of the Opposition, which makes her public enemy number one. Won’t she be imprisoned? Why are you trying to help me?” questioned Stowik.
Dalrin sighed, “The Arksent want a scapegoat. If she stayed here, she wouldn’t be imprisoned—she would be publically executed. It’s true we don’t see eye to eye, but I cannot allow them to have Imbria Taylor. I’m helping you because it is the only way to save her.”


2500

“Ethan!”
Ethan didn’t turn around at the muffled call of his mother. He was exploring in the Concrete and playing with his new toys. Ethan’s small legs carried him through the dark caverns of the Concrete as he rubbed the mysterious metallic objects against each other. Sparks flew from the objects when he clanged them together and he giggled. Today was the most important Alpha India holiday: the day of the founding. Earlier in the day, Ethan had received the scraps of spacefall and a quick pat on the head from a miner—even they had the day off. The miner had said to him, “These came from the sky. Don’t you lose them, okay?” Everyone was in the Blocks resting after the celebration.
“Ethan!” his mom called. This time it was closer.
“Betcha can’t catch me!” he yelled back to his mom. His little legs were deceptively quick, and he was moving deeper and deeper into the unknown of the Concrete.
“I’m tired of this game, Ethan. It’s time for bed!” Ellis Kryzkowski called.
“No!” yelled Ethan. He turned a corner and ran down a passage. He continued rubbing his two new toys together. He watched in amazement as the sparks flew. The sparks were beautiful.  Bright orange shimmering fragments arcing through the air. It was almost like magic. Ethan was in heaven. He watched as one of the sparks landed on a large grey tube. Instead of going out like the other sparks though, this one continued to burn. And much brighter. Ethan stopped rubbing the objects as he watched the spark glow furiously.
“There you are!” exclaimed Ethan’s mom in a huff as she bent down and grabbed his shoulders from behind. Ethan didn’t even respond, he just watched in fascination as the spark seemingly ate through the tube.
“Ethan, it’s the middle of the night! Do you want to explain to the rest of Alpha why a five year old child is running through the hallways waking everyone up?”
“No,” mumbled Ethan. 
His eyes were still transfixed on the glowing, pulsating spark. The spark finished eating through the paper-thin wall of the plastic tube and lit the ethane gas on fire. The small flame clawed at the tube and spread slowly. Ellis’s eyes tracked from Ethan’s hands to the spreading fire. A faint hissing sound filled the room.
“Oh, no,” she whispered.
A huge burst of heat exploded in front of them, pushing them back and forcing the mother and son to cover their faces. Ethan was thrown to the ground and started crying. The fire licked at his feet. Ellis quickly recovered and picked up Ethan. Through his teary eyes, Ethan struggled to watch as the fire consumed everything in the room. He covered his mouth in the crux of his elbow as he began coughing. The fire kept spreading, and burned through more of the thin-walled tubing, exposing the ethane gas inside.
Ellis was panicked. If the fire reaches the gas pipeline to the main Blocks, the whole place will blow!
Ellis ran through the halls, and turned down the quickest path to Block One. Light up ahead, we’re almost there. She turned the corner and was stopped dead in her tracks by a wave of heat. Fire lined the walls of the room and was creeping closer. It was too fast. Ellis turned around and ran the opposite direction, taking another route this time. Holding Ethan, she navigated through the oppressive caverns of the Concrete. The fire was right at her back. She opened the door to Block One and slammed it behind her. Hopefully that will slow it down some.
“Ethan, it’s time to be a big boy now okay? No more crying. Mommy needs your help,” Ellis said in the most soothing voice she could find under the circumstances.
“But I’m scared,” sniffled Ethan.
“Nothing to be afraid of, everything will be all right,” said Ellis, “we just have to get Daddy and the Elders, okay?”
“Okay,” said Ethan.
Ellis sprinted as fast as she could through the hallways, yelling to wake everyone up. No one opened their door in response. Damn it, I’m not loud enough. Her voice was hoarse from inhaling smoke.
She turned to the next door and banged on it loudly several times. She kept running and banging on every door she passed. Why aren’t the fire detection units activating?
“Wake up people, come on!” Ellis yelled. Now she was standing in front of her own family’s room. She slammed loudly on the door. Several moments passed until it opened.
“Ellis! You found Ethan,” Tom searched her face. Their older son Logan was standing beside Tom, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes as he started to grasp the situation. Ellis was panting and on the verge of hyperventilating. Something wasn’t right. 
“What’s wrong?” Tom asked. He poked his head out the door and saw people starting to make their way into the hallways, irritated at being woken.
Ellis tried to speak between breaths, “It’s the Concrete,” she started.
“I smell smoke!” said one man in the hallway.
“Fire!” yelled another man.
Alpha India quickly mobilized as the residents woke up those who were still asleep. People started milling around in the hallway, trying to make sure their families were accounted for. They ran to the nearest wall panels and opened them to reveal oxygen masks.
There were procedures for this. Once the fire detection units went off, Alpha India’s oxygen circulator would shut off, locking the doors and triggering the vacuum network. Every room and hallway had multiple vacuum panels in the ceiling. In the event of a fire, all of the air in Alpha India would be sucked through these panels to starve the fire of fuel. Alpha India was too deep underground to evacuate quickly, and there was just too much combustible material.
The residents ran to the nearest oxygen masks that lay behind wall panels. Each citizen of Alpha India stood nervously and sucked in the precious oxygen. Ellis and her family were among thousands waiting for the vacuum panels to suck out the air to stop the fire. Except the fire detection units weren’t activating.
What’s taking so long? Ellis was nervous. If the vacuum panels didn’t start soon, they would be in big trouble.
“Fuck! Why did the designer of this damned building lock us in with a fire?” screamed Ellis.
“Calm down Ellis,” said Tom, “it’s the quickest way to stop the fire. We all know it would take a miracle to evacuate the Blocks in time.”
“Dad,” said Logan, “the fire detectors aren’t working. I’m going to manually activate them.”
“Logan, no! That’s suicide. The fire detector mainframe is in Block Four. You’ll never get there in time. And even if you do, we could suffocate when they turn on!”
“They aren’t turning on by themselves, Dad! I don’t see any other volunteers!” Logan yelled. He turned and ran.
“Logan, don’t be a rock-head!” cried Ethan.
Logan turned to face his younger brother, “You watch mom and dad, okay? That’s your job,” Logan said in an attempt to give his terrified little brother a false sense of purpose in the crisis, “You’ve got to be stoic.” With those parting words, Logan turned and ran. Ethan tried to grab his arm. It was too late. Logan was gone.
“I’m stowik,” Ethan mumbled to himself, attempting to repeat his brother’s last words.
The sound of an explosion nearby caused the halls tremble, and Tom, Ellis, and Ethan struggled to maintain their footing. The fire had reached a pipeline leading to the Blocks. Ethan started crying again. People started running past them, yelling.
“Tom,” said Ellis.
“Damn it, what is going on with the detectors?” yelled Tom. He was fuming.
“Tom. Tom!”
“What?” Tom snapped back.
“Logan is right. The detectors aren’t turning on. Get Ethan to Hangar Two with the hoppers. It’s the safest place. Go! I’ll get Logan and meet you there, okay?” pressed Ellis.
“Right. Hangar Two, hopper fifty-one. Got it?” said Tom.
“Your lucky hopper. I got it. I’ll see you soon,” said Ellis. She started running after Logan.
“Hangar Two, hopper fifty-one!” Tom yelled after her.
“Time to go, Ethan!” Tom scooped up Ethan and threw him over his shoulder. He ran as fast as he could through the Block toward the hangar. Tom could feel the heat behind him as the fire spread. He kept running. Dozens of people ran alongside him, while others ran in the other direction. Panic had spread.
Another explosion rocked the ground beneath them. And then another. The domino effect of the explosions was devastating. Ethane pipelines running through the Blocks were breaking and then lighting. The fire had spread to every Block.
There it was. The entrance to Hanger Two. Hangar Two was the furthest and most isolated from all of the Blocks, making it one of the safest. Tom skidded to a halt as he opened the door. It wouldn’t budge.
Damn it.
Tom took several steps back, and then a running start. As he reached the door he raised his right leg and kicked the door. It didn’t break. He jogged back again, farther this time. Tom sprinted full speed at the door and aimed his right shoulder into it. Ethan watched as Tom collapsed through the door. He had done it. Ethan quickly scampered up to his dad.
“Dad!” he yelled, still crying.
Tom unsteadily got to one knee, “I’m fine. Let’s go!” he said.
Tom held Ethan’s hand as they hurried through the hangar until they found the spot for hopper fifty-one. Tom climbed up to the cockpit and put Ethan in. Tom activated the hopper’s life support systems and started descending the ladder.
“Dad, wait! Where are you going?” Ethan cried.
“I’m going to find your mother and Logan,” Ethan’s father responded.
Ethan was panicking, “Where’s Rockhead?” he cried.
“I’m going to find them! Wait here Ethan! Don’t move!” cried Tom as he ran off toward the Blocks.
Ethan rocked back and forth on his haunches mumbling, “I’m stowik, I’m stowik, I’m stowik…”

Tom navigated his way to the fire detection mainframe in Block Four. I’ve got to find Logan and Ellis. Tom ran past panicking people and struggled to keep his pace as the smell of burning ethane penetrated his consciousness. The Blocks were in complete disarray, with belongings, equipment, and wall panels strewn through the hallways. Tom ran through and jumped over the forgotten equipment until he reached it: the fire detection mainframe. Tom quickly ran through the door where he found Logan leaning against the console.
“Logan! What are you doing? Where’s your mom?” asked Tom hurriedly.
“The detection units won’t turn on, Dad. There’s no way to manually override the system,” replied Logan in a monotone.
“Impossible, let me give it a shot,” said Tom quickly.
Logan shook his head and pointed to the ceiling. Tom looked up to see the Titan sky looking back. 
“What? We’re two hundred meters below the surface!” yelled Tom with wonder.
“Four hundred,” corrected Logan.
Something had drilled a massive circular hole in the ceiling of the room, which allowed a steady draft of cold air to chill Logan and Tom despite the heat of the fire traveling through the Blocks. Tom’s eyes moved downward to the mainframe. His eyes were greeted by the tangled metal and circuitry. The mainframe was completely destroyed.
“What the hell is that?” asked Tom, pointing to the object protruding from the crumpled mass.
Logan shrugged, “Hell if I know. At first I thought it was spacefall, but it doesn’t look natural.”
It was an enormous piece of metal, scratched, dented, contorted, and compressed. Despite its battered state, it resembled a large metal cylinder.


2521

Stowik sat in the chief Elder’s seat in the empty Tribunal room. He looked out across the rows of seats arranged in front of him. He had taken Phoenix and left the Arksent. Imbria also left with him in the Phoenix, though she had yet to say a word to Stowik. After Stowik led the Arksent to the Opposition headquarters, resulting in the defeat of the entire Opposition, Stowik couldn’t blame her. He had enough trouble looking at her as it is: she’s Dalrin’s daughter. The man Stowik blamed for everything that had happened to him since he first left the safety of the Concrete. Stowik knew he couldn’t stay here though Not without fuel, and not with all the bodies. For the first time in years, Stowik ventured out of the Concrete and walked through the Blocks, forcing himself to take in what he had refused to believe for the past twenty years of his life. He finally opened his eyes and saw what was left of the dead colony. The bodies had long rotted away, leaving hundreds and thousands of still forms lying in the same position they had suffocated in during the Fire. Bushbaby’s eyes focused on the empty chair in front of him, where he remembered his own trial at the hands of the Elders in the Tribunal. A dream. Every last bit. And Dalrin used me like a pawn, giving me false hope. Bushbaby clenched his hands into a fist involuntarily. But I know the truth now, and I still have my hopper. His thoughts shifted to his new crewmate, Imbria. Dalrin’s daughter. Living with her in the hopper was going to be excruciating for both of them. While Stowik knew Imbria had sworn her father as an enemy, her presence was a constant reminder of the man Stowik hated. It didn’t help that Imbria appeared to stand his presence even less. Stowik’s shoulders slumped as he thought of all the Opposition murdered in the battle at Headquarters. And it was all his fault. Stowik shook his head; he needed to get out of the Blocks. They brought nothing but bad thoughts and worse memories.
Stowik wandered through the halls until he reached the exit, forcing himself to take the long way so he could suck in as much of the dilapidated colony as possible. He needed to see the colony, to really see it. The oxygen masks hung freely at the walls, just out of reach of the rotted corpses below them. The plastic lining of the icy walls laid in curled burnt heaps on the floor. Stowik pulled his facemask over his mouth and nose as he exited the Block and saw Imbria sitting on one of the struts of the hopper. He was surprised when she spoke.
“I’m going back to the Arskent,” Imbria stated coldly. It wasn’t my fault. It was Dalrin’s. Stowik frowned, a thought slowly forming in his mind.
“They’ll kill you, you know. You can’t take Dalrin on alone,” Stowik said.
“I don’t see any other volunteers,” said Imbria. Stowik cringed, a flash of a memory coming to the forefront of his mind. Logan said that the day of the Fire. After Dalrin’s confession, Stowik’s past had been coming back to him in bits in pieces.
“Let me come with you,” said Stowik.
“You? .You led hm right to us,” accused Imbria, her face contorting into a sad grimace. Tears were threatening to fall from her cheeks. “You only want to help me because you feel guilty. Well guess what? You are guilty, and I don’t want your help.” Stowik looked away. “You want redemption?” Imbria asked mockingly, “Find it in there!” Imbria yelled, pointing at Alpha India.
Stowik’s brow furrowed and he took a step closer.
“Redemption won’t erase my past, and it won’t bring Alpha India back. I don’t want redemption.” Stowik stormed up the hopper’s ramp, “I want revenge.”
Stowik made his way into the cockpit. He sat in the pilot’s chair and took deep breaths, trying to calm himself. He had nothing left. Alpha was gone, and Arksent was the enemy. The only other person he had contact with hated him. Did Dalrin think he was doing him a favor, telling him the truth and sending him off with Imbria? Dalrin took everything. Stowik heard the co-pilot seat next to him squeak and he was surprised to see Imbria sitting next to him. She wouldn’t look at him, but she was there. She knows she needs my help. He didn’t have his family, he didn’t have his memories, and he wasn’t sure he still had his sanity. But he was part of a team now, and while Imbria may not have wanted to join, she was there, and that counted for something.
Dalrin was going down.
I hope you enjoyed reading Anastomosis, part 1 in The Hysteresis Chain. I would very much appreciate it if you could leave your feedback—it really helps out us authors a bunch. Feel free to check out my other books listed on my Amazon Author page.
Comments? Questions? Insults? Feel free to contact me at dkweiss1@gmail.com.
Tessellation, part 2 in The Hysteresis Chain is currently available.
Huge thanks to my editor, Flanner Winchester at The Word Weeder. Thanks to Katelyn Ward and my Dad for helpful comments.
David Kutai Weiss received his bachelor of science in geology in 2012 from the College of Charleston, and is pursuing a Ph.D. in planetary geosciences at Brown University. When David isn’t writing about himself in the third person, he enjoys wilderness backpacking.
