

Rule of Thumb
By Scott Baughman
Copyright 2013















For Martha…and WDI









Chapter 1 Newsflash

The first time I saw Smith he was reading a newspaper. And I mean like a printed, physical one. As thousands of people streamed past him in the crowded Grand Central Hovertrain Station, he was sitting there perusing the headlines like a man who had somehow missed his train - from the 20th century - and just stayed there...waiting and watching while the world changed around him.
Yes, he was reading the New York Times, and yes it was the late edition - the only one they still printed on real paper. It was one dinosaur trying to make another dinosaur feel like he was up-to-date and well-informed. But all the "news" in that Times was at least 24 hours old. I kind of pitied him. 
He must have understood that somehow. He was old, real old; he had to be over 40. He actually had gray hair around his temples and some in his ridiculously out of style goatee. But when he peered up at me, over the edge of the Times, he seemed to have a smirk. 
"You can make fun of me all you want, young buck, but remember, you're the one who called for my help," he said.
"I-I do need your help," I stammered. I wasn't really sure how to explain this to him face-to-face any better than I had over the vidphone. "As I said before, Mr. Smith, I have - lost something."
I whispered that last part. I didn't want any of the hovertrain passengers, security guards or observatrons to overhear. People just didn't lose things in 2042. Almost any object on earth could be located within about one foot by the thermal GPS.
"It happens to everyone, son," Smith said, in a fatherly way I knew I was going to find increasingly annoying. "So you lost something, big deal. When I was a younger man, I made a lot of good money as a private detective who specialized in locating lost things or lost people."
That was, of course, why I wanted to hire him. There were only about five people left in the city that could realistically call themselves private detectives. They were all at least as old as Smith, I think. Actually, he must have been the youngest one left - because when I contacted the others I had to yell so loud into the phone that I decided to hang up before they ever understood what I was saying.
"As I explained on the vid, while I was on vacation last month I somehow-misplaced-my binoculars," I said, again with hushed tones. 
Smith crinkled his forehead. Oh no, I thought, he couldn't hear me. 
"Son, it's too loud in here, care to take a walk? There's a nice little diner I know nearby."
I shrugged, pulled out my vidphone and waited for him to tell me the address.
"You won't need the dang thermal GPS to find this place, just follow me down the street. You know, there were whole societies that lived without those smartphones," Smith growled. He made his way toward the exit. He might be old, but the man knew how to make an exit. People actually parted in front of him. I found myself hustling to keep up as they let us out the front door.
"Grand central," Smith said as he looked back over his shoulder. "It doesn't matter what kind of train they got, that place is always busy."
"Is this the part where you tell me how busy it was back in the 20th century? You know, it's much better now, the trains don't need the tracks," I said, and pointed at one of the hovertrains as it energized magnetic coils and lifted off the ground. Judging from its direction of departure it was headed north, probably taking people home from a day in the city. 
"It doesn't matter if they fly, roll or float, the trains will never run on time when they're handled by the same old bureaucrats," Smith said.
After a few more minutes of walking Smith ducked into a door I had never noticed before. I followed him in and there was an odd dinging sound as the door closed behind us. 
My nose was assaulted with smells. There was coffee - the cheap stuff - a hint of sugary sweetness and something else I'm sure was burning bread.
"What?" I choked out. "What is this place?"
"Ruby's," Smith said. "It has been making the finest in greasy spoon fare in this same spot for longer than anyone can remember."
Smith removed his cliché of a trench coat, hung it on a coatrack and sat down in a booth. It was something out of Nighthawks, with red pleather that was probably more duct tape than bench. I slid into the booth, facing him across the table. The place was so old; it had a holographic menu station that had been added to the table after the fact. I pushed the button to turn it on and nothing happened. 
"Uhh, Mr. Smith, what do they--" I tried to ask but just then a waitress came over to take our order. 
"I'll have the usual, doll," Smith said. At that moment I noticed she was a real live person and not a servbot. I unconsciously rolled my eyes and she noticed.
She leaned down the table, her red hair spilling down around her shoulders and framing her chest, clearly emphasized by her uniform with the top unbuttoned down to the third slot. I tried not to, but I did stare. Whatever quip I was going to spout - something about robots being able to remember my order and serve me more quickly - sort of died on my lips as I took in her beauty. She had the reddest lips that somehow didn't clash with her hair, and the bluest eyes. Which, in retrospect, I should've just stared at those instead of her...ample other attributes.
"They're real, sweetie, and so am I," she said. "So, are you going to order something or just continue to suck up oxygen in my restaurant?"
"He'll have what I'm having," Smith said, before I could object. 
The waitress straightened, and I could finally bring myself to notice her name tag read "Ruby" as she recited the order to Smith.
"Bacon cheeseburger, fries and cherry shake...times two," she said, then winked at him, glared at me, spun on her heel and headed toward the kitchen.
"What?" I protested. "I can't eat all that greasy, unhealthy nonsense!"
"Relax, kid, I have enough of those anti-junk food pills for the both of us," Smith said.
This time, I consciously rolled my eyes.
"You'll be fine, now talk to me about these binoculars," Smith said. "Why can't you just find them with TGPS?"
"I was on vacation in Guatemala," I said, going over the speech I had rehearsed a hundred times in my mind. "On our fifth day in the rainforest, my girlfriend April and I went by canoe through the Tikal National Park to the site of some ruins that had just recently been discovered. I can't tell you how amazed she was that I got us a trip to the park itself. It took me years, and about $20,000, to get us the tickets and the permission to set foot in the rainforest in that area, much less actually visit the ruins."
Smith folded his copy of the times on the seat beside him. Was he even paying attention to my story? I soldiered on; after all, I was just getting to the good part.
"After a few hours of paddling, our guide dropped April and me off at the entrance of the ruins," I said, nearly breathless. "I pushed back the tree limbs and there it was! A pyramid, so tall it looked like it stretched all the way to the top of the tree canopy. I pulled my binoculars to my eyes and surveyed the top of the pyramid. April gasped, as we both saw something flashing up there. Something was catching the light of the sun. We took off, running up the steps and at the top we found - an engagement ring."
I paused for dramatic effect. Smith slowly looked up from his paper, which he had apparently been reading while it was hidden under the table in his lap.
"Hmmm? Oh, right, a ring. Go on..." he said.
"Anyway, I had the guide come out a few days before and hide it up there. I popped the question, April said yes and we ran back down the steps and I had the guide whisk us back to the seafloor hotel to spend the last few days of our vacation celebrating our engagement. But when I got home and unpacked..."
"No binoculars?" Smith finished the sentence for me.
"Right. I have no idea what happened to them."
Ruby returned with our food, and I couldn't decide what looked more nauseating - the steaming pile of obviously grease-laden French fries or the patty on the bun that was probably made with actual beef. Smith chuckled at my look of disgust, and Ruby slid into the seat beside me. She leaned into my shoulder and although I tried not to, I stared down - again. 
"You know, darlin', the key to a great product is making sure you have all the right parts," she said with a wink, after she caught me staring again. She headed back to the kitchen, but this time she went the long way around the lunch counter as Smith and I watched her walk.
He recovered sooner than I did.
"Close your mouth, you'll catch flies," he said.
I snapped out of it and decided to actually try a bite of the burger.
It was like someone hit me with a euphoria ray. 
"It's good, isn't it? Ruby knows a lot about quality ingredients," Smith said with a grin.
In my mind I could see April's indignant reaction to such an overtly sexist remark. Truly, this man was from another time.
"Wow, you are some kind of Neanderthal aren't you?" I said with a laugh. 
"Now," Smith swallowed his first bite of burger and washed it down with a huge gulp from the shake. "I assume you can't find the binoculars with TGPS because they're all the way down in Guatemala, right?"
I looked at him like he had just told me the earth was flat. 
"What? NO! Blarg, man, do you even know how the TGPS works?"
After a second, it hit me, he might not know.
He leveled an icy gaze at me, slurped up another sip of shake and said, "Humor me."
"Okay," I said, slowly. "The Thermal Global Positioning System - as every vidschool student knows - uses the Global Positioning System combined with constant, real-time thermal scans of the globe to locate things by scanning for certain temperatures and correlating the information with unique radio chips embedded in everything."
"And in everyone," Smith said, and then scratched his right thumb. That's when I noticed he had an implant scar there.
"Wait, how old are you?" I asked. It had been a long time since the government had ordered chip implants. Almost everyone had them inserted when they were born these days. Smith must've been one of the last generations to be born before the process became ordinary.
"I'm old enough that when I was born nobody put anything inside my body," Smith said. "They just snipped a little tip off of it."
I raised an eyebrow, and chalked it up to 20th century humor. 
"So, just use the TGPS to find your binoculars in the rainforest," Smith said. 
"The problem is, they were a family heirloom, passed down to me by my grandfather and so they don't have a microchip," I said. "They don't show up on the TGPS. I wanted to have one added, and really have them upgraded to have a holographic system and all this sweet tech to..." I trailed off as I saw Smith's eyes glaze over. "My mom wouldn't let me have them upgraded. She said my grandfather specifically told her to let me use them, but never change them. Weirdly, mom says that was one of the last things he said to her before he died. He's been gone for...like 50 years now."
Smith scratched his chin thoughtfully. 
"Ok, kid, I'll take the case," he said. With that he whipped out an honest to God three ring binder and filled out a contract. 
"Here we are," he said.
I read it out loud. 
"I, Adrien Faulk, agree to hire Mr. J. Smith, a private detective licensed in the state of New York, to find a missing item worth no more than $500. Mr. Smith's services will be retained for 14 days or until the item is located, whichever comes first at a rate of $200 per day...."
I thought for a second. 
"Hang on, Mr. J. Smith? Really? Really?"
"Look, Adrien, I try not to get noticed much. It's an old habit that has kept me alive in my chosen profession more often than not. So, I go by Smith," he said.
"Ugh, I get that, but when I came into Grand Central you stuck out like a sore thumb, reading your old school newspaper, wearing that outfit...and now this diner? That's not exactly blending in, is it?"
Smith laid the contract in front of me.
"I didn't say I wanted to blend in, I just want people to ignore me. If you hadn't been looking specifically for me, would you have written me off as an out of touch old-timer?"
I nodded reluctantly.
"You're darn right you would have. Because if there's one surefire way to get people to ignore you, it's to make them think you're worthless."
After a few seconds of letting his remark hang in the air between us, I signed the contract. 
"Okay, let's go find my binoculars," I said, jumping to my feet.
"Hold your horses, kid," Smith said with a mouthful of burger. "Ruby hates it when you rush."











Chapter 2: Getting a Clue
Smith paid Ruby - with real coins, no less - and we headed out of the diner. 
"My car is back toward the station," I said. "Should we head to your office or do you want to go right to the airport?"
It was Smith's turn to look at me like I'd suggested something ludicrous. 
"Why would we go to the airport?" he asked.
"Well, aren't we going to Guatemala?" I said, pulling out my phone again. "I've been researching ticket prices and we can get a good deal if we catch a flight before 5 p.m. - or we can wait until after 12 a.m. Either way it should only be about $2,000 per ticket, which is not bad considering we're leaving the same day."
Smith charged off in the direction of the station's parking deck without so much as an acknowledgement of my discussion of ticket prices. I almost lost him in the crowd. 
"Hey!" I called after him, but he continued walking. A few jostled shoulders - and dirty looks - later, I had fought through the crowd enough to be walking side-by-side with him.
"We're not going to Guatemala," Smith growled at me, with a mixture of annoyance and pity - kind of like a father does to a child who doesn't understand what's going on. I hated it.
"The odds are very much against a scenario that involves us going to Guatemala to find those binoculars," Smith said, a wry smile spreading across his lips. "This will likely be the easiest money I make on a case ever. If I know you, rich boy, you've just misplaced the things in your ridiculously expensive luggage or tossed them absentmindedly at your little girlfriend's house."
"My fiancé'," I corrected him. He didn't seem to notice. "But, no, I searched all my luggage, the house, the guest house and the pool house. And April and I searched all over her room and her parent's place."
We reached a corner and Smith took a right, away from the station. 
"My car is back that way," I said.
Smith kept walking. "I'm almost positive I can do a better job searching anything than you, son."
We took another turn and I realized I had no idea where we were.
"I don't think I've ever been in this part of the city before," I said, looking around in a daze. The buildings here were still mostly made of brick; a few didn't even have solar panels installed. Some of them might have been pre-water wars structures. The sun had started to go down and the buildings cast long shadows across the street. Smith stood at the edge of one of those shadows, his face half in and half out of the light - looking literally like the man of two worlds I was beginning to realize he was. 
"Wow," I said, glancing at his face. "That's appropriate."
"Don't get all literary on me, kid," Smith said. "A few more steps and we're there."
I wanted to ask where, but Smith turned and all but disappeared into the shadow. He produced a metal key from his coat pocket and unlocked a garage door that was so filled with graffiti I thought it was part of a brick wall. Smith jabbed a button with his implant thumb - I noted it was his right-hand thumb - and the garage door rose.
Or, well, it kind of rose. It creaked up slowly at first and then whatever motor was winding it upward seemed to give out with a wheeze. Smith stooped and stepped under the half-raised door. I heard a loud clanging sound as he kicked something and the door grumbled the rest of the way up.
With a snap-hiss sound, Smith turned on the light in his garage. Before me, I saw what must have been a ghost.
It was a car.
It was a car with an internal combustion engine, I could tell by the exhaust pipes and the smell - that smell of ancient gasoline.
The thing had thick, rubber tires, a solid glass windshield and headlights with what had to be halogen bulbs in it. You could tell Smith loved the machine, maybe more than he did anything else. It was polished so well I could see my reflection in the red-painted hood, the shiny covers on the wheels and even the little horse that was on the front vent-plate. 
"Is that a -?"
"Mustang," Smith finished. "Just like me, it is from the 20th century. It runs on gasoline."
"And serious amounts of grease," I said, as I inadvertently stepped in an oily puddle. "Just like you," I quipped.
Smith chuckled. 
"Not bad, son, you might have half a brain in that pretty little head of yours after all," Smith said. "There's one big difference between me and this 1965 automobile, though."
"What's that?" I asked.
"The car is way more reliable," Smith said with a grin as he slid into the driver's seat.
I opened the passenger door and sat down. The door was incredibly heavy. I reminded myself it was made of actual metal and not the polyglass of today's vehicles. Smith pulled out his key ring again - where on earth did he still get keys made? - and put one in the ignition.
The car roared to monstrous life. The engine rumbled with fearsome power. It was like we had awakened a T-rex, summoning the reptile from time immemorial and Smith was somehow going to force it to do his bidding.
I didn't think it was still legal to even own one of these fossils, much less drive one. Smith sensed my apprehension and looked over at me.
"Don't worry, I can still drive it, my license is current and this baby can do laps around any of your modern smart cars," he said.
"What about the emissions regulations?" I asked, staring at the column of smoke billowing out of the exhaust pipes.
"I'm exempt," Smith said, and then laughed. "I've been grandfathered in."
He turned out onto the road and the garage door automatically closed behind him. Traffic made way for this machine tooling down the boulevard. The ride was surprisingly smooth. But, man, was it loud! It was one of the loudest things I'd ever heard on the streets of New York City. 
Smith was a man in his element behind the wheel of this car. He leaned one elbow on the door beside him and steered with only one hand on the wheel - right in the middle of the bottom rung of the steering wheel. It was less his hand and more a linkage to another appendage, as if the car itself were just an extension of his body. Or, maybe it was the other way around. The interior was immaculately cleaned, except for the floorboard. There were innumerable stains on them, probably the result of eating some more of that disgusting food. 
"Ok, tell me how to get to your house," he said after a few minutes.
I blinked.
"Directions to your house, kid, that's the first place we're going to check," Smith restated.
"Uhhh, well," I stammered. 
"Don't tell me, you have no idea how to verbally tell someone how to get to that palatial estate you share with your mommy and daddy, do ya?" Smith nearly spat the words at me.
It wasn't my fault. Most modern cars came with built-in TGPS and navigation system. They essentially drove themselves. Who needs to keep up with something as mundane as directions? Suddenly, I remembered my smartphone had a navigation app and pulled it out of my pocket.
"Here we go," I said, and scanned my thumb so it would unlock the phone's homescreen. Smith glanced down at my hands while I was doing this and sneered.
"Is that a tattoo? I thought those things were so 2015 for a man about town such as yourself," he said. 
"Where have you been, old-timer, it's a personal QR code," I shot back.
Smith rolled his eyes this time. 
"It's bad enough they make us have this damn chips in our hands, now you're telling me you believe that 'save the earth' with a tattoo nonsense?"
"Look, Smith, I know you want some good old-fashioned hard currency or whatever, but I believe in protecting the environment so I got the ID tag tattoo last year."
Smith looked out the window as we waited at a traffic signal. He was the only one on the road manually driving and the other drivers looked up from their vidscreens and phones to frown. I could tell they were thinking he would slow them down with his pitiful human reaction time when the signal changed, but Smith didn't seem to care or even notice.
"I know you've seen those commercials," I said. 
He looked back at me.
"Movie stars and pop musicians can't convince me that printing paper money or using an honest coin is going to ruin the environment," Smith said, his voice dripping with derision. "If you ask me it is just another excuse to control the populace. When I was a young man -"
I shot him a look.
"Ahem, when I was a YOUNGER man," Smith continued. "They told us all to get these chips implanted in our thumbs and it would make life easier, lower healthcare costs by making our medical records easier to access and always present and that it would even change the way we paid for things. Well guess what, it didn't."
I looked down at my phone's screen and saw it had loaded the route to my house from our current location. 
"The fact is," Smith continued with his diatribe. "The implants were a bust. There were all these unforeseen problems with interference from smartphones and radios and so on."
"The TGPS part works just fine," I said. "It's ancient technology, now we can do everything optically as the code tattoo stores the important information. You really ought to get one"
"Not on your life," Smith said. "If I could take this hunk of metal out of my hand, I would."
He reached over and scratched his thumb, as if the chip itself were somehow itching or irritating him.
“I swear, sometimes I think this one has never worked right,” he said. “At times, it seems to blink randomly or just get hot in my hand for no reason.”
He looked down at the phone's screen and seemed to memorize the route through osmosis. The light changed and we roared off, leaving the smart cars in a cloud of dust and smoke, their passengers recoiling in horror at the pile of pollutants we were leaving behind. 
"Roll the window down," Smith said, pointing to my door. "You'll love it. Live a little."
To humor him, I did.
And it was amazing. I have to admit I had never quite felt the sense of freedom that I did when that wind blew in through the car. Smith was in charge of where we were going. I watched him work the pedals and shift gears - the car even had him do that manually - and he seemed in control of more than just our navigation. He was making his own destiny with this machine. It was crude, it was old and yet, it was magnificent. It was an experience, certainly more than just riding in a car. 
We pulled up to the security gate at my parent's estate. I try to play down my dad's success most of the time. I only go out to eat three nights a week and I only own two smart cars. My mom worries that people will think I'm too much new money if I flaunt it all the time. She says people will try to take advantage of me and I'm too young to make wise decisions. Truth be told, dad does pretty well as an aerospace engineer for one of the new outer space exploration start-ups. Whenever April and I watch the news, and they show some new government program focusing on space exploration or space commerce we usually see my dad's company mentioned. He is frequently shown as the face of the company, touting the importance of exploring and harnessing the opportunities in the final frontier. 
"The future is bright indeed for Inferno Industries," or at least so says Marcus Faulk, my dear old dad and aerospace engineer of tomorrow.
It can be a bit much, and mom even says April might be trying to marry me for my money. But her parents aren't exactly poor so I don't think so. But nobody can tell Jennifer Faulk when she's wrong. So, April has opted to prove her wrong by being a wonderful girlfriend for the past two years and now a wonderful fiancé' for me.
Smith looked over at me expectantly as we reached the keypad for the security gate. I didn't bother to explain how I wouldn't have to lean over. The pad wasn't actually connected to anything, the security system would respond to my thumb implant or I could use the new tattoo scanner we had just installed. The keypad was a decoy to distract thieves or anyone else trying to break into estate. 
I waved my thumb at the sensor box expectantly. 
Nothing happened.
"Must be interference," I said. "Probably this giant hunk of metal we're riding in, Smith."
He grunted. 
I tried again. 
Still nothing. That's when I noticed the gate wasn't exactly lined up correct.
"Hey, does that gate look open to you?" I asked.
Smith killed the engine and got out of the car. In a flash, he went from old-timer to coiled viper, waiting to strike. His hand slid nonchalantly into his trench coat and he produced a handgun. 
"Yes, it is a .44 magnum," he said, before I could even ask the question. "And yes, it still fires real bullets made of real lead which I have to craft and load myself. Now, keep quiet and stay in the car."
Oh, like that was going to happen.
I gave him a few minutes and then slipped out of the car and squeezed through the gate behind him.
Gaining clandestine entry into the Faulk estate was no easy task. In addition to the security gate, my father had lined the driveway with security sensors and some electrical devices that could stun the average intruder. Closer to the house were more stunners that could take down a small elephant if need be so I couldn't imagine anyone being able to get past them. What can I say, space industries are very cut throat these days and my dad is always warning us about industrial espionage.
Telling Smith about the security precautions seemed like a prudent thing to do, but as I got close to him, he held up a hand signaling me to keep quiet. 
"Fine, I'll drag you back to the car when you get stunned," I said in a mildly annoyed whisper. 
Smith didn't react, and then I noticed why he didn't need to. Someone had deployed a scrambling device right in the center of our driveway. I started to get worried. Whoever had broken into the estate was determined, well equipped and well trained.
We walked up to the front door and found it, too, had been hacked open.
"Why is there all this ketchup around the door frame and on the steps?" I asked Smith.
He didn't answer. He was already standing in the doorway. 
"Adrien, it isn't ketchup," he said, gravely. "I need you to go wait in the car until I find out what is going on."
"No way, this is my house -" I pushed past him and nearly passed out at the scene laid before me.
It was bloody. 
It covered the floor and the walls were streaked like a butcher had cut up live animals in here. 
There was so much blood; it didn't seem like that much blood could have all come from one person, but the trail led to only one body. It was a woman, lying on her stomach with her arms under her chest. She had been sliced up by some kind of bladed weapon - the home's defense field would've rendered most electrical weapons useless - and the assailants had left her to bleed out, apparently.
"Adrien, don't," Smith said. "We need to get out of here. Whoever did this obviously was looking for you and your family."
I didn't hear him. As I got closer to the body I realized the horrible truth - it was my mom.
Jennifer Faulk was dead.
"Mom?!?!" I yelled, totally wrecking any semblance of stealth that Smith had managed to get in his sneaking up to the house. He crouched in the doorway and surveyed the room looking for any sort of hostile figure as I knelt over my mother's body. I turned her face up and frantically felt for a pulse. It was useless, I knew that in my heart, but I couldn't help myself holding on to one last hope that she was somehow still alive.
There was no pulse.
My mom was well and truly dead.
No, that wasn't a strong enough word. My mother had been murdered in her own home. Whoever had done this would pay - I would make sure of it. 
"This can't be real, Smith," I said, forcing the words out of my mouth with so much effort I thought I was pushing plaster through a straw. "My mom can't be dead."
My voice was starting to break. The only thing keeping me from collapsing into a sobbing mess was the sense that danger was still around. We had no idea who had done this but they were good enough to pull off a murder in a society that had largely left that crime behind and in a home of one of the richest men in New York. It was a powerful adversary indeed, and Smith sensed this, too.
"We have to get out of here," he said, slowly. "I wanted to case your room, but this place isn't safe. We'll go back to my office and call the authorities and have them meet us over here. Whoever attacked your mother will likely split if they see the cops...if they haven't bailed already."
Before I could respond, I noticed there was a hissing sound coming from somewhere above Smith. A black silhouette seemed to leap out of nowhere and drop-kick him to the ground. He rolled over, dropping his gun and laid motionless just the left of the door. 
I sprang forward, meaning to tackle the figure and make whoever it was pay for my mother's death. Fighting has never really been my strong suit. But I was overcome with emotion, so I leaped like a raging tiger toward the mystery man - and I missed him by a mile. I crashed into the wall on the other side of the door, away from Smith's crumpled form. 
The shadow man twirled and caught my head up in a chokehold of some kind. He whispered in my ear with a voice made of pure evil.
"Your mother was so much fun to kill, raton" he said. I struggled in vain against arms with muscles like steel cables. "I hope your father is just as much fun."
"Monster!" I choked out. "Why? WHY?!?!"
"Oh, you want answers?" He laughed like a villain in a video game. "I'm the one who is going to ask for information, be silent." He tightened his grip on my throat. "Or, be silenced!"
We stood there for a few minutes as he tightened his hold on me - it became less a standing choke and more a like he had me in a full body vice, somehow using just his massive arms. 
As the oxygen making its way to my brain began to dwindle, he finally asked a question.
"Your grandfather was a - friend - of mine," he said. I struggled to breathe, much less comprehend what he was saying. "He left you an heirloom I want very badly. Your sweet mother, sadly, didn't know where it was. But her last act was to tell me you did."
What was he babbling about? Black dots danced around the edges of my field of vision. Surely he wasn't going to ask me for - 
"Your grandfather's binoculars," he growled in my ear - both sinister and intimate at the same time. "Where are they?"
I sucked in air as he relaxed his grip the tiniest bit. 
"I don't know..." I wheezed out, and waited to embrace eternity as he snapped my neck.
But instead of screams of hell or a choir of angels the next sound I heard was a deafening "BOOM!" as Smith's .44 blew a hole in the wall behind my assailant.
"Let the kid go," Smith said, standing hatless before us in his rumpled coat. "I missed on purpose."
"You were unexpected," the shadow man said. "But you will not derail my quest."
Smith cocked his hand cannon. "I won't ask a second time," he said.
The black-clad figure unwound from me, keeping his hands in the air. My vision cleared and I scrambled to my feet to stand beside Smith. I saw the monster in question was wearing an almost impossibly form fitting latex suit, complete with a horrible mask.
It was a grotesque mockery of tribal tattoos and face paint, applied to what amounted to a latex hood. Blinking lights of some kind on the ears and mouth led me to believe it had electronics in it, probably part of the kit that allowed this man to get into my house and - I stopped short of reminding myself of the horrible things he had done.
His physique was...weird. There's no other way to describe it, he was somehow more torso than he was abdomen or legs even. And his arms and neck were almost 100 percent muscle, like an ox had somehow fused with a man. That certainly explained why he was so easily able to put that incredible amount of pressure on my neck with such tiny movements.
"Why-" I still struggled to breathe. "Why do you want my grandfather's binoculars?"
Sirens wailed in the distance. The home's security system must have finally gotten a signal to the cops.
"Adrien," the assassin said. "Bring me those binoculars or your father is next!" 
"Oh no you don't!" Smith yelled as the shadow man planted his feet to jump toward the ceiling again.
Despite Smith's impressive shower of bullets - I counted three shots from the .44 before I lost my hearing and couldn't keep up with the rate of fire any more - the monster was able to bound back up into the ventilation system and escape somehow. We ran out onto the lawn just as the cops rolled up. We stared uselessly at the roof.
There was no sign of him.
Black clouds rolled in from the horizon and thunder clapped over the house. 
"A storm's coming," I said absentmindedly as the cops deployed, guns drawn.
Smith looked down and dusted off his fedora. 
"Looks like it's going to be a bad one," he said.











Chapter 3: Down the rabbit hole
The cops took statements from me and Smith. It took hours for them to finally be convinced that Smith was who he said he was and that I had no more knowledge to share about the mystery man. Of course, no security surveillance video had survived whatever electromagnetic trick our murderer had used to overcome the home's system, so we had nothing but mine and Smith's word to confirm our story. 
Only after the police were satisfied did they inform me of the unthinkable. My dad was missing as well.
There had been no ransom note or anything like that, which the detective in charge said was rare for cases where people as rich as my dad disappeared under obvious signs of duress. Whoever had taken dad had kidnapped him from his office of all places.
"The place was trashed when the cleaning lady came in last night," the detective said. I waved my smartphone in front of him and his name, badge number and basic record came up. 
Lt. Brad Yelton had been a detective with the NYPD for 12 whole months.
"We went over your dad's office with a microscanner and found nothing useful," Lt. Yelton continued.
"If the guy that did this to my mother," I gestured over my shoulder as the cleanup crew continued going over the crime scene. "Threatened my father as his parting words to us, don't you think that makes it doubly - no triply - important for you to find my dad? And doesn't this lend just a little more credence to our story?"
Yelton's brow furrowed.
"It's possible," he said. "Look, son, I'm sorry for your loss. We'll continue investigating and let you know as soon as we have something - or if we need to talk to you or Mr. Smith again."
I started to protest the idiocy of still considering either myself or Smith a suspect, but Smith took me by the arm and led me back to his Mustang. I slid into the passenger seat like a zombie.
We drove back across town to his office with Smith chewing on a toothpick - the kind still made of wood, of course - and me staring out the window in a daze. 
Back at Smith's office, I slumped into a couch while he sat in a swivel chair behind a Brobdingnagian desk. It was an ancient looking desk, suitably ornate with metal rivets holding straps of leather in place around its sides. He rocked back and forth in the chair gently, its old iron springs creaking as he leaned back and forth. His fedora lay on the desk in front of him, the trench tossed on the couch beside me draping across a stack of New York Times that might go all the way back to the turn of the century if I dug deep enough.
The rest of Smith's office was just as haphazard. There were barely any signs of technology; it was like stepping back in time. A lone computer hummed on the desk - one of those old ones with the fruit logo on the back. It was processor and screen all in one sleek package back in the day, but now it just looked like a museum piece. 
"It is a museum piece," Smith said as he noticed me eyeing the computer. "Go on, I know you're dying to tell me this whole office belongs in a Smithsonian exhibit."
"I don't really have sarcasm in me at the moment," I croaked out. "It's taking all my efforts to make sure consciousness doesn't elude me."
Smith looked down at his computer screen. 
"Adrien, for what's worth, I'm sorry," he said, his voice quiet. "I had no idea this was going to get so heavy when I signed up to take your case."
"You're not sorry you took the job, are you?" I asked, bracing myself for his sudden resignation. "Because I need to find those binoc-"
"Don't worry," he cut me off. "We'll find them, and save your dad if it's the last thing I do."
Our eyes met and I saw his gruff, annoyed expression had been replaced with one of pure steel. He was determined, more than any man I'd ever seen.
"Thank you," I said. "It's so weird; I just don't see why that man would want the binoculars that badly. They weren't even that great of a set of binoculars. I mean, they're so low tech, so old school."
Smith pulled up to the desk and slid the computer keyboard in front of him. It was, to his credit, at least a wireless model. 
"Tell me about your grandfather," he said without looking up.
"There's not much for me to tell. These binoculars came from my mom's father. He was Jason Bonadventure," I said. "My mom has told me some stories about him; he died before I was born. He was a shipping magnate - whatever that means."
Smith was typing furiously, taking notes and recording observations. He pounded on the keys with hammer-like force. I was surprised the keyboard, old and brittle as it looked, didn't crumble to dust under his ham-fisted technique. 
"Should you be abusing that artifact that way?" I asked, a little humor slipping back into my voice. "What will the Smithsonian say?"
"She can take it," Smith said. "I've typed more notes on this old keyboard than most detectives bother to take in a lifetime. Ah, here we are." Smith pointed to the screen and I walked around the side of his desk to read.
"Jason Bonadventure, shipping magnate, industrialist and near the end of his life quite reclusive," Smith read aloud from an online encyclopedia. "This is odd..."
His eyes scanned the screen.
"What?" I said, exasperated. It was more with myself than with Smith. Why had I not thought of the idea of researching my grandfather on the web when I was trying to find more about him for a school project years ago?
"It says here your grandfather died a very rich man," Smith went on.
"That's not that odd," I said. "My family has had plenty of money for as long as I can remember and my mother was pretty well off when she married my dad. Honestly, he's the one who came from more humble beginnings."
Smith shook his head slowly.
"No, no, that's not the odd part," he said. "It's the fact that Mr. Bonadventure's early life is so blank. Look at this section, hardly anything about him is mentioned before he was about 60 or 65 years old."
"It's an online encyclopedia, Smith," I said ruefully. "There aren't all that thorough in their research some times."
A few strokes on the keyboard later and Smith reached for a mouse. 
"A computer mouse?" I laughed out loud. "Really? Does it work?"
"Not everything needs to be done with a touchscreen," Smith barked back. "Now, look."
A new website I'd never seen filled Smith's screen - with old green characters on a black background. It was like watching a telegram come rattling across a smartphone.
"This is the best site for researching people," Smith said as my mouth hung open at the sheer anachronism of it all. The bright green banner at the top read, "Peoplefinder.net Since 1997" and I nearly fainted again.
"That can't really be from 1997," I said. "There's just no way."
"Believe it, now look, here's your file," he said.
Incredibly detailed descriptions of my birth, my failing algebra in grammar vidschool and even my first date with April scrolled across Smith's screen. 
"What? How?" I asked. 
"Those chips in our hands, they record more information than most people realize," Smith said. "And some of the world's more...unscrupulous...folks have decided to intercept and decode the information being transmitted to your benevolent overlords."
"Smith, this is unbelievable," I said. "We have to tell someone, alert the authorities to these hackers and their schemes of stealing people's identities and...and..."
He cut me off again and pushed me into another desk chair he kept beside his main desk.
"Adrien, they already know," Smith said. "They want the information to be flowing freely to their data stores about all of us. They don't care that these guys intercept it as long as the flow of information isn't interrupted. Remember, without the appropriate chip signal - or in your case the right thumbprint tattoo - the hackers can't really steal anyone's identity."
I calmed down a bit. 
"Anyway, that isn't the point, look at your grandfather's listing," Smith pulled up Jason Bonadventure on the site. There was a decent amount of info about how he had made his fortune by seemingly having a sixth sense as to when which companies were going to hit it big with a patent on some amazing new technology. But all of this was from when my grandfather was a bona fide senior citizen. There wasn't even any record of where he went to high school or his college degrees or - well, anything really from before he was about 60 years old.
"Did someone wipe my grandfather's information off the web?" I asked out loud.
"No, no, even then there's some trace of the modification," Smith said. "And the guys and gals who contribute to this site would have the skill to notice that kind of cover-up or erasing of information."
We both stared dumbfounded. This was starting to get way more complicated than my lost binoculars. 
"Okay," Smith said, rising to his feet and crossing the room to stand in front of the desk. "Let's look at what we've got so far. We know your grandfather was rich and he felt these binoculars were valuable enough that alone amongst all the great things he most likely amassed in his fortune they were the only things he thought to leave to a specific person after his death."
Smith looked back at me expectantly.
I shrugged. 
"Yeah, I guess?" I said quizzically. 
"Type notes, genius," he said and then turned and started pacing.
Type notes? I was his client not a secretary. Besides, how was I supposed to type on this ancient thing? I tentatively tapped a key. A letter blinked into life on the screen. I started using my other finger. Smith plowed on, leading us on a fact-finding expedition into the deepest, darkest regions of his theories while I pecked out my own personal shorthand.
"But yet, we have no information about his motivations in leaving them to you," Smith continued. "Was it a symbol of how he made his fortune? His way of telling you to always look to the horizon? Always look to the future, like he seemed to be able to do, at least near the end of his life? Or was it about keeping a clear vision for where you want your company or your life in general to go? And why are we unable to find out how he got his own motivations and start?"
He looked back at me for a read out.
"I'm still on clear vision," I said, hunting furiously for the right letters. How did he ever get work done on this antiquated thing?
Smith slumped into the couch. 
"Don't sweat it, that kind of thinking out loud stuff is rarely important when I go back over my case notes anyway," Smith said. "Still, it is damn peculiar that there's no record of your grandfather from before that certain age."
I leaned back in the chair and felt the wood shift a little. Sitting in these old wooden chairs, noodling out a solution to a case, it was like I was really in one of those old detective stories. Smith walked around to the business side of the desk again and pulled open a drawer I hadn't noticed before. The desk was so ornate that I could hardly tell what was decoration and what was a functioning storage compartment. Perhaps he wanted it that way.
He reached in and pulled out a small wooden pipe and tiny plastic bag of dried leaves.
"My God," I exclaimed. "Is that really tobacco?"
"Calm yourself, young one," Smith said. "I grow it myself and so it is allowed under home farm rules...even in this police state."
"Smith, it causes cancer, it's dangerous it..."
He waved a hand and produced another thing I hadn't seen in real life before - a book of matches.
"Shut it," he said, his teeth clenched around the pipe stem.
He sat back down on the couch and reached into the bag of tobacco. Taking a small pinch between his fingers he started stuffing it into the bowl of the pipe. I watched intently, like I was witnessing someone forge a sword on a blacksmith's anvil - it was certainly historical in nature.
The first group of leaves Smith added to his bowl was fairly small - almost a pinch of tobacco between his thumb and forefinger. The next pinch was larger and he forced it down into the bowl with a little more of a push. The third, and final pinch, was larger still and he pushed it hard into the bowl - not quite packing it.
He lit a match, inhaled, and his suction pulled the flame of the match head down into the bowl. Smoke wafted upward after a few seconds and Smith leaned back on the couch - ruminating.
"Smith," I said after a few minutes of watching the wispy smoke curl around his head. "How did you say the hackers got people's information again?" An idea was forming in my head, watching Smith's smoke twirl and twist back around itself.
"They intercept the data stream coming from these damnable implants in all our hands," he said, exhaling circles in the air. "Why?"
"Why didn't our assailant use that same technique - or even that same website - to find my grandfather's binoculars, then?" I asked. "Surely he was tech savvy enough to defeat my dad's security system and then obliterate the surveillance video. That requires serious skills."
Smith stroked his goatee thoughtfully. 
"Seems like a much simpler way to get the information," he said. "Plus, he could've just gotten it from the transmissions earlier in your grandfather's life. Unless..."
His voice trailed off.
"Unless for some reason Jason Bonadventure never had the implant!" I finished Smith's thought for him.
"Impossible," Smith said. "How did the hackers for my favorite website get all the information about him later if he never had the implant surgery? No, he had one alright. But it's as if before his 60th birthday - before that moment..."
We looked back at the computer screen and I pulled up a photo of Jason Bonadventure as an old man.
"Before that moment, my grandfather didn't exist," I said.
The words hung in the air, thick like the smoke from Smith's pipe. Could such a thing be possible? Were we getting too tired to think straight? Was I getting a contact high from Smith's tobacco?
"That's crazy talk," I finally said. "This is impossible."
"It isn't impossible," Smith said. "I've heard of stranger tales. What if Jason Bonadveture was an assumed name? Maybe your grandfather had some reason to take on a new identity. Besides, as one of my favorite old detectives is fond of saying, when you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains - no matter how improbable - must be the truth. And it isn't impossible that your grandfather would have an assumed name."
It was nuts, but yet, Smith made it seem like it could possibly be the right answer.
"Okay, let's entertain that notion for just a few minutes," I said. "What would prevent your hacker buds, or the assassin from finding my grandfather's previous implant and hacking the data from that? He had to be someone before he became Jason Bonadventure, right?"
Smith took another toke. 
"Maybe...Maybe he was really committed to this plan and destroyed his old implant," I said.
"Your ignorance is showing, son," Smith said with a smile. "If anyone tries to blank their implant an emergency data dump is sent to the mainframes. It could've easily been intercepted by the hackers or your mystery man."
We locked eyes again as a new idea seemed to pop into existence in the space right between us.
"Unless," I gasped. "Unless Jason Bonadventure cut off his own thumb and destroyed it to prevent anyone from finding out his secret!"
Smith made the next leap of logic a few seconds before I could. I think maybe my grieving mind wouldn't let me get there with him.
"Adrien, did you look at your mother's hands back at your house?" Smith said gravely.
"Yes," I choked out as the horrible realization dawned on me. "He cut off her thumb that has her implant and her QR code tattoo. With that, he can access all kinds of information about me, my father, my mother and - Oh God! April!"
Smith was already out the door and the Mustang roaring to life as I jumped into the passenger seat, barely closing the door in time before we barreled out onto the street.
I just hoped we weren't too late.












Chapter 4: Flights of fancy
April's house was about 30 minutes south of Smith's office - but that was 30 minutes on a day when there was normal traffic and with a normal man driving the average car. None of those things were true at this moment.
Smith nimbly swerved around various traffic hazards and tie-ups as he maneuvered the Mustang like a crusading knight would his charger. I suddenly realized why someone at the Ford Motor Company had decided to name this car after a horse all those years ago.
We tore through the city like we were on a mission from God - and I suppose in some respects we were. Smith pushed the car hard, forcing every ounce of speed from the thing he possibly could until at long last we arrived at April's parents' house. It took us all of 15 minutes to cover the distance, but it was still too late.
April's parents were standing in the doorway talking to the cops when Smith and I rumbled to a stop.
"Oh, Adrien," April's mom rushed toward me and embraced me. "I've just heard about your mother and your father and now this. What an awful, awful day!" She buried her face in my shoulder and wept softly. 
I looked to April's dad.
"Is April?" I started to ask.
"No, she's not dead," he said with a sigh of relief. "We went to look for her about supper time when she didn't come downstairs to eat. We found..." his voice trailed off. 
Lt. Yelton turned to look at me again.
"Well, Mr. Faulk, your story from earlier this evening is starting to add up," Yelton said. I couldn't tell if he was surprised or relieved, but either way I didn't like his tone. "My boys are just about done up in Ms. Grant's room so you and your hired gumshoe can go check it out if you want."
"Mrs. Grant, I'm so sorry," I said, trying to console April's mom. "I have a feeling this is all my fault."
She looked up at me with tears streaming down her face.
"What?" she said. "How can it be your fault that some madman has kidnapped April?"
"I'll have to explain later," I said. "Right now my friend Mr. Smith and I are going to need you to try and remember if you saw anything strange earlier tonight."
"I'm sorry, Adrien," she said between her sobs. "I just, I just can't go over this again right now." She wandered off back into the house. 
April's parents lived a bit more modestly than my folks and I did. I was starting to realize that this was true for almost everyone. I stepped back and took in their home. It was a nice enough house for parents who were both teachers. Her mom taught vidschool from her home studio, while her dad actually was a hands-on instructor at a community college for medical techs. It's true, most of the surgery was done by robots these days, but there still needed to be some humans controlling and maintaining them. It wouldn't surprise me if someday soon the medical robots came to be advanced enough they could get by without any human intervention, but they weren't quite there yet.
"We didn't notice anything unusual at all," April's dad said as he put his arm around me. "I'm sorry, who are you?" he added as he looked over at Smith.
"Oh, that's John Smith, a detective I hired," I said.
"You've already hired a private investigator? Wow, you must work fast," Mr. Grant said as he shook hands with Smith.
"No, no, I didn't hire him because of mom or this," I said. "I hired him to help me find my grandfather's binoculars. I lost them when April and I were in Central America. You know, when I proposed."
"That seems like a lifetime ago now," Mr. Grant said. "Of course you can come in and look around. I don't know that you'll find anything the police haven't but you're more than welcome to check." He walked back into the house as Smith and I followed. Smith scanned the room - visually.
"I still can't get over how you do all this without a microscanner or, well, something," I said. 
"If you use your intuition and engage your senses, you can generally find enough evidence to make educated guesses about what other human beings have done," he said. I'm not sure, but I think he was sniffing the air while he said that.
There were hardly any signs of struggle in the hallway leading to April's room. And her bedroom door hadn't been forced open. The only hint that something was amiss was her window was open. Her drapes, pink with white stars, flapped gently in the breeze as the storm clouds rolled across the city skyline in the distance. April was always a fan of the color pink and stars. She would sometimes look up at them and say, "Think of all the stories on the planets orbiting those bright dots in our sky."
I plopped into the chair that sat in front of April's desk. The room belonged to a 21-year-old woman, but you'd never be able to guess that from the stuffed unicorns, sports team posters and stacks of historical books everywhere.
"She seems kind of low tech for a microchip man such as yourself," Smith said over his shoulder as he checked out the ceiling. 
"Oh, she's a sociology major at NYU," I said. "She wants to teach someday, like her mom and her old man. She has this one professor that insists his students read some of the historical texts in the same way the original people read them. So, yeah, they had to hunt down physical, bound copies of the Bible, Mein Kampf and The Prince - among other books. That was one of the things she enjoyed the most about our trip to Central America, actually. She got to visit so many ruins and places important to the indigenous peoples. I thought I was never going to be able to get her to agree to take that canoe trip. She wanted to go back to one particular site that archaeologists theorize was the meeting place of a tribal council of sorts. April spent a whole day there talking with the archaeologists and students that were excavating and studying artifacts. It was weird, though, because part of the site was likely used for human sacrifice. It was a strange, offshoot of the Aztec or maybe Mayan civilization. The scientist in charge said very few sites from the group survived to present day."
Smith pulled out a paper note book - of course - and began taking notes, jotting down his observations. He came over by the desk and picked up a drawing April had made on our trip to Central America. It was a snake, with wings.
"This offshoot, they still worshiped a winged-snake god?" he asked.
I picked up the drawing. Touching something that April's hands had not only touched, but created, flooded me with emotion. I wept. I couldn't keep it together any longer. My tears didn't roll down my face with dramatic poignancy like some movie star. I cried. I sobbed. I struggled to find a tissue on April's desk and tried to wipe not just my cheeks, but my nose as well as I slobbered everywhere and made a snotty mess. At first, Smith put a comforting hand on my shoulder, but as he realized I was going to be crying for some time, he wandered off and started taking notes about a windowsill that was suddenly very interesting. 
Finally, I came to grips with what had all happened and steeled myself with the knowledge that both April and my dad needed our help if they were to survive. I put the drawing down, it was now soaked with my tears.
"Smith, I'm sorry, I -"
He cut me off, "Don't mention it, you had good reasons, now what were you going to say about the drawing?"
"It isn't just a winged-snake god, like Quetzalcoatl or something, it is specifically a boa constrictor type snake with wings that the people worshiped," I said. "The scientist and his students were adamant that it was a previously unknown god for societies in that area of the world," I said. "Notice in April's copy of the drawing here - she basically drew what we saw painted on the side of a pyramid - she made sure to include the snake coiling its tail around the head of a man. I guess it was to show the snake god crushing an enemy of the people? I don't really know."
Smith suddenly grabbed my hand and pulled me over toward the window. Smashed on the floor was a small pot. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief - a cloth handkerchief! He gingerly picked up the shard of pot. 
"I found this shoved under a blanket under the bed," he said. "Those cops couldn't find a clue if it fell out of the sky and landed on their heads. Anyway, look at this drawing."
He laid the shard on the bed on the back of his handkerchief. It was a chunk of a pot that April had brought back from our trip. There was the tail end of the boa god drawing on this one, showing a man being strangled by the snake.
"Yeah, that is very similar to the drawings and carvings we saw," I shrugged.
"Look closer," Smith said. "Look at the bottom of the piece."
I leaned over. There were smaller, black silhouettes around the base of the snake. 
"People are watching the guy get strangled," I said. "And their faces are covered in...some kind of...tattoos?"
Smith nodded slowly. 
"Have you seen that design anywhere else tonight?" Smith said quietly. 
I racked my brain, so many horrible things had happened. Had I seen the design somewhere else? I played back the night's climactic events. My mother's death, my father's disappearance and Smith's driving a gasoline powered car and smoking a real wooden pipe all rushed through my mind. My recollection train stopped at a dark and scary station when I recalled being almost choked to death by the mysterious assassin. I could clearly see his face - one that I'm sure will haunt my nightmares - and was nearly knocked over when I came to the realization that the tattoos and tribal markings on his mask matched the ones in the ancient drawing perfectly!
"You think the assailant has something to do with this ancient civilization?" I asked Smith incredulously. 
"What I think is that we need to head to Central America," Smith replied. "If we can get to those ruins where you proposed to April, we might find your grandfather's binoculars and hopefully your dad and fiancé." 
We headed downstairs and I bid goodbye to April's mom and dad.
"Did you find anything useful up there?" Mr. Grant asked hopefully. "I have faith in the NYPD, but it is still nice to know we have someone like Mr. Smith working with you."
Smith nodded appreciatively and turned toward the door. 
"Mr. Grant, I'll do everything I can to find your daughter," he said. "But right now, Adrien and I need to get to Central America."
"Central America?" Mr. Grant echoed. "What on earth do you expect to find there?"
"Clues," Smith said.
"April and my dad," I added. "It would take too long to explain but we found something in April's room that makes us think she's gone back to the same ruins where I proposed. Or, more likely, someone took her there. My dad might be there, too."
Smith and I headed out the door before the dumbfounded Mr. Grant could say much more. Besides, I knew he was just going to try and talk us out of it. Maybe I should take the time to talk us out of it, now that I thought about it.
"Smith, I don't know if this is exactly the best course of action," I said as the car rumbled its way toward Smith's office. "That could just be a weird coincidence that the guy had the same tattoos and similar markings on his face."
I watched the shadows from the streetlights play across Smith's face as he drove. They were a rhythmic flashing of darkness and light as he kept his face straight ahead and completely focused on the road. I didn't know if it was literally the road ahead, or the course we seemed to be taking toward Central America. He was stoic and finally his lips parted so he could reply.
"It wasn't just a similar group of markings or tattoos," he said. "The man who killed your mother had the exact same markings on his face as the 15,000 year old civilization that your girlfriend was studying in Central America. This is not a coincidence. This is not happenstance, this is a clue. In fact, this is a flashing, neon light sign of a clue and if we ignore it or chicken out of this course of action, we are personally signing the death warrants of your dad and girlfriend."
It was hard to argue with conviction like that, so I slumped back down into the seat. Exhaustion was taking its toll on me. I casually glanced at the clock on the dash board and saw it was nearly 3 a.m. I yawned. And then I yawned again.
Smith didn't bother to look over at me as he said, "Get some shuteye, I'll get supplies at my place and then we'll head toward the airport."
I was starting to doze, but remembered enough to say, "Wait, what about my clothes? My luggage? I don't have any kind of supplies or anything."
"I'll take care of all that," Smith said. "You need to sleep."
I barely remember making our way to get supplies and through the security gates at the airport. Smith paid for everything using his thumb implant. He might have been one of the biggest critics of the system, but it made our trip in the wee hours of the morning a lot easier. I stumbled to my seat on the plane and dozed off again.
The next thing I knew I awoke on the plane somewhere in the air between New York and Guatemala. Smith slumped over in the chair to my left and was sawing logs while he got some much needed shuteye himself. It was a commercial plane - one with the new solar-powered props - and at that point in time was whisper quiet. There were hardly any people in the cabin. Smith and I were joined on our Central American excursion by a family of five - a husband, wife and three daughters - and about a dozen businessmen, most of whom looked like they were originally from the continent and were on their way back home. I was going to try and figure out more by doing a little people watching, but gave up after about five minutes due to a combination of factors. Chief among them was the fact that I was bored with it and secondly, what could I possible deduce about someone who seemed desperate enough to catch a plane to Central America at about 3:30 a.m.?
Smith stirred for a moment. I leaned across him and raised the shade on the window to see sunlight creeping across some fluffy white clouds. I pulled my smartphone out of my pocket and cued up the homescreen. It was 7:30 a.m. The phone interfaced with the onboard Wi-Fi for the plane and I pulled up a map showing our flight path and relative location. We were somewhere over Guatemala at the moment. We'd be landing at the airport in about 30 minutes. 
As I tried to bone up on my Spanish, Smith opened his eyes. 
"Why did you raise the shade?" he grumbled. "I was having the best dream."
"Was Ruby in it?" I said with a chuckle.
"As a matter of fact, she was. In my dreams is about the only place I can handle that fire-cracker. Where are we anyway?" 
"About half an hour away from touchdown," I said. "Seems like it was an uneventful flight."
I read a few more sentences on the phone and waited for Smith's grizzled remark. It never came. I looked over to see him losing consciousness as two hands clad in black gloves closed around his nose and mouth. I jumped to my feet and nearly knocked myself out on the overhead compartment. Smith slumped forward as his assailant abruptly let go of his face.
Whirling to face the attacker, I spun myself out into the aisle between the seats. The man who had been choking the life out of Smith slowly stood to face me. He dropped off his trench coat and tossed his wide-brimmed straw hat aside. 
His face was covered in the familiar and suddenly even more terrifying tattoos and tribal painted mask. 
I raised my hands in a defense posture, trying to imply that I knew any kind of martial arts that would do something other than make this man laugh. 
"No one to charge to your rescue this time, little one," he said with a sneer I could hear more than see through his mask. "I'm going to be crushing you again in a few seconds - of that much you can be sure - and I will get the answers to my questions."
"Oh no," I said, trying to sound brave. "This time I'm the one that is going to get some answers. Starting with who the hell are you?"
The man in the mask sauntered out into the aisle. 
"Your detective friend is dead," he said, indicating Smith with a slight nod. "You have no combat skills to speak of and I can do this -"
He reached out a meaty paw and crushed the headrest of a seat into a powder of foam and metallic shards of pulverized springs.
"Why on earth would I answer any of your questions?" he finished.
My mind raced as I poured through everything I had ever learned to find some way out. Suddenly it hit me. I took about five steps back, and my attacker slowly followed.
"Because there's information in my brain you want," I said. I stopped walking and put my hand out to grab the emergency handle on the plane's hatch - that was now directly to my right. "And if you don't cooperate with me, I'll make sure that information dies with me!"
I cranked the door handle halfway toward open to emphasize my point.
"Easy, little one," he said. "No need to do anything rash. My name is unpronounceable to your gringo tongue, but you may call me Eduardo."
It seemed like such an unassuming name for such a deadly man. He had killed my mother, perhaps my father and April and as I stole a furtive look toward Smith's unmoving body, I began to suspect he had finished off the old detective as well.
But wait, Smith showed signs of life! He came to, and immediately locked eyes with mine. He moved one finger toward his lips and mimed that I should not say anything to indicate he was awake.
"Ok, Eduardo," I said, trying to sound tough. "Back off, or I'll jump!" 
My voice squeaked just a bit right on the last syllable and I knew he wasn't going to buy it.
"Ah, raton, you are too timid to hurt yourself," Eduardo said as he slithered toward me. "Let us discuss the binoculars and I can promise you your father and lovely April will be just fine."
Smith jumped over the back of the seats in front of him, weapon drawn, as I dove at Eduardo's diminutive legs. We collided with him at the same time, but the combination of Eduardo's insanely top heavy frame and Smith's momentum meant it just sent the masked man crashing down on top of me. As we wriggled around in the center aisle, the rest of the passengers began to panic and a flight attendant screamed. 
Eduardo was obviously an experienced grappler - maybe he was a wrestler - and was about to lock me up into another death hold, when Smith finally brought his gun to bear.
"Don't be a fool, Eduardo," Smith said through clinched teeth. "You know if I fire this gun in a pressurized cabin, it'll ruin your day. Let the boy go and I won't have to hurt you."
Eduardo called Smith's bluff and wrapped one enormous hand across my nose, mouth and most of my face. Smith fired one shot and incredibly, Eduardo seemed to duck out of the way of the bullet. It hit the hatch I had been pulling on earlier and blew open the door to the plane. The sudden change in cabin pressure caused several things to happen at once. The emergency oxygen masks fell out of the ceilings above the passenger seats. Several people screamed in panic and the pilot tried to get the plane to a lower altitude to stabilize the cabin pressure. The aircraft pitched violently.
Not that I, Eduardo or Smith had much time to notice any of this as we careened across the aisle --- and right out the open hatch.











Chapter 5: Welcome to the jungle
When you're facing certain death, they say your life flashes before your eyes. For me, it was more like someone was scrolling through an Internet scrapbook of my life. I saw myself as a young boy - maybe about 5 or 6? It was the day that my mother had tried to get us all together for a family photo in our Easter outfits. My dad was dressed impeccably in a blue suit, my mother in a beautiful floral pattern dress and I was trying to look like a little gentleman in my own version of a blue suit - with shorts and a bow tie.
It was great idea on mom's part, to have that picture taken. Unfortunately, like most little boys, pristine photos were the last thing on my mind when a yard full of mud and bugs was so readily available for playing. I had fallen into a mud puddle and covered myself in brown streaks on the right side of my suit. Ever the resourceful one, my mom grabbed a chunk of mud and streaked the other side to almost match. In the final photo, I looked like I had been wearing a blue suit with brown stripes the whole time.
Another image flickered by and I saw the first time I met April. She had been a vision of college boy dreams. She had an athletic build and wore a short plaid skirt with a t-shirt for some throwback punk band. Her dark hair was pulled up into two puffy pigtails and she had on green and black striped knee socks. The outfit was not only appropriate, but it fit her just right. I knew that day that if I didn't go ask her out, I would regret it the rest of my life. Amazingly, as I sat there trying to generate enough courage to make a move, she came over and started talking to me.
Time flashed again and I was at my father's office. He was trying to explain to me how Inferno Industries could become the most powerful space company in the world if he could just find the right kind of fuel for his new engine. I wasn't paying attention, until he came over and told me, "Adrien, no matter what you do in life, I'll always be proud of you - just keep your head up son...keep your head up..."
The words echoed in my mind. No, they weren't an echo, someone was yelling at me! The voice was Smith's, he was somehow just above me. The air whipped at my face and I was shaken from my near death reverie. 
We were plummeting toward the ground and I had no idea of anyway we could survive this. But I did as Smith said and kept my head up. I scanned the horizon.
"What can we do?" I yelled over the din of the atmosphere thundering in my ears.
"We've got to slow our descent somehow," he barked. To emphasize his idea of 'somehow' he tried fanning his arms out in his trench coat. The garment billowed up and filled like a balloon, but in seconds it whipped over his head. His fedora finally blew off. I marveled at how tight that meant the hat must be and then marveled at how I could casually observe this as I plunged to my death.
"It's no good," I said. "We can't survive. At least we know Eduardo is a goner, too."
I looked around and scanned the horizon for any signs of the assassin. I saw nothing. I looked down and then over at Smith. His face was a mix of peace and regret. 
"We're not going to make it are we?" I said.
"Sorry, son, but I didn't exactly pack the parachutes in my pants," Smith said. He eked out one last grin. We both instinctively spread our arms and legs to at least slow our descent. "It's a beautiful country. I guess there are worse places to die. Check out those green trees, cascading rocks and the crystal clear lake."
We both craned our necks to look at the lake. 
"A lake!" Smith yelled. "It's our only chance."
We squirmed, kicked and flailed our arms, doing our best bird impressions as we tried to maneuver to hit the lake. I reminded myself that there was a good chance slapping the water at this velocity would still lead to me snapping my neck and dying, but a slim chance was better than no chance.
After getting into the best position I thought I possibly could, Smith and I tucked our heads and braced for impact. The fall was impossibly fast, but since we were in what felt like the final moments of our lives, everything seemed to be moving in slow motion. I closed my eyes and waited - for water or for eternity.
But neither came. Instead, I somehow landed in a net. I opened my eyes and saw a rope net, springing back up toward the sky as it recoiled from the impact of Smith and me. Gently, we bounced up and down for a few moments as the net straightened out. We were about 30 feet off the ground, in what appeared to be a hand-made rope net suspended between two of the massive trees near the shore of the lake we were aiming for. 
"Smith?" I said as I looked around for the old detective. 
"I'm right here," he grumbled. "Somehow, I'm right here."
We looked around. The trees were the only things moving as their leafy tops leaned inward to support the ropes of the net. A few birds flew off, their colorful feathers looking like rainbow exhaust from our impact in the net. 
"What happened? Why is this even here?" I said as I rolled over and tried to stand up. The net was enormous. It had to be close to the size of a football field and while it looked handmade it was strong enough and sturdy enough to survive our impact from very far up. 
Smith got his bearings a few seconds after me, but it was too late to keep me from standing up.
"Wait!" he said. But at that moment the net seemed to give way underneath us. We plunged toward the forest floor once again and at the last possible second the net stopped us, wrapping up around us as we dangled a few feet from the ground like prey caught in a hunter's trap. 
And that's exactly what we felt like as a group of men in military fatigues, armed to the teeth, emerged from the trees.
"Well, well, what have we here?" I heard a feminine voice say. I struggled to turn myself in the net, with Smith now stacked on top of me. I couldn't see her, but I could hear her silky smooth Central American accent. "Who is trespassing in my jungle?"
"Your jungle?" Smith said. He was turned the other way so must have been able to see her. "Madam, I assure you this portion of Guatemala belongs to the world in the wildlife and rainforest preserve."
"Hah!" the mystery lady laughed. "Rainforest preserve! These capitalist pigs know nothing of preserving or our beloved rainforest. You have five seconds to tell me who you are or I have my men cut you down like dogs for trespassing."
She started to count. 
"Now, just one minute..." Smith said. I cut him off.
"I'm Adrien Faulk, this is my partner John Smith and we're here looking for my grandfather's binoculars!" I blurted out in less than five seconds.
"Ridiculous," the lady said. "Who falls out of the sky with no parachute if they're just here to look for lost binoculars? Take aim, men."
"Wait, no," I said. Could we really be about to be shot after falling out of an airplane? "Please, I swear to you, the binoculars are an heirloom from my grandfather Jason Bonadventure and they are very important to me. If you just release us I'll tell you how we came to be falling out of that plane."
I could hear Smith grunting in frustration. I knew he was mad at me for singing like a bird and telling these new mystery assailants all this information, but I had narrowly avoided death three times already today and so I was starting to get pretty good at doing it in my own way.
I heard gravel crunching and guns un-cocking as the lady walked over to the net. She spun it around and looked me in the face. 
"What did you say your grandfather's name was?" she asked, in a hushed whisper.
"Jason Bonadventure," I said. "Why?"
"Release them, and take them back to the camp," she barked orders to her men. They cut us down. Smith and I landed in a heap on the forest floor with a solid thud. We had finally finished that drop out of the plane.
"Your grandfather must really get around," he laughed as he stood up and dusted himself off. "This has officially become the craziest case I've ever had in all my years as a detective."
I took in my surroundings. The trees here were old and sturdy. Aside from the break in the canopy where our lifesaving net was tied, there was hardly any portion of the sky visible - the trees were so thick. The men who had captured - or maybe saved us? - were all wearing old jungle camo style fatigues. They carried a variety of weaponry, some of it designed to fire bullets like Smith's gun and some of it powered by more modern electrical impulses. Other weapons I didn't recognize and then most of them had a blade of some kind strapped to their belts. There were about 20 of them and they varied in age. The lady, who was apparently in charge, was the only female I saw. 
She turned to face me and I found my eyes wandering over her frame. What was it about all this danger that seemed to make me more - interested in women than before? Her jungle fatigue pants were cinched tight around her waist. She was shapely, and the white tank top clinging to her torso hid nothing. She was sweating, it was hard not to be in this jungle heat, but unlike all of us greasy brutes, her body just seemed to glisten with the perspiration. An old song with lines about steam heat meandered through my head as she sauntered over to me. 
Was I about to get another lecture about how she was a real person and not a prop like the one from Ruby? 
"Move!" she barked. No, she wasn't demure at all, instead she was all business. And deadly business, at that. I took a few steps forward at the insistence of one of the old slug throwers. The man holding it didn't look as though he would be the best marksman in the world, but then with such a large bore weapon that surely was semi-automatic, I doubted he would need to be all that accurate to paste me.
"Smith, I think these guys ascribe to the same firepower theory you do," I said, tossing the remark back over my shoulder. The old detective was on the business end of a rifle himself, his hands held up over his head like mine. "Oh well, better a live prisoner than a dead stain on the ground, eh Smith?"
He still didn't answer. Another gun was drawn and pointed at Smith. I turned around and saw him staring up into a tree.
"Old man," the woman said. "You need to move now!"
Smith waved a hand at her and jumped toward the bottom branch of the tree. "Just a sec, sweetheart," he said. He finally grabbed the branch he was reaching for and shoved his hand up into the tree. I stared in disbelief as he pulled his rumpled fedora out of the branches.
"Ok, now we can go," he said as he situated the hat back on his head. Apparently, the hat could handle almost anything - and now Smith looked ready to as well.












Chapter 6: Viva la Revolution
The woman leading this merry band took off through the thick jungle like she was strolling through Central Park. We went through so many twists and turns I doubt I could ever definitely tell someone where this camp was but when we finally got there it was like a small city was hidden in the jungle.
There were tents and lean-tos set up everywhere. People were milling about as we came up to some kind of checkpoint and the guard saluted the lady leading us. But it wasn't just a camp of some kind of revolutionaries. There were other women here, and children. Old men and women sat around in circles weaving, knitting, making bread by hand. They were all working with their hands: something I hadn't seen back in America in a long, long time. 
"You've got a regular commune going here," Smith said. I noticed how much derision was in his voice at the word commune. He spat it out like he had just eaten something disgusting.
"It is not a commune," the woman said. "It is the best we can do after running afoul of the police state the modern world lives in. We aren't revolutionaries or colonists, we're the cast-offs from your beautiful American society and its influence on the rest of the world."
It was her turn to sound like she was spitting. She had no love for the good old US of A, that was sure. As we walked through the camp toward what I assumed was the main tent, people mostly parted to make way for us. Every so often a few kids would run up to one of the soldiers with us and say something in Spanish or English and the soldier would smile for a few seconds before shooing the kid away. 
"What's with all the children?" I whispered to Smith.
"I think these are families," he marveled. "Who brings their kid to a revolution?"
An older man ran up to the woman in charge.
"Rosita," he said. "I have news about the enemy base. They have brought in a new prisoner. He is the one they have been seeking, I think. They were all very excited to bring him in and -"
Rosita cut him off with the wave of a hand.
"Tell me later, do not discuss it in front of these men," she said as she gestured to me and Smith.
"Wow, I've never felt like such a threat before," I chuckled a bit as Smith gave me a look letting me know it would be better to remain silent. 
Rosita and her men led us to the central tent. It was sparse but had an old vid table set up in the center. As I tried to figure out where they got power to run the thing, she turned it on. A few taps on the touchscreen tabletop later and we were looking at satellite images of the jungle. Rosita zoomed in and a large pyramid came into view. It was outlined in red and all kinds of data streamed by on the side screen. She read some of it and grimaced. 
Then, I nearly fainted. A picture of my dad's face came up on the screen. 
"Dad!" I blurted out. Smith put his face into his hand and sighed.
Rosita turned to me and inspected me with renewed interest. 
"This man is your father?" she said. "And Jason Bonadventure was your grandfather?"
"Yes," I replied, mystified. "Ok, you've got to explain to me how you know my grandfather, but perhaps more importantly, we need to talk about possibly saving my father."
I explained everything to her, much to Smith's dismay, and after I finished the story of how my dad had been kidnapped recently, she raised a hand.
"I've heard enough," she said. "Release them for the moment, but keep an eye on them. Mr. Smith, Adrien, please sit."
We all made our way over to a clear area of the tent's dirt floor and sat in a circle. Rosita pulled out a chunk of some kind of beef jerky - or something like it - and began to chew it. Some of the men around us cleaned their weapons, sharpened their knives or lit up cigarettes.
"In the last two days I've seen more tobacco smoked than in my entire life before this," I said to Smith. "You are clearly a bad influence on me."
He managed a wry smile and added, "Where there's smoke..." and pointed to Rosita. 
I must have missed the reference, but she clearly got it. And judging by her icy glare at Smith she wasn't happy about it.
"I don't think she likes you, old man," I said.
"She'll come around," he replied. "It looks like we're all going after the same place if not the same guy. I'm sure she'll give a thumbs up to a partnership."
Rosita swallowed a piece of her jerky and the tent got deathly quiet.
"We don't give thumbs up to anything," she said. She held up her right hand and I noticed her right thumb was gone. I looked around the room at all the men and women. Everyone had stopped whatever it was they were doing and waited on Smith and me to respond. 
That's when I realized - none of them had right thumbs. Every last person had lost it somehow.
I looked over at the man seated next to me and saw he had been cleaning his rifle without using his right hand much. 
"You...you've all cut them off in some ritual?" I guessed.
"Not quite," Rosita said. 
I furrowed my brow. Smith gasped. It was terribly frightening to see the usually unflappable detective get concerned about something. He had this look on his face like he'd just learned the horrible secret that Hitler was his great-grandfather or something.
"I would love for you to have an epiphany," Rosita said. "But I'm afraid I don't have time to wait on a rich boy's brain to catch up with the real world so I'll just tell you."
I rolled my eyes at her insinuation that I was too stupid to get it but I didn't protest much. After all, so far I didn't get it.
"Think about your glorious American society," she began in a tone I figured she usually reserved for her propaganda speeches and videos. "A land of prosperity, a land where anyone - from the richest spoiled child, to the lowly immigrant - has the opportunity to succeed, no?"
I nodded.
"But only if you play by society's rules," she said, as she spun around, her raven-black hair whipping out behind her. She waved her arms around the tent, "We are the cast off and leftovers of that American society and its effects on the rest of the world. We are ones who tried to succeed despite the system or disagreed with its ways and this is what they did to us!"
She held up her right hand and pointed to the missing appendage. The rest of the people in the tent held up their hands, too, in a kind of salute. They all looked like they were trying to give the thumbs up, but it just emphasized their missing digits. 
"We are incomplete now, Adrien," she said. "Not just physically, but as members of your vaunted perfect society."
It dawned on me.
"You've lost your QR code tattoos," I said slowly. She nodded grimly. "And your implants?"
"Without those implants we are nothing," she said. "Think about how you identify yourself in the world outside this jungle. When you go to the doctor, they scan your tattoo or they interact with your implant. You press your thumb to the glass to buy food, to get paid for your job, to apply for a new job..."
A man beside me chimed in, "To sign up for dating services...to look for love."
Another beside Smith added, "To make sure your pregnant wife gets the care she needs...for your child."
Yet another said, "To prove you're the next of kin for your sick father...while he lies dying in a hospital bed."
Finally, Rosita said, "To cast your vote for a new leader...who might change the way the system works."
I felt a pit in my stomach. But I asked my next question anyway.
"So, if the implants are so important why did you all cut off your thumbs?" I asked.
Smith sighed again. 
"We didn't cut them off!" Rosita screamed. "They took them from us. We disagreed with too many things the governments and corporations wanted us to do or wanted to take from us. So they cut us off. Without those implants or tattoos - we don't exist."
I slumped backwards. My grandfather's binoculars had brought me here and I was certainly seeing things differently because of them. Rosita waited for Smith and me to come to grips with what we had just learned.
"We didn't all come here at once, of course," she finally continued. "Different groups - families - were quietly removed from the system and cast out at various places around the world. Over time, we all found out about different camps - different groups around the planet."
I reeled from the implications. Smith recovered his traction more quickly.
"Your group, and others like it, hides in the places in the world that are still wild, right?" Smith said.
"Yes," she replied. "We organized and found out about each other in the most old fashioned, low tech way possible - word of mouth. Some of us are technically minded people who were cast out of some great electronic corporation because we disagreed with the moral implications of decisions made by our corporate overlords."
She stood and leaned back on the vid-table in a way that I knew she was talking about herself.
"We still have skills enough to make some rudimentary electronics work," she indicated not only the vid-table but some other computers and smartphones around the tent. "They cast us out, but we have made our own network and support system."
I stood up and walked around a little. Pieces of information were on display everywhere. Smartphones that were somehow patched into the global network showed newscasts - mostly from business channels. Tablets were spread around with data pulled up on them. There were even small pieces of paper taped up with notes written on them or old magazine or newspaper articles with important parts circled in red ink. 
As always, Smith was way ahead of me.
"What are you planning, Rosita?" he asked. "And what does it have to do with Adrien's father?"
Rosita paced around for a few moments, stopping in front of several of her men, meeting their gaze and getting a nod of approval - or a head shake that clearly said no - from each of four trusted advisors before she finally turned to look at Smith. The yes or no vote must have come out yes because she looked resigned to reveal a great secret.
"Adrien's father has been under surveillance by a group of men who basically run the world for a few years now," she said. 
I had to sit back down.
"Men who run the world?" I asked. "Look, my dad is important but he's not that important."
Rosita continued. 
"The corporations and governments are all involved together," she said. "But neither has the real power. Several leaders of the world - elected leaders - are in the pocket of most of the big corporations. But the people really in charge are the ones who run the corporations. And most of their CEOs are involved in a...group...of like-minded individuals who believe mankind is not on earth by choice."
Smith and I looked at each other. 
"What do you mean not by choice?" he said.
Rosita turned to the vid-table and brought up a list of photos and data files on several important looking men.
"These are the CEOs of five of the world's largest companies," she said. "They run governments and decide elections. Many of us were on to bits and pieces of what they were doing before we got cut off from society. When we came here we all put together the pieces we had and discovered these men were all racing to be the dominant outer space corporation. Or at least, they want most people to think they are competing with each other. In reality they're all working together to make sure that mankind finally discovers the ability to travel faster than the speed of light."
Smith rubbed his chin. "That's not possible," he finally said. 
"Possible or not, they believe it is the only way mankind can finally leave earth for good and escape from a millennia old prison sentence," Rosita said. "They believe this is all part of an ancient prophesy made by - "
"A winged snake god?" I chimed in, realization dawning on me.
"Yes," Rosita said. "Delivered right here in ancient Guatemala. For centuries, this cult has been searching for a specific ancient pyramid." She switched the vid-table back to the satellite map and showed us the pyramid site outlined in red again. "They think this is it."
I pointed feverishly at the map. 
"Smith, this is where they've taken my father!" I yelled. "Of course, he's working on an FTL drive for Inferno Industries. That's why they want him. We've got to go rescue him! How far away are we from that pyramid?"
Smith put a hand on my shoulder. 
"Calm down," he said. "We can't go rushing in there, guns blazing and expect to save the day. We don't even know for sure that your father is being held there or - that any of this is true."
Rosita smiled. "You are right to be distrustful Mr. Smith," she said. "And YOU are not going in there to rescue Dr. Faulk. But we are."
I started to move toward her, but several of her men sprang to action from out of nowhere and grabbed me.
"You can't expect me to sit back here while you go try and save my dad," I said. 
"You are an unknown element in this equation," she said. "I can no more trust you or Mr. Smith than an ant can trust a scorpion. You will wait here while my people find out more information about you - the grandson of Jason Bonadventure."
Rosita grabbed a rifle and headed out of the tent with about a dozen other men. I made a move to follow them, but the barrel of a gun swung into view and changed my mind.
"Smith, can't you do something?" I whispered to him as we sat back down under the guard's watchful gaze.
"It's not the right time, kid," he said. "We're going to stay here just like Rosita wants. But we're going to figure out how these people know your grandfather."











Chapter 7: Identity Crisis
The guard watching over us was a little less freedom fighter and a little more plumber. He wasn't some ripped action hero or even a muscle headed goon. He was a little tubbier than that. 
His physique made me think Smith and I could probably take him in a fight. His weapon of choice made me reconsider. It was an old school slug-thrower of a weapon. Smith saw it, too and leaned over to me.
"I know he looks a little doughy, but that AK-47 is one of the most versatile and easily mastered machine guns ever made," Smith said. "It probably doesn't mean much to you but when I was younger and the world a much wilder place, the bad guys always used those rifles. And for good reason - they're lethal in close quarters just like this."
Despite all of Smith's praise for the gun, I stood up and walked around the tent. I made sure not to walk toward the opening. The guard didn't so much as flinch when I made my way back over toward the vid-table. 
Smith took a few more minutes to compose himself and then came over to stand beside me. He punched up some more maps on the vid-table. After about five minutes of him flipping back and forth between the same screens of data I realized he wasn't really looking for anything.
"I think he's buying it," I said as I leaned in toward him with my back to the guard. "What's the play?"
Smith turned and faced the vid-table, hunching over.
"We're not going to try to escape," Smith said. 
I blinked once or twice.
"How can we not try to escape?" I said, incredulously, while still managing to keep my voice low enough so as not to arouse suspicion from the guard.
Smith waved me off and motioned for me to calm down. 
"I've been looking over these battle plans on the vid-table," he said. "Check out this aerial photograph from the satellite a few months ago."
Smith pulled up the TGPS map and showed me a blank spot in the jungle. It looked like whoever had been clearing the space around the ancient pyramid started at that time.
"Now, look at this satellite photo dated yesterday," Smith said. He pulled up another file and the pyramid was clearly visible where they had cleared away the trees.
"So?" I said. "It looks just like Rosita said it would. The guys in the cult group seem to have cleared away the trees and made the pyramid visible from space."
"Look closer," Smith said. "How many trees would they have had to clear out to make that much pyramid, ruin-thing visible to a satellite? A hundred? A thousand? But what did they NOT build?"
I looked for a few more minutes and then it hit me like a ton of bricks.
"A road!" I said. "There's no road leading through the jungle to the site. Only the footpaths."
"Exactly," Smith said. "So, how did they remove all those trees without a road? I don't care how rich and powerful you are; you aren't going to airlift or incinerate all that wood. And you certainly aren't going to do it inside one of the most watched nature preserves in the modern world."
I could definitely see what Smith was talking about. The question was why had they not? And what happened to the trees? Smith anticipated my question, as usual.
"This image from the satellite has been doctored," he said. "Whoever is in charge of this pyramid project must know that Rosita and her rebels are watching them. Remember, this vid-table and any other connection to the World Wide Web is hacked and jury-rigged around here. None of these people have their implants any more so they aren't technically supposed to be able to access any of this."
I nodded. The fact that we were looking at any information from the Internet in this tent in the middle of the Guatemalan rain forest meant that some of these rebels were decent hackers. But it also meant it would be so much easier for someone to feed them false information.
"Why would someone want to give them a fake satellite photo?" I asked of no one in particular.
"Because someone wants to lead them into a trap!" Smith said.
"We can't know that for sure," I countered. "Before we try to convince anyone that this attack force is headed into an ambush, we'll need more proof than our claim that this photo is doctored."
Smith scratched his chin thoughtfully. He began scrolling through some more information on the vid-table.
"I think I found something you might be interested in, Adrien," he said. "A file is on here about your grandfather."
I leaned over and peered at the vid-table. Could it be true? A computer file on a vid-table thousands of miles - and maybe 15 years - away from my family’s last encounter with Jason Bonadventure was going to shed some light on this whole surreal experience. I had my doubts.
"Smith, how do we know this isn't also some false information being fed to Rosita and her men?" I asked.
"This file is native to the vid-table itself," Smith said, showing a little more computer acumen than I gave him credit for. "Nobody downloaded it; it looks like it was actually recorded here in the camp on this table."
I couldn't wait any longer. I reached over and pushed play. There was a slight delay as the video buffered and then my grandfather's face appeared on the screen. 
The camera pulled back and it showed him and Rosita - a slightly younger Rosita - talking to each other. The scene was at once both weird and familiar. Rosita was a little younger and there weren't as many tents spread around the camp or as many men with guns accompanying her, but they were basically holding my grandfather at gun point demanding to know who he was.
"They must have recorded everything for record keeping back then," Smith said from beside me. I didn't pay much attention to him as I tried to hear what was being said on the video.
"I told you, my name is Jason Bonadventure and I'm here as a sympathizer," my grandfather was saying to Rosita. I tapped on the screen a few times to increase the volume so we could hear her response. 
"A likely story," Rosita said, her tone fiery and accusatory as usual. "Where is your proof? No one was chasing you into the jungle; you have plenty of money based on your clothes and supplies. Why should we believe you?"
Grandpa held up his hands. Smith and I both stifled a yell of surprise as we noticed he was missing his right thumb. Rosita took his hand in hers - and caressed it like a mother finding her long lost child. They walked slowly toward a tent and the camera bobbed along behind them. After drinking some water and taking a few breaths, Jason sat beside Rosita and told her how he came to be in the jungle.
He had worn out his welcome at his own import company. So he converted as much of his money into liquid assets - cash - as he could without arousing too much suspicion and tried to flee America.
"But I must have underestimated the amount of suspicion I raised," he said. "And when I tried to leave a group of security guards from my own company detained me at the airport. Well, I guess I should say from my former company. I had been replaced as CEO and they were all very worried about where I was going with that much cash on me."
Rosita nodded. "So, they tracked you to the airport, but how did you get from there to here?"
"I may be old, my dear, but I know how to handle myself in a fight," my grandfather said. His salt and pepper gray hair and grizzled beard reinforced his statement of combat prowess. "And I didn't exactly get rich just inventing new ways to move cargo around."
He reached into his pocket and produced a tiny black gun. Smith recognized it immediately. 
"Your grandfather invented the black beauty?" he said, followed by a low whistle of admiration. "That's the handgun that changed the world's mind about energy-based weapons versus projectile weapons. Kid, you must be richer than I thought."
I ignored him and continued to stare at the video. Jason continued to tell his tale.
"The fight was brief but in the end they used a few of my own pistols against me," he said. "A few stun-bolts and I was down. I woke up with my thumb removed like all of you. They left me to rot in the Nevada desert, near the ruins of Las Vegas. But they didn't know there was a group of outcasts surviving there."
Jason told the rest of his story, about how the forgotten people in the dessert nursed him back to health and helped him understand how to live as an outcast - as someone with no name. 
"They called themselves the Nameless," he said after Rosita and her men shared their stories of being cast out for various offenses against the global cabal. "I thought that was as good a label as any and asked how many of them there were. That camp had about 25 people in it, hiding out in the ruins."
"There are about 30 of us here now," Rosita said, gesturing around the jungle camp. "Most of us were kicked out of Central American societies, but I am a refugee from America, like you Jason."
They talked for a while more. My grandfather explained to Rosita that he had travelled the world after being nursed back to health by the Nameless in Las Vegas. 
"I knew there must be some other pockets of a resistance - or at least of refugees - in other countries," he told her. "The corporations, the cabal, they had tentacles everywhere. But people are still people - no matter how technologically advanced their shadowy overlords get. I know my way around a revolution and I knew the seeds were ripe to start one here and now."
Jason told of how he bribed, cajoled and sometimes fought to get the information about the other outcast communities. There were major groups and some minor groups on almost every continent in the world. And he had been to each landmass searching for more members - except Antarctica.
"I tried," he told her. "In fact, before coming here I'd spent the last nine months looking for a way to get down there. But it is hopeless with the magnetic disruptions that have enveloped the continent. So, that brought me to Central America - which has always been my final destination anyway."
Rosita cocked an eyebrow. Grandpa took a deep breath and launched into his tale about the secret cabal of overlords and their belief in the prophesy of the winged-snake god. She spoke with conviction a few minutes ago when telling Smith and I about it, but the younger Rosita in the video was less convinced. And then Jason produced small pieces of evidence to convince her - and anyone else who would listen. He pulled out his smartphone and pulled up banking records showing charity donations to several churches by presidents and CEOs of the world's largest companies. He showed satellite photos of other pyramid excavation sites around the world and explained how the cabal members ruled them out as either primitive ruins or even false temples built by the ancient society to throw people off the truth about the aliens.
"These are the richest men in the world," he said. "I know because I was once one of them. When they finally came to me to force me to join their cult, I refused and earned their eternal hatred. Within a few months of that day, I was no longer in charge of my own company and eventually they stole my identity like they did all of you."
"Your sin wasn't rebellion," Rosita said with resignation. "It was daring to turn down their offer of godhood...wasn't it?"
"No man has the right to that much power," Grandpa said. "Money, politics...sex...all of it serves a greater purpose to this group. And when I had the decency to tell them I wanted no part of it, they decided I was an unstable element in their perfect little plan and I needed to be destroyed."
"That's what all of us are to them, then," she said. "An unknown variable, an unstable element. They see us as a cancer that needs to be cut out of the system so their master plan can continue. But what is their master plan?"
Jason explained about the FTL drive and the desire to know more about where the cult believes mankind came from. And then he told her he thought the true pyramid was here in Guatemala. 
"That's why this is where we must make our stand," he said. "Join the Nameless, Rosita. You and your men will be the focal point of the first time we fight back. We're going to raid the pyramid site here, to make sure they never finish excavating it and stop this madness, together."

I pulled back from the vidscreen a few inches, but was still enthralled with the recording as Rosita's men protested what they saw as my grandfather's nonsense. 
"Smith," I said hoarsely, my throat suddenly dry. "My grandfather started the rebellion and joined all these separate groups of refugees together into the Nameless."
"He's a real hero to these people," Smith continued for me. "That's why they were all so shocked when you told them who you were and why we're here. Son, this is the strangest thing I've ever been a part of, but somehow it all makes sense now."
I reeled as I remembered Smith's concerns about Rosita and her men racing into a trap. I jabbed the vidscreen with my thumb and paused the playback.
"Wha-?" Smith started.
"No time to debate," I yelled, dropping all attempts at stealth despite the guard. "The ambush! We've got to go warn Rosita. I totally believe all this now - well, maybe not the aliens part - but at least the part about the corporations kicking them out and trying to dig up the pyramid! Come on!"
I grabbed Smith's hand and turned around - right into the barrel of a gun. Our tubby guard wasn't the one pointing the heater at my head. It was a new guard, a much more action-hero looking guy with rippling muscles and a Latin accent almost as thick as Rosita's.
"You're going nowhere!" he growled.
"Come on, we don't have time for this," I said with newfound courage bolstering my words. "Rosita and her men are heading into a trap. Besides, you wouldn't shoot a prisoner would you?"
He pressed the gun - an old slug thrower - against my temple. I felt the ice-cold metal of the barrel on my head and my blood turned to ice in my veins at the same time.
"I wouldn't be shooting a prisoner, I'd be shooting a spy," he said as he cocked the hammer. "And the man who led my sister into a trap."











Chapter 8: Rumble in the Jungle
A bead of sweat trickled down my forehead. Smith's breathing slowed and my assailant pushed the gun harder into my flesh. For a few minutes, the world seemed to stop. 
"A trap!" the man finally yelled. "We lost radio contact with Rosita and her team a few minutes ago, but not before they called in to say they were under attack by heavy weaponry and not to send reinforcements. She's gone! My only sister is gone and it's all your fault!"
In the midst of the guard's rage, Smith sprang into action. He was only distracted from me for a few seconds but that was enough time for Smith to chop the gun away from Rosita's brother and tackle him to the ground. Smith put a hand over his mouth and wrestled him over like he was a small pig. The combination of the wrestling moves and Smith's mitt over his mouth meant he wasn't going to call for more guards. 
The plumber looking gentlemen with the AK-47, however, had no hand over his mouth and nothing stopping him from calling for back-up. Except his own stupidity.
He slung the machine gun up into view and lumbered toward Smith and Rosita's brother. He managed an annoyed, "Hey!" before I dove at his midsection and knocked him to the ground as well. I tried punching him in the face a few times to put him unconscious but I was not exactly as experienced at this as Smith. All I really ended up doing was bloodying his nose and really hurting my hand. 
Smith had his dance partner out like a light already. I had to think fast. Inspiration struck and I spun the gun around in the guard's hands, bringing the butt of the rifle into contact with his blood-streaked face. A satisfying "crack" was quickly followed by the "thud" of his head hitting the dirt floor. Smith relieved Rosita's brother of his pistol and pointed it at the fellow's head as he groggily regained consciousness.
I sat on the unconscious plumber-guard and familiarized myself with an AK-47.
"Name, and quick," Smith said keeping the pistol trained on Rosita's brother as he came to.
"Joseph," he finally said. "Kill me if you want, you've already hurt me beyond measure by sending my sister to her death."
Smith shook his head. 
"I'm not going to kill you and we aren't spies," he said. "Someone else led Rosita and the strike force into that trap. The satellite images you've been 'intercepting' have been fakes all along. The Cabal knows you're on to them and they've been feeding you false information."
Joseph looked shocked. "But, our people, many of them are quite technical. Surely they would have noticed the fake photos."
"Don't beat yourself up over it," Smith said. "Next question, where were they going and how fast can we drive there?"
It was Joseph's turn to shake his head. "Even if we had enough weapons to outfit another strike team, and could get there fast enough, Rosita said not to come after her."
"Do you always do everything your sister tells you?" Smith said with a smile.
I was impatient. I stood and yanked back the bolt on the AK-47, priming it for action. 
"Here's the plan, Joseph," I said. "We go rescue your sister and her men and then you introduce me to my grandfather."
Joseph's eyes widened. "I'm sorry, Adrien," he said. "But your grandfather was killed a year ago."
I sank back down on top of the still unconscious plumber guard and stared at the ground. 
"The cabal finally killed him?" I asked.
"No, believe it or not it was a jaguar attacking him while a group was out foraging for food in the jungle one day," Joseph said. "We all couldn't believe it either. He seemed destined for such greatness and was almost the father of our movement. But I guess the world waits for no one - and jaguars are hungry beasts."
Smith clapped his hands, getting the attention of Joseph, myself and even rousing the plumber guard.
"We can talk about this later," Smith said. "We gotta move if we want to save Rosita and the others."
We barreled out of the tent and Joseph began barking orders to the few fighting men left in the camp. I grabbed an ammo belt and stood in the back of one of their old army surplus jeeps as it roared to life, belching black smoke behind it.
After a few frantic minutes we had two jeeps with four men each - Smith, Joseph and I led the way along with our doughy friend. He had armed himself with a black beauty while I kept the rifle. 
We tore through the jungle, leaves from the trees whipping at my face as Joseph drove down pathways that were more suggestions of roads than actual trails. Just as I was questioning whether we were headed the right way, we heard explosions coming from up ahead. Muzzle flashes and sparks of lightning arcs from various energy weapons confirmed that Rosita and her men were pinned down. 
"Hang on," Joseph yelled as he gunned our jeep toward a large rock. We hit it like a ramp and crashed down into a jungle clearing - right in the middle of the firefight. The other jeep pulled up alongside the clump of trees where Rosita and what was left of her strike force were pointlessly returning fire. I couldn't even see the enemy, but Smith and Joseph could. The brash young freedom fighter and the grizzled detective trained weapons in unison and unloaded - Joseph's rifle barking out fire in bursts, Smith with two pistols leaning back to stay out of Joseph's way.
Orange flames coursed across the muzzle of Joseph's rifle. Smith's pistols belched smoke as he pumped round after round toward the enemy. I finally had the presence of mind to bring my rifle to bear on the bad guys. 
They were clad in various shades of camo so it made it difficult to target them. And I wasn't exactly experienced with this or any other gun. But it was point and shoot - so I did.
I have no idea where my bullets went. I pulled the trigger and four shots snapped off in rapid succession. The gun kicked so hard it knocked me right out of the jeep. I felt the grass behind my head and looked up at the sky. Right about then, a grenade of some kind landed nearby and exploded, sending my body flying into the tree line near Rosita and her men. They were loading into the secondary jeep as fast as they could. Rosita leaned over me and started yelling.
I saw her lips moving. God, they were beautiful lips - plump and red. She managed to look even sexier with her dirt-streaked face and hair matted to her forehead after what must have been a disastrous ambush. But where was her silky voice? I couldn't hear a thing. The explosion of the grenade was so close to my head it had completely knocked out my hearing. Rosita must have caught on because she stopped talking and physically pulled me to my feet. As Smith's jeep swung back into view I saw that amazingly he and Joseph were still pumping fire into the tree line where the enemy was. The bad guys were advancing on our position. A commando group of about five men were charging Smith and Joseph. The plumber guard was down, a piece of shrapnel from the grenade must have gotten him. 
I saw a commando approaching Smith and instinctively fired my rifle at him. A coruscating energy shield formed around his head and the bullet deflected harmlessly.
"It's no good," Rosita said in my ear. My hearing was slowly coming back and she whipped me around behind a tree. An energy burst from one of the commando's rifles scorched the bark on the ancient plant. "They're wearing energy field generators! Any physical bullets we shoot at them go flying off in different directions. They knew we were coming with these primitive weapons and made sure to outfit themselves appropriately!"
I leaned back out from behind the tree in time to see Smith and Joseph abandon their jeep. It exploded seconds later as red blasts lit it up from the commandos. Joseph and Smith tucked and rolled toward the tree line. The freedom fighter came to his feet first and hurled a knife at one of the commandos. I expected the shield to repel that as well - but it didn't. The blade buried itself in the man's skull and he dropped like a sack of potatoes.
Smith caught on, dropped his two military grade pistols and produced his revolver. When had he gotten his hand cannon back? I just knew he was going to stand up, cowboy style and methodically start gunning down the commandos still charging. But instead he rolled to the side, opened up the revolver chamber and empty out all the ammo into his hand. He pulled out six new bullets and speed-loaded the gun. 
A commando was sneaking up beside him. I tried to yell a warning but it was pointless over the din of battle. Rosita drew her black beauty beside me and fired a few bolts of electricity toward the enemies surrounding her brother. Joseph was fighting hand to hand with two commandos - some kind of martial arts and knife play. The other enemies were still pinned down by energy weapon fire coming from our second jeep. 
I looked back over in Smith's direction and saw him punching and struggling with the commando. At least he had noticed him in time, despite my failure to warn him. I leaned against the tree and trained my rifle on the commando. 
Smith gave him another punch to the face which seemed to have no effect. The soldier grinned, a little blood trickling down his chin, and roundhouse kicked Smith across the clearing. Another grenade went off near Joseph's position and a shower of dirt and grass sprang up between the commando and Smith.
It was now or never. I pointed the rifle and fired six shots at the commando. His cursed shield deflected every last bullet. One of them even lodged itself in the tree next to my head. 
Smith recovered and stood his ground, pointing his revolver at the soldier. The commando's energy shield phased back out of sight - and he literally laughed at Smith.
"Come on, old man!" he yelled. "Take your best shot. You know, you and that gun make a perfect pair, both useless antiques!"
The sounds of the battle seemed to subside for a moment. Or maybe it was just my perspective. Smith was staring down certain death and yet seemed intent on pulling that trigger. He cocked the hammer and the soldier just waved his hands as if to say, bring it on. 
The shot rang out across the clearing like a thunderbolt. Seconds later, the commando doubled over in pain. 
"What the?" he managed to squeak out, before Smith advanced and put the pistol on his temple. "How?"
"Ceramic bullets, jackass," Smith growled. "They’re real attracted to scumbags like you."
The gun boomed a second time and splattered the commando's head across the jungle floor. Smith coolly pointed the pistol to the sky and blew smoke from the barrel. 
He came precisely as advertised. 
He leveled his gaze at the group of enemies still fighting Joseph, and snapped off four more ceramic rounds dropping them to the ground. With their invincibility no longer a sure thing, the enemies called retreat.
Smith and Joseph piled into the secondary jeep along with Rosita's group and we sped off back toward our camp.
"I can't believe you scared them off," I said to Smith as we drove back. "There were like 20 guys out there. Good thing you brought all those ceramic bullets."
"Actually, those were the only six I have," he said with a grin. "Good thing they didn't know that, huh?"











Chapter 9: Stormy Weather
The jeep rumbled along the jungle, its engine grinding out a savage rhythm of bumps and jolts as we bumped our way across rocks and roots. Soon, I heard another sound join the natural song - thunder. I looked up and saw storm clouds gathering. 
"Looks like rain," I said absentmindedly.
Rosita glanced over at me. "It is called the rain forest for a reason," she said. We both burst out laughing. It was a sweet release after having seen all the destruction. I caught her up on the way her team had been ambushed and explained that Smith and I thought the pyramid she went to raid was a fake.
"That explains why we got ambushed so quickly," she yelled over the now much louder thunderclaps. "It looks like we're back to square one when it comes to finding their actual excavation site." She put her head in her hands and gave a sigh of resignation.
I struggled to come up with something to say. I had the sudden urge to comfort her and realized her emotional state was starting to mean more to me than I thought. Was I falling for Rosita? 
What about April? I had come here to rescue her and we had something special together. It was just...Rosita seemed so much more, authentic about things. She was driven and passionate about fighting evil and saving a group of people that had been cast out by a world I was very much a part of. Was I in the wrong?
I stared at her as she wiped away a few tears, the liquid cutting through the grit on her face to reveal her bronze, Latin skin underneath. Her tank top had been torn in the fighting and as we barreled along through the jungle it jostled in the breeze. She picked her head up again and the breeze caught her hair, black as a raven's wing. It flowed through her locks and she was the picture of feminine power. She turned her face toward me - almost in slow motion - and caught me staring.
"Pig!" she yelled, and gave me a hard slap across the face. "The entire planet is literally in danger - not to mention your so-called loved-ones - and you are objectifying me like so many imperialist scum over the years."
I was too shocked - both from the slap and the even greater sting of her words - to say much in response.
"Your grandfather warned me about you," she continued, now yelling over the thunder. "He was right; you are too distracted by a pretty face!"
Several of the men riding along on the edges of the jeep had been listening in and now all gave a hearty laugh. Smith even gave me a look. I couldn't tell if he was admonishing me or begrudgingly approving of me. But as they all looked away, Rosita turned away from me, too.
Then, in that way that only women can send mixed-signals, she looked back over her shoulder and flashed her chocolate eyes at me. 
Maybe I was reading more into it than I should have, but I swear she gave me one sultry wink before looking out into the jungle. 
I thought furiously to come up with something cool to say. What would Smith have said to Ruby in a moment like this? He would have been the epitome of smooth. Finally, as I was about to open my mouth, the bottom dropped out and a torrential rain began pouring on us.
The water soaked Rosita's shirt and pants to the bone - in a visual that completely obliterated any attempt to be clever on my part. However, the driver started having more than a little difficulty controlling the Jeep, so it was pointless to think about her anymore.
We bobbed and weaved as the Jeep careened around on a road that had been reduced to a mud bath in minutes. The storm was fierce - lightning crackling all around us and thunder assaulting our eardrums every few seconds.
"We should find a place to ride out the storm before we make it back to camp!" Rosita yelled, but no one seemed to be able to hear her. I leaned forward to yell something into Smith's ear when suddenly, I saw nothing but sky. And then leaves. And then sky. I realized I was tumbling through the air. I tried to see what had happened to the Jeep and barely caught sight of it crashing through some trees, the engine smoking, before another tree introduced itself to my face. I hit the trunk with a solid thump and passed out.
When I woke up, the rain was still pouring, but not quite as heavily. There was no sign of the Jeep - or anyone else from our group. I was completely alone in the pouring rain in the middle of the rain forest. 
I lay on my back, rain pouring onto my face, and stared up into the tree canopy. Panic began to rear its ugly head. How would I find my way back to the camp? Could I even see the road - or what was left of it - in this pouring rain? If I went the wrong way would I starve to death out in the jungle? 
I shook it off and rolled onto my side. I was relatively uninjured except for a deep cut on my right thigh and a bloody nose. As I groggily stood to my feet I reflected on the fact that I had seen more blood in the last few days with Smith than I had in all the other years of my life combined. Truly, he was a dangerous man to be around. I resolved not to spend any more time with him than I had to once we rescued my dad and April. I leaned against a tree with leaves wide enough to deflect some of the downpour. The rain had slowed, but only a little. My leg throbbed as shock wore off and pain became more evident. 
I scanned the trees, looking for any sign of a road or path - or any sign of another member of our team. I saw nothing - or at least nothing that would help. I stumbled from the tree and began walking toward what I thought was a small clearing. Maybe it could help me find the road. I reached the clearing and the jungle stretched out before me. It seemed the world was an endless canvass of soaking leaves, moss-covered rocks and brown tree bark. 
Just then, I caught a glimpse of something black darting through the leaves. Could it be one of the Cabal's commandos following us back to our camp? Or maybe it was one of the freedom fighters also looking for the jeep? Either way, I decided it would be bad to ignore it. 
Limping slightly, I made my way toward the black shape. It moved away from me and headed up a small incline. I followed the black shape up the incline. After a few minutes, the slope of the ground increased and I realized we were climbing up a small hill or rocky outcropping. 
Every time my leg began to bother me, or my energy seemed to be washed away by the rain, I caught another glimpse of the black man and summoned the strength to keep climbing. Finally, we reached a point high enough to break through the tree canopy. Just as I raised my head to survey the vista from the rocky outcropping, the rain lessened to a slow drizzle. 
I panned my head to take in the view. I could see the tops of the rain forest trees and was amazed at the savage beauty of it all. They stretched as far as I could see in the dim haze of the now waning storm. It was a like a green carpet, each tree a thread gently waving in breeze and splashing off the water. The forest seemed alive - like some green, shaggy beast flopping its rain-soaked hide to dry off.
The rock I was standing on was not very wide - maybe about 15 feet - but it was surprisingly flat, with a smattering of moss growing on it here and there. My eyes finally became fully adjusted to the light above the tree canopy. And then I saw what I had been following. 
It wasn't a commando, or one of the rebels, or any man at all. It was a jaguar. It was a large, jungle predator bristling with powerful muscles and slowly chewing on a bird or some other small animal it had caught at the top of this rock. I tried to slink backwards and slide back down the rock before it noticed me, but the creature's senses must have been in overdrive from its recent hunt. 
The jaguar turned to look at me and let loose a ferocious roar. Its blood-flecked whiskers quivered as it obviously sniffed the air to take in my scent. The corpse of whatever it had been eating dropped from its mouth with a sickening thud and more blood splattered onto the jungle cat's face. It stared at me and I froze in place.  
The animal's eyes locked with mine and I saw a whole different understanding of the world. It wasn't about who had the best smartphone, the cutest girlfriend or even the most money in this animal's mind. 
Everyone loves to make that comparison between New York City and the jungle. It's nonsense. The jungle is a whole different place. The only thing that mattered to this beast was whether I would eat him or taste delicious. It was kill or be killed. And yet, he had nobility about him. The way he moved as he started pacing back and forth on his edge of the rock - sizing me up. His eyes darted between mine, the rest of my body and the environment. 
Incredibly, I could tell he was already coming up with a plan of action. As the creature with the presumably more advanced intellect I knew I should be coming up with a plan, too. The fight or flight instinct welled up in me and yet - I could decide nothing. The beast and I were locked in mental combat. I furtively glanced at the corpse he had been eating. Was it a small animal? Or was it something that had been large to begin with but he had eaten most of it? Maybe he was full enough from the recent kill not to care about me?
The cat erased all doubt from my mind when his focus lasered in on my wounded right leg. Blood was seeping from the gash and the sight of it seemed to make up both of our minds. Only one of us was leaving this rock alive. 
The jaguar growled and got low to the ground. I mentally scanned back over all the nature documentaries I had watched and recalled this meant he was likely getting ready to pounce. I instinctively knew that if the creature knocked me down, I was likely a goner. My rifle was gone and I knew that in hand to claw combat I'd be useless. I crouched down myself, ignoring the excruciating pain in my right leg, and began slowly circling to the right of the beast. 
It was confused for a millisecond and that was all the time I needed to formulate a plan. My mind - and my pulse - was suddenly racing. I found a shard of black rock with a sharp enough edge to serve as a crude weapon. 
A drop of rain hit me square in the face just as I steeled myself for the inevitable combat. As I rose slowly, the rain drop gathered on an eyelash, welled up and dribbled off onto my boot with a tiny splash. My senses were so hyper-alert, it could have been a tidal wave from my perspective. Seconds later, a drop of watered-down blood ran down one of the jaguar's whiskers and splashed onto the rock as well. 
He opened his mouth and gave one last growl. I bared my teeth as survival instinct awakened ancient savage tendencies inside me. 
He was on me in a flash. I barely had chance to register that the animal had leapt before the full weight of his body came crashing into me. I had planned to swing my rock knife into its neck as it leapt, killing it in mid-air. But as the animal’s jaws snapped an inch from my face, I realized that was way too theatrical to actually work. Instead, I was already on my back, the jaguar on top of me trying to end me - the same way another had my grandfather. Or was it the same cat?
I waved my rock at it frantically, with virtually no skill. The animal pressed its back claws into my shins and I could feel them cutting through my pants like razors. I tried to throw the animal off of me - use its weight against it in some kind of judo throw, but it felt like it weighed a ton. I was barely able to push backwards on its throat enough to keep it from eating my face off - literally. 
It brought its right claw up, reared back and raked me across the chest. My shirt shredded and so did some of the skin underneath. Crimson streaks appeared and then rivers of blood poured out of me, enticing the animal further. 
My thoughts about how to fight, how I needed to rescue April and dad and about how I should perhaps exact some vengeance for my grandfather's death all drained out of my mind as the blood poured out of my chest. 
None of that mattered now. I didn't even have some noble desire to live. I just wanted this stupid cat to die!
With every ounce of strength I had left, and fueled by my newfound hatred for jaguars, I punched the cat squarely in the mouth. It wasn't nearly strong enough to hurt the thing, but it did surprise it. I brought the rock knife around with my right hand and managed to cut the thing on its face. I had made it angry - but I was angrier. How dare this furry thing cut my chest like that? 
It had no right to hurt me...no right! 
The cat reared up on its back legs, digging its claws into both my shins at once. This time, though, the pain didn't anger me or even distract me. It focused me on my goal of ending the fight. I saw the animal's rib cage and plunged my rock knife into its chest with as much force as I've ever done anything. Now, in the movies, the hero usually kills the beast like this and the animal immediately keels over. This was nothing like that. The jaguar's final strike with both claws came down around my ears and raked open new gashes on the back of my neck and shoulders. My jacket, thankfully, absorbed much of the blow. As I kept pushing my rock knife deeper into its chest, the beast's jaws clamped shut centimeters from my head. 
Suddenly, I was warm. The chill from the rain and the shock from losing blood had made me cold, but now I felt like I was in a warm bath. It was the cat's blood, pouring out of its body and covering me in a warm red tide. I shoved the animal off of me and it rolled over onto its back. It whimpered a moment as it furtively - and futilely - clawed at the knife sticking out of its chest. It rolled again and tried to stand for another pounce, but suddenly had no footing. It flailed about, slipping around on the rock, still soaked in rain water and now drenched in blood from both of us. I stood, slowly regaining my composure. The animal was losing touch with reality as it flopped around like a fish on the rocky outcropping.
I place a hand to my chest and pulled it back covered in my own blood. I looked at the cat's chest and saw its life literally ebbing away. I moved toward it, and when I saw its face again, the animal's expression was one of abject fear. It knew it was about to die and seemed amazed that a creature like me had bested it. It made one last attempt to jump toward me - to take me down with it - and unleashed both sets of claws one more time.
But gravity had other ideas. The cat floundered, slipped in the offal once more and toppled backwards off the rock. I limped toward the edge and collapsed onto the rock, peering over the side as I lay on my stomach, trying to hold the blood in my chest with my bare hands.
I heard trees snapping and muffled crashes as the jungle predator crashed into the rain forest floor. Seconds later, I heard a stifled cry and looked to see the jaguar - impaled on a broken tree trunk. It writhed about and opened its mouth, but no sound came. 
Our eyes met, one last time. Its expression was no longer one of savagery, but respect. In its final moments, the beast looked at me as if to say - well done. Then it stopped moving and the light went out of its eyes.
I forced myself upright and stood looking down at the dead animal. The clouds subsided and a single ray of light from the sun seemed to illuminate the noble beast for just a moment. 
"In many ancient cultures the first kill is the sign that a boy has become a man."
I whirled around to see Smith and Rosita climbing up onto the rock. 
"Are you okay?" Rosita yelled.
"I..." I tried to put into words what had just happened, but all the words seemed hopelessly inadequate. I finally managed to eke out, "I'm okay."
Smith put his arm around me and Rosita helped me stand with her shoulder. We limped toward the edge of the rock and I saw Joseph and the rest of the group waiting below. 
"You're going to be okay, my friend," Smith said as they prepared to lower me to the ground. As I gave into unconsciousness at last, I noticed he had finally stopped calling me a kid.










Chapter 10: Seeking the Truth
I awoke at the camp, resting in a hammock suspended in the medical tent. I looked around the room and saw some rudimentary medical equipment. There were some IVs running into my arm. My face was itching. I lifted a hand and felt a lot of fuzz. I had almost grown a full beard. How long had I been out?
Rosita came into the tent. 
"He's awake!" she yelled, and ran over to me. "Adrien, can you hear me? How do you feel?"
"I can hear you," I said. "I feel...I feel, tired and confused. How long have I been unconscious?"
Rosita looked around as Smith and Joseph came into the tent. There were six other hammocks strung across the room, but no one else was in the medical tent right now.
"Ok, now that everyone is here, seriously, how long have I been out?" I asked again.
Smith looked at the siblings and finally said, "Three weeks, Adrien."
I was so shocked by having been unconscious for so long that I almost didn't notice Smith used my first name. 
"What?!?" I said incredulously. "But, April, my dad...what's going on?"
Joseph stroked his chin thoughtfully and said, "We really don't know. But we assume they're still being held somewhere out in the jungle."
I looked over at Smith for some sign of confirmation or his usual confidence. At this point, I would have settled for some bravado. But Smith just looked away. Instead it was Rosita's turn to offer some comfort - such as it was.
"Smith and Joseph have been scouring the jungle for any other sign of a lead on the pyramid," Rosita said. "I'm sorry; we really seem to have hit a dead end. And we don't dare trust any of our supposedly intercepted information after being misled the last time."
I slowly swung my legs out of the hammock and gingerly stepped onto the floor. My legs were weak after having been unconscious for so long. I pressed on. Rosita checked my vital signs on her smartphone and then disconnected me from the IVs and the med-scanners. She injected me with some stimulants to help counteract the muscle fatigue. I walked out into the jungle sun and was met with sweltering heat and oppressive humidity. 
"There has to be something else we can try," I said, to no one in particular. Smith walked up behind me and took off his now dirty fedora. He fanned himself with it as a bead of sweat rolled down his forehead. 
"I don't want to be a downer, but I've got no real good clues to work with," he said. "I'm actually still devoting some of my brain to finding a way for us to get back to New York after this is over...whenever that happens to be."
I leaned against a tree. Rosita came walking toward us, and I found myself staring at her again. Wait, what was I doing? My fiancé was out there somewhere in the jungle, likely being tortured by someone doing who knows what. This was no time to be enjoying the scenery.
"I'm sorry, Adrien, but at least you're alive," she said. "Many from our camp have been attacked by jungle cats over the years and they're killed in seconds. As hard as it is to hear this, you're actually a very lucky man right now."
She put an arm around me and squeezed me to offer consolation. Try as I might to envision April's loving face, feeling a woman like Rosita touch me that way was electrifying. Her fingers caressing my bare shoulder felt heavenly. She slid her hand from the small of my back up my neck and ran her fingers through my hair. If I had thought the jungle was hot when I first walked out of the tent, it was positively an inferno right now. 
I turned and took her hand. She was just a few inches shorter than me so I was able to look down into her enormous brown eyes. Parts of her skin peeked through her wilted tank-top shirt and she gazed back up at me. I noticed the new sense of admiration in her eyes. Now that I had survived a jaguar attack and even managed to kill the beast it must have been a symbol to her. My trial by fire was over and she was seeing me with new eyes. And they were incredibly beautiful eyes. My gaze trickled down her neck to the rest of the skin she was showing. Her caramel complexion made her even more enticing. 
I expected a feisty retort at any moment but she merely swung her head to one side, tossing her raven-wing hair over one shoulder. It cascaded down her arm and I noted it was much longer than I had realized. She cocked her chin up at me and smiled the smile of a woman who knows she has casually drawn your attention to a part of her body you wanted to stare at anyway. She reached her hand up to my face and stroked my cheek.
"You were very brave in the jungle battle," she said. "And incredible in your ordeal with the cat. I am very impressed with you right now."
She squeezed one of my biceps and widened her eyes ever so slightly. I'd never had many women flirt with me before. Sure there was April - but she was so good at figuring out what tech geek fanboys like me wanted that her flirting almost came across as having been programmed. I mentioned to her one day that she sometimes dressed and acted like she had been made to flirt with fanboys and she just giggled and said it made her happy that I was attracted to her outfits and movements. It was nice, seeing April dress and act the way she knew I wanted. I tried to do the same things for her, but she was never as direct about telling me how she wanted me to be.
But here in the jungle, as Rosita pressed against me and I felt all of her amazing curves accompanied by the areas of her body that were so strong they seemed to be made of coiled steel, I realized what it felt like when a real woman flirted with a man. Rosita was no toy. She was no pin-up come to life and sauntering toward me. She was feminine - strong, powerful and confident. And at this moment, she seemed to want me - for who knows what reason. 
Suddenly, I realized this was the true mystery of woman - why on earth do these beautiful, powerful and graceful creatures ever bother to be interested in boys like me? Except of course now I was no longer just a boy to her. Risking my life to save her family, holding my own in a firefight and defeating the jungle beast all must have changed the way she saw me. I must have been worth her attention now, I suppose. And now she was flirting with me so subtly and yet so intensely that I found myself struggling to breathe.
"Adrien, I want you to know that if you have to stay here at the camp for a while, the rest of the Nameless and I have decided that you and Smith are welcome as long as you want to stay," Rosita said, the words dripping from her lips like honey. 
I nodded silently, not necessarily because I didn't have anything to say, but because the process of forming sentences and speaking words seemed like a Herculean effort staring down into the eyes of this Latin beauty.
She leaned up toward me and brought her scarlet lips together. I felt something not unlike the irresistible force of gravity pulling my face towards hers. Was someone's hand on the back of my neck? Rosita wanted to kiss me, I knew it. At this moment, the thought of resisting this pull toward her enticing lips was as silly as defying gravity. 
Just then, a loud crack above us broke the spell. We both instinctively looked up and jumped out of the way just as a tree branch fell to the ground right where we had been standing. I raced back over to Rosita and put my arm around her.
"Are you okay?" I asked. "That was a close one."
The branch hit the ground in the perfect spot to have landed on both our heads. It wasn't quite large enough to have killed us, but it wouldn't have felt great.
"I'm...I'm fine," Rosita said, clearly shaken. "We should probably get you back to the medical tent where you can rest."
The moment, whatever it was going to be, was clearly gone. I looked back up at the tree and tried to think about dad or April. But part of my mind was still mulling the possibilities of what might have just happened with Rosita. Was I crazy? We were about to kiss weren't we? Me and the freedom fighter princess - it was preposterous and yet, with everything that had happened over the past few weeks, it seemed actually possible. I mean, I had done some pretty improbable things, especially surviving that fall out of the plane with Eduardo chasing us. I was certainly glad he was dead. And if it hadn't been for that net where Rosita and her men caught us, Smith and I would be, well, one with the jungle floor.
"Rosita," I said changing the subject. "There's something I've been meaning to ask you. Why is that giant net up there suspended amongst the trees over your camp, anyway? Surely you don't get a lot of men falling out of the sky. Is it something to protect your camp from satellite view or what?"
Rosita shook herself from some kind of reverie of her own - had she been thinking about me again? 
"Oh the net, no, no, we have it for tradition's sake," she said. "Years ago, when the first of the Nameless here in my country came to this part of the jungle to hide from the capitalist pig-driven civilization that pushed them out, they found an ancient tribe of people still living here in the jungle in a primitive way."
I marveled at the thought of anyone in the 21st century still living like a jungle tribe, but after all I had seen recently it was pretty plausible.
"They had primitive tools, primitive huts and tents to live in, and at the time, the Nameless had nothing," she said. "The Cabal had destroyed their lives so they turned to this tribe for help. Language was the first problem, but eventually the refugees from the outside world learned to understand the tribesmen. As time went by, the Nameless drew in more members left for dead here in the jungle and took on some survival techniques taught by the tribe."
I nodded slowly. 
"So, now you're all like honorary members of the tribe?" I asked.
"No, not at all, actually," Rosita shook her head and flashed me a smile that was somehow equal parts angelic and bemused. "The tribe has strict rules about never allowing outsiders to join. They actually live deeper in the jungle even than this camp, but they gave us permission and some help in setting up our tiny outpost here - in exchange for one thing."
Surely the tribe asked for some tools or a tiny amount of modern technology, I thought. 
"We had to respect their belief system," she said, and pointed toward the net. I noticed for the first time it was hand-woven and incredibly intricate.
"They...believe you need a giant net suspended amongst the trees over your camp?" I asked, not quite catching on.
"Not exactly," Rosita said. "They do believe we need this net, but not just us. Anywhere there are people who are part of the tribe or even allies of it sleeping in the jungle, the tribe believes you should hand weave a net and suspend it amongst the trees above your heads. They taught us the weaving pattern and which vines and plants we were to us to make the net. They've been doing it for thousands of years and the design and choice of material makes it amazingly strong for something that is done by hand."
I scoffed in spite of myself. "Well, I mean, how good can it be if you weave leaves together to make it," I chuckled.
"You're alive, aren't you?" Rosita shot back, some of the fire creeping back into her voice. "And then there's the reason for it - they believe we need protection from the sky."
I looked back at her like she had just told me grass was orange. 
"What?" 
"Yes, according to their legend, the gods sometimes rain down wrath from heaven on evil men, but for some reason the gods aren't exactly precise in these myths. There are stories of collateral damage from fireballs crashing into the jungle as the angry gods hurl their righteous judgment at evil men. So, the tribe began this tradition of hanging these nets - to protect them from the spillover wrath of the gods."
I scratched my head. It was a peculiar belief system, but one that Smith and I owed our lives to. I couldn't be too quick to mock it.
Joseph came walking over to us.
"Is everyone okay?" he said. "I heard the tree branch crash down."
"We're fine," I said. "Other than being at a dead end when it comes to the rescue mission."
Joseph looked at his sister and pulled her aside. They started speaking in Spanish to each other so obviously they didn't want me to hear what the conversation was about. He was very animated to her - and adamantly making the same point over and over again. Rosita stood her ground also, flatly denying whatever he was proposing several times. She was fiery when she argued with any man, but almost matronly about it when she was telling off her little brother. My rudimentary understanding of the language led me to believe that somehow Joseph himself had been captured by the Cabal some time ago and was referencing the way he escaped. Or maybe he was talking about the way Rosita and the other Nameless had found a way to rescue him? I couldn't quite make the distinction.
Rosita gesticulated wildly, her hair whipping around as she scolded her brother. She was a pistol when she was angry, and she was certainly worked up at the moment. As they continued to have their sibling spat, Smith sauntered up behind me.
"I've been thinking," he said as he chewed on some kind of fruit he had found in the edge of the jungle. "I know our contract talked about a flat rate and expenses, but if I end up charging you by the hour on this case I can probably retire."
I slowly turned and looked at him. When he saw the look on my face, he burst out laughing.
"I'm just kidding, Adrien," he said between bites of what I think was a mango of some kind. "Besides, it has been more than 14 days, remember? I should just ask for my fee and leave. But where's the fun in that?"
"Well, if you stay I think you would make a fortune," I said. "Besides, I'm kind of relieved to hear you talk like that. It means somewhere deep down you still believe you're going to solve this case."
"Oh, I have no doubt," he said. "What I don't have is an idea of when or how we're going to solve the case. But it looks like Joseph is certain of something."
I watched the brother and sister for a few minutes and told Smith about the tribal belief regarding the net suspended above the camp.
"Huh," he said. "I had been wondering about that, too. But sometimes in my line of work you get a stroke of good luck from the universe and you're just grateful and you move on. I bet I would have figured it out sooner or later."
He adjusted his fedora and tossed the core of the fruit aside. Joseph and Rosita were coming back toward us. Some kind of consensus had been reached.
"We've decided to take you to the tribal council," Joseph said, with just a hint of accomplishment. "With any luck, they will send you to their wise man."
"Great," I said. "And we think this wise man will have answers about the Cabal?"
"Probably not," Rosita chimed in. "But he'll likely send you on a vision quest. And Joseph here seems to think THAT will lead you to some answers."
"You don't seem to agree," Smith noted.
"No I don't," Rosita sighed. "I think it will probably just lead you to your death."











Chapter 11: A Quest for the Tribe
Smith, Rosita, Joseph and I gathered some supplies and headed deeper into the jungle. We left the opposite way this time, not going in the direction of the fake pyramid. We tromped through the jungle for what seemed like hours, following trail after nearly-invisible trail until we lost one and moved on to another.
And we were always walking upward. We must have been heading to higher ground. It was an odd place to live for a tribe that seemed to fear wrath coming from the skies.
After what seemed like half the day, we finally pushed back a few trees and made our way into the center of the natives’ village. With Smith and me leading the way, the tribesmen were immediately suspicious and hostile. They produced crude machetes and spears and pointed them at us while jabbering away in an ancient language. 
Rosita made her way out from behind the trees and the tribesmen seemed to relax, slightly. They recognized her and then Joseph behind her. They lowered the weapons and spoke to Rosita. I had no idea what they were saying, but eventually the tribe's spokesperson seemed to agree with her and pointed to a large hut to the right side of the clearing.
"We are to go see the wise man," Rosita said. "Prepare yourselves; he will probably have something difficult for you to do."
I looked and Smith and he just shrugged. 
"After the last few weeks, difficult is a much more relative term," he said with a faint smile.
I nodded and the four of us walked into the hut.
It was like stepping into a diorama at the natural history museum back in New York. The hut was small but it seemed to be just the right size to hold everything in it and still have room for five or six people around a center fire pit. A small fire was burning there and thin wisps of smoke wafted around the hut. There were no benches or chairs or even rugs to sit on, just grass mats. Also spread around the hut were little items - what were they called, fetishes? - that ranged from tiny animal skulls to patches of skin to rocks of a peculiar shape and kind. 
Seated at the head of the fire pit was an old man. Actually, old doesn't do him justice. He was so aged, his skin seemed to be made of leather and his hair was a shock of white sticking straight up from his wrinkled head. It gave him the appearance of a volcano long-thought to be dormant, that had somehow suddenly come back to life and started sending smoke toward the sky again. It was old, but it wanted to make sure no one forgot the power it still had inside. 
The old man opened his eyes. He must've been meditating or something. 
"You took longer to come find me than I expected," the old man said, speaking perfect English. "And now you are here to ask questions. Starting with the one about the language."
None of us dared to speak. Even Rosita and Joseph were shocked. 
"Did he not speak English before?" Smith said in a hoarse whisper to Rosita.
"No, I did not, Mr. Smith," the old man said. "In the past I spoke through interpreters with the tribe because it was not yet time for me to speak your language. Please sit."
We all took seats and waited to be told the secrets of the universe. He looked and acted like he knew them all. 
"Introductions are in order," the old man continued. "I will tell you my name so that you will stop with your mental categories for me."
He looked around at each of our faces, starting with Joseph.
"You think me a wise healer, a relic, a quaint tradition and - " he stopped a moment as he looked at my face after Smith's. "A volcano? Interesting, Adrien. Very interesting. Perhaps I am all of those things in some way, and perhaps I am none of them. But my name is Carsoon."
Rosita leaned forward. 
"Wise Carsoon, we are here to ask you questions, as you probably already know," she said. "Years ago, you helped us find my brother when the Cabal had captured him. Can you help us do the same with Adrien's loved ones?"
Carsoon leaned forward and stoked the flames of his dwindling fire. It roared back to life and the flames leapt upward. From our perspective they licked at his face and he stared off into the fire. 
"You are not here to save your loved ones, Adrien," he said. "You are here to save the world. At least, the world from which all of you modern men have come."
"How..." I dared to speak at last. "How do you know all of this? English? Our names? The...the future?"
Carsoon broke from his trance in the fire and looked directly at me. His eyes seemed to hold all those secrets man has sought since time began - the wisest man in existence. And yet, he was a humble tribal leader in the middle of the jungle. Could he be both things at once?
"Your names were taught to me by our watchers, who keep an eye on the rebel camp, the Cabal and everything else that goes on in our jungle," he said. "The English was taught to me by your grandfather, years ago. He came to see us before he ever went to the Nameless camp. And the future...."
He turned back to the fire.
"Every man has a future inside him," he said. "Long ago I gave up mine to study everyone else's and seek the truth. Today, we embrace a destiny I have seen for a long time."
I couldn't tell if he meant just me, or everyone in the hut.
"But first," he continued. "You must prove you are worthy of my wisdom."
The weight of his words was heavy, and they hung in the air. The hut was like a gateway to the future and it seemed to sit perched at the center of the universe. But I couldn't help feeling annoyed by his request.
"Prove?" I said, indignation creeping its way into my voice. "I'm sorry, Carsoon, I mean no disrespect but I've done more incredible things in the last few weeks than the rest of my life combined. What more could I possibly have to prove?"
Carsoon slowly turned to look at me again. 
"You must prove your patience," he said. "Your grandfather was clear to me that you could not know the secret he has entrusted to me until you had faced three challenges and survived them all. He said it would be the only way for me to be sure you were truly Adrien."
Smith looked at me and I scanned the other’s faces. Truly Adrien? Who else would I be? 
We all waited a moment for Carsoon to continue. 
"There are three challenges," he said. "All of our warriors must carry out one of them to pass the rite of manhood in our tribe. They have done this for 5,000 years and they will do so for 5,000 more. There is the challenge of the falls, where you must climb to the top of our sacred waterfall and return with water from the head of the great river. There is the challenge of the beast, where you must kill a jaguar and return with its head. And there is the challenge of the rock, where you must retrieve a stone from the deepest lake in our jungle."
I thought back to my earlier encounter with the jaguar. I wasn't sure I could survive another fight, much less find a way to bring the beast's head to Carsoon.
"Well, I suppose we must each pick one challenge?" I asked, hopefully.
"No, Adrien," Carsoon said with a knowing look. "You must accomplish all three before I give you the information you seek."
We all gasped. 
"Fear not," Carsoon continued. "You may have your friends here help you."
Smith looked around the hut for a few minutes and focused on several skulls.
"Are those left over from previous challenges of the beast?" he said. Carsoon nodded sagely. 
"And just what are you going to tell us if we succeed?" Smith asked.
"What you need to know," Carsoon said, cryptically. "Go now, Adrien. Take only Smith with you for the challenge of the falls. When you return with the water, take Joseph and Smith with you for the challenge of the beast."
We stood and headed toward the entrance of the hut. I turned back to look at Carsoon. 
"What about the final challenge? Does Rosita come with us?" I asked.
"If you complete the first two, we can discuss that one," he said.
"Wait, what do you mean 'if' I complete the first two? Haven't you seen the future? Don't you know whether we're going to make it?" 
Carsoon smiled a toothy grin. 
"I have seen many things, Mr. Faulk, but I will not answer any more questions until you finish the challenges," he said.
We headed back out into the clearing at the center of the tribe's village. 
I scanned the horizon and looked for a sign pointing the way to the river. I found nothing helpful.
"This is ridiculous," I said. "Why send only Smith and me to the falls? You've all lived here for years, surely you know the way."
Rosita walked toward the edge of the village and pointed out into the jungle.
"We do know the way," she said. "But perhaps that is part of what makes this a challenge for you. Head up this path for about a mile and then go west. You should find the river. From there, just follow it upstream until you come to the falls."
She reached into her backpack and handed me a half empty canteen. 
"Take this so you have something to carry the water back with you," she said. "Oh, and take this."
She put her hand behind my neck and suddenly kissed me. The whole world disappeared for a moment. It was like kissing a Spring day. I felt refreshed and renewed. 
"That's for good luck," she said. "Do you feel ready to go?"
"I feel like I could do anything," I said.
Smith clapped a hand on my back to shake me out of it.
"Come on, Adrien, we have a waterfall to climb," he said and charged off into the jungle.
We walked and walked for what seemed like hours. The path did extend for about a mile just as Rosita had said and eventually Smith and I found the river and began following it upstream. The waterway was as beautiful as it was savage. More than once I thought I saw piranha or anaconda snakes killing their prey. But I also saw beautiful trees and flowers that covered the jungle like jewelry draped across a beautiful woman. 
"I thought I would miss New York City by now," I said as Smith and I huffed and puffed our way up steeper and steeper inclines. "But part of me is wondering why man ever felt the need to leave behind life in this natural paradise for the supposedly more civilized world we come from."
Smith reached down to help me up onto a more vertical slope and we hefted our gear up a steep path.
"Some people didn't," he said, gesturing back toward the village. "We look at their society and decry it as crude, but really, they are very strong. Out here, I doubt Carsoon and his people have a lot of crime. They don't kill each other over squabbles about stealing cars or computers or money. The jungle does a pretty good job of trying to kill them all, so the tribe has to work together, I think."
He didn't have to go on for me to start asking myself the age-old question of who was more savage - the New Yorker or the tribesman? My next thought died on my lips though as we reached the waterfall.
The beauty was breathtaking. Water thundered down the side of a rocky outcropping and the mists gave birth to a rainbow over a small pool. 
"How..." I stared. "How are we supposed to climb that?!?"
Smith reached into his backpack and produced a rope. 
"I grabbed this when we were gathering supplies back at the Nameless camp," he said. "I figured it couldn't hurt. As my old Marine drill sergeant used to say, proper planning prevents piss-poor performance."
He looped the rope around and formed a lasso. After a few tries, he hooked it around a rock near the top of the waterfall and begin climbing. Smith had left his trench coat behind at the camp - was nearly torn to shreds by now anyway - and was climbing in a ragged shirt and dirty khaki pants. 
He still had the fedora neatly perched on his head, though. I was beginning to think he slept in that hat. 
Slowly, he made his way from one decent footing to another. He had the canteen from Rosita draped over one shoulder and before I knew it he was halfway up the waterfall. 
"You know," he called back down. "I don't want to jinx it but this challenge doesn't seem all that bad when you have these modern tools."
He shouldn't have said it. 
A dark shape darted out from behind a leaf on the rock he was climbing. At first I thought it might be a bird or some other innocuous jungle creature, but no such luck. I heard the hissing sound and yelled.
"Smith look out!" But I was too late. An enormous anaconda sprang out from behind the bush and coiled itself around Smith's body as quick as lightning. He had just enough presence of mind to let go of the rope with one hand and grab the snake's neck at the last second, before it tried to swallow him whole.
Smith pressed back against the snake with all the power he could muster while still holding on to the rope, but the beast began to squeeze the life out of him. Slowly, inexorably, Smith was losing his grip and his breath.
"Hold on, I'm coming," I yelled, trying to sound brave. But I had no plan and wasn't even sure I had the upper-body strength to climb the rope that was now dangling in front of me - twitching as Smith and snake struggled near the top of the waterfall.
"No," Smith yelled back down. "You can't focus on me or this monster, get the other canteen and go for the water. I can...urgh...handle this myself!" 
It was a brave thought, but I could tell Smith was losing his fight. The snake must have been 30 feet long. 
"I can save you and then we'll get the water!" I yelled. I pulled on the rope and started to climb. I was able to get a good grip and started shimmying up the side of the rocks with surprising speed. But I could tell it wasn't going to be fast enough. Smith was losing the fight. With his last ounce of strength he let go of the snake's body and ducked his head to one side, narrowly escaping its snapping jaws. 
Impossibly, Smith grabbed the canteen swinging from his back outside the snake's coils and hurled it at the top of the waterfall. It bobbed in the whitewater for a moment, until it filled with water and tumbled over the side into the pool below. 
"Smith! You did it!" I yelled like a kid on Christmas morning. But he didn't reply. I saw his head dip as he lost his grip on the rope and the old detective and the snake plunged into the pool. 
I slid down the rope, yelling his name.
"Smith! Smith!" I called, frantically searching for his silhouette or that of the snake. Nothing came up out of the pool.










Chapter 12: The Mark of the Beast
The old detective may have finally met his match, but I wasn't about to let that reptile end him without a fight. I dove into the pool and searched for any sign of either man or snake. The water flowing from the falls was mostly foam, but here in the pool it was murky and muddy. I couldn't see a thing and opening my eyes under the water just caused me to rush toward the surface and wipe the debris from my face. 
The pool was a hopeless morass of branches, leaves, moss and probably some algae. It was more green goo than water in the part where Smith and the snake had vanished. I fished around with my hands, diving time and time again hoping to find some sign of my friend. But there was nothing there.
I floundered back out onto the riverbank and lay there dripping, scanning the surface with my eyes for another few minutes. 
Then, impossibly, the old detective burst forth out of the water. He gasped for air and hurled the carcass of the snake, still pouring blood, onto the riverbank beside me. 
"Smith!" I yelled. "What? How?"
He collapsed beside me and his lungs heaved for air. 
"Snake....was....pretty stubborn," he wheezed. "But....not as stubborn...as me."
I looked over the body of the beast and saw a knife sticking out of its head. It finally stopped twitching. Where had Smith hidden a knife? And how did he get to it in the water?
Before I could ask the gumshoe how he had pulled this one off, he grabbed a different canteen and drank heartily. He rolled over and then sat on the edge of the river for a few minutes. 
"Adrien, if we get out of this alive I think I know what I'm going to do next," he said.
"What's that?"
"Retire."
We both laughed and then gathered up the backpacks and supplies that had been dislodged in the fight with the snake. I made sure to pick up the canteen with the all-important river water and we trudged our way back down the path to the native village. 
We made our return as triumphant heroes, river water in hand. Carsoon was more than impressed with our efforts.
"The snake has killed many a young warrior from our tribe," he said. "I am pleased to see your quest can continue."
Smith looked at Carsoon incredulously. 
"Hey, old man! If you knew about that river monster why didn't you warn us?" he yelled.
Carsoon turned and looked at Smith like a doting parent. It was strange to see Smith - the most grizzled veteran of a man I'd ever met - looked at like he was some apprentice or journeyman.
"If I had warned you, you would have done things differently, yes?" Carsoon said.
Smith and I both nodded.
"If you had done things differently, you would have failed," the wise man said. He put his arms on one of our shoulders each and then patted them for effect. "You did exactly as you were supposed to, and exactly as I knew you would."
Smith shook his head. We both knew Carsoon was right, but it didn't make the sore muscles or the cuts from the snake attack hurt any less. We took a rest for the remainder of the day, agreeing to get Joseph and set out for the jaguar hunt early the next morning. 
At nightfall, the natives built a huge bonfire and roasted a...uh...something for us to eat. I thought it might be a wild boar, but I wasn't sure if those lived in this area of Guatemala. Whatever it was, Rosita encouraged me to eat and build up my strength. 
"You remember what happened last time you fought a jaguar," she said. "I want you to be ready."
I nodded and rubbed the scars on my chest from the previous battle with the big cat. Rosita must have sensed I was reminiscing about my near-death experience. 
"Would it help if I gave you another kiss for luck?" she asked, batting her eyes.
I so wanted to say yes, but I forced myself to remember my feelings for April. I envisioned her beautiful face and tried to imagine what horrible things the Cabal agents might be doing to her in an effort to get whatever it was they wanted. I slowly turned and looked at Rosita.
"All of the things you've been through and all of the things you've done to help Smith and me fight the Cabal and try to get my family back have been wonderful," I said, in a rush of breath. "But I have to make sure I'm not being distracted from my desire to save April. Maybe you can just wish me luck instead of a kiss this time."
I braced for a slap or at least another tongue lashing of an argument from this Latin fireball. But instead Rosita lowered her gaze and stared at the fire.
"You're absolutely right, Adrien," she said. "You are engaged to another woman and it is - inappropriate - for me to be doing these things. I apologize. But I do wish you success on your hunt tomorrow."
She looked back at me and the fire flickered sending an orange glow across her face. Being in this jungle and dealing with all of these crazy things had made me consider my place in the universe a lot recently. Seeing your blood poured out and watching people get killed for their beliefs can shake a man to his core.
But none of those things shook my belief in my place in the world as much as the look on Rosita's face at this moment. She was incredible. And the way the fire light framed her face against an amazing backdrop of stars shining brightly in the virgin jungle sky was pure poetry.
"But if you find that at the end of all this, you and April are not together - for whatever reason - I hope you will remember these moments we have shared," she said. Then, she leaned forward and kissed me square on the lips. Her hot breath seemed to somehow fill my lungs. It felt like we kissed for hours, even though I know it was only a few moments.
My logical brain was screaming at me to disengage, don't kiss her back. But my emotional brain put it into a firm chokehold and cheered me on. Rosita finally pulled back. She stood, let the fire light frame her perfect feminine shape for a moment and then went to sleep in one of the native women's huts. 
I laid on a mat by the fire and stared up at the stars in the sky. Sleep came mercifully quick and my dreams were filled with the possibilities of the future.
At dawn, Joseph and Smith woke me. We armed ourselves and gathered supplies. 
"Do either of you know anything about tracking a jaguar?" I asked the other two.
Smith shook his head. "The killers I track are usually more of the two-legged kind," he said with a grin.
"I have tracked the jungle cats," Joseph said, grimly. "Many of them have killed many of our people over the years. It is strange. They are somehow drawn to kill and eat our men instead of those belonging to the Cabal."
Smith laughed. "Maybe they're a good judge of character, then."
With a few waves goodbye and some blessings from the natives, we headed off into the jungle. It was sweltering hot, even for it being so early in the morning. All the humidity was catching up to Smith and me, as we were not used to jungle life.
After a few hours, Joseph thought he had a trail of one of the jaguars.
"We must move quickly," he said as he knelt and stuck his hand into what I finally saw was a paw print. "This cat is hunting something. If we can get behind it, perhaps it will be so intent on its prey that we go unnoticed."
We began rushing through the jungle, and Joseph moved faster than I had ever seen him. As we cleared a fallen tree trunk, there was the jaguar, snarling over some smaller animal in a clearing. 
I raised my AK-47 and took aim. The animal knew it somehow, because just as I squeezed the trigger it crouched low and dove into the underbrush. As my shot rang out, a crack of thunder filled my ears and a bolt of lightning split the sky. 
"They don't call it the rainforest for nothing," Smith said as the bottom dropped out and we were deluged with rain. 
"Come on," Joseph yelled over the now deafening rainstorm. "We have to keep an eye on this cat. Tracking another one will be almost impossible now that the storm has come!"
We fanned out into the clearing and the rain became so hard it started beating the leaves off the trees. Huge torrents of water poured down on us. Out of the corner of my eye I caught a flicker of the jaguar. Just as I registered it was moving with a lot of speed, it was on me.
With a roar, the cat knocked me to ground. I would have been flat on my back except I was propped up by my supply pack. My rifle flew out of my hands and skittered across the muddy ground. 
The jaguar had bounced off me, but of course it landed on its feet. It roared again and prepared to pounce. The rain was so heavy, I could barely see its flashing teeth. There was no sign of Smith or Joseph. In desperation I rolled to the side and grabbed my rifle. The cat pounced and I furiously pulled the trigger.
Nothing happened. The gun was jammed with mud and dirt. I instinctively raised it above my head, hoping to at least deflect the blow of the jaguar's claws. But they never came either.
Instead, a brown blur tackled the beast out of the air. Smith and the animal wrestled on the ground, swiftly exchanging blows - Smith with his knife and the cat with its claws. They traded the role of predator and prey back and forth many times. I stumbled to my feet and tried to unjam the rifle. Joseph was still nowhere to be seen, and I could tell the old man was losing his fight with the cat. 
I gave up on fixing the gun and instead charged toward the rolling mass of muscle, claw and fedora. Raising the gun high above my head I intended to use it as a club. With a swift crack, I connected with something. The cat bounced to the ground, finally released from its death spiral with Smith. 
"Don't stop to help me now, kill it," Smith heaved, blood staining his shirt and pants. I didn't listen to him. The cat slinked off into the pouring rain and I stooped to help up the detective.
"What happened to your gun?" I asked. 
"If I had stopped to aim and shoot, you'd be dead," he said. "You let it get away worrying about me. That's a rookie mistake."
"You can make sure to mention it in your case log," I said as I leaned over to help him to his feet. Suddenly, his facial expression changed from mild annoyance to rage. In a flash, he drew his Magnum and fired a shot over my right shoulder. I heard the muffled growl of the jaguar just as it crashed on top of us. Smith pushed me out of the way and pumped two more slugs into the jaguar as it raked his face and chest with its claws in the midst of its death throes.
Joseph came running out of the jungle as both Smith and the cat finally lay motionless in the mud.
"Smith!" I yelled, ignoring the pain in my shoulder. I stumbled forward and Joseph ran up to the cat. He shoved the dead animal aside. Underneath the cat's corpse the old detective was very still - and very bloody. Joseph tried to tend to Smith.
"Is he?" I asked, afraid to finish the question.
Joseph scooped up the old detective and shook his head. "I cannot tell," he said. "We must get him back to the village. But first..."
He nodded toward the machete hanging on his belt and looked at the dead jaguar. I drew the blade from its scabbard and walked over to the cat's carcass. I'd never done something so barbaric before. Looking down at the beast that might have killed Smith, I expected to be filled with rage. Instead, I felt my place in the circle of life. The jaguar had been a great predator, and now it was to be a symbol of our completing this vision quest. I hacked the head apart from the rest of the corpse, stuffed it into a sack and we marched out of the jungle back toward the native village.











Chapter 13: Recovery
Smith's condition was still a mystery as we slogged our way back into the village. Rosita ran out to greet us, despite the storm, but Carsoon was nowhere to be seen. I inclined my head toward Smith and Rosita rushed to help Joseph carry him to a hut. Several native women ran over as well, carrying what I hoped were some kind of healing herbs or medicine or something. 
I dropped the sack with the jaguar head onto the muddy ground next to the now smoldering fire pit in the center of the village. I waited for Carsoon to come out of his hut and congratulate us. It was high time he realized we deserved to be part of the tribe and give us the help we desperately needed to find April and my dad. It had been more than three weeks now that Smith and I were tromping through this god-forsaken jungle. Who knew if my father and April were even still alive? 
I waited and waited for Carsoon. The rains eventually subsided but I was unmoved. What was taking him so long? We had done everything he asked and yet he still did not come to even check on my progress.
As the rain finally dwindled to a stop, Rosita came out of the hut to see me. 
"Smith is stable," she said. "He's lost a lot of blood but Joseph and the others from our camp who know something about modern medicine think he is going to make it."
I said nothing.
"Adrien?" she asked. "What happened? Did you find the jaguar?"
I still said nothing. The whole thing was beginning to piss me off. 
"We've done everything the old man asked," I finally replied. I picked up the sack with the dead jaguar head in it. "This..." I said with disgust as I tossed the bloody bag at her feet. "This is what Smith almost died for. And Carsoon doesn't have the decency to come out and congratulate us."
She looked down at the head in the bag. 
"Carsoon has been in a meditation trance almost since the moment you left to hunt the jaguar," Rosita said. "I don't know what we can do to wake him."
I wasn't about to let Smith's sacrifice be in vain. Scooping up the jaguar head, I stomped into Carsoon's hut. He might be the wise man of this village - heck, he might be the wisest man in the universe - but that didn't give him the right to ignore me and Rosita.
Pushing aside the now soaked curtain at the front of the hut, I hurled the jaguar head into the center of the room. It landed with a sickening thud and watered down blood trickled into Carsoon's personal fireplace. The fire was still smoking despite the torrents of water that had been falling outside just a few moments ago.
Carsoon didn't look like he was impressed. In fact, he didn't even look up from his meditation.
"Do not be so angry at this point, Adrien," he growled without opening his eyes. "There will be plenty of time for that part later."
Plenty of time to be angry later? What did he mean?
"You can worry about the future for both of us," I spat back. "Smith is in a bad way, all because you couldn't be bothered to give us better warning about the cat and the rainstorm. I know you had the knowledge about us getting caught in the storm, why didn't you tell us? And if you give me another cryptic response about future knowledge changing my actions..."
"You will what?" Carsoon said as he finally opened his eyes. "Attack me? Hurt me? Insult me? I am ancient and wise!" He glowered at me and Rosita and stood to his feet. The fire pit roared back to life - even without anyone stoking it. Carsoon raised his arms and the cloak that hung on him looked like the wings of a great condor as he spread his hands apart. "Do not make the mistake of so many others who have assumed that my age means I am not powerful. I know more about the world and all that are in it than you can possibly imagine. You have a great role to play in a possible future, Adrien. But at this moment, it is just that - a possibility. Now, sit and listen as I tell you the next step and let your anger go."
Rosita and I had no choice but to squat by the fire. Carsoon return to his more serene pose and the fire seemed to mimic him. He stroked his chin thoughtfully.
"Your father and April are being held at an ancient pyramid not far from here," he finally said. I gasped and Rosita squeezed my hand. "I am going to tell you the path to the pyramid and even will send some of our finest warriors with you to help you rescue the hostages - just as we did for young Joseph years ago."
Rosita squeezed my hand even harder and I smiled at Carsoon in spite of myself. 
"But first," the old man said. "You must prove that you are worthy in one final quest in accordance with your grandfather's wishes. You and Rosita must go to Skull Lake and retrieve a piece of ruby quartz from the bottom of the lake. This is the third challenge that our young men can choose from in their quest for manhood."
I looked at Rosita incredulously. Was she a good swimmer? How deep was the lake? Would she even be willing to help me in this quest since she and April had become rivals by proxy for my affection? How about that for a change in the universe? A few years ago I was convinced I wasn't worth the attention of any woman on earth and now two beautiful ones were vying for my affection even though they had never even met each other face to face. 
"I will go with you," Rosita said with a small hint of excitement in her voice. "You saved me in the jungle and you have protected my brother. It is the right thing for me to do."
I looked back at Carsoon. His face was like that of a statue, completely unreadable and seemingly devoid of emotion.
"Wise Carsoon," I said, trying to put a little respect back in my voice. "Is this the right path? Will Rosita and I succeed in finding the rock and my loved ones?"
Carsoon didn't speak for several tense minutes. I struggled mightily to keep my eyes focused on his, but the smoke wafting from the now flickering fire began to sting. Carsoon didn't blink but I had to eventually. My eyes watered and I looked down at the fire. 
He inhaled deeply and produced a primitive pipe, lighting it with a smoldering stick from the central fire. A few puffs later and more smoke swirled around his head. I had to remind myself that I was watching Carsoon puff away in a native hut in the middle of the jungle and not Smith toke on his pipe back in his office in New York City. Men are not so different - only their surroundings seem to change. 
Carsoon was likely aware of my thoughts about his similarity to Smith when it came to smoking that pipe, because he laughed heartily. His chuckle was a sound not unlike what I imagine Zeus or Odin laughing would be. 
"Your detective friend no doubt has different taste in tobacco than me," he said as he puffed out a few smoke rings. "I cannot tell you if you and Rosita will succeed, but I know this is the right action for you to take. Go, sleep now, and awake tomorrow to head out on your third and final quest."
We rose and headed to the huts. I suddenly felt exhausted and even the normally hard and lumpy mat was a welcome respite as sleep took me in her all-consuming embrace. If I had any dreams that night, I didn't remember them.
The next day, Rosita and I stopped by the makeshift medical hut and checked in on Smith. 
"He's still not out of the woods," Joseph said. "I've been treating him with the meager medical supplies we brought from the Nameless camp but he just needs more time to regenerate that lost blood supply. Looking over the other scars on him as I've been giving him the rudimentary exams to dress his wounds, I'm not sure how he's lived this long - much less survived the hand-to-hand fight with the jaguar."
Smith rolled over in the basic hammock that Joseph had strung up and grumbled.
"Adrien, tell this yokel that's how we roll in the Big Apple, am I right?" he said with wheeze. I could tell he was still filled with bravado, but that he was really hurting.
"Yeah, old-timer, you're going to be just fine," I said as I grabbed his hand. He looked up at me with bloodshot eyes. "The cat probably decided you were just a big pile of gristle so that's why he didn't want to eat you."
Smith gripped my hand right back - his hand still able to crush mine like a vise - and spat something out.
"No, no," he said after a hacking cough. "He knew I was too bitter."
We all laughed for a few minutes and then Smith dozed off again, suddenly.
"Has he been losing consciousness like that often?" I asked Joseph.
"Off and on," he said, mopping Smith's brow with a wet cloth. "What did Carsoon say when you showed him the jaguar head yesterday?"
I gently let go of Smith's hand and laid it back on his chest. Glancing down at his still open shirt and bloody bandages, I could see Joseph was right - Smith seemed to be one big scar with lots of little scars scratched, shot and stabbed all over him. I made a mental note to ask the old detective about the stories behind those marks someday.
"Carsoon was suitably impressed," I said. "He gave Rosita and me the final quest." I filled Joseph in and his eyes widened at the mention of Skull Lake.
"That place is dangerous," he said, eyeing his sister nervously.
"Really, Joseph?" she said, mildly irritated with her little brother in that way that only big sisters can be. "I thought they might have called it Skull Lake because it was a prime picnic spot."
Joseph sighed. 
"I'm just worried about you, is all," he said. "Adrien, a journey to Skull Lake is likely to take several days from here. I suggest you go pack accordingly."
We headed out of the medical tent and I stole a glance back at Smith over my shoulder. He came to for another few minutes and gave me the thumbs up. I shot one back at him and then felt very self-conscious about it as I noticed Rosita's hand and her conspicuously missing thumb again. 
She saw me looking at it and rolled her eyes.
"Rosita, I'm sorry, I just..." I tried to explain.
"Forget it," she said, her words dripping with ice. "We've got work to do if you want to get out of this alive."










Chapter 14: The Tide Turns
After gathering supplies and receiving well-wishes yet again from the tribe, we walked off into the jungle. We walked for hours in almost total silence. The weather was fair that day and no torrential rains impeded us. I was lost in the jungle's beauty - and the beauty of my companion - more than once. 
Finally, after a quick trail lunch of rations and beef jerky, I asked Rosita what she thought our chances of success were.
"I think we can get the rock," she said. "I'm a good swimmer and I have plenty of lung capacity," she added, thumping her chest.
"Oh, I'd never question the capacity of your chest," I said, and then was immediately mortified when I realized what I had said. 
Rosita playfully smacked me on the shoulder. 
"Pig!" she growled. "I should've expected you'd objectify me again sooner or later." She sauntered ahead up the trail, swaying her hips a little more than I thought was necessary. 
"Is it weird for you? Not having that thumb anymore, I mean?" I asked her as we scampered over some rocky outcroppings.
"At first, it was horrible," she said. "I lost it because I refused to tell the Cabal the location of some files - paper ones, old style documents I was protecting for a friend. Of course, at first I didn't know it was the Cabal that was asking. It was my manager at work."
I lifted a tree branch out of her way as we continued down the path. Rosita hefted her pack onto her back and continued her story. 
"I worked for Microtech Software, you know," she said. I nodded and whistled in approval. Microtech was one of the original computer companies to make their fortune in the emerging tablet market of the early 21st century. They were one of the biggest corporations in the world.
"I was a software designer," she said. "We had great hardware and amazingly complex technology like touchscreens and voice-activated computer that we turned into amazingly simple interfaces. But someone still had to come up with the code to make the computer work, right? A friend of mine had been working on some revolutionary code since he was in college. But he was paranoid about the world - said that all the companies were part of one big conspiracy. I used to think he was crazy. Turns out I started believing him just a little too late."
She stopped to catch her breath and wipe her brow. The sun was beginning to beat down on us and the heat was sweltering. The humidity that was ever-present in the rain forest was making it hard to breathe. Or maybe that was Rosita's tank top, now soaked and clinging to her body.
She caught me staring. 
"Oh good grief, Adrien," she said with a laugh. "We may have limited food and water but it appears we've got no shortage of testosterone around here. As I was saying, my friend's code was amazing. It made simple data transfers over the web take half as much time - a revolutionary new compression algorithm. But just as I was experimenting with it, my boss decided Microtech should have it all to itself. I refused to share it with him or the company and eventually they threatened to fire me. I decided to take it upon myself to do a little conspiracy-minded hacking and dig up some dirt on my boss to have some leverage should he come to give me my pink slip. I enlisted my programmer friend's help and we found much more than we bargained for."
We came to a clearing and a grand vista overlooking what must be Skull Lake. 
"I saw things in the company's records - I'm not even sure how we ever ended up in that directory - but we knew that people had been killed or worse for defying the corporation. It was the first time I found out about, and understood the importance of the implants and QR code tattoos that everyone in the modern world seems to take for granted. I confronted my boss, but he was more than prepared for my accusations. He scoffed at me when I threatened to go public with the information. They killed my programmer friend - saying no one would even miss the conspiracy nut - but they didn't kill me. They cut off my thumb."
She held up her hand in the solidarity motion that looked like she was trying to give a thumbs up but couldn't - the same one I had first seen when we arrived in the Nameless camp.
"This is how they treat all of us nameless," she said. "They take the thumb and steal our identity, not just symbolically, but legally. As far as the world knows, I'm still alive and living just fine at one of Microtech's research compounds in Antarctica or Russia or somewhere else obscure. I still buy groceries, rent movies on the web's premiere streaming sites and live a normal life. My social media pages are updated regularly with posts about hot guys who are celebrities and completely fictionalized accounts of dates I go on with other Microtech researchers. Heck, I even still have a blog where I post about my political views. Turns out I've decided to become a Republican!"
She spat on the ground as she said the word. 
"My god," I said. "That's horrible."
Rosita nodded. "But now we have a chance to change all that," she said. "If we can get this rock and find the Cabal's secret pyramid, we'll not only rescue your father and fiancé, but I know we will finally find the way to show the evil of the Cabal to the world and end their influence for good."
We both quickly stripped off our outer garments and dove headlong into Skull Lake. It was ice cold, but it felt wonderful after the sweltering heat. We swam to the center of the lake and glancing down into the water we saw the red ruby quartz glinting in the sun. The water was impossibly clear; the lake seemed to be completely made of pure water. 
Rosita and I took turns diving into the center of the lake. Each time we would suck in as much air as our lungs could hold and swim for the bottom. And each time, the ruby quartz would be tantalizingly within our reach before we would have to kick for the surface, our lungs feeling as though they were going to explode. After nearly half an hour of trying to grasp the stone, we stopped and swam toward the shore. 
Exhausted we threw ourselves onto the rocky shore.
"It's no good," I gasped. "The rock seems to be at the very bottom of the lake, just past where we can reach."
Rosita put her head in her hands and wept. She cried short, stifled sobs and looked up at me after a few minutes.
"We can't come this far and fail, Adrien, we just can't," she said. I cradled her head in my lap as I propped my soaked and defeated frame up against a rock. 
"What can Carsoon be trying to teach us with this challenge?" I asked, mostly thinking out loud. "With the quest for the water, I think I was supposed to learn to trust my friends. I had to let Smith handle things and then be there for him when he needed me. With the jaguar hunt, I had to learn to persevere - it looked hopeless but we pressed on and got to the goal and saved Smith from his injuries. But what is this supposed to teach me?"
Rosita looked up at the sun. It was past noon, now. The sun was starting its descent. 
"What was it that Carsoon said you needed to learn? The things he told you your grandfather had said?" she asked. 
I thought back to the time in Carsoon's hut, but it was useless. I couldn't remember what he was trying to teach me. 
"Let me see if I can help you focus," Rosita said. In a flash, she was straddling me. Our faces were within inches of each other and she leaned in for a kiss. This was becoming easier for me and I kissed her back, passionately. My thoughts of April and my duty to her were too difficult to resurrect in the face of Rosita's beauty. Our quest seemed hopeless and I surrendered to my desire to be with Rosita. I thrust my fingers into her hair at the base of her skull - supporting her head as she leaned back to let me kiss her more deeply. The dark, stringy strands of wet hair wrapped themselves around my fingers and I gripped them tightly, pulling her head back, almost parallel to the ground. 
She gasped as I drew my head back and then opened her lips wider. I plunged my tongue into her waiting mouth. We kissed for what seemed like hours. Finally, she pushed my back up against the rock again and, arching her back she peeled off her soaked tank top. 
She shook her wet hair, splashing my face, her shoulders and her chest with tiny drops of water. They sparkled like diamonds against her bronze skin as she thrust her arms upwards toward the sun. She kept her face toward the sky and her eyes closed and nature itself seemed to clothe her body in resplendent beauty as her tan torso gleamed in the sun. Her lines were perfect. Her curves were like those of an ancient Greek statue - carved of bronze, not marble. She lowered her face and opened her eyes and I nearly fainted at the passion in her gaze. She grabbed my hand and caressed her cheek with it. Then, she let go of my wrist and left my hand on her face - free to explore where it wanted. I traced a path down her neck and chest, finally surrendering to my impulses and caressing her body. 
We made love for an hour. It wasn't my first time - but I realized it was my first time with a real woman. 
As we both basked in the afterglow and watched the sun disappearing behind the tree line, Rosita finally spoke. 
"That was incredible," she said. "I hope you are not angry with me."
"Angry?" I said. "That was the closest thing I've ever come to experiencing perfection. I'll never forget it as long as I live. You inspired a lot of feelings in me, Rosita, but anger is not one of them. If I'm to be honest with you I've been thinking about doing that to you since you first pulled us out of the net."
Rosita rolled over and looked down at me, her hair - now merely damp - draped over her shoulder and pooled lazily on my naked chest. 
"Well, what can I say, capitalist pig, good things come to those who wait," she said with a wink. 
Suddenly, I sat straight up, almost banging into her head. 
"What?" she protested.
"Patience! That's what Carsoon said I needed to learn back at his hut. And Rosita, look," I yelled, pointing at the now vanished sun and a rising moon. "Is it possible for this lake to be tidal?"
We both looked at the lake and noted the level of the water next to the rock we were sitting on. Rosita quickly pulled on her tank top again and nodded.
"Adrien, you're right!" she said. "Skull Lake has a low tide. Do you think that means?"
I didn't wait for her to finish the thought. I sucked in more air than ever - and filled with a kind of vigor a man knows only after making love to a beautiful woman - I jumped back into Skull Lake. 
I swam fast, diving deeper and deeper. I could barely make out the ruby quartz, glinting in the dwindling light. I was so close to the rock. My eyes began to bulge and black dots swirled around the edges of my vision, but I would not be denied. Finally, I grasped the ruby quartz and kicked for the surface like my life depended on it. Because it did.
A few tense moments later and I burst forth from the lake, gasping for sweet, life-giving oxygen. I thrust my hand toward the sky still clutching the rock and Rosita cheered from the shore line. 
I wiped the wet hair from my eyes and looked back at her on the shore waving the rock above my head in triumphant completion at last.











Chapter 15: The Future
Rosita and I completed the trek back to the natives’ village in much faster time than it had taken us to reach Skull Lake. Within only a day and a half we were close enough to it to see the smoke from their fires.
I was a messy mix of emotions. My initial euphoria at finally consummating things with Rosita had given way to apprehension and guilt about what I was going to say to April when we finally found her, my father and my grandfather's binoculars. Added to that swirl of feelings was more than a little uncertainty about whether we actually would find all of it.
Rosita knew I was feeling conflicted. She gave me a reassuring look every so often. 
"I'm a big girl, Adrien," she said. "I know sometimes passion is just about passion. When you see your fiancé, I won't be angry with you if you decide your place is with her and your father back in your world."
I stopped on the trail. We weren't too far from the village, but I wanted to say this right and say it right to her.
"Rosita, you're a one in a million girl, but my life is complicated right now," I started. "When I think about the future there is so much uncertainty - "
Joseph burst forth from the trees before I could finish my sentence.
"Adrien! Rosita!" he yelled. "I've been keeping watch for you out here for days. Thank goodness you're back. Smith has gone into a coma since you've left."
Rosita and I both gasped. Had the old detective finally succumbed to his wounds? We tromped off into the clearing of the village, prepared for terrible news now that Joseph had warned us. Several villagers came up to greet us and began gesturing excitedly and asking what I think were questions about our quest for the rock. But they were speaking their native tongue so none of us could really tell for sure.
I pulled the ruby quartz from my pack and held it up high for all the gathered tribe to see. A raucous cheer split the gloom of the surprisingly dull gray morning in the rain forest. Eventually, the people grabbed Rosita and me and hoisting us on their shoulders, parading us around the central bonfire like conquering heroes. 
A bemused looking Carsoon threw back the flap to his hut and leaned in the doorway, smoking his tribal pipe and winked at me as the villagers gave us ovation after ovation. They put us down and Rosita and I made our way over to the makeshift infirmary. Before going to see Carsoon, I wanted to check on Smith.
At first, we just peeked into the tent and saw the grizzled gumshoe lying very still in his hammock. Joseph and some of the other Nameless that had come with us to the native village had been treating Smith with our meager first aid supplies - they had a tiny IV hooked up to him giving him fluids from a bag - but two tribal women were constantly watching and chanting over Smith, supplementing the modern medicine with whatever rituals and herbs they thought might help him pull through.
It was strange to see the usual tough-guy Smith convalescing. He had survived so many battles with so many potent adversaries, could he really die from a wild animal attack here in the Central American jungle? 
And for what?
My bond with Rosita - now very strong and still very fresh from our intimate encounter - must have led her to sense my thoughts. Or perhaps I have the world's worst poker face. She reached up and put a reassuring hand on my shoulder.
"Even if he doesn't make it, Smith would want us to go and talk to Carsoon," she said. "The trials are complete. Now, let's go find out where the Cabal's main pyramid is and rescue your father."
I noticed she didn't mention April, but I chalked it up to her being in a hurry. We hustled over to Carsoon's hut. He had gone back inside and was no longer watching us in the doorway.
His personal fire pit had conspicuously died down compared to the larger infernos I had seen in other visits to Carsoon. He sat almost motionless at the edge of the fire pit on the far side of the hut. 
"Sit," he said, without looking up or opening his eyes. 
"I have the ruby quartz," I said, with no small amount of pride in my voice. "Please, wise Carsoon, tell me where to find the Cabal's true pyramid."
Carsoon inhaled slowly. His face seemed to be made of stone - I couldn't read a thing in it. He put the pipe down and finally looked up at us. His eyes were black as lumps of coal, and his expression became filled with so much gravitas that I thought he might start crying tears of diamond at any moment.
"What I am about to tell you is the key to embracing your destiny, little mouse," he said. "But first, if you go to the Cabal's pyramid, tell me what you hope to find?"
I leaned back away from the dying embers of the fire and glanced at Rosita. She was hanging on every word. I couldn't shake the feeling that something seemed off. Why was Carsoon asking me about what I wanted to find at the pyramid? Was this another test?"
"I - I hope to find my father and my fiancée, April," I stammered. "I have finished your quests and now I want you to honor your end of our bargain."
Carsoon stood and walked over to a small table in his hut. Or, he sort of walked; he seemed to be limping somehow. He reached up to grab one of the trinkets adorning his hut - a small string of beads - but had to stretch to grab them. He slinked back across the hut and sat in front of us, not by the fire. Something about the way he moved seemed too slow and laborious even for him. 
He held the beads up to the ceiling.
"Our great ancestors taught us about the gods coming from the sky," he began as he fingered the beads in what I could tell was a certain pattern. "And they told us of the dark gods that chased them, too. Each day the gods would fly across our sky and each night - as darkness fell - they were chased into death by the dark ones."
Like a snake coiling around its prey, Carsoon reached out a gnarled old hand quick as lightning and grabbed a pile of hot ash from his fire pit. He crumbled the still smoldering embers to powder in his hand - seemingly immune to any searing pain he must have felt - and then smeared the ashes on my cheek and Rosita's. 
"Tell me Adrien," he said. "Has all your questing burned away the distractions from your true goal or has the fire through which you have walked clouded your resolve with smoke and ash?"
I saw his meaning - but I still felt this was all off somehow. 
"I don't know what you mean," I said. 
"Weren't you looking for something else, little mouse?" 
That was the second time he called me little mouse. I hadn't noticed that before. As I blinked in the low light of Carsoon hut - I realized how dark it was in here when the fire wasn't burning brightly. 
"My grandfather's binoculars?" I asked after a few tense moments.
Caroon's face lit up, he smiled so quickly it seemed his visage almost flickered with joy. 
"Yes!" he practically hissed with excitement. "Do you hope to find them at the Cabal's pyramid as well?"
I shrugged. The binoculars were almost unimportant to me now. 
"Carsoon, why are you asking me about this now?" I replied.
In answer, the old wise man reached out a hand and began caressing Rosita's cheek. His fingers spread the ashes further across her face and to my great surprise Rosita lifted her gaze toward him and...moaned. His touch was doing something to her. She angled her chin high toward the ceiling and closed her eyes like she was waiting for something. 
Suddenly, like a viper striking at a sparrow, Carsoon's hand was on Rosita's neck. He began to squeeze her throat and I recoiled in horror. But Rosita seemed to just sit there, pushing her neck closer toward the now hideously grinning Carsoon as if she was desperate for him to get a better grip on her.
"I don't understand," I said, slowly standing and backing away from the now all too grizzly scene. "Is this some kind of final test?"
"No, little mouse," Carsoon said, practically growling. "Tell me - are your grandfather's binoculars at the pyramid or not?"
Carsoon stood, hauling Rosita upwards by the neck. Now I knew something was terribly wrong. In the past, the old man had struggled to reach things on the top shelves of his hut. But here he was standing at his full height and Rosita was dangling from his grip limp as a rag doll. 
I stole a glance at the door.
"Go on," Carsoon said. "Call for help!"
"Help!" I yelled out the door of the hut. "Carsoon has gone mad!"
Carsoon suddenly leaped across the room and wrapped a hand around my throat before I could say anything else. Instinct took over and I brought my fist around, slamming it into Carsoon's face. But it was like punching a piece of metal. I flailed my arms as his grip became tighter, like a vice. 
Two of the village's warriors came running into the hut just in time to see me punching their wise man in the face. It didn't come off all that well for Rosita and me. 
The warriors drew primitive swords and began trying to attack me - as they thought I was the one attacking their village elder. 
Carsoon laughed as the melee spilled across the hut, but I was at least able to escape his grip. He had incredible hand strength for a man of his purported age. I whirled to face the warriors as they circled the fire pit. 
"Give it up, little mouse," Carsoon said, mocking me. "They think you are an enemy of the tribe."
He mumbled something to the warriors in the native tongue and they looked at each other with renewed understanding in their eyes. I furtively scanned the hut for something - anything - I could use as a weapon and finally grabbed a ceremonial staff or medicine stick. It was no match for the machete like weapons the warriors had pointed at me, but it was something.
"Don't get to thinking too heroic," Carsoon said. "Your lady love is desperate for me to choke her out."
And she was. Rosita had been bewitched somehow; she was hanging onto Carsoon's wrinkled old right hand as he kept it casually wrapped around her throat. Any time he seemed to release his grip in the slightest, she whimpered like a dog whose favorite toy had been taken away. 
But before I could spend any more time trying to figure out what was happening to her, the warriors lunged at me. I whirled the staff back and forth trying to fend off their blades. But in a few short minutes the stick was splintered and broken by their surprisingly sharp weapons. I tried in vain to dodge their blades. But they were fighting men and after a few minutes of running around the hut I remembered I was too much of a city boy to put up much of a fight. I suffered a few nicks and cuts but eventually one of them stabbed me right in the leg. 
As the blood poured down my thigh, I felt my confidence and resolve leaking out, too. 
Carsoon yelled a command in the native tongue and the warriors stopped attacking. I slumped to my knees next to the fire pit and one of the warriors grabbed my hair. He held his blade aloft.
"The game is at an end, little mouse," Carsoon said. "Tell me where to find your grandfather's binoculars or you will be beheaded. And I will give your lady what she so desperately wants so the last thing you see will be her death."
I looked at Carsoon's face. It was a mask of evil intent. What had happened to the old wise man? Was it all a ruse from the start?
A thunderbolt cracked the air around the hut. The warriors suddenly lost their resolve and dove under the tables for cover. 
The flap in the doorway burst open. Smith appeared, silhouetted by the sinking sun as dusk gathered around the village. Carsoon dropped Rosita - who visibly cried in protest as he let go of her throat. The wise man slithered toward Smith, but the old detective was too fast for him this time. 
Three more thunderous shots split the air in the hut. Smith's bullets hit home - striking Carsoon right in the face. But rather than collapsing in a pool of blood, the wise man was pushed backwards and toppled over into the fire pit. 
I groggily rose to my feet and stumbled over to the body. 
Carsoon's face and skin seemed to flicker - like someone was turning off a television or computer screen. Chunks of metal and flashing lights appeared on his face and then he seemed to suddenly grow a few feet.
Smith stumbled forward out of the doorway. Rosita shook it off, stood up and ran toward me to support me as my wounded leg gave way. I leaned onto her and we watched in horror as the arms and torso of what we thought was Carsoon grew even more, twisting in to a grotesque over-exaggeration of what a man should look like. 
Suddenly, I recognized the body - it was a force of malevolent evil that would haunt my nightmares for eternity. 
"Not...Carsoon," Smith rasped as he draped his gun arm across Rosita's other shoulder. She was the only thing holding both of us up.
"I know," I said groggily. "It's Eduardo."











Chapter 16: Answers
We watched in horror as the - thing - that had been Carsoon continued to reform to its normal shape. It was Eduardo alright. Somehow he had survived falling out of the plane and been tracking us this whole time. 
Smith slumped his way over to a spot by the smoldering fire and the two tribal warriors came out from under their table. They began shouting and gesturing wildly at Eduardo. He wasn't moving any more. My curiosity vetoed the searing pain in my leg for a moment and I limped forward toward Eduardo's body. 
The last vestiges of his resemblance to Carsoon melted away and I leaned over him. He was still breathing. 
"Smith," I said as I peered into Eduardo's face. "He's wearing some kind of mask and I think all that metal is a series of implants. There are LEDs embedded in his skin somehow - not just his face but all over his body."
I took in the truly grotesque nature of Eduardo. He was literally more arms and torso than he was legs. His arms were longer than my legs and rippling with muscles. And draped over his implant riddled face was a tribal mask of some kind, emblazoned with the same tattoos of the tribes that April had been studying here in the rain forest - the ones that worshipped the old snake gods.
Smith cleared his throat and, as if he had been reading my mind, echoed my conclusions.
"He must somehow be genetically altered to have those arms," Smith said as he got some of his breath back. "And the implants or the mask...or maybe a combination of the two...they let him look like other people, maybe? Some kind of holograms, I'll bet. Yeah, that makes sense. I'll bet he's been hiding in plain sight for a long time. But why does he want those binoculars so bad? He's a great assassin,  that's for sure, but why send him to retrieve something? Why not just send him to kill us?"
A voice spoke from behind a pile of animal pelts.
"Because he doesn't want you dead."
Rosita ran toward the pelts and quickly began removing them. Under the animal hides was Carsoon, barely clinging to life. 
"Carsoon!" she shrieked. "We have to get you to the medical tent."
"There is no hope for me to survive now," the old wise man said. "I am too far along on my journey to the afterlife. But I must tell you three things before I die."
Carsoon reared up and we saw the extent of his wounds. His neck was broken, no doubt at the meaty hands of Eduardo. The assassin must have assumed Carsoon was dead and then hid the body so he could replace him to get to us.
"Despite his tribal tattoo that matches the symbols of the Cabal's cult, the assassin is not from the Cabal," Carsoon said as he wheezed his final breaths. "I do not know where he is from or how he projects images to look like others, but he is only interested in finding - and destroying - the binoculars left by Jason Bonadventure."
I blinked in astonishment as Carsoon inhaled to say one last sentence.
"Adrien, the Cabal's secret pyramid is marked on our tribe's map - " he coughed one last time pointed to a hand drawn map hanging on the wall of his hut. "And, you are now ready to receive that which was left by your grandfather."
Carsoon pointed to a small chest near the map on the wall. Then, he slumped forward and died. 
Rosita let out a tiny squeak and then a few sobs. 
"I knew him only for a little while," she said. "But in that time we learned so much from him and his people. They taught us how to survive in this jungle, but for me and so many others of the Nameless, they showed us that there was hope for the better parts of mankind to survive even as it seemed like the Cabal had taken over the whole planet in their tyrannical grip."
She walked over to Carsoon's body and pulled it the rest of the way out of the pile of animal pelts and closed his eyes one last time. 
I knew I should take a moment to be respectful of Carsoon, but after a few seconds I limped across the hut and opened the chest. I lifted up a few crumpled leaves and - finally - picked up my grandfather's binoculars again.
Smith chuckled from his seat. "Hey, kid, I found the binoculars - just like you asked," he said. We both laughed for a minute.
And so here they were. Was it worth all this? I put the strap over my neck and held them up to my eyes like I had done a million times before both as a kid and when April and I came here for me to propose.
All of that seemed like a different life now - like I'd read it in a book. Why were these things so important? All the death and destruction we had seen while looking for them and for what?
As I grew angrier and contemplated smashing them to the ground in a rage, the binoculars suddenly started vibrating. It was a tiny little tremor at first, but in a few minutes they were visibly shaking. The humming in the air was growing louder as the binoculars flew off of my neck and began spinning in midair. Suddenly, they began to glow in a faint blue light, and to my astonishment they projected a hologram into the center of the hut. 
And standing before us was a holographic recording of my grandfather.
He looked around the hut, first at Rosita who was still crouched by the now dead Carsoon, then the tribesmen who were transfixed by the hologram, then at Smith whom he met with a knowing nod and finally at me.
"Adrien," he said, his voice somehow both tinny from the recording and speakers that must have been hidden in my binoculars for decades and yet warm and knowing. "I know it has been a tough road for you to get here. I'm glad you persevered - but I never doubted you for a second."
I had seen some holographic recordings in my time and this was one of the most lifelike I had ever come across. 
"It looks so realistic," was the first thing I could say. I turned toward Smith. "Try to remember or write down as much as you can I don't know if the recording will play a second time."
But then the hologram of my grandfather looked toward Smith and said, "Don't worry about taking notes; you'll be able to access the information on a data crystal stored in these binoculars once we're done speaking. The information contained here is too important for me not to have stored it safely all these years."
Was this an interactive hologram? 
"Yes, I'm interactive," my blue, glowing grandfather said as if he had read my mind. "Adrien I'm about to tell you some incredible things. First, I'm not your grandfather."
It was hard to grasp any of this - an interactive hologram I could see, but one hidden inside such a tiny space for decades? And now he's not really my grandfather?
"Almost a century from now, 2150 or so, I'll be sitting in my office recording this message for you," he said. "You see, YOU are actually MY grandfather. I'm your grandson and during the next 100 years, mankind is going to do some amazing things. Thanks to the faster-than-light drive created by your father, we're going to conquer the stars and begin building colonies on other planets. Some of the compounds and plant life - yes life on other planets - that we discover will cure diseases that we thought impossible to cure. We'll find amazing new sources of clean energy and efficient ways to grow food for entire planets."
The pain in my leg pulled me back to reality for a moment and I sat down to hear the rest. 
"But none of it will happen unless you and your father discover the appropriate fuel for his engine design," Bonadventure continued. "That's why the Cabal has kidnapped him, of course. You told me this story hundreds of times in the future. And in a twist that shows the universe must have a sense of humor, the fuel the Cabal needs has been right under them the whole time."
Smith grunted in disbelief.
"Look, Mr. Bonadventure, or whoever you are - or were - why should we believe any of this?" he said. "Faster-than-light travel is a big enough leap of logic on its own, but now you expect us to believe the Cabal is sitting on a rare mineral or oil or something without knowing it is valuable?"
Bonadventure nodded. "That's true of many valuable things throughout mankind's history, is it not Mr. Smith? Gasoline was once burned as a useless byproduct, for example."
The hologram flickered. 
"Listen carefully," my grandfather - or grandson? - said. "My battery power is running low. Adrien, follow that map on the wall and go rescue your father. With the help of the Nameless freedom fighters you should also be able to destroy the Cabal's center of power. Rosita and her people will know how to bring down their power base around the world at the same time. You never explained that part to me, but I suspect that she will be able to pull it off. She always was very resourceful."
I looked at Rosita and she winked. Did the fact that my grandson knew her mean she was going to become more important in my life? And he hadn't mentioned April at all yet. 
"Wait, if you're from the future does that mean he is, too?" I asked as I pointed toward Eduardo's body.
The holographic Bonadventure looked down and shrugged. 
"Who?" he asked. We all looked over to where Eduardo's body should have been laying and saw to our horror that he was gone. 
"Three shots to the head and he just healed up and snuck away?" Smith asked incredulously. 
"Grandpa...ugh...Jason, there was a grotesquely misshapen man here, filled with holographic projection implants and powerful cyber-tech that has been trying to kill us for a while now," I explained. "He's the man who killed my mother. Surely I've told you about him."
The hologram shrugged. 
"I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about," he said. "When you say he was deformed...was he a thickneck?"
I shrugged. “A what?” I asked. 
"I'm sorry, I'm running out of time," he said. "I know you will succeed. Take the data crystal from these binoculars and make sure your father gets it, Adrien. He'll know what to do to access this again and the important information about the fuel source. Quickly now, the future of mankind depends on you."
And with that the hologram blinked out of existence and the binoculars hovered to the ground. They stopped glowing and were silent. I gathered my thoughts. Carsoon had told us the secrets of the universe were in this hut. I always thought he meant metaphorically, not literally.
"Adrien," Rosita said, her voice soft. "I believe in you."
I had been expecting some great speech about how the Nameless would finally get revenge - or maybe even a pep talk about how we would be able to defeat the Cabal. But incredibly this firebrand of a woman, who commanded respect from everyone she ever met, only told me she believed in me.
And perhaps even more incredibly - that's all it took to get me to stand up, walk out the door of that hut and embrace my destiny.  










Chapter 17: Rendezvous with destiny
Smith and I hobbled our way back toward the infirmary hut. We got some necessary stitching and help from Joseph and the rest of his men. I explained what had happened in Carsoon's tent and he translated for the tribe as the two warriors gesticulated wildly to explain all the amazing things that had just transpired.
The tribe was overcome with grief. From what Joseph explained to me, Carsoon had been their shamanic wise man for almost 100 years himself. And he was the last son of a long line of great shaman in their tribe.
Rosita got some treatment from her brother as well. But her injury was more one of pride.
"Adrien," she said sheepishly. "I want to say I'm terribly sorry about what happened with Eduardo. I don't know what came over me, but for a few minutes there I desperately wanted him to strangle me. It doesn't make any sense."
I embraced her, stroking her shoulders. I kissed her gently on the forehead.
"Look, whether it was some kind of pheromone or technology induced trance or - whatever else - I'm not going to blame you," I said.
Smith chuckled as he tested the stitches on his torso once again. Joseph was giving him one last examination before we headed back to the Nameless camp to marshal our forces. 
"Time-traveling grandsons, holograms, spaceships that will colonize alien planets and cybernetic assassins from the future," he said. "At this point I wouldn't be surprised if the Easter Bunny came hopping out of the rainforest demanding to find his lost eggs." Smith finished off the sentence with a low whistle. "This might be way above my pay grade, Adrien."
I shrugged.
"I'm no expert on time travel - which until a few minutes ago I didn't believe was possible by the way - but doesn't the fact that my grandfather, er, grandSON was around to record that hologram mean that we succeed? I mean, he was alive in the future and at the moment I don't have any kids so..." I let the sentence trail off and spread my hands wide.
"Ah, but you're forgetting something," Smith said, as he rose up and finished buttoning his shirt. He resolutely put on his now tattered trench coat and really beat-up fedora. I could tell he was about to drop some first-class detective work on us. "Your grandson didn't know anything about Eduardo. He mentioned a couple of things that you had explained to him many times in the future but he didn't seem to know anything about our beefy friend - or your mother's death, actually. To me, that means even if this whole time travel gambit is true, it hasn't made me a believer in predestination just yet. But that must be why we could find no record of him until he was about 60 or so. It seems he traveled back in time as an old man and used his knowledge of the future to make the best investments and become rich."
I nodded. It made a little more sense now – if one accepted the entire premise of Jason Bonadventure traveling through time. He could make the best plays on the stock market like someone who was betting on sporting events when they already had a list of the scores from the future.
Rosita cleared her throat. 
"Well, he was right about one thing. The Nameless do have a plan to bring down the Cabal once and for all," she said. "For years now our spies have worked out the schedule they have for when they have their secret society meetings. It is dependent on the cycle of the moon. We decided a long time ago that we could never physically destroy them, but if we could somehow expose their cultish ways to the rest of the world - broadcast truth of their secret meetings and what we believe are human sacrifices to the world at large, people would revolt against them. There'd be calls for new elections to replace corrupted politicians and mass boycotts as consumers learned the truth about our networked masters."
Smith stroked his chin thoughtfully as Joseph began taking photos of the drawings Smith had made of the tribal map in Carsoon's hut. He then sent the files back to the Nameless camp using the short range wireless network the freedom fighters had set up in the jungle. We still dared not trust the Internet at large - even in this remote setting. Everything was being set up on a private network. I watched as he tapped out names and commands on his data tablet. His speed at typing - even on a decent-sized touchscreen like the one he was using - was deplorable. I was going to make some smart-aleck comment on how poor his skills were when I remembered he was working with only nine digits. 
Joseph caught me looking at his missing thumb.
"It's just motivation  now," he said with a dry grin. "The plan is simple. We get a camera of some kind into the chamber just as the Cabal's leaders are huddled around and chanting as some beautiful woman is consigned to the void for God knows what ridiculous reason. We make sure that for that brief time - 30 seconds, a minute, not long - we can overcome their security and the security of the rest of the networks so that everyone who is using a device connected to the web at that very moment sees it live in real time. Odds are high that we'll all be killed as we try to escape, but as long as the signal gets out people will know the truth. And we'll have the Cabal torn apart in a matter of hours. You know how fast the world moves now, especially the stock markets, don't you, rich boy?"
I couldn't help but notice the derision he still held in his tone for me when he called me rich boy. Would he ever respect me? Could I ever move past my opulent upbringing in his eyes? Could he ever move past his yokel revolutionary spiels in mine?
We stared at each other for a few long minutes. The loud click-clack of Smith reloading his revolver broke the tension. 
"Adrien's father may work for Inferno Industries but that doesn't make him part of the Cabal," Smith said with finality. "I did some of my own checking on the boy before we met at Grand Central Station. It seems like a lifetime ago, but now that the possibility of us making it back to New York City is closer than it has been in a while I figured all of you Nameless should know. Adrien and his father are who they say they are."
Rosita nodded. Smith's proclamation was good enough for her. She beckoned her little brother out of the hut. We stopped for a moment and paid our respects to Carsoon, who was now in repose in the center of the village. An old woman ran up to me, her eyes filled with emotion. But, contrary to what I was expecting, they were not filled with sadness, exactly.
She grabbed me by the shoulders and peered into my eyes with a stare that was far beyond 1,000 yards. Was she becoming the new shaman right before us? She spoke to me in her native tongue and pointed to the heavens and her own heart before spreading her arms wide encompassing the entire village. 
I shook my head no to tell her I didn't understand what she was saying, but Joseph leaned over and translated.
"She says, part of you is now part of the tribe and that the tribe is also inside you now," he said. "She says the heavens are filled with life again because of you and that you must succeed in your quest to bring fire from the heavens. She also says, you will never again come to this village."
I finally tore my eyes away from her gaze and blinked. 
"Is it a good thing that the heavens are filled with fire?" I asked to no one in particular. "And that I'll never again return to the village?"
"Well," Smith snorted as he headed down the trail. "Dead men typically are the ones that never return, too."
We walked along the now rain-soaked trail for a few minutes in silence. Rosita studied the map to the Cabal's pyramid on her tablet. She and Joseph spoke in Spanish every so often. 
Finally, she slowed a bit and began walking beside me and just behind Smith as her brother led the way back to the Nameless camp. 
"Here is the plan," she began, pointing to the image on the screen. "The Nameless have about 30 fighting men and women of any worth. We are mostly women who do not fight and children. But those 30 will be enough. They must be. Joseph will lead a small force of ten to infiltrate the pyramid. He has studied the layout of many of the ancient buildings in this rain forest and is perhaps more familiar with them than anyone in this jungle today. I will lead 20 of our best fighters on a mission to harry and distract the Cabal's main security forces. Our intelligence over the years has shown that most days there is a skeleton crew of guards and soldiers watching over the pyramid. They seem to rely more on the secrecy of its location for protection than actual brute force."
I smiled. "That's great news for us, then, since we know where they are now, right?"
Rosita patted me on the head - not unlike a mother patting her child on the head when he asks a stupid question. I didn't like it one bit.
"Unfortunately," she continued, "We have noticed that when the moon cycle reaches the time when they are to perform one of their rituals the security increases by perhaps 100-fold. So, tomorrow night there'll be a small army protecting the pyramid."
Of course, the one time we have a good lead on how to rescue my dad and April and that's the time they have the largest security force ever at the pyramid. 
"So, while Joseph is infiltrating to try and get the incriminating evidence on the Cabal, and you're leading the distraction crew, Smith and I are going to rescue my dad and April, right?" I asked hopefully. 
Rosita minimized the map of the pyramid's location and brought up a different ancient drawing. It was a rudimentary layout of the inside of the pyramid.
"Provided the Cabal follows the traditional layout, the area for holding prisoners - and torture - will be here," she pointed to a lower level of the pyramid. "This should be where they're holding your father and - " she choked a bit "Your fiancé."
The recollection nearly knocked me over. I was engaged to be married. And April was likely in a struggle for her very life and I had been philandering with Rosita - toying with the idea of leaving April once we made it back to New York and making a life with the Latin fireball beside me. I looked Rosita up and down again, but not to check her out. It was more to take stock of her. Here she was, planning an assault that would likely kill hundreds of enemies and many of the men who trusted her - and she was doing it with all the confidence and seasoned wisdom of a tactical genius and career military officers. 
This woman wasn't just gorgeous and passionate, she was deadly. She had startling good aim with the rifles and pistols I'd seen her fire and seemed fearless. And me? I was a, well, a rich boy just as Joseph had categorized me. What was I thinking even considering a romance with a woman like this?
"Yes," was all I could eke out after Rosita gave Smith and me our marching orders. The old detective looked back at us over his shoulder. 
"It's a crazy plan," he said. "Especially when all your soldiers are just a ragtag group with little to no formal training in combat and - no offense - a marked handicap when it comes to firearm use what with the missing thumbs."
Rosita closed the cover on her tablet and walked a little faster to move beside Smith. 
"We will manage, Mr. Smith," she said, her tone turning more icy than fiery now. "Those missing fingers are what give us the righteous fury we need to kill the Cabal and all it stands for. We do not fear our deaths in this mission. They've already taken our names and our lives...we are soldiers with nothing left to lose. Would you want to oppose us?"
Smith raised his eyebrows as Rosita tore off down the trail and burst out of the foliage into the Nameless camp.
"Adrien, if we survive this, you're going to pay me enough to retire," he said. "But I'm not going to retire to anywhere tropical. I think I've had enough of jungles."











Chapter 18: Engagements
The Nameless flooded the center of their camp when Rosita and Joseph came running into the clearing. Smith and I trotted just behind with the rest of the party. 
Rosita shook hands and greeted her people. She was truly in her element leading them. I wondered if she had been destined to be a leader long ago and if her corporate career was just a sidetrack on her way to her best destiny. Before I could get lost in my thoughts for more than a few moments, she climbed up on a stump and proceeded to inform every one of the plan and what had transpired at the tribal village.
"I won't lie to you," she concluded. "This is going to be a mission from which many of us will not return. But we all know we died a long time ago at the hands of the Cabal." She held her hand upwards in the Nameless salute at this point in the speech and the crowd responded in kind. It struck me as so chilling that they were all using their missing thumbs in a sign of solidarity. The thing that was gone was what united them.
"Today we remind the Cabal that while they may have made us Nameless, they never made us helpless!" She yelled and the crowd roared in approval. She whipped them into a fighting frenzy and then they broke out into smaller groups as she and Joseph informed them all of the details. The frontal assault group and the infiltration group would approach the pyramid together at first as there was only one real pathway to the location. Once we were overlooking the structure on a rocky outcropping nearby we would split into three teams - with Smith and me being on our own. 
As weapons were handed out I grabbed a black beauty for myself, thinking I'd let Smith handle the slug thrower duty with his hand cannon.
"You sure you don't have any more of those ceramic bullets?" I asked him as we looked over his hand-drawn diagram of the pyramid. "With the shields I'm almost positive most of the Nameless troops are going to find their weapons useless against those soldiers."
Smith grunted. 
"Killing a bunch of Cabal soldiers isn't going to win the day, son," he said, taking the opportunity to teach me something again. "They just need to keep them tied up long enough for Joseph and the hackers with him to do their thing on exposing the Cabal. And hopefully long enough for us city slickers to get your loved ones and get the heck out of Dodge."
I shook my head, and then leaned over Smith's shoulder. He had outlined a small shaft in the pyramid's North face in red. 
"That's our way in," he said. "At the risk of sounding cliché', I think it is some kind of ventilation shaft."
"How do you know?" I said. 
Smith wiped his brow and a drop of sweat splatted onto the page next to some snake-god hieroglyphs he'd been recording and studying.
"Because in this stinking jungle, even big bad snakes need air-conditioning," he said with a laugh.
He grabbed a few more bullets and fitted them into cylinders in his trench coat pockets. 
"Speed loaders for the revolver," he said as I gazed at them quizzically. "A lot of guys used to say they were actually a waste of time, but I got used to them when I was on the police force for the NYPD back in - well, let's just say it was a lifetime ago, eh?"
Smith slammed six fresh bullets into his .44 and I checked the charge on my black beauty. Rosita came around the tree where we were leaning.
She was the picture of beautiful death. Her hair was pulled back into a tight braid, and she wore a bright red headband. On her hips were two pistols, a black beauty gun was shoved into the back of her waistband and she carried a rifle. Bands of bullets were draped across her chest making her look like a one woman arsenal. 
"So much for stealth," Smith said, then gave her a tight wolf-whistle. "There's something about a woman who knows her way around a gun."
"They really don't make them like you any more, Smith," I laughed. Rosita flashed us a grin and cocked the rifle.
"Let's get to it, night will fall on us as we trek through the jungle," she said.
We set off, moving in as tight a formation as we could manage seeing as we were mostly civilians and the jungle was never keen to let people just walk through it. We journeyed through the rest of dusk and just as the stars became visible in the sky we reached the rocky outcropping overlooking the pyramid.
The structure was massive, maybe larger than the one at Giza, but obscured by the jungle trees growing around it. I blinked several times to help my eyes adjust to the lower level of light now, but the pyramid still seemed to loom in darkness.
"It's so black," I said to no one in particular. Rosita raised a pair of binoculars and scoped out the edges of the dark shape.
I reached down and grabbed my binoculars, peering into the increasingly dark night.
Smith whispered into my ear, "Are you sure you shouldn't have left those at home? What if we fail? The Cabal gets the data crystal and all of the information from the future."
"First of all, after all we've been through to get these binoculars back, I'm not sure I'm ever letting them out of my sight again," I said, gripping them tightly. "And second, I thought you were the guy who still didn't believe in the time travel stuff."
Smith shrugged. "Yeah, you're probably right. Besides, we need a good pair of binoculars right now."
He reached over and grabbed them and began taking stock of the guards. They were hard to make out against the blackness of the pyramid as they, too, all wore black. And then I suddenly realized why the pyramid looked so dark. It was made of black stone.
"Is it obsidian?" I asked Rosita as she came to the same conclusion. 
“It has to be," she said, clearly impressed. "I don't know how they've even done this, but that certainly helps disguise the pyramid."
Joseph nodded further down the line of soldiers that were sprawled on their bellies overlooking the pyramid. 
"Combine that with the Cabal's ability to control the satellites and the images they take, and I'd bet we're some of the only people on Earth who even know this pyramid is here," he said. "You'll never see it on a computer screen and you might even walk right by it if you found yourself in the jungle."
Moonlight flooded the clearing with the pyramid and it became very obvious why the Cabal had their secret ceremonies on a night when the moon was full. The white light beamed across the black surface. It shined - and yet it shined with blackness. It was resplendent and terrifying all at once. With that brief flash of brilliance, we saw several guards silhouetted against the surface of the pyramid. Their black uniforms didn't blend in so well when the moonlight hit the stones. 
Joseph held up a closed fist - minus the thumb and then flared his fingers signaling all the riflemen in the group to open fire on any Cabal target they could see. A clattering of shots rang out against the still night air like jaguars snarling and leaping toward their prey.
The Cabal guards were on duty, yes, but never in a million years would they suspect a frontal assault like the one Joseph and Rosita had planned. The guards didn't even have their shields on so about 12 of them went down in the first five seconds. But very quickly they powered them up and slug throwers became little more than annoyances to them.
A few Nameless troops unloaded with black beauties, but we had so few of them to go around it didn't make much of a difference. The guards sounded the alarm and Rosita stood up on the rock. She drew a long survival knife from one of her boots and gave the signal to charge. It was time to fight hand-to-hand in the jungle as more Cabal troops and vehicles rounded up and headed toward our position.
Joseph and his infiltration crew tore off in another direction as Rosita and the frontal assault group charged. I watched her bobbing braid and bright red bandana disappear into the foliage as she lunged at a Cabal trooper. He had been firing his weapon at a different soldier and didn't live long enough to learn ignoring Rosita was a mistake. She buried her knife in his chest all the way up to the hilt. Blood sprayed out of him splattering across her face and chest. 
She whirled to her right and stabbed another Cabal trooper. For the moment, the Nameless seemed to be getting the better of them. The Cabal guards even withdrew for a bit. Small bursts of gunfire and gleaming knife play spread all across the jungle clearing in front of Smith and me. 
The old detective opened his mouth to say something to me - and the world stopped spinning.
I was flying through the air, my face full of dirt and dust and my lungs empty of air. I remembered what it felt like when the grenade had gone off near me and sent me hurtling into a tree during the first time I was in a firefight with the Cabal forces. This felt even worse. I slammed into the ground with amazing force. My arms and legs turned to jelly as I rolled helplessly down the hill toward the fighting in the clearing. I landed face first in a pile of bodies - some Cabal and some Nameless. I lost all track of where I was. It was all I could do to will myself to inhale. I rolled over, gasping for air and hoped my hearing would return soon.
It came flooding back in faster than the last time I had been blown around a battlefield. I wryly noted that perhaps it was my body adapting to my new lot in life - from rich boy to target dummy. It was not a career trajectory I liked.
And speaking of trajectories, I finally clued in to what was going on as I stared up at the night sky and saw fireballs streaking past. The Cabal was shelling the clearing with some kind of artillery. The Nameless had no hope of living through this shelling very long.
Smith leapt over me, grabbed me by the collar and dragged me away from the pile of bodies. We dove behind a tree stump for cover as the pile of corpses exploded behind us in a conflagration of unspent ammo and dead meat. 
"We have to get inside," Smith yelled. I barely heard him over the din of battle. The Nameless were hopelessly outgunned. That's when Rosita's red bandana popped into view again. She was about 200 yards away from where Smith and I huddled behind the stump, and she was pulling a Cabal soldier along behind her as she ran toward their lines. 
The Cabal's weapons were all keyed to their specific DNA, like most modern guns, so only they could fire them. Rosita must have known this because she had kept the guy barely alive. As his blood streamed out of his throat, he tried in vain to radio his predicament to the central command to shut off his sidearm. She dragged him along beside her, using his own thumb to repeatedly gun down other Cabal soldiers with his black beauty.
"Smith, look," I said. "Rosita's using his thumb against the Cabal! It's so..."
"Yeah, yeah, we can discuss imagery later, Hemingway, let's move!" he yelled.
We ran down to the base of the north face of the pyramid. The moon was moving into position - so its light would illuminate what we thought was the sacrificial chamber. We had to hurry.
Smith pulled me into the ventilation shaft and we tried not to grunt too loudly as we shimmied our way into the pyramid. After a few minutes of sliding down the tunnel, we found our first opening. It did indeed look down onto a ceremonial chamber of sorts. Arrayed around a central altar were some of the most important politicians in the world. And there were plenty of other people dressed in black robes that I didn't recognize. 
For the moment the altar was empty. But various people milled around sharpening crazy daggers and lighting black candles. It was like something out of a cheesy horror flick from the 2020s. But it was slightly more terrifying because it was real.
We piled down the shaft a few more minutes and came to another opening. And then I saw her. 
April was leaning against a wall in a cage in this room, while my dad was tied to a chair and gagged. They were both still alive.









Chapter 19: It's Over
I lunged forward, heading toward the opening and planning to drop right down into the cage with April and dad. Smith grabbed me at the last second, put his finger to his lips warning me to be quiet and pointed to two guards standing by the door to the cage, just below us.
Every few seconds April would pace in the cage - her purple pigtails bobbing up and down - and the guard's radios would crackle with signal. We could hear the Cabal's master control giving a play-by-play of the battle outside. 
The Nameless were dropping in number. But Rosita was still making an impression as I heard more than one commander curse at the one in the red bandana.
Suddenly a cataclysmic explosion rocked the entire pyramid. The guards' radios went dead for a moment and then crackled back to life. The Nameless troops under Joseph's command had infiltrated the pyramid and blown up their armory. One of the guards dashed off into the hallway, out of sight, leaving just one guard between me and rescuing my dad and April.
Smith sensed it, too, now was our moment to act. He dropped out of the shaft and tackled the guard, knocking him out with just one punch before he could radio for help. I dropped and rolled into the cage. 
April whirled to face me and was genuinely shocked.
"Adrien!?!" She shrieked and then ran toward me. "OMG! I can't believe you're here!"
She kissed me square on the lips. Incredibly, even out here in the jungle, her lips still tasted like the green apple lip gloss she always wore. She pulled back and I saw that her lips were in fact still shimmering green. And she had on her eye makeup, too, just the way I always liked it.
She jumped up and wrapped her legs around my waist. I'd forgotten how tiny she was. Her purple and white striped socks ran up to her upper thighs, clearly visible in her short purple skirt. I ran my fingers through her purple hair as she kissed me over and over.
"Oh sweetie!" she said. "I've missed you so much. It's been horrible! How did you ever find us?"
I tried to answer her as she continued to shower me with kisses. Smith sighed on the outside of the cage. Pulling the keys from the guard he opened the door and stood in the doorway. 
"Ugh, kids, you think we could save the make-out session until we get out of the evil pyramid of doom here?" he said.
"April," I managed to squeak in a sentence between kisses. "Let me untie dad and I'll explain it all later."
April jumped down and twirled to see Smith.
"Whoa!" she said. "Who's this crazy guy?"
She was acting a bit more ditzy than usual but I had to run over to see if dad was okay. I reached around the back of the chair and untied his hands and then, just as I removed his gag there was a flash of light right behind me.
"Son!" dad yelled. "It's a..."
A bolt of energy from a black beauty hit him square in the face before he could finish his sentence. I crouched and spun around reaching for my own black beauty - only to find it wasn't there.
It was in April's hand. She'd blasted Smith and my dad.
"April, what?" I stammered. "What are you doing?"
She smiled and twirled the gun around her finger. And then she laughed. She laughed with such arrogance as she looked at me. 
"You idiot!" She finally said and I felt color rush to my face. She pointed at the binoculars on my neck. "I can't believe it. Even after all these years working you over, and honestly being amazed at your colossal stupidity, I never thought you'd actually bring those binoculars right to us."
Realization began to dawn on me, but all I could manage was to weakly reply, "Us?"
She pointed the gun directly at me, all trace of her sex kitten personality completely gone. She reached up and undid the pigtails.
"Ah, that feels so much better," she said, her voice slightly deeper than I'd ever heard it. "Now, let's be honest, Adrien 'sweetie' why would a girl who looks like this ever be into a loser like you, hmmm? Think back on the time we met and the way we spent time together. I was EVERYTHING a guy like you could ever dream about. Real girls hate this - this nonsense!"
She tossed the hair bands aside and flung off some of the oversized skull rings she always wore. Then she ripped off the charm necklace I had given her and tossed the beads across the cage. They clattered against the cage door as I watched them spill onto the floor, roll across the stones and pour down an ancient drain. I stole a glance at Smith but he was still out cold. Dad on the other hand was groggily coming to.
"I was a distraction for you," she said, now with her real voice. She wasn't a college student. She was older - much older. "An agent of the Cabal sent to get the secret of the FTL drive from your father in any way I could. Oh but Dr. Faulk was way too devoted to that shrew of a wife. I tried for months to seduce him but nothing worked. And forget about hacking the records. The security your dad and his partners came up with was the best we've ever seen."
I shrank back onto the floor beside dad's chair. 
"So you decided to seduce me instead," I finished the scheme for her. "And after we were married you hoped that dad would reveal the secret to his son and new daughter-in-law."
"And why not?" she cackled. "We were Sooooo in love surely it was meant to be forever."
My world shattered. 
"Don't be too hard on yourself, darling," she said, continuing to mock me. "I mean, I was custom made for you. You had no chance of resisting me. In fact, you probably still don't."
She took a few steps forward and aimed the black beauty at my forehead. I could see the charge indicator on it was almost at full capacity again.
"Wait, if you kill me, you'll never know the secret of the FTL drive," I said. "I'm the only one who knows how to access my dad's files on it."
"Hah!" she laughed. "A nice try Adrien, but we actually don't need to access those files any more. We brought your father here to the pyramid so we could access it directly from his thumb implant - using our own private secure network and away from any security measures he has stored on the Internet. Honestly, I don't know why my commanders didn't think of that sooner. I realized months ago that you knew little about your father's work and cared about it even less. I said we should have kidnapped your father and killed you ages ago. But, the Cabal's leaders said everything had to happen 'in the fullness of time' whatever that mystic mumbo jumbo means."
April raised the gun up again, and flicked it to full power. It whined with power as it was at full charge. A shot at this close range would surely kill me.
"So, any last words, dear?" she said.
"How about 'boom'?" Smith said.
April and both looked toward the cage door just in time to see Smith pulling the pin on a grenade. He lofted it toward her like a lazy curveball. She lowered the gun and caught it easily.
I took the opportunity to dive at April's legs, knocking her off balance. She dropped the grenade and it rolled across the cage floor. April gave me a swift kick to the face and I sprawled back across the cage floor.
Smith sprang into action and tackled her again. The grenade rolled across the floor and wedged itself into the ancient drain. Smith put April in a chokehold and liberated the black beauty from her.
"I can't believe you had a dummy grenade on you just in case you needed a distraction," I said as I stood and dusted myself off. Dad came to and finally stood out of his chair.
"Eh, I have some bad news," Smith said with a sharp inhale. "I didn't"
The grenade went off before dad or I could say anything. Being halfway buried in the ancient drain meant we didn't take the full force of its explosion but it shattered the floor of the room. Rocks and crushed obsidian bricks went everywhere and the cage gave way. We tumbled down into darkness as the floor of the pyramid and the ground upon which it had been built gave way.
As I scrambled to stay on top of some shards of rock, I saw the body of the unconscious guard slide past me. I grabbed his belt and rode down the cascade of stone and brick using him like a human surfboard. A few seconds into it he came to and met a grizzly death thanks to a face full of obsidian spikes. 
The debris gave way to a massive underground cavern and we finally stopped falling with a sickening thud. The dust cleared and my eyes adjusted to the light. I could hardly see a thing. I fumbled for a flashlight and remembered I did still have my smartphone. I powered it on and its tiny screen illuminated the cave just barely. 
I glanced around and saw that it wasn't man-made. The cave had been carved out of the rock by water or some other natural phenomenon - the sides of the walls were too smooth for it to have been dug by artificial means. 
And all around me were nodules of naturally growing black rock. They were incredibly smooth and perfectly rounded - almost like oblong, jet-black pills about the size of my fist. 
I reached out to touch one and stroked its cold surface. It felt perfectly smooth - almost frictionless - and I was overcome with a sense that these rocks were incredibly powerful and important. They were the same color as the pyramid - perhaps it wasn't made of obsidian, but from these?
A clump of moss growing on the regular rock wall beside me started to glow. It appeared to be absorbing the light from my phone. I shut off the handset and watched as the greenish glow from the moss spread to another clump beside it, and then another and another. I turned around and saw the greenish hue spreading across the massive underground cave. As far as the eye could see, the cave lit up with the greenish glowing moss each surrounded by more nodules of those black pill-shaped rocks.
Dad stood up beside me, dusting himself off. 
"Adrien," he said at last. "I'm relieved to see you. Thanks for rescuing me. Now, what have you found?"
Smith came barreling out of the rocks beside us as well. 
"Still alive, thanks for asking," he said while fixing his fedora. "What's all the fuss..."
Smith stopped mid-sentence as he took in the glowing moss and black rocks. 
"I guess now we know why the ancients built this pyramid on this spot, eh?" he said. 
A blast from a black beauty broke our moment of awe as April opened fire from a few yards away. She had also survived the collapse. I grabbed dad and we dove behind some moss. Smith took refuge behind a clump of the black rocks.
"Give it up, Faulks!" April yelled behind her own clump of black rocks. "We already have the secret of the FTL drive downloaded from Dr. Faulk's thumb implant. It's only a matter of time before we crack the security. I'm offering you one chance to surrender and join us or I'll kill you both right now."
"And what about Mr. Smith?" my dad asked. "Will you promise not to harm him?"
"Dad!" I whispered hoarsely, "What are you doing?"
"Of course, he will be a guest of the Cabal and no harm will come to him," April said. "What do you say Mr. Smith?"
Smith's answer was to shower her position with bullets, cracking and powdering some of the black rocks she was hiding behind.
April returned fire with the black beauty and also hit the rocks Smith was using for cover.
And then something happened that changed the world forever. The electricity crackled across the stones for a few moments and dissipated just as you would expect. Then, the rocks buzzed with energy and the electricity arced back to life. The sparks jumped back and forth across the rocky clump, building power each time it arced across the face of the black rocks. The stones seemed to act as some kind of natural capacitors and before long they were positively glowing with energy. They went from black, to orange to red hot with power before the charge finally exhausted itself.
I glanced at the moss again and saw it was actually feeding off energy in the rocks - absorbed not from the light in my smartphone but the battery itself. The charge indicator on my smartphone showed that it was visibly losing power as the rocks absorbed the electricity through the air.
"Adrien, this is it, the power source for my engine!" Dad said with disbelief.
"Well, I guess we don't need you two anymore," April said and fired another round at us. She missed horribly, but I soon realized she just wanted us to get down. She launched a grappling hook she'd had hidden somewhere at the hole in the roof of the cavern and winched her way up with a rock in hand. I heard her dash off into the halls of the pyramid.
"It doesn't matter," my dad said as we looked up after her. "We know the secret and we have the fuel. All we have to do is analyze what these rocks are made of and synthesize it and we'll beat the Cabal to the punch. They won't have a monopoly on spaceflight. Mankind will be free to travel the stars. Nothing can stop us now!"
With a snap and a hiss, blackness suddenly enveloped my father. The light from the glowing moss was wearing off, but I could still make out the horrible black gloved hands that gripped my father's throat.
Eduardo had found us somehow and was now squeezing the life out of my dad just as he had my mother.
"I'm sorry, Dr. Faulk, but this can never be!" Eduardo grabbed my dad in one hand and climbed back up the sheer rock wall to escape through the hole in the cave with the other. 

 








Chapter 20: Out
Smith began grabbing in vain at the sheer rock wall trying desperately to climb after Eduardo and dad. I moved to help him when incredibly, my smartphone started vibrating. A call? Really? Inside an ancient underground cavern beneath a mystical pyramid in the rainforest?
This had to be the best network ever.
I grabbed the phone just as it lit up and unlocked the screen. Displayed before me and I assume the rest of the world the leaders of the Cabal - the most powerful politicians and businessmen on Earth - participating in a pagan ritual of human sacrifice. They chanted in some foreign tongue and all pantomimed being choked by giant black pythons. Live snakes crawled across the scantily clad body of a young woman, shrieking in terror on the stone altar. Seconds before some priest plunged a knife into her heart, Joseph and his freedom fighters stormed the room unloading on the cultists. Joseph himself jumped in front of the camera as the signal flickered.
"This is the truth," he screamed. "Your leaders are monsters and fanatics. Boycott their companies, resist their schemes, stand up mankind - we are the Nameless, and we are not forgotten!"
A knife burst forth from Joseph's chest. A cultist stabbed him in the back, just as the feed went dark. 
"Well, people know now," Smith said. "Maybe your father's death won't be in vain. The Cabal will fall eventually now - and they won't conquer space."
"Smith, we can't give up," I heard myself say, despite my own sense of dread. "We know how to travel through space faster than light now. There's no way I'm going to die in this cave today."
I dug around more and found the body of the guard I had used to surf the rocks. Sure enough, he had a rope in his supply pack.
"Will this work?" I asked Smith. 
"Well, it's mainly for restraining people, but in a pinch..." He fashioned a lasso out of it and gave a mighty heave to catch onto a piece of the floor still jutting out from the collapsed cage. We climbed to freedom and made our way cautiously into the hallway. We soon realized caution was unnecessary. The pyramid was a scene of pandemonium. Joseph and his infiltration team were dead, but their mission had been an incredible success.
I grabbed my smartphone and checked the net. Stocks associated with companies led by members of the Cabal were plummeting already. Major news networks were reporting that the whole human sacrifice thing had been an elaborate hoax by extremists, but people didn't seem to be buying the spin. The social networks were on fire with talk of revolution. And inside the pyramid the leaders of the Cabal were in full-on panic mode. 
Cabal soldiers began throwing down their arms - some had not been aware of their master's true nature. A guard ran past us, dropping his guns and gear so he could flee faster as two Nameless soldiers fired shots and chased after him. No one seemed to notice Smith and me as the pyramid became embroiled in the absolute chaos of a pitched battle. The fighting was now happening up and down all the corridors.
Grenades and explosions rocked the ancient pyramid every few seconds. Smith grabbed the Cabal guard's discarded radio and listened in on all frequencies. Orders of retreat were being yelled and countermanded constantly. Then, we heard a familiar voice.
"To all Cabal soldiers who wish to surrender, we will gladly show you the same courtesy you showed us all those years ago!" Rosita yelled into the open channel. "It is a day of reckoning, capitalist pigs!" 
"Sounds like Rosita is still kicking," Smith said. "Ouch!"
A spark from the broken radio crackled across his thumb. Just under the surface of the skin, his implant began to glow faintly. 
"Smith, your hand," I said. 
"Ah, it's nothing. You know, that's actually happened to me a couple of times before. This dang implant hasn't ever really worked right since I got it installed years ago. I guess I should think about taking it out now, huh?" Smith said.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Eduardo limping down the hallway with my father in tow. The cyber-assassin had taken a few rounds to his stumpy left leg and wasn't moving as fast or as snake-like as he once did. Dad was struggling mightily, but still had no hope of escaping that vice-like grip. As I was about to ask why Eduardo hadn't killed dad already, more shots rang out down the hallway and I saw why. We were caught in a cross fire between Nameless soldiers and Cabal hold-outs.
Smith fired three shots from his revolver in the direction of the Cabal guards and we bolted down the hallway. It led us directly outside, to a small platform at an opening on the North face of the pyramid.
I glanced upwards and saw Eduardo scaling the pyramid with my dad's now limp body trailing along behind him. Smith gave chase right away and began climbing in pursuit. I looked around for a good handhold so I could climb toward the top, too, hoping that dad was still alive. 
But all I found was the barrel of April's black beauty. 
"You little punk!" she said, as she slammed the butt of the gun across my face. I stumbled and nearly fell off the side of the pyramid. We weren't at the top, by any means, but a fall from this height across the black stone steps would still be pretty lethal. 
"We were supposed to be gods...GODS!" April continued to rant. And then, she kissed me square on the mouth again. Her make-up was smudged, and she looked like a deranged clown. "And now you and your little freedom fighters have given us quite the roadblock."
"Roadblock?" I replied, incredulously. "Look around, babe, the Cabal is finished. The stocks of your companies are collapsing and revolution is spreading around the world."
"HAH!" April laughed and kicked me in the stomach. "Those idiots are sheep. They'll do what we tell them to do again soon enough. In a few weeks we'll have all this reported as a crazy hoax, or local uprising. We have the FTL drive schematics and the fuel source now. I'd say, 'you'll see' at this point, but you won't!"
She pushed the barrel of the black beauty right up against my temple this time and flicked off the safety. 
"I knew I'd be the one to kill you," she whispered in my ear. "Because you're too much of a wimp to fight back. But before you go I want you to know - all those times we were together? I faked it."
She cackled.
"It's too bad you'll die without ever having really known a woman," she said.
My death was at hand. But this time, I didn't close my eyes to wait for it. I looked up at the sky - eyes wide open - ready to embrace eternity. I saw a flash of lightning and then a flash of red bandana.
"He already has, you bitch!" Rosita screamed and punched April right in the stomach. I grabbed the black beauty from April's hand as she doubled over in pain. The lighting struck again and the clouds burst as a rainstorm broke over the pyramid.
April opened her mouth but no sound came. She gasped for air and Rosita gave her a roundhouse kick sending her tumbling off the side of the pyramid.
I watched her body bounce off the sides of the stone steps twice before she disappeared into the inky blackness of the rainforest.
"No more dream girl, Adrien," Rosita said. "Think you can handle just a real woman?"
"I can't wait to try," I said and kissed her as the torrents of rain ran down the sides of the pyramid.
I shielded my eyes and looked up at the top of the pyramid. Eduardo had reached the summit, another flat platform, and seconds later Smith stood beside him. The old detective pulled out his pistol. I saw his lips moving but we were too far away - and the storm too loud - to make out what he was saying.
Eduardo held up my dad's limp body and then casually tossed him over the side. I braced myself against the stone steps and caught dad just in time as he fell past us. I laid him down carefully on the platform just inside the doorway out of the rain. He was still breathing, but just barely. Rosita pulled a first aid kit from her ragged pack and tried to help him.
"Go, see to Smith," she said. "I'll radio for help."
I started climbing the pyramid as best I could, but the ancient slick stone was made even more treacherous with the rain storm.
I glanced upward again. 
Smith was still aiming his gun at Eduardo. The man in black was speaking now, but again, I had no idea what he was saying. Finally, the din of battle and the noise of the storm subsided enough for me to hear Smith's response.
"It's not my fight, Eduardo," he said. "Whatever just cause you think you had, you killed Adrien's mother and a whole lot of other people. I don't believe in summary executions so just surrender and we'll take you back to the city to stand trial."
Eduardo scoffed. 
"You think I am weakened from the fighting, old man?" he said. "I can still snap you like a twig. And I know something you do not."
"What's that?" Smith replied.
"You're out of bullets in that gun of yours," Eduardo said. "And you can't hope to reload fast enough to kill me before I strangle the life out of you."
The world seemed to slip into slow motion. I climbed as best I could. Eduardo sprung forward like a coiled viper ready to strike Smith. And Smith pulled out his final speed loader jamming six new bullets into the gun. 
Eduardo's hands closed around Smith's throat. My feet slipped and I clung to the side of the pyramid for dear life as Smith's hand cannon exploded into a hail of bullets - all at once.
Eduardo's massive torso seemed to just consume the shots Smith fired at him. It had almost no discernible effect on the man, if he was a man. Eduardo squeezed Smith’s throat even harder.
"Game over, old man!" Eduardo gurgled. Blood trickled out of his mouth and more chunks of metal spilled from his throat. Perhaps Smith's rounds had found a mark after all. 
"Oh no," Smith choked out. "I still have one more play."
He jammed his implant thumb into Eduardo's right eye. Sparks flew as Smith crushed what I now saw was an optical implant. He tore off Eduardo's mask revealing a hideous face that was more machine than human. Exposed wires and blinking lights covered Eduardo's head. 
Smith's implant thumb glowed white hot with feedback from all of the other technology around it. 
Smith glanced at the sky and with a guttural grunt forced himself to stand. Eduardo, visibly weakened, coiled around him and applied his last ounces of strength to the choke hold he had on Smith.
The man-out-of-time old-school detective and the cybernetic future assassin were locked in a death coil.
Smith looked up at the heavens as the rain poured down. Eduardo cranked back on Smith's neck.
"Oh no, gringo, God will not save you today," he said.
"He won't save you either," Smith replied. He thrust his glowing implant thumb towards the sky as it pulsed with power. Then he looked at me, and winked.
A bolt of lightning pierced the clouds and struck the exact spot where the two men were fighting - as if it were lured there by Smith's implant. The electricity rolled across both men for a split second.
And then they were gone. 
"Smith!" I screamed. "Smith, no!"
I clamored to the top of the pyramid as fast as I could climb. It was still a pitiful rate of speed. Finally, I reached the top, but all that was left was an ashen scorch mark on the platform.
I stood as the rain ran over me. I let it wash across my face and stretched my hands toward the sky. My tears and the rain intermingled and poured down my cheeks, my neck, my body and finally off the pyramid itself. 
He was gone. And I don't think we'll ever see his like again. Rosita arrived to stand beside me. We surveyed the rain-soaked battlefield below. The Nameless were rounding up the last of the Cabal troops that wished to fight and were subduing the prisoners.
We had won. But it felt like we had lost so much. 
"Your father is okay," she said. "We should go inside. It's a whole new world now. The fight with the Cabal is over here, but the real struggle - to remove them from power forever - has just begun."
The rain subsided. The clouds broke over the pyramid and I saw the sun rising. We had fought all night. I was exhausted. The rays of the sun struck the side of the pyramid and I saw where explosions during the fight had blown away large chunks of the black outer stone. Underneath, other hieroglyphs were carved, not of snakes, but of stars. And they glowed like gold in the light of the dawn.











Epilogue: Six months later
Adrien Faulk leaned back in his chair and watched the monitors at Inferno Industries headquarters in New York City. All the data he was watching was preliminary, of course, but every indication showed that the Phoenix - mankind's first spacecraft capable of traveling faster than the speed of light - had made history by doing just that.
"Dad," Adrien said into the vidphone on his desk "We did it!"
"You did it, son," Dr. Faulk replied from his office in Australia. "Your incredible spirit and perseverance led us to this moment. Without your discovery of the shalenite rocks we'd never have the fuel we need to produce the amount of power it takes to go faster than the speed of light!"
Adrien stroked his chin thoughtfully. He glanced at the picture of his late mother and an old newspaper photo he'd found of his late detective friend, John Smith. 
"We'll dedicate it all to their memory, son," Dr. Faulk said as he watched Adrien's eyes mist up. 
"Yeah," Adrien replied. "We'd better make sure we can start dedicating a new effort to their memories, too, dad."
Dr. Faulk pulled up a chart on his screen in Australia. 
"The effort to synthesize shalenite, you mean?" he said. 
"Exactly," Adrien replied. "According to my calculations, if the adoption rate for this new technology is even close to the normal one in recent times, we'll have burned through the supply of shalenite we found beneath the Cabal's pyramid in a little less than 20 years. That may sound like a long time, but when you set up a Mars colony or send people off to explore other solar systems, they kind of need to be able to continue traveling at high speed."
Dr. Faulk pushed a few buttons on his console. 
"No worries, Adrien, check out this file I'm sending you," he said.
Adrien read the message carefully.
"Dad, you've managed to translate the inscriptions on the rest of the Cabal pyramid already?" he asked.
"Well, I had some help from your lovely wife," Dr. Faulk replied with a grin.
Rosita Faulk walked around the table behind Adrien. 
"An expert in several languages and a beautiful mother to be," Adrien said, stroking his wife's belly. "So, what exactly does this thing say?"
Rosita pulled the graphic into a higher resolution viewer on Adrien's holographic display. 
"According to our translation there are plenty of other deposits of shalenite on Earth," she said. "The pyramid was one of the largest but the ancients also left behind a map showing others in underground caves like that one. There's one in Rome. Two in Jerusalem and one in Angkor Wat."
Adrien absent-mindedly grabbed the newspaper photo of Smith.
"They're all underneath man's oldest and most revered holy sites," Adrien said. "That's quite a mystery. And it will take serious effort to get people to agree to let us dig up the ground underneath the Dome of the Rock and the Vatican and..."
Rosita sat in Adrien's lap.
"You worry too much, rich boy," she said with a beautiful smile. "I'm sure you'll find a way. Your future looks very bright."


Thank you for reading! Check out the sequel to Rule of Thumb : Empire of Fire.

For the latest on the series, check out www.writegreatscott.com and please give the book a review on Amazon.com or Goodreads.com!
