Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
About the Author & Other Published Works
Dear Readers

The Chronicles of Riddick: Ghosts of Furya
S.M. Welles
Copyright 2013 
All rights reserved. 
This is a work of fan fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. Also, the Riddick character is the sole character not created by the author. Proper credit belongs to David Twohy and all other original creators of the Riddick universe.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

1.
Furya’s jungle acted like a moist sponge under First Sergeant Jade Waters’ combat boots as she and her squad hiked towards the nearest native community hours away. The jungle could pass for the Amazon rainforest. It flaunted massive trees, fog drifting along the chattering canopy, vibrant birdlife flashing among the vines and branches, and poisonous and sharp obstacles hindering their every step. Frogs, spiders, snakes, ants--all of that. And some plants might as well have had daggers for leaves, as her squad member Sergeant Pond found out the hard way. He now had a forearm bandaged just from brushing up against a plant that had fronds splayed like an Asian fan, pink flowers on the end, their petals also sharp. Thankfully the plant wasn’t poisonous but now Pond had the nickname “Flower Boy” slapped on him. Making fun of him for getting owned by a little pink flower would get old one year. Maybe...
Joking aside, Waters and the four others on her team, including Pond, had their sleeves unrolled, safety glasses on, and rifles in hand. They had a more pressing issue than sharp flora, and more imminently pressing than finding out if rumors were true that something strange had occurred when the Necromongers had assaulted Furya. 
Something big was stomping towards them from behind. Something really big--bigger-than-an-elephant big. The ground rumbled with the beasts loping strides. Four feet or paws, or hooves, or whatever. Impossible to tell with the soft jungle floor. To be quite honest, she wasn’t eager to satisfy her curiosity. Sadly, the more she didn’t want to know, the closer its tromping sounded and felt.
“Waters,” Pond, her team’s point, said, “There’s a clearing up ahead. Should we chance it?”
She spied the extra sunlight lancing to the jungle floor. It had to be a gap sizable to a two-lane road. Maybe it was a road. Her gut didn’t like the sight of it this many miles from the nearest Furyan civilization, which they’d purposely landed far from for safety’s sake. Still, being on an alien planet, how much could she rely on gut reactions? Everything about Furya felt like a threat, especially after hearing the rumors. “Let’s see what kind of clearing it is. If it’s manmade, we take it. If not, we keep away. We still don’t know if Stompy back there is hunting us or not.”
“Yes, ma’am.” His close-cropped black hair ducked under an arch of vines and leaves. Markham, the team’s tech specialist, ducked excessively low. Spark, the squad’s sharpest shooter and shortest member, walked upright under the arch. Kenner, the tallest and bulkiest Marine Waters had ever met, ducked low and twisted so one massive shoulder led the way. 
Waters ducked her head, then checked behind her from the other side of the arch. The thundering beast was still nowhere in sight, however she could make out distant trees and branches swaying and jerking to make room for it. The clearing seemed like a great idea so they could move faster, but a horrible one in the name of too much exposure. Fire or frying pan... tough call. The squad plodded forward.
The clearing turned out to be a wide animal path full of tracks of varying shapes and sizes. One set of four-toed tracks was big enough for three people to stand in the central imprint, and each rounded toe had a claw hole in front of it. The five Marines halted in a line parallel to the path, their rifles angled towards the ground.
“Well damn,” Spark said unhappily.
“At least they’re not t-rex tracks,” Markham said with a wry smile. He glanced up and down the path, then at the canopy, which was mercifully high up. The rest of the jungle felt so claustrophobic. Ample sun sparkled between the leaves a hundred feet in the air, which shone in patches on the tracks. “Feline? Canine? Something else?”
“Something we don’t have back on Earth,” Pond said.
“Thank you, Captain Obvious,” Markham said dryly.
Waters said, “Worry about it later. We need to keep moving.” She glanced back again. The waving branches and trees veered at an angle, making it hard to tell if the beast was getting closer or skirting around them. “Hold on. Kenner.” She waved him closer. He closed the gap and towered next to her. “Scope the trees. Which way is it going now?”
Kenner flipped an uneven pair of scopes over his safety glasses and began fiddling with buttons and dials on one side. His brows knit with concentration. “Might be trying to flank us. It’s moving in an arc to our position.” He lifted the scopes and looked at his handheld GPS. According to the device, Stompy would find the winding path if it stayed on the course it’d shifted to. “I don’t like this.”
Waters said, “Let’s sit tight and see where it goes. It’s not like we can’t kill it if it grows hostile towards us.” She unconsciously patted her high-powered rifle.
“Ma’am,” Markham said. He pointed to a huge tree just on the other side of the path. “It looks quite climbable.”
The tree was a candy cane of vines wrapping around a trunk as wide as a hummer. She nodded to them. “Climbing gear out.” Ground still shaking, the squad shouldered their rifles and donned climbing spikes that latched to their boots and gloves, then they gingerly drew their weapons so they wouldn’t get snared in the spikes. “Spark, keep an eye on Stompy. Markham and Kenner, cover our flanks. Pond, get us there.”
All four men barked compliance, then Pond looked both ways before cautiously stepping onto the path, his rifle leading the way with searching sweeps. The squad crossed in a tight diamond formation, their hasty steps light enough to change course on command. 
The openness gave Waters an adrenaline rush. As great as it was to have a break from all the claustrophobia, the openness made it feel like all eyes in the jungle had started looking their way as wildlife grew quieter. Goosebumps formed on her arms.
They made it to the gargantuan tree with Stompy still circumventing them. For all they knew, it was a gentle giant. Still, no point in taking chances.
Pond drew a machete and hacked away the sharp bushes skirting the tree, working with methodical urgency, but it didn’t feel fast enough. The beast’s strides were thumping as fast as Waters’ pounding heart. Once the trunk was clear and sporting a few nicks, Pond shouldered his rifle and shook out his hands. 
His bandage stood out as he reached for purchase, still tightly wrapped and free of bloodstains. The gel holding his gashes closed had done its job. But... could the smell of blood seep through all that? One drop enough to catch a predator’s attention? Then again, maybe blood didn’t matter. Waters sniffed an underarm and the smell of baby powder deodorant filled her nose. Oh, god. Had they left an alluring scent trail just by being alien to Furya? She bit back her desire to urge Pond to climb faster as she watched his careful movements.
Markham ascended second with Kenner right behind him. Spark hopped onto the tree after Kenner, and kept one hand near his rifle at all times. The sight brought Waters some comfort as she followed the sharpshooter up the trunk. She gave him a little extra space in case he needed to fire over her auburn head. 
The swishing of branches fell silent but the thundering ground continued without faltering. The beast must’ve found the path. Everyone checked below, but saw nothing and continued climbing a little faster. Waters tuned out the stomping and focused on the climb so her fingers wouldn’t stiffen with fright. Stompy was definitely getting closer, and he’d picked up the pace. Just great.
Sixty feet into the air, Pond climbed onto a branch as thick as one of Kenner’s massive legs. Markham shimmied past him, then sprawled out and aimed his rifle at the path. Kenner took the branch opposite them, Spark climbed a tier higher, and Waters stationed herself against the trunk on Kenner’s branch.
The five of them could hear themselves gasping for breath as all wildlife fell silent.
Spark exclaimed, “Hey, there’s a kid up here!”
Before Waters could look up, movement below drew her attention. It was the beast. Its steps made the trees vibrate and leaves shiver. Trusting Spark, Waters shouldered her rifle and clung to the trunk. The beast looked like a giant grizzly bear, but with a long, pointed snout, along with pointed ears that drew back along a head the size of a car.
Kenner said, “That’s one big-ass fucking bear.”
“That’s not a bear,” Pond said.
“No shit, Sherlock, but that’s what I’m calling it.”
“Shh!” Waters held up a fist, then whispered for them to be quiet.
Spark hoarsely whispered, “Pond, watch out!”
The tree vibrated with the small thud of a boy no more than fifteen landing in a crouch next to Markham. The boy had a tangled head of dark brown hair that fell past his lean shoulders, and wore patched-together animal hides protecting everything but his feet like a ragged, filthy toga with sleeves, the bottom halves of the sleeves missing. He’d used vines to tie down his getup around his forearms, waist, thighs, and underarms. The kid needed a bath real bad. Or new hides.
Pond said, “Kid, what are you doing up here?”
The kid leaned closer and narrowed his eyes, sniffed the air like a hound, then brought his nose closer to Pond’s bandage. He recoiled and bared his teeth, snarling.
“What? Crap happens.” Pond looked at the boy a second time, then at his bandage, and then at the bear beast. His eyes widened. “Oh, god. Waters, do you--?”
The kid shoved Pond, who fell headfirst off the branch. 
“Pond!” Waters screamed.
Pond hugged the trunk with his legs and swung like a pendulum. Laying against the branch, Markham scooted closer and held out a hand. Pond clasped it as the kid pushed at his legs. Pond and Markham yelled at him to stop, and Markham leveled his rifle at him. The kid ignored the gun and continued trying to push Pond to his death. 
Pond aimed a kick and swung with a grunt. The kid dropped onto the branch, clutching his groin. Markham helped hoist Pond up and behind him, then steadied his rifle with both hands. “What the hell’s your problem, kid?”
The tree shook violently, startling everyone. The bear beast stood on its hind legs with its front paws halfway up, and it stared at them, pointed ears pricked forward.
“That’s one big-ass trophy,” Spark said.
Waters said, “You’re not stinking up my ship with its head even if it could fit!”
Kenner said, “Just take a picture and a few fangs.”
“It’ll have to do,” Spark said solemnly.
“Will you open fire already?” Water said. “Everyone else save your ammo just in case.”
The bear reared back, then came down on the trunk with its multi-ton weight as Spark fired two armor-piercing shots. Everyone cried out as the tree swayed like a sapling in a hurricane. The bear turned its head and let out a deep roar that made Waters’ chest vibrate. Huge fangs filled its maw. Spark sent two more bullets down its throat, cutting the roar off. The tree swayed back but not quite upright and the bear reared and bashed the tree again. A series of wooden cracks sounding like exploding fireworks rang through the air. The tree swayed, stopped for a moment, then slowly resumed teetering as more roots cracked and snapped. The trunk rammed into another tree as its branches clawed through foliage, then twisted around its obstacle and gained momentum as it continued falling.
Waters glanced at the kid, who was watching the ground rush up to meet them. “Kenner, secure the Furyan kid.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Kenner jumped over Waters and latched onto the trunk like a squirrel. The kid gave him a cursory glance.
Waters jumped onto the relative safety of the trunk as well, then waved Markham and Pond over. Kenner held out a hand, but the kid only looked at it.
Markham yelled, “Move, kid!” He grabbed the kid under the shoulders and hefted him to Kenner, who clamped him to his chest. The kid struggled to break free, but fell still when Kenner barked at him to stop so loud that Waters flinched.
Kenner said, “God, this kid stinks.”
The tree was feeling pretty darn horizontal by the time Markham and Pond scrambled onto the trunk. The tree hit the ground with a deep boom. The rebound slapped everyone as if they’d belly flopped onto cement, and they would’ve gone airborne if it hadn’t been for their climbing gear. They bounced with the tree a few more times, then all of them lay still, groaning and panting.
Waters wanted to get up. The bear was still around. However, the wind had been knocked out of her and she’d clocked her head the first time the trunk hit the ground. She lay there and let the waves of pain pass, hoping the bear would give them at least a one-minute reprieve.
No dice.
The ground vibrating with loping thunder, the bear beast bore down on them with a deadly glare, blood dribbling from one beady eye.
Spark lurched to his feet and winced as he took aim from atop the trunk. He gritted his teeth, sucked in a deep breath, and his weapon stilled. Waters rolled onto her back and took aim as well. Together they let fly several rounds into the bear’s face.
The bear veered away and ground to a halt. It shook its massive head and pawed at its face.
The rest of the squad pushed to their feet, wincing as they clutched their chests or faces. Kenner held the Furyan kid in a headlock, who watched the bear with... interest. No fear; just interest. How many of these beasts had he come across in his lifetime?
Waters said, “Defensive formation around Kenner and the kid.” 
Markham said, “If it’s smart, it’ll think we’re too much work to make a meal of us.”
“We’ve shot it a dozen times and it hasn’t run off yet,” Spark said. “How smart do you think it is?”
“Touché.”
The bear perked its ears towards their voices. It turned on them and let out an angry roar that hurt their ears, then barreled forward.
Four of them fired round after round but it felt like they were shooting at a tank. All of them scattered right before the bear plowed through. It snapped at where they’d been standing and swiped with paws big enough to send a tank rolling, clipping Kenner and the kid. They went flying and disappeared into the brush.
“Kenner!” Waters yelled. She gave them three seconds to pop into view. “Pond, find and cover them!”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“The bear turned on Waters and came at her teeth first. She dived forward, somersaulted to her feet, and fired at the underside of its jaw. The bear backed up, stumbled over the fallen tree, and shook its head. Blood sprinkled everywhere. Spark fired more rounds and the bear continued to back off.
Pond said, “Waters, I found them!”
“Hold your fire!” The bear paused and Spark stopped firing. They needed something more effective to attack with. Waters pulled out a sticky frag from a belt pouch and held it up. “Boom time.” 
Spark grinned at her as he shouldered his rifle. 
“Markham, boom time. Get its right. I got its left. Spark, go for the throat.” It was a risky maneuver; however, the bear was bleeding pretty bad and clumsy in its movements. Spark radiated excitement as he stood between Waters and Markham, two frags in hand. “Fire in the hole!”
The bear turned on Waters and charged, jaws wide. Blood stained its fangs and red-tinted spittle hung from them like broken spider webs.
“Markham, now!” Waters said. They flanked the bear as it headed straight for Spark. One massive leg stomped within reach. Her arm sunk up to her elbow in rough fur before her frag glued itself to the bear. She ran off, bounding over branches, and took cover near the fallen tree.
Spark jumped and threw one frag like a sidearm pitcher, then spun midair and threw the other like a tennis player executing an underhand swing. He fell as his frags disappeared into the bear’s mouth, and then he disappeared under tromping paws. Waters’ stomach lurched.
Explosions erupted from the bear’s forelegs and inside its head. The bear flinched and its head jerked back. Fur, blood, guts, and bone fragments filled the air like an exploded piñata. Hopefully this carnage would divert future predators to this location, instead everywhere the squad went once they moved off. The bear lay still.
Chest tight, Waters ran to where she’d last seen Spark. Markham met her there, swiftly followed by Pond, Kenner, and the Furyan kid who was secured in a double arm lock. He was eyeing everyone’s rifles with a mix of awe and trepidation. Both he and Kenner looked blood-splattered but unharmed.
The ground was widely stamped flat and splattered with gore. They called out to Spark.
A groan came from near the fallen tree and a hand pushed through the flattened brush, no blood on the hand. Waters rushed over and pulled away vines and branches until he was able to sit up. Spark gasped for breath, yet assured everyone he was alright. He looked whole. Disheveled but whole. He just needed a moment to catch his breath and regain his bearings. Pond and Markham gave him slaps of approval on his back. Waters said, “Thank you, sir. That was an amazing act of bravery. You earned your trophy.”
“The whole head?” he said with a wry smile.
“Not a chance. Someone go get him his fang.” With exception of the kid, they all laughed that tension-releasing laugh that follows a moment of high stress. Pond ran off to the carcass.
Kenner stopped laughing. “How many times do I have to tell you to stop struggling, kid?” The Furyan tried to pull his arms free, but Kenner just bore pressure on his elbows, pushing them in the direction they weren’t supposed to bend. The kid stopped but kept his wary gaze on all of them. There was intelligence in those dark eyes, like he was gauging all of them for their strengths and weaknesses as he calculated how he was going to escape.
Waters experimentally aimed her rifle at the kid, who stiffened yet wore a glare. She lowered her weapon.
Markham said, “I don’t think he knows what to make of laughter. He probably doesn’t like the sight of so many teeth while being held captive.”
“So we’ve got ourselves a feral Furyan,” Kenner said unhappily. “Just great.”
“Maybe they’re all like this,” Pond yelled to them while pulling at a fang the size of his arm. “We just don’t know.”
“A bunch of barbarians survived a Necromonger invasion?” Spark said. “I don’t buy that. We skirted one of their beat-up civilizations. They have technology.”
“Maybe he’s just an outcast or an orphan,” Markham said. “What’s your name, kid?”
“I think we’ve already established that he doesn’t speak English,” Pond said. “Or any language for that matter.”
Waters said, “Kenner release him.”
“No disrespect, ma’am, but are you sure?”
She nodded. “He’s already figured out what our guns do. Just look at his eyes. They’ve got an intelligent look to them.”
Kenner let go of the kid’s arms and backed up a step. The kid stood in the middle of the squad and took in each of them. He studied the gaps between them as well. Spark got to his feet. Waters hefted her rifle but didn’t aim. The kid studied her again, making her feel like she was the first female he’d ever seen. She mentally winced. “Okay, we need to get back to the ship before we get surrounded by more bears and such. After that, we’re gonna chance flying right up to their civilization. This jungle’s just too damn dangerous. Pond, get back on point. I’ll carry the fang. Kenner, you’re in back with me. Everyone form up!” Waters marched up to the kid. “You’re coming with us whether you like it or not.” She pointed towards the animal path. “Start walking.” She was almost positive the kid didn’t understand a word any of them said, but there was an intelligence about him that gave her the feeling he’d catch on quick. On top of that, she felt better when barking out orders.

2.
The squad marched back with the Furyan kid guarded on all sides. He moved warily but at least he behaved--well, for the most part. He was constantly taking in his surroundings. Still planning his escape? Probably. Waters wasn’t surprised. If she were in his position with his culture and language barriers, how safe and trusting would she feel? There had to be a way to put him at ease.
Waters ordered Pond to switch places with her and told Spark to keep his stun gun at the ready. Both men complied. She walked beside the kid and made furtive eye contact. He broke away from his escape plot--or whatever was going on inside his head--and studied her with interest. Waters began to wonder if her being female would give her some leverage. She didn’t like it but executing a successful mission outranked keeping a cold distance between her and their only link to the rest of the Furyans.
She had a sudden vision of her subordinates teasing her if this played out like a Tarzan and Jane scenario, but an unwilling Jane with an underage Tarzan. Heck, she already had an oversized fang tied to her pack. She sighed.
The kid sighed back.
Waters looked at him again. Did he think that was her way of saying hello or something? “What’s your name, kid?”
“Whasser-eh, kid?” the Furyan said.
Waters halted. So did the rest of the squad. She probably should’ve expected the response but... “We can’t stop here. Keep moving.” She and her Marines fell back in-step, forcing the kid to continue with them.
“Keep moving,” he said in the same authoritative tone. The rest of her squad laughed.
Pond said, “Looks like Sarge has her own mimic bird.”
“Very funny,” she said dryly. The Furyan echoed her and the Marines laughed again.
“Ha ha ha,” the kid said, sounding unsure. He awkwardly imitated laughter again, which generated more laughter from the squad.
Pond said, “I think this is the first time he’s experienced laughter.”
“Probably,” Markham said. 
“Poor kid.”
The Furyan imitated laughter 	a third time, which made even Waters laugh. Everyone fell silent and the kid slipped into contemplation mode. He perked at every sound the forest made but would turn back to his thoughts right after, as if disappointed with what he heard. Maybe a minute into this repeated behavior, he perked up and stopped contemplating. “Ha ha ha.”
Waters smiled, and so did the rest of her squad.
The kid laughed again, which got a few laughs. He looked at all of them and kept imitating laughter every time they stopped. It was amusing at first, but soon something felt off about the situation. It was like he didn’t want there to be silence. He imitated laughter without any humor in his voice and looked at them expectantly. Waters had feeling he wasn’t doing this for his own amusement. 
And then she realized what was off. “Everyone quiet!”
The kid considered her a moment. “Ha ha ha.”
The men snickered.
“Shh!”
“Something wrong, ma’am?” Pond said.
“Listen.” They marched on, hearing only the swishing of their boots through the brush.
“I don’t hear anything,” Markham said.
“Exactly,” Waters said unhappily.
“Ha ha ha.”
Waters leveled her rifle at the kid. “Be. Quiet.” Respectful fear played across his dark eyes. He lowered his gaze and she slowly lowered her weapon.
“The forest fell silent when the bear got near,” Pond said.
“Right.”
“At least the ground isn’t shaking this time.”
“We just got outwitted by a kid,” Spark said, his voice dripping with humiliation.
“Yep,” Kenner said, sounding equally humiliated.
They continued in silence for a mile. Forest ruckus rose and fell, but overall stayed subdued. The kid sniffed the air and his demeanor suddenly changed from calm to energetic. “Rrr-d’ck!”
“What he say?” Kenner asked.
“Riddick?” Markham offered.
“More like arr-dick,” Pond said.
“Rrr-d’ck!” the kid said again.
“Animal call?” Markham said.
“Maybe he’s finally telling us his name,” Pond said. “Riddick.”
“Beats calling him ‘kid,’” Kenner said.
“Sounds fitting.”
Waters found herself agreeing. “Hey, Riddick. Be quiet.” She raised her rifle slightly for emphasis.
Riddick eyed the rifle, then sniffed the air and fell silent.
The hairs on the back of Waters’ neck stood on end. All her survival and combat training screamed that they were being watched. Hunted. “Everyone on high alert.” She aimed her rifle at the jungle and strained to catch a glimpse of movement independent of the flora. Spying nothing didn’t alleviate her fear. There was something out there nearby, something the kid had been trying attract. And he hadn’t been afraid of the bear... “Spark, keep an eye on Riddick.”
Riddick’s head turned ever so slightly. Spark spun around, rifle leading the way. A black beast the size of a tiger bowled him over before he could get a shot off, then it proceeded to knock the rest of the squad down. No one fired any shots; they were all in each other’s line of fire.
Waters fell under a blow from one of the creature’s forepaws and got the wind knocked out of her. She sat up as she watched Riddick ride off astride the creature, which looked like a wolf that moved with feline grace. She pulled out her stun gun and fired several rounds, which looked like blue smoke rings that sparked. One shot hit Riddick square in the back. He stiffened and fell into the brush. “I got him!” she said in disbelief.
Spark stood beside her, his own stun gun in one hand. “No you didn’t.”
Waters brushed off the blow to her pride. The wolf thing doubled back and sniffed at its rider, then looked at the squad. It snarled.
Pond raised his rifle. 
“Pond, don’t!” Waters shouted.
The wolf charged and Spark stopped it with two shots from his stun gun. Its body slid to a halt mere feet in front of Kenner, who swapped out his own rifle for a stun gun.
“Kenner, go collect Riddick.”
Kenner grimaced. “First dibs on the shower when we get back to the ship.” He trudged off and shouldered Riddick with a grunt.
Leaving the wolf-thing to its nap, they fell back in formation and recommenced their trek. Waters glanced back only once. The creature lay still, its silky chest rising and falling with every breath. It’d remain out cold for a solid thirty minutes, as would the kid.
Riddick stirred and blearily opened his eyes. Kenner paused and looked over his empty shoulder.
Pond said, “That was an unnaturally fast recovery.”
Spark trained his stun gun on the wolf, which was still unconscious.
Riddick looked up and called to the wolf. When it didn’t respond, he rolled off Kenner’s shoulder and hit the ground running. He bowled Spark over before he could get a shot off and stopped at the wolf’s side, sniffed, then opened an eyelid. He eyed their stun guns and slowly stood.
Waters said, “We’re not killing your pet or taking it with us. Now get over here.” She pointed to him, waved him over with one swift jerk, then pointed at the ground in front of her. He just stood there, trying to puzzle out her words and body language. “Spark, I don’t feel like playing cat-and-mouse.”
Spark fired his stun gun. Riddick tried to dodge the bullet-speed ring, but it hit him in his flank and he fell. Kenner collected him once more, but this time held him in an arm lock as he waited for the kid to recover.
Riddick stirred a minute later and tensed at the sight of the sleeping wolf.
Waters knelt by the creature, which looked like someone had spliced a tiger and black wolf together. It had a broad head like a tiger, canine ears, long thin legs, and a tail as long as its body, but tufted like a wolf’s. “It’s still alive. We didn’t kill it because you didn’t have it try to kill us.” Riddick stared blankly at her. She waved him over, then made a big show of placing a hand on the wolf’s heaving chest. “Kenner, let him go.”
Riddick took in everyone’s positions, then cautiously drew closer and knelt by Waters and the wolf. He placed a grubby hand next to hers.
“See? It’s still alive.”
Riddick tried shaking it awake.
She flung out an arm. “No!” He stopped but eyed her suspiciously. “Look, I don’t know how to get you to understand that pets aren’t allowed on space ships. We don’t have the space or the means to keep it alive or put it in cryo--why am I trying to explain myself?” She jumped to her feet. “Let’s just get back to the ship already.”

3.
They made it to the ship in two hours. Riddick was hesitant at first, but he eventually gave up looking back every few seconds. He called out for the wolf now and then, and sniffed the air, but he gave up that as well long before they reached the ship.
Kenner took first dibs on showering. The rest of them followed suit as they took turns guarding a very pungent Furyan. Waters showered last, which led up to the inevitable dilemma surrounding getting Riddick clean.
Her squad and special guest/captive awaited her at the base of the ship’s ramp. The rest of the men watched as Pond tried to teach Riddick words but he stopped at the sight of her. He swiped at whatever he’d drawn in the dirt and all of them respectfully stood at attention. “At ease.” She came to a halt in front of the kid. “So who wants to give Stinky a shower?” 
The four of them chorused, “Not it.”
Pond said, “You should bathe him, Waters, seeing as how you’re female. I’m not putting my hands where they don’t belong.”
She folded her arms. “Do I really have to make this an order?”
Kenner said, “I’ll accompany you in case he puts up a fight, but that’s it.”
“Oh, so you all want to make me the pedophile?” It was more a statement than a question.
Markham and Pond said, “More like cougar.” They looked at each other and grinned.
Waters sighed. “Bunch of wimps.” She marched back up the ramp. “Lemme go put on a dive suit.”
***
The shower was running with heated water pumped in from the lake they’d touched down next to. Waters stood by the stall door, wearing a wetsuit and water shoes. Kenner sat outside the bathroom door, just a yell away. Riddick, head shaved clean and stripped to his birthday suit, stood next to her, watching the water stream onto the tiled floor. He already looked more presentable, yet quite confused. Shaving his head hadn’t been too much trouble. Kenner had held him still while Markham buzzed him clean with an electric razor. The boys gave him a minute to absorb the shock from the sudden loss of all his hair, along with get accustomed to the feel of a clean-shaven scalp before escorting him to the small shower cabin. They handed him over to Waters and made themselves scarce.
Getting Riddick’s hides and vines off hadn’t taken too much coaxing after threatening him with a stun gun. Not the way she wanted to treat him but she’d yet to find a way around it. The kid had figured out an effective braid weave to keep his hides snugly in place. The hides themselves were covered in scrapes and scratches, and a few slices. They would look great while burning in a fire.
Waters stuck a hand under the stream, which was pleasantly hot. Riddick just stood there and watched. “It’s just water.” She splashed him with a handful. He flinched and patted at the droplets, then she guided his hand under the water. He flinched again, thought a moment, then stuck both hands in. Waters gently pushed him closer so the stream hit his chest. Riddick cupped his hands and tried to take a drink but he spat it back out. “You want colder water for that.”
“Water?”
She did a double take. How’d he picked up that word so fast? “Yes, water. You’re quite the smart one. The girls are never gonna leave you alone once you’ve learned some etiquette, social skills, and language.”
“Girl?”
“Yes, girl.” She pointed to herself, then pointed to him. “Boy.” And back at herself. “Girl.” Riddick’s intense gaze brightened with an interest that made her feel uncomfortable. She frowned when his eyes lowered to her chest. “No. Start showering.”
“Girl.”
She forcibly turned him around and shoved a washcloth in one of his grubby hands. 
Riddick spun around and looked at her inappropriately again. Waters tried to force him back around. “I said no. Now start washing.”
“Boobies?”
She froze, then memory of Pond scuffing up his drawing in the dirt flashed across her mind. Riddick reached for her chest. She slapped his hand away harder than she meant to but didn’t bother apologizing. “No. Boy. Water. Shower. Now.” She stormed over to the bathroom door and found Kenner cleaning his rifle. “Tell Flower Boy he’s in big trouble when I’m done with Riddick.” She slammed the door and stormed back. She didn’t know how she was going to punish Pond, but she’d think of something later.
***
Waters didn’t take offense to the insubordinate anatomy lesson. They were men starved of their wives and girlfriends. Typical men, too, sadly. The only thing she wasn’t going to let slide was their attempts to corrupt the Furyan kid before he could fluently speak English. Pond stood next to Waters outside the ship, him sweating away while standing at rigid attention.
Riddick was clean and dressed in a brown t-shirt, BDU pants, and combat boots. He looked like a kid fresh out of basic. The only thing he lacked was carrying himself with discipline. At first he hadn’t wanted to keep the boots on, but when Markham guided him over rocky terrain he hadn’t wanted to touch and discovered it didn’t hurt, Riddick took to his boots with open fascination. He marched all around the makeshift campsite, seeing what he could stomp on without getting hurt. The squad watched with stun guns at their sides. They let the kid enjoy himself while Waters took the opportunity to study the Furyan, watching how he moved like a predator, and seemed to have his attention on everything around him. She made a mental note to not underestimate the kid. “Pond,” she said crisply.
“Yes, ma’am?”
“Do you want your punishment now, or when we get home?”
“Home, please.”
“As you wish.” Making him sweat while at attention for the past fifteen minutes was sufficient punishment for now, but only for now. “At ease.” She didn’t want to dehydrate any of her men faster than Furya’s tropical climate already was. That and she didn’t want to discipline them in front of the kid.
Pond let out a sigh of relief. “The Jade Dragon returns to her slumber. Thank god!”
“For now,” Jade Waters, a.k.a. the Jade Dragon, said. She’d earned that nickname long ago. It praised her prowess as a leader and complimented her hard-ass side most knew better than to taunt. She’d been top pick for this mission. “Go round everyone up. Time to search for more natives.”

4.
Riddick’s behavior was improving exponentially, especially after learning the word “no.” He’d also learned his name and now they didn’t need stun guns out to correct him. Comforting as that was, Waters kept her guard up around him. There was a tension underlying all his movements, like he was always ready for fight or flight. She wanted to trust him and wanted him to trust all of them, but they hadn’t reached that point yet. She hadn’t forgotten how Riddick had tried to push Pond out of the tree, and he more than likely hadn’t forgotten his pet wolf-thing.
Waters flew the ship low over the canopy, low enough to blow aside the treetops with her quadra jets just like the bear had earlier. The sun shined down on her right, making it somewhere around mid afternoon in this time zone.
Waters felt a presence behind her. Riddick stood there, his intense gaze watching the canopy whip by below. “Well look who’s left his corner,” she said happily. The poor kid had been terrified while the ship made all sorts of noises during warm-up and takeoff. They’d tried to coax him to a passenger chair so they could strap him down, but he lashed out with savage fury at anyone who tried to get close. Spark had kept an eye on him and stun gun handy, but the kid just stared back, crouched on all fours while jammed under a weapon rack near the hatch.
The ship’s cabin was one half-circle big enough to accommodate ten soldiers. It had ten cryo-tanks lining the walls, weapon racks on each side of the ramp, a gunner chair on each flank, two pilot chairs with two rows of four passenger chairs behind them, and reinforced glass divided into segments along the nose of the craft. Ninety percent of the ship was purgeable fuel tanks, so the whole ship looked like a sleek torpedo with a few extra curves to create airfoils, along with retractable wings attached to the belly. The wings were out.
Riddick stared longingly at the trees. “Rrr-d’ck.”
“No, Riddick,” she said gently. “We’re not going back for your wolf.” He hunched his shoulders. “I’m sorry.”
He straightened up and looked at her. “I’m sorry?”
“That’s what you say when you hurt someone’s feelings. You’ll understand one day.”
He turned back to the jungle. “I’m sorry.”
Waters wanted to go maternal and pull the kid into a hug, but she resisted, feeling torn between fearing the kid’s feral side and wanting to help him feel safe. Still, there was one thing she could do right now. “Everybody grab some food. Spark, you’re in charge of feeding Riddick.” The kid perked up at the mention of his name. “Yes, Riddick. Here’s your new word: food.”
“Food?”
The cabin filled with the din of men shuffling around and opening plastic containers and wrappers. Spark appeared with some cheese and an open package of jerky. The mouth-watering smell reminded Waters how hungry she was, but she’d stick the ship into autopilot mode after everyone else ate.
Riddick sniffed the air. “Food?” Spark handed him a beef-flavored stick. The kid accepted and sniffed it but didn’t eat. Spark tore off a bite of a second stick and ate it. He handed over the rest of the stick. Riddick tore off a bite and experimentally chewed, then brought his hands close to his mouth and began wolfing down the jerky. His eyes darted around as if he expected them to try and take his meal away. Spark handed over the rest of the jerky and Riddick snatched it up.
“Congratulations, Spark,” Waters said. “You’re his new best friend.”
“Even after all that time you spent with him in the shower?” he said with a grin.
“Keep that up and I’ll punish all of you, instead of just Flower Boy.”
“Yes, ma’am. Would you like some cheese?”
“Actually, I would.” Why wait for food when it was brought to her?
Spark held it out but Riddick snatched the package before Waters could turn around.
“Food.” He took a huge bite, plastic wrapper and all, then made a face and dumped it on the floor. “Food. No.”
Spark picked it up. “You gotta take it out of the wrapped, kid.” He peeled the non-bitten end open and held it up, pointing at the cheddar. “Food.” He pointed at the wrapper. “Food no. Not food.” Then back at the cheddar. “Food. Understand?”
Riddick snatched it back, took an experimental bite, then a bigger one and swallowed. “Food,” he said with a smile.
Water bottles were passed around. Waters checked her fuel levels, then set the ship into autopilot and joined them in a late lunch.

5.
They came in low on a Furyan civilization. It looked ancient Mayan. There were pyramids sticking out between the trees, along with blocky stone structures laid out in grid formation around the pyramids. The grids were perfectly aligned with the planet’s nautical directions. No life was visible to the naked eye.
Waters switched on two screens built into the control panel, one hooked up to a belly cam with high zoom power, the other hooked up to a thermal cam. “Pond, Markham, man the stations,” she said, meaning the side gunner seats. “Kenner, Spark, come help me look for Furyans.” Kenner took the seat next to her and Spark hovered behind them, bouncing his gaze between the screens and window. Riddick drifted to Waters’ side but kept his eyes on the civilization.
“What the hell happened here?” Kenner said in a subdued tone. “I don’t think there’s anyone to shoot us down.”
The place looked like it had been through a war. Most of it lay in ruin with debris everywhere. Among the ruins lay broken black space ships of varying styles and sizes, some sleek like fighter craft, others massive and bulky like cargo craft. The bulky ones had ebony faces with gaping mouths and blank eyes. The crafts starkly contrasted what was left of the Furyan civilization like a smashed up checkers board.
Spark said, “Well, all we know for sure is that Necromongers clashed with the Furyans. Now we just have to find out if there’s been total genocide or not.”
“I’m leading towards genocide,” Markham said, “even with Riddick here.”
“I’m not. Too tall of a tale. How would we have even heard about this if there hadn’t been survivors fifteen years ago?”
“Okay, you win this one.”
Waters said, “Well, we heard about Furya thanks to the spies tailing the Necromongers.” She dipped the ship and slowed to a crawl. Kenner watched the screens. She, Spark, and Riddick scanned the scenery with their eyes. “There were mixed messages surrounding whether they murdered just the males or indiscriminately. Intel never touched down on Furya ‘cause the Necros left in a hurry.”
“Why would they go through all this trouble to kill just males?” Spark said. “And for what purpose?”
“It doesn’t make sense if you ask me,” Pond said.
“No,” the rest of them chorused.
Spark said, “What would make more sense is if they’d just destroyed the planet, like they always do.”
“We’re forgetting about including the Furyans in the equation,” Waters said. “It’s not like they just sat here and let themselves be slaughtered. No clue what kind of technology they used to put up such a big fight.”
“Maybe they ran off with all their high tech stuff to another civilization. There’s metal and piping among the stonework that doesn’t match the goth Necro stuff.”
“Heat signature on thermal!” Kenner yelled, point at the left screen.
Waters veered the ship towards the humanoid shape and touched down next to a large pyramid that was half intact, half crushed by a fighter ship. The heat signature came from within the pyramid. “Kenner, bring the kid with you and guard him at all times.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Everyone arm up and move out.”
They hurried off the ship and slowed to a cautious pace once they were right outside the half of the pyramid that was still standing. Pond led them in with Markham’s guidance from a handheld thermal cam. Spark followed behind, dual-wielding a stun gun and pistol. Waters entered fourth with Kenner and Riddick bringing up the rear. Riddick imitated their stealth tactics. She was surprised he hadn’t attempted to run off the moment they’d let the ramp down. Maybe he’d started trusting them more, especially after being fed. Or maybe that was a bit of a stretch and he was behaving just because everyone had guns in hand. Whatever it was, she was thankful for the cooperation. She’d deemed it unwise to cuff and strap him to a passenger chair. She didn’t want to test his escape skills with no eyes on him, much less return to a sabotaged ship cabin.
The pyramid’s interior was beautifully lit with glowing crystals, giving the place an exotic feel. The sound of cascading water reached their ears. They could smell its moisture. Mold lined the corners and cracks in the stonework, making the tight corridors extra aromatic.
A few twisting corridors in, more light greeted them. They passed under a stone archway into a broad vaulted room that sat under the pyramid’s apex. Light beams coming in at angles from the ceiling hit a large crystal sitting atop a three-tiered fountain in the middle of the room. The crystal bounced light off strategically placed mirrors, which fully lighted the chamber and made the water shimmer.
“What the--?” Markham exclaimed. “The heat signature just vanished.”
“Did it run off?” Pond said.
“No, more like fell to the ground somewhere near the fountain. Either that or there’s too much light bouncing off everything.” He tucked the device away and drew his stun gun.
Waters said, “Spark, keep an eye out for movement. Everyone spread out and surround the fountain.”
Guns at the ready, the squad fanned out. The room looked like a place people convened to eat and socialize. The floor lowered in tiers to the central fountain like the Acropolis back home. Stone benches lined the walls. Everything was covered in fallen rocks and dust. No blood or bones, no bullet holes or plasma craters. Outside there’d been skeletons and Necromonger uniforms full of bones. They’d have to go back and investigate the dead later.
There was nowhere to hide in or around the fountain. Guns leading the way, Pond exited the chamber via the back archway. Seconds later, he popped back into the room wearing a frown. No one can get out that way. Cave in.”
“And why are all of you searching for Furyans when you have one among you?” said a rich female voice.
Everyone faced the fountain. Riddick jumped back and let out a warning growl. “Water. Girl.”
Kenner put a protective hand on Riddick’s shoulder, then positioned himself between him and the fountain.
The voice said, “Please don’t shoot. I mean no harm.”
“Then show yourself!” Waters said. They trained their weapons on the fountain.
A portion of the cascading water arced father out as it fell into the pool, then it swirled upwards and filled out in the shape of a face with a curtain of hair. The watery head rose into the air, followed by a slender body full of sensual curves wrapped in a skin-tight dress. The face, neck, and arms took on human skin tones, the hair a rich black with a green sheen, and the eyes a deep ocean sapphire. The dress matched her eyes. 
Waters kept expecting the woman’s hair to grow longer as the lady’s hair shimmered like a cascading waterfall. She shook her head to stop herself from staring and said, “Identify yourself and state your purpose for being here!” She kept her rifle trained on whatever it was exactly she was aiming at.
The lady smiled. “My name is Aquarion. I’m of the elementals from planet Quintessa. Like you, I came here seeking protection and answers.”
“What answers?”
“How to defeat the Necromongers.” Aquarion drifted to the edge of the pool, then gracefully stepped up and out.
Riddick growled again. “Girl. No.”
“Our calculations brought me to Furya.” She sauntered over to Riddick. He bared his teeth but she just smiled. “Have you found other Furyans?”
“Not alive,” Waters said. “Now how can I trust that you’re not lying about being against the Necromongers?”
Aquarion considered her words a moment, then frowned. “You can’t. And how can you prove to me that you fear them as much as I do?”
“We don’t fear them. We’re trying to protect ourselves from them.”
“As are we.” Aquarion reached for Riddick’s forehead. He gave her another warning growl, giving her pause.
Kenner said, “Touch him at your own risk, lady.”
She ignored him. “It’s alright, young Furyan. I am an ally.”
“No.”
She reached again and Riddick dodged and lashed out. Her arm up to the elbow became water, which elongated. A watery hand reached out and covered Riddick’s forehead. He stopped and stood there, eyes wide with confusion.
Waters aimed her rifle but hesitated. She’d just watched Riddick’s fist go right through Aquarion with no effect. Bullets would most likely yield the same results. She swapped her rifle out for a stun gun and hesitated again. If she shot the Elemental while in physical contact with Riddick, he’d get stunned too. But... considering how fast he’d--
Aquarion’s hand solidified then peeled away. She spoke just above a whisper. “Such delicate odds surrounding this one.” She backed away, giving Riddick a respectable amount of space.
Waters lowered her weapon. “What did you do to him?”
The Elemental faced her. “Read his memories. It’s my specialty as a water Elemental. This boy was born the same year the Necromongers came to Furya. He was strangled with his own umbilical cord and left for dead. Other Furyans took care of him for a couple of years, but they died. Now he’s as wild as the jungle he grew up in.”
“He’s rapidly learning how to be civilized.”
Aquarion laughed. “You don’t tame a Furyan. Have you never heard the stories?”
“No, but I’d rather hear them from a Furyan; not you.”
She gave Waters a conceding nod. “Understandable. How much of Furya have you searched? I’ve been here for days. He’s the first living one I’ve come across.”
“This is our first stop. Can you tell us anything about what happened here? How did the Furyans fight them off?”
Aquarion thought a moment. “Furyans are powerful. The Necromongers underestimated them.”
When the Elemental didn’t elaborate, Waters said, “That’s it? After all the conquering they did, they botched the job with Furyans?”
“I thought you wanted to hear the truth from a Furyan.”
“I do,” she said unhappily.
“And since this one has so few answers, may I take him off your hands?”
Kenner stepped closer to Riddick and tightened his grip on his rifle.
Waters said, “No. He’s still useful to us.” She crossed the room and stood beside Riddick. The kid shifted so one shoulder was protectively in front of her. Waters felt touched that he’d do such a thing, but at the same time she wanted to snap at him to stand down like he was one of her soldiers.
“I will respect your wishes,” Aquarion said, inclining her head. “I’ve scoured the planet north and east of here. For all I know they’ve hid underground. I lack the time and supplies to search much longer.” She studied Riddick. “Be careful with this one. The odds surrounding him are so delicate. You may come to regret taking him with you, but the rest of the universe may thank you one day.”
“What are you talking about with all this odds crap?”
“The Elementals have prophets among our kind. All of us run calculations based on their words and help restore balance wherever it tries to slip away.”
Waters narrowed her eyes. “Our world has seen its share of prophets and end-of-the-world predictions, all of said predictions turning out to be a load of crap. I can’t say otherworldly prophets would carry much weight back home.”
“That is also understandable,” Aquarion said with a soft smile.
“We make our own futures by directing our efforts towards the desired outcome.”
“Then we are the same, but with different approaches. And in the name of such things, I must continue my search. Farewell.” Aquarion stepped into the pool and her formed turned into water. The water that was her head roped to the crystal above the fountain, then trailed along a light beam, casting rainbows all over the room. Her form poured through a light hole and vanished without leaving a drop behind, letting the fountain’s cascade to fill the silence.
Pond said, “What? Too good to use the door?”
“Guess so,” Markham said.
“Everyone head back out,” Waters said. “We’re gonna collect a couple of corpses for autopsy, then search other civilizations until fuel levels tell us to turn around and go home.” She holstered her stun gun and led the way out.

6.
With aid of protective gear, the squad collected one Necromonger and one Furyan corpse. They bagged and sealed them tightly so there’d be minimal stink on the ship by the time they were delivered to morticians on Earth. They also gathered abandoned weapons that belonged to both sides. Riddick watched them somberly. It was hard to tell what he was thinking and feeling. How much of all this did he understand? Spark kept a constant watch on him, but the kid didn’t look like he was planning his escape anymore. Still, for all they knew, he was trying to lure them into complacency so he could sneak off when no one was looking.
***
Waters piloted the ship into the sky as Kenner plotted out a course on the screen next to her. Pond and Markham manned gunner stations just in case, and Riddick was strapped into a passenger chair with Spark keeping him company. The kid was wild-eyed but fighting to keep his composure while he maintained a death grip on his shoulder straps. 
Waters leveled out the ship at 30,000 feet, locked it on course to the civilization an hour away, then told Kenner to keep an eye out just in case their GPS missed anything during the initial sweep hours ago. Kenner made himself comfortable. Waters unbuckled her seatbelt and headed for the passengers chairs. 
Spark had his chair swiveled around so he was facing Riddick. With aid of two buttons in the headrest, Waters swiveled around the one next to him and locked it in place, then flicked open a flap in the floor and stepped on a button. “Watch yourselves.” A sheet of stainless steel rose out of a thin opening between the chairs, stopped at her eye level, then split into halves and formed a table. She took a seat and propped herself up on the table with her elbows.
Riddick stared in open wonder at the table and slowly relaxed his death grip. 
Spark patted the stainless steel. “Table.”
“Table.” He patted his straps, then unlatched the chest buckle. “Belt.” He patted his chair. “Chair.” He looked at Waters’ chair, thought a moment, then got up and stood behind the one next to him. He looked out the pilot window. “Flying. No,” he said with a shake of his head. He began feeling around the sides of the headrest. 
Spark laughed. “It’s not for everyone. You say, ‘flying no.’ Now say, ‘I don’t like flying.’”
Riddick paused in his search. “I don’t lie fy-ing?”
“I don’t like flying,” he said slower.
“I don’t like flying?”
“Right.” Spark fished out a package of dried fruit from the compartment under his seat. “I like food.” He popped a few pieces into his mouth and held out the open bag.
“Food.” Riddick sniffed the air as he stuck a hand in the bag. He ate a few pieces and nodded approvingly. “Food. Yes.”
“Say, ‘I like food.’”
“I like food.”
“I don’t like flying.”
“I don’t like flying,” Riddick agreed, then eyed the bag. “I like food.” He reached for seconds, then turned back to the chair and pressed one of the buttons. The chair swiveled. Riddick pressed the other and locked it in place. He plopped into it and studied Waters thoughtfully. “I like girl.”
The men laughed and Spark smirked. Waters felt herself go red. She shook her head. “Don’t corrupt the kid.”
“Good luck with that one, Riddick,” Kenner said over a shoulder. “The Jade Dragon is unobtainable. Many have tried. All have failed.”
His tone was genial but the words still bit into Waters. They placed a magnifying lens over her single status. That and Riddick’s behavior tugging at her maternal instincts made her realize how much of that side of herself she’d buried under being a workaholic. She didn’t regret any of it though. She loved her job and the good she accomplished. The military and her country needed her.
“I’m not trying to corrupt him,” Spark said. “That’s all Pond’s idea.”
Pond spun around in his chair. “Gee, thanks. It’s not like any of you tried to stop me during his first vocabulary lesson.”
Waters snapped out of her brooding. “What a good point. All of you deserve punishment when we get home.” The men voiced protest but she quieted them with a raised hand and wicked smile.
Spark dug out a piece of dried fruit. “Thanks a lot, Flower Boy.” He leaned forward so Waters’ head wasn’t blocking his view, then he chucked it at Pond. Riddick intercepted it and popped it in his mouth. Spark blinked. “Those are some impressive reflexes you’ve got there, kid.” Riddick gave him a blank stare.
Those most certainly were. That feat, couple with his recovery from the stun gun rounds and his quick uptake on English, gave Waters the feeling that she and her squad were beginning to see why Furyans had put up such a fight against the Necromongers. She retrieved a tablet computer from under her chair and began drawing up a report on what she’d gathered so far. Spark handed over the dried fruit to Riddick, then collected his fang and began cleaning and polishing it while clamping it between his knees. Riddick wolfed down the snack while observing everyone.
***
None of them were surprised when the second civilization came up empty, minus the abundance of skeletons and ruined spaceships. Just to be thorough, they performed two different thermal sweeps, x-ray, sonar, and electromagnetic scans, and even a mineral scan to check the ground for manmade layers under the dirt and limestone. Every last scan came up with nothing. Absolutely nothing. The squad physically searched the ruins for clues and artifacts to study back on Earth, too. They took a few pieces of old technology that looked all Furyan but beyond that there were no further answers; just one big puzzle and Riddick as the lone survivor. And what were the odds of them finding him like that anyway?
Oh, god. Odds. Now Waters was beginning to sound like Aquarion. She plugged in the global coordinates Kenner read to her, then set the ship back in auto pilot and returned to the task of teaching Riddick more English.
***
Four days and dozens of fruitless stops later, the squad gathered at the collapsible table with Riddick seated among them. They all felt worn down and haggard after getting short bursts of sleep between flights. It’d been necessary for the sake of fuel use. Riddick was the only one who didn’t look worse for wear. The perks of youth... Or being a Furyan, perhaps.
“That was our last stop,” Waters said. “Our last attempt. Riddick is the only Furyan we have to take back.”
Pond said, “I remember what you said to Aquarion but is he really worth it?” He stood behind Riddick’s chair. “I mean we’re taking him from his home and simple life, and he seemed happy enough without our intervention. Is it morally right for us to kidnap him like this?”
“Those are valid questions, Pond. They’ve been on my mind as well.”
“I think it’d be cruel to leave him alone like that,” Kenner said from behind Waters. “It would’ve been different if we’d found others, but the reality is we’d be leaving him to sleep in trees and worry about getting eaten, and wondering where and when he’d get his next meal.”
“Right,” Markham said. He was seated next to Riddick as he studied Waters’ report on the tablet. “But morally right or not, we have to take him. We’d be stupid not to. Besides, the Necromongers are still out there, crusading from world to world. It’s inevitable that they’ll discover Earth one day. Bringing Riddick will better prepare us for that.”
“I agree,” Waters said. “Even if it’s just this morsel of intel, it’s better than nothing. Furya’s the only world that hasn’t gone down like the others. We’ve only begun trying to answer why and how that happened. We have to find a way to stop them.” The rest of the squad voiced their agreement. Waters folded her hands on the table and took a deep breath. She tried to put herself in the kid’s place and guess how it’d feel to leave your home planet and everything you knew. Frightening. Daunting. Maybe even a little exciting. “Riddick,” she said formally.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Your life is about to get very interesting.”
7.
Waters jolted awake, overwhelmed with nausea, as her cryo capsule roused her from slumber. The glass door parted like a beast opening its jaws with a hiss. Her face mask lifted away and her vitals reader beeped in time with her racing heart. An oblong bowl swiveled before her chin but she clamped her jaw and pinched her lips as she looked at the ceiling, taking one deep, slow breath after another. She pushed the bowl aside, making her nausea to let up with sheer force of will.
Once her stomach was a minor discomfort, she began to relax. The capsule emitted a gentle ding, signaling for Waters to brace herself as the machine detached all the tubes and wires that’d kept her alive and healthy. The removal of so much equipment felt so relieving that she sagged against the harness holding her upright. The vitals reader shut itself off and an overhead light came to life, basking her in a dim white glow. Low as the setting was, she squinted, then rubbed the sleepiness from her eyes.
Waters hit the button by her ear, releasing herself from the harness wrapped around her legs and torso. She stumbled all the way to the passenger chairs lining the middle of the space ship, and gave her legs a moment to get used to bearing her full weight. The cryo capsules protected her and the rest of her squad from atrophy, but the technology couldn’t substitute brain usage. 
She slowly let go of the black chair, then straightened out her smock as she took in the rest of the occupied capsules. Riddick and her four squad members were sound asleep and wreathed in green glows, signaling that they were all alive and well. She crossed to the control panel splayed out along the head of the ship and it lit up when she sat in the cockpit chair. She pressed a choice button and the metal shields covering the wall-sized windshield retracted with a series of thunks, revealing a view of Earth from space that took up the whole window. They would enter Earth’s atmosphere within an hour.
The sight brought relief and comfort. As thrilling as intergalactic travel was, there was no place like home.
Waters headed to Riddick’s capsule. His vitals were solid, yet the respirator sounded slightly fast for someone in deep sleep. She took a step closer and scrutinized the mask covering his nose and mouth. Maybe there was a leak in it.
Riddick opened his eyes.
Waters jumped back with a scream lodged in her throat, and she placed a hand over her sternum. Riddick’s eyelids drooped, but he forced them open a few times before closing altogether. Seconds later, they popped back open and he met Waters’ gaze with his usual intense curiosity.
She double-checked his vitals, which were still in the green, then drew closer once more. “What are you doing awake, Riddick?”
Unable to talk due to the stomach tube stuck down his throat, he shrugged.
“Oh, good, you still remember some English after spending three months in cryosleep--or lack of sleep.”
He nodded.
“If I let you out, can I trust you not to touch anything while I shower?” She’d rather leave him in there than out and about, unsupervised, but she couldn’t just leave him in such an uncomfortable position while awake. God, how much of the last three months had he been awake?
He nodded again.
Waters reached to the side of the capsule, then paused with her palm over the release button, studying the kid. “This means just pick a spot and wait. If you’re hungry, you can eat and drink. If there’s anything else you want, you wait for me.” It would be a while before she herself felt hungry after waking from cryosleep, but Riddick? Who knew? “Got it?” He nodded a third time and Waters slapped the palm-sized button.
Vents sucked out the treated air, and the straps over Riddick’s arms popped off. His throat tube pulled out, he coughed and gagged, then began tearing at the wires and tubes attached to his arms and torso.
“Riddick, no!”
Gasping for breath, he paused with one hand down his smock and gave Waters a confused look. He tentatively reached deeper as the needles in his arms pulled out.
“Stop. The machine will remove them for you. Don’t hurt yourself or break the machine.” She was sure he understood less than half of what she said but she felt better speaking in full sentences. At least her words got the kid to stop tearing things up.
Riddick held himself stock still as the cryo capsule’s computer methodically detached the rest of its equipment, lifting away the face mask last as the capsule’s doors parted. Riddick sped through unlatching all the buckles, then fell into Waters as his legs failed to hold him up. She locked her arms around him as they both stumbled towards the chairs. He reached for a chair, pulled himself upright, and stood so the chair sat between them. Waters reached for him but he gave her a look like a wounded animal about to lash out, the whites around his dark irises far too prominent. She lowered her arms and backed up a step. 
Riddick doubled over and threw up all over the floor.
Poor kid. Waters gave him a sympathetic smile. “Yeah, cryosleep is rough.”
“I don’t like cryosleep,” he said between gasps, then started dry heaving.
“No one does. Take a seat.”
He slowly got his stomach and breathing under control, and the whites around his eyes disappeared. He slid into a chair and clenched his fists in his lap.
Using her toes, Waters lifted a floor flap and pressed a button, raising a collapsible table from under the floor. A vertical slab of stainless steel rose to eye level with her, then unfolded and snapped into place. Riddick gripped its edge and stared at it, yet his attention was on Waters. 
“Are you hungry?” she said.
“No, ma’am.”
“Did you wake up a lot in there?” She pointed to his open capsule and she retrieved a box from a supplies cabinet next to one of the dormant cryo capsules.
“I don’t know. Ship always dark. Everyone always sleeping.”
“As you were supposed to be as well, but let’s worry about that when we all go see the doctors.” She popped open the mouth of the box and sprinkled the absorbent powder all over the beige-colored vomit. “Just stay seated and don’t touch anything until I come back. Got it?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Waters finished cleaning up the vomit with a handheld vacuum, then check on her squad members individually before heading for the showers, giving Riddick, who was watching her every move, one more glance before stepping inside. Hopefully he’d obey orders and stay put. He knew the stay command. Sure, she could wake Kenner, the biggest and strongest of her squad, but she didn’t want him or any of her soldiers to see her in just a smock. She had to keep appearances at all times. She’d been the last one to enter cryosleep, and she wouldn’t wake the others until she was back in uniform and presentable. Riddick would be given the same professional front at all times once he was able to speak fluent English and was comfortable in his new surroundings.
***
Waters was showered and back to her feminine standards in four minutes, and in another minute fully dressed with her hair tied up so it wasn’t touching her BDU collar. She would’ve liked to have camped in the shower for an hour but such luxury would have to wait another day, when she was home and off duty. Right now, she had to ready her squad for landing in Arlington, Virginia. 
She opened the bathroom door and fought her combat-trained reflexes at the sight of Riddick standing in front of her, facing her. She balled her fists as he fixed her with his studious gaze, standing uncomfortably close and giving no outward indication that he was a threat, but he was more wild than civilized.
You don’t tame a Furyan, Aquarion’s words and accompanying laughter echoed in her mind. The Elemental had sounded thoroughly convinced.
Waters clenched her jaw as she relaxed her fists and stepped out of the bathroom. Riddick moved out of her way, unperturbed. He didn’t seem in the least bit bothered that he’d disobeyed orders, but she couldn’t punish him. He probably didn’t know better yet. Still, it was so hard to gauge what he did and didn’t understand. Waters scanned the ship for signs of anything out of order. All the capsules were as she left them with their green halos, and the ship’s hum unvaried, no alarms going off. Everything was as it should be, except Riddick’s location. She forced herself to shrug her unease off as she headed to the nearest occupied capsule and began waking her squad.
 
8.
They landed in HQMC in Arlington, Virginia bright and early. Waters taxied up to a choice hangar of a dozen while navigating among other traffic taking off and landing. The base was an organized zoo. The sounds of a busy airstrip sounded foreign after being gone for over half a year.
Once the final runway had been crossed, Waters noticed all the people gathered outside the open hangar awaiting her arrival: families.
Four wives, several children from baby to tween, parents, grandparents, and siblings. No husband or kids for her. The no kids part wasn’t so bad. She had nieces and nephews to fill that void. But no spouse?
She mentally shrugged the melancholy away. No point in a pity party. Wouldn’t get her dating any faster. Besides, her parents and two siblings stood among her squad’s families, every last one of them a welcome sight.
Waters guided her ship to where the Civil Air Patrol motioned her to park, paying more attention to the families than the men waving orange glowing sticks at her. She’d clocked tens of thousands of hours piloting the Bridger, a space ship that created wormholes to punch through countless light years of outer space. After barking a few commands to her squad, she shut the ship down and followed her men down the open hatch, Riddick by her side.
Wives and children flew into their husbands’ and fathers’ arms; many kisses, hugs, and loving words were exchanged. Waters’ family tried to greet her with equal warmth but Riddick jumped between them and bared his teeth. Her family stopped short, flowers in hand and confusion on their faces.
Waters put a hand on his shoulder. “It’s alright, Riddick. They’re family. They mean no harm.”
He looked at her with a raised brow. “Family?”
She stepped around him and held out her arms to her niece and nephew, ages five and six. Devan and Tanya finished running up to her, and she lifted them into her arms as they wrapped their little arms around her neck.
“Auntie Jade!” they both shouted.
“Waters squeezed them tight and pecked their foreheads. “Hey, you two. It’s great to see you again. I missed you.”
“We missed you, too,” Devan said.
Waters’ parents joined the group hug. “Welcome home, Jade,” Mom said. “It’s a relief to have you back in one piece. I saw Spark showing off a fang the size of an arm. What the heck did you all run into?” Her parents stepped back. 
“Dunno but we called it a really big bear. Now it’s a really big dead bear, unfortunately. It left us with no choice.”
“Ah. Now who’s this young man? He seems rather protective of you.”
Waters grimaced. “He’s an alien, and the rest is classified for now.” Her father gave her a knowing nod. Her family was used to getting only morsels of intel over the years.
“What’s your name?” Tanya asked the Furyan.
“Riddick,” he said, stepping closer. “You’re family?”
“Yep!”
Riddick glanced at Waters, then held his arms towards Tanya. She unwrapped her arms and reached for him.
Waters hesitated before letting her niece latch onto Riddick. “Be gentle,” she said to him.
Riddick held Tanya just like Waters had, and even kissed her forehead, then began rocking her like Waters had unconsciously started doing with Devan.
“Welcome home, Riddick,” Tanya said with childish enthusiasm.
Riddick stopped rocking. “Not home.”
Waters said, “He’s an alien, Tanya. He’s very far from home, but Earth is probably going to be his new home from now on. Now don’t try to ask him too many questions. He doesn’t know much English yet.”
Mom said. “What’re you going to do with him?”
“I have no idea.” She set Devan on the tarmac and he clung to her hand. Riddick set Tanya down and held the girl’s hand as well. Thankfully, Tanya wasn’t bothered in the least. She was a very outgoing, sociable child. “It’s up to my superiors and what they want to do. Our mission was just a scratch above a waste of time. Which reminds me.” She turned to the other groups of families. “Pond!”
Pond pulled away from his wife and her lips, and stood at attention. “Yes, ma’am.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow at o’six hundred for paperwork.”
“O’six hundred. Yes, ma’am.”
“At ease.” 
Pond’s shoulders drooped. Writing up the report on their latest mission was adequate punishment for the vocabulary lesson prior to Riddick’s first ever shower.

9.
Waters stood at attention while doctors assessed Riddick in a biohazard room, pumping him full of vaccines and jotting down illegible notes. The place was overkill precaution-wise, since three months in cryosleep would kill just about every pathogen. That and the milieu of vaccines the Furyan was getting pumped full of could keep a whole army free of illness for probably a year. And while he was getting an immunity boost, her squad was getting a routine physical examination, along with a fitness test to see how out of shape they’d all gotten. She would join in on the “fun” once she was done keeping Riddick calm. Waters’ superior, Brigadier General Fink, watched on from the other side of the glass, a pensive frown on his angular face.
Fink was a typical jarhead with an inflated ego that struggled to fit in any doorway. Waters could almost see the glass bending to compensate for how close he stood to it. Streaks of condensation formed on it from his heavy breathing.
One of the female doctors said, “Riddick here seems like a perfectly healthy teenager. I don’t see any cryo sickness or anything. Maybe aliens like him metabolize anesthesia and sedatives differently. We'll have to wait for the lab results before we can draw anything conclusive.”
“Thank you, ma’am. I’m glad to hear he’s alright.”
“Waters,” Fink barked in his intimidating voice that never failed to get on Waters’ nerves. He always sounded like he was talking down to everyone when he spoke, even when expressing gratitude.
Waters marched up to the glass, doing her best to focus on Fink’s pale eyes, instead of the splotches of condensation. “Yes, sir?”
“What did you find?”
“A lot of corpses and very few answers.”
“What can the alien tell us?”
“Not much. Maybe more once his English is solid, but he had to have been born the year his planet got invaded.”
“Is he not fluent in any language in our databanks?”
“No. He’s more or less wild.”
“Then why did you bother bringing him back?”
Recalling her run-in with Aquarion, the Elemental from Quintessa, Waters glanced at the trio of doctors packing their equipment. The medical personnel were allowed in HQMC’s medical facilities because, after extensive screening, they’d proven themselves trustworthy and proficient at being tight-lipped. Still, she wanted to keep her scraps of intel as classified as possible.” Permission to deliver a full report during my debriefing, sir.”
“Permission granted. It better be good. I’ll see you at eleven hundred.” He marched off with his ego leading the way.
Oh, it wouldn’t be good. Fink was gonna be pissed with the lack of intel. She simply didn’t want to deal with his ego or temper at the moment. 
***
Late the next morning, Waters stood at attention with hers and Pond’s report floating over Fink’s lavish desk, small lettering glowing away in front of his stomach. He was standing as well, big arms folded behind his back, unfolding them now and then to wave a hand at the letters, making the digital pages turn. Riddick stood at attention beside Waters, his fists a little too far forward, and the angle of his feet too narrow, but overall doing a wonderful job of standing still. The posture must’ve seemed like a quiet game to him, an opportunity to study his new acquaintance who, for the most part, ignore the Furyan.
Fink said, “You’re right, Waters. Your report begs more questions than it gives answers. I thank you for confirming rumors as facts, though. It’s something but it’s not enough. I’m going to have to send you and your squad back on fresh legs. We need more answers. The Necromongers are too much of an enigmatic threat. The masses have already fled to New Mecca and other worlds. People don’t know whether to stay put or search for safer grounds.”
“There may be no safer grounds.”
“I know, which is why we need to create the safest grounds, preferably here on Earth. We’ll have to send an ambassador to Quintessa as well, and get some straight answers out of these Elementals you mentioned.” He looked at Riddick. “This alien you brought back--”
“Riddick, sir.” Waters knew better than to interject but she didn’t like how Fink referred to Riddick like some beast.
“This alien isn’t quite like us humans but he doesn’t display any remarkable traits that give me pause. Why did you bring him with you?”
Her knee-jerk answer was that she hadn’t been able to bring herself to just leave the kid there. The last thing her superior cared to hear about was maternal sentiment. “I wasn’t sure about taking him until Aquarion expressed interest in him. Maybe Furyans mature slowly and he won’t display more traits until he’s an adult.”
Fink studied Riddick again and crinkled his nose. “Maybe you should’ve let the Elemental take him. They clearly know more about both Furyans and Necromongers.”
“I tried to get answers from her, sir.”
“I know. I read your report verbatim.” He pressed a holographic button on the side of the document, causing the document to wink out of existence, then he turned around and gazed out the wall-sized window. HQMC’s grandeur sprawled out under a tree line that expanded as far as the eye could see. “When you return to Furya, take the alien with you and dump him back where he belongs. That will be all, Waters.”
She wanted to scream at Fink, but she kept her voice level and controlled as her blood boiled. “With all due respect, sir, may I make a suggestion?”
He looked over a shoulder, scowling away. “Let’s hear it.”
“Enroll him in the Marines.”
He turned fully around, eyes narrowed. “What for?”
“He possesses covetous traits we’d love to see in every soldiers. He can become an asset.”
“He’s not an American citizen, much less from Earth.”
“I don’t see that as a problem, sir.”
“I don’t like or trust him.”
She took a calming breath, barely stopping herself from rolling her eyes. “He doesn’t know any languages but what little English my squad and I have taught him. He’s a fresh mind waiting to be molded, and he learns quickly. You couldn’t ask for better soldier material.”
You don’t tame a Furyan...
Fink gave Waters a measuring look. “It sounds like you’ve grown attached to the alien.”
Waters felt her face redden. “He’s just a kid.” Despite how Riddick put her on edge from time to time, she felt like she’d rescued some orphaned child. He was an orphan, just a kid. He was so innocent--far from helpless, yes--but so innocent and curious, and Waters felt like she owed him for having spirited him to Earth, along with made him undergo so many disconcerting experiences. The least she could do was keep him safe and give him a future.
Fink glanced at Riddick, then met Waters’ gaze, which had to be borderline pleading. “There’s something about him I don’t trust one bit. He looks like he thinks he’s in control of the situation when he couldn’t be more wrong.” 
It was true Riddick looked very confident while he stood at a sloppy attention and bore into Fink with his attentive gaze.
“But I must admit I’m curious to see if you’re right about him having traits lying dormant. That Elemental wouldn’t have been so eager to take him off your hands for nothing.”
Have you never heard the stories? 
Oh, what was she getting herself into? Aquarion’s words were frustratingly cryptic. 
“Acquire adoption papers, a social security number, everything. Enroll him in JROTC and make a hard-core Marine out of him.”
“Yes, sir!” Her heart soared at the minor victory, but at the same time she felt a sense of foreboding. Was keeping him really the right thing to do, or should she have handed Riddick over to the Elementals? No, she was glad to have him, and she would make sure he molded into a fine soldier.
“But, if he starts causing any trouble whatsoever, he goes right back to his planet, and you’ll be taking full responsibility and liability for all his actions. I’ll be watching closely.”
***
Pond accompanied Waters and Riddick to the recruitment office, a vaulted building that would get any young adult pumped about joining the Marines. Large pictures and videos flashed over everyone’s heads, the images covering the entire ceiling and top half of the walls. Statues, plaques, and memorials decorated every spare square foot of the shiny floor, dozens upon dozens of prospective recruits bustled about, gawking at video footage and listening to base tour guides deliver speeches about America’s proud history.
The sights and sounds filled Waters with pride and patriotism. She was proud to be a Marine. She’d been serving her country and world since age eighteen. Hopefully the incoming generations would do just as well, and hopefully Riddick would be among them. She and Pond guided a fascinated Riddick into one of the offices and set to work on filling out his JROTC paper work, along with enrolling him in base school so he could learn English and get a basic education. Hopefully he’d be interested in it all. Chances were he would, since he enjoyed learning English and being able to communicate as needed.
Waters and Pond double-teamed the thick packets as Riddick listened to Holland, the recruiting officer, chat animated to him. He fixed her with his attentive gaze, asked questions and what certain words meant now and then, and Holland wore a big smile throughout her spiel regarding the Marines and their role in keeping Earth safe.
One wrist-straining hour later, the paperwork was almost completely filled out. Riddick would immediately begin receiving one-on-one tutoring under Waters’ constant supervision. Pond offered to help now and then, which made her raise an eyebrow. “What, and let you corrupt him even faster? I don’t think so.”
Holland said, “The girls will corrupt him fast enough. He’s one handsome boy. Girls are gonna melt under that attentive gaze of his.”
“I know what you mean.” Riddick carried himself with an alluring quiet confidence, and the person talking to him knew they had his undivided attention. On top of that, his lean build and olive complexion would turn heads, and even more so after completing boot camp. He was going to be a stereotypical chick magnet.
Waters flipped back to the beginning of the application packet. “Pond, what have you been putting in the first name and middle initial boxes?”
“Blank. You?”
“Same.”
Holland’s smile waned. “He doesn’t have a full name?”
“Wanna help us with it?” Waters said.
“Sure!” The recruiter adjusted herself in her swivel chair and studied Riddick. “He needs a strong name, one that fits his personality.”
“Tarzan,” Pond said with a grin.
Waters gave him a flat look.
Holland laughed. “Why do you say that?”
Neither of them had said much to Holland about Riddick’s origins, other than that he was an orphaned alien, and that’s why he didn’t know much English. Pond said, “He was king of the jungle we found him in.”
“How ‘bout ‘Henry’, one of the kings of England?”
“Ugh, no,” Waters said, making a sour face.
“Edward?”
“He’s not an Edward.”
“William?”
“Better, but no.”
“John?” Pond offered.
“Too generic,” Waters said with a shake of her head.
“‘Richard’ is the last English king I can remember off the top of my head,” Holland said, staring at the ceiling and tapping her chin with a finger. She looked at Waters. “The name carries weight.”
“It does,” she said, “but I feel like he needs a more exotic name or something.”
“I think we should go with ‘Richard’,” Pond said.
“We? I’m the one adopting him.”
He held up his hands. “Fine, fine.”
“I really like the sound of ‘Richard’,” Holland said.
Waters turned to the Furyan, who was watching all of them. “Riddick, what do you want your name to be?”
He shrugged. “Riddick.”
“That’s still your name, but just part of it.” She put a hand on her sternum. “Everyone calls me Waters, but my full name is Jade Waters.”
“I’m Steven Pond.”
“And I’m Julie Holland,” the recruiter said with a big smile.
Riddick looked at all of them in turn. “I’m Richard Riddick?”
Waters said, “Oh, you like the name ‘Richard’?”
He gave her a blank look, then shrugged again. “I like Riddick.”
Holland said, “I say stick with ‘Richard’ for now and give him time to grow into it. I bet you it’ll suit him well in the long run.”
“Works for me,” Waters said, not seeing any point in spending more time on naming the kid, since he didn’t care so long as he was still called ‘Riddick’. “That leaves us with just a middle initial.” She rubbed her sore eyes in an attempt to stop making the page blur.
“Make it ‘B’,” Pond said. “As in be, b-e. Richard be Riddick. Let him change it when he gets older and fully understands naming.”
Waters started penning in the complete name. “Could also stand for ‘beast’, a tribute to his animal side.”
“That too. So Richard B. Riddick it is?”
She nodded. “For now at the very least.” Pond joined her in scribbling Riddick’s full name on the top of every page.
 
10.
Three years later...
Riddick waited for his grappling opponent to throw a particular feint so he could dart in and execute a takedown. Russel favored leading with a left hook feint, followed by a jab, whenever he couldn’t get the upper hand. All Riddick’s flight members had blatant tells, yet none of them seemed to be aware of this. Once he had started picking up on the tells, he started learning how to subtly trick people into doing exactly what he wanted in a fight. He stopped losing fair fights a long time ago.
Russel circled him but Riddick kept them face-to-face, then swiped at his leading fist. Russel dodged and executed the feint combo Riddick was waiting for. He dodged under the swings with speed no one could match, grabbed Russel’s thighs, and slammed him onto his back, then began punching Russel in the face with gloved fists, until a whistle blew. He threw one last punch, just to get even with all the cheap shots thrown his way recently, then pushed to his feet.
“Stand down, Riddick!” Sergeant Tori, their TI, said loud enough for the whole base to hear.
Fists still raised, Riddick stood over Russel who was bleeding from a brow and lip. A fist grabbed Riddick’s shirt just under the chin. He reflexively seized the wrist and twisted it, heard a cry of pain, then let go and backed away when he realized it was Tori. A wave of guilt passed over him.
“That’s right. You better feel guilty.” Tori flexed his wrist as he stepped between the boys.
Russel slowly pushed to his feet as the rest of the flight gathered around their injured comrade. All of them wore glares aimed towards Riddick. Of course they glared. They’d all developed a severe dislike for him after boot camp, when they learned he wasn’t like them, that he was an alien. No matter how hard Riddick tried, he couldn’t fit in with his peers.
“I could have you court marshaled but I don’t think that’ll teach your pompous ass anything.”
Tori gave away his intentions when his gaze darted to Riddick’s stomach for a fraction of a second. Riddick dodged the sucker punch and put more space between him and the rest of the squad, the sun bearing down his back.
Tori narrowed his eyes. “That ego of yours needs reducing.”
“Not my fault you all move so slow.” He held up his fists, even though they ached for the knife he always kept concealed on his person. Not only would it reveal a trump card, it’d get him into more trouble.
“Oh, you’ll face someone faster than you one day. There’s always someone out there who’s better than you. Just you wait.” He glanced at Russel. “In the meantime, I hope you’re in the habit of sleeping with one eye open.”
“That’s enough, Sergeant Tori,” said a familiar deep voice.
Everyone turned and Tori stiffened. “Officer on deck!” Everyone, including Riddick, stood at attention and saluted Kenner, the biggest and coolest African American Marine Riddick had ever met.
“At ease.” Kenner marched onto the grass and Riddick perked at the sight of him wearing his fighter pilot jump suit. “I’ll take Riddick from here.”
“Yes, sir,” Tori said. “You heard him, Riddick. Go.”
Riddick grabbed his gear bag lined up with all the others next to the sidewalk, gave his flight a cursory glance, then fell in step beside Kenner, one of the Marines who’d found him on Furya three years ago. The two began marching towards the hangars as Riddick removed his sparring gear and stuffed it in his bag.
Once they were out of earshot, Kenner said, “Getting in trouble again?”
“They’re just butt-hurt they can’t beat me in a fair fight.”
“I saw you from the other end of the quad. Why did Tori try to sucker punch you?” He sounded annoyed.
“I took a cheap shot at Russel after Sarge blew the whistle.”
Kenner let out a frustrated sigh. “You know better than that.”
“He deserves worse.”
“Doesn’t matter. It’s not your place. This is why you keep getting into trouble.”
“I don’t regret punching him.”
They turned down a diagonal sidewalk as two jets took off over the distant tree line. “You need to pick and choose your fights, and wisely.”
“But I can win.”
“That’s not what I mean. I’m talking rhetorically.”
“I know but--”
Kenner held up a hand. “They’re not worth getting in trouble over. You’ve been balancing on the edge of getting court marshaled every since you graduated from boot camp. Do you really want to go to jail because of pathetic people like Russel and Tori?”
“I didn’t mean to grab his wrist like that. I just reacted.”
“I know. I saw. But you’ve got to get that under control. You act on a fighter’s instinct too much.”
“I try. I can’t help it. It’s how I survived all those years alone.”
“I understand. You’ve gotten better over the past three years. Putting that up against a good fifteen years living like a predatory animal, I’d say you’re doing very well. People just forget where you’ve come from.”
“No they don’t,” Riddick said darkly. “That’s why they bully me. They don’t think I deserve to be a Marine.”
“You’ve been one for two years. That’s just too bad for them. And you’re a damn good one.”
“Thank you, sir.” They showed their IDs at the gate leading into the airstrip and walked in among hovercraft vehicles coming and going. “Those years in the jungle are all a blur now.”
“Welcome to getting older,” Kenner said with a grin. “Now let’s go blow off some steam.”
Riddick took a quick shower before donning his own jump suit and following Kenner to two XGV-47s, agile two-seater craft suited for dog fights and had decent legs for intergalactic travel. Riddick had taken to flying right out of boot camp. Aircrafts fascinated him. He felt safest when in the air, where no one could touch him. He had a feeling this comfort stemmed from all the times he’d spent in trees, away from the bulk of predators.
He was on track to do space scouting, just like Waters, Kenner, and the others.
He and Kenner clocked in an hour of practice maneuvers and mock dogfights with harmless laser lights hooked up to a scoring system. Riddick smiled through it all, even when Kenner gave him tips and corrections over the radio. Towards the end, they competed with each other, racing through a practiced routine of maneuvers and stunts. Kenner always won, but Riddick didn’t care. He was catching up to his mentor’s decades of experience.

11.
Riddick normally ate all his meals in the cafeteria, regardless of how much anyone picked on him, but tonight Waters invited him to dinner and gave him a heads up that her family and squad would be there. Such gatherings never took place unless it was someone’s birthday or a holiday. Riddick was almost certain tonight wasn’t a birthday, since she hadn’t told him to go buy a card.
He wore his BDU pants, combat boots, and a white t-shirt to dinner, his version of casual attire. He hated dressing up, even though Waters always fussed over how handsome he looked in a suit and tie. At least her attention and approving smile made the cramped clothes worth the discomfort.
“Riddick! Hi!” Waters swung her door wide and pulled him into a tight hug, which he returned as he breathed in the scent of her hair. Sensepert’s Sweet pea, her favorite shampoo. She also smelled lightly of a flowery perfume.
“Good evening, Waters.” They let go and Riddick presented her with a yellow rose. “Pond taught me to always bring a gift whenever I don’t know the occasion.”
Beaming, Waters took the rose and inhaled its aroma. “You certainly didn’t have to but I’m glad you did. Thank you. Come on in. Dinner’s almost ready.” She threaded an arm in his, guiding him down the short hall and into the kitchen of her base ranch house. “The guest of the evening has arrived!” Waters positioned Riddick so he stood in front of her.
Riddick took in Waters’ family and squad with some trepidation. Not only did he not like being the center of attention, he didn’t like large groups of people. He wasn’t agoraphobic; just had a particular comfort zone. His present company wasn’t so bad, since he knew everyone, but one or two people at a time worked best for him. In groups like this, he didn’t know how to act, so he often quietly sat back and observed everyone. If people spoke with him, he conversed. Other than that, he just listened and watched everything he could.
Waters and the others clapped and cheered, then beckoned him to a long, cloth-covered table laden with plates, silverware, and snack foods. Devan and Tanya, the niece and nephew ran over and crushed his waist in hugs. “Congratulations!” they both said.
Hugging the kids back, Riddick gave Waters a raised eyebrow. Everyone except her was dressed casually for comfort. She wore a blouse and dress pants, ever the figure of professionalism, but he knew it was just a mask, just one side of her. He’d seen the loving one at the door, when they’d hugged. He’d seen a lot of it, until he’d become a Marine. After that, she’d treated him more like one of her soldier and an adult. He respected and cared about her more than anyone, but he was never sure how to show it.
She retrieved a vase from under the kitchen sink and began filling it with water. “You’re accompanying my squad and I on our next deep-space mission. It should almost guarantee your promotion to E-4.”
“Provided that you behave in the meantime,” Kenner said lightly. “Think you can handle one more month of good behavior?”
Waters clipped the rose’s stem and set the flower and vase on the island counter. “Something happen recently?”
“Just Tori being a bully,” Kenner said. “I handled it.”
Waters let out a defeated sigh, then adjusted how the rose sat in the vase. “Him and Fink both, but Fink thinks I’m playing favorites.”
“He hasn’t see Riddick fly, has he?”
“Nor does he care about his scores at the rifle range and such.”
“So he’s playing un-favorites,” Pond said. “Oh, well. At least Riddick gets to come with us.”
“That he does. And we’ve got grilled ribs, macaroni and cheese, and grill-roasted veggies to celebrate. Who’s hungry?”
***
Dinner was great. The company was great. Conversation was great. They even let him have one beer. Riddick didn’t like the taste but he sipped at it until the bottle was empty so he’d feel more like he fit in. It seemed to work. It was the most he’d talked with that many people in one gathering before.
Hours later, Riddick and Waters stood side by side, finishing up washing and drying the last of the dishes. After everyone else had gone home or back to their barracks, she’d finally loosened up a little and taken off her blouse, sporting the tank top underneath, yet apologized for her casual getup. Riddick didn’t mind. It gave him an excellent view of all her curves. He found her beautiful; so were countless other women, but there was something about Waters that was far more alluring.
Waters deposited a handful of silverware in the drying rack. “I have a little present for you, Riddick. I’ll be right back.” She snatched a corner of Riddick’s drying towel as he wiped a plate, then she left the kitchen.
He wordlessly dried off the silverware and stowed them in a drawer as he tried to guess what the surprise was. His imagination went all over the place, until Waters returned, holding a necklace in one hand. Silver, medium-sized chain, and a carved metal object on the end. He caught sight of two sets of elongated claws. Could it be...? He discarded the towel and snatched up the necklace and dangled it in front of his face. It was a figure of his favorite X-Men character, Wolverine, who posed with his arms crossed, metal claws out, a glare on his face crowned by his trademark wild hair.
“I thought you might like that, seeing as how you two are a bit alike.”
“Thank you, ma’am!” He looped the chain over his head and tucked the figure under his shirt.
“I was going to give it to you before dinner but I forgot after you gave me my rose.” She turned around and faced the rose, caressing its curved petals. “Such a nice rose. I’m glad Pond did more than try to corrupt you.” She yawned into a fist.
Riddick tentatively placed his hands on Waters’ bare shoulders. “May I?”
“I think a shoulder massage is exactly what I need right now. I’m so tense after bickering almost nonstop with Fink all week.”
He began kneading the meat of her shoulders, paying attention to where he felt stiffness and knots, and methodically eased them all out. His heart raced with the thrill touching her like this. Even though Waters was his guardian, they rarely touched or interacted like a mother and son. He couldn’t deny that every child needed parental figures in their lives but he was thankful that wasn’t how their relationship had grown. They were more mentor-student, but he wasn’t a child anymore.
He shuffled so his toes were on either side of her feet, their bodies as close as possible without touching. He leaned in and breathed in the scent of her shoulder-length hair. This was the smell of beautiful. He pulled some hair aside, exposing her neck. He inhaled again and planted a kiss just below her ear.
Gasping, Waters spun around and seized his wrists. “Riddick, what are you doing? Don’t do that.” She stared at him, eyes wide.
“But you want it.” Regardless of her grip, he caressed her jaw line, admiring the smoothness of her skin and the shape of her face.
“Not from you.” She gently pushed his hand away. “You’ve seen me date a couple men in the last few years. It’s inappropriate for such things between you and me. I’m your guardian. You should be chasing girls your age.”
“I don’t want them. They’re not like you.”
“Oh, Riddick.” She pulled him into a hug and lay her cheek on his shoulder. “You’re very young and both very handsome and intelligent. You have such a bright future ahead of--”
“We’re not related. You’re beautiful and intelligent. I can protect you.” He could tell she was trying hard to be gentle with her words but he couldn’t bring himself to believe she’d reject him so fast. Her body was saying one thing but her words another. Maybe he’d tried too soon, rushed into making an advance too fast.
Waters pulled away and gave him a hard look. “Riddick, stop. I am your mother and guardian. We are family. Do you understand?”
Bowing his head, he lowered his hands to his sides. “I’m sorry.”
She let out a weary sigh, then put her hands on his shoulders. “I’ve watched you grow up a lot--a lot--these past three years. Just wait a few more and you’ll start seeing in other women what you see in me. I promise. I love you. I always will, and as my son.”
Waters didn’t drop the “I love you” line lightly. This was maybe the third time Riddick remembered her saying those words, and he knew she meant it every time. While he still felt heartbroken, her words balmed the flat-out rejection. He pulled her into a possessive hug. This night wouldn’t stop his need to protect her and keep her safe. She would always be his.
“And never hesitate to keep bringing me flowers. I always like them too.”
“I will.” He’d bring a hundred flowers a day if that’s what it took to woo her. It didn’t matter for how long. He could be patient and wait a few years. They mutually let go.
“Now go get some sleep. You’ll be doing a lot of training with Kenner and Spark for the next month. We need to impress the higher-ups so Fink’s grumbling won’t have any bearing on your next promotion.” She kissed his cheek and saw him off.

12.
Riddick took a roundabout route to his dorm, taking out his Wolverine necklace now and then to admire it. They definitely shared strong animal sides, fierce tempers, and ruthless fighting ability, but every time Riddick fought, he tended to get into trouble, even though he wasn’t the one starting fights. He knew better than that. It was better to let others start it so he could finish it.
The only problem was, it was never a fair fight when the authorities weren’t looking. Lucky for him, he we able to heal unusually fast--not quite like the Wolverine, but something similar. That and he had a knack for escaping situations unfavorable to him. His unique physical traits were a blessing and curse. They were both why he got picked on and bullied, yet why he’d gotten where he was today. If he could perform well on Waters’ mission and get promoted, then he’d be dealing with a few less idiots.
Something about the barracks’ atmosphere felt off, like he was walking into danger. The lighting was normal, the tiled floors spotless and shiny, and the security guards had even let him in with no subliminal indication that anything was off-kilter, but something was. 
He headed down the hall along the right side, his fingers itching for his knife. When he reached his door, he noticed that the coding shined green from being unlocked, which it shouldn’t have been, and he heard the rhythmic slap of flesh on flesh of two people having sex. What the hell?
Riddick drew his knife, adrenaline coursing through his system. He heaved the door open and lunged inside, then froze at the sight of Russel humping some girl tied to his bed, his BDU pants around his boots. He was taking her from behind while Thompson, their fellow flight member watched on. His hulking frame was seated at Riddick’s desk with his combat boots propped up on his pillows. Bastards!
His peers paused at the sight of him, giving Riddick a second to notice that the girl’s face was red, eyes watery and a gag in her mouth. She looked twelve, thirteen. His blood boiled hotter.
“Well lookie here,” Russel said nonchalantly. “The criminal has finally made it to the crime scene.” He pulled out and the girl whimpered, then he pulled up his pants.
Thompson got to his feet and cracked his knuckles. “Want me to hold him down for you, Russel?” he said in his nasally voice.
“Be my guest.” Russel bent over the girl. “The one who raped you is Riddick. Look at him real good right now. You tell anyone it was me and I’ll kill you. Got it?” Fresh tears rolled down her puffy cheeks and she nodded. Russel faced Riddick and thumbed his stitched brow. “You haven’t learned from all the towel parties, freak. Never undermine your flight leader.” He took out a cell phone and nodded to Thompson. He dialed three numbers.
Thompson came at Riddick fast but his eyes gave away that he was going for the head. Riddick used Thompson’s momentum to skirt around and wrap his neck in one arm as he pressed his knife to his attacker’s spine. Thompson went stock-still.
A female voice sounded from Russel’s cell phone as he kept his eyes locked on Riddick’s. “Hello, ma’am, I need an ambulance to HQMC’s barracks, building seven-two-two, room one-three-zero.”
“Don’t you dare!” Riddick snarled, crushing his knife in his grip.
Russel smiled, baring his teeth. “Yes, ma’am. My friend and I walked in on someone raping a minor. We’ve got him in custody.”
Thompson elbowed Riddick in the stomach and bashed him in the face with the back of his skull. Stars erupted all over his vision. He slashed at the spine in front of him, then clutched the bridge of his nose.
Thompson went down, cursing.
“Shit, he just stabbed my friend. Hurry with the ambulance!” Russel’s phone beeped once. A moment later, his voice sounded from close to the floor. “Sergeant Tori, hurry over to Riddick’s room. He just stabbed Thompson!”
Riddick shook his head out and the stars began to disperse. He felt dizzy and disoriented but the rage coursing through him kept him conscious.
The girl lay dead still in his bed and Russel was kneeling over Thompson, who was clutching his lower back.
“Shit, Russel, I can’t feel my legs. I can’t feel them!” He continued cursing and writhing, but he moved only his torso.
The sight ate at Riddick’s rage but now wasn’t the time for empathy. He lowered into a fighting stance, knife ready.
Russel said, “You think I’m that stupid, freak?” He drew a firearm from his hip and took aim. “You’re not weaseling out of this.”
Staring down the darkened barrel, Riddick’s brain flew through a series of scenarios, weighing several decisions and their outcomes. Out of all of them, one jumped at him.
Russel switched off the safety.
With his greater-than-human speed, Riddick flipped the knife in his grip, then chucked it as he dodged. The knife buried itself to the hilt in Russel’s neck as he fired a round, the bullet sending concrete raining all over the room and the report making his ears hurt. That’d wake everyone in the barracks. Russel’s body slumped to the floor, his shocked expression seared into Riddick’s memory.
“Russel?” Thompson called. “Russel? Oh, god. Somebody hel--!”
Riddick kicked him in the head, hard enough to knock him out but hopefully not hard enough to kill him. There was no advantage to killing him as well. In fact, it’d make his horrible predicament worse. He threw together clothes, his firearm, and wallet, discarded his cell phone on his desk so no one could track him, then stood over Russel, who was lying in a pool of blood of both his and Thompson’s. Riddick looked away as he pulled his knife free with a squelch, then covered his mouth, vomit rising in his throat. He swallowed as the sensation of a serrated blade scraping along bone replayed in his head over and over, until he heard a girl whimper. 
The girl!
Riddick went over and slashed the torn sheets binding her to his bead, then paused with the bloody knife poised between them. She’d be scarred for life after all this. It would be a mercy to kill her. She looked to be only twelve or thirteen. Her ravaged, half-naked body was caught in the middle of the transformation from girl to woman, her hands and feet disproportionately large, hips narrow, and legs beginning to grow long. She bunched the sheets around her like a cocoon. Riddick almost asked if she needed him to kill her. Instead, he wiped his knife on the bed, then tucked it back into hiding. “Will you tell them the truth?”
She hesitated, her wild, fearful gaze bouncing between her and the two men on the floor. “What if he tries to kill me too?”
“Do you want me to kill him for you?”
Her eyes widened even more and her face paled as she sank deeper into the sheets.
“Never mind. Just tell the cops Russel threatened to kill you if you told the truth, okay?” The girl swallowed and said nothing. He glanced out the window and hesitated. If he fled the scene, it’d look bad for him. If he took the girl home before the authorities could intercept him, it’d help his case. Hopefully. “I’ll take you home. Where do you live?”
“On b-base. Chickadee Street.”
Riddick wasn’t sure where that was but that didn’t matter. He found her skirt and flip flops on the floor and tossed them to her. “Are you feeling well enough to guide us there?” She just stared at him like a catatonic rodent. Heaving a sigh, he snatched her clothing and slipped everything on her, shouldered his duffle bag, then opened the window and scooped her into his arms. She wasn’t heavy now but after five minutes she would be.
She started whimpering and crying as he slung her over his shoulder and he crawled out the window. Once he hit the ground, he swung her back into his arms. “Which way?” She looked around, then pointed east. He took off, keeping to the shadows.
***
Fifteen minutes later, Riddick set the girl on her front doorstep and took a moment to catch his breath before ringing the doorbell. Sirens wailed in the distance as two sets of feet scrambled for the front door from within. The door flew open. Parents. The mother burst into tears and dropped to her knees, arms wide.
“Colleen! You’re alive! We were worried sick!”
A red-faced glare smothered the father’s surprise and relief when he lay eyes on Riddick. “Who the hell are you and what are you doing with my daughter?”
Colleen fell into her mother’s arms. The father looked down and, at the same time as Riddick, noticed the blood trail running down Colleen’s legs. The father made fists but Riddick ran off before the man finished crossing the threshold.
How could he be so stupid? Of course the daughter had to have been missing a while. A strange man showing up on their doorstep with a ravaged daughter they’d been worried sick about... Riddick would’ve reacted the same in the father’s place if Colleen had been Waters. Damn it, he should’ve left her for the cops.
Still sticking to the shadows, Riddick snuck his way to Waters’ house, even though cops would more than likely be there. Sure enough, three cruisers were parked in front. He took mental note of the crescent moon’s position, then climbed an oak tree and started playing the waiting game. Chances were they wouldn’t leave until the next shift arrived, not while he was a wanted murderer. But he had to see Waters. She had to know how to salvage his situation.
***
An estimated four hours later, the cruisers finally departed without waiting for relief. His gut told him it still wasn’t safe but he had maybe an hour left before the sun started coming up. The cruisers paused at the intersection before driving out of sight.
Duffle bag still over his shoulders, he left the tree and crossed the street via a spot where two lights barely overlapped, heart pounding away until reached the safety of darkness on the other side. He’d half expected German shepherds to start barking and flood lights to bear down on him.
The kitchen light poured onto a rectangular patch of grass. Deciding against using even the back door, he set his duffle bag under a line of trees separating two houses and snuck up to the side of the house.
Waters stood before the island counter, staring at the flower he’d given her, face red from crying. His heart sank. Before one night could pass, he’d thrown away his entire career, just like that. All that hard work over the last three years for nothing, just because of one fellow soldier’s pride. Riddick stepped into the light and rapped on the windowpane with a knuckle.
Waters jumped and clutched her chest, and then their eyes met. Hers went wide with shock and fresh tears welled.
Riddick gestured to himself, pointed to her, then held up a hand questioningly. She swallowed and gave him the slightest of headshakes. A man’s voice yelled to her.
She turned in the direction of the voice. “I’m fine! Just a little jumpy.”
Riddick’s heart sank even lower. No wonder the cruisers hadn’t waited for replacements...
Waters snuck up to the sink, turned on the faucet and took out a glass from the drying rack, then reached over and cracked the window open. “Oh, Riddick, what happened?” she whispered in a thick voice.
The hurt in her voice made Riddick’s throat tighten. “I’ve been framed for rape.”
“And murder?”
“Russel shot at me. I reacted.”
“Oh, god. Are you hurt?” Her face screwed up and fresh tears rolled down her face.
“No, ma’am.”
She filled the glass and set it aside, then turned off the faucet. “I’m so sorry all this happened. You need to turn yourself in and tell them the truth.”
“To what point and purpose? They won’t believe me.” Saying that made him picture flying with Kenner. Those days were officially a thing of the past. His career was ruined.
“We’ll find a way to salvage this. Don’t jump to conclusions.”
“Can we meet somewhere safer to talk?” He shifted out of the light and pressed his back to the house. He suddenly felt like he was being watched. “Where’s the officer in your house?”
She took a few seconds to answer, hopefully because she was checking to make sure. “Sitting on the couch reading a book.”
“How many more are there? I saw three cruisers drive off.”
“Just him. The others left on another call.”
Her tone was sincere. He believed her. However, there had to be someone in the darkness watching him, but all he could see were trees, houses, and his bag. “Can we meet tomorrow night?”
“Riddick, just turn yourself in. Please. You won’t even make it off base. They’ll do thermal sweeps and everything.”
The odds of him escaping the base were almost nonexistent, but not impossible, not if he played the waiting game smartly. If he stayed away from the walls and in semi-plain sight long enough, the authorities would have to assume he’d found a way to sneak off base. Once they did, he could steal an XGT-47 and take to the stars. He’d get chased, but they’d have a hell of a time pursuing him across galaxies. “Say you’ll meet me.”
“I’d love to but they’ll follow me everywhere. You’re asking to get caught.”
“Then...” He swallowed. “Then this is goodbye, Jade Waters. Thank you for everything. I’ll try to return one day.” He brushed his fingers over the Wolverine necklace.
“Goodbye.” The farewell was so faint and choked up that he barely heard it over the swish of the window closing. The kitchen light shut off, throwing him in darkness, minus the moonlight. Riddick swallowed again and took a moment to absorb the scope of the situation.
He was making huge sacrifices for the sake of his freedom. No more friends. No more family. No more rising through the military ranks. At least there’d be no more dealing with the people who went out of their way to make his life miserable, but that didn’t matter compared to all that he’d lost.
Heaving a sigh, he snuck over to his duffle bag. Two men tackled him as he bent for it. Next thing he knew, his face was in the grass and his wrists in cuffs.
13.
Riddick sat in a holding cell, waiting to be called to trial for rape and second-degree murder. The cell had three metal walls, something tough, dark, and featureless. He had a metal bunk with a slab of memory foam and a brick for a pillow. No blankets, even though there was no place to hang himself if he wanted to. The fourth wall was reinforced glass with a sliding door, and pin-sized holes for sound to get through. Air came through a vent in the vaulted ceiling.
Thompson was alive and crippled. Russel was dead and to be buried in a few days. Tori would be present to speak his word against Riddick’s, as would Fink, who would most likely shed as much negative light on him as possible.
They might as well skip the motions of going through the trial and just tell him his sentence. The sooner he learned which cell was to be assigned to him, the sooner he could return to his escape plan. He didn’t care that he was going to be found guilty, nor what his punishment was. He wasn’t going to sit there and take it once this was all over.
A heavy door clanged open. Boots with metal heels clicked down the hall towards Riddick, a sound that used to instill fear during his boot camp days. Now it was an alert that another pompous jarhead was approaching.
The king of pompousness stood at ease on the other side of the glass. Fink. Riddick’s fingers twitched for his knife, which had been confiscated as evidence.
Wait, despite their clashing, why would the sight of this man fill Riddick with a need for more killing?
Fink looked down at him with all the arrogant superiority in the world. “Hello, Riddick. Still arrogant, I see. Still think you’re in control of the situation, huh? Before everything gets started, I just wanted to thank you for finally handing me your court martial on a silver platter. I knew you were trouble from the moment I met you.”
Riddick said nothing, his blood boiling. This man had tried so hard for two years to get Riddick booted out of the Marines, given Waters constant hell for all the crap she had to put up with for defending him, and Fink had done everything in his power to stagnate Riddick’s rise in the ranks, which hadn’t worked. He wanted to kill this man. The want frightened him, but rage kept his fear at bay. This reaction wasn’t normal. He knew it. He’d been disciplined countless times for his violent streak, and lectured frequently by Waters. He knew murder was wrong, but right now it seemed like a solution. Was something wrong with him, or was this normal for his alien kind?
“By the way, prisoner or not, you should still be standing at attention when one of your superiors enters the room.”
“You’re not my superior.” The words came out cold and matter-of-fact.
Fink narrowed his eyes, thought a moment, then broke into a smile. “Jumping to conclusions, I see. Keep digging yourself a deeper hole, Riddick. I’ve no problem with that. You’re just feeding one of two outcomes.” He held up a finger. “One: you become a lab rat. Your violent nature leads me to believe there’s more to your kind lurking below the surface. For the safety of America and this world, it would be best to uncover it.”
“Fuck you.” Those two words felt so good to say but did nothing to temper his boiling rage. Riddick could discipline himself enough to escape without committing murder, but if there were any confrontations, he wouldn’t hesitate. Kill or be killed.
“If you prove to be an uncooperative and dangerous lab rat, we’ll have to resort to option two: a death sentence. If you lash out like a wild animal, we will put you down like one. The military hasn’t executed one of its own in centuries but, since you weren’t born or bred on American soil, I guess that streak won’t end.” He clasped his hands behind his back. “For both our sakes, I hope you be the good lab rat. I don’t want your death; just you out of my ranks, and to answer some long-standing questions that’ve been bugging me since before Waters found you.”
“Like hell I’ll give you answers.”
Fink’s arrogant expression remained unchanged. “Then it’ll be a slow painful death for you. If we’re lucky, your body will give up answers against your will.”
Riddick glared at him. No way in hell he’d let any scientists do that to him, especially when he didn’t know what they were looking for. He had half a mind to lie and say that he’d cooperate if Fink would tell him which world he was from. After all these years, he didn’t know. It’d become classified before he’d learned enough English to retain the name. He was just “freak” or “alien” or “Riddick.” Richard B. Riddick. Now he was a killer on top of all that, a killer and no longer a Marine.
If this was how people were going to treat him for the rest of his life, then fuck them.
Still, it bugged him to not know his origins. He knew he’d heard the name of his home world several times, but the information was kept from him once he started schooling. Waters had told him to stop asking since he was safer not knowing.
“One way or another, Riddick, I will get my way.”
Riddick bit back a retort. He didn’t want to give anyone clues that he was already forming escape plans. Instead, he got up and stood close to the door, just a hand’s length from Fink. The only thing keeping the bastard alive at this moment was the reinforced glass.
Fink shuffled a step back, his smile waning.
That was all Riddick needed. Let the bastard needle him all he wanted. Riddick refused to sink to his level. “What’s the matter? Afraid of a caged animal?”
Fink puffed himself up. “Like hell I’m afraid of you.”
Riddick slammed the glass with both hands and the cell echoed with their thunks. Fink jumped back and raised his fists. Riddick broke into a smile.
Fink’s face reddened with both embarrassment and contained fury. He brushed off the front of his dress uniform and summoned his inflated ego. “Use all the scare tactics you want, alien. I’ll be finally getting my way in a few hours.” He marched off, slamming the heavy door behind him with all his might. The hallway echoed with its boom.
Riddick lowered his hands. “No you won’t.”

14. 
Cuffs around his wrists and ankles, Riddick was escorted to the courtroom and seated by his assigned lawyer, Barry Chase, some tall gangly man who looked like he loved making money. Riddick didn’t trust him or his bored expression.
Chase leaned towards him and spoke in a low voice. “I wanted to talk to you more before the trial but they wouldn’t grant me access to you. It was really strange, but I’ll see what I can do today.”
Chase sounded sincere but Riddick didn’t care about what good the lawyer could accomplish. He wanted to hurry up and get this over with. He clenched his jaw and looked at the empty judge’s podium reaching ten feet into the air. Varnished mahogany wood. Not one scratch or scuff. Six jury members, three on each side of the podium, sat five feet off the ground, high enough to look down at most anyone. The lighting over their heads made them look large and imposing, and they held themselves like they knew this. Fink and Tori stood with one other jury member, idly chatting away as if the impending trial was a minor thing.
Centered before the judge’s podium lay a disc the size of a truck tire, the hot seat. It had a floating circular metal banister meant to keep occupants from falling into the void, which engulfed the space between the judge and where Riddick and Chase sat. They were positioned opposite one half of the jury, an empty table and chairs sitting opposite the other half.
The space behind him contained the audience, witnesses for this trial. Waters sat among a few dozen strangers, along with Kenner and the rest of her squad. Riddick snapped his gaze forward when Waters looked up. He couldn’t bring himself to make eye contact as his blood boiled anew. The hurt on the entire squad’s faces made him want to break his chains, burst out of his chair, and strangle Thompson, who sat opposite the squad in the audience. Thompson had backed up Russel’s lies, no doubt.
The judge, Mr. Lyman, appeared in his podium, this walrus of a man in a traditional black robe, and everyone present joined the armed soldiers in standing, until they were given permission to be seated. Formalities were observed between judged, jury, and the lawyer, and then two guards escorted Riddick to the disc, chains jingling away. A narrow path stretched to the disc at the guard’s command and Riddick crossed it as the banister rose higher. He took position in the center and the banister lowered to waist-level. He was sworn in to tell the truth, the soldiers returned to their post and the path retracted, leaving Riddick stranded and at the mercy of “justice.” A bright overhead light came to life with a thunk and bore down on him, almost blinding him from seeing outside the cone of light.
This felt more like an interrogation than a trial. Maybe that’s all it would be. He wouldn’t put it past these people. A few SkyCams flitted around, focusing on him, the audience, and Judge Lyman, who was studying a glowing holo-panel on one side of his podium. A lot of people were eagerly anticipating today, the downfall of some alien freak and his ejection from the military.
Lyman adjusted his glasses and looked Riddick’s way. “Richard B. Riddick, you are here today because you’ve been charged with raping a minor, along with second degree murder of a Marine. How do you plead?” He had a big voice to match his big waistline.
“Not guilty of rape and the other was an act of self defense.”
“Alright, then.” He passed a hand over the document. “Let’s settle this rape business first.” He propped his elbows on the podium and motioned for Chase to begin.
Computer tablet tucked under an arm, Chase approached the void and a second disc slid out of the floor. He stepped onto it and joined Riddick as a second light thunked to life directly above him, and he began typing something into his tablet. A wall-sized projector frame assembled above the empty table and chairs, and a document winked to life inside the frame. Chase faced Riddick. “I have here an alibi signed by eleven people that states you were present at First Sergeant Jade Waters’ home the night Colleen Wrekkio was raped. Is this alibi true?”
“Yes, sir.”
“It also says that you didn’t leave Waters’ house until around twenty two hundred, well after the rest of those but Waters on the alibi, and over an hour after Ms. Wrekkio was said to have left her house without permission. Is your departure time correct?”
“Yes, sir.” He didn’t remember the exact time but it sounded right.
“Yet you were the one to bring her back.”
“She was scared.”
“Why not wait for the police to arrive? Why not let them take care of things?”
“I should have.”
Chase nodded thoughtfully. “So then why did you run from the Wrekkio household?”
The hologram blinked, changing into a redacted police report, the father’s description of the scene highlighted. “The father was furious. He didn’t look like he was in the mood for explanations.”
“Shouldn’t you have at least tried?”
Riddick began feeling impatient. “She had blood down her legs and was frightened out of her mind. Her father wouldn’t have believed a thing I said.”
“Being a father myself, I consider that plausible.” Chase faced the judge. “Your honor, I’d like to call Colleen Wrekkio to the stand.”
The judge granted permission. A soldier escorted Colleen and her parents onto a third disc twice as large as Riddick’s. Colleen looked terrified in her stool, ready to cry. Riddick felt self-conscious in his chains and cuffs, even though he’d done nothing to the girl. What a monsters he must’ve looked like now. The parents held their chins high, their mouths thin lines and eyes full of anger as they stood behind their daughter. Lyman politely warned them to keep quiet and not interfere with the trial.
Chase’s and Riddick’s discs switched places so the lawyer stood before the Wrekkio family. “Miss Wrekkio,” he said to the daughter, “before I start asking questions, I just want to let you know I’m sorry you went through something so horrific, and if at any time you find yourself unable to continue, I’ll stop, okay?”
Colleen nodded, eyes glistening.
“Miss Wrekkio, you haven’t made a formal statement yet. Would you be willing to do that now?”
She nodded again.
“Thank you. This is really important. None of the three men involved in this suit have a history of sexual abuse, so the jury needs your testimony to help make the right ruling. Do you understand? Excellent. Please tell us who... who hurt you that night.”
Colleen teared up. She looked at Riddick, then at audience, right where Thompson was seated. She whimpered and cowered against her mother’s skirt.
Riddick tensed up as Chase pointed at him. “Was it him?” Colleen shook her head fervently. A wave of murmuring spread through the courtroom and the jury began whispering to each other. Riddick let go of the breath he was holding, having feared the girl would lie because Thompson was still alive. And then he realized he did somewhat care about how the trial unfolded.
“Was it Thompson?” Chase pointed into the audience at the Marine in a wheelchair. Colleen shook her head again and wiped her eyes. Chase changed the image in the holo-panel to a picture of Russel in dress uniform, staring everyone down. “Was it him?” the lawyer said unhappily.
Burying her face in her mother’s side, Colleen started crying. Her mother spoke soothing words. The father stopped glaring at Riddick to study Russel’s headshot, brows furrowed with confusion. After a few seconds, he put a hand on his daughter’s shoulder and sent an apologetic look Riddick’s way.
It was a small victory. Now everyone knew, including Waters and her squad. He was one step closer to looking them in the eye again. Still, by the look on Fink’s face, the testimony wasn’t remotely enough to change today’s outcome but Riddick didn’t care. Once he had closure, he’d escape and leave Earth. Maybe never come back. A huge sacrifice but it was the best course of action. There was nothing here for an alien freak like him.
Chase faced the judge. “Your honor, this affects the validity of the second charge. I have so many questions for the witness but I don’t believe she can continue at this time.”
Judge Lyman spoke to Colleen, who accepted the offered recess. The audience began gossiping in hushed voices as the SkyCams zipped around for good angles. Lyman turned to his documents and began typing up notes as the jury excused themselves. Fink glanced at Chase, then hurried out of sight. 
Dread rose in Riddick’s chest as his disc twisted around and a pathway stretched towards him. He kept telling himself that he didn’t care about the verdict but he was lying to himself. He wanted to be viewed as more than a dangerous killer, to fit into society somehow. Logically, he shouldn’t want those things but they felt instinctual. The guards motioned him over, the banister rose out of the way, and he wordlessly began walking.
“Hurry up, Riddick,” one of the soldiers snapped.
Ignoring the guard, Riddick scanned his path leading to the side exit and his holding cell. Chase approached the table, just two glasses, a pitcher of water, and a sleek briefcase atop it. Chase had only a tablet and phone on his person; nothing in his pockets for Riddick to snatch and use for an escape. The two soldiers had plenty on their person. If he could just grab a few bullets from a magazine...
The soldiers shoved him along, robbing him of an opportunity to steal anything, and keeping him at arm’s length. The side door swung open, revealing Fink on the other side. He waved to chase. 
“Barry, I need to speak with you in private.”
Chase set his tablet computer on the table and disappeared through the door at a brisk walk.
No wonder Riddick didn’t trust the lawyer. He was on a first-name basis with Fink. So that’s how he’d been picked for this case... Same had to go for the jury. Anyone ranked above Fink would be none the wiser. All of the court officials were bought and paid for. None of them cared about Riddick’s extraterrestrial ass.
He glanced at Waters before being shoved through the doorway. The ankle cuffs were chained too close together to allow him to break into a run. He allowed himself to stumble and lose balance but both soldiers grabbed his arms.
“Don’t even try to play the victim,” the impatient one snapped, “or I will pop one in your knee, you murderous bastard.”
Ah, so that one had a personal investment in the trial. Fink had been real thorough with surrounding Riddick with enemies. At least he hadn’t been able to ban Waters from attending.

15.
Colleen clutched a tissue box in one hand and a wad of tissues in the other as she described what happened that night, how Russel had enticed her with the prospect of a good time. She was the little sister of another flight member. That’s how she’d been picked. That’s how they’d gotten her to come along so easily. Riddick clenched his fists as he listened to the series of events leading up to his arrival.
Chase stood on a disc between Riddick and the Wrekkio family, listening intently, asking for details here and there, and occasionally reminding her to give verbal responses, instead of shrugging or shaking her head. The lawyer hadn’t gotten on her case during the first round since she’d been so scared. Tears still lay below the surface but she was doing a decent job of controlling them. 
Chase said, “And when Riddick entered the room, did he have a weapon already drawn?”
Colleen thought a moment. “He was holding a knife.”
Chase faced Riddick. “Riddick, why would you feel the need to enter your own room while armed?”
Riddick could tell where this was going; however, he had no choice but to answer the questions. “My dorm was unlocked when it shouldn’t have been.”
“You didn’t entertain the possibility of a hiccup in the system?”
“No, sir.” That’d happened maybe twice in two years, and both times hadn’t filled him with wariness.
“Why rush to the conclusion there were dangerous people in your room? You live on a military base, one of the safest places in the country.”
Riddick narrowed his eyes. “Not safe enough to stop a girl from gating raped.”
A grimace touched the lawyer’s face before he regained his composure. “Answer my question. Why rush to such a conclusion?”
“Some people don’t like me.”
“They don’t like you enough for you to feel the need to walk around armed at all times?” Chase raised an eyebrow.
“It’s not against the law to carry weapons.”
Chase gestured to the holo-screen. “It says in your records that you’ve been in a lot of fights with your fellow soldiers over the past two years. Why?”
“What does this have to do with the murder charge?”
“Your records suggest that you’re becoming progressively more violent. Now you’ve killed someone. There appears to be a pattern here.”
“It was out of self-defense.”
“Yet you stepped into your room with a weapon drawn.” Chase faced Colleen again. “Miss Wrekkio, what happened after Riddick entered the room?”
She said, “Riddick and Thompson fought, then Thompson went down and started swearing a lot.”
“Who started the fight?”
“I don’t remember. All I remember after Thompson going down is a gun going off, and then Riddick packing a bag.”
Chase faced Riddick. “Why did you start packing?”
“Russel called 9-1-1. He was trying to frame me for rape. On top of that, I’d hurt Thompson pretty bad without meaning to, and killed Russel out of self-defense. If anyone walked in on the scene with me still there, it would’ve looked bad.”
“Running has made you look guilty. Is there something else you’re trying to hide?”
“No, sir,” he said angrily, getting fed up with having everything twisted against him. He wanted to snap at Chase to hurry up and ask the jury for their ruling.
“Why did you kill Russel, instead of maim him as well?”
Riddick stumbled over the question. He’d never tried to kill anyone before, but he’d buried the knife in Russel’s neck without flinching, the aimed throw feeling instinctive. It’d preserved his own life. “He aimed his firearm at me. I reacted. I felt my life was in imminent danger. That’s it, sir.”
“This was not premeditated, despite how much you two have clashed in the past?”
“No, sir.”
Chase turned to Judge Lyman. “Your Honor, it appears to me that Mr. Russel may have drawn his firearm out of self-defense, considering that Riddick entered the room with a weapon drawn, then proceeded to maim Thompson. Russel must have drawn his firearm to protect himself from getting maimed as well. Instead, he was killed. Russel doesn’t have the paper trail of violence Riddick does. Riddick’s a loose cannon. I don’t hear any remorse in his voice for what he’s done.”
Remorse? Riddick wanted to laugh. Killing a man who resorted to raping some innocent girl and attempting to frame someone else for it, and Riddick was supposed to feel remorse for having killed such scum? Ha! The fact that Chase was glossing over the attempted framing didn’t bother him. It was clear that no one could pin him with it, so they’d dropped it as if it’d never happened.
The trial went on and on. Chase drilled both Riddick and Colleen, asking them the same questions over and over, testing to see if they’d change their answers. Even Colleen started getting impatient with the repetition, but her story never changed, and Riddick’s answers remained the same. Discussing the rape part disappeared from the trial, the questioning hyper-focused on Riddick’s behavioral record and the fact that he was armed at all times. At one point Riddick stopped listening and mechanically answer the same damn questions with the same damn answers. If the wording was changed, Riddick answered accordingly without tripping up.
Finally, thirty agonizing minutes later, Chase said, “No further questions, Your Honor.”
Lyman studied Riddick and the frightened Colleen. “The jury will now convene to discuss their verdict.”
Bring it.
***
The jury of six returned after no more than five minutes. The audience listened while SkyCams buzzed around and the jury stood, one by one, unanimously declaring Riddick not guilty of rape, yet guilty of second-degree murder. Fink and Tori did a poor job of hiding grins. For some reason their smugness got under his skin. Riddick tried to convince himself that their grins meant nothing. He was going to escape and never give Fink what he wanted, but all he could do was envision himself leaping into the jury pit and bashing Fink in his pompous face over and over. Why did the verdict sting so much? These people didn’t matter to him.
Maybe it bothered him so much because of how his former superiors were handling Russel’s death. They were more interested using it to get what they wanted without carrying any emotional pain from the death of a soldier. Russel had become collateral. Either that or at least Tori was doing a spectacular job of hiding his pain.
Who was the monster now?
Judge Lyman brought up a glowing file with a wave of his hand. “Before I announce the ruling, I want to bring something to light.” He shifted his overweight frame. “Richard B. Riddick, it says here you weren’t born in America, much less on Earth. What world are you from?”
“That’s classified information, Your Honor,” Fink said.
Lyman gave Fink a glare that made Fink bow his head. Interesting. Even though the judge had been bought, he still held superiority over the General in a courtroom setting. “Be that as it may,” Lyman said in a controlled voice, “Riddick’s heritage must be taken into consideration with my ruling. There’s an expressed interested in understanding what his alien kind are capable of. So far we have been led to believe that they are a sociopathic type, a type that don’t belong among the military’s ranks. Richard B. Riddick, as punishment for the murder of Corporal Kurt Russel, I hereby sentence you to life in prison. In addition, you will be studied by military scientists and biologist in the name of research for global security. If you do not cooperate and instead continue your violent streak, you will return to trial for an appropriate death sentence. Not as a Marine. Not as an American. Not as a human, but as the animal you are. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, sir,” Riddick said with all the venom he could muster. Over the years, so many people had looked at and treated him like some beast or animal. He hated it. He didn’t feel like he was an animal but he must be acting like one more than he realized. He clearly didn’t fit in with the human race. Maybe he should stop trying and start giving in to the animal side everyone saw in him.
“Good. You are dismissed. Court adjourned!” Lyman pushed to his feet like some walrus rearing up and disappeared behind the podium. 
The holo-screen dismantled and stowed itself as the audience rose and began gossiping in excited voices, SkyCams zooming around. One got in Riddick’s face and he wanted to bat it out of the air like a cat taking down a bird, but his chains allowed him to raise his hands no higher than his stomach. He was escorted off the disc as strangers pointed and spoke behind hands. Chase scooped up his briefcase and left without even looking at Riddick. What a coward. Couldn’t face the man he’d helped doom to a life of confinement and torture.
“Riddick!” Waters pushed her way to the partition separating the audience from the rest of the courtroom. “Riddick!” Worry was etched all over her face. Her beautiful face. She reached towards him but one soldier stepped in front of her, blocking her from view.
Maybe Riddick shouldn’t give up entirely on fitting in with the human race. He veered towards Waters but one of the soldiers escorting him more punched than pushed him back towards the door. Shrugging off the blow, Riddick clenched his teeth and held his chin high as he looked in Waters’ direction until the doorway blocked his view. Unless Fink and the others were petty enough to rob him of visitation rights, that was probably the second to last time he’d ever see Waters.
He would see her once more after he escaped. It might be days. It might be months. Maybe even a few years, but it was just a matter of time. First he’d lull his captors into complacency, and then make his move. If he could make people do what he wanted in a fight, he could exert this control elsewhere.

16.
Three nights after the trial, Riddick woke in his darkened cell. He’d been dreaming about tearing the wings off of a dove. When he realized he was strangling his pillow, he relaxed and took in his room, and the details of his dream started slipping away.
His cell was dark at this hour, like it should be, and the hallway lit along the crux of the wall and floor, as it should be. No sounds, no smells, nothing out of place. Even though he heard nothing over the hum of the central air system, he felt like someone was approaching. Maybe an adjacent prisoner had gotten up and started pacing his respective eight by eight cell. 
A distortion in his vision made him do a double take of the hall and reach for the makeshift shiv he’d made out of a fragment of his bed. A curve in the hall that looked like it was being refracted in water drifted along the width of his cell, stopping when a semi-circle distortion line framed the cell door. Riddick paused with his fingers curled around the rim of his bed. Was this real or was he still dreaming?
The glowing red outline of his door turned yellow, and then the door slid open. Riddick snatched his shiv, rolled and threw off the foam slab, and crouched on his bed, weapon ready and muscles tensed. The distortion spread into the room like one giant half of a bubble, and the dome’s apex stopped just inside the door. Riddick wanted to dive at the center, shiv leading the way, but for all he knew that’s exactly what his intruder was hoping for. He caught a whiff of a familiar scent.
It couldn’t be!
The smell of beautiful. Waters.
Waters’ face, combat goggles and all, broke through the distortion field first, followed by her rifle and solid frame dressed in combat gear.
“Close your mouth and stay quiet,” she whispered. “And fix your bed so you can lie on it. I need to record a hologram feed.”
Riddick closed his mouth and did as told, but had to be told to stop staring and pretend to sleep. Heart pounding, he lay still with his eyes closed while Waters recorded a minute of footage, having him shift a couple of times to really sell it. Once she was satisfied, Riddick got up and Waters set the hologram in his place. It was weird looking at a replica of himself laying there, sleeping fitfully. Despite how long he’d been around technology, seeing himself like that added a whole new perspective. It was like looking at a reflection, but reflections were supposed to look back when looked at.
“Let’s get out of here.” Waters tugged his arm.
Riddick started to move then stopped. “Wait, why are you dong this for me?”
“I’ll explain after we’re out.”
“But you’re throwing away your career.”
“I’ll explain that, too. Now let’s go.” Rifle in hand, Waters threaded an arm in his and hugged him close as they stepped into the distortion field. He hovered protectively close, feeling a need to guard her, even though he was the one being rescued. She collected the device from the doorframe, shut the door, and guided them down the gloomy hall on silent footsteps.
They passed two guards at the end of the hall, both of them slumped in chairs with tranquilizer darts protruding from their necks. Waters and Riddick snuck by and continued down the next hall.
“Why did you tranq them?” Riddick said.
“The distortion field doesn’t mask noise. The doors make noises when opening and closing. I had no choice.”
Riddick nodded.
They wound along a circuitous path, passing sleeping guards at every checkpoint. They snuck under dozens of cameras, hopefully with no one paying careful attention to their feeds. The prison was relatively quiet, the steady hum of the central conditioning system making more noise than most guards or cleaning staff, awake or asleep.
Apparently no one was carefully monitoring the security cams. They made it to the prison entrance without any problems. Waters whispered something into the headset built into her goggles, and Kenner’s towering frame walked past the doors, making them slide open. The only two guards Waters had been able to avoid tranquilizing paid the doors no mind as she and Riddick exited the prison.
They followed Kenner along the parking lot, under a section of pine trees, and over to an SUV parked on the side of the road. Kenner took the driver’s seat, Waters took shotgun as she turned off the distortion field, and Riddick sat alone in back. 
“Lie down,” Kenner said, “just in case.”
One again, Riddick did as told, making himself comfortable with a pillow that’d been provided as Kenner pulled away from the curb and hugged the low speed limit. Riddick scrunched himself up so he could look at Waters through the gap between chairs. “So will you explain why you’re both throwing away your careers over me?”
“We’re not,” Waters said solemnly.
“Besides,” Kenner said, “we couldn’t just leave you there after hearing the truth. We didn’t let Chase and Fink suck us into their fucked up agenda.”
Riddick clenched his jaw at the memory of Chase leaving without so much as looking at him. “Did you believe the charges?” The question came out before he could stop himself. He’d been wondering what the people he liked and cared about thought of him, even if the truth hurt. He wanted to know how much of an animal he really was to them.
The question caught both squad members off guard. Waters turned in her seat, forehead creased with empathy. “The rape? Definitely not.” Kenner voiced his agreement as Waters popped a gentle smile and Riddick’s thoughts went to him kissing her on the neck that night.
That was some consolation. “And me being a killer?”
“Riddick, you’re a Marine.”
“Was a Marine,” he said bitterly.
Waters shook her head. “Like it or not, that training is with you for life. You, Kenner, and I have all been trained to kill. We’re soldiers. Kill or be killed. I’d believed the accusation was plausible, but I wanted to hear what happened exactly before jumping to any conclusions. Riddick, you’re far from the first Marine to kill a fellow soldier for one reason or another.”
“But did you think I was a cold-blooded killer?”
“Goodness no! You’re too smart and compassionate for that. You can be brash as well, but that goes for just about every man your age.”
Kenner said, “I’ve done my share of stupid things growing up. Thankfully I was never in a situation like yours with Russel, but I bet my life that I’d probably have done the same thing in your place.” They turned onto a housing street.
“Well, now you’ve helped me break out of prison,” Riddick said unhappily. “You can add that to your list of stupid things.”
“We couldn’t just leave you there,” Waters said.
“I was working on getting myself out.”
“How? You saw all the guards and checkpoints.”
Riddick flashed his homemade shiv and Waters raised her brows. “I was working on it. Was gonna wait and see all the places they were gonna take me before figuring out the easiest escape route.”
“Already armed yourself inside being incarcerated for three days. You work quickly. But anyway, I guarantee you our help is faster and easier.” She faced forward, smiling.
“I’m really grateful for your help but why didn’t you just leave me there? How is this better than throwing away your careers?”
“Don’t worry about that, Riddick. Just wait and see.”

17.
Kenner pulled into his driveway sitting adjacent to a house like Waters’ ranch. Another SUV was parked on the side of the road. Waters’ vehicle. What exactly was their plan?
The two squad members checked their surrounds before escorting Riddick inside the protection of the distortion field. The device looked like a palm-sized disco ball with spider legs that ended in pincers. He followed Waters and Kenner into a living room full of family photos and military memorabilia, and shut off the distorter. A bulging bag sat on a La-Z-Boy chair. 
Kenner picked up the bag and chucked it to Riddick, who caught it. “Go get changed,” Kenner said, then grimaced. “Then comes the fun part.” He sounded like the next part was going to be anything but fun.
Riddick looked at the bag, then at the two Marines.
“It’s your flight suit. I grabbed it before Tori could.”
“We collected a bunch of your things,” Waters said. “We’re getting you off this planet with as full bags as possible. Now hurry up and change. That hologram in your cell will last about as long as the tranqs, which will be roughly three hours.” 
“After that, shit’s gonna hit the fan,” Kenner said.
“I’ve never really understood that phrase.” Riddick headed for the bathroom.
“Means we’re gonna have way more problems than we’ll want to deal with. The sooner you get off-planet, the better.”
Riddick hurried into the bathroom and donned his flight suit as fast as he could, throwing it over his orange prison attire, and swapping his blue loafer slippers for combat boots. The slippers he stuffed in the bag. No sense in leaving evidence that he’d been in this house. 
Riddick found Waters standing outside Kenner’s bedroom, the door wide open. She waved him over and he followed her inside the room.
Kenner sat on his bed, wearing a football t-shirt and basketball shorts, looking ready for bed. Now what?
Waters chambered a tranquilizer dart in her rifle. “Riddick, we’re eliminating any chance of them thinking Kenner helped you escape.”
Kenner got up and stood before them. “Take the XGT ship I fly.” He shoved keys in Riddick’s hand. “It’s already got a list of chartered courses to other worlds, and it’s set to take you back home.”
“Home?”
“Furya. Where you’re from.”
That’s right. That was the name. “But--”
Waters said, “You’re in this mess because we took you from your home. You were doing perfectly well without our help. The least we can do is help you get back there.”
Despite being a misfit, Earth felt like home; however, some part of him liked the idea of returning to his original home. “So is that the only place I belong?”
Waters took a deep breath and let it go. “Ultimately you decide where you belong. No one can tell you that but you.”
Riddick looked at the keys and frowned. “I don’t know where that is.” Having been gone from his home world for so long, what if his own kind rejected him, too? He really enjoyed Waters’ company, along with her squad’s and their families, but so many people had made that impossible now. How was he supposed to fit in anywhere?
“I know life here on Earth hasn’t been easy for you, Riddick,” Waters said. “I’m still not sure if bringing you here was the right thing to do.”
“It was,” he insisted, meaning it. “I don’t regret it.”
“Thank you, Riddick,” Kenner said. “I really appreciate hearing that.” He clasped Riddick’s hand as he pulled him into a one-armed hug. Riddick rarely made physical contact with others, but this hug felt good. They mutually let go. “No matter what happens, always strive to be the better man. Don’t let crap like this trial get to you. You were a great Marine. Never forget that.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Kenner nodded. “I’ll pass on your words to Pond, Spark, and Markham. They’ll be glad to hear it, too. They recorded videos of themselves saying goodbye to you. You can watch them on the ship. It was too risky to have everyone help tonight.”
Riddick nodded back. “I understand.”
“They’re gonna miss ya, as will I.” Kenner tucked himself in bed with one arm on top of his blankets.
“I’ll miss all of you, too.” Damn, he was gonna miss the entire squad. They’d all mentored him in one way or another over the past three years.
“Hold still, Kenner,” Waters said, motioning for Riddick to leave the room. He stepped into the hall and Waters dropped to one knee just outside the door, which she pulled almost shut, then took aim with her rifle. “Kenner, I apologize in advance for how you’ll feel in the morning.”
“No need, ma’am. It’s worth it. Good bye and good luck.”
“Good bye.” She shot Kenner in the triceps.
***
They drove to the airstrip with Riddick sitting in the front passenger seat. He’d hop in back once they got close to the gates. Waters dug something from under her bulletproof vest and held it out to Riddick. “Almost forgot again. Had to dumpster dive for it.”
His Wolverine necklace. He snatched it and looped it around his neck, thrilled to have it back. “I got so mad when they took it.”
“I got just as mad when they told me they threw it away. So petty.”
“Thank you for getting it back to me. And... for everything else.”
“You’re quite welcome. There’s a loaf of banana walnut bread in your duffle bag, too. It’s from the Wrekkio family. The parents send their apologies for jumping to conclusions, and Colleen says thank you for bringing her home. She was too full of shame to say anything sooner.”
“Shame?”
“Women react to rape in so many different ways. It’s...” She shook her head. “Just rest easier knowing you helped her.”
“I will,” he said softly. “It’s one bit of closure.” Colleen’s gratitude was some solace in the face of how things had turned out. He probably would’ve been better off leaving her there in the long run but it was too late to change that. “Now will you tell me why you’re throwing away your career over me? You can’t possibly cover your tracks like you did Kenner’s. There’s no way you can pass off my escape as a solo stunt. They’ll know I had help.”
“You’re very right,” Waters said with a hint of sadness under her casual demeanor. “I don’t consider helping you a waste.”
“But all those years of hard work!”
“They led me to you. Sometimes our efforts add up in ways we don’t expect. Riddick, did you really expect me to forget about you and go on with my life, while you got tortured and tormented?”
Riddick clenched his jaw. “Yes.” An ache developed in his chest. “I wouldn’t have held it against you or anyone.”
“I wouldn’t have been able to live with myself if I’d abandoned you like that. Not only are you here on Earth because of me, you were enlisted into the military, but what matters most is that you’re a son to me. I know I’ve treated you more like a soldier than a son; it’s taken this long to realize that was wrong. I’ve done the best I could but now that I realize how much I care about you, I want to do better. No good mother abandons her children. My military career means nothing compared to your happiness and wellbeing.” She reached for Riddick’s hand and he took it, holding tight. 
That was quite the confession. He implicitly knew Waters cared deeply about him, but he’d never known the extent until now. “Thank you. Really, I can’t thank you enough.” He wasn’t just some animal and killer in her eyes. He didn’t know how to put into words how happy that made him feel. “But what about your family?”
“That’s already been planned out. Don’t worry.”
“Okay. And what plans do you have for yourself exactly?”
“You run home while I run in another direction.”
“Why won’t you stay here? No matter what happens, this is your home.”
“I already told you, you make your own home. Riddick, I’ve been to many different worlds, and for years I’ve toyed with the idea of living elsewhere, but I’ve been too scared to leave the safety net of the military. You’re the motivation I needed to break away from it and act on my dream.” She turned onto the winding road leading up to the gates. “Once the military loses interest in finding me, I’ll come get you and we can start life over as a proper family. How’s that sound?”
Them a real family? It sounded almost too good to be true. Maybe by the time the reunited, he could coax Waters into seeing him as something more than a son, but if not, he’d let it be and enjoy what he had. “It sounds great. I’m already looking forward to it.”
Smiling, Waters squeezed his hand and he squeezed back.

18.
Riddick hid under cover of a shrunken distortion field while Waters attempted to gain access to the airstrip. The guard spent an unusually long time staring at her ID badge, but he gave it back to her without expressing any dissatisfaction. Riddick lay curled in a ball in the backseat, tensing when a flashlight shined right on him. He felt eyes rake the back of his head and didn’t recommence breathing until the guard gave Waters the okay to enter, and he didn’t uncurl himself until the SUV stopped moving minutes later, and the engine shut off. When he finally got out, he stretched his aching limbs.
“Alright,” Waters said, “follow me close and keep the distortion field small.”
Duffle bag over his shoulders, Riddick followed her among the light foot and vehicular traffic to the hangars, where Kenner’s ship awaited them. No one paid Waters any mind, patrolman or pilot, but Riddick didn’t relax. He felt completely exposed, even though no one could see him, unless they entered the field with him.
Waters unlocked the multi-story-tall hangar with a pass code, the aluminum door hummed and rattled as it rose, and the interior lights switched on, revealing a tidy hangar. They stepped inside and began double-teaming the pre-flight checklist, doing their best to not rush too much. The last thing they needed was to be their own reason for not making a clean getaway.
Once they worked through everything they could do inside the hangar, Riddick boarded the bus-sized ship and taxied it out onto the tarmac, guided by Waters’ hand signals. Once his tail was clear of the doorway, she stuck both arms in the air, signaling for him to halt.
Right as he flipped the switch that locked the wheels, Waters looked over her shoulder. And that’s when he noticed they had unwanted company. His stomach dropped to his feet.
Six soldiers, all armed and armored, formed a semi-circle ten feet away from Waters. She kept her arms raised as she slowly faced them. Riddick scrambled out of the cockpit and rushed down to protect her. 
“Ah, there he is,” said a familiar smug voice as Riddick darted between Waters and the soldiers. That voice belonged to Fink, who took off his head guard and looked at Waters. “I figured you’d try something. Didn’t expect you to act this fact, but I knew something like this was inevitable.”
Where had they slipped up? Had one of the tranquilizer darts worn off too fast? Had... it had to be the guard just outside the airstrip. Waters’ ID must’ve been flagged for unusual activity. That had to be it.
“I was hoping you’d prove me wrong, Waters. You’ve been an exemplary soldier up to this point. It’s going to be difficult to clean up your records after this business is straightened out. Jules, take them into custody.”
A man broke away from one end of the semi-circle and approached.
Just like the moment when Russel aimed his gun, everything fell into slow motion. Each of Jules’ strides seemed to last for an eternity, and the rest of the soldiers stood still as statues. Riddick’s survival instincts kicked into hyper drive. If they were captured tonight, Waters’ dream of living as a family would never happen. He knew it in his gut.
Jules took another step.
Coupled with his superior strength and speed, Riddick could easily outmaneuver two or three heavily armed soldiers while armed with just a knife, but not six. Not six. 
And another step.
Waters had set her rifle aside when they’d started going through the pre-flight checklist, and the soldiers had been too close to the ship to use any of its guns to mow them down. On top of that, it would’ve taken too long to dig out his firearm from wherever it was stashed in his duffle bag.
Three strides away.
Wait... Riddick had one ace up his sleeve.
Once Jules was within arm’s reach, Riddick looked him in the eyes and saw his gaze shift to the side of Riddick’s head. A blow was coming.
In one swift motion, Riddick ducked under the rifle’s butt and sunk his shiv in Jules’ side, between the armor padding. His body shook with spasms and he fired several rounds, taking out the soldier who’d been standing opposite him. Riddick put Jules in a headlock and used his body as a shield, whipped out the distorter and threw it at Waters’ feet, then seized Jules rifle and opened fire. The five soldiers returned fire, however they fell one by one. A fiery pain erupted in the arm he had wrapped around Jules’ neck, but he didn’t let go until he was the only one standing, ears ringing from all the gunshots. He looked around to make sure there were no other enemies approaching, then let Jules’ body join his comrades on the tarmac, along with his gun. Clutching his injured arm, he stepped inside the distortion field.
The blood drained from his face.
Waters lay in a pool of her own blood, three gaping bullet wounds in her head and neck. Riddick dropped to his knees beside her and checked for a pulse. She had none.
Riddick wanted to scream, but the anguish was stuck in his throat. He closed Waters’ eyes and held her hand as he absorbed what just happened.
He was alone. He was very much alone. He had no family left. All those hopes and dreams gone. Waters was gone. The future he’d been working towards: gone. Life with the rest of the squad: also gone. Life as he knew it was over. 
He heard gurgling from outside the distortion field and looked up.
Fink was feebly moving his limbs as struggled to fill his lungs. He reached for his throat and coughed several times.
Riddick tore his shiv from Jules’ side and strode over to Fink. The General gasped when they made eye contact, and defensively raised his hands. Riddick plunged the blade into Fink’s throat, and then in his stomach, the thighs, and ever last fatal spot he’d been trained to seek out. He grunted with each blow, making Fink’s body jerk, then landed one last blow in his heart.
Gasping for breath, Riddick went over to Jules and took his knife, then kneeled before Waters once more. He thought of giving her a farewell hug or kiss, and even taking the time to bury her. Instead, he cut a lock of hair and boarded the ship with a heart so heavy that his chest was hollow.

19. One week later...
Riddick sat in the cockpit, elbows on the dashboard and face in his hands. He’d overridden the course to Furya and just let his ship wander aimlessly across the Milky Way Galaxy. He didn’t want to go to his birth world anymore, leaving him at a loss for where to go or what do next. He’d fought so hard for his freedom, but now it seemed so worthless without anyone to share it with.
Furya was off the table. Never again would anyone use his heritage against him. His origins would remain a mystery to everyone but him from here on out. He’d change his name if he had to. Maybe even his appearance. But first he had to figure out where to go next.
Heaving a sigh, Riddick lifted his head and turned on the database. Kenner’s list of charted courses came up and he read through them for the hundredth time, but this time actually seeing the words in front of him. The list had been just a bunch of nonsensical markings over the last few days, his brain too numb to process anything but his base needs to eat, sleep, and such. Now he was finally ready to make a choice.
Out of the list of twenty worlds, three sounded decent, but out of those three, one struck a chord with him. The world was very militaristic and the inhabitants described as a motley crew gathered from all corners of the universe. That sounded like the easiest place to blend in, even if he couldn’t fit in. That world even had a prestigious military. He felt a need for such social structure and rigid discipline. Spending a week alone on the ship felt so aimless and pointless. He craved what that world had to offer.
He plotted a course for Sigma 3.
About the Author
S.M. Welles has recently moved from New England to Arizona, where she’s now a full-time author and part-time online gamer. When her brain needs a break, she runs around killing people in League of Legends and Guild Wars 2. She’s finally retired from eight years of World of Warcraft and eagerly anticipates the release of Elder Scrolls Online. And when she's not writing or gaming, she's fishing, rollerblading with the dog and letting him chase birds, or hiking on Mt. Graham.

Other Published Works
To Ocean's End
This is a standalone post-apocalypse fantasy novel about a seafaring captain who can never find a moment to eat a cheeseburger in peace. It's like the dystopian version of Pirates of the Caribbean.

Strength
Courage
Determination
or
The Complete Trilogy
This is a YA fantasy trilogy about a teenage girl charged by the gods with protecting the mortal realm. It's like Percy Jackson for teenagers.


Dear Readers-
Thus begins Riddick’s downward spiral into the person the universe is introduced to in the movie Pitch Black. That leg of his character journey is summarized in a Wikia site, so I’m disinclined to turn it into a full-blown fanfic piece. If I’m bugged enough, I might oblige but, as far as I’m concerned, that gritty story has already been told by the creators of the Riddick universe.
Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed the read.
###
