

Half-Light Volume II – To Hunt a Werewolf
Death Rage Publications
Copyright (c) 2013 Daniel A. Greathead

The right of Daniel A. Greathead to be identified as the Author of the Work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the Author, nor may it be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover than that in which it is published.

All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is (mostly) purely coincidental.


Half-Light Volume II
To Hunt a Werewolf


Chapter One
Multiverse


	Empty space.
	That was all there was as far as the eye could see. This statement may not be strictly true, but for all intents and purposes it was. The nearest star was light years away, and as for the nearest habitable planet, well that was anyone's guess. The Marie Celeste had been following the trail for months, but all the time she and her crew seemed to be two or three steps behind their prey.
“You picking anything up man?” Dan turned to Trayn. 
“No mate,” Trayn replied. “This is bullshit. I've never had so much trouble tracking before.”
“He had a hell of a start on us,” replied Dan. “And besides, have you ever tracked a werewolf?” 
“Yeah but even so,” Trayn brushed his heavily matted dreadlocks behind his ear as best he could. “We've not even had a sniff.” 
“We gotta' keep going,” Dan replied. “After that killing spree he carried out on his way outta' Canis Major...” Dan paused. “We can't let him get away with it.” 
“I know,” replied Trayn. “I just can't help feeling we're on a wild fucking goose chase.” 
“Well there's nothing here,” Dan said, checking the scanners one last time. “I guess we'd better jump into hyper-space, see if we can't get a bit closer.” 
“Let's do it,” replied Trayn. 
	Dan, Trayn, Tristian and the fourteen year old Secily, the crew of the Marie Celeste.
	A few months ago they and their friends had saved their home system from vampires and werewolves, and at one point one of their own. Not to mention the alternate version of Earth that Dan and Trayn had themselves saved from the vampire, Rasputin. 
They'd tracked Cerberus, the first and most powerful Lycanthrope on his way out of their home system but could do nothing to prevent him attacking and destroying seven separate worlds. All four of the Marie Celeste's crew had volunteered to take the mission, and as long as one of them was left standing there was a chance that Cerberus would be caught and punished for what he did. They would all happily admit though, they were not expecting it to be as hard as it had turned out to be. 

***

	“How you doin' baby?” Tristian smiled as she spoke. Every time she smiled at him, Dan melted a little inside. 
“I'm fine,” replied Dan. “A little tired though.” 
“I'm not surprised, you haven't slept for days.” 
“I can't afford the time to sleep,” Dan replied. “What if we come across Cerberus whilst I'm sleeping?”
“Then I'll wake you,” Tristian said, kindly. “You're no good to anyone, and besides if you go too long without sleep you'll go insane.” 
	“Now we wouldn't want that,” replied Dan. “I'll try and grab a couple of hours.” 
“Good,” Tristian replied. 
“Just gonna' have a smoke first.”
	Dan awoke seventeen hours later. He sat up in the bunk he shared with Tristian, and rooted around under his pillow for a packet of cigarettes. He rolled off the bunk and hit the floor with a dull thud. 
“Let's try that again,” he muttered to himself as he stood up. He fished around in his clothes for a book of matches and lit a tab. He walked out into the corridor and headed for the bridge, finding himself nodding his head in time with the music before he even realised that there was any playing. By the time he did realise, the song had finished. 
“Morning sleepy head,” Tristian turned as her lover arrived on the bridge. 
“How long have I slept?” Dan asked. 
“Almost a day,” replied Tristian. “How do you feel?” 
“Better,” he replied. “What was that song? Play it again.” 
	“Slipknot,” replied Trayn. “I was going through that flash drive of yours, I uploaded it all onto the ship's hard drive.” 
	“No arguments from me,” said Dan, as Slipknot's 'Before I Forget' played through the Marie Celeste's speakers once more. Dan stared out ahead into the eerie black as he stood listening to the music. “Are there any human worlds this far out?” 
“Not that I've heard about,” replied Trayn. “But there could be.” 
“It's just that if there are no human worlds, then where the hell is Cerberus going?” 
“It's a good point,” said Tristian. “He has to be going somewhere.” 
“Yeah,” said Dan. “But where? Drop us out of hyper-space, run a scan for life signs in the vicinity.” 
“Yes Sir,” replied Trayn, doing as he was told. “Scanning for life signs now.” 
“Anything?” asked Dan after a minute or so. 
	“Not a thing,” Trayn replied. “We can go on a bit, drop out again in an hour and run the scan again.” 
“Do it,” replied Dan. “There has to be life out here somewhere.”
	They repeated the same process over and over, dropping out of hyper-space and scanning for life, before entering hyper-space once more. It was several hours and countless attempts later before the scanners picked up life signs. 
	“Where?” asked Dan, a little more excitedly than he intended. 
“In this system,” replied Trayn. “I've never been out this far, no idea what's out here.” 
“Well what we got?” Dan asked, poring over the scanner. “Seven planets and four moons; all inhabited,” 
“There's no sign of Cerberus though,” Tristian pointed out. 
“Well this is the first sign of civilisation we've come across since we left our own system,” said Dan. 
“They're not very civilised themselves though,” Trayn shouted. “They have a lock on us.” 
“Oh for fuck's sake,” Dan replied. “Engage cloak.” 
“It's too late for that,” replied Trayn. 
“Then shields to maximum!” Dan yelled. 
“Yes Sir,” said Trayn. “We got a message coming in.” 
	“Put it up.” 
	“I am One, leader of the Free System, please identify yourselves.” The figure on screen; One, was an ageing man, with a long stringy white beard, and a completely bald head. 
“We are on the trail of someone we believe to have passed through here not too long ago,” Dan replied. “I'm Dan, I have a crew of three.” 
“I know of whom you speak,” replied One. “You may land at our capital, I shall meet you there.” 
“Cheers,” replied Dan, as the console flashed indicating the co-ordinates for the landing zone had been uploaded to the Marie Celeste's system.
“Take us down Trayn,” Dan said, as One's image disappeared from the screen. 
“No worries,” replied Trayn. “I'm thinking, there's no sign of Cerberus on the scanner so we can safely assume he ain't here, so these guys must be pretty fucking hardcore if he just passed them by.” 
“Wouldn't be such a bad thing to have them as allies then,” replied Dan.

***

“Thank you for meeting us,” said Dan, holding out his hand as One approached. 
	“It is my pleasure,” replied One. “Please follow me.”
	They followed, and were mightily impressed with what they saw. The Free System appeared to be very advanced indeed. They entered a small building, or at least what looked like a small building. Inside it was huge, astronomically larger than it looked from the outside. 
“What the fuck?” Dan gasped. 
“I see you've noticed,” said One without breaking stride. “For countless millennia we struggled with an overflowing population, that is until we developed technology which allowed us to bend the fabric of space and time, thus giving us the ability to make buildings huge on the inside, whilst relatively tiny on the out.” 
“It's a handy trick,” Trayn shrugged. 
“It's no trick my friend,” snapped One, turning on a tuppence and putting himself right in Trayn's face. “It is the only way we have been able to survive in the Free System.” 
“Easy old man,” Trayn cooed. “I'm impressed, really.” 	This appeared to satisfy One, who backed down instantly. 
“What is this system's population?” asked Tristian. 
“Somewhere around the two hundred trillion mark,” replied One. “It gets harder to be sure.” 
“Why is that?” asked Tristian. 
	“Well the average life expectancy in the Free System is four hundred years,” replied One. 
“What the fuck?” Dan shouted. “Four hundred fucking years?” 
“That is correct,” One smiled. “I myself am approaching that number.” 
“Big fucking cake,” Dan whispered. 
“Excuse me?” asked One. 
“Nothing,” replied Dan. “You said that you knew who we were talking about.” 
“Cerberus, the werewolf?” replied One. “Yes that's right, we have had dealings with him and his kind before, and he knows not to bother us any more.” 
“And how does he know that?” asked Trayn. 
“It was I who killed his one and only son,” replied One. “I can tell you exactly where he is going if you wish.” 
“Yes,” replied Dan. “We wish.” 
“He is heading for the centre of the Universe,” replied One. 
	“What the fuck does he want to go there for?” asked Dan. 
“I believe he hopes to steal the power of the Gods,” replied One. “There are not many civilisations in the Universe that survive without Gods, the fact most are fabricated is not the point, but the fact that people believe in them is. Belief causes existence, meaning that if enough people believe in something then it invariably does exist.”
“Rule thirty four,” muttered Trayn. 
“What does he want to do with that power?” asked Dan. “I assume he doesn't want to share it once he has it.” 
“I think you assume correctly,” replied One. “I fear he will destroy every civilisation that stands against him and his kind.” 
“Then I guess we better beat him to it,” Dan smiled. 
“Your ship has been modified,” One said. “Your hyper-drive has been upgraded.”
“How fast will she go?” asked Trayn. 
“Fast enough to guarantee you reach your destination before Cerberus,” replied One. “Oh that reminds me I should warn you. At the centre of the Universe, I would recommend that you stay on board your vessel, there is an immense pressure there as the Universe itself unfolds.” 
“Thank you,” replied Dan, as One led them back out into daylight. Dan turned around to see the tiny building out of which they'd just come, and shook his head in amazement. “When we come back you're gonna' have to let us know how to do that.” 
“I shall,” replied One. 

***

“So,” said Dan, once he and his crew were back on board the Marie Celeste. “The centre of the fucking Universe.” 
“Do you buy what that guy was on about?” asked Trayn. 
“If there's one thing I've learned,” replied Dan. “It's that everything is possible, no matter how far fetched and crazy it sounds.” 
“Sounds about right,” replied Trayn. 
“I'm bored,” Secily moaned. She was sat in the seat next to Trayn, twirling her hair around her fingers. 
“You want to drive?” Trayn asked. 
“Really?” Secily smiled. 
“I don't see why not,” Trayn replied, turning to Dan and winking. “I'll show you how.” 
“OK I'm ready,” Secily said excitedly. 
“Hit that button,” Trayn pointed to the console. 
“This one?” Secily asked, her hand hovering over the buttons. 
“The one next to it,” said Trayn, and watched as Secily moved her hand across, took a deep breath and pressed the button. “OK you have now disabled the landing gear, which means that you're now flying.” 
“What's next?” Secily asked. 
“Take hold of the controls in front of you,” Trayn replied. “Can you feel the button at the back on your right?” 
“Yes,” replied Secily, pressing it lightly as she did so. The Marie Celeste shot violently forward. 
“Easy does it,” said Trayn, calmly. “You need to pull back on the controls at the same time. When we're in atmosphere pulling back will take us up.” 
“OK,” replied Secily. “I think I have it.” And she did indeed have it for the Marie Celeste took off smoothly, and shot upwards out of the atmosphere. 
“Co-ordinates are in,” Tristian said. 
“Well then I guess it's time to see how good this upgrade is,” Dan smiled. 
“Ready to engage hyper-drive,” Trayn said, calmly. 
“Hit the auto-pilot when you're ready Secily,” Dan said, matching Trayn's calm tone. 
“Auto-pilot engaged,” Secily said, smiling as she flicked the switch, and following Trayn's directions she soon found the controls for the hyper-drive. “Hyper-drive engaged.” She exhaled heavily as she flicked the switch. 
“Are you seeing this?” Dan yelled. “We're ten times faster than we ever were.” 
“We like the upgrade then?” asked Tristian. 
“I should say so,” replied Dan. “Saying that it’s still gonna' take us a month to get where we're going.”

***

	Trayn spent much of the voyage teaching Secily everything he knew, as much as he could do anyway. Whenever the vessel dropped out of hyper-space, Secily would either spend her time checking on the engine systems or piloting the ship, all under Trayn’s watchful eye. It was not long before she was able to fly the ship without thinking, and soon she was able to find her way around the engine room blindfolded.
	“Looks like we got ourselves a regular little pilot there,” Dan chuckled. “She’ll soon be better than you mate.”
	“Fine by me,” replied Trayn. “I’m much more at home with a big fucking gun in my hand.”
	“You’ll get your chance mate,” Dan replied. “I’m certain of that.”
	“So if Cerberus intends to harness the power of a still expanding Universe,” said Tristian. “How are we gonna’ stop him?”
	“Well in theory we’re gonna’ get there before him,” replied Dan. “So I guess the easiest option is to shoot him out of the sky.”
	“His entire fleet?” asked Tristian.
	“I see your point,” Dan conceded. “It ain’t gonna’ be easy, but he’s gotta’ pay for what he did.”
	“That’s the only reason we’ve come this far,” Tristian agreed. “I’m just not sure we thought it through as well as we could have.”
	“You gotta’ be spontaneous darlin’,” Dan cooed. “Do things without really thinking them through, it’s much more fun that way.”
	“Talk like that always gets us into shit,” replied Tristian. “Spontaneity has its place, and that place is in our bunk.”
	“I love it when you talk dirty,” Dan winked, turning when Trayn cleared his throat and nodded towards Secily.
	 “Not the time or the place,” said Trayn, smiling.
	“Yeah...” Dan paused. “So how far we gotta’ go?”
	“I don’t think the navigation unit can tell us that,” replied Tristian. “It’s too far.”
	“I’m anxious to get there,” Dan said. “I’m gagging for a ruck, and I’d quite like to be one of the few people to ever see the centre of the Universe.”

***
“Dropping out of hyper-space in five minutes,” Secily turned to Dan. “Everything’s reading OK.”
	“Then I guess that pretty soon we’re gonna’ see something awesome,” replied Dan.
	And awesome it was. As the Marie Celeste dropped out of hyper-space and the speeding light that encompassed the vessel subsided, directly ahead, the crew saw the centre of the Universe. There was an intense white light, no larger than the head of a pin, and from this light the Universe was still being born. Tiny particles were being churned out and as the crew watched in awe they could see these particles joining together, merging with one another forming larger bodies that would eventually join with other bodies, and would one day in the distant future become planets, asteroids, meteors and other interstellar bodies.
	“Anyone else as speechless as me?” asked Dan, unable to take his eyes off the sight that lay before him.
	“Yes mate,” replied Trayn. “I really don’t know what to say.”
	“This is the kinda' shit everyone should see,” said Tristian. “It kinda’ puts everything else into perspective.” She turned to Secily and saw the girl staring, wide eyed and open mouthed.
	“Run a scan for any other vessels,” said Dan. “Let’s make sure we beat Cerberus to it.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Tristian as she turned to her console.
	“What’s the verdict?” asked Trayn. “Have we made it?”
	“Well he isn’t here,” replied Tristian. “But he has been.”
	“He’s been and gone?” asked Dan, the disappointment evident in his voice.
	“The scanner shows that his fleet have been here,” began Tristian. “There’s a lot of radiation around here, it’s difficult to be sure but it looks like he took his fleet right into that.” Tristian nodded out at the pinprick of light.
	“Do we follow?” asked Trayn.
	“Fuck no,” replied Dan. “Not without more information than we have. For all we know if we went straight into that we’d get crushed by the pressure.”
	“There’s nothing on the ship’s archive about it,” said Tristian, as she scrolled through page after page.
	“I wouldn’t have expected there to be,” replied Dan. “Looks like we’re gonna’ have to head back to the Free System, have a word with our mate One.”
	“You think he’ll be able to help?” asked Secily.
	“Well short of going all the way back to Canis Major he’s the most intelligent person we know,” said Dan. “And it means losing two months on Cerberus as it is.”

***

	“Welcome back my friends,” One’s voice came over the com. “Did you find what you were looking for?” 
	The Marie Celeste had been run ragged, and had made it back to the Free System in a little over three weeks.
	“We need your help One,” replied Dan. “Are we OK to dock?”
	“Yes of course,” replied One. “I shall put your clearance through.”
	“Thank you,” replied Dan, and giving Secily the nod, the Marie Celeste was expertly docked.
	
***

	“How can I help?” asked One. They were sat in a small, tastefully decorated conference room.
	“What exactly is at the centre of the Universe?” asked Dan.
	“I have never been,” replied One. “I hear it's lovely.”
	“Well we have, and I must tell you One that it is a sight to behold,” Tristian said. “Our scanners showed that fleet of ships entered the eye that lies at the centre, and yet shows no sign of them coming out.”
	“I see,” replied One. “I fear I may not be the person to whom you need to speak,” One paused. “I shall be but a moment.” One left the room, and returned a few minutes later. “This is Forty-Two,” One introduced the newcomer, a female who appeared to be in her early forties.
	“Nice to meet you,” said Dan.
	“Likewise,” replied Forty-Two. “One tells me you wish to track something through the Eye of the Universe.”
	“Well our scanners show that the fleet we are pursuing entered the eye and didn’t come out again,” Tristian said. “We didn't want to go in blind.”
	“It is a dangerous journey,” Forty-Two said. “No one in our society has made the journey for millennia, but legend tells that there were voyages made through the Eye. At the time, our society believed that by travelling through the Eye at the centre of the Universe, one might enter the Multiverse.”
	“OK you’ve lost me,” Dan said. “Multiverse?”
	“You have heard the theory that there are countless other Universes, or dimensions if you will?” asked Forty-Two.
	“Yes,” replied Dan. “A couple of us have been to one of these alternate dimensions.”
	“The centre of the Universe is a white hole,” explained Forty-Two. “I assume that when you travelled to this dimension you went through a black hole?” 
	“On the way back, aye,” replied Dan. “To get there we travelled through the Void.”
	“I see,” replied Forty-Two. “If you enter the Eye, you will find it similar to a black hole, only the forces that cause matter to spew out of the Eye are much greater than you will have ever experienced. You will in theory however be able to travel to any Universe within the Multiverse, and it is unknown how many there are.”
	“We will be able to track through there?” asked Trayn.
	 “In theory, yes,” replied Forty-Two.
	“Well that’s good enough for me,” replied Dan.
	“The people that made this voyage millennia ago,” Tristian began. “Were they heard from again?”
	“They were not,” Forty-Two conceded. “I fear this time will be no different.”
	“Well we’ll look you up when we get back,” replied Dan. “Thanks for your help, but now we gotta’ go,” He lit a cigarette as he stood.
	“Of course,” said One. “Good luck in your quest.”
	 “Aye, thanks.”
***
	
	The Marie Celeste left the New System behind, and headed back towards the centre of the Universe.
	“You realise we could end up anywhere?” asked Tristian. “There’s no telling what kind of Universe we are going to end up in.”
	“I know,” replied Dan. “We gotta' follow Cerberus though, for all we know he's already in a Universe completely unprepared to fend off his kind, and who knows maybe he met himself. We can’t just stand by and let him have his way, and besides that bastard has to pay for what he did.”
	“What do you think Forty-Two meant when she said the forces around the Eye are greater than anything else?” asked Secily.
	“Well I guess we’re gonna’ find out soon enough,” replied Dan, happily.

***

 	“Is the trail still there?” asked Dan.
	“Yeah but it’s very faint,” replied Tristian. 
	“Then we ain’t got much time,” said Dan. “Lock onto it.”
	“Locked,” replied Tristian. 
	“You OK to do this Secily?” Dan asked.
	“Don’t worry,” replied Secily. “I’m just following the trail, right?”
	“That’s right,” replied Dan. “Now before we get into this, remember we have no idea what to expect.”
	“We have to go now,” Tristian shouted. “It’s fading.”
	“Take us in Secily,” Dan ordered. “And be careful.”	Secily guided the Marie Celeste towards the Eye, and as the ship grew closer the crew soon discovered what Forty-Two meant when she talked about the forces they would have to deal with. It was very slight at first, but there was a definite delay in everything. Secily and Trayn were sat as far forward as was possible, and they noticed they were having to wait a few seconds longer for a vocal response from Dan and Tristian who were sat further away from the Eye.
	To Dan and Tristian, Trayn and Secily appeared to be speaking much faster than was normal, and vice versa. Soon Trayn and Secily could not understand Dan’s orders as he to their ears, he was talking much more slowly and deeply.
	The forces surrounding the Eye were playing havoc with time on board the Marie Celeste. In the few feet that covered the distance of the bridge, there was a time difference of almost an hour and a half. As they grew ever closer to the Eye this time difference became even greater to the point that Trayn and Secily passed through the Eye, and then seventeen hours later Dan and Tristian did the same.

***

Under Secily’s careful guidance, the Marie Celeste followed the ever weakening trail of Cerberus’ fleet, and although the process was painstakingly slow the vessel eventually came out unscathed on the other side.
As soon as they were clear of the Eye’s influence, Secily put the Marie Celeste back into hyper-drive, and they continued their mission.
“Can you tell which Universe we are in?” asked Dan. The effects of The Eye had worn off completely as soon as the Marie Celeste had come out of it, but it took a little getting used to, things being normal that is.
“I can tell that we are in a Universe,” replied Tristian. “But that’s about all I can tell you.”
	“How about telling me where this trail is gonna’ lead us?” asked Dan.
	“I’m not sure,” replied Tristian. “Don’t quote me on this, but it looks like we’re heading straight for Earth.”


Chapter Two
Cerberi


	“Sara,” Ged shouted across the office. “You might want to see this.” Ged was a rookie in the EDC, (the Economic Diversity Centre). Field Agent Sara Bates was his mentor.
	“What is it Ged?” Sara asked, her eyes not moving from her own computer screen.
	“I think we may well have a problem,” Ged replied, worry evident in his voice. Reluctantly Sara stood and slowly made her way over to Ged.
	“How the hell have you managed to access this?” Sara whispered harshly when she saw what Ged had on screen. “You need clearance of the highest authority to get on there, even I can’t access it.”
	“Trial and error,” replied Ged, smugly. “It took me a few hours but I got in and it’s a good job I did. No one has flagged this yet, and it’s pretty huge.”
	“It looks like a fleet of ships,” Sara mumbled, staring at the screen. “Where are they?”
	“They’re stationary,” Ged replied. “Deep inside the Kuiper Belt.”
	“No sign of aggression at all?” Sara asked.
	“None yet,” Ged replied.
	“OK, keep this under your hat,” replied Sara.
	“For how long?” Ged asked, his voice still tinged with worry.
	“Until they start to move,” replied Sara. “How big's the fleet?”
	“I can’t tell,” replied Ged.
	“Work it out for me,” Sara ordered. “It won’t hurt to know what we may be dealing with.”
	“No worries,” replied Ged. “Would it be an idea to alert anyone else?”
	“Probably,” Sara replied. “But let’s get some more information first.”
	“Oh shit!” Ged shouted. “It looks like two of the fleet are breaking off.”
	“And?”
	“They’re heading this way,” replied Ged.
	“Don’t stop monitoring that,” Field Agent Sara Bates shouted. “I’m gonna' get the Prime Minister on the phone.”
	“Two more have broken off,” Ged was still shouting, despite the fact that Sara was stood only a few feet away. “I have a suggestion.”
	“I’m way ahead of you,” Sara replied. “I’ll suggest to the Prime Minister that she puts the nation on red alert.”
	
***

	Within a matter of hours, Great Britain was under a complete lock down. All borders were closed, and a nine pm curfew was put in place. All over the country rumours were spreading of an alien invasion. No official statement had been released, and there was no attempt to quell these rumours, instead the conspiracy theories grew and grew, until no one was really sure exactly what was going on.
	It was then that the attack happened, nineteen hours after the red alert was sounded. Hundreds of vessels dropped out of the sky in broad daylight. The attack lasted for almost an entire day, millions of people lost their lives, and many more were taken on board the ships.

***

	 “We must put a stop to this.” The Prime Minister had taken refuge at the EDC headquarters, and was addressing those remaining agents. “I’m opening up the floor now, please speak up if you have any ideas.”
	“Why can’t we launch a counter attack?” asked Ged. “I doubt they’d expect that.”
	“We can’t get to any of our ships,” Sara said. “And even if we could, there’s an entire fleet of vessels up there.”
	“And our sources tell me there are many more on the way,” said Simon Carter, a Field Agent. “We have no choice but to surrender.”
	“What about the Americans and the Russians?” asked Ged.
	“They’re in the same boat as us,” replied the Prime Minister. “I’m afraid to say it, but we are on our own.”
	“I don’t know what we can do on our own,” Field Agent Sara Bates said, tears forming in her eyes.
	“We will do what we can,” replied the Prime Minister. “It will not be long before London is over-run. I would suggest we retreat to the north.”
	“How far?” asked Ged.
	“As far as we can,” replied the Prime Minister. “Taking with us as many survivors as we can.”
	“If we knew what we were dealing with, we might be able to make a stand,” Sara said defiantly. “We should stay where we are, I’m certain that help will come soon.”
	“There’s no one coming,” the Prime Minister yelled. “There is no one left to come to our aid, I fear this may be the end for our species.”
	
***

	Please remain calm... Please remain calm... This is your last warning...

	The public address system shrilled in every town and city. Riots were breaking out as people fought against the curfew, despite the invasion, people being people still refused to obey rules put in place for their own safety. Military units had specific orders. Shoot to kill.
	The Government issue Mercedes passed thousands upon thousands of abandoned cars as it made its way up the motorway, with Ged at the wheel.
	“Where is the nearest battle ready ship?” Sara asked from the back seat.
	“From what I gather there are no battle ready ships left intact, only a prototype,” replied the Prime Minister.
	“Where is it?” Sara asked, agitated.
	“Oslo,” replied the Prime Minister. “But we’ll never make it.”
	“Ged,” Sara barked. “Turn this fucking car around now.” Ged did so. He pulled a swift handbrake turn and amidst a cloud of burning rubber and tyre smoke, the Mercedes accelerated south. “Good boy.”
	“I said we’ll never make it,” the Prime Minister said once more.
	“Yeah,” replied Sara, calmly. “We fucking will.”

***

	“We’ll be out of hyper-space shortly Sir,” Tristian said, smiling at Dan.
	“I just hope we ain't too late,” Dan replied. 
	“He had almost six weeks on us,” Trayn pointed out. “We’ve made up some time that’s a given, but we’re still two or three days behind.”
	“We’re going enter orbit over Africa I think,” said Tristian. “You want me to get ready to broadcast a message?”
	“Aye,” replied Dan. “All frequencies.”

***

	“Turn that radio up,” Sara ordered form the back seat of the Mercedes. “I’m sure I recognise that voice.”
	Ged raised the volume, and sure enough Sara heard Dan’s voice coming through the speakers.
	“This is the Marie Celeste,” Dan said, calmly. “Any survivors please respond.”
	“Who the hell is that?” asked the Prime Minister.
	“That,” Sara began. “Is a big fucking hero.”
	“This is the Marie Celeste,” Dan’s voice repeated. “Any survivors please respond.”
	“Give me the fucking radio,” Sara shouted, and then into the device, “I wasn’t expecting to hear your voice,” she paused. “I hope you’ve come to give us a hand.”
	“Sara?” Dan asked.
	“Yeah,” Sara replied. “Any chance of a lift?”
	“We’ll come down on your location,” replied Dan. “Secily, take us down.”
	The Marie Celeste flew down towards the surface, and was soon sat in the road, waiting for Ged to drive the car up the ramp and into the cargo bay.
	“They’re in,” said Tristian. “Raising cargo bay doors.”
	As the doors closed, Secily lifted the Marie Celeste off the ground.
	“Is this your fault again?” asked Sara as she strode onto the vessel's bridge.
	“Not this time,” replied Dan. “We’d have been here a whole lot faster if it was.” Dan smiled, and introduced Sara to Tristian and Secily.
	“All right?” asked Trayn with a nod.
	“Are they more vampires?” Sara asked, returning Trayn’s nod. “Did Rasputin survive?”
	“We don’t think so,” replied Dan. “But they aren’t vampires.”
	“Then what are they?” asked Sara once more. “I know they aren’t human,”
	“Werewolves,” replied Dan. “We’ve been tracking them for months after they killed a very good friend of mine.”
	“I’m sorry to hear that,” replied Sara. “But how did they and you end up here?”
	“Let’s wait until the rest of your party are up here,” said Dan. “That way I only gotta' tell the story once.”

***

	“I see,” said the Prime Minister once Dan had told the story of how the Marie Celeste came to be there.
	“This is your world,” Dan said. “What do you want to do?”
	“Well I think we can safely assume that we are on our own,” replied the Prime Minister. “We have not had contact with anyone else for days.”
	“That’s not to say they’re all dead,” said Trayn. “It just means they can’t get to a radio.”
	“But without radio contact how do you propose we locate any more survivors?” asked the Prime Minister.
	“It won’t be easy,” replied Trayn. “But I think I’ve got an idea.”
	“Go on,” said Sara. “Cos we got nothin’.”
	“You up for a fight mate?” Trayn asked, turning to Dan.
	“Like a bear shits in the woods, son,” Dan laughed.
	“Good,” said Trayn turning back to the Prime Minister. “Has anyone stood up to them yet?”
	“Not really,” replied the Prime Minister. “I think everyone has been too scared to do so.”
	“Then I guess it’s gonna’ be a pretty big deal when someone calls Cerberus out,” Trayn said with a smile.
	“And while all eyes are on me going up against Cerberus, you’ll sneak around the back and grab any survivors?” asked Dan.
	“Something like that,” replied Trayn. “It’s a tall order with only one ship though.”
	“We have another,” said Sara.
	“Well two is better than one,” replied Trayn. “How's that sound mate?”
	“Absolutely fucking insane,” replied Dan. “I love it.”

***

	“What the fuck am I doing?” Dan asked, talking to himself. He was sat on the ground, somewhere near the middle of the Utah Salt Plains, meaning that if Cerberus was planning to fuck him over, in theory he'd see it coming. He lit a cigarette and took a long, deep drag. All he had to do was keep Cerberus occupied long enough for Trayn to load any survivors onto the Marie Celeste. Sara had taken everyone else to the Europa base on board the other ship, that way if events on Earth did not go as planned there were still people left to fight.
	Cerberus had agreed to a one to one confrontation with one stipulation. The fight was to take place at night.
	“This is fucking perfect,” He lit another cigarette and looked to the sky.
	“I didn’t realise we’d come here to gaze at stars.” Dan looked in the direction of the voice, and stared straight at Cerberus. “It was my understanding we're here to fight.”
	“Where the fuck did you come from?” he asked.
	“Now now,” Cerberus cooed. “That would be telling.”
	“This dance of ours ain’t gonna’ get interrupted is it?” Dan asked. “I’d hate to have to kill all of your cronies.”
	“We shall be left alone,” replied Cerberus.
	“Can’t say as I believe you for shit,” said Dan, smiling. “But that’s enough talking, don’t you think?”
	“I agree,” replied Cerberus. “I’m not really one to talk too much.”
	“Then what are you waiting for?” asked Dan, flicking his cigarette to the floor. “Draw your fucking weapon.”
	“Oh there’s no need.” Cerberus leapt at Dan, who only just managed to dodge Cerberus’ claws. “I always have mine handy.” Cerberus laughed as he landed.
	“Like that is it?” Dan smiled as he ran at Cerberus, jumping over the werewolf and rolling to a stop the other side.
	“Why are you playing this game?” asked Cerberus. “You can’t win, and there is no one else to help you.”

***

	“Any news?” asked Trayn.
	“Nothing yet,” replied Sara. “Have you found any survivors?”
	“A few,” replied Trayn. “They’re all in pretty bad shape, looks like a lot of them tried to fight back.”
	“Bring them in,” said Sara. “We have a couple of doctors on standby.”
	“On my way,” replied Trayn.
	
***

	“Is that the best you can do?” Dan coughed up a mouthful of blood. “I thought werewolves were hardy bastards, all I see in front of me is a fucking pussy.”
	“And yet I remain unharmed,” Cerberus replied. “You on the other hand look like you may well die from your injuries.”
	“Don’t you worry about me,” Dan said, coughing up yet more blood. “I’m gonna’ kill you first.”
	“And then what?” Cerberus asked. “Do you think that will be the end?”
	“The beginning of the end, yeah,” replied Dan.
	“Do you know why we came to this universe?” asked Cerberus.
	“No,” Dan conceded, as he lit a cigarette.
	“This universe is the perfect universe, where everything worked out the way it was supposed to,” Cerberus explained. “The universe we come from is a prototype, as are countless others.”
	“So fucking what?” Dan coughed. “What difference does that make?”
	“Well it was not only myself who was drawn here,” Cerberus continued. “There are versions of you in other universes, just as there are versions of me, and every other person. I was called here, as was every other version of me in the Multiverse.”
	“So what you’re saying,” Dan coughed again. “Is that killing you will make no difference?”
	“Perhaps it will to you,” replied Cerberus. “But in the long run, not a chance.”
	Dan looked at his sword, and in a single movement he threw it towards Cerberus. The werewolf didn't move as the sword grew closer to him, spinning end over end as it did so. Cerberus dropped to the floor, Dan’s sword standing erect in the werewolf's skull.
	“I never was one for the long run,” Dan quipped as he put his foot on Cerberus’ chest, pulling his sword out of the fallen werewolf. He spat a mouthful of blood into Cerberus’ face, and reached for his radio. “You fancy picking me up dude?”

***
	“How many survivors did you find?” Dan asked Trayn, sat up in his bed in the medical bay.
	“A few hundred eventually,” replied Trayn. “I’ve been back out since you’ve been here.”
	“Is that all?” asked Dan, shocked. “I was kinda’ thinking there would be more than that.”
	“Well apparently werewolves aren’t really up for the idea of leaving anyone alive,” Trayn continued. “There ain’t too many corpses though, so they’ve either been very, very hungry...”
	“Or they’ve been turning,” Dan interrupted. “Well that’s fucking great that is.” Dan sighed. “Is everyone else OK?”
	“We’re all fine,” replied Trayn. “Hey what the fuck do you think you’re doing?” he said as Dan began to get out of bed.
	“I’m getting up mate,” replied Dan. “I’ve been on my back far too long, and besides I’m gagging for a smoke.” He looked his friend in the eye to see if he was going to make any effort to prevent him from rising. “I need to talk to you guys anyway, get everyone together for me as quick as you can, things are a fuck load worse than we thought.”
	“What do you mean?” asked Trayn.
	“I killed Cerberus, right?”
	“Yes you did,” Trayn replied. “Although he very nearly took you out in the process.”
	“There’s more than one Cerberus,” Dan said.
	“What the fuck do you mean?” asked Trayn.
	“I’ll explain all when we’re all together mate, I can’t be fucked to go over it loadsa’ times.”
	Dan watched his friend leave the room, and then went to get up. He was in an immense amount of pain, it felt as though at least  three of his ribs were cracked, and it took all of his will power to move his left shoulder without losing consciousness.

***

	 “That’s fucked up,” said Trayn. Dan had just told him, Tristian, Secily, Sara and Ged the information Cerberus had given to him. “So, how many?”
	“I don’t know mate,” replied Dan. “He didn’t say, but if you take into account the amount of possible universes, chances are we’re in for a rough time of it.”
	“Are these ships the only two we have?” asked Trayn, turning to Sara.
	“As far as I know,” replied Sara. “But we’re gonna’ need more.”
	“Too right,” replied Dan. “A lot fucking more.”


Chapter Three
Swords, Dragons, But no Diet Coke


	A solitary man sat atop the enormous flight of steps, basking in the brilliant sunshine. There was always brilliant sunshine here, no matter what time of day or which season it may be. Out of the corner of his eye he caught a glimpse of something moving, way down at the bottom of the steps. The man was not worried, for he knew that it would take a man three days to reach the top. He still had time. He lit his pipe, but he did not use a match. Inhaling deeply he closed his eyes, and breathed out the thick, creamy smoke. In the midst of the smoke that spread before him he could make out the image of a man in his twenties with dreadlocked hair. He smiled a knowing smile to himself, and promptly fell asleep.

***

	“There is one option that I don’t think we’ve considered,” Ged said.
	“Go on,” replied the Prime Minister, impatiently. The meeting had been going on for hours and all involved were a tad pissed off to say the least.
	“We could leave,” Ged replied.
	“And go where?” Dan snapped. “If we leave we'll be followed. We’re gonna’ have to fight at some point so I say get it outta’ the way.” Dan lit a cigarette, before he spoke again. “We have to make a stand.”
	“We have no idea how many Cerberus’ there are,” Sara pointed out.
	“Then we just gotta’ take one at a time,” Dan replied. “We have one thing on our side. I doubt very much we’re expected to win through."
	“You got that right,” said Ged.
	“We’re gonna’ do this,” Dan said confidently. “We don’t have a choice.” He sat down as he was beginning to feel a little shaky. He put it down to the fact that he had almost been killed fighting a werewolf, and pushed it to the back of his mind.
	
***

	The man awoke as the figure reached the top of the steps.
	“You are expected,” the man spoke, pointing a spindly finger at the newcomer.
	“You know why I am here?” The newcomer asked.
	“You are Cerberus, mightiest of all Lychans,” the man said. “You come seeking my help to disable your enemy.”
	“The rumours about you are indeed true.” Cerberus was impressed, and it took a lot to impress someone who'd been around as long as he had. 
	“You should not believe everything you hear,” replied the man. “What else do the rumours say?”
	“They say that you are the most powerful Shaman in the Universe,” replied the werewolf.
	“Flattery will get you nowhere,” replied the Shaman. “But as you have ascended the steps I am obliged to aid you.”
	“Do you need anything from me?” asked Cerberus.
	“I have everything I need,” replied the Shaman. “Leave me.” Cerberus did as the Shaman bade him, and turned to begin the arduous journey back down the steps. “Are you certain you want to take this course of action?”
	“I am,” replied Cerberus, without turning.
	“Then it is done,” replied the Shaman.

***	

	Trayn and Tristian ran down the corridor towards the medical bay, not caring as they knocked things over in their haste. They arrived breathless, to see Dan lying unconscious on a bed.
	“We can’t find anything physically wrong with him.” Trayn turned to see a doctor speaking to him. “He has recovered almost completely from his previous injuries, I’m afraid I don’t know what to tell you.”
	“If there’s nothing physically wrong with him, then why the fuck is he laid up in there?” asked Trayn, as calmly as he could manage, under the circumstances. “Are you telling me that there’s something wrong inside his head?”
	“All of our tests and scans suggest not,” replied the doctor. “Can you think of anything?”
	“You’re the doc, Doc,” snapped Trayn. “I’m just here to fight.”
	“Then that leaves only one option, and I can’t believe I’m about to say this,” the doctor paused. “With everything that we have seen over the past few months, the only other cause for his condition I can entertain, is that it is some kind of mystical ailment.”
	“Mystical ailment?” Tristian asked. “You mean he’s under a magic spell?”
	“I’m out of ideas,” replied the doctor as Trayn put his radio to his mouth.
	“Sara, I’m gonna’ need you to find me a black hole,” he shouted. “As fast as you can.”
	
***

	Dan stood for a moment to take in his surroundings. Something was missing. He reached to his pocket to take out a packet of cigarettes, but found no packet there. Instead he saw growing on a bush by the side of the path, several cigarettes.
	“Sweet,” he said out loud. “A fag plant.” He reached down to the bush, and pulled a cigarette from it. The cigarette lit instantly, and Dan put it to his lips. It was his brand. 
	“Don't suppose you'd grab one of those for me, would you?” Dan heard a voice ask behind him, and he turned to see that, of all things, it was a unicorn talking to him. “These damn hooves make picking things rather difficult.”
	“You’re a fucking unicorn,” Dan said, more than a little surprised.
	“It’s the horn, isn’t it?” The unicorn asked. “Always a dead give-away.” The unicorn opened its mouth and Dan placed a cigarette between its lips.
	“So where am I?” asked Dan.
	“You mean you don’t know?” Now it was the unicorn's turn to sound surprised. 
	“Clearly not,” said Dan.
	“You are in the Forgotten Realm,” replied the unicorn. “This is where everything that did exist, or could conceivably might possibly have existed, um... exists. The unicorn lifted its front leg as a couple of Dodo chicks scampered awkwardly past. “See?”
	“I guess,” replied Dan. “I’m not sure that this place makes all that much sense though.”
	“Well, isn’t that the point?” replied the unicorn. 
	“Isn’t what the point?” asked Dan.
	“Exactly!”
	
***

	“Any luck?” asked Trayn, irritably.
	“No,” replied Sara. “There isn’t a black hole for light years in any direction.”
	“I need to get back to our Universe,” Trayn explained. “We need Dan here, and the only way I know how to get him back is back home,”
	“What’s back home?” Ged asked.
	“Trixi,” Trayn replied. “Look again, please.”
	
***

	Dan wandered along beside the unicorn, retrieving the occasional lit cigarette for the both of them, every now and again.
	“So how did I get here?” asked Dan.
	“I’m afraid I can’t tell you that,” replied the unicorn. “Don’t you know?”
	“Well clearly not,” Dan snapped. “I wouldn’t have fucking asked if I did, would I?”
	“Well I don’t know,” replied the unicorn. “It’s a long time since I had a conversation with a human, you may have got smarter as a species.”
	“I think we probably have,” replied Dan, sarcastically. “But even so, this is a little beyond me.”
	“Well I’m sure you’re here for a reason,” said the unicorn. “Are you sure that you exist?”
	“Last time I checked,” said Dan, taking a drag on his cigarette. “Where are we going?”
	“To see the Great Wizard,” replied the unicorn. “He won’t give you any answers, but will point you in the right direction to help you find your own.”
	
***

	“There is one thing we haven’t thought about,” Ged said, looking up from the screen. He and Sara had been trawling star maps inch by agonising inch for hours.
	“What’s that?” asked Sara, relieved for a little respite.
	“The Large Hadron Collider,” Ged replied.
	“That program shut down decades ago,” said Sara. 
	“I bet they never got around to taking the thing apart though,” replied Ged. “Besides, it’s gotta’ be worth a shot.”
	
***

	“We have something,” said Ged, a few moments later. “But before you get too excited, it might not work.”
	“I’ll take anything,” replied Trayn. “So long as there’s a chance.”
	“Well about forty years ago a group of scientists got together and developed something called the Large Hadron Collider, essentially it was a particle accelerator, but as a side effect it created a temporal black hole,” Ged explained.
	“Why are we talking in the past tense?” asked Trayn. “Ain't this thing operational?”
	“The programme shut own five years later,” replied Sara. “At the time, it was thought that we had no use for it.”
	“Will it work?” asked Trayn.
	“There’s only one way to find out,” replied Sara. “You ready?”
***

	“Look over there,” the unicorn lifted its front hoof and pointed to the right.
	“What am I looking for?” asked Dan. “All I see is an empty field, granted it’s a fucking big field, but still just a field.”
	“Look harder,” replied the unicorn. “Open your mind.”
	As Dan stared intently, buildings began to appear before his eyes. It was a slow process at first, but soon houses and towers were shooting up, and in traditional fairy-tale fashion, poked through clouds that floated in the sky high above.
	“What the fuck?” Dan said, astounded.
	“That is the Magical Kingdom,” the unicorn explained. “You see the tallest tower, right in the centre?” Dan nodded. “That is the Great Tower, home of the Great Wizard.”
	“So that’s where we’re going?” Dan asked, unable to look away.
	“It gets you like that,” the unicorn nodded.
	
***

	“So how does this work?” asked Trayn, as he sat in orbit around Earth, the Marie Celeste cloaked to avoid detection.
	“As soon as we turn the LHC on, there will be something similar to an electrical storm, and then a black hole will exist,” Sara explained over the radio.
	“How long will I have?” asked Trayn.
	“About seven seconds,” replied Sara.
	“Nothing like cutting it fine then,” Trayn laughed.
	“Are you ready?” Ged asked. 
	“Yes mate,” replied Trayn. “See you guys soon.”
	Sure enough, there was indeed something resembling an electrical storm. Bolts of lightning shot up from the surface of the Earth, causing everything electrical on board the Marie Celeste to flicker on and off wildly. There were so many warning lights Trayn didn't know which to deal with first, so instead he opted to ignore them all. He was beginning to wonder what the black hole would look like as it was a fabricated one, and then he began to question himself, wondering if he'd missed it.
	He soon had an answer though, as the black hole appeared in the empty space in front of him.
	“Here we go,” he said to himself as he took the Marie Celeste forward and over the event horizon of the black hole. He was an expert tracker and knew that he would have no problem traversing what lay before him. It seemed to take an age, but in reality he was travelling faster than the speed of light, a lifetime flashing by in a second and vice-versa. The pressure inside was the greatest pressure imaginable, and yet Trayn felt as light as a feather, guiding the Marie Celeste out the other side of the black hole and into his home Universe.
	The ship was travelling incredibly fast, but was being pulled back by the gravity that surrounded the black hole and was barely moving as she crossed the event horizon.
	Once out the other side, Trayn put her into a high orbit around the black hole, and promptly passed out.
	
***

	Dan followed the unicorn through the winding streets and lanes that made up the Magical Kingdom. It was a huge place, like Brighton, but slightly more normal. Apparently it was market day, and traders lined the streets selling their wares. Dan was amazed at some of the things that were being sold, magic potions, poisonous apples, fairy dust, youth cream and dragon’s breath-in-a-bottle to name but a few. If this were a city like those Dan was used to, then a few eyebrows would probably have been raised towards the unicorn, but Dan noticed at least five or six other unicorns walking around, so he assumed that it was pretty much the norm here.
	“You want to buy a souvenir?” asked the unicorn.
	“I’m all right,” replied Dan. “But thanks.”
	“Most of that stuff is just for tourists,” the unicorn explained. “If you want the really good shit, you gotta’ know where to look.”
	“I’ll bear that in mind,” said Dan, shaking his head as not for the first time in the last few hours, he wondered what the hell he was doing, having what was essentially a serious conversation with a unicorn. They walked a little further, and soon they were at the foot of the Great Tower. “Where’s the door?”
	“You don’t really think that The Great Wizard would have a door to get into his home do you?” The unicorn scoffed. “People would just walk in off the street.”
	“Well then how do we get in?” asked Dan.
	“How do you think?” the unicorn chuckled. “We walk through the wall, just make sure that nobody sees you do it.” The unicorn faced straight onto the wall of the tower, walked forwards and sure enough went straight through it.
	“When in Emor,” Dan shrugged, and followed his four-legged friend through the wall.
	“Frankie, I see you’ve brought company.” The speaker was tall and probably gangly, but he was wearing long flowing robes, a cowboy hat and boots that looked as though they'd been stolen form a pirate.
	“Great Wizard, it’s been far too long,” the unicorn said.
	“You’re called Frankie?” Dan asked, laughing loudly.
	“Show some respect,” Frankie hissed. “And yes, my name is Frankie.”
	“Now now, Frankie,” the Great Wizard chuckled. “There’s no need to stand on ceremony.” the Great Wizard held out his hand, which Dan shook.
	“I understand you’re the man I need to be speaking to if I want to find out why I’m here,” said Dan, still shaking the Great Wizard’s hand.
	“Well I don’t know about that,” replied the Wizard. “Don’t you know why you’re here then?”
	“No,” replied Dan.
	“Well normally when people just appear here, there is a reason for it,” said the Great Wizard.
	“Normally?” asked Dan. “Does this kinda’ thing happen a lot then?”
	“More than you would imagine,” he replied, offering Dan a cigarette.
	“Does that mean there's the odd occasion when someone arriving here is nothing more than a mistake?” Dan asked, taking the cigarette and lighting it.
	“Oh no,” replied The Great Wizard. “Everything happens for a reason no matter where one is from, it is just a case of finding the reasoning.”
	“Can you help me do that?” asked Dan, glad he was smoking a cigarette as he was beginning to find the dude a little irritating.
	“I wouldn’t be a very good wizard if I couldn’t, now would I?”
	“I suppose not,” replied Dan.
	“Why don’t you start by telling me where you have come from,” the Great Wizard suggested.
	
***

	“This is the Reaper,” a voice came over the com. “This is the Reaper calling the Marie Celeste, please respond.”
	Trayn slowly began to regain consciousness as the voice began to worm its way inside his head.
	“This is the Reaper calling the Marie Celeste, please respond.”
	“Wha...” Trayn mumbled.
	“Trayn?” The voice came over the com once more. “Trayn is that you?”
	“Yeah,” Trayn mumbled again. “JD, man it’s good to hear your voice.”
	“Stand by,” JD said. “We’re gonna’ bring you on board.” 	Trayn waited a few moments before he felt the familiar sensation of being transported through Time and Space, and before he knew it he was sat, slumped in a chair on board the Reaper.
	“Man that was some trip,” Trayn mumbled, gratefully taking a glass of water out of JD’s hand.
	“Where did you come from?” asked JD. “You’re not gonna’ tell me you came through that black hole are you?”
	“I had to,” replied Trayn.
	“That black hole is on the verge of collapse,” JD explained. “In a couple of hours the pressure and gravity in there is gonna’ cause it to close completely in on itself.”
	“Good fucking job I got through when I did then,” Trayn tried to laugh, but it hurt far too much. He slowly turned as K walked onto the bridge.
	“Where’s the rest of the crew?” she asked.
	“In a whole mess of trouble,” replied Trayn, standing up to give K a hug. “Where’s Trixi?”
	“On Prima with her sisters,” replied K. “They’re putting Jemma through a strict rehabilitation program after what happened with her powers going awry.”
	“Dan needs her,” Trayn said. “We think he’s under some kind of spell.”
	“What happened?” asked JD.
	“I dunno,” replied Trayn. “All I know is that there’s a lot of werewolves need fighting, most of them named Cerberus.”
	“What?” asked K.
	“I’ll explain later,” said Trayn. “We have to get to Trixi, now!”
	
***

	“Well I must say,” said the Great Wizard after an unnecessarily long pause. “The last few years have most certainly been eventful for you.”
	“You noticed that, huh?” Dan replied. He'd just spent the better part of four hours explaining in great detail what he and his friends had been through, hoping that something in there might help the Wizard find some explanation for his being here.
	“Yes,” replied the Great Wizard, bluntly. “I fear that I cannot help you though, your salvation lies outside of this realm.”
	“Back in my own Universe?” asked Dan.
	“I cannot be certain.”
	“Then I’m stuck here,” said Dan, despondently.
	“For the time being, certainly,” replied the Great Wizard. “But from what you have told me about your friends, I cannot see you being here for too long.”
	“I hope you’re right,” replied Dan. “No offence.”
	“None taken,” the Wizard replied with a cheery smile etched upon his face. “If I were to be taken away from here I am sure I would feel as you do, no matter where I ended up, home is home after all.”
	“Well while I’m here, I may as well make myself useful,” said Dan.
	“Funny you should say that,” said the Great Wizard. “It seems to me that you are a warrior of great skill and cunning, perhaps there is something you could do for me, for my Kingdom.”
	“What’s that then?” asked Dan, as the Great Wizard pulled a sword form somewhere about his ample robes and handed it to Dan.
	“Well,” replied the Great Wizard. “There’s this dragon...”

***

	“What do you mean there’s more than one Cerberus?” Trixi asked. “That’s pretty much the worst case scenario imaginable.”
	“You’re telling me,” replied Trayn. “But that’s what Dan said, there's a Cerberus from every dimension... Universe... whatever.”
	“It doesn’t matter where they’ve come from,” said Trixi. “What matters is what they set in motion by all arriving in the same universe at the same time.” She sat back, flinging her arms in the air. This was not the way things were supposed to go. “So tell me again what’s happened to Dan.”
	“Well, I don’t know,” replied Trayn. “The doctors can’t find a thing wrong with him, other than him being unconscious.”
	“And they think it’s mystical?” asked Janey.
	“I don’t know what they think,” replied Trayn. “I think that they’re clutching at straws a little bit.”
	“Well we can’t do anything from here,” said Trixi. “Are we ready to fly JD?”
	“Yes Ma’am.”
	“Good,” replied Trixi, turning to her sister. “Sara I need you to stay here and continue Jemma’s rehabilitation.”
	“Of course,” replied Sara, smiling.
	“I know I don’t need to tell you this,” Trixi paused before continuing. “But please, for fuck's sake, don’t let her near any magic. She still has a lot of power.”
	“Don’t worry,” replied Sara. “We’ll be fine.”
	“I don’t think we have too much time,” said Trayn. “We should leave.”
	“You’re right,” replied Trixi. “We’ll open a dimensional portal, so make sure you’re following close behind.”
	“No worries,” Trayn winked.
	
***

	“Dragon?” Dan asked. “Dragon?”
	“Yes,” replied the Great Wizard.
	“As in flying-big-scaly-winged, breathing fire... dragon?” asked Dan.
	“Do you know of any other kind?” the Great Wizard asked.
	“Well, no,” he conceded.
	“Then yes, that is the kind of dragon I mean,” replied the Great Wizard. “But do not worry, you shall not be undertaking this quest alone.”
	“Who is coming with me?” asked Dan.
	“That would be me,” Frankie coughed, meekly.
	“You ever fought a dragon before?” Dan asked the unicorn.
	“If I had,” replied Frankie. “I don’t think I’d be standing here talking to you.”
	“Great,” Dan said to himself. “That’s just fucking great!”
	
***

	“We’ll have a portal open in thirty seconds,” JD said over the com.
	“Thanks mate,” replied Trayn.
	“No worries,” replied JD. “Just make sure you can keep up.” He cut the link to the Marie Celeste, and turned to Trixi. “Ready when you are Ma’am.”
	“OK,” Trixi replied. She and Janey were sat on the floor of the bridge of the Reaper, hands joined and eyes closed. Unless you were looking specifically for it then you would not have noticed, but the two girls rose a few inches off the floor and slowly began to rotate.
	Their circling soon became faster and they seemed to be producing a deep, red darkness. This darkness was not the opposite of light, more the absence of it. Without warning the girls stopped spinning, and energy left them in the form of a bright streak of light, hitting the cold space outside and causing a dimensional portal to appear. For all intents and purposes it was a black hole, with only one destination.
	“Here we go,” JD muttered to himself as he directed the Reaper through the portal, the Marie Celeste not far behind.
	
***

	Dan and Frankie stepped through the wall of the Great Tower, and found themselves back out in the main street. Dan instantly lit a cigarette and handed it to Frankie before lighting another for himself.
	“You know this is fucking crazy, right?” he asked.
	“You’re the one talking to a unicorn,” replied Frankie with a smirk. “And you did offer to help out.”
	“I know,” replied Dan. “But I gotta’ say I didn’t expect to be setting off to fight a dragon.”
	“Well you could have refused,” Frankie pointed out.
	“I could,” Dan conceded. “I guess I’m just not that kinda’ guy.”
	“Well let’s not stand around talking about it,” said Frankie. “We should get after this dragon.”
	“Man, I wouldn’t even know where to start looking,” Dan sighed.
	“Good job I do then,” said Frankie. “Follow me.”
	Frankie turned and ambled down the main street, Dan hesitated a moment before following, but soon set off after the unicorn. They were heading out of town, which in all fairness Dan didn't find surprising. He hadn’t really expected there to be a dragon hiding in this bustling market town.
	Frankie led the way to a footpath which in turn led the way to a wide, fast-flowing river. The landscape changed quickly before Dan’s eyes, so quickly in fact that it seemed to be changing specifically for him, as if it wanted him to be happy with it. In a world where the improbable was normal, Dan shouldn't have found this surprising, and he didn't.
	“So how far do we need to walk?” asked Dan. A few hours had passed by, and the two of them were sat down on the riverbank, taking a well earned rest. Dan lay on his back staring up and the early evening sky.
	“Three or four days more,” replied Frankie. “Not getting tired are you?”
	“I’m all right,” replied Dan. “Just the more I think about it, the more I really do fancy taking it to this dragon.”
	“That’s the spirit,” replied Frankie, jovially getting to his feet. Now I do not know if you have ever witnessed a unicorn attempting to get into a standing position from that of a seated one, but the flailing limbs and accompanying grunts and groans made it a hilarious spectacle, and Dan found himself laughing out loud.
	“Sorry,” he coughed, and got to his feet.
	“Onward,” Frankie said, seemingly ignoring Dan’s laughter.
	
***

	“We’re through,” JD said into the com. “You still with us mate?”
	“I’m here,” replied Trayn. “Gotta’ admit, that was a fucking lot easier than how I came through last time.”
	“I should say,” replied. JD.
	“Where are we headed?” asked Trixi.
	“Europa,” replied Trayn. “There’s a base there, and we’re expected.”

***

	Tristian sat beside Dan’s bed. She'd not moved since she and Trayn had first heard the news, except to visit the bathroom. She had a bowl of cold water and a face cloth that she used to wipe Dan’s brow every now and again, the water being refreshed at various intervals by a nurse.
	Tristian found herself drifting in and out of sleep, a light, disturbed sleep interspersed with images of flashing colours. She awoke herself with a scream. She sat bolt upright and felt a friendly hand on her shoulder. Turning, she looked into Trixi’s eyes. Without saying a word the two women embraced each other.
	“Bet Dan wishes he was awake to see that,” Trayn laughed as he entered the room.
	“Not the time dude,” Trixi whispered as she and Tristian released each other.
	“What do you think?” asked Tristian, nodding towards her unconscious lover. Trixi went over to Dan, and placed her hand on his forehead. She quickly drew back.
	“Janey,” Trixi said to her sister, nodding over to Dan, indicating that she too should place her hand on his forehead. Janey did so and virtually copied her older sister’s movements, only when she drew back, she fell to the floor.
	“What?” asked Tristian, frantic with worry. “What’s wrong with him?”
	“He’s in a magically induced coma,” replied Trixi.
	“That’s not ordinary magic,” said Janey. “That’s some seriously powerful Dark Magic.”
	
***

	“Is it me, or is that mountain range staring angrily at us?” asked Dan as he and Frankie walked side by side.
	“It’s you,” replied Frankie. “Because to me, that mountain range is smiling.”
	“How can you call that a smile?” asked Dan, laughing. “Look at its incisors.” 
	“No matter how hard I look, I’m always going to see smiles there, whereas you are always going to see an angry glare,” said Frankie.
	“Why is that?” Dan asked.
	“They are the Emotion Mountains,” explained Frankie. “When we walk through the pass, you will see monsters and demons around every corner and feel compelled to fight them, whereas I will see nothing but bluebirds and blue skies.”
	“Fuck me,” said Dan. “This place fucking freaks me out.”
	
***

	Trixi sat next to Janey, the two of them deep in conversation. They knew that the magic keeping Dan in his coma was too strong for the two of them to deal with on their own. They were going to need help.
	
***

	Dan and Frankie reached the opening to the pass through the Emotion Mountains. Through Dan’s eyes the pass was dark, almost as if it were night. The wind howled, and rain began to fall heavily.
	“As soon as we enter the pass we will each be alone,” said Frankie. “Because our perceptions of this are so different we will be taken on a different route through, but keep going as straight as you can and we will meet again on the other side.”
	“Sounds like a fucking party,” Dan said with a wry smile.
	“I’m not sure why,” began Frankie. “But I do get the distinct impression that you’re looking forward to this.”
	“I’d be a liar if I disagreed with you,” replied Dan, stepping forward. “See you on the other side Frankie.”
	When the unicorn didn't reply Dan looked back, but Frankie was gone. He drew his sword and stared out into the darkness. When he was satisfied that he could progress without interruption he slowly moved forward. Already he was soaked to the skin, his clothes offering little protection against the heavy rain.
	He reached into his pocket looking for a cigarette, and then remembering himself he wished that he had stocked up from one of the many cigarette plants along the way, as there were none to be found in the pass through the mountains. He rounded a corner and stopped dead in his tracks. Standing in his way was the largest rock he had ever seen.
	“Oh fuck me,” he said quietly to himself. The rock turned its huge head towards him.
	“What do you want?” it bellowed.
	“I’d kinda’ like to get past if that’s all right,” Dan thought it best to be polite when being addressed by a huge talking rock.
	“No one can pass through the domain of the Troll King,” the rock bellowed once more.
	“Are you the Troll King?” asked Dan.
	“No,” replied the rock, with a chuckle that caused a minor landslide. “Trust me, you don’t wanna’ meet the Troll King,”
	“Bigger and uglier than you is he?” Dan asked, already bored with politeness.
	“What?” The rock growled at him.
	Through his peripherals, Dan noticed many more rocks getting to their feet.
	“You know,” Dan began. “I think I’ve outstayed my welcome.”
	He broke into a run, catching the huge rock unawares. He narrowly avoided being splattered against the mountain side as a huge hand thudded into the ground a few inches behind him. The vibrations from the impact sent him sprawling. He hurriedly got back to his feet and continued to run, the trolls bellowing and grumbling behind him.
	
***

	“Don’t you feel that?” asked Jemma.
	“Feel what?” asked Sara.
	“The power,” replied Jemma. “I know I have nothing left, but even I can sense that there are some seriously powerful changes being made.”
	“I feel it,” replied Sara. “But it is not our place to do anything about it. You need to complete your rehabilitation.”
	“Don’t be so fucking soft,” Jemma scoffed. “We are being called. You claim to be stronger than me because you can control your power.” Jemma smiled an evil, sadistic smile. “I say you are weak. Weak for not having the balls to stand up and be counted. Weak for not answering the call. Weak, for not running to help your friends in their hour of need. Weak!”
	“I am stronger than you,” Sara replied softly.
	“Then prove it,” taunted Jemma. “Give me back my power so that we can answer the call together.”
	“No,” replied Sara. “I am not going to give you back your power.”
	“Yes,” replied Jemma. “Yes you will, if you are as strong as you say you are.”
	“No,” Sara shouted, her eyes glazed over.
	“You’re getting angry,” said Jemma, smiling that evil smile once more. “Anger is good, you will need that.”
	“I’m not going to give in to you,” Sara yelled at the top of her voice. Her eyes were now a deep red, her hair was standing on end and swirling lights surrounded her. 
	“Sweetie,” Jemma cooed. “You have already given me everything I need.” She raised her hands and directed her palms towards Sara, and after allowing herself a few seconds to enjoy the feeling of having power flowing through her veins once more, she shot energy from her hands at her sister, leaving Sara laying on the floor unconscious.

***

	Trixi and Janey both fell to the floor at the same time, writhing in apparent pain.
	“Ged, give me a hand,” Trayn shouted as he rushed to help Trixi to her feet. He nodded at Ged as the latter man helped Janey to her feet. “You girls OK?”
	“Really not,” replied Trixi, breathless. “Things just got a whole lot worse.”
	“It can’t be,” said Janey. “Can it?”
	“I wouldn’t have thought so, but it is regardless,” replied Trixi.
	“Will you two start making some kinda’ sense soon?” asked Trayn. “You’re giving me a headache.”
	“It’s Jemma,” said Trixi and Janey together.
	“What about her?” asked Trayn, knowing the answer but unable to entertain it.
	“She has her power back,” said Janey, bluntly.
	“Who is she?” asked Ged.
	“She is one of our sisters,” replied Trixi. “And she is more powerful than the rest of us combined.”
	“Oh,” replied Ged. 
	“What do we do?” asked Trayn.
	“We get Dan back,” replied Trixi. “We deal with one problem at a time.”
	“Where do you want me?” Trayn asked.
	“Take the Marie Celeste and get into orbit, anything that heads this way, shoot on sight,” said Trixi.
	“No worries,” replied Trayn. “Sara, Ged. You’re coming with me.”
	“OK,” replied Sara Bates.
	“JD, take K in the Reaper, and the same goes for you, shoot on sight.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied JD.
	“Janey and I are gonna’ get Sara here, three witches are better than two.”
	“You know,” said Sara. “This is going to get far too confusing.”
	“That’s the least of our worries,” said Janey. “If Jemma finds a way to get here then your name ain’t gonna’ make a difference.”
	
***

	Dan took refuge in a small alcove and sat, breathless. After a few moments he peered around the corner to see if he'd been followed. The rain was still falling heavily, and as best he could tell the trolls had given up the chase. He rested his back against the cold interior of the alcove, and drifted off into a shallow sleep. It couldn't have been long before he awoke, and as he rubbed his eyes with the backs of his hands, he was sure that he heard something.
	“Help me, Dan.” It was the tiniest voice, right on the edge of hearing.
	“Help me, Dan,” the voice repeated. He sluggishly got to his feet and ventured out into the rain once more.
	“Fucking great,” he muttered. “I was almost fucking dry.”
	“Help me Dan,” the voice said again.
	“I’m coming,” Dan shouted. “I’m fucking coming all right?”
	He carried on down the pass, falling into puddles up to his waist as he went. He rounded a corner and fell into yet another puddle. As he clambered out he saw who had been calling his name.
	“Help me Dan.” With both arms outstretched in her tiny cage was a fairy dressed in a minuscule green dress, her almost-transparent wings tucked away behind her back. “Help me.”
	“I’m here,” said Dan as he ran up to the cage and snapped the lock. The fairy pushed open the door and flew gingerly into the open, and planted a tiny kiss on Dan’s cheek. “Now you’re not going to turn into some monster are you?” asked Dan, kindly.
	“No,” replied the fairy. “What you see is what you get.”
	“Then what’s your name, little fairy?” Dan asked.
	“I’m Jezebel,” replied Jezebel. “And that is the first and last time I’ll allow you to call me ‘little fairy’, are we clear?”
	“We are,” replied Dan. “So, Jez for short?”
	“That’s fine,” replied Jez. “But what do you say to getting out of this rain?” As she spoke, Jez waved her hands around in the air and the sky cleared almost instantly and there was blazing sunshine. Dan also noticed the pass between the mountains seemed instantly wider, and there was grass underfoot with flowers and trees springing up out of nowhere.
	“So does that mean I’m in a good mood now?” asked Dan. “These are the Emotion Mountains after all.”
	“Well clearly rescuing me made you feel good about yourself,” replied Jez, coming to rest upon Dan’s shoulder.
	“It certainly did,” replied Dan, crouching down to pick a few cigarettes from a plant that had just shot up at his feet. “How far to the end of the pass?”
	“Not far at all,” replied Jez. 
	“Good,” replied Dan, as he began to walk on. “So how did you end up trapped in that cage?”
	“I don’t remember,” replied Jez. “I just woke up in there,”
	“How did you know to call my name?” Dan asked. 
	“I can’t reveal all my secrets,” said Jez. “Just be happy in the knowledge that you did good.”
	“No worries,” replied Dan.
	
***

	Trixi sat opposite Janey, the two girls hand in hand focusing on bringing their sister, Sara, into their midst. Both girls eyes' glazed over and became a deep red, and soon they were hovering a few feet in the air, circling an invisible centre piece. As the power began to flow through the girls this invisible centre piece began to take form. They began to circle faster and faster, and after a few moments they dropped heavily to the floor, Sara sat between them.
	“I’m sorry,” Sara bawled. “I couldn’t stop her, she’s so strong.”
	“It’s OK,” replied Trixi, breathless. “Everything is gonna’ be just fine, you’ll see.”
	Trixi wished that she could be sure that what she had just said was the truth, but the fact of the matter is that she couldn’t. 	She was sure that this was only the beginning. 
	As always, she was right.

***

	“Should we not be striking now, whilst they are still reeling?” Cerberus asked.
	“We have plenty of time,” replied Cerberus.
	“They have their witches with them,” said Cerberus. “Of course this is not an unexpected turn of events.”
	“They have three of them, but the most powerful witch is against them,” explained Cerberus. “Whilst she may not be with us in the strictest sense, she is not against us, at least not until her former friends cease to be.”
***

	Perhaps a moment should be taken to explain the current situation. There are an infinite number of alternate dimensions and universes. Now of course each dimension or universe is unique. There is a subtle difference somewhere in the history of a particular dimension or universe that separates it from its counterparts.
	As this is the case, it would of course not be a feasible scenario if in every dimension or universe there was a werewolf named Cerberus, but discounting those dimensions or universes where Cerberus never existed, and those where Cerberus had already been terminated there was still over four thousand Cerberi filling the enormous amphitheatre.
	They'd had the amphitheatre purpose built, for amusement purposes of course, but they also used it to hold meetings where the attendance of all was required.
	Tempers however, were getting short. As every Cerberus was... well, Cerberus, none could decide on an actual leader. This meant that they could only go forward with a plan if they all agreed on it, or of course, by fighting amongst themselves. Funnily enough they chose the latter, and always to the death.
	“She will turn to us once she has finished with her friends,” Cerberus said, raising his hands and surrounding the word ‘friends’, with sarcastic quotation marks. “We should eliminate her from the equation.”
	“We are relying on her to destroy those she once called friends,” said Cerberus. “Once she has completed that task, then we should destroy her,” As one, the Cerberus’ attacked. Soon the amphitheatre echoed with growls and snarls as the werewolves tore shreds out of each other. This particular fight would rage on for hours, diminishing the Cerberus population considerably.
	
***

	With Jez sat upon his shoulder, Dan saw the end of the pass through the Emotion Mountains. He lit a cigarette, and strode onwards.
	“See,” said Jez. “I told you it wasn’t too far.” She smiled sweetly.
	“You were right,” Dan agreed. “Thankfully, my feet are killing me.”
	“Shut up you big baby,” Jez teased. As the two exited the pass, they found Frankie lounging against some kind of tree that Dan did not recognise.
	“You took your time,” said Frankie. “I’ve been here for hours.”
	“Yeah well,” Dan replied. “I got caught up,” he paused. “Had some troll trouble.”
	“And you found a new friend I see,” Frankie stared in disgust at Jez, sat upon Dan’s shoulder.
	“What’s wrong?” asked Dan.
	“Nothing,” replied Frankie.
	 “He’s jealous,” Jez whispered in Dan’s ear, just loud enough for Frankie to hear.
	“I’m not jealous,” Frankie snapped, offended.
	“Then what’s wrong?” asked Dan.
	“It’s just...” Frankie decided to give up, and say what was on his mind. “I fucking hate fairies!”

***

	Trixi and her sisters, Sara and Janey, were all three sat on the floor surrounding surface maps and star charts. They had been searching for Jemma for almost a week, and so far they had had no luck whatsoever. 
	“She has to be here somewhere,” Janey said, the tiredness evident in her voice.
	“Why are we assuming that she has stayed in this Universe?” asked Sara. “She could be anywhere.”
	“She’s close,” replied Trixi, shaking her head. “Well, by that I mean that she is in this Universe, I can feel it.” She smiled at her sisters. “We’ll find her,” she said, reassuringly.


***
	“What do you mean, you hate fairies?” asked Dan. He had to admit he was more than a little shocked. As far as he was concerned Jez was lovely, and rather pretty for such a little person.
	“I can’t help it,” replied Frankie. “It’s genetic. unicorns and fairies just don’t get on.”
	“But why?” asked Dan. “What is there not to like?”
	“That’s not the point,” Frankie protested, and went on to explain why. The thing is, both fairies and unicorns were magical creatures, and magical creatures get along fine, just so long as they never have to see or have anything to do with other magical species. In the past great wars had been waged and the landscape of the Forgotten Realm was still broken and scarred, a reminder to all of the darkness that lay in the past.
	“Well Frankie,” Dan said when the unicorn had finished. “You’re gonna’ behave, all right?” He turned his head to Jez to see her sticking her tiny tongue out at Frankie.
	“You too,” he said, sharply. “Now, let’s go get this bloody dragon.”

***
	
	“You got anything?” asked Trayn over the com.
	“Not a thing mate,” replied JD. “I tell you man I’m quite bored of this shit.” 
	“Bored of what?” asked Trayn.
	“Bored of waiting,” replied JD. “I mean, we’re gonna’ have a hell of a job fighting as many enemies as we have, but I just wanna’ get on it.”
	“I know what you mean,” replied Ged, joining in the conversation on the com. “Isn’t there anything else we can do?”
	“We stay here,” said Trayn. “What Trixi says, goes. That’s just the way it is.”
	“Finished,” said K, coming onto the bridge of the Marie Celeste. She was coated head to foot in grease and grime, streaked where rivulets of sweat had run down her face. “You have a Half-Light Drive hooked up and ready to go, shouldn’t really have too much trouble keeping up with the Reaper now.”
	“Thanks K,” said Trayn. “That’s gonna’ make things a little easier.”

***

	“There’s an immense source of magical power coming from somewhere in that system,” Janey said with closed eyes, her hands stroking a particular star chart. “It isn’t Jemma, but it might be a good place to start.”
“OK,” replied Trixi after a moments thought. “We’ll take the Reaper, and leave Trayn here with the other Sara, Ged and K, just in case.”
	“You sure that’s a good idea?” asked Sara. “I mean, what if they get attacked?”
	“We have no choice,” replied Trixi. “And besides, I’ll bet Trayn’s gagging for some action by now.”
	“He’s not the only one,” said Janey, quietly.
	The Reaper left the sanctity of Europa, and as soon as she was out of orbit JD engaged the Half-Light Drive, having previously in-putted their destination. Temporarily the Reaper ceased to exist, and in less time than it takes to blink the Half-Light Drive took the vessel through Time and Space, and she re-materialised around an enormous planet.
	“That’s fucking huge,” JD said, staring in disbelief at his screen. “Have we come across a planet this size before?”
	“No,” replied Trixi, equally as stunned. Everyone else looked on in silence. “Run a scan JD, see what we got down there.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied JD, turning back to his console. He ran a scan, and then ran the same scan again. “Something’s blocking our instruments Ma’am,” he said, confused.
	“All I can sense is a magical presence,” said Janey. “And now we’re here, it feels bigger and stronger.”
	“You think we’re out of our league, don’t you?” asked Trixi.
	“Well,” Janey paused. “To be honest, yes I do.” She took another pause. “I’ve never felt anything as strong as this.”
	“Me either,” replied Trixi.
	“What’s that?” JD asked, pointing to his screen. Before anyone could offer a response, the Reaper was sent hurtling toward the planet's surface.
	“JD! What the fuck are you doing?” Trixi yelled.
	“It’s not me Ma’am,” the pilot replied as he frantically tried to get the rapidly dropping vessel under control. “It’s something from down there, on the surface,”

***

	“Here you are Frankie,” said Dan, handing a cigarette to the unicorn.
	“Thanks,” said Frankie sullenly.
	“Are you still pissed that I got a fairy on my shoulder?” Dan asked.
	“Well,” Frankie paused. “Yeah, you might say that.”
	“I told you Frankie, you gotta’ get used to her,” replied Dan, before turning to Jez. “How about you?” he asked.
	“I’m fine,” replied Jez. “It’s the unicorn with the problem, not me.”
	“Actually,” Dan’s tone changed. “It’s all of us,”
	“What do you mean?” asked Frankie.
	“How many dragons are there?” Dan asked.
	“Well the Great Wizard said there was one,” replied Frankie.
	“I think the Great Wizard may have been misinformed,” Dan smiled as behind Frankie, dragon after dragon rose up seemingly out of the ground. Soon the sky was filled with beating wings as thirty or forty dragons circled them. 
	“What do we do?” Frankie gulped.
	“Time for a party,” replied Dan.

***

	“Trayn,” Ged yelled. “We got something coming up on the scanner.”
	“Something like what?” asked Trayn, running to Ged’s console.
	“Looks like a damn fleet,” Sara said, fear evident upon her face.
	“K,” Trayn spoke into the com.
	“I see it too,” K replied. “What do you want to do?”
	“We can’t fight a fleet on our own,” Trayn said. “Prepare the Half-Light Drive.” There was a few moments silence. “K, what’s wrong?”
	“It’s not working,” K shouted.
	“Did you fit it right?” asked Trayn.
	“Of course I fucking fitted it right,” replied K, offended at the suggestion she'd not done her job properly. “The signal has been locked.”
	Trayn stared at the scanner alongside Ged, watching as the fleet grew closer.
	“Incoming message,” said Sara.
	“Put it up for me,” replied Trayn. “Let’s see what they gotta’ say for themselves.”
	“Trayn!” the voice boomed over the com. “I am Cerberus.”
	“Which Cerberus are you?” asked Trayn.
	“I am the Cerberus exterminating all life in this system whilst my counterparts bicker amongst themselves,” replied Cerberus, calmly.
	“I see,” replied Trayn. “I assume that’s what you’re doing here.”
	“You are correct,” replied Cerberus. “Prepare to be destroyed.”
	“Ah,” replied Trayn, pausing. “Fuck.”


Chapter Four
Awake


	“Shields to maximum!” Trixi yelled over the din. “We’re gonna’ hit the ground pretty fucking hard!”
	“They’re already at maximum,” JD replied. “Can’t you soften the landing Ma’am?”
	“I can try,” replied Trixi. “No promises though.”
	“Can we get over water?” asked Janey, shouting equally as loud as the other two. She and Trixi shared a glance, and as they did so their eyes glazed over, changing colour until they were almost black.
	“I have control back,” JD yelled. “Whatever you’re doing, keep it up.”
	“Head for the ocean,” Sara shouted. “The Reaper will take it so long as you don’t go too deep.”
	“No worries,” replied JD as he wrestled for control.

***

	Dan looked up as dragons circled in the sky. He had to admit they really were beautiful creatures, each and every one of them made up of vibrant colours, and in most cases an element of transparency, a fact that simply added to their majesty.
	“You’re not scared,” Jez whispered into Dan’s ear.
	“No,” replied Dan. “I dunno’ why, but for some reason I don’t feel threatened.”
	“There’s no reason you should,” Jez whispered again.
	“What do you mean?” asked Dan. “I was sent here to kill one of these bad boys.”
	“It may be time to rethink that strategy,” said Frankie.
	We mean you no harm.
	The words were imprinted in Dan’s head, as if they had always been there.
	Please, do not hurt us.
	“I was sent here to kill you,” Dan paused. “Well, one of you anyway.”
	We know.
	“Which one of you is talking to me?” Dan asked, staring at the sky.
	We are one voice. We speak for all.
	“If you mean us no harm, why was I sent here?” Dan asked.
	You were sent by the Great Wizard. We have power that rivals his own. He wants our power for himself.
	“What a bastard,” Dan replied, calmly. “Using me like that.”
	The Great Wizard must not gain our power. He will destroy anything and everything he touches. This place must not return to war. It was only our quick thinking that prevented the Forgotten Realm being completely destroyed during the previous war. We stole power, and we guard it with our lives. We were once much greater in number, now we are few.
	“What can I do to help?” asked Dan.
	Nothing. The Wizard will know that you have failed to kill us, but we suggest you leave the Forgotten Realm as quickly as possible. You are welcome here, but you do not belong.
	“You noticed that, huh?” Dan smiled. “There is however, a problem.”
	You do not know how to return to your own reality.
	“That’s the long and short of it,” Dan replied.
	We will help you.

***

	Trayn stood and watched helplessly as Cerberus’ fleet took up an attack formation. He realised that these were probably his last moments, but he had always thought he would go down fighting. He and the rest of the crew saw events in slow motion. They saw the lead vessel arm her primary weapon and they watched as the weapon was fired. They were helpless, and it was only a matter of seconds before they would be no more.

***

	JD held the Reaper stationary at a depth of around fifty feet. The ocean was incredibly clear, but it was night on the planet and visibility even at this depth was minimal.
	“So what the hell happened up there?” he asked.
	“Magic,” replied Trixi. “Someone really didn’t want us to come here.”
	“Then shouldn’t we leave?” asked JD. “I mean I know why we’re here, but still.”
	“We need to find out what the source of all that power is,” replied Janey. “Besides, don’t you want to know who almost killed us?”
	“Not if it means certain death,” JD snapped. “There’s been too much of that already.”
	“Take us up JD,” said Trixi, ignoring the protests. 
	“Yes Ma’am,” he sighed.

***

	“What the fuck?” Trayn yelled, as Jemma appeared from nowhere on the bridge of the Marie Celeste.
	“No time,” Jemma snapped. “So shut the fuck up.”
	Trayn watched as Jemma’s eyes turned blood red and raised her hands. The missiles fired by Cerberus’ ship exploded a few feet away from the vessel.
	“Now watch this,” she said with a smile. The crew of the Marie Celeste watched with bated breath, waiting for something spectacular, and then it happened. Cerberus’ entire fleet exploded, sending shock waves out that were felt down on the surface of Europa. 
	“Thanks for that,” Trayn said, turning to face Jemma, but she was nowhere to be seen. “Did anyone see where she went?”
	“She just disappeared,” replied Ged. “Who the hell was she?”
	“That was Jemma,” replied Trayn.
	“I thought she was one of the bad guys,” said Sara.
	“It’s... complicated,” replied Trayn. “Next time she’s just as likely to destroy us instead.”
	“I see,” Sara replied. “I guess we got lucky.”

***

	The Reaper scoured the planet, covering every inch countless times, but she and her crew could not find the source of the energy reading. It seemed to be coming from everywhere, yet its location could not be found.
	“This is pissing me off,” JD said, the calmness in his voice not echoing his mood. “We’re wasting time.”
	“It has to be coming from somewhere,” Trixi said. “We just have to find it.”
	“Can’t you use magic?” asked JD.
	“Already tried,” replied Trixi. “We’re being blocked.”
	“Should that not tell you something?” JD snapped. “We should get back to Europa, and do everything we can do to get Dan back.”
	“I know how you feel JD, I really do,” Trixi sympathised. “We will get him back, but I can’t help feeling that the immense energy reading coming from somewhere on this planet has a whole lot to do with the coma that Dan is in.”
	“Then we gotta’ try harder,” JD said, with more volume than he intended.
	“He’s right,” Janey said. “There’s gotta’ be another way.”
	“Somebody give me a cigarette,” said Trixi, looking around. “And please... put some fucking music on!”
	
***
	
	Trixi sat alone, as she had done for almost an hour. Reaching out with her mind, she searched for the source of the power coming from the surface of the planet. She could sense something, or someone blocking her, shutting her out. It would take time to break down this barrier. But there was no time. Every second wasted here meant that Dan was more likely not to come out of the coma. The power here was responsible for his condition, of that she was sure. She pushed herself harder, daring herself to find what she was looking for. She was sweating buckets.
	Trixi’s eyes opened wide, and she stood and ran to the bridge as fast as she could.
	“I hope you have some good news,” JD said as Trixi arrived on the bridge.
	“Find the highest point on the surface,” Trixi replied. “That’s where we’ll find what we’re looking for.” She wiped sweat from her brow before it had a chance to sting her eyes.
	JD quickly scanned the surface, and found the highest point.
	“That’s almost fourteen thousand feet above sea level,” he exclaimed. “We’re gonna’ struggle to breathe that high up.”
	“Don’t worry about that,” replied Trixi. “The place is protected, some kind of energy field, we should be OK.”
	“Taking us down Ma’am,” JD said. 
	“Good,” replied Trixi. “I want you to stay up here with the ship, I’m going down there with Sara and Janey,” she paused, “and you’d best engage the cloak.”
	“Yes Ma’am.”
	
***

	“You are expected.” The Shaman did not even turn.
	“Then we shall make this quick,” said Trixi. “You know why we are here?”
	“I do,” replied the Shaman. “I cannot grant your request.”
	“You will,” said Janey, coldly.
	“This is a fight you cannot win,” said the Shaman, turning to face the girls.
	“We’ll see about that,” said Sara, leaping high into the air.

***

	“Anything else on radar?” asked Trayn.
	“No Sir,” replied Ged. “It looks like the fleet was completely destroyed.”
	“Gives us breathing space at least,” Trayn sighed. “Take us down Ged, I wanna’ check on Tristian.”
	“Yes Sir.”
	
***

	Tristian was sat in the same place she had done for days, holding Dan’s hand as tightly as can be. She turned to the door as Trayn entered the room and smiled softly at him.
	“Any change?” Trayn asked.
	“No,” she replied. Her face altered, as if she was fighting to make the words to come out of her mouth. “Is he going to wake up?”
	“I hope so,” replied Trayn, placing a hand gently on Tristian’s shoulder. “I really fucking hope so.”

***

	We must rid this place of the evil that has ruled for so long. We must destroy the Great Wizard.
	He is strong. This will not prove to be an easy task.
	His power is rooted in darkness. He cannot prevail.
	Even so. Our losses will be great.
	It is a sacrifice we are willing to make. We have sat and watched for too long. This is the time for change.
	Dan felt every word enter his head as the dragons discussed what must be done. He felt useless, but as they said this was not his fight. He needed to get back home.
	“You’ll get back,” Jez whispered kindly.
	“What if it’s too late when I do?” he asked. “What if my friends are gone?”
	“If your friends are anything like you, then I don’t think you need to worry,” replied Jez. “They need you, sure, but they will survive for now without you.”
	“If they’ll survive without me, then why do they need me?” Dan asked.
	“You’re the hero, right?” Jez asked. It was a question to which she needed no answer. “You’re the guy who saves the day, every time.”
	“What if this time, I don’t?” Dan had never doubted himself like this. He really didn’t like the feeling.
	“I probably shouldn’t tell you this,” Jez began. “But as a race, Fairies are inherently telepathic. A side effect of this is that I can read exactly what’s going on in that head of yours.”
	“What do you see in there?” Dan asked, not sure he wanted to know the answer.
	“I see that guy,” replied Jez, softly. “That guy who is going to get back to his own dimension, that guy who is going to kill the bad guys. I’m not saying it’s going to be easy, and I’m certain you’ll make mistakes along the way, but trust me when I tell you, it’s gonna’ be OK.”
	
***

	The Shaman lay on his back, blood pouring from his mouth. He looked at Trixi through bloodshot eyes, and spat.
	“I thought you said that we could not win this fight,” she taunted. “I thought you were an all powerful sorcerer.”
	“I did not realise the strength you had,” replied the Shaman, spitting out yet more blood. “I did not realise the strength of your feeling for your friend.”
	“Sounds like you didn’t realise much,” said Janey.
	“That may be the case,” replied the Shaman, rising to his feet. “However,” An energy burst from his hands sent the three sisters sprawling. “This fight is not yet over.”

***

	Jemma sat at the end of the huge table. The only light in the room came from the candles that lined each wall, casting an eerie glow which managed to do little but emphasise the darkness. Her eyes were unmoving, fixed on the figure that sat opposite her.
	“You have resurrected me,” Lord Rasputin spoke, his voice harsh and rasping. “For that I am grateful and you shall be rewarded.”
	“Thank you, Master,” replied Jemma diligently.
	“Your so called friends turned their backs on you, tried to quash your power,” Lord Rasputin continued. “Acts of selfishness such as this will no longer be tolerated.”
	“Yes Master.”
	“I shall rule this galaxy, as was always my intention. You Jemma, shall be my fists, the instrument I shall use to gain control.” Lord Rasputin smiled, the candle light glinting off his pearly white teeth. “Once I have complete control, you and I shall procreate and a new race will be born. A hybrid race. Witch and vampire. The human race shall be all but wiped out.”
	“I look forward to it, Master,” Jemma smiled.
	“Yes,” replied Lord Rasputin. “You do.”

***

	Dan fell to the floor, his body convulsing. Jez scrambled out from under his body, she had been sat on his shoulder when he fell.
	“We need to get him out of here,” she yelled, her tiny voice raised as loud as it would go.
	“What’s wrong with him?” asked Frankie.
	“I don’t know,” replied Jez. “But this isn’t a good sign I’m sure.” Dan was foaming slightly at the mouth, his eyes rolled back in his head.
	Stand aside. 
	“But...” Jez began to protest, but then thought better of it.
	He is weak. We must send him to his own dimension. And we must do it quickly
	As one the dragons took to the air and flew around Dan in an ever widening circle. Soon they were moving so quickly that it was impossible to distinguish between them.
	Stand aside.
	“Jez get out of the fucking way,” Frankie yelled. “Stupid fucking fairy.”
	Too late.

***

	Trayn sat beside Tristian, her free hand held tightly in his own. Neither of them noticed Dan’s eyes open.
	“So what does a guy have to do around here to get a smoke?” Tristian didn’t say anything, but in her elation she stood and hugged Dan as tightly as she could. “Need to... breathe!” Dan gasped.
	“Sorry,” Tristian said, releasing Dan from the hug. “How do you feel?”
	“Like shit,” replied Dan, nodding to Trayn. Tristian leaned over and kissed him deeply, running her tongue over Dan’s. “But that does make me feel a little better.” Dan laughed when Tristian allowed him to come up for air.
	“I thought you were going to die,” Tristian was crying, tears streaming down her face.
	“It’ll take more than that to kill me,” replied Dan. “So what’s going on?”
	“A whole lot,” said Trayn. “Trixi’s gone looking for a way to get you back.”
	“Trixi’s here?” asked Dan, smiling.
	“Yeah,” replied Tristian. “Your buddy here risked life and limb to get to her, took himself through a black hole and everything.”
	“Mate,” Dan said. “Never knew you cared,”
	“Well I couldn’t have Tristian moping around after you,” Trayn laughed, and Tristian punched him on his arm.
	“He won’t admit that he missed you,” Tristian smiled. “But he did.”
	“Well we still got a whole lotta’ werewolves to kill,” said Trayn. “I guess I could use the help.”
	“What we waiting for?” asked Dan, making to get up.
	“Easy,” said Tristian, placing a gentle hand upon his chest. “Gotta’ let the doctors check you over first, and I don’t think we should do anything until we got Trixi, Janey and Sara back here.”
	“Agreed,” said Trayn, and then looking at Dan, “good to have you back mate.”

***

	 JD pushed the button on his console to receive the incoming message.
	“JD it's Trayn,”
	“What’s wrong man?” JD asked.
	“Dan’s back,” Trayn replied.
	“How?” asked JD. 
	“You got me,” Trayn began. “But how ain’t important.”
	“Yeah you’re right,” replied JD.
	“We could do with you guys back here yesterday.” 
	“The girls are down on the planet investigating this power source,” JD explained. “We’ll be back as soon as we can.” He cut the transmission.
	
***

	“Your request has been granted,” the Shaman said.
	“But not by you,” said Trixi. “Your power has been concentrated elsewhere.”
	“This is true,” replied the Shaman. “You and your sisters are free to go.”
	Trixi picked herself up off the floor. She felt the back of her head and winced.
	“Your injuries are superficial and will heal in time.”
	“Yeah thanks,” Sara coughed as she too stood up.
	“Guys, I might need a hand,” Janey cried, pain evident in her voice. Trixi and Sara looked to their sister, and saw her leg twisted almost all the way around. “Not sure I can actually stand up on my own.” Trixi looked to the Shaman but he was gone, apparently without a trace.
	“JD we’re coming back up,” she said into the com. “As soon as we’re on board get us back to Europa, I think we could all use a doctor.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied JD. He waited until the girls were on board before engaging the Half-Light Drive, and within seconds the Reaper was in orbit around Europa.


Chapter Five
The Word of a Werewolf


	Dan sat on the edge of the bed he'd been laid up in for weeks. He'd been given a clean bill of health by several medical professionals, and Trixi had finally conceded to allow him to return to active duty. Dan wasn’t entirely sure why he needed Trixi’s consent. Had it gone the other way and she had not allowed him to rejoin the fight, then he might have complained about it.
	He picked up the remote that lay on the table beside his bed and pressed the random button. ‘Dig’, by Mudvayne began to play through the tiny yet powerful speakers in the room. Nodding his head in satisfaction he put a cigarette to his lips, but stopped himself lighting it when he remembered where he was. He put the cigarette back in the packet and hunted for something to take his mind of the fact it was weeks since his last real cigarette, as according to the doctors cigarettes smoked whilst in a magically induced dream-state don't count. Dan found a packet of chewing gum under his pillow; spearmint flavoured. He stood up and was about to leave the room when he stopped. He walked quietly over to the bed, and gently lifted the pillow.

***

	Jemma knocked gingerly on the door to Lord Rasputin’s chambers. Despite the fact that it was she who'd resurrected the vampire, she was still a little nervous when it came to disturbing him.
	“Enter,” Lord Rasputin’s voice boomed from the other side of the door. Jemma did so, closing the heavy door quietly behind her.
	“Apologies for the disturbance Master, but it appears we have several people willing to fight for our cause,” Jemma explained. “It seems that these people would rather have direction in their lives, than attempt to prevent the inevitable.”
	“I see,” Lord Rasputin smiled. “This is not unforeseen.” The vampire took a deep breath before continuing. “It is up to you. You can kill them where they stand, or you can use them to build your army.”
	“My army, Master?” Jemma asked, confused.
	“You cannot take over the galaxy on your own,” Lord Rasputin snapped. “You are a capable woman and the strongest witch I have ever met, but even so.”
	“I understand,” replied Jemma. “I shall draft them into my army. There are thousands more where these come from, and all are expendable.”
	“Now, you’re talking like a true leader,” Lord Rasputin smiled once more. “You may take your leave.”
	“Yes Master,” replied Jemma, as she turned and left the room.
	
***

	Dan looked down at the empty space where his pillow had been a moment ago. It had only been a feeling anyway, so he wasn’t really surprised when he didn’t see Jez curled up there. Just to make sure though, he quickly flipped the pillow over, Jez tumbling to the floor as he did so.
	“How the Hell?” he asked, confused.
	Jez scrambled up his leg and torso, and took up her regular spot on Dan’s shoulder before she spoke.
	“I had to get out of that place,” Jez whispered. “I had to come with you, it was the only way.”
	“OK I understand that much, but I didn’t know that you’d be able to come with me,” Dan replied.
	“Neither did I,” replied Jez. “What I did may well have killed me, but apparently there are other plans for me.”
	“Well it’s nice to see you,” Dan smiled. “But I’m not sure how the rest of my friends are going to react to me having a fairy sat on my shoulder.”
	“I can stay hidden,” Jez said, earnestly. “I can make sure that only you know about me.”
	“That’ll have to do for now,” Dan conceded. “You’d better get up into my dreads.” Jez smiled, flashing her tiny, yet brilliant white teeth, and swung herself up into Dan’s dreadlocks. “You OK back there?”
	“Yes,” whispered Jez.
	“Good,” Dan replied. “Now stay quiet.”
	Dan left the room and headed out of the medical wing. He found himself in the recreation area, and lighting a cigarette he walked up to the bar. He looked around, and not seeing anyone he recognised he turned to the barman and ordered himself a pint. Almost twenty minutes went by before Dan heard a familiar voice.
	“Thought this’d be the first place you’d come,” Trayn laughed as he pulled up a stool next to Dan and ordered a pint for himself.
	“Not that predictable am I?” Dan asked. Trayn said nothing, he just grinned. “Yeah all right, I can take a hint,” Dan said eventually. “Any news?”
	“Nope,” Trayn replied, supping his beer. “Although I’m pretty sure Trixi has something in mind.”
	“Got that glint in her eyes has she?”
	“You know it,” Trayn lit a cigarette. “But she wants us all on the Reaper as soon as we can. I did tell her it might take a while to find you though.”
	“Got time for a couple more of these then have we?” Dan asked, holding his pint glass up for the barman to refill.
	“My thoughts exactly,” Trayn smiled.
	
***

	“You took your sweet fucking time,” Trixi said as Trayn and Dan arrived on the bridge.
	“I’m a hard man to find,” replied Dan, laughing.
	“Whatever,” said Trixi. “I’ve had an idea.”
	“Go on then,” said Dan after a couple of seconds silence. “Don’t keep us in suspense.”
	“OK well we know for a fact that we are vastly outnumbered,” Trixi began. “But I think that’s something we can use to our advantage.”
	“How so?” asked Dan. He had a fairly good idea of the direction Trixi was taking here, and he approved.
	“We’re going to perform a series of hit-and-run attacks,” Trixi replied. “We approach an enemy vessel, remove the cloak, destroy the target and re-engage the cloak.”
	“If we carry on like that we’ll be at it for years,” Dan said, smiling. “Works in theory though.”
	“Then how would you maximise our attacks?” asked Trixi.
	“You and your sisters have the power to keep our ships off the radar, right?” Dan asked, carrying on before Trixi could answer. “Granted they'll catch on eventually but I reckon we can do significant damage to their fleet if you magically cloak the ships, because then we can fire weapons without being detected.”
	“You’re talking about attempting to take out the whole fleet in one, aren’t you?” asked Trixi, a broad smile spreading across her face.
	“Well why the fuck not?” Dan asked.
	“I think it’s a good idea,” Jez whispered in Dan’s ear.
	“Thank you,” Dan replied.
	“For what?” Trixi asked.
	“What?” asked Dan. “Oh... nothing.”

***

	The Reaper and the Marie Celeste sat side by side, occupying a high orbit around Europa. They were waiting until night fell over Europe to launch their attack, as their intelligence told them that the majority of Cerberus’ fleet was currently on the ground. There were exceptions of course, and these exceptions would prove to be the problem.
	“How d’you wanna’ play it?” Dan asked into the com. “We could probably take out the ships on the ground with a few precision nukes.”
	“No nukes,” Trixi replied. “We don’t wanna’ fuck up the atmosphere so much that the planet is uninhabitable for decades.”
	“Fair play,” Dan replied.
	“If we hit the hyper-drive on one of those ships, it should destroy it,” Trayn suggested.
	“Can’t you simply magic them away?” asked Dan.
	“I could,” replied Trixi. “But to do that I’d be going to a very dark place, one that I probably wouldn’t come back from.”
	“I guess that’s out then,” replied Dan. “Looks like we’ll be targeting the hyper-drives.”
	“It’s the best plan we have,” replied Trixi. “You guys ready to go?”
	“Yeah,” replied Dan. “We have Secily at the helm, because apparently her reaction times are almost twice as fast as mine.” Dan shot Trayn a look, who simply shrugged in response.
	“Gutted,” JD laughed.
	“It’s gonna’ get messy down there,” Trixi said, her voice calm.
	“I know,” replied Dan. “Good luck.”
	
***

	 Jemma surveyed the huge throng of men, women and children that stood before her, and she smiled. There were people here from all across the system who'd heard of their fate should they fail to pick the correct side. As far as they were concerned, this was the correct side.
	Of course there were those who had opted not to join this new alliance, but it was clear to everyone in attendance that those traitors would not prevail. Jemma knew that that was exactly what everyone before her was thinking, because she had embedded herself in their minds, and anyone who was not thinking this knew full well that they would be hung as traitors to the cause.
	“Thank you all for coming,” Jemma had decided to go for a slightly humanitarian approach, and make out like she had given people a choice. “I know that some of you have travelled many days to get here, and I thank you for your haste.” There was a murmur of approval rippling through the crowd.
	“Today is the birth of a new start for the human race, as of today this system is ruled by the New Alliance, and soon the entire galaxy will recognise our power. They will join us, or be considered traitors.” Jemma paused once more for effect. “And what is the punishment for a traitor?” her voice raised a few decibels.
	“Death!” The roar came back from the crowd. “Death to traitors!”
	“Death indeed,” said Jemma in response. “Now if you will all make your way inside one of the many recruiting centres, you will be assigned your rank and duties, any questions?”
	Of course, no one asked anything. In fact no one breathed a word, instead when it was clear that everyone was going to remain silent Jemma clicked her fingers, and in a puff of smoke, she disappeared. It was a cliché she knew that, but she couldn’t resist.
	
***

	The Reaper and the Marie Celeste reached Earth, both vessels magically cloaked. On their radar they could see several enemy vessels in orbit around the planet. Those were their first targets, and were quickly dispensed of. Dan and Trayn were manning the guns on board the Marie Celeste, with Ged and Janey taking up the same positions on board the Reaper. Not a single shot was wasted, and soon a belt of debris was in orbit around the third rock, where once there were many ships.
	“We’re getting a message through,” Tristian yelled over the din.
	“Put it up on screen for me,” replied Dan as he left his position on the guns. “Sara take over from me here.” Field Agent Sara Bates did as he commanded and eagerly took up the empty gunner’s position.
	“How did I know it would be one of you?” Dan asked, as Cerberus’ face appeared on screen. “What the fuck do you want?”
	“You have destroyed much of our army,” Cerberus replied. The signal was breaking up. 
	“You expect me to think of that as a bad thing?” asked Dan.
	“No,” replied Cerberus. “We want to make a deal.”
	“I’m listening,” replied Dan, ignoring Jez’ frantic whispering in his ear.
	“There are twelve of us left here,” Cerberus continued. “The rest have been destroyed by you, or by infighting.” 
	“And?” Dan asked, irritably.
	“You have us at a distinct disadvantage, from your position you could take us all out with a volley of rail gun fire,” Cerberus continued.
	“Sounds fair to me,” Dan replied.
	“It may be fair,” Cerberus began. “But I believe you are a man of honour, and there is no honour in pulling a trigger.” This appeared to stop Dan in his tracks, so Cerberus continued. “I propose a fight to the death, but of course you will only be fighting one of us at a time.”
	“So I get to kill all of you?” asked Dan, smiling.
	“If that is how things turn out,” replied Cerberus.
	“I accept your challenge,” replied Dan after a moments thought. “But at the first sign of you double crossing us...”
	“You have my word,” replied the werewolf.

***

	“You did what?” Trixi yelled, unable to believe exactly what she was being told. “What the fuck were you thinking?”
	“The dude questioned my honour,” Dan replied in his defence. “And to be fair he may be a psychopath but he has a point, sneaking around blowing the shit out of their ships makes us no better than they are.”
	“At least that way we were all still alive,” Trixi yelled once more. “Even if you manage to kill one or two of them, there is no way you can handle twelve werewolves in hand-to-hand combat, especially not when all twelve werewolves are Cerberus,”
	“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Dan snapped. “Nice to know you got faith in me.”
	“Well do you even have a strategy?” Trixi asked her voice not quite so raised.
	“Not as such,” Dan replied. “I figured I’d just beat the living piss out of each and every one of them.”
	“That’s the kinda’ strategy I can get my head around,” Trayn said quietly from the sidelines.
	“Keep out of this Trayn,” Trixi shouted, turning sharply to Trayn.
	“What?” Trayn said, offended. “I’m only saying... quite jealous to be fair, I wish it was me going down there.”
	“No,” said Dan gently. “You realise what they’re gonna’ do to me, don’t you mate?”
	“You’re gonna’ be ripped to shit to be sure,” replied Trayn. “But you know as well as everyone else in this room that you’re gonna’ come out of it alive.”
	“That’s as maybe,” said Trixi. “It doesn’t take away from the fact that it was a really fucking stupid thing to agree to. We could have blown the shit out of them and been home and dry.”
	“Things never go quite like that,” Dan smiled. “You know that as well as me.”
	“Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” Tristian asked, looking extremely worried.
	“Yeah,” Jez whispered. “Are you sure?”
	“I’m sure,” Dan said kindly, taking Tristian by the hand and ignoring Jez as best he could. “Don’t worry; you know that I’m going to survive this.”
	“How do I know that?” Tristian asked, the same worried look stretched across her face.
	“Yeah,” Jez whispered. “How do I know that?”
	“I got you to live for baby,” Dan beamed, once more ignoring Jez’ tiny voice as he kissed Tristian passionately. 

***

	Dan stood in the centre of the huge amphitheatre. The midday sun beat down, and he could feel the heat on his back. The Cerberus’ had insisted the showdown take place when the sun was highest in the sky, Dan guessed correctly that this was so they had a considerable advantage. Fatigue would set in very quickly for him, whilst they had strength in numbers. If he squinted, Dan could see his friends sat on one side of what in traditional amphitheatres would be considered the Royal Box. On the opposite side sat a lonely Cerberus, the same Cerberus that Dan and the crew of the Marie Celeste had followed into this dimension. Dan figured that he would be killing him last.
	“You sure you don’t want to go sit up there?” Dan asked. “You’re gonna’ be in for a rough ride down here.”
	“They don’t know about me yet,” replied Jez.
	“I think at this point, that really doesn’t make much difference,” said Dan, smiling.
	“Even so,” Jez insisted. “I’m staying with you.”
	“Whatever,” replied Dan. “If things go wrong though, promise me you’ll get out of here.”
	“I promise,” replied Jez, this time it was her turn to smile. “Good luck.”
	“Thanks,” said Dan as the first Cerberus approached him. “Guess I’m gonna’ need as much of that as I can get.”
	“I’m surprised you accepted our offer,” Cerberus smiled as he approached Dan. “We would not have done.”
	“Then I guess that makes me the bigger man,” replied Dan, matching Cerberus’ smile.
	“And that will prove to be your downfall,” Cerberus paused. “Your pride.”
	He leapt at Dan as he spoke, and despite Dan seeing it coming Cerberus still managed to gouge deeply into the side of his face. Dan picked himself up off the floor and dusted himself down.
	“That’s the only shot you get for free,” he said, smiling a bloody smile as he drew his sword. “Let’s try this one again.”
	Dan threw his sword up in the air as Cerberus leapt at him a second time, completely missing his target. As Dan rolled under the werewolf he reached up and plucked the sword out of the air. He quickly stood and swung his sword around, decapitating Cerberus as he did so. He picked up the head of the dead werewolf and looked into the wide open eyes. Smiling, he dropped the head to the floor and kicked it in the direction of the Royal Box.
	“Is that the best you have?” he yelled. “If so, then you might as well not bother.”
	Dan dispatched his next three opponents in a similar fashion, hardly breaking a sweat.
	“I can do this all day,” he said. He was now much closer to the Royal Box. He could make out Tristian’s proud smile, and in turn he felt his own heart swell with pride. 
	“I’d like to test that theory,” he heard a voice behind him.
	“Give me your best shot,” Dan said without turning. He noticed there was no Cerberus sat in the Royal Box, and assumed he had gone to prepare himself. He felt a rush of air behind him and side-stepped, bringing his left arm around and catching the attacking Cerberus on the side of the head. He chanced another look up at his friends, and also noticed that he could not see Secily.
	He pummelled Cerberus with punch after punch until he dropped to the floor.
	“Find Secily!” he yelled before bringing his sword down on the stricken werewolf’s neck. He turned again to see Trayn rush off, his own sword already drawn.
	Moments later as his next opponent entered the field of battle, Dan watched as Trayn threw Cerberus from the balcony.
	“He’s bitten her,” Trayn yelled. Dan could almost hear the tears in his friend's voice. Dan lifted the fallen werewolf by the scruff of his neck.
	“You broke the deal,” Dan spat in his face.
	“I never said anything about not biting your friends,” Cerberus replied, laughing maniacally. 
	“All that bullshit about honour?” asked Dan, his face turning red with rage.
	“That was simply to get you here,” Cerberus replied, still laughing that cold, evil laugh. “You have defeated five of me, now we shall see how you deal with seven at once.”
	Dan threw Cerberus to the floor, and turned to see six drooling werewolves.
	“Betty!” Dan yelled, and on cue Tristian pulled Betty from the large holster on her back, and handed the rocket launcher to Trayn who threw it straight into Dan’s outstretched hand. “You fucked us,” he said coldly. “You brought this upon yourselves.” 	He aimed the weapon and fired. Seconds later it was raining werewolf insides. Dan turned to face the remaining Cerberus, slinging Betty over his shoulder as he did so.
	“Did you really expect us to play fair?” Cerberus growled.
	“No,” replied Dan. “That’s why we brought Betty along. Still I didn’t expect you to stoop quite so low; she’s just a little girl man.”
	“That makes no difference to me,” replied the werewolf. “I could have picked anyone of your friends, it just so happens I went for the only one unable to defend herself.”
	“You know I’m gonna’ kill you, don’t you?” Dan asked, his voice unwavering.
	“But my kind will live on,” replied Cerberus. “You may kill me, but despite the risk to yourselves and the rest of your race, you shall not harm the girl.” 
	Dan stepped up to Cerberus, and said, “then you best think yourself fucking unlucky you ain't her,” before embedding his sword in Cerberus' skull with all his might, and the werewolf dropped to the floor once more, this time for the last time.

***

	Secily lay sedated on the lone bed in the medical bay on board the Reaper. For the past four hours she had been contorting and writhing in pain. The poison seemed to have taken a hold now though, and there was nothing that could be done for her. There was no known cure for the werewolf poison, of course there was always exorcism but Trixi was adamant that this would only ever be a total last resort, as the process would more than likely kill the girl.
	“What happens next?” Dan asked as he and his friends milled around outside the medical bay, none of them wanting to stray too far from Secily.
	“We’ve rid this Universe of the werewolf threat, I guess it’s only right that we take Secily back to our own Universe,” replied Trixi. She knew as well as the rest of her friends that essentially, Secily was dead. The creature in the medical bay may look like the little girl they once knew, and it may indeed have her memories, but Secily was dead. In her place was a demon.
	“I’d like to say something,” said Sara Bates. “I’m saying this on behalf of the surviving population here, but I can’t thank you enough for what you have done for us.”
	“No worries,” said Dan.
	“If there’s ever anything we can do to help you, you only have to ask,” the EDC Field Agent continued.
	“Thank you,” replied Trixi, smiling a weak, pained smile.

***

	Sara and Ged were safely off the Reaper, and the crew of the vessel were all but ready to depart.
	“How’re things looking over there?” Trixi asked into the com. “You boys about ready to leave?”
	“Yes Ma’am,” Dan replied. “How does this work?”
	“Well if you blink you’ll miss it, but we should get out of orbit before we open a window, don’t want to inadvertently take anything else with us.”
	The Marie Celeste followed the Reaper until they were a safe distance away from Europa, then without warning and in a blinding flash of light both vessels were instantly transported back to their home universe.
	“You’re right,” Dan said into the com as he checked and double checked the systems on board the Marie Celeste. “That was quick, and we are most certainly home.”
	“We’re not too far off Prima,” Trixi said. “We should head there and get Secily into isolation until we can figure out what to do with her.”
	“Is she still sedated?” Trayn asked.
	“Sleeping like a baby,” replied Janey. “But probably not for long.”
	“I’m picking up a hell of a lot of life signs on the surface,” Tristian said, pouring over the console as the two vessels flashed back into existence in orbit around Prima.
	“We’ve been gone a while,” replied Dan. “I expect people have begun to move back.”
	“Yeah,” replied Tristian. “Probably.”
	The Reaper and the Marie Celeste set down on the surface of Prima. The crews of both ships noticed a huge crowd of people outside, and simply assumed that it was a welcome home party so it came as quite a shock when, as they disembarked their respective ships, they were greeted by what looked like an army, all with their weapons drawn and ready to fire.
	“I don’t want to worry anyone,” Dan whispered. “But I think we may be in a spot of trouble.”
	“Welcome home,” a voice shrilled out above the rest. “You are all under arrest.”
	“Who said that?” Trixi asked, and was shocked for the second time in as many minutes when Jemma stepped forward. “What do you mean, we’re under arrest?” she asked her sister.
	“Each and every one of you is guilty of high treason,” replied Jemma.
	“What the fuck are you talking about?” Dan yelled, moving his trench coat to the side, revealing Betty in all her glory, glinting in the morning sun.
	“I wouldn’t move if I were you,” said Jemma. “My boys here are simply gagging for some action.”
	“Back up a little,” Trixi said.
	“Not confused, are you sister?” Jemma taunted. “Let me break it down for you. This galaxy is ruled by Lord Rasputin, and I am his strong right arm.” Jemma let this sink in, and watched with much satisfaction as the colour drained out of the faces of her captives. “Oh and just in case you were thinking of trying anything silly, I took the liberty of binding your powers.”
	“You absolute fucking bitch,” Janey yelled. “How dare you...”
	“I do dare,” Jemma cut her sister short. “And there’s nothing that any one of you can do about it.”
	Trayn nudged Dan in the back, but Dan shook his head. “I want to mate,” he whispered. “But there are a lot of guns pointing right at us.”
	“I want the girl,” Jemma said, smiling a smile that was becoming increasingly familiar.
	“What girl?” asked Trixi, blankly.
	“Don’t play games with me, I hold all the aces here,” Jemma said, turning to a soldier standing next to her, she spoke loud enough for Trixi to hear. “The girl will be in the medical bay, bring her to me.” The soldier diligently made his way towards the Reaper, and pushed his way through the crew.
	“You do know she was bitten, don’t you?” asked Dan.
	“Yes,” replied Jemma. “I believe that was Cerberus’ last act before you decapitated him.” Jemma began a slow clap. “Well done on that by the way, having Cerberus out of the way will make our lives so much easier.”
	The soldier sent to get Secily returned with the girl slung over his shoulder.
	“She will be my pet,” Jemma laughed.
	“What’s so funny?” asked Trayn, getting angrier by the minute.
	“Nothing,” replied Jemma, shooting Trayn a menacing look. “It’s just that I always did want a puppy.”
	Jemma appeared to have reached some kind of conclusion. “Lock them up, make sure you don’t leave them any weapons and I want four guards on the door at all times, do I make myself clear?”
	“Sir, yes Sir,” the shout went up from Jemma’s personal army.
	“Good,” replied the witch. “They will be hanged in the morning.”


Chapter Six
Time Machine


	It was raining. Not the kind of rain that you don't really notice, but the kind of rain that falls from the sky with so much venom and anger that it makes even the most devout agnostic seriously think about praying to some deity or other. It was the kind of rain that falls so hard that when it comes into contact with one's skin, one may be forgiven for mistaking it for hail. 
	Trixi sat in between K and JD on the one and only bench in their cell. It wasn't a large cell, but as its current occupants were due to be hanged in the morning, human rights had at this point been overlooked. Dan leant against the wall staring out of the tiny barred window, racking his brains, trying to think of a way to get them out of this mess.
	“I could easily climb out of that window you know,” Jez whispered quietly into his ear.
	“I know,” Dan replied as quietly as he could manage. You see, Jez was a fairy who had hitched a ride into this dimension with Dan when he'd been sent back from a magical domain. “But no one knows about you yet.”
	“I think this may be as good a time as any to introduce me to your friends,” Jez suggested, still speaking in the same low whisper.
	“Talking to yourself mate?” JD asked.
	“Not exactly,” Dan replied. “You know how I haven't really talked all that much about that coma I was in?”
	“We had noticed,” said Trixi, sullenly. She and her two sisters, Janey and Sara, had had their powers bound by their evil sibling.
	“Well it was a fucked up place,” Dan began. “The kinda' place you'd imagine you were if you were on an acid trip, and I didn't exactly come back alone.”
	“What do you mean?” asked Trayn, rubbing his back on the wall of the cell in an attempt to get rid of a particularly irritating itch. “Voices in your head?”
	“No the voice is real, but...” Dan trailed off.
	“Spit it out,” K snapped. “I don't want to spend the last few hours of my life wondering what it is you were gonna' say.”
	“I came back with him,” Jez said as she clambered out from underneath Dan's dreadlocks. It seemed that everyone in the cell stopped breathing for a few seconds as they took in the sight that beheld them. A tiny person was stood on Dan's shoulder. She could have been no more than six inches in height and was wearing a dainty green dress.
	“I kinda' rescued her,” Dan explained. “And I guess she decided to stick around for a while.”
	“Dude you realise that you have our way outta' here right there?” Trayn said excitedly.
	“That's what I've been telling him,” Jez sighed with relief. “Finally someone with a head on their shoulders.”
	“We'll talk about this later,” Tristian said to Dan. “But for now I'd quite like to get out of this situation.” It was a comment to which Dan responded with an understanding smile.
	“Looks like you're up then Jez,” he said to the fairy.
	“I'll be as quick as I can,” she replied, and jumped up onto the tiny window ledge. Then she was gone.
	“You think they'll have got around to moving our ships yet?” Trayn asked. There was a very noticeable chill in the room, and he for one was quite looking forward to escaping.
	“I doubt it,” replied Trixi, not taking her eyes off Dan. “I'm gonna' kill that back stabbing bitch when I get my hands on her.”
	“You'll need your powers back first,” K reminded her. “But that's not our biggest problem.”
	“Rasputin,” said JD.
	“I can't believe she had the nerve to resurrect him,” said Tristian who like Trixi, had not taken her eyes off Dan.
	“It was unexpected,” said Dan, aware that most of the eyes in the room were on him.
	“Ain't like you to understate like that,” JD chuckled. 
	“Look,” Dan snapped. “I can see you all judging me, and for what? Rescuing a tiny person?”
	“No,” replied Tristian as she calmly walked up to Dan and slapped him hard across the cheek. “Rescue all the tiny people you want, rescue all the tiny people in the fucking Universe but don't you fucking dare hide anything from me again.” 
	“Yeah I didn't think that would go down too well,” said Dan, rubbing his cheek. “In my defence though I was a little shocked that she came back with me.”
	“Talk to me next time, OK?” Tristian said, before she kissed Dan full on his lips. “You big stupid man.”

***

	The rain was falling even harder now and it was all Jez could do to dance in between raindrops, although her size meant that if a raindrop was to land on her, she would more than likely be crushed by the sheer weight of it. Rain like that should not have been able to exist.
	She eventually made her way inside and headed straight for the cell block, hoping against hope that she would come across an unattended control room and find a button marked 'Cell Doors', or something of that nature. The thing is, how often do things run quite so smoothly as that?
	Jez took temporary refuge beneath a wooden bench to give herself time to dry out a little whilst she got her bearings. She wrung the rain water out of her bright red hair and took a few deep breaths. She was happy to be doing something useful rather than simply hiding amongst Dan's dreadlocks. She did of course wish there were better circumstances behind the reasoning for her current activities, but she wasn't about to complain. She only wished she had some power in this dimension. She'd tried to use magic a few times since she'd accompanied Dan back here, but to no avail. Well no matter, Jez considered herself nothing if not resourceful and was sure she had plenty more to offer.
	Having waited long enough, the fairy thought it best to crack on, so she left the safety of the bench and scurried down the corridor. She did think it strange that aside from the few guards outside the building itself she had not come across anyone else inside. She didn't let it bother her though, and as she entered the unattended control room she noticed a monitor screen which clearly showed her new found friends in their cell. It also showed four guards posted outside the cell. Luckily though, right next to the monitor Jez could make out a button marked 'Cell Doors'. She seemed satisfied with this and jumped up onto the console. Before she pressed the button she did think for a moment, wondering if it was the right thing to do. No one in the cell looked prepared for this eventuality, but she figured they were big enough and ugly enough to look after themselves so she pressed the button regardless. She watched events unfold on the screen. 
	The cell door slid silently open and she watched as Dan and Trayn seemed to notice this together. They signalled their friends to be silent and pointed out the empty door.

***

	“Hey!” Dan shouted in the direction of the guards. As one the guards turned. He and Trayn rushed them together, sending all four guards sprawling.
	“Weapon mate,” Dan shouted to Trayn as he threw his friend a gun of some kind.
	“Safety off I think,” Trayn said quietly as the four guards got shakily to their feet. Trayn had pulled two shots off before Dan had removed the safety catch, and two more before he had aimed his own weapon. “Nice,” Trayn smiled. “Shoots out some kind of energy beam.”
	“Did a number on those poor bastards,” Dan agreed, darting back to the cell. “Come on, we're outta' here.”
	They made their way towards what they hoped was the exit, Jez jumping up onto Dan's shoulder as the group of escapees ran by the control room.
	“Good job,” he said to her as they ran.
	“Thanks,” Jez replied. “I saw the ships on my way around.”
	“Where?” asked Trayn, not breaking his stride.
	“Outside and left,” replied Jez.
	“How about guards?” Trixi asked.
	“Wait...” Tristian had tripped and fallen. Dan rushed back to help her up.
	“Are you hurt, baby?” Dan asked, concerned.
	“My knee,” replied Tristian. “I can't put weight on it.”
	“Trixi!” Dan shouted, throwing her his gun. “I'm gonna' have to carry her.”
	“We got company,” Trayn shouted from the front. “Actually scratch that,” he said after pulling off three or four shots. “Outside and left you say?”
	With Trayn out front and Trixi taking up the rear, the group made their way as quickly as they could outside and to their ships. They made it without too much trouble.
	Of course there was the incident where Dan got jumped from above and Tristian was sent sprawling. Dan had quickly got to his feet, throwing his would-be assailant against a wall where a conveniently placed broken window had been leaning. Shards of glass had broken the man's skin in so many different places that he was likely to bleed to death within minutes. Dan had picked up Tristian once more and they had continued. But aside from that they had reached the Reaper and the Marie Celeste without incident.
	“Get her to the medical bay,” Trixi shouted to Dan. “K, Sara. Go with Trayn on the Marie Celeste.”
	“We need to get out of this system,” Trayn said. “Give us time to regroup.”
	“I agree,” Trixi said quietly. “Any ideas?”
	“Yeah I think so,” Trayn replied. “I'll send you the co-ordinates over.”

***

	“Marie Celeste, we have you incoming,” a familiar voice came over the com.. “And I see you have brought company.”
	“One, my friend,” Trayn replied. “We could do with a place to crash for a while, you got room for us down there?”
	“Of course,” replied One. “Sending you docking instructions now.”
	“Thanks,” Trayn replied, as the Reaper followed the Marie Celeste down to the surface of the planet.
***

	Soon Dan, Trayn, and Trixi, were sat opposite One in a conference room similar to that which the two men had been in before.
	“Well that's the introductions out of the way, and your lady friend is being well looked after in our infirmary. We shall have her good as new in no time,” said One, smiling across the table.	
	“Thank you again for your hospitality One,” said Dan. “We don't have many friends in this galaxy.”
	“We in the Free System are only too happy to help,” replied One. “As you say, allies are hard to come by. How did your last mission go?”
	“We defeated Cerberus,” said Trayn.
	“Well all the Cerberi actually,” interrupted Dan. “It's a long story,” he added when he noticed the confused look on One's face.
	“Well I am pleased to hear that,” said One. “But I sense there is more trouble for you and your friends now.”
	“It seems that our system has fallen under the rule of a witch and a vampire,” Trixi said, feeling she had sat silently for long enough. “Rasputin, you might have heard of him?”
	“I can't say as I have,” replied One. “I have come across his kind however, nasty creatures and extremely difficult to kill.”
	“Especially when they get resurrected,” said Dan, laughing despite the enormity of the situation.
	“I see,” said One quietly. “So you have killed this particular vampire before?”
	“Yes,” replied Trixi.
	“And I assume it is the witch you speak of who is responsible for his resurrection?”
	“You assume correctly,” replied Trixi again. “And that witch just so happens to be my sister.”
	“Not one of the sisters you have with you, surely?” asked One, surprise evident in his voice.
	“No,” replied Trixi. “There are four of us.”
	“Are you not all witches?” asked One. “Can the three that remain not defeat her?”
	“It's... complicated,” Trixi tried to explain. “She seems to be infinitely more powerful than the remaining three of us combined, and she has bound our powers.”
	“There are ways to regain that power,” said One, knowingly.
	“There are two ways I know of,” replied Trixi. “The first would be to convince Jemma to break the binding spell.”
	“Un-fucking-likely,” Dan chuckled.
	“And the other lies over a thousand years ago on Earth,” Trixi finished.
	“So of your two options you consider the second more likely?” One asked.
	“Well... yes but without our powers we have no way of getting there,” Trixi replied.
	“I see,” One said slowly, before standing quickly. “I shall be but a moment.” He left the room silently.
	“This place is incredible,” Trixi said turning to Dan.
	“I know, that's exactly what I said the first time we were here,” Dan replied, as One came back into the room.
	“I apologise for that,” he began. “I had to check on something.”
	“Not a problem,” said Dan. “May I ask what?”
	“We have been working on a particular technology for some time now, over four hundred years in fact and I believe it to be exactly what you need,” One replied, a touch of hesitance preceded almost every word.
	“There's a problem with it?” Trixi asked, picking up on One's apparent reluctance to speak his words more quickly than her two male friends.
	“I am sure it will work,” One continued. “The issue is that it has never been successfully tested.”
	“What is it?” Dan asked impatiently.
	“I suppose you would call it a... time machine,” replied One.

***

	“I can't find anything wrong with either system,” K shouted down from her perch atop the huge bulk that sat centrally in the Reaper's engine room. “It should work, well they both should.”
	She and One had spent the better part of the previous two days installing a time machine on board both the Reaper and the Marie Celeste. K hadn't slept since they had arrived in the New System and was grateful her coffee mug seemed to refill itself without her asking. She and Trixi had been poring over circuits and system read-outs for hours, in an effort to ensure that once the time machines were initiated, they weren't going to rip a hole in the fabric of Time and Space, and unleash all kinds of unimaginable hell.
	“So we input a destination code, flick a switch and go?” Trixi asked.
	“In theory,” K replied. “Yes. One has uploaded a list of co-ordinates, they work on the theory that time is linear. Once the system is initiated we would technically not move an inch, but the time-line would roll backwards or forwards, depending on where it is we wanted to go. It's genius, yet simple at the same time, accurate to the second.”
	“So it goes year, month, day, time?” Trixi asked, making sure she had things clear in her head.
	“It's as easy as that,” K replied, and fell asleep where she sat, resting her head on a beam that ran the width of the engine room.

***

	Jemma paced the concrete floor outside the electrified cage, currently occupied by Secily. She stopped pacing occasionally and made eye contact with the werewolf, before carrying on her incessant pacing once more.
	“You will do as I say,” Jemma said eventually. “You will be a good little puppy for me.”
	Secily growled in response. She was still coming to terms with her new condition, and although the poison Cerberus had injected into her when he'd bitten her had made her body infinitely stronger, it was still a difficult and painful process that her body was going through. Jemma smiled at her and just for good measure reached out with her mind gaining control of Secily's own confused body, she made the werewolf run full pelt into the electrified cage. Secily whimpered in pain which of course made Jemma smile, so she repeated the process a couple more times before leaving Secily to sleep it off.

***

	“How is your pet?” asked Lord Rasputin, not sounding as if he was particularly interested.
	“She'll come around, Master,” Jemma replied, taking a seat at the end of the huge table. “I think she will prove to a valuable asset, especially as I doubt very much my sisters will have it in them to kill her.”
	“If that proves to be the case then you are correct,” Lord Rasputin agreed. “She may turn out to be our secret weapon, so to speak.”

***

	Alone once more, Secily was attempting to come to terms with what was happening to her. She could feel the poison as it traversed her body, strengthening her internal organs, coursing through her veins. She wanted blood and flesh, she needed it, she craved it. The desire was getting unbearable and was long beyond her control. Despite the strength and power she knew she now had, she knew that once that sweet claret passed her lips for the first time she would be next to invincible. When Cerberus had bitten her she had gained his power and knowledge. She knew exactly what needed to be done, she must escape from this cage. It was not in the nature of any werewolf to answer to anyone, no matter how powerful that person may be. But Secily was special, she had been sired by Cerberus, the oldest and most powerful werewolf ever to exist. She was no longer Secily.
	She was Echidna, daughter of Cerberus.
	“These electric walls shall not imprison me forever,” Echidna growled as Jemma entered the room once more.  Jemma noticed something very different about her prisoner, her demeanour had changed completely.
	“It seems you have come to terms with your condition Secily,” Jemma smiled. “It is about time.”
	“My condition?” Echidna asked. “I have always been this way, only now have I been freed to inhabit a body once more.”
	“Am I speaking to the demon inside?” Jemma asked, her face still fixed in the same excited smile.
	“I am the demon of which you speak,” Echidna replied. “I am Echidna, daughter of Cerberus.”
	“Excellent,” Jemma replied. “That is excellent news.”
	She turned to leave, but was stopped in her tracks by a deep rumbling growl from Echidna.
	“How dare you turn your back on me.”
	“You shall soon learn that you will get nothing from me until you alter your attitude significantly,” Jemma replied without turning, before continuing out of the room.

***

	JD lay next to K on the small bed in their shared quarters, which had been built in the same manner as it seemed every building in the New System had been -  not much to look at but as soon as you step through the door from the outside, it all seemed so much bigger. After K's three day stint making sure both their ships would run with a fully operational time machine she was taking a well deserved rest, and had therefore been asleep for the past thirteen hours.
	JD would occasionally stroke her head or kiss her on the back of her neck, just to see if she was awake and might possibly have been in the mood for something else other than sleeping, but his attempts were apparently in vain, for K did not stir.

***

	“I can't help thinking about Secily, and what she must be going through,” said Tristian quietly. She and Dan were enjoying a post-coital cigarette out on the balcony that led off their quarters. The view was breathtaking. Nowhere else in the Universe could so many moons and planets be situated so close together. It was not really clear which moon was orbiting which planet, and both were surprised that there were no collisions. The New System appeared to be in complete harmony with itself in every single way.
	“I know,” replied Dan kindly. “Gotta' say I do feel bad about leaving her behind, but then again I did have you to worry about.”
	“I still have to thank you properly for carrying me like that,” Tristian said with a wink. Her leg was completely healed, the medical facilities in the New System were second to none.
	“You wanna' go again?” Dan asked, smiling the smile of a man totally at ease with himself.
	“If you think you can handle me,” Tristian laughed, taking Dan by the hand and leading him back inside.

***

	Trixi sat at the bottom of the ramp leading into the Reaper's cargo bay, her legs crossed and eyes closed as she smoked a cigarette. She was early she knew, but there was something about the New System that put her at peace, and she didn't know how long it would be before she and her friends had a chance to visit again. Everyone else would be arriving at the ships in an hour or so, ready to make the journey to tenth century Earth. Trixi didn't mind the wait. She was enjoying the peace and quiet.
	She must have lost track of time because it felt like only a few minutes before she was surrounded by her friends and supplies were being loaded on board.
	“You about ready to go Ma'am?” JD asked as he and his beloved approached. He'd not got much sleep the night before. He'd been more than happy simply watching K sleep enough for the both of them.
	“I am when you guys are,” Trixi replied, smiling. “You and K are coming with Janey, Sara and I on the Reaper. Everyone else on board the Marie Celeste.”
	“No worries,” said JD. “You think this is gonna' work?”
	“I see no reason why it shouldn't,” replied Trixi. “That's all I'm saying.”
	“Let's find out then, eh?” JD suggested before turning to K. “You wanna' run any last minute checks babe?” he asked her.
	“If they don't work now then they never will,” K replied, fully refreshed from her marathon sleeping session.
	“I like the sound of that,” replied Trixi as she stood up and made her way on board the Reaper.
	“How's things looking over there?” Dan's voice came over the com as Trixi arrived on the bridge.
	“K says we're a go,” Trixi responded. “You know what you're doing?”
	“Do I ever?” Dan chuckled.
	“You know what I mean,” Trixi said, and Dan could hear laughter in her voice even over the com.
	“No worries,” Dan replied. “You guys wanna' go first?”
	“I wasn't even gonna' give you the choice,” Trixi replied, still laughing. “Follow us up.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” Dan replied as he cut the transmission. The Reaper lifted off the planet's surface and was swiftly followed by the Marie Celeste with Dan at the helm.
	“Input destination code,” Dan said without hesitation. 
	“Yes Sir,” replied Tristian as she punched a few buttons. “We're locked on.”
	“Then I guess we wait for the all clear from Trixi?” Trayn asked from his seat behind one of the many consoles on the bridge of the Marie Celeste.
	“We could,” Dan replied. “But fuck it let's beat her to it for a change.”
	“Yes Sir,” said Tristian, flicking a switch.
	“The Marie Celeste has left, Ma'am,” JD said, turning to Trixi.
	“Looks like Dan wants a race then,” Trixi replied, a grin appearing on her face. “Better not disappoint. Hit it K.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied K..


***
	“Are we there?” Trayn asked. He hadn't felt a thing.
	“Computer says yes,” replied Tristian. “Now to make the jump to Earth.”
	The Marie Celeste flashed temporarily out of existence whilst the Half-Light Drive decided where exactly it wanted to be, before appearing in a high orbit around Earth.
	“I'm reading a lot of life down there Sir,” Tristian said, worry evident in her voice. “More than there should be in the tenth century certainly.”
	“Fuck,” Dan replied. “What year have we arrived back in?”
	“I can't tell,” Tristian replied. “And the time machine isn't responding, I think the jump fried the circuits.”
	“Fuck,” Dan said, for the second time in a minute.

***

	“Well where are they then?” Trixi asked. The Reaper was in a high orbit around Earth.
	“They could be cloaked?” JD suggested.
	“We'd still pick them up,” Janey replied. “Are we in the right year?”
	“We are,” replied Trixi after glancing at her console. “Which means they probably aren't.”
	The crew glanced around at each other, none of them knowing what to say.
	“What do you want to do Ma'am?” K asked after a few minutes.
	“We came here with a purpose,” Trixi seemed to decide. “We gotta' get the job done else we're in no end of trouble. We'll get our powers back, and then look for the Marie Celeste.”

***

	There was a frantic knocking on the huge wooden doors, and Lord Rasputin signalled that they should be opened. He and Jemma turned to see who the intruder was. It was one of the guards from the cell block where Echidna was being held. He looked very beaten up, his face covered in blood.
	“What is the meaning of this intrusion?” Lord Rasputin boomed.
	“The werewolf, Master,” the guard stammered. “She has escaped.”
	Jemma and Lord Rasputin flashed each other a look before both stood and made to leave the room.
	“She was too strong... no one else managed to get out alive.”
	As Jemma strode past the unfortunate guard she clicked her fingers and he burst into flames. His cries of pain echoed around the hall for a few moments and as Jemma turned, his charred body dropped to the floor.
	“This is not according to plan,” Lord Rasputin said angrily. “She was supposed to be controlled.”
	“She was Master,” Jemma replied. “Controlled by imbeciles.” Jemma was of course referring to the guards. “I shall see to it that this does not occur a second time.”
	“Yes,” replied Lord Rasputin. “You will, but first you must find her and bring her back here.”
	“She will already have left the planet,” Jemma said.
	“Then you too will leave this planet, and you will not return until you have the werewolf.”
	“Yes Master,” Jemma replied diligently. “I understand.”


Chapter Seven
The Order of the White Witches


	The Marie Celeste sat in a high orbit around Earth whilst her crew deliberated on their next course of action. They knew  they were not where they were supposed to be, that the time machine had malfunctioned and sent them to a completely different time to that which the Reaper was in. And they knew that unless they found a way to repair the time machine, there was a distinct possibility that they would be stuck in whatever time they were in, forever.
	“Our presence is gonna' be detected sooner or later,” Dan said. “We should probably find a secure landing zone and work out exactly what year we have ended up in.”
	“We're assuming of course that we are in the right dimension,” Tristian pointed out. “You know as well as anyone else how easy it is to end up in an alternate reality.”
	“Don't remind me,” replied Dan.
	“It wasn't all bad,” said Jez, slipping out of Dan's dreadlocks and taking a seat on his shoulder.
	“True,” conceded Dan. “But all the same I'd rather stay in our own dimension.”
	“So we goin' down?” Trayn asked.
	“We are,” Dan replied, and after a moment's pause he pointed the Marie Celeste in the right direction, and they headed for the planet's surface.
	They headed for the United Kingdom, more specifically a small island off the west coast of Scotland, and Dan set the cloaked vessel down in a small field that looked like it hadn't been maintained for a good few years.
	“Man, the air's clear,” Trayn remarked as they disembarked the vessel. He took a long, deep breath, allowing his lungs to enjoy the air properly.
	“I noticed a village on our way down,” Tristian said, nodding. “Yonder.”
	“Then I guess we'd better see if we can't find out what year we're in,” replied Dan.
	The four friends set off for the village Tristian had seen. Which ever way they looked, they could see the sea, a feeling that none of them were used to.
	“You'd better stay out of sight,” Dan said, turning to Jez who was still sat upon his shoulder.
	“OK,” said Jez, climbing back up into Dan's dreadlocks.
	They soon came across the village, and it was tiny. It took them a fair while to find anything other than a house, but they eventually came across a pub which they entered. 
	“All right mate?” Dan said to the barman as he approached the bar. The barman didn't reply. Dan glanced around at the pub's interior. The place was full of wooden beams, portraits of various people, but there was a distinct lack of patrons. “We're a little lost, think you could tell us where we are?”
	Again, the barman said nothing.
	“What year is this friend?”
	Dan was getting annoyed with the apparently mute barman, who still had the same blank look on his face. A few moments of this and Dan had had enough.
	“Thanks for all your help,” he said sarcastically. He left the pub lighting a cigarette as he went, ignoring the no-smoking sign.
	“Well?” asked Trayn as Dan made his way over to them. He and Tristian had took a seat atop a picnic table.
	“That guy was fucking useless,” replied Dan. “I say we get ourselves a boat and head for the mainland.”
	“Works for me,” replied Trayn, as he led the way down the hill to the small harbour.
	The harbour was situated as such that it took advantage of a natural bay, and in the centre of said bay there was an island with a small yet very impressive and beautiful castle. Beyond this island lay various other tiny islets and with any luck, the mainland.
	There didn't seem to be anybody around, so Trayn leapt into the first boat he came across. It was only small with an outboard motor strapped onto the back.
	“Think anyone will miss this?” he asked with a grin.
	“Probably,” replied Dan. “But then again we need it, so I find myself not giving a fuck.”
	Dan helped Tristian down into the boat, and as Trayn started the motor at the third or fourth time of asking, she and Dan sat down on the bench that spanned the width of their newly acquired vessel. Trayn directed the boat out into the bay, and after a few minutes they were moving along at a steady pace. Slow, but steady.
	“Well at least at this speed we can look at the beautiful scenery,” Tristian pointed out as the boat skipped over the small swells.
	“That's OK until we get out into open water,” replied Trayn. “Then it's gonna' be a fucking boring ride.” 
	Tristian lowered her hand into the water as the boat moved along. It was icy cold but she didn't mind. The day was warm and the water cooled her. She stared at the castle on the island as the boat slowly approached it, and was sure that she caught something out of the corner of her eye.
	“Did you see that?” she asked, turning to Dan. “I swear I saw something up there,” she nodded her head in the direction of the castle.
	“I didn't see a thing babe,” Dan replied as he lit a cigarette and handed it to Tristian, before lighting another for himself. 
	“I'm sure I did,” Tristian was adamant.
	As she spoke a figure appeared on the island, and although the boat was a little too far out as yet to make out any physical features, it was definitely a person stood upon the shore. As they drew closer they realised that there as in fact four or five people stood, and they were all indicating that the boat should be taken toward the island.

***

	“Thanks for that,” Dan shouted, catching hold of the rope thrown from the shore and tying it around the bench he and Tristian shared. The friends hopped out of the boat and onto dry land.
	“So who the fuck are you guys?” Dan asked looking around at the people gathered before them. Not one amongst them was male, and all were most likely under the age of twenty-one.
	“We are the Order of the White Witches,” one of the women spoke. She was beautiful, well in fact they all were.
	“That sounds fucking ominous,” Trayn whispered under his breath.
	“You must come with us, it is unsafe here.”
	“Give us a minute,” Dan said, holding up his hand and turning to confer with his friends. “OK, no weapons and a group of women who claim to be witches.” He was talking as quietly as he could. “I can't count how many different ways this could go wrong, but I think we should go anyway.”
	“I agree,” replied Tristian. “Besides they may be able to communicate with Trixi for us, let her know what happened.”
	“I'm easy,” said Trayn.
	“Sorry about that ladies,” Dan said as he turned back to face the women. “Please, lead the way.”
	Silently the women turned and headed toward the castle with Dan, Tristian, Trayn and Jez following closely behind. They entered the castle and the huge doors slid silently shut behind them. Without saying a word one of the women walked up to a seemingly uninteresting wall, and tapped it three times. With a sound that can only be described as 'whoosh', an energy field went up, surrounding all those who had just entered the room.
	“Now we can speak freely,” one of the witches said.
	“Thank fuck for that,” said another. “I hate standing on ceremony.” Unable to stop himself, Dan burst out laughing.
	“Apologies for the slight deception, I am Anna.” It was the first witch who spoke. “And you are Dan, Trayn, Tristian and if I'm not mistaken Jezebel is hiding somewhere in your dreadlocks.” Anna had pointed to each in turn, just in case anyone thought she was making a few lucky guesses.
	“I'm impressed,” said Dan, and he genuinely was. “But perhaps you could tell us Anna, what the fuck are we doing here?”
	“It may be wise for you all to take a seat,” suggested Anna. “And I shall begin.”
***

	The Reaper had made it back to the year nine ninety-nine as planned. The vessel had just arrived and taken up a high orbit around Earth when out of nowhere a meteor had hit and sent her plummeting towards the surface.
	The purpose of going back was to pay a visit to Mary Walcott, in the hope that she would be able to break the binding spell and allow the girls to use their powers once more. There was a problem. Mary Walcott could not be found anywhere, apparently no one had ever heard of her.
	This news had left Trixi, Janey, Sara, JD and K trapped in the tenth century. Technology to repair the Reaper would not exist for another one thousand years or so, and without their powers the girls could not help in any way, so they'd had no choice but to stay. K had managed to salvage enough from the Reaper for Trixi to record a short video message and save it to the flash drive in the hope that they would come across some way to get the message to their friends.
	Trixi, Janey and Sara could not access their powers, nor could their children or grand-children. Sara had been the last of the three sisters to pass away. Her granddaughter had just given birth to a little girl and Sara knew she didn't have long left to live but as she cradled her great-granddaughter in her arms she could sense the power that the child would possess. She handed her granddaughter the flash drive that Trixi had recorded almost sixty years earlier with instructions to guard it with her life until her own daughter came of age. Of course not every female in the genetic line had been born a witch, the ratio always sat around the forty – sixty mark. That is how the Order of the White Witches came to be.

***

	“So you are all descendants of either Trixi, Janey or Sara?” Tristian asked, nodding. “I can see slight similarities now, it's unbelievable.”
	“We knew that you were coming back, we just did not know when,” Anna continued. “Yana here sensed your presence as soon as you entered orbit, and we got here as quickly as we could.”
	“What year are we in, out of interest?” Dan asked.
	“Two thousand nine,” replied Anna. “It has always been unknown when exactly you would arrive, just as it has long been a stipulation of our order that each witch have three children to ensure that there is always one.”
	“Is that in case one of you has a boy?” Tristian asked.
	“That day is yet to come,” Yana replied.
	“You mean that not one member of your genetic line has ever had a boy?” asked Dan. “That's incredible.” 
	“You must watch the video,” Anna instructed. “Please follow me,” Anna led the way and as she walked the energy field extended to allow them passage. They entered a room just off the main hall in which they had been standing. In this room was nothing but a laptop computer. “Do you wish to watch this alone?”
	“No it's fine,” Dan replied. “We don't mind you staying.”
	“OK,” replied Anna, taking the laptop out of sleep mode and clicking play. They watched intently. At first there was nothing on the screen, but after a few moments Trixi's image appeared.
	“We are stranded... nine ninety-nine... No sign of Mary Walcott...” Although the flash drive on which the video message had been stored had been well looked after, over the course of a thousand years a certain amount of degradation was inevitable. It was like watching through static. “Don't know how we can get back... Will make sure this message is passed down... reaches you at some... future.”
	“Is that as clean as we can get it?” Dan asked, turning to Anna. 
	“It is,” she replied. “There is a slight problem though, that being that not one of us in the order has anything like the power our ancestors had.”
	“What are you saying?” Dan asked. “You can't get us back to them?”
	“I'm saying that it will be difficult,” Anna replied, picking her words carefully. “Near to impossible if I'm honest.”
	“Anything else we should know?” asked Trayn.
	“Actually, yes,” replied Anna. “It was told that you would not have weapons of any kind, other than those belonging to your ship, and so we have weapons for you.”
	On cue Yana entered the room carrying in her arms a large wooden box. She placed the box on the floor and lifted the lid. Inside were three impeccably made Samurai swords, two Katanas and a Wakizashi, glinting in the thin beam of sunlight that entered the room via the window. A huge smile spread across both Dan's and Trayn's face, and even Tristian didn't look displeased. “I shall see to it that these are placed on board your ship,” Anna said, pleased that those in front of her were more than satisfied with their gifts.

***

	The energy field had now been extended so safe access to all areas of the castle was possible. Tristian rested her head in Dan's lap, both basking in the glorious sunshine.
	“I've been meaning to ask,” Dan said, turning to Anna. “Why the energy field?”
	“For every action there is a reaction, and for every white witch there are five or six witches who practise black magic,” Anna explained. “The majority of society continues unknowing whilst we and others like us protect this world from those who would seek to destroy it, and turn it to darkness.”
	“I see,” replied Dan, shaking his head slowly, knocking his dreadlocks from side to side. “Is there any witch powerful enough to send us a thousand years into the past?”
	“No single witch is that powerful any more, or yet,” Yana said. “Our ancestors, those you know as Trixi, Janey and Sara will in the future have more power than they realise.”
	“By the future, you of course mean back in our time?” Trayn asked. All this talk of past and future was getting confusing.
	“Indeed,” replied Yana.
	“So what would happen if all the white witches combined their power, could you send us back?” Dan paused. “Every second we spend away from our own time, more and more people are dying.”
	“Yes,” Anna replied after a few moments thought. “That might work.”

***

	On board the Marie Celeste Dan sat at the controls. As he had a little time to kill he lit a cigarette and put his feet up on the console. He reached across and pressed play on the small media console that K had installed at some point, and Filter's 'Take A Picture' began to play.
	“Incoming message Sir,” Trayn said from behind Dan. He to had his feet up on the console in front of him.
	“Put it up,” Dan replied, as Trayn did so. Yana's image flashed onto the screen. “Yana, are we prepared?”
	“Almost,” she replied, her face contorted slightly as if she was thinking of the correct way to say what was on her mind. “I have a request,” she said eventually.
	“Ask away,” replied Dan.
	“If we are successful in our attempt to send you back through time, you will rescue your friends,” she paused before continuing. “This has always been the plan, for centuries we have known that this would happen. I would ask though that you pass a message on to Sara, that being that when her great-granddaughter is born, she be taken to the year ten sixty-seven and placed in the care of a couple there. It does not matter which couple, as long as the girl would be their only child. That way there is a chance that our order will still exist.”
	“Of course,” Dan replied. “I shall pass the message on.” He smiled kindly at Yana. He liked her, and knew that she would be a valuable ally to have in their fight against Jemma and Lord Rasputin back home.
	“Thank you,” Yana replied. “We are ready, you must take your ship into orbit.”
	“How will we know that we have gone back?” Dan asked.
	“If you are still here you will have contact with us,” Yana cut the transmission, and Dan took the Marie Celeste up into orbit.

***

	Trayn glanced at Dan who in turn glanced at Tristian, who shook her head.
	“Nothing,” she said, her lips curling into a smile. “I think they did it, I think they managed to get us back there.”
	“Reaper this is the Marie Celeste, please respond,” Dan spoke into the com. There was no response. “Reaper this is the Marie Celeste, please respond,” he repeated, but there was still nothing.
	“They could be here already, down on the surface,” Trayn pointed out. 
	“Running a scan, hold on,” Tristian said. “I have them, it looks like they've been here a while.”
	“How long is a while?” Dan asked.
	“I don't know,” replied Tristian. “But I suggest we go and find out.”

***

	It was four days since Echidna had escaped from Prima, killing several guards as she did so. She'd hijacked a small vessel and left the planet behind her with the intention of returning there once she had amassed an army of werewolves, then she would inflict a cruel and unusual punishment upon her former captors. 	Before she could do this of course she needed to establish a foothold, a base of operations.
	She was currently sat in orbit around Alpha running a scan for life signs. She knew that there was a large human population down there, but she wanted to ensure that there were no demons in residence. Once satisfied that she would be able to go about her business unchallenged Echidna took her vessel down, and landed in the square outside the former presidential building.
	She alighted the vessel and took in her surroundings. There was little evidence of the battle that had taken place a year or so previously, the people of Alpha had done an excellent job in rebuilding the city.
	“Can we help you girl?” Echidna had almost forgotten that she had the body of a fourteen year old girl. She turned to see who had addressed her and saw three guards stood, their weapons half drawn.
	“I'm sorry,” Echidna suppressed her own voice and spoke in that of Secily. “I got separated from my friends.”
	“That's OK,” the same guard addressed her. “When did you last see your friends?” The guards had all holstered their weapons when they realised that the threat from a little girl probably did not warrant the use of a firearm.
	“They were on Prima but we got separated,” Echidna thought to herself that this alternative persona would come in extremely useful. She had a quick look around to make sure that there was no one who would see what she was about to do. “I have something on my ship that doesn't work properly, could you fix it for me?”
	“I'm no mechanic,” replied the guard. “How about you Mickey?” He turned to one of his companions.
	“I've been known to fix a few things in my time,” Mickey replied, rubbing his hands together in the manner of any given DIY enthusiast, in any given Universe. “We'll come and have a look at it for you.”
	The three guards followed Echidna onto her vessel. Once they were on board she closed the cargo bay ramp behind them. 	“Where's this that needs fixing then?” Mickey asked turning to face Echidna. As he did so the werewolf leapt at him, biting his neck. Before either of the two remaining guards had managed to get a shot off, she'd bitten them as well.
	“Now,” Echidna said to herself. “We wait.”

***

	Dan set the Marie Celeste down next to the stricken Reaper. It looked like she had been on the ground for a few weeks, and there was a clear camp set up in the area surrounding her.
	“There's no response at all on the radio,” Tristian said, a worried smile on her face.
	“Then I guess we go out there and look for them,” said Trayn.
	“They'll have seen us come down,” Dan had left the cloak off purposely on their descent. “The best thing would probably be to go out there and wait, even if they didn't see us they're gonna' come back to the camp soon. It's getting dark.” 
	It was almost an hour and a half before Trayn heard JD's raised voice.
	“They're on their way,” he shouted. Dan had been back on board the Marie Celeste to get another packet of cigarettes, and by the time he came outside the camp was full.
	“OK then, what the fuck happened to you?” Trixi shouted. It was not an angry shout though, and she could not help but break into a huge grin.
	“Thought we'd give it a bit of time before we come and rescue you,” Dan winked. “Meteor?” he asked, nodding at the Reaper.
	“How did you know?” asked Trixi.
	“You mean apart from the huge meteor-sized hull breach?”
	“I'll give you that,” Trixi replied.
	“So have you found Mary Walcott?” Dan asked, a knowing smile on his face.
	“No,” Trixi eyed Dan suspiciously. “There's something you're not telling me.”
	Dan smiled, and with a few interruptions from Tristian and Trayn he proceeded to explain to Trixi what had happened.
	“Whoa!” she exclaimed once they were finished. “That's a lot to take in.”
	“I can imagine,” replied Dan. “But the longer we're here, the worse things are gonna' be when we get home.”
	“Yeah... yeah I know,” Trixi paused. “K, do you think you can salvage parts from the time machine on the Reaper to fix up the one on the Marie Celeste? One jump is all we'll need.”
	“I'll see what I can do Ma'am,” K replied, taking JD by the hand.
	“You can help me,” she whispered in his ear as they headed to the Reaper.
	“I guess we're gonna' have to convince Jemma to give us our powers back then,” Trixi said, turning to Dan.
	“By that I assume you mean by holding a gun to her head?” Dan asked.
	“She's my sister, man...” Trixi trailed off.
	“I know,” Dan put his arm around her. “I know.”

***

	K spent days fixing the time machine on board the Marie Celeste. Like Trixi had suggested she had been able to salvage a few key components from the one on board the Reaper but this had made it no less a task. Eventually though she had managed to get it to what she hoped would be a good enough standard to get them back to their own time.
	K walked down the ramp that led out of the cargo bay of the Marie Celeste. She saw her friends carrying out various tasks. Dan was talking quietly to Sara, they appeared to be deep in conversation, Trayn was teaching Tristian how to fight with her newly acquired Samurai sword, and everybody else was in the process of gathering what they could do from the Reaper. Once she was stripped of everything that they could not do without K would overload the Half-Light Drive, simply by crossing a few wires. This would give them around seven minutes to make their escape in the Marie Celeste, and then the Reaper would explode leaving no trace of them being here at all.
	Within a few hours everything was ready, all that was left to do was for K to overload the Half-Light Drive on board the Reaper.
	“We'll wait for you on board,” Trixi said, her hand on K's shoulder. “Do you need anything?”
	“No,” replied K. “I'll be OK, and quicker on my own.”
	“Hurry,” Trixi shouted as K ran off towards the Reaper, and everyone else piled on board the Marie Celeste.
	She arrived in the engine room and K set straight to work. First she removed the drive plate from the Half-Light Drive so she could access the wires that lay underneath. She picked up a pair of pliers and dove straight in, ensuring that every wire was crossed by another. She wanted to be sure that the explosion would be large enough to completely obliterate everything. If there was even the smallest trace of technology such as this left in the tenth century, the results could be astronomically bad.
	When she was satisfied that she could do no more K ran back to the Marie Celeste. As she made her way up the cargo bay ramp she hit the button to close the door on her way past.
	“I'm in,” she shouted into com. “I suggest getting out of here as quick as we can.”
	“No worries,” Dan replied. “Head down to the engine room for me, make sure everything runs smoothly down there.”
	“On my way,” K replied, and she cut the transmission.
	“Take us up JD.”
	“Yes Sir,” JD replied, quite pleased that Dan was allowing him to pilot his beloved ship. He, like the rest of his friends who'd been stranded when the Reaper had crash landed, had honestly not expected to be rescued. When the Marie Celeste hadn't been in orbit upon their arrival, they'd of course been more than a little concerned, but when the meteor had hit and sent them crashing down on the planet, and then when they had been unable to find Mary Walcott, they had all but given up hope.
	Under JD's careful guidance the Marie Celeste exited the atmosphere and settled into a high orbit.
	“Now, we wait,” Trixi turned to Dan and they waited. 	When the explosion happened it was an incredible sight. As the friends watched there were several blinding flashes of light. These flashes began to subside and then they saw the shock wave, so powerful that it was even felt on board the Marie Celeste.
	“Run a scan,” said Dan, turning to Tristian. “Make sure that there's no evidence of our technology left down there.”
	“Yes Sir,” Tristian replied. She punched a few buttons and waited for the results to show on her screen. “We're all clear,” she smiled.
	“Then let's get the fuck outta' here,” Dan shouted excitedly.
	“Amen to that brother,” replied Trayn, joining in the celebrations.
	“Are we set K?” Dan asked into the com.
	“We are a go,” K replied. Dan leaned across JD, pushed a button on his console and within seconds Metallica's 'For Whom The Bell Tolls' could be heard through the ship's speakers, every single crew member nodding their heads in time with the music, some more vigorously than others.

***

	The Marie Celeste was in a low orbit around Prima. JD had engaged the cloak as soon as they had arrived. Scans indicated that there was no sign of vampire or werewolf life down on the planet, although they could of course not be sure whether or not Jemma was still down there.
	“What do you think?” Dan asked Trixi.
	“I'm not sure,” she replied. “It's strange though, I can't help but think we need to go down there.”
	“There is something a little unusual,” said Tristian as she looked at her scanner. “Two Rivers isn't there, I'm reading life signs but I can't find anything bigger than a village.”
	“Well,” Dan said. “That's new.”

***

	After much more deliberation it was finally decided that they should go down to the planet, and soon the Marie Celeste was sat in what used to be the centre of Two Rivers. Her crew had alighted and were milling around, none of them really knowing what to do.
	“I know this question has been asked many times before, but are we sure we are in the right dimension?” JD asked as he held K close to him. “'Cos whether we like it or not, this is definitely not the Prima we all know and love.”
	“You are correct, this is not the same world you left.” They all turned at once to see the intruder who had apparently appeared out of nowhere.
	Dan stared at the girl. There was something very familiar about her. She was beautiful, with a touch of the Orient about her. 	She seemed to notice Dan looking at her. “Yes Dan, you are right.”
	“Excuse me?” Dan asked, a little shocked. “Who are you?”
	“In time,” the girl replied. “But please, it is not safe here.”
	“Where would you have us go?” asked Trixi.
	“That,” the girl paused for effect. “Would be telling.” She closed her eyes, and when she was sure that all were watching she opened them once more. The landscape around began to change, and it soon became clear that a building was for all intents and purposes, evolving around them.
	“What the fuck?” Trayn asked, voicing everyone else's shock and surprise. The girl did not respond for a few moments, instead she closed her eyes and stood, swaying back and forth before opening her eyes again.
	“I am sure you have many questions,” she said. “However they can all be answered by Sara telling the rest of you what Dan asked her to do.”
	“I'm confused,” said Dan, and indeed his face was a picture of confusion.
	“You're not the only one baby,” Tristian said with a half smile on her face.
	“What did he ask you?” asked Trixi.
	“He said that the Order of the White Witches had asked that my great-granddaughter be taken back to ten sixty-seven, so that the order may still exist once we had been rescued and history had essentially been reset,” Sara responded.
	“But that means that an order of witches that only existed because we became stranded in the tenth century...” Trixi paused as it dawned on her exactly what had happened. “We've changed the past.”
	“Not only that,” the girl spoke. “You have also changed the future, for the better in many respects.”
	“But wait,” said Sara. “Even if this is true I am yet to take my great-granddaughter back.”
	“That is not the point,” said the girl. “The point is that you will, therefore the Order of the White Witches continues its existence.”
	“So you are...” Dan began.
	“A direct descendant of Yana,” the girl interrupted. “I too, am called Yana.”
	“So what is this place?” Trixi asked as she looked around.
	“This is the Centre of Magic,” Yana replied. “All are welcome here so long as they are pure of spirit. There are many white witches in residence, but there are also those here who posses no power, for example we have a team of scientists, and of course there are those of you who have no power.”
	“You mean we live here?” asked Dan, attempting to take all of this information in.
	“Not only do you live here,” Yana replied. “You and Trayn are warriors, and have trained many of our current operatives, and JD is a pilot in our fleet.”
	“There is something I don't understand,” Trixi said after a moment. “How did you know that we would have no idea where we were, about this place, or indeed who you were?”
	“There is nothing that the Order of the White Witches does not know,” replied Yana. “As the head of our order, you will soon know this.”
	“You have the capability to break the spell that binds our powers?” Janey asked, smiling.
	“Yes we do,” replied Yana. “And a whole lot more besides.”
	Yana turned as the room began to fill up with members of the Order. The newcomers were introduced to each and every one of them individually.
	Eventually introductions were over and business could be resumed. Trixi, Janey and Sara followed Yana down a maze of corridors until they reached a small yet comfortable room. Large, welcoming sofas lined each wall and in the centre of the room was a rug with pile so deep one could swim through it.
	Yana indicated that the girls should make themselves comfortable on the rug, which they did. It was as soft and luscious as it looked. Yana sat on the rug behind Trixi and two other witches, who had been introduced as Maya and Fi, sat behind Janey and Sara. The girls were instructed to close their eyes, empty their minds, and relax. To let the light fill them once more.

***

	Dan and Trayn had been assigned a civilian. She was part of the unit that was the closest thing to military resident at the Centre of Magic. Her name was Alice, and she wore jeans so baggy they sat halfway down her buttocks. Dan and Trayn couldn't help but notice the fact that she was also wearing a black lacy thong that they could not stop looking at.
	When they managed to raise their eyes higher they noticed that she also wore a retro Metallica shirt which was at least two sizes two small for her which did nothing but accentuate her ample breasts. Alice had been introduced to Dan and Trayn as their protégé, they had taught her everything she knew and by all accounts, she knew a lot. After much walking down corridors so similar getting lost would be a certainty, Alice led the two men into a large room and stopped.
	“Here we are,” she said, her voice smooth and level. “The armoury. Now I know that you boys will feel well at home here.”
	“I guess she really does know us well,” said Trayn, chuckling.
	“So what's your weapon of choice?” Dan asked, turning back to Alice.
	“I like a sword,” Alice replied without having to think about it. “There's something clean about a hard, sharp blade.”
	“I like the sound of that,” Trayn whispered quietly to himself.
	“But there is nothing quite like the feeling of the power you get running through your veins when you're holding a big... fucking... gun...” Alice's eyes glazed over as she spoke, and Dan was sure he could make a out a little drool in the corner of her mouth, but he thought it best not to mention this.
	“My kinda' girl,” he said. “My kinda' girl.”
	“Not interrupting anything am I?” Dan turned to see Tristian leaning against the doorway. He could see that she had been back to the Marie Celeste and collected the Samurai swords given to them in two thousand nine.
	“Not at all baby,” Dan replied, smiling at his lover. “Alice here was just showing us the armoury.”
	“So I see,” Tristian replied. “The thing is see, I am apparently part of your unit.”
	“Yes you are,” said Alice. “What took you so long getting down here?”
	“I got caught up talking with one of the other girls is all,” replied Tristian, eyeing Alice suspiciously. “What do you say to a little spar?”
	“I could use the work-out,” Alice replied. “Weapon?” As she said this Tristian placed Dan's and Trayn's sword carefully on the floor, and drew her own. Alice smiled at this, and walked over to a wall on the far side of the room. Many weapons were hung there, including Alice's own sword. Dan and Trayn stepped over to the side of the room so as to keep out of the way, and readied themselves to watch what would undoubtedly be, the chick fight to end all chick fights.
	The two women squared off against one another, matching each other blow for blow. The sound of two perfectly weighted swords coming into contact with each other echoed around the room. They were both holding back, this much was evident but Dan and Trayn were enjoying themselves nonetheless. 
	Alice leapt over Tristian and swung at her from above as she twisted in mid air. Tristian parried the thrust, then pulled the same manoeuvre. She leapt over her opponent in a graceful arc, twisted on her way around and swung at Alice as she landed. No matter what they tried, the other would counter the move. They were at it for almost a full hour, before Trixi came through on the com.
	“Dan we got some action,” her voice rang out. “We need all four of you here now.”
	“Sorry to break it up girls,” Dan shouted over the clanging of blades. “We're needed.” Tristian and Alice stopped, and stood eyeing each other for a moment or two before neither of them could hold it back any longer, and they broke out into fits of laughter.


***
	
	Echidna looked out on the army of werewolves that had amassed in front of her, and it was sight pleasing to her eyes. Her army was already over a thousand strong and growing by the day. Soon she would have enough strength in numbers to launch an attack on the Centre of Magic, but first she had Lord Rasputin to deal with. She was fighting a war on two fronts against witches and vampires who in turn were fighting each other. The Galaxy was in chaos, with no one species able to gain significant control, everything was still to play for.
	She was expecting Jemma, Lord Rasputin's puppet, to find her here. Then again she was not exactly hiding, in fact she wanted to be found. Echidna wanted to test her new army against a significant threat and besides, Jemma would bring with her a vast army of humans and vampires and if everything went to plan, Echidna intended to turn most of the humans and keep the vampires for food. It was a good plan, and it pleased her to think that she would soon be one step closer to ruling the Galaxy her father had failed to gain control of.

***

	On board her flagship, Jemma was a little over a day from reaching Alpha. There was dissent in the ranks. It seemed that vampires and humans did not get along in close quarters and Jemma was not happy.
	“You will all do as I say,” she bellowed. “I need every single one of you fighting fit, do you understand me?” General mumbles that signified understanding rippled around the crowd. 	“I expect to be fighting an army of werewolves as soon as we disembark our ships, and I do not want to be in the situation where we find ourselves outnumbered,” she paused, breathing heavily. “Now, play nice.”

***

	“What is it?” asked Dan as he, Tristian, Trayn and Alice arrived in the Centre of Magic's control room. “What's the emergency?”
	“Jemma is en route to Alpha with a small fleet,” Trixi explained. “Secily is there, and has amassed a small army of werewolves.”
	“She ain't Secily any more,” said Trayn bluntly. “As far as I'm concerned Secily died the second Cerberus bit her.”
	“I know,” replied Trixi, kindly. “The demon has taken full control over her, she is now Echidna, daughter of Cerberus.”
	“How do you know this?” Tristian asked.
	“I have been told,” replied Trixi. “But also, watch this.”
	Her friends watched and as they did so Trixi's appearance changed before their eyes. Her hair turned bright red, her eyes green and instead of the jeans and combat jacket she had been wearing, she was now dressed in a long colourful robe, similar to that of other members of the Order of the White Witches. Trixi looked down at herself and smiled. “Now I know this attire isn't any good in a combat situation, but it is comfortable as fuck.”
	“You got your powers back then I see,” said Dan. “Good to have you back Ma'am.”
	“It's nice to be back,” replied Trixi. “Now go, just the four of you. Take the Marie Celeste and watch, make sure that neither side gains a significant advantage. Other than that, do not get yourselves involved.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” Dan smiled, and led his small team outside to where the Marie Celeste still sat.

***

	Lord Rasputin paced his huge office. He was getting impatient and although it was a feeling to which he was accustomed, it is not one that he relished. Jemma had left the base on Sygom, a moon orbiting a small unnamed planet in the outer ring, over three days ago. He did not fear for her safety as he did not have the capacity to care, but Jemma was his best hope of quashing any other threats to his leadership of the Galaxy without getting his own hands dirty. As a rule he did not like to get stuck in, but would not hesitate if the need arose.
	In his mind the most significant threat came from Echidna and her army of werewolves. He could deal with humans, those possessing supernatural powers and those without because there was always that nagging element of humanity that made them think twice before they did something and it was that split second that Lord Rasputin played upon. But with werewolves it was different. In many ways they were similar to vampires, their blood lust and their superior strength for example, but there were also differences. In a one-on-one fight, he would not like to put money down on either side because whilst a vampire may have been sly and cunning, a werewolf had the capacity to be the most vicious creature one would likely come across.

***

	Dan cloaked the Marie Celeste as soon as the Half-Light Drive disengaged, and the vessel sat invisibly in a low orbit around Alpha. The scanners showed a huge amount of activity in the surface of the planet, but it appeared to be purely werewolf activity. Jemma was yet to arrive.
	“You know that when Jemma gets here she'll probably be able to tell that we're here?” Tristian said, turning to Dan.
	“I know,” he replied. “But I'm counting on the fact that she'll be so preoccupied that she'll overlook it.”
	“Well she won't see us as a threat,” said Alice. “As far as she's concerned she's all powerful, and what could one little ship possibly do?”
	“I dunno why we don't just nuke the planet,” Trayn put in as he sat polishing his blade.
	“If there weren't so many civilians down there I'd agree with you man,” Dan smiled. “It'd be a hell of a lot easier though, then we could take out Jemma when she arrives and go home happy.”
	“Trixi wouldn't be happy with us if we did that,” said Tristian. “She still wants to try and get through to Jemma.”
	“Well I know I'm not alone in thinking that Jemma is too far gone for that,” Dan said, as Jemma's fleet dropped out of hyper-space not far from The Marie Celeste's orbit. “Looks like this is about to get interesting.”
	“Shield engaged,” said Trayn, before joining the other members of the crew in gathering around the large console that sat centrally on the bridge. From here they were able to watch events as they unfolded.
	At first Echidna did not appear to notice Jemma's arrival, but after a few moments the latter launched a wave of fighters which screamed down to the surface. A stream of anti-aircraft fire from Alpha stopped the majority of these fighters although a few did make it through. Echidna ordered her own fighters to take to the skies, instructing them to take out the flagship. The sky above Alpha was soon ablaze as both sides sought to gain control. They were however evenly matched in numbers and technologically. Neither side had a clear advantage.
	“There's a coded message going from the flagship to the surface,” Tristian said as she turned to her own console. 
	“What does it say?” asked Dan. 
	“I'm not sure,” replied Tristian. “Give me a few minutes.” As she spoke several of Jemma's fighters broke off from the main battle and had another run at the surface. They managed to disable the planet's main defensive weapons, those being the anti-aircraft guns before two of Echidna's fleet caught up with them. They were blown out of the sky whilst making a dash for the safety of their fleet.
	“They're making a deal,” Tristian shouted. “Jemma and Echidna are joining forces, and together they're going to attack the Centre of Magic.” As Tristian spoke, the fighting stopped as word of the deal made between the armies two leaders made its way around.
	“We'd best get back,” said Dan as he turned to his console.
	“And do what?” asked Alice. “We don't have the resources to fight off such a large fleet, and you can guarantee by the time they reach Prima they'll be twice as big if not more.”
	“She's right,” said Tristian. “The magical shield will hold indefinitely, but sooner or later we're gonna' have to fight.”
	“I don't fancy our chances with only one ship,” replied Dan. “Any ideas?”
	“Only one I can think of,” replied Trayn.
***

	There was a knock on the door, and Trixi looked up as it opened. She did not recognise the man stood there, but he clearly had news for her.
	“Sorry to bother you Ma'am,” he spoke.
	“It's all right,” Trixi replied. “What can I do for you?”
	“We have just received an urgent message from the Marie Celeste.”
	“Well spit it out man,” said Trixi. She knew that she was head of the Order of the White Witches, but was getting quite irritated with the way that made other people feel about her. “Less of the pussy-footing.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” the man replied. “Dan said I am to relay this to you exactly as he told me.”
	“This should be interesting then,” Trixi laughed a little. “What does he have to say?”
	“We're in a lot of fucking trouble, there's a big ass fleet en route to Prima,” the man cleared his throat. “We're gonna' get some help, cos on our own we're up shit creek.”
	“I see,” Trixi said after a moment, just in case there had been any more to the message. “Did he not say where they were going?”
	“No Ma'am,” the man replied, glad to have gotten the difficult part out of the way. “What I've told you is exactly what he said.”
	“Thank you,” Trixi replied. “Now be a dear and send my sisters in would you?”
	“Yes Ma'am.”
	“Yana as well,” Trixi added.
	“Yes Ma'am,” He turned and left, and within minutes Trixi was joined by Janey, Sara and Yana.
	“You've all heard the news I assume?” Trixi asked once everyone was settled.
	“Yes,” Yana spoke first. “But I don't understand why Dan has made the decision to run off and seek help.”
	“Because whilst defensively our position here is second to none, other than the Marie Celeste we have no attacking options,” Trixi explained. “The shield will hold out forever, but we would be trapped here.”
	“And besides,” Sara said. “It won't take Jemma long to find a way in here, and we can't afford to let that happen.”
	“She wouldn't stand a chance,” said Yana. “As soon as she set foot in here she would be vanquished.”
	“Forgive me if I'm wrong, Yana,” Trixi began. “But as white witches our only real power lies in our defence, of course we could each and every one of us reach deep down inside ourselves and tap into the darkness, but it is not worth risking, the chances of not coming back from that are far too great.”
	“You would have us overrun, rather than turn to the darkness?” asked Yana.
	“Wouldn't you?” Trixi asked, shocked at Yana's response. “I've seen the effect darkness has on a witch up close, and let me tell you Yana it is not something that I am prepared to let anyone go through, whether they want to or not,” Trixi paused, before finishing. “Do you understand me?”
	“Of course,” said Yana. “My apologies Ma'am, I'm not sure what I was thinking.” She looked at Trixi, who appeared happy with her apology.
	“Will the shield hold?” asked Janey. “I mean, we know how powerful Jemma is.”
	“It'll hold for long enough,” replied Trixi.
	“I have a question,” said Yana. “Who is there that Dan feels he can turn to for help? I mean, all allies we have are present on Prima.”
	“Not all of them,” replied Trixi, smiling as she spoke. “Not all of them.”

***

	The Marie Celeste arrived in the Free System and settled into an orbit around the central planet. Dan hoped that One would be able to help, he had not seen evidence of any sort of military presence in their previous visits here, but as they had no other allies this was the only option.
	“Welcome friends,” One's voice came over the com. “To what do we owe this pleasure?”
	“We're looking for a bit of help,” replied Dan. “Are we OK to come down?”
	“Of course,” One replied. “You are always welcome here.”
	“What help can I offer?” asked One. The Marie Celeste had docked and he'd been there to meet them. As it was a beautiful evening One had suggested that rather than the usual conference room, they should take a walk out in the open air.
	“Military aid,” replied Dan, and went on to explain to One their current situation. One listened with great interest as Dan told how the time line had been altered, and explained about the Centre of Magic.
	“I see,” said One after Dan had finished his explanation. “I am not sure how we can help. The last war we ourselves were involved in took place over two hundred years ago. We do not have an active military so to speak, and we certainly do not have a fleet of 'battle ready vessels', as you put it.”
	“Well it was worth a shot,” replied Dan, forlornly.
	“If I may be so bold as to offer tactical advice though,” One said thoughtfully. “Stay here overnight and return to your home in the morning. You should then arrive just as your enemies do, and once cloaked you will be able to inflict significant damage upon their fleet.”
	“It's our only other option,” replied Dan. 
	“If we do that, it'll be the last thing we ever do,” said Trayn. “We'll be going out fighting, and all that other bullshit.”
	“We can't leave all our friends on Prima though,” said Tristian. “I can't see that we have any other choice.”

***

	As soon as the fleet dropped out of hyper-space they began to fire. From underneath the safety of the magical shield the residents of the Centre of Magic looked on helplessly.
	“They must realise that weapons fire is not going to have any effect, mustn't they?” asked Sara as she and Trixi looked on.
	“We're being tested,” Trixi replied. “This is only the beginning.”
***

	Still, the skies above Prima were filled with both Jemma's and Echidna's respective fleets. Alone they were each powerful but with their forces combined they were nigh unbeatable. Weapons fire rained down on the shield that protected the Centre of Magic, and whilst it had no effect on the shield itself it had everyone on the ground so preoccupied they did not notice when a small landing craft set down a mile or so away. Nor did anyone notice when two figures made their way slowly but surely towards their position, and for a brief moment forged a temporary doorway through the shield.
	Jemma led Echidna into the Centre of Magic. They of course did not walk straight through the front door, instead they accessed the building via a side door. There they met Yana.
	“This way,” Yana said, quietly. She beckoned for the witch and the werewolf to follow her.
	“How far is it?” Echidna growled quietly.
	“Not far,” whispered Yana. “Everything is set up in one of the labs."
	“You are sure that this will work?” asked Jemma, as she and Echidna were led down corridor after corridor.
	“I am assured that it will,” replied Yana.
	“It had better,” said Echidna. “I would hate to think that we have put our faith in the wrong person.”
	“You have not,” Yana replied, a little offended that her judgement and loyalty were being questioned.

***

	As he sat, an awful feeling came over Lord Rasputin. He could not say for sure what it was, but he could not shake the feeling that every single one of his delicately laid plans were about to become redundant.

***

	As Dan and Tristian reached the Marie Celeste, they realised that both Trayn and Alice had beaten them to it. Dan took a seat and turned to his small crew.
	“We're probably not gonna' survive for long once we get back, so if any of you don't wanna' be a part of this I'll understand,” he paused, but there was no response from anyone. “One has said that anyone of us who don't wanna' go is more than welcome to stay here in the Free System.” 
	“Man you know that we're not gonna' pull outta' this,” said Trayn with a smile. “So let's get the fuck on with it.”
	“Just making sure that no one can say they weren't given an option is all,” replied Dan.
	“It's fine baby,” said Tristian, kindly. “We know what we're getting into.”
	“If we weren't willing to go through with it, then I doubt we'd be here now,” said Alice. “But I think we're ready.”
	“You are clear for take-off,” One said over the com. “Good luck my friends.”
	“Thank you, One,” Dan replied, as the Marie Celeste lifted off. “Engaging Half-Light.”

***

	Echidna stared at the huge machine that lay in front of her. There were wires and computer screens all over the place.
	“Is this it?” she asked. “Is this what we have risked everything for?”
	“Looks aren't everything,” replied Yana.
	“It isn't ready.” The three women turned to see who had interrupted them. A man stood there. He wore glasses, and was quite thick set. “We haven't anywhere near enough power to start it up.”
	“That is why I am here,” said Jemma, stepping forwards. “It is you that has modified this machine?”
	“Yes,” the thick set man replied. He looked nervous, and this pleased Jemma greatly. “It will do what you need it to do if you can meet its power requirements,” he paused, and looked as though he was going to ask a question.
	“You want to ask if we really do intend to reverse time, don't you?” she asked, smiling. The man nodded cautiously. “I assure you.”
	Jemma sidled up to the man and placed her mouth directly next to his ear.
	“We do,” she whispered. “And this shall be irreversible. Only we three shall be immune, now run along like a good boy.”
	The man looked around for a few seconds, apparently making sure that he was not leaving anything behind. Then as it dawned on him that it really would make no difference, he turned and ran out of the room.
	“Do you want the honours, or shall I flick the switch?” Yana asked, smiling at Jemma.
	“I shall flick the switch,” Echidna growled deeply. “The both of you are required to ensure that we do not cease to exist, and arrive exactly where we should do.”
	“Of course,” Yana conceded, not wanting to get on the werewolf's bad side. She stepped back allowing Echidna space by the console. “Now if you will give us a couple of minutes, we will be ready.”
	Echidna waited impatiently for the two witches to make their final preparations, and eventually they were ready.
	“Now?” Echidna asked.
	“Yes,” replied Jemma. “Now.”
	Echidna flicked the switch and in that instant, everything else ceased to exist. No one even noticed, but then again why would they. In that split second they had never been, and quite possibly never would be.

***

	The Half-Light Drive disengaged and the Marie Celeste flashed back into existence. Tristian stared at the scanners for a few moments before she said anything.
	“I think something's gone wrong,” she said eventually.
	“Something like what?” asked Dan, slightly worried.
	“Well for starters we're not in orbit around Prima as we should be,” Tristian replied.
	“What else?” asked Trayn.
	“We're orbiting Earth,” she replied. “Back in two thousand nine again.”
	“How?” Alice asked, as confused as everyone else.
	“I... I don't know,” Tristian stammered. “Everything is registering as normal, and we haven't jumped into another dimension.”
	“You don't think..?” Dan cut himself short.
	“What?” asked Trayn. “What were you gonna' say?”
	“It's just... you don't think that the time line has been altered, do you?”


Chapter Eight
Abandon All Hope, Ye Motherfuckers


	Anna pulled up a stool at the bar and ordered herself a drink, she wanted to take her mind off the events of the last few days and the way she saw it this was the most effective way to do that.
	Things had started to go wrong three days prior. She and other members of the Order of the White Witches had been on assignment in Tokyo. There had been reports of demons walking the streets at night and they had gone to investigate. The reports had turned out to be a hoax, but she had picked up on something else, something that by rights should not have been possible. She'd not said anything to anyone else. She'd thought it best not to cause unnecessary alarm and  as it appeared  no one else in the Order had noticed anything, she wanted to be sure that it was not just her.
	Anna's fears were realised when she and her team arrived back at their base at Castlebay, Scotland to find some unexpected visitors.

***

	“So I did not imagine it,” Anna said. “It was you.”
	“It's wonderful to see you as well sister,” replied Jemma. “Allow me to introduce you to a new friend of mine, this is Echidna.” 
	“Daughter of Cerberus I presume?” Anna did not wait for an answer. “It was my understanding that you had been banished from the mortal plane.”
	“Things change,” growled Echidna, baring her teeth as she smiled.
	“Is that why you are here?” Anna asked, her face a picture of fear. She had power and knew that she could handle herself, but she knew of Jemma's power, and she knew that as the daughter of Cerberus, Echidna was certainly a force to be reckoned with. “To change things?”
	“The Order is now under my control,” said Jemma, eyeing Anna carefully. “You will follow  my command, or you will leave immediately.”
	“You will not see me killed?” Anna was surprised.
	“Call it a one time only deal,” Jemma replied. “You have five minutes to leave, after that the next time I lay my eyes on you, you will not survive.” Echidna growled deeply, showing her support for Jemma's decision.
	She'd gathered a few essentials and left, surprised that Jemma had kept her word. Anna had headed south. Leaving Scotland behind she'd made her way to England. She did not have many friends outside of the Order, but she did have a contact in Nottingham, and she was currently waiting at their agreed meeting point.
	Anna had been sat in the pub for well over an hour now, and her contact was late. It was getting on for nine in the evening and the pub was beginning to get much busier. There was a band due to take to the stage upstairs within the next hour, and had she not been scanning the room she would not have noticed three familiar faces sat around a small round table next to the jukebox. She tried for several minutes to catch the barman's attention before finally she was successful.
	“Five shot glasses and a bottle of Absolut.” She had to shout over the rising din but this clearly was not the barman's first night on the job, and in return for her swiftly delivered order she handed him a twenty pound note. “Keep the change,” she said, and made her way over to the table. Her eyes met Trayn's first, and he nudged Dan.
	“Anna?” Dan asked, smiling as he turned around. “Wasn't expecting to see you here.”
	“Likewise believe me,” Anna replied, relieved that she had been recognised. She set the bottle and glasses in the centre of the table. “What are you doing here?”
	“Where do we begin?” Tristian said as Alice returned from the bathroom. “This is Alice.” Anna shook Alice by the hand.
	“We weren't sure where the time line had been changed, well to be honest we weren't even sure that's what had happened,” Dan explained.
	“It has,” replied Anna. “Which makes me wonder how you are here.”
	“We must have had our drive engaged at the exact moment things were changed,” replied Dan. “So we essentially didn't exist for a few seconds.”
	“That should do the trick,” said Anna.
	“What brings you so far south?” asked Trayn.
	“Jemma has taken over leadership of the Order,” replied Anna. “She and Echidna gave me a free pass.”
	“That can't be good.” Alice poured out five shots, which were downed instantly.
	“No,” said Anna, wiping the excess vodka from her lips with the back of her hand. “With her in control the power the Order possesses will be increased tenfold.”
	“What can we do?” asked Dan. “We're a little out of our league here, stuck in a technologically inferior time and not even able to have our weapons on show.”
	“There are ways around that,” replied Anna, smiling. “Now we should leave, I was supposed to be meeting a contact here almost two hours ago and she has not arrived.”
	“She might just be running late,” said Tristian hopefully.
	“No, I fear she has been compromised,” replied Anna. “Which does not bode well for us, as our location may well have been given away. This area is a hotbed for both mystical and magical shit though, so I suppose we are as safe here as anywhere.”
	Anna led the way out of the pub and out into the cold night air. She'd rented a flat a few miles away, and it took them almost two hours to reach it. 
	“It's gonna' fucking rain,” said Dan as he looked up at the sky and sniffed the air. He reached into the pocket of his long coat and pulled out a packet of cigarettes, offering them around.
	“What happened to Trixi?” Anna had been wanting to ask the question for a while.
	“We don't know,” replied Dan. “She was on Prima when the time line was changed, I doubt she and her sisters survived.” He took a long drag on his cigarette before continuing. “But then again we've had stranger things happen.”

***

	Dan awoke in a cold sweat and instinctively reached for his cigarettes. Anna had put Dan on the floor in the living room of her flat with Tristian, so as quietly as he could he pushed himself up with his elbows and walked through to the small kitchen.
	He ran the cold tap until it actually flowed cold and then poured himself a glass of water. He had been dreaming, the same dream he had dreamt the previous two nights. He looked up at the clock on the wall. Five am. He poured himself a coffee from the pot. It tasted foul but it certainly woke him up. He opened the window and lit another cigarette as he looked out onto the quiet street, the rain had not yet stopped falling He felt a pair of arms reach around him and hold the front of his shoulders.
	“We'll get them back,” Tristian whispered in his ear.
	“No,” Dan replied. “I don't think we will.”
	“We can't get back without them.”
	“I know,” Dan paused. He couldn't believe what he was about to say. “I don't think we'll get back at all.”
	The words didn't feel right as he said them, but he knew they were true. He felt Tristian rest her head on his back, and she mumbled something that he couldn't quite hear.
	“Not interrupting am I?” Anna asked as she entered the kitchen.
	“No,” Tristian turned, smiling. “We were just planning our next move.”
	“Any luck with that?” Anna asked as she poured herself a mug of the rancid coffee.
	“No,” replied Dan. “But I think that we need to come to terms with the fact that we may be here for a while.”
	Anna nodded but said nothing. Instead she picked up the television remote and pressed the 'on' button. The small flat screen in the corner flickered into life.
	“...mutilated woman's body was found this morning inside the lift at the Wheeler Gate car-park,” the news reader was saying. “Some viewers may be offended by the following images.”
	The picture then changed to scenes in and around the car-park in question, showing the blood stained lift, and a leg that looked as though it had been bitten off just above the knee. The picture then went back to the news reader.
	“Police are calling this 'an incredibly vicious attack', and are appealing to anyone who was in the Lace Market area of Nottingham between the hours of eleven and four to come forward, as they may have seen something.”
	“Where is that?” Dan asked as he lit a cigarette.
	“About two minutes walk from where we were last night,” replied Anna.
	“It looks to me like we got ourselves a little werewolf action,” Dan couldn't help but smile as he spoke. “Who says there's no place like home?”
	He winked at the girls in the kitchen before going through to the hallway where Trayn was curled up, still fast asleep on the floor. Dan kicked him gently.
	“I was awake,” Trayn mumbled quietly. “What the fuck?”
	“Werewolf mate,” Dan said, throwing on his coat and hiding his sword in its depths. Trayn slowly got to his feet and followed suit, gratefully accepting the mug of coffee Anna handed him.
	“Don't do anything stupid,” Anna said. “Remember things work differently in this time.”
	“We're just gonna' look is all,” Dan replied. “If it makes you happy we won't even talk to anyone.” He and Trayn turned and left, the girls watched them go.
	“You know if we're gonna' be around for a while, we're gonna' have to find somewhere a little more permanent,” Tristian turned to Anna as she spoke. “We can't crash on your floor forever.”
	“Well I have a little money,” replied Anna. “What did you have in mind?”
	“I don't want your money,” Tristian replied. “And anyway Dan won't take it. You say the area round here is a magical hotspot?”
	“Not just magic,” replied Anna. “Demons, vampires, werewolves, zombies, warlocks...”
	“So pretty much everything evil then?” Tristian laughed. “Who fights them?”
	“Before Jemma came along, it was the Order and others like us,” Anna paused. “But with Jemma in control, there are a few hunters but nothing more. We're lucky really, the forces of Darkness like to keep to themselves and generally only surface when they need to feed. Most people go all their lives thinking that things that go bump in the night only exist in the television.”
	“We're gonna' have to take up the fight,” Tristian said, smiling.
	“If we are to do any good at all we need resources,” Anna replied. “We need funding, manpower, a place to call home.”
	“Surely there are many people who would fight with us?” asked Tristian.
	“Possibly,” replied Anna. “But our biggest problem will be the funding.”
	“How would we go about it?”
	“I have no idea,” replied Anna. “I suppose that if we could somehow convince a member of local government that demons and the like exist, we may be able to get it that way,” She laughed loudly. “But then again it's pretty unlikely.”
	“We don't know how things work here,” said Tristian, smiling as Anna still laughed. “If we can work out exactly what we need, you're gonna' have to work out how to get it for us.”

***

	Dan had followed Trayn and the two had ran the six miles back into town. They had made their way to the roof of the building opposite the car-park where the previous night's attack had taken place.
	“Gonna' be a bastard to track,” said Trayn as he scanned the surrounding rooftops. “You can get for miles around here without your feet touching the floor.”
	“You think that's how it'd have got over there?” Dan asked. He left things like this to Trayn, who was the better tracker by far.
	“Probably,” Trayn replied. “But we can't get close enough  to the scene to make sure.” 
	“Wait here,” said Dan. He jumped down onto the fire escape at the back of the building and clambered down. As he ran across the street towards the car-park he realised he was in luck. There was only one police officer standing guard at the car-park entrance, and whilst she wasn't beautiful in the traditional sense of the word, there was certainly something about her.
	“I'm sorry Sir,” she spoke as Dan approached. “This area is a crime scene and off limits.”
	“But I left my car in there last night,” Dan lied very convincingly. “Can't you just let me run in and get it?”
	He smiled the sly smile that he used when he was trying to worm his way around Tristian.
	“I'm already late, my sister is in hospital and I really should go and see her, and my car is only three floors up,” He watched as a range of emotions flowed over the officers face, before finally she came to a decision.
	“Use the stairs and go straight to your car,” she said quietly, not wanting to be heard by anyone else. She pulled a notebook from her pocket and scribbled something down. She ripped out the piece of paper and folded it, handing it to Dan. “Be quick,” she smiled. “And I do hope that your sister is OK.”
	“Thank you,” Dan smiled, and putting the folded piece of paper in his pocket he ran for the stairs. He knew he had to be quick, so he practically leapt up four flights of stairs until he reached the lift where the attack had taken place. It was cordoned off with blue and white tape.
	He scanned the scene, the door had been left open which made things easier. When he was sure he had everything he needed, he ran up the remaining stairs and out onto the roof. Behind the car-park was a building twice the size but there was a gap between the two, just wide enough for a man to shimmy down to the ground, which Dan did. He had to take a roundabout route to get back to the roof where he had left Trayn, but it did not take him long.
	“Well?” Trayn asked. “Did you get in?”
	“Yes mate,” Dan replied as he lit a cigarette.
	“And?” Trayn asked impatiently.
	“It wasn't a werewolf,” Dan replied, inhaling deeply.
	“Then what was it?”
	“It was a fucking pack.” 

***

	“How many?” Tristian asked. Dan and Trayn had just got back to Anna's flat and relayed their findings.
	“At least seven,” replied Dan. “But probably more, it was a fucking mess in there.”
	“I'm not surprised,” said Anna. “That many werewolves in a tiny space like that.”
	“We may have another problem though,” said Trayn. “The officer Dan spoke to, she's probably gonna' be the packs next target.”
	“Well then we need to find her,” said Alice. “If that's the case then all we gotta' do is follow her around until something happens,” Dan passed the folded piece of paper the officer had given him to Anna. 
	“What's this?” Anna asked, taking the paper.
	“I'm guessing that we should be able to find her with it,” Dan replied, smiling. “Think she liked me.”
	“You got her number?” Anna asked, as Tristian scowled at Dan.
	“Not on purpose,” Dan replied. “But in my defence it's a good thing I did,” He paused. “And besides she could come in useful.”
	“I think you may be right,” replied Anna. “I'll call her and set up a meeting,” She went through to the other room, and dialled the number given to Dan. “Hello, Jamie?” she asked when her call was answered.

***

	Anna had agreed with Jamie that she and Dan would meet her in a local pub. Luckily Jamie didn't live too far away, and although she was confused and a little reluctant at first, she had eventually agreed to the meeting. When Anna and Dan arrived Jamie had beaten them to it, and smiled a half smile when she saw Dan.
	“Is this your sister?” Jamie asked.
	“My sister?” Dan asked, before he remembered the lie he had told to her. “No, I've not been exactly truthful with you.”
	“What do you mean?” asked the confused police officer. 
	“Well I don't even have a car,” Dan explained. “I had to tell you that so that I could get in and have a look at the scene.”
	“Why? What are you, vigilantes?” Jamie tutted and looked away.
	“We have something to tell you, and you're going to find it extremely difficult to believe,” said Anna.
	“OK,” Jamie paused. “Tell me.”
	“First let me ask you a question,” Anna replied. “Do you have any idea what carried out the attack last night?”
	“We're looking into it,” replied Jamie. “I don't see that it's any of your business.” She got up to leave, but Dan put his hand gently on her arm.
	“If you think we're crazy after we've said our piece then fair enough, but hear us out.” Jamie nodded and Dan continued. “It was a pack of werewolves.” He paused a moment to let this sink in, but the look on Jamie's face told him that this was never likely to happen.
	“I think I've heard enough,” Jamie stood up this time and Dan did not try to stop her as she walked off.
	“They'll come after you,” Anna shouted after her. As she walked away Jamie raised her right arm and shot them both the middle finger, and then she was gone.
	“That could have gone better,” Dan laughed.
	“I'm not sure what we expected,” replied Anna. “The general population has absolutely no idea what goes on when they aren't looking.”
	“We'll get Trayn to follow her around, make sure that when they attack her she survives. Maybe then she'll believe what we have to say.”
	“Good idea,” Anna agreed.

***

	Trayn leaned against the wall smoking a cigarette. He'd watched Jamie enter the building over half an hour ago, and she was yet to leave. There were a couple of service entrances at the back but nothing else. She would have to come round to the front sooner or later.
	He'd been following her around all day, although werewolves typically would attack at night, there was no rule that said they couldn't do so during the day.
	Night was beginning to set in before Trayn finally saw her exit the building. It was cold and the rain had already soaked Trayn to the skin, but he didn't mind.
	He followed Jamie down a maze of back streets until she finally reached her destination, a quiet cul-de-sac with a few expensive looking houses lining the road. She walked towards one of the houses, but stopped when a figure appeared from nowhere and crossed her path. Trayn couldn't see the figure's face but he knew a werewolf when he smelled one. He didn't know why he had only just picked up the scent but there was no time to dwell on that now.
	“Oi!” he shouted, opening his coat and advancing toward Jamie, who turned at his shout.
	“Excuse me?” she replied, shocked that someone could be so rude.
	“Not you,” Trayn said, continuing his advance and drawing his sword. “That.” He stopped and pointed.
	The werewolf leapt over Jamie, and with claws extended lunged at Trayn who dodged the attack with ease.
	“You might wanna' hide behind something,” Trayn said to Jamie, before running at the werewolf. He jumped towards it, his knees going first and knocked the werewolf to the floor, his knees landing heavily on its chest. He felt himself being roughly dragged back and thrown to the floor a few feet away. He stood up and shook himself, realising that he was now surrounded by four werewolves.
	“Come on then,” he shouted. The werewolves growled in response and as one, their fingernails turned into claws and they attacked, leaping into the air and all coming down on Trayn at once. He dropped to the floor and rolled out of the way at the last possible second. As he stood he brought his sword around and decapitated the two werewolves who had their backs to him, their lifeless bodies falling to the floor almost instantly. The two remaining werewolves looked at each other and shrugged, before turning their backs and running away, growling as they did so. Trayn kept himself in the same defensive position for a couple of minutes until he was sure that the attackers were not going to come back. He then sheathed his sword and turned back to Jamie.
	“Who were they?” she stammered, and looked at the two lifeless bodies on the floor. “You killed them.”
	“It was them or us,” Trayn replied. “And I dunno' about you but I prefer it this way around.”
	“Who were they?” Jamie asked again, shakily lighting herself a cigarette.
	“Werewolves,” replied Trayn.

***

	“So let me get this straight,” Jamie paused and took a long, deep breath. “You are all from the future, apart from you.” She pointed to Anna. “Time has been altered by a witch who essentially killed her sisters and then took over leadership of your cult.”
	“It's not a cult,” replied Anna, offended by the term. “It's a...”
	“Let me finish,” Jamie snapped before continuing. “I've just been saved from a pack of werewolves, which by the way, actually exist. So do vampires and zombies, and all kinds of other 'demons'. You three can't get back to your own time so you have decided to stay here and fight these 'demons' for the good of humanity. How am I doing so far?”
	“That's pretty much it in a nutshell,” replied Alice.
	“So assuming I buy this, and I'm making no promises by the way, what happens next?”
	“They will come for you again, but next time in greater numbers,” replied Dan. “They don't like being defeated, and their leader is not goin' to be in the slightest bit happy.”
	“Why haven't you been to the police with this information?” asked Jamie.
	“And tell them what, exactly?” asked Anna. “You witnessed it first hand and yet you remain unconvinced.”
	“I see your point,” Jamie replied, shrugging.
	“There have always been demons, and there will always be those who fight them,” Anna explained. “It has been that way since the dawn of time, probably before.”
	“So all those films and TV shows?”
	“Might as well be documentaries,” Anna replied. “Now to change the subject a little, I've found us somewhere to set up a base.”
	“Where?” Dan asked, handing a communication device to Jamie.
	“Not too far away,” replied Anna. “There's a canal that runs a few streets away and a derelict old factory on the other side.”
	“Won't people notice if we renovate the place?” asked Dan, chuckling to himself.
	“Maybe,” Anna replied. “But we won't tell anyone unless we're asked.”

***

	They stood on the opposite bank of the canal as the water gushed into the lock, and looked across at what was to be their new home. The windows were boarded up which would save them a task, and there was what looked like a solid steel door facing them. They walked across the lock gate and through a handy hole in the fence. The factory was huge, and assuming all was well with the interior it did not look as though much work would be needed. Together Dan and Trayn kicked the door open after a few attempts and daylight streamed inside. Dan lit a cigarette and they entered the building.
	“What do you think?” asked Anna after a few minutes.
	“It's definitely big enough,” Tristian replied. “What about power?”
	“Leave it to me,” Dan said, heading for the cellar. “There must be a trip switch somewhere around here.”
	He slowly walked down the stone stairs into the cellar, not wanting to trip and fall in the darkness, and found what he was looking for at the foot of the stairs.
	“Let there be light,” he said, laughing before he realised there was no one around to hear him, and put the switch into the 'on' position. A light came on behind him and he turned, but down here the light did little but accentuate the darkness. He made his way back up to the factory floor. “What's it like up here?”
	“Plenty of room,” replied Alice. 
	“We think it'll do?” Dan asked.
	“I don't think we could have paid for a better place,” replied Tristian. “I love it.”

***

	The next few days were spent cleaning up their new home. It had clearly not been used for a long time and needed a little TLC, but it did not take long before the place was vaguely liveable. What had once been offices at the rear of the warehouse had been converted into living quarters and with a little work would be more than sufficient. Trayn had repaired the door that he and Dan had kicked in, and CCTV had been set up around the perimeter, hooked up to a laptop that had been found in a skip that had been used for a house clearance.
	“Dan,” Tristian shouted across the room. Dan turned around upon hearing his name and turned down the volume on the stereo next to him. “Are you picking this up? Jamie's on the com, says she's being followed.”
	“Where are you Jamie?” Dan asked into the com.
	“On my way home,” Jamie replied, her voice filled with dread. “Think I need help.”
	“I'm on my way,” Dan replied, as he ran for the exit. He grabbed Trayn on his way past and along with Alice the three of them went to leave. “You two gonna' be OK?” He shouted to Tristian and Anna.
	“Yes,” Tristian replied. “Now fuck off and save the day.”
	Dan carried on after Trayn and Alice as they broke into a run, hoping that they'd catch up with Jamie before it was too late. It was almost freezing outside and their breath formed a wall of mist in front of them as they ran. They made very good time and soon Jamie could be seen at the end of the street in front of them. Dan noticed Trayn scanning the surrounding houses and gardens, looking for those following Jamie.

***

	“Pass me that can of paint,” Tristian said, pointing Anna in the direction of a half-empty paint can. She watched as Anna bent down to pick it up and suddenly she stood bolt upright, her arms held tightly down by her sides. “Hey are you OK?” Tristian asked. “What's wrong?”
	Anna did not reply. Tristian made her way closer to her, and could see nothing but the whites of her eyes. Anna began to shake and a faint white glow emanated from her. The glow grew rapidly larger until Anna was surrounded by four or five feet of a now bright white light. Then as quickly as it appeared the light subsided, and curled in a tight ball on either side of Anna were two naked bodies.

***

	“Surround her,” Trayn shouted. “There's three of us, get as tight against her as you can.”
	Dan and Alice followed Trayn's lead and together the three friends surrounded Jamie, their swords drawn at the ready as the werewolf pack advanced. They stopped a few feet away as if waiting for the order to attack.
	“Come on,” Dan yelled. “Don't be fucking pussies.”
	“There's only three of us and I count eleven of you,” Alice shouted. “What are you afraid of?”
	“They're not afraid.” The speaker could not be seen, but the deep growl was clearly that of yet another werewolf. “They are waiting.”
	“That makes twelve,” Trayn whispered.
	“You're reputation precedes you all,” the as yet invisible werewolf continued. “And as that is the case I know that between you, you will have no problem dispensing with those who currently oppose you.”
	“You sound familiar,” Dan said. “How about you stop hiding behind your lackeys, and show your face.”
	At Dan's request the crowd of werewolves that surrounded them parted, and the speaker was revealed. His face could not clearly be seen for a moment, until he stepped into the light from the solitary street lamp. Dan's face dropped when he realised who was stood in front of him.
	“Pete?” He asked, unable to hide his shock and surprise. “What the fuck man, is that you?”

***

	Days and weeks passed by, and quickly turned into months. News reports said that animal attacks were on the increase, but most people had by now come to terms with the fact that the animals in question were werewolves, vampires, zombies or indeed any other of a large number of different type of demon. 	People were scared to leave their homes, and as a result the country was plunged into chaos. Productivity was at an all time low. All people did was sit at home glued to the television screen in the hope that they or anyone that they knew, were never the breaking news.
	Dan and Trayn did what they could with the help of JD, K, Alice and Tristian. They were few and their enemy now numbered in the thousands. Anna did her best to co-ordinate attacks on vampire nests and werewolf hides, but with limited resources and people unwilling to talk for fear of their lives, the going was tough to say the least. The walls of most towns and cities were scrawled with slogans, or cries for help from on high. Mostly though, the phrase 'Abandon All Hope, Ye Motherfuckers', could be found printed in pamphlets, or written in blood on the floor or the walls of every major city. 
	No one had seen hide nor hair of Pete. At Dan's request Jamie had passed his image around her colleagues, in the hope he could be found that way but it seemed that the police force had their attentions directed elsewhere. The mortality rate was the highest it had ever been apart from in times of war, and there was little anybody could do to keep it down.
	It was almost six months since Dan, Trayn and Alice had encountered Pete, and JD and K had appeared from nowhere.
	“Are we out again tonight?” Tristian asked. She was wearing a tight fitting strapless top, her face and upper body covered with battle scars.
	“No one else is gonna,” replied Dan, taking a long drag on his cigarette. He too was covered in scars. “The nights are beginning to feel very samey though. We go out, kill a few bad guys and then get the shit kicked out of us.”
	“Like you say though,” said Trayn, staring down at the floor. “If we don't do anything, there's no one else.”
	“I've still had no luck contacting my sistren,” said Anna. “I am sure it is they who sent JD and K to us.”
	“And a fucking good job they did as well,” Dan smiled. “I'm sure we'd all be dead had it not been for you two guys.”
	“We're just making up the numbers mate,” replied JD humbly.
	“Don't talk shit, two extra swords in our arsenal has made a huge difference,” said Trayn.
	“Well I shall continue to attempt to make contact,” said Anna. “They may be able to offer more aid, if only they knew what we were going through.”
	“The werewolf population is growing rapidly with every night that passes,” said K. “And I hate to think how many vampires there are walking the streets.” K lit a cigarette and inhaled deeply before she spoke again. “I still can't believe it about Pete, I mean... he's a fucking werewolf.”
	“I know,” replied Dan, nodding in agreement. “It has to be Jemma's doing though, we did bury his body on Prima after all.” He was about to carry on but was interrupted by a knock at the door. Trayn got up to answer it, Dan followed him with his sword drawn and stood out of sight as Trayn opened the door a crack.
	“Can I help you?” Trayn asked. The figure before him was male, probably around twenty-five years old and dressed in rough clothing. It didn't look right on him though, Trayn half expected him to spin around to reveal that he was actually wearing a crisp suit, black tie and all.
	“No,” replied the man. “But I can help you.”
	“What makes you think you can help us?” asked Trayn.
	“Can we talk inside?” the man asked. “Only it is very difficult to be sure that I was not followed here.”
	Trayn ushered the man inside and pushed the door closed.
	“You'll understand if I keep this out, right?” asked Dan, tapping his sword gently on the man's shoulder.
	“Of course,” he replied. “I would do the same.”
	“Good,” replied Dan. “Now you have five minutes before I kill you or throw you out, I'm yet to decide which it is to be.”
	“Well first allow me to introduce myself. My name is Thomas Lascelles, and I am forty-ninth in line for the English Crown.” Thomas paused, allowing this information to settle for a moment before continuing.
	“I tell you this now only because I want to make it clear that whilst I am indeed a distant heir to the throne, it is by no means a priority. What I am interested in however, is getting this country back on track, the way it used to be.”
	“Well I respect that,” said Dan. “You need to understand though that there always has been and always will be demons.”
	“And you have all been doing great work attempting to keep their population under control,” replied Thomas, smiling. “There are many groups of people like you, those who would stand up and be counted in this countries time of need. You however are the best at what you do. I have been watching you and tracking your progress for some time, and you have been doing wonderful things. Between you, you have the highest werewolf kill count of anyone, and by a long way.”
	“So you've just come here to pat us on the back?” asked Trayn. “What do you want?”
	“As I said, I want to help you,” Thomas replied, accepting a cigarette from Dan.
	“How?” Dan asked as he lit a cigarette. “I mean, we could always use another sword, but...”
	“I am not here to fight,” Thomas interrupted. “I have friends high up in government, and they are impressed with the information I have relayed to them. I have the authority to make your team an official government branch with unlimited funds, resources... absolutely anything you need. If we have the technology it will be done. Now I understand that we at this time are not as technologically advanced as we are in your own time, but we shall do our best.”
	“You do know a lot about us then,” said Tristian, genuinely impressed.
	“More than you can imagine,” replied Thomas. “Now I shall give you some time to confer amongst yourselves, is there somewhere I can wait?”

***

	“It's a damn good deal, if the guy's for real,” said Trayn. He had just returned from escorting Thomas to the roof.
	“I don't think we have any choice but to accept,” Anna agreed. “It really is a good deal.”
	“We could use the extra resources, and that's a fact,” said Dan, lighting another cigarette.
	The discussion continued for almost fifteen minutes, and everyone knew what the outcome would be long before it was said out loud. Trayn headed back up to the roof and returned a few moments later with Thomas in tow.
	“Have you reached a decision?” Thomas asked expectantly.
	“Make the call,” said Dan. “Your offer is too good to refuse, we would however like to keep our base of operations here, in this building.”
	“As you wish,” replied Thomas, fishing in his jacket pocket and pulling out a mobile telephone. He pushed the call button. “We are go.”
	He took the telephone from his ear and put it back into his pocket.
	“Several helicopters will arrive in an hour, bringing with them both military and civilian personnel. This building will be fitted with the latest in computer technology, and a fully functional security system.”
	“I have a question,” said Anna. “Who will run this new branch of the government?”
	“That task falls to Dan,” replied Thomas. “You will have a government liaison on site the majority of the time, but ultimately all decisions will go through Dan.”
	“Nice,” replied Dan, beaming.
	“There is one thing we must decide on right now,” said Thomas. “We have been kicking around a few ideas for naming this branch. I would however like to ask for your input on this matter.”
	“I have one,” replied K after a few moments silence. “How about, 'Sanctuary'?”

***

	“Well what do you think?” asked Thomas as he showed Dan around the newly refurbished Sanctuary. Dan had to admit he was highly impressed. Almost the entire ground floor was filled with computer work stations and directly in the centre was a large console.
	Above the console was a three-dimensional image, currently of the area immediately surrounding Sanctuary, however the image could be relocated to show anywhere on the surface of the planet. The building had been extended slightly at the back to allow room for a canteen and more permanent quarters. The basement was now the armoury, and was full floor to ceiling of pretty much every weapon imaginable.
	Dan and Thomas dodged between technicians and the like as they put the finishing touches to the security and computer systems. It had only been three days and soon Sanctuary would be fully operational.
	“There will be a garage built onto the side of the building, I gather work will begin on that in the next hour or so. There will be a few vehicles put in there for the use of you and your team. There will also be a mobile command unit for when you are out on the road, so to speak, basically what you see here but on a much smaller scale in the trailer of an articulated lorry.”
	“I really am impressed Thomas,” Dan said, but words really were unable to express how impressed he was.
	“I can tell,” Thomas replied, smiling. “Primarily yours will be the only team to operate out of this facility, but all being well we will have at least four other teams based here by the end of the year.”
	Thomas looked up as he noticed someone approaching. 	“Dan allow me to introduce you to Mike, he is pretty much a genius with a laptop. How many times have you been arrested for hacking offences Mike?”
	“Seventeen,” replied Mike, smiling as he held out his hand which Dan shook. He could not have been sixteen years old.
	“How old are you?” asked Dan, eyeing Mike suspiciously.
	“Fourteen Sir,” replied Mike. “It was either this, or I was told I could never go near a computer for the rest of my life.”
	“Glad you made the right choice,” replied Dan, smiling.
	“I thought so,” Mike matched Dan's smile. “Give me an hour or so and I'll be linked to every satellite in orbit, then there's pretty much nothing we won't be able to see.”
	“Isn't that illegal?” Dam asked.
	“Not when we're a government unit,” replied Mike. “At worst, it's just immoral.” Dan couldn't help but laugh as he and Thomas headed outside.
	“He seems like a good kid,” said Dan. “Reminds me a little of myself.”
	“With a greater intellect?” asked Thomas, smiling.
	“Sure,” Dan agreed. The two men sat on the bank of the canal outside Sanctuary.
	“You know, it doesn't seem to matter what I do, but my friends and I always seem to end up further away from home,” Dan stared into space as he spoke.
	“Nothing I can do about that I'm afraid,” Thomas lit a cigarette. “If I could tell you that we'll have the technology to get you home soon, then I would.”
	“I know mate,” replied Dan. “I'm just thinking out loud really. This is where the fight's at, this is where we're needed and to be perfectly honest I can't see this particular fight ending any time soon.”
	“I can't help but agree, I'm afraid,” replied Thomas. “The demon population will grow much quicker than we are able to deal with, at least now you and your team can have a significant effect.”
	“Thanks to you,” replied Dan. “Thanks to you.”
	A rustle of radio static brought Dan back in to the real world.
	“Repeat,” he said into the com.
	“Jamie's found a vamp nest,” Trayn's voice came over the com. “Where are you mate?”
	“On my way back in,” replied Dan. “Meet me down in the armoury.” He leapt to his feet and made his way inside, leaving Thomas alone with his thoughts on the canal bank. Tristian and Alice were already down in the armoury with Trayn. “Where are we headed?” asked Dan as he took his sword from it's hook on the wall and attached it to his belt.
	“I dunno,” replied Trayn. “Jamie's gonna' meet us at work and take us from there.”
	“Fair enough,” Dan replied. “What d'you think, grenades?” he asked.
	“Never hurt anyone,” said Trayn, laughing. “Well... you know what I mean.”
	“You girls OK?” Dan asked as he attached a few grenades to his belt.
	“Don't you worry about us,” replied Tristian as she and Alice picked up a couple of P-90's. “We're fine.”
	Tristian turned to Dan and smiled before walking the few feet over to him and kissing him. “Now, are we ready?”
	“We are,” replied Dan, and the four of them left the armoury, heading up the stairs and outside.
	“Everything OK?” asked Thomas, who was still sat outside.
	“Yeah, we got some action is all,” replied Trayn.
	“I see,” Thomas replied. “Well I shall await your return.”
	“It's only a few vamps, shouldn't be too long,” said Alice, an unlit cigarette in the corner of her mouth.
	They walked along the canal bank, the water flowing in the opposite direction. It was a fine evening, and although the time was almost seven, the air was still hot. They reached a road bridge that went over the canal, and made their way up the steps to the side of it. The road above was almost deserted as no one ventured out unless it was essential. Vehicles had been abandoned and subsequently burned out, and there were very few buildings that did not have boarded windows. They saw Jamie waiting for them a little further down the road. Dan had given her a sword a while ago, and she carried this with her.
	“Sorry to bother you guys,” Jamie began. “I'd have taken them out on my own, but I thought I'd better not.”
	“Well we can't have you getting all the action,” Dan laughed. “Where are we headed?”
	“There's a club in the centre of town, well what used to be a club,” replied Jamie. “A couple of the guys I work with went missing a few days ago, and that's where the trail ends.”
	“How do you know it's vamps?” Tristian asked. 
	“I staked the place out,” Jamie smiled. “I wouldn't have called you out unless I was sure.”
	Jamie took the lead and they headed down the main road into the centre of town.  Walking slowly almost directly in the centre of the street to avoid an ambush, Jamie eventually brought them to a stop and they found cover in a side street. “That's the nest,” Jamie said, pointing around the corner. “You got a cigarette?”
	Dan handed her a packet of cigarettes, and she took one, lighting it instantly. “From what I can tell the front door is the only way in or out, so we should be able to get them all.”
	“How many levels are there?” Dan asked, lighting a cigarette.
	“Just two,” replied Jamie.
	“OK,” Dan replied after a second of two's thought. “Me and Tristian will take upstairs, you and Alice sweep the bottom level.”
	“Where do you want me?” asked Trayn. 
	“At the door mate, anything that gets past us, make sure it doesn't get past you,” Dan replied, and Trayn smiled.
	“Make sure you let a few through then,” Trayn laughed. “I'll get bored otherwise.”
	“You'll have plenty to do man,” Dan said as he dropped his cigarette butt to the floor. “Don't you worry.”
	They headed for the club keeping to the shadows, as close to the wall as possible. Dan beckoned to Tristian to follow him, and the two made their way inside first. The foyer was empty, and as soon as Alice and Jamie had also arrived inside, Dan and Tristian made their way upstairs.
	“Shoot anything that moves,” Dan whispered hoarsely. “It won't kill them, but that's what this is for.” He drew his sword, and the two advanced. The interior of the club was dark and damp, the smell of mould had permeated the walls long ago and was incredibly overpowering, making it difficult to breathe. 
	“Only vamps could survive in a place like this,” Tristian said quietly. “But where the fuck are they?”
	Her question was answered a few seconds later. They made their way around the corner and came across a wide corridor lined on either side with what were once plush sofas. Now though they were blood stained, the material matted and torn. Dan and Tristian looked on in horror as they witnessed several vampires feeding upon humans, most of them still alive, barely.
	“I'm sorry, but we seem to have disturbed you during dinner,” Dan said loudly.
	In unison the feeding vampires looked up and it was at that moment that Tristian fired her P-90. She was purposely aiming for the vampires victims to put them out of their pain and misery, but of course were she to catch a vampire in the crossfire she would not be too disappointed. She stopped firing and the vampires began to advance, all of them with their incisors extended. Dan stepped forward and began to swing his sword, one after the other the vampires fell at his feet, until only one remained in the corridor.
	“I see you have met our kind before,” it hissed. Dan could not tell if it had ever been male or female, for now it certainly appeared to be neither.
	“I have,” Dan replied. “A long way from here. You're all the same though, you just seem to lose your heads when I'm around.”
	“There is a world of pain coming to you,” it hissed once more. “And you will not even see it coming.”
	“Oh I dunno,” Dan replied, stepping forward and in a swift motion he beheaded the vampire. “I quite like surprises.”
	He turned to Tristian and shrugged. She laughed and they continued down the corridor, passing the blood soaked sofas as they stepped over the bodies of fallen vampires. They were not too much further down the corridor when Dan came to an abrupt halt just before they reached a door.
	“I recognise that sound,” he said after a brief pause.
	“Who is it?” Tristian asked as she turned around to make sure they were not going to get attacked from behind.
	“Deftones,” Dan replied. “Passenger. These vamps have good taste, it's almost a shame to kill them all.” He noticed the look of disdain on Tristian's face. “I did say almost.”
	Dan smiled as he pushed the door open a crack, scanned the dark room on the other side and pulled the door quietly to. “I think they're having some sort or orgy in there, I certainly didn't see any clothes.”
	“It's all right for some,” Tristian joked. “Grenade?”
	“Grenade,” Dan agreed, taking one from his belt and removing the pin, motioning that Tristian should head on down the corridor. She did so and Dan opened the door just enough to allow him to throw the grenade as close to the centre of the room as he could. He threw it and quickly pulled the door to once more before he joined Tristian further down the corridor.
	“Grenade,” he whispered in her ear. The explosion was a large one. The door was blown off its hinges and hit the wall on the opposite side of the corridor. The music had stopped almost the instant the grenade had exploded. A minute or so went by and there was no sign of any vampire attempting to leave the room. Dan and Tristian looked at each other before continuing.

***

	Both Alice and Jamie held onto the walls. The explosion had rocked the very foundations of the building, and had almost knocked the two women off their feet.
	“Sounds like someone's having fun,” said Jamie, the bodies of several dead vampires at her feet. She and Alice had come across a corridor similar to that which Dan and Tristian had, blood stained sofas on either side, and on these sofas had been vampires feeding upon humans. Jamie had found her two missing work mates, or at least what had been left of them. Alice's P-90 was still smoking, and she had it pointed towards the double doors at the end of the corridor.
	“That's where the fun's to be had,” Alice said quietly. She and Jamie advanced and were soon outside the doors. Jamie gingerly pushed them open with her foot, but as far as she could tell there was nothing but silence to be found inside. She and Alice made their way inside, the doors closing with a click behind them. The light in the room was dim, but they could make out that it was a vaguely circular room with a balcony on the upper level that ran the majority of the way around.
	“Did you hear that?” Jamie whispered, turning sharply.
	“Yeah,” replied Alice. “I think we may be over our heads.”

***

	“Through here,” Dan whispered. “I can't hear anything on the other side.”
	“Might be a trap,” Tristian replied, already knowing Dan's response to that comment.
	“All the more reason to spring it,” Dan smiled as he lit a cigarette. He sat on the floor and gently pushed the door open. “OK there's a balcony right here,” he explained. “I'm going over it, but I want you to stay up here and cover me.”
	“Are you sure?” asked Tristian.
	“Of course,” Dan replied kindly. “Don't worry baby, I'll be fine.” He kissed her on the cheek, and in one swift movement got to his feet, pushed his way through the door and swung himself over the balcony. Dan landed on his feet just behind Alice and Jamie and immediately crouched, his sword drawn. He stood up slowly and took in his new surroundings.
	“Glad you could make it,” Alice smiled.
	“Well it looks like you could use the help,” replied Dan as the circle of vampires closed in. “Tristian's covering us from up there,” he nodded his head ceiling-wards. “Let's have some fun.”
	Alice released a volley of P-90 fire. This of course would do nothing but slow down the advancing vampires, but it gave Dan time to attack. He went in low and began slicing but there were a lot of vampires in a small space, and it was not long before he was battered and bruised, bleeding profusely. He stepped back and wiped the blood from his eyes. Jamie joined him and together they stood their ground, killing everything that came towards them with Tristian covering them from above, Alice from below. 
	Jamie fell to the floor, writhing in pain. Dan had not seen what had happened, but at that point he knew that they needed to get out of the building as quickly as humanly possible. 
	“Get down here!” he shouted to Tristian, who took a moment before jumping over the balcony. “We need to get out of here,” he yelled over the noise of the P-90's as he swung at a leaping vampire, decapitating it in mid air. “I'm gonna' have to carry her, I need you two to cover us but for fucks sake don't get left behind.”
	Tristian nodded, and Dan picked up the fallen Jamie and threw her over his shoulder. As one they headed for the exit, Alice and Tristian carving out a path, Dan felling vampires left, right and centre with his one free arm.
	“I'm gonna' blow the shit outta' them,” he said as they reached the double doors that led to the exit. He took a couple of grenades from his belt and removed their respective pins. Alice and Tristian pulled the doors closed behind them, and at the last possible second Dan threw both grenades through the gap that was left. Alice and Tristian pulled the doors to, and together they headed for the outside, almost knocking Trayn off his feet in their haste to exit. They clambered over the pile of fallen bodies, vampires that Trayn had prevented from leaving, and headed back towards Sanctuary.

***

	Jamie began to contort when they were halfway down the canal bank. Dan laid her gently on the floor.
	“She's been bitten,” Trayn said, lifting Jamie's right arm to show the puncture wounds. “The poison is working it's way up her arm, once it gets up as far as her shoulder there's nothing we'll be able to do.” Dan and Trayn looked at each other, both knowing what needed to be done.
	“I'll do it,” said Dan, raising his sword. “I'm sorry,” he whispered, before he brought his sword down swiftly just below Jamie's right shoulder.
	The cut was clean and Dan removed his shirt, ripped it and tied it as tightly as he could around the wound. “That should hold until we get back.” He picked her up and with Trayn's help they carried her back to Sanctuary.

***

	Jamie had been operated on, and any remaining trace of the vampire poison removed. Dan, Trayn, Tristian and Alice had refused to do anything but wait for her, they wanted to make sure she was OK, because they each felt responsible in one way or another.
	“She's going to be just fine,” Thomas said. He had just been speaking with a surgeon, Dan was yet to learn his name. “Apparently it is your quick thinking though that saved her life, had you not removed the infected area then no amount of surgery would have been enough, she would most likely have turned before you made it back here.”
	“Gotta' say that doesn't really make me feel any better,” replied Dan, sullenly.
	“You underestimate what can be done,” replied Thomas kindly. “Whilst we may not be as technologically advanced as you are used to, we have made great strides in the field of biotechnology and can in effect grow her a new arm.” Thomas smiled, for he could completely understand how the four people in front of him were feeling. “She will be as good as new in no time,” Thomas patted Dan on his shoulder. “And when she is fit once more for active duty, she will act as your liaison with Parliament.”
	“Dan!” Dan turned at K's shout. “You might want to see this.”
	“Thanks mate,” Dan said to Thomas, shaking his hand before he went to see what K was so excited about. He found her standing behind Mike as the fourteen year old computer genius apparently put the finishing touches to Sanctuary's system.
	“He says that we're gonna' be very impressed in a minute or two,” K whispered. Mike was right, for as he in-putted the last code the system sprang into life. Lights flickered, and interior drives whirred frantically as the system was booted for the first time. Above the centre console hovered a three-dimensional image of the Earth.
	“What are those areas marked in red?” Dan asked.
	“Hot-spots,” replied Mike. “The red areas are those with most demonic activity.”
	“Can you bring up Sanctuary and the area surrounding?” Dan asked, very impressed.
	“Easy mate,” Mike replied. It did not look to Dan as though Mike had touched anything, but before his very eyes it appeared that the image lurched forward, and was speeding through space until Sanctuary sat in the centre of the display. “That's sat at about a five mile radius,” Mike explained.
	“It's very fucking red,” said Dan as he looked on. “In fact the only area that isn't red right there is Sanctuary itself.”
	“With a little more tweaking I'll be able to tell you exactly where a particular demon is, and I mean right down to if he's taking a piss or a dump,” Mike continued. “I'll be able to tell you what kind of demon as well, I tell you mate this is going to make your lives a hell of a lot easier.”
	“It looks that way,” Dan really could not believe how well things had gone. “So Mike, I have a question to ask.”
	“Knock yourself out mate,” replied Mike, beaming with pride.
	“Exactly how good a hacker are you?” Dan asked, offering the boy a cigarette.
	“I dunno really,” replied Mike. “Top six or seven I suppose.”
	“You mean you have league tables?” Dan laughed.
	“Pretty much,” Mike explained. “It's not about how difficult a system is to hack, because anyone can get anywhere, it's about how quickly you can get in and out without leaving any trace.”
	“And you are in the top six or seven?” Dan asked.
	“OK,” Mike smiled. “Maybe I'm being a little modest, I'm probably the third best hacker in the world.”
	“Then you should have no problem doing what I'm about to ask you to do,” Dan paused, and winked at K. “I want you to run a global search. I want to know exactly how advanced mankind is right now, and I don't mean hypothetically. I want to know how many 'spaceships' there are, and I want to know exactly where they are.”
	“That's gonna' be a tough one, there's so many conspiracy theories it's difficult to tell fact from fiction,” Mike lit the cigarette Dan had given him.
	“There's no rush,” Dan smiled. “I mean if you don't think you're up to it.”
	“I never said that,” snapped Mike. “I'll see what I can do.”
	“Good boy,” replied Dan. “Now we'll leave you to it,” but Mike was already away in a world of his own.
	“You asked him to find that out as if you actually think there are ships out there,” K said as the two friends walked away from Mike.
	“Funny that,” replied Dan, lighting a cigarette. “I don't think there are, I'm actually certain.”
	“We'll see,” replied K.
	“Did you and JD find the Marie Celeste?” Dan asked. 
	“Yes Sir,” replied K. “She was right where you left her.”
	“Good, everything OK?”
	“She's sat cloaked on the roof as we speak,” K whispered.
	“Did you see her on the scan of Sanctuary, the one we just had Mike run?” asked Dan, inhaling deeply.
	“No,” replied K. “And that worries me a little.”
	“Me too,” said Dan. “I'd like some warning if we are to be attacked, and if the cloak on the Marie Celeste can go unnoticed...”
	“Well I'll have a word with Mike at some point,” K interrupted. “See if we can't alter the setting slightly.”
	“Thanks,” Dan sighed. “Look I'm gonna' have to get some sleep, so do me a favour and let Tristian know that's where I'll be if she wants me.”
	“No worries,” K winked, and watched as Dan headed slowly to his quarters.


Chapter Nine
The Rift


	The time line had been drastically altered, and the being that had once been Trixi, Janey and Sara could do nothing to change this fact. The being could not alter the course of events as it was completely incorporeal, it had however been able to gently push things into place, things it knew would ensure the survival of mankind. It should not have been able to do this, but the desire of the being was such that it had been able to make seemingly insignificant alterations. The being was however engaged in its own battle, it was the ultimate force of light and was locked in a power struggle with the forces of darkness.
	There was no battlefield to speak of, it was more of a debate, for the being and its adversary were as incorporeal as each other. The being fought on the side of heaven and its opponent, the being that had once been Lord Rasputin, President Witter and Cerberus, fought on the side of hell.
	This was by no means a religious war as religion was a fabrication of mankind, one created to make mankind feel better about itself. This war had been raging for all time and would continue long after mankind had disappeared, the players would undoubtedly change and the goal posts may shift a little, but the war would be the same.
	Both sides had been able to subtly bring their respective pawns into play, as the battle for heaven and hell must continue on all plains of existence, but whatever else happened neither side could give their pawns a clear advantage. It was against the rules and contrary to popular opinion, rules must be adhered to.

***

	Blue Oyster Cult's 'Don't Fear (The Reaper)', blasted out on the stereo and Dan sang along with the parts of the song he could remember the words to as he swam. It had been at his request that a swimming pool be built on the roof above the garage, and he had made good use of it, having spent six of the last forty-eight hours powering through the cold water. He came to the end of his two-hundredth length of the session and pulled himself out of the water. He sat at the edge of the pool and reached for his cigarettes that he had placed just within grabbing distance, and let the water soothe his calf muscles as he smoked.
	He finished his cigarette much more quickly than he would have liked, got to his feet and headed for the small changing room where he towelled himself dry and threw on his clothes before lighting another cigarette, hoping that this one would last longer than its predecessor. He took the stairs down to the garage level, and passing the '69 Dodge Charger he entered Sanctuary's main hub.

***

	Pete awoke, and his eyes took a few seconds to adjust to the morning sunlight. He was laying on a deep, shag-pile rug, wrapped tightly around Echidna, his Queen. She had been kind enough to permit him to sleep with her, and as this did not happen all that often Pete had taken the fullest advantage. He knew that the only reason sex had occurred between the two was because she was going to ask something of him, something that could well get him killed and she had wanted to soften the blow, but Pete really did not care.
	News of an attack on a vampire nest had reached the ever-listening ears of the werewolf community, and although no one had said who'd carried out the attack Pete could recognise his former friends' handy work when he saw it, and he was willing to launch an attack at his Queen's request, in fact if she did not ask it of him he would probably suggest it himself.

***

	“How's the new arm?” Dan asked Jamie as he approached the centre console where she was stood.
	“It's fantastic,” she replied with a quick smile. “Never better.”
	“Good,” replied Dan. “We gotta' have you on form now you have an official role here.”
	“I never did thank you for what you did,” Jamie said, the gratitude evident in her voice.
	“And you'll never need to,” Dan replied. “So what do we have?”
	“The system has been reconfigured and now we can see the Marie Celeste despite her cloak,” said Jamie. “I think we can safely say that there is no other computer system as advanced as this in the world.”
	“I hope so,” Dan paused before continuing. “It's pretty much the only significant advantage we have.” He moved around Jamie and put a hand on Mike's shoulder. “Everything OK?”
	“It's fully operational,” Mike replied. “I can't find any evidence of what you asked me to look for, not yet at least.” There was a slight hesitance to his speech.
	“Something you're not telling me?” Dan asked. Mike did not reply, instead he altered the image above the centre console. “OK what am I looking at?”
	“The Milky Way,” Mike replied. “I can't be sure because things are constantly changing, you know planets in orbit and such. We know their projected course but at such great distances there are too many variables to be certain.”
	“Certain of what?” Dan asked, annoyed that Mike was clearly avoiding something.
	“Certain of this,” Mike altered the settings, and the image centred on a flickering snake-like object. As Dan watched it did appear to be moving incredibly slowly, but moving nonetheless.
	“What's that?”
	“I don't know,” replied Mike.
	“Don't bullshit me kid,” Dan snapped. “Now tell me what the fuck it is.”
	“OK, but this is only speculation.”
	“Then fucking speculate.”
	“I've never seen one, well no one has which is why this is purely speculation. I think it is a rift.” Mike shrugged his shoulders and sighed heavily.
	“A rift in what? In space?” Dan asked.
	“A rift in the Space/Time Continuum,” Mike paused to allow this to sink in. “They have only ever been theorised before, a rip that travels aimlessly through space, powered by nothing but its own momentum.”
	“It's headed this way isn't it?” Dan knew the answer before he had even asked the question.
	“If it keeps its current course,” Mike smiled helplessly. “Yeah.”
	“How long until it reaches us?” Dan asked, and watched as Mike pulled the image out slightly. “That means nothing to me, just answer the fucking question.”
	“Three weeks,” Mike replied. “Give or take.”
	“Fuck!” Dan yelled, slamming his fists down on the console. “What will it do to us?”
	“Obliterate us,” said Mike. “In theory.”
	“Can it be stopped?”
	“Yes, but again in theory,” Mike replied. “If you can overpower it, then it should close.”
	“How do we go about that?” 	
	“Nukes,” K said from behind Dan. “Fire enough in there and create a big enough explosion, it will overwhelm it.”
	“Would that work?” Dan asked, turning back to Mike, who simply shrugged. “Well it's the best we got.”
	“We're gonna' need a whole lotta' nukes, Sir,” K smiled. “And I'm gonna' have to modify the missile housing on board the Marie Celeste so she can accommodate.”
	“Get on it,” Dan replied as he turned to Jamie. “Looks like you best get us some nukes.”
	“How many?” Jamie asked.
	“As many as you can get,” replied Dan lighting a cigarette. “The more the merrier.”

***

	It took K almost five days to modify the missile housing. It was painstaking work, but eventually she was done, and the Marie Celeste would hold twenty-two nuclear warheads. She just hoped that would be enough.
	Jamie had used her new found political sway to acquire twenty-two of the finest quality Made-In-North-Korea nuclear warheads, and these arrived by helicopter soon after K had finished, and were carefully loaded on board the Marie Celeste.

***

	Dan took the pilot's seat on board the Marie Celeste. Only he and K were going on this mission, due to the high chance of failure. Dan would have gone on his own but K insisted that if anything went wrong with the launch system for the warheads, only she would be able to repair it in time.
	“Make sure you come back in one piece,” Tristian's voice came over the com.
	“We will,” replied Dan. “We'll be back before you know it.”
	“Good luck,” said Jamie. 
	“Thanks,” Dan replied. “Engaging Half-Light Drive.”
	There was an almost blinding flash of light that surrounded Sanctuary, and the vessel was gone, temporarily non-existent as she travelled through Time and Space to intercept the rift. Instead of the usual smooth transition though, the Marie Celeste juddered back into existence. “What the fuck was that?”
	“I don't know,” K yelled back. “But we're losing power and venting atmosphere.”
	“What the fuck?” Dan shouted. “What happened?”
	“It's the rift,” K replied. “It has to be the rift, there's nothing else here.”
	Dan turned to the central console and pored over the information he found himself presented with. Most of it was complete gibberish, but one thing was perfectly clear. Somehow the co-ordinates had been slightly incorrect, and the Marie Celeste had rematerialised inside the rift. This had sent a shock wave through the ship, causing her to drastically lose power, and had ripped a hole in the hull.
	“We're fucked.”

***

	Oxygen escaped rapidly through the gaping hole in the hull of the stricken Marie Celeste as the crew of two lay unconscious on the floor of the bridge, both had been unable to prevent what was certain to be a tragic death. However it had not only been Sanctuary that had detected the rift. As Dan and K lay dying, five huge spacecraft exited the rift, the leading vessel opening its doors, thus allowing the Marie Celeste to come to rest in her gigantic launch bay. The doors closed as soon as the smaller was on board and the bay was pressurised, the small fleet of massive ships moved on past the event horizon of the rift.

***

	Dan opened his eyes, and to his surprise found he was very much alive. He didn't recognise his surroundings though, which worried him slightly. His eyes slowly closed and he fell back to sleep. When he re-opened them, he was greeted by a familiar face.
	“Sara,” Dan smiled.
	“Hey Dan,” Field Agent Sara Bates smiled back as she spoke.
	“What happened?” asked Dan.
	“You were venting oxygen, so we scooped you up,” Sara explained.
	“Are we...?” 
	“You are in your own universe,” Sara interrupted. “This time it is us paying you a visit.”
	“You came through the rift?” Dan asked as Sara nodded. “How?”
	“Well it seems that the near total destruction of Earth acts as a catalyst for technological development,” replied Sara. “There is a fleet of these ships five hundred strong at home.” Dan noticed a faraway look in Sara's eyes.
	“It was a one-way trip for you, wasn't it?” He asked kindly.
	“Yes,” she replied.
	“Thank you,” Dan said. He stood up and put his arms around Sara, holding her tightly. “We have a job to do here though.”
	“One that won't be completed with those piss poor nukes you brought with you,” Sara laughed. “We have a payload on board each of our ships, firing them into the rift won't close it but it will bring it to a complete halt. I thought you might want to be around to see it.”
	“You thought right,” Dan replied. “Where's K?”
	“Already awake,” replied Sara. “She's having a bite to eat.” Dan followed Sara out of the medical bay and she led him down corridor after corridor until they reached a lift.
	“How many levels?” Dan exclaimed. “Fucking hell you guys have been busy.”
	“Six hundred,” replied Sara. “But only the bottom five-hundred and fifty all allow access to the engine and stores, the top fifty are personnel levels such as the medical bay, restaurants, leisure facilities and quarters.”
	They exited the lift on level five-eighty eight, and found themselves on the bridge. Dan stared out of the huge window in front of him.
	“I've seen moons smaller than those,” He could not contain his excitement as he looked out at the other four ships that made up the fleet. 
	“Fire when ready,” a voice rose above the rest.
	“Yes Sir,” was the reply.
	“Is that Ged?” Dan asked as he turned to Sara.
	“It is,” she replied. “He made Captain a couple of months ago.”
	“Well good for him,” Dan smiled.
	“You're gonna' want to see this,” Sara said, as she headed over to the window.
	Dan followed and was glad he did. He was joined a few seconds later by K, still munching away on a croissant, and together they watched as each ship fired its huge nuclear payload. Slowly the warheads made their way towards the rift, ready to deliver a payload of incomprehensible power. They watched as the warheads passed the event horizon and at perfectly timed intervals each warhead exploded. The effect upon the rift was a beautiful one. What had been a white light emitting from it became a red light, then a blue light, passing through every colour in the spectrum and beyond, repeating the process over and over as the effects of the enormous nuclear blast took a firm hold.
	“It's stopped Sir,” a shout arose from one of the navigation units. “The rift is stationary.”
	A huge cheer went up from all around the bridge, even Dan and K got involved. At one point, there was even a Mexican Wave. Dan strode up to where Ged was sat, almost in the centre of the bridge and put his hand on his shoulder. 
	“Thanks for the save mate,” he said, smiling. “Not sure we'd have made it if you hadn't picked us up.”
	“Well it's about time I returned the favour, the amount of times you've saved our hides,” replied Ged. He stood up and hugged Dan.
	“Good job on teaching the rift who's boss as well,” Dan laughed.
	“Cheers,” replied Ged. “Now let's see about giving you a ride home.”
	“I'll get to work on repairing the hull on the Marie Celeste,” said K. “Shouldn't take me too long.”
	“We have a two week trip to Earth,” said Ged, smiling at K. “I can have a team of mechanics give you a hand.”

***

	The alarm shrilled out in the darkness, indicating that Sanctuary's perimeter had been breached. Trayn sat bolt upright in his bunk and reached for his sword. He quickly got up and silently ran across the floor of his quarters, making his way quickly to the hub. He crouched down against the wall and scanned the room. He could see Tristian and Alice, both the women having had the same idea as he, but at least they had had the foresight to put some clothes on. Trayn made his way stealthily over to them.
	“Lookin' good,” Alice winked at Trayn.
	“Can you see anything?” he asked, ignoring Alice's remark.
	“Not a thing,” replied Tristian. “Maybe it's a fault.”
	“It doesn't feel like a fault,” Trayn replied. He quickly stood up and flattened himself against the wall. Before he knew what was happening, he dropped to the floor, a tranquilliser dart embedded in his neck.
	“Trayn!” Alice yelped. The sound had escaped her mouth before she had had a chance to stop it. She felt something big and heavy hit her across the back of her head, and she fell to the floor where she hit her head once more. Tristian stood up, unable to see who or what had knocked Alice unconscious, but ready to face it all the same. She felt a strong pair of arms grab hold of her from behind and try as she might she could not wriggle free. She was aware of a cloth being held over her mouth, and she slowly lost consciousness as the effects of the chloroform washed over her.

***

	Trayn poured over Sanctuary's central console. A fleet of five ships had been picked up a few days ago as they passed by Jupiter, and with Dan, K and now Tristian missing Trayn was at a loss. Dan and K had been expected back almost two weeks ago, it should in theory have been a simple mission, but there had been no radio contact since the two had left. Sanctuary was stretched, most of their resources were being diverted to searching for Tristian, but as yet they had not found a trace of her.
	The fleet was rapidly approaching and there had been no attempt made by them to contact Sanctuary, or any other agency on the planet for that matter. Mike had been scouring through various government documents in an attempt to find some record of a Starship being built, or indeed confirmation that there was no such thing. He could find neither.
	“Sanctuary, this is Dan,” Dan's voice came over the com, and Trayn breathed a huge sigh of relief. “Sanctuary this is Dan, please respond.”
	“Thought you'd bitten the bullet mate,” Trayn replied. “Are you a part of that fleet we've been tracking?”
	“I hope so mate, else we got some bad guys on the way,” Dan laughed. “We'll be in orbit inside four hours mate.”
	“Good,” Trayn replied. “What happened to the Marie Celeste?”
	“That fucking rift tore her up good,” Dan replied. “We have her on board though, and repairs should be complete by the time we're in orbit.”
	“OK,” Trayn had been putting off what he was about to say, but he felt he had no choice. “Mate Tristian's gone.”
	“What do you mean, gone?” Dan asked, his voice changing completely.
	“She was taken over a week ago, the perimeter was breached, we were caught completely off guard,” Trayn explained.
	“Who took her?” the anger could clearly be heard in Dan's voice.
	“We don't know,” Trayn replied. “Get back as quick as you can, yeah?”
	“Yeah,” Dan replied. “Yeah too fucking right.”

***

	Trayn let the warm water flow over his body. It relaxed him a little, which he desperately needed. He couldn't remember having had a good night's sleep for the last two weeks. He gently pushed his head under the torrent of water and let out a scream. Turning off the hot water, he stood under the now icy cold water, daring himself to stand under it just a little longer. When he could take it no more he turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. He saw Alice standing there, staring at his naked body.
	“I knocked,” she said, smiling.
	“I never said a word,” Trayn replied.
	“We've been trying to raise you on the com for the last fifteen minutes,” Alice explained, her eyes fixated on the naked form in front of her, pleased that Trayn had made no effort to cover himself up. 
	“What did you want?” Trayn asked, snapping Alice out of her daydream state.
	“Oh,” she replied, shocked. “Dan and K are back.”
***

	Dan towered over the central console, an unlit cigarette in the corner of his mouth. He stood up straight when Trayn entered the room.
	“Mate,” Trayn said. “I'm so sorry.”
	“Ain't your fault,” Dan replied. “I hear you got tranqued, so I'll let you off.” He shook his friend's hand before continuing. “We gotta' find her though, and I'll guarantee it's Pete who took her.”
	“You're probably right,” Trayn replied. “But there was no trail and without that we don't have a clue where they are based.”
	“While Tristian may be our primary concern, we also have another,” Dan said as he lit the cigarette. “I'll let Sara explain though.”
	“Well fuck me,” Trayn exclaimed. He had not noticed Sara until now. “How did you get here?”
	“We brought our fleet through the rift, and it's a good job we did as your boy here was dead in the water,” Sara laughed. “But that's the other problem. We managed to halt the rift, but we have no way of closing it which means that potentially all kinds of hell could come through it at any time.”
	“What do we do?” Trayn asked.
	“We build a kind of... space station,” Dan replied. “But we're not talking small here. I mean a space station with its own fleet of fighters, a staff of thousands for preference.”
	“Then I guess I'd better start negotiating that,” said Jamie, taking a few notes on her laptop. “It'll end up being a multi-national operation, it's going to cost trillions.”
	“I know,” Dan replied. “But I'd rather that than get caught by surprise.”
	“I'll get on the phone to the Prime Minister right away,” said Jamie.
	“What's our next move mate?” Trayn asked. “What do we do?”
	“Well I'm gonna' get something to eat,” replied Dan. “And then, we go hunt a motherfucking werewolf.”


Chapter Ten
The Triton Project


	Dan leant on the console behind him as he addressed those stood in front of him. There was to be three teams of four, moving outwards from Sanctuary, each team covering a third of the ground. Dan was to lead one team, Trayn another, and the final team leader was to be Alice. Ged had assigned special forces personnel from his own staff to make up the remaining numbers, and he, Sara and Anna were to remain at Sanctuary. 
	Mike was busy crunching numbers and designs for the new space station with Jamie. The Prime Minister had jumped at the chance to be lead nation on the project, and had pledged unlimited funds to it. The American President had wanted nothing to do with the project, but on board already was Germany, Finland and Australia, with Japan and Croatia likely to sign up  within the next hour or so.
	“We know that Pete has a base reasonably close to us,” Dan spoke loudly to ensure that everyone could hear. “We're talking a twenty-five mile radius. We're goin' out in teams of four, less likely to get spotted that way and I want radio contact at all times. Check every building, abandoned or otherwise. It's gonna' be a long and fucking arduous process, but we're gonna' get her back, anyone got a problem with that can get the fuck outta' my sight.” Dan's speech was greeted by a supportive silence. “Now that's out the way, JD you're with me, the rest of you sort your shit out, but we move in an hour.”
	“Yes Sir.” The reply was unanimous. 

***

	The search had been going on for almost a week, with not a stone left unturned. It was a long, laborious process but Dan was not alone in his refusal to give up hope. He knew that the longer it took to find Tristian the greater the chance that she would be killed, or worse turned into a werewolf. Each team was surviving on an hours sleep out of every twenty-four, a combination of hope and adrenaline pushing them on.
	There was however, some good news. Seventeen additional nations had signed up to the space station project taking the total involved to twenty-three. Every government that had accepted the offer to join had pledged astronomical amounts of money. The project was to remain in British control, and due to the rifts location and its proximity to Neptune's largest moon, it was to be called the Triton Project.

***

	“What are you going to do to me?” Tristian cried. “You're a bastard, you're a bastard, you're a fucking bastard!”
	“Profanities will get you nowhere,” Pete snarled. He had captured Tristian at Jemma and Echidna's request. He picked up a small tube with a tiny needle at one end and held it up to the sunlight that was coming into the room via a tiny crack in the rooms only window.
	“Then tell me what the fuck you are going to do to me,” yelled Tristian. “There was a time when you and I were friends.”
	“That time is long gone I'm afraid,” said Pete, still staring at the tube. He appeared to snap out of whatever thoughts were keeping him and turned to Tristian. He was pleased to see the leather straps were holding her almost still, with just enough give to cause her great pain. He noted that both her wrists and ankles were bleeding, and the strap around her neck had made the skin there red raw.
	“Don't worry, I'm not going to kill you,” he smiled a toothy smile. “There are much bigger plans for you.”
	“What plans?” Tristian asked. She thought that if she could keep Pete talking then maybe he would forget what he was doing.
	“You are to be the Mother of a new race, a host for the spawn of a vile creature,” Pete replied. “When I inject this into your neck, you will probably lose consciousness straight away and if you're lucky you will not awaken to see what comes out of you.”
	“A new race?”
	“Well strictly speaking I suppose that was a lie,” Pete mused. “This race is much older than humanity, almost as old as the Universe itself but they find themselves close to extinction and need a human host to give life to their next generation.”
	“What are they?” Tristian could not keep her eyes from the tube held in Pete's hands.
	“They call themselves Sporallians,” Pete replied. “Ugly, violent creatures but they have made an offer too good to refuse. Your children will feed upon the human race until only they remain, only then will the Sporallians come for them, and take them to their home world.” Pete leaned over and pressed the needle gently into Tristian's neck, she tried to protest but Pete placed a strong hand over her mouth, and pushed a button on the side of the tube. There was a low humming sound, and the Sporallian spawn was fed into Tristian's blood stream. She fell unconscious, just as Pete said she would.

***

	“We've found her mate,” Trayn's tired voice came over the com. “She's unconscious and unresponsive.”
	“Stay where you are,” Dan replied as he and his team broke into a run. “We're on our way.”
	Dan and his team arrived at Trayn's position, a delivery bay behind a supermarket. Tristian had not been moved, but looked as though she had been placed carefully behind two large dustbins. Dan crouched down beside her and placed his ear to her mouth.
	“Her breathing is too shallow.” He was almost crying, with relief at finding her as much as anything else. He tilted her head to the side. “She looks like she's been  injected with something, look.” He pointed to the small puncture wound on Tristian's neck.
	“I've called it in mate,” Trayn said kindly. “We'll have her back to Sanctuary in no time.” 

***

	“How is she Doc?” Dan asked. He had not moved from Tristian's side while Sanctuary's medical team had run a series of tests. It had taken four hours.
	“Well you're right, she has certainly been injected with something,” replied the doctor. “As for what it is, we have absolutely no idea but whatever it is appears to be very aggressive.”
	“Will she be OK?” asked Dan.
	“I don't know,” the doctor replied. Dan stood up and left the medical bay, heading for the hub.
	“Someone had better give me some good fucking news,” He lit a cigarette and waited for someone to say something.
	“The Triton Project has been given the go ahead,” said Jamie. “It is going to be built in space, a couple of miles from the rift itself.”
	“That is good news,” Dan tried to get excited, but found himself unable to do so. “How long will it take to complete?”
	“The better part of eighteen months,” Jamie replied. “There will be teams of engineers working around the clock.”
	“Who is overseeing the operation?” Dan asked, taking a drag on his cigarette.
	“That'd be me,” JD said from behind him. “The Triton Project is gonna' be my baby.”



***

Tristian Doyle

You Were Greatly Loved

Rest In Peace


***
	Dan stared at the headstone. He'd cried all the tears he could, his eyes stung and were bloodshot. He felt a friendly hand gently touch his shoulder.
	“Pete's here mate,” JD whispered. “He's stood over there,” he said, nodding in the direction of a small crop of trees.
	“I know,” Dan replied, his voice hoarse. “I was counting on him coming.”

***

	Events leading up to Tristian's funeral had begun four days prior. Dan had barely left Tristian's bedside as Sanctuary's medical staff  tried in vain to work out what she had been injected with. He had held her hand tightly and refused to let go. It had been Anna, not a member of the medical team, who had discovered the answer though. It had come to her in a vision.
	She had been having many of these lately, normally they were distorted and unclear but this one had been like crystal. The vision had awoken her, and she ran down to the medical bay.
	“I know what's wrong with her,” she panted.
	“What?” Dan asked, half asleep. “Tell me what's wrong.”
	“She was injected with something,” Anna continued. “Tristian is incubating an alien life-form, well, thousands of them.”
	“What the fuck?” Dan yelled, unable to believe what he was hearing. “You're making this shit up.”
	“I'm not,” Anna replied. “Trixi came to me in a dream.”
	Dan's face dropped. On the one hand he did not want to believe what he was hearing, but on the other hand if this information had come from Trixi, then it had to be true. Dan knew that Anna had no reason to lie to him, and because of this he knew that what she said must be the truth.
	“What must be done?” Dan asked.
	“You know what must be done,” replied Anna. “But it is a decision you must reach by yourself.”


***
	“What do you mean? You were counting on him coming?” JD whispered.
	“It's the easiest way to catch him,” Dan replied. “In about thirty seconds he will drop to the floor, paralysed with a tranquilliser dart.”

***

	Dan had ordered everyone else to leave the medical bay. He knew what he had to do, and did not want anyone else to bear witness to it. He had to kill his lover. To prevent a massacre of biblical proportions, he had to kill the one and only woman he'd ever loved. He leant over her and kissed her forehead. She was sweating an almost ice cold sweat, and Dan quickly realised that the incubation period must almost be complete.

***

	Pete slumped against a tree as the tranquilliser embedded itself in his neck. Alice smiled and holstered her weapon before she clambered down from the top of the out-building.
	“Load him up,” Dan said to JD without turning from Tristian's grave. “We'll get him back to Sanctuary, and then I wanna' have a word with our old friend.”
	As JD left, Dan crouched down and placed a single red rose on the headstone in front of him. “I'm sorry,” he whispered before he turned and walked away.

***

	Dan reached around and unplugged the monitor. He looked around making sure that no one was around to see what he was about to do. When he was satisfied that he was alone, he drew his sword and raised it above his head. He looked at the woman laying in front of him, and tears streaming down his face, he shook his head he stabbed her through her heart, whispering, “I'm sorry.”

***

	“Turn the hose on him again,” Dan shouted. “Wake the bastard up.” JD obliged, and a stream of ice cold water showered Pete's still unconscious form. The werewolf awoke with a start and struggled against his restraints.
	“Set me free,” he growled deeply.
	“You know that ain't gonna' happen,” Dan replied calmly, flicking his cigarette butt at the werewolf. “You've got some serious fucking talking to do.”
	“I shall tell you nothing,” Pete replied.
	“I know that you infected Tristian with alien spawn, that she was to be host to the next generation of their species,” Dan paused as he felt himself welling up.
	“And I'd do it again,” Pete growled.
	“What did they offer you? This alien race, what did they offer you in return for finding their spawn a host?”
	“Salvation,” Pete replied. “They offered to spare my life when they lay waste to the planet.”
	“Guess I fucked that for you then,” Dan smirked. 
	“Yes,” Pete replied. “You did, but no matter. I shall have no trouble finding another host.”
	“I think you might,” Dan smiled. “You see, how you gonna' do anything if you're dead?”
	“You wouldn't,” Pete growled with surprise.
	“After this last week, I wouldn't call my bluff if I were you,” Dan said, lighting a cigarette. He reached behind his back and unstrapped Betty, levelling the weapon at the werewolf. “Any last requests?”
	“None that would make any difference,” Pete turned his back to Dan. “But remember I know you, and you wouldn't shoot a man in the back.”
	“You ain't a man,” Dan snapped and fired Betty, hitting Pete in the back. The werewolf exploded, not a recognisable trace of him left intact.


***
	The Triton Project was well under way. The space station was being built in orbit around Earth, and only when it was complete would it travel to its intended position in the cosmos, a stationary position just outside Triton's orbital influence. It would get there using a modified version of the Half-Light Drive, although the station itself would have no method of propulsion. The project became an international priority.
	The planet was in complete and total disarray, because despite the huge technological advances that were being made poverty was at an all time high with all available funds being directed toward the Triton Project. The best and brightest of every field imaginable were being transferred from anything else they had been doing and were assigned to the project.
	The space station was to be enormous, if it landed in the centre of London it would stretch further than the M25 on all sides. It was the most ambitious project ever undertaken by humanity.
	Every detail about the Triton Project ran through Sanctuary. It was seen that Dan, Trayn, JD and K were the foremost experts on all things interstellar and months were taken up by planning sessions and team meetings. As JD was to command the Triton Project he'd personally vetted every possible candidate for all positions on board, whilst Dan and Trayn had done what they could to keep the demon population under control.
	Since Pete had been killed, it seemed that both Jemma and Echidna had gone into hiding, but this did not stop vampires and werewolves roaming the streets in packs. If they weren't picking the public off at random, they were fighting amongst themselves in an attempt to gain some form of control which was all well and good, but sooner or later an idealist would come along, a vampire or werewolf with a plan. Hopefully, that day would come later rather than sooner.
	“We have a problem,” said Mike, whilst at what was probably the twenty-fifth meeting that week, and it was still only Wednesday. “But I think I have come up with a solution.”
	“OK,” replied Dan, sounding tired. “What's the problem?”
	“Communications with the Triton Project, once it is in its intended position,” Mike explained. “Because of its position so far out in the Solar System, communication will be limited. There are too many variable effectively standing in the way.”
	“So what's the solution?” JD asked, scribbling a few notes down on a pad in front of him.
	“A relay station, serving primarily to boost radio signals but it could also be used as a research base,” replied Mike.
	“Where would this relay station be?” Dan asked.
	“Ceres,” Sara said, as she scrolled through the laptop she had in front of her. “It is close enough to Earth for us to be in direct contact, and the chances of a permanent habitation are strong.”
	“So a permanent base on Ceres then?” asked Dan, lighting a cigarette.
	“Why stop there?” asked Mike. “There's no reason why we can't colonise the planet.” He paused before continuing. “All the elements for a breathable atmosphere are there, and with the right ingredients we could raise the surface temperature significantly.”
	“We drill down to the core and plant a small nuclear device, just powerful enough to warm the interior,” explained Sara.
	“And that will make the planet liveable?” asked Dan. 
	“In theory,” Sara replied. “Eventually, yes.”
	“How about if we planted a larger nuke, would that speed up the process?” Dan asked.
	“Too big a reaction would probably destroy the planet,” replied Mike. “But if we introduce life there, and by that I mean accelerated growth bacterial life forms, then it should take six months.”
	“Do it,” replied Dan. “Apart from anything else we need the relay station, so we might as well go all the way.”

***

	The cargo bay on board the Marie Celeste was loaded up with drilling equipment, and a team of experts had been drafted in to carry out the actual drilling. The mission was classified; that way if anything went wrong the government had no accountability. 
	“We're ready to go,” Dan said into the com. He had Alice on board with him, as well as the drilling team.
	“See you when you get back mate,” replied Trayn. The transmission ended and Trayn watched as the Marie Celeste disappeared momentarily from the scanners, reappearing in orbit around Ceres.
	Dan took the Marie Celeste down to the surface of the planet and once a suitable site had been found, drilling commenced without delay. It took almost a week to drill the four hundred and seventy five kilometres to the planet's core, the team working around the clock. Once the hole was drilled, a thermonuclear device was lowered inside, and would be detonated remotely from orbit.

***

	“That should do it, don't you think?” Dan asked as the Marie Celeste took a high orbit around the Dwarf Planet.
	“I should think so,” replied Alice. “Fingers crossed.”
	“Here we go,” Dan smiled and lit a cigarette before detonating the device. “Now, we wait.”


Chapter Eleven
The Immortals


	“Who the fuck are you?” Pete asked, his voice strained and hoarse. He stared through the red haze at the newcomer. The searing heat that had at first been unbearable Pete now found simply annoying. What he wouldn't do for an ice cold shower.
	“Call me Tom,” Tom replied, a distinct American accent clung to every word as he spoke. “It's your lucky day, I'm getting you out of the Pit.”
	Hell has always had many names, but until he had been taken down there Pete had not even been sure of its existence. He did not know how long it had been, but he was certain that time didn't play a factor. There was no day or night, and no matter how exhausted he may be, he had not been able to sleep. He had been subjected to unspeakable torture and torment, and he had seen things that had made him want to kill himself but of course, he could not die in hell.
	“How did you get down here?” Pete asked.
	“One of the many perks of being an immortal,” replied Tom, a cheeky grin spreading across his face. “There ain't nowhere I can't go.”
	“I don't wanna' sound ungrateful,” Pete began. “But why now?”
	“It ain't the easiest journey,” Tom's voice strained as he wrenched out two of the iron bars that had been keeping Pete prisoner. “And besides, your friends need you now more than they ever have. They have no idea what's coming.” Tom paused as he helped Pete through the gap. “It ain't gonna' be easy though, Cerberus took on your form and amongst other things condemned Tristian to death. Dan was left with no choice but to kill her himself.”
	“Ah fuck,” Pete cried. “Tristian.” He put his head in his hands. “Tell me what's coming.”
	“An alien race,” replied Tom. “The Sporallians, Destroyers of Worlds.”
	“Why have we not come across them before?” asked Pete.
	“They never perceived humanity as a threat before the time line was drastically altered,” Tom paused. “I ain't goin' into it now, but it may take you a bit of getting used to.” Tom passed Pete a cigarette and he took it, touching the tip to a rock and lighting it instantly.
	Pete followed Tom silently through the labyrinth of caves and tunnels for what must have been hours before he finally spoke.
	“Why has no one tried to stop us leaving?” He asked.
	“My associates have cleared a path for us,” Tom replied. “And all being well they are now keeping the perception filter locked on the correct point in time.”
	“Associates?” Pete asked.
	“There are four of us,” Tom replied. “We used to number in the hundreds, but despite the immortality we can still be killed, it just ain't that easy.”
	They rounded a corner and Pete assumed they had reached a dead end.
	“You took your sweet fucking time, Tom,” a soft voice spoke out in the darkness.
	“Allow me to introduce Will Scarlett,” Tom said as he turned to Pete.
	“No fucking way!” Pete exclaimed.
	“Let me guess,” Will Scarlett began. “You're gonna' ask if Robin Hood is an immortal as well.”
	“I...”
	“It's always about Robin fucking Hood,” Will Scarlett interrupted.
	“I...”
	“Well no, he never was an immortal,” Will Scarlett interrupted once more. “He was a fucking pussy.”
	“Will, shut the fuck up,” Tom yelled, a smile on his face.
	“Sorry,” Will replied. “I'm good.” He held out his hand, Pete took it in his own and shook it vigorously.
	“Everyone else on the other side?” Tom asked.
	“Yeah,” replied Will. “We can't keep this open much longer though. It's gonna' be noticed.”
	“It probably already has,” said Tom. “Come on.”
	Pete watched as at first Tom then Will walked into the rock face and passed right through it. After a few seconds, Pete followed suit and passed painlessly through what had appeared to be solid rock as easily as one may swim through water.
	Pete found himself in a small woodland clearing at the foot of a cliff. Sat around a fire in the centre was a man and a woman, surrounded by an array of weapons. They both stood as Tom and Will, followed by Pete, approached.
	“Is that him?” the woman spoke, the remnants of a French accent surrounding her voice.
	“Must be,” replied the man, walking over to Pete. “They call me Cain,” he said, shaking Pete's hand. “This pretty thing here is Joan.”
	“Of Arc?” Pete asked.
	“The one and only,” replied Cain. “And you've already met Tom Sawyer and Will Scarlett.”
	“Thank you all for the rescue,” said Pete as he looked Joan of Arc up and down.
	“No worries,” Cain replied, following Pete's gaze, he smiled. “You're one of us now,” Cain paused. “One of the privileged few.” He gestured that Pete should take a seat, and then proceeded to tell the tale of how Immortals came to be.
	It was around four thousand years ago when the three Goddesses brought the first Immortal out of Hell. He had been born of a race of warriors the likes of which had never been seen, and whose story was seldom told. He had been charged with the task of keeping the forces of evil at bay, preventing them from grasping a firm hold on the mortal realm.
	It had soon become apparent to the Goddesses that their immortal warrior would need some help, so they bestowed upon him the power to enter hell and free others like him. At their strongest, the Immortals had numbered in the hundreds, but the continuous battle with the forces of evil had taken its toll.
	“It was you, wasn't it?” Pete asked. “When the first immortal entered hell, he rescued you.”
	“Good call,” replied Cain. “Good fucking call.”
***

	Deep in the bowels of Ceres, something remarkable was happening. The core of the planet was actually turning, rising to incomprehensible temperatures with the help of a thermonuclear device, a process that would normally take millennia would be complete in a matter of months. Dan looked over the readings and smiled.
	“Back to Earth then,” he said, turning to Alice as the console in front of her beeped into life.
	“I'd say yes,” she replied. “It's Trayn, Sanctuary is under attack.”
	“Fuck it,” Dan shouted. “Who?” He flicked several switches.
	“Werewolves,” Alice replied. “And vampires.”
	“Engaging Half-Light.” As Dan spoke, the Marie Celeste disappeared from her orbit around Ceres, and instantly reappeared in a low orbit around Earth, her cloak engaged.

***

	In a night club in the centre of Nottingham, some very strange events were about to take place. Despite the club being full to capacity, a small yet distinct circle of emptiness was forming on the dance floor.
	Normally when Rage Against The Machine were being played in this particular night club, the dance floor was completely full, but the empty circle was rapidly growing. The speakers began to crackle and bolts of electricity shot from them, converging in a single point on the ceiling.
	A stream of electrical current hit the floor and began to scorch the wood, yet those dancing and moshing were seemingly oblivious to it.
	The scorch marks began to spread, and there was a sudden explosion. At the same time a group of vampires entered the night club, pausing only to feed on the three bouncers at the entrance. 	In the centre of the scorched circle lay three women. As they got to their feet other club goers began to notice them, they saw that the three women were dressed chest to toe in black leather, a sight not uncommon in this particular club. The three women looked toward the balcony above them and focused on the vampires that now lined the rail.
	Trixi looked to Sara on her right, and then Janey on her left, and as he first chords of Godsmack's 'I Stand Alone', could be heard over the speakers, the sisters leapt into the air and back flipped on to the stage. The vampires on the balcony were yet to move and simultaneously Trixi, Sara and Janey held out their right hands, making the devil horn sign, and with their left hands invited the vampires to attack them, their long, wavy hair flowing as the cool air from the air conditioning units hit them.
	The first vampire attacked, swinging herself over the balcony she charged the sisters. As she leapt at Trixi, the girl jumped and landed upon the vampire's shoulders. She twisted her lower body, and using her thighs she snapped the vampire's neck, somersaulted backwards and landed gracefully on her feet.
	This was apparently a signal that the remaining vampires should attack. They did so as one and soon fists and feet were meeting teeth and claws until only one vampire remained. He leapt back up to the balcony but Janey and Sara followed, landing on the rail and stalking cat-like along it.
	They attacked together, Janey using her feet to steady the vampires head and Sara used her shoulder to knock the vampire from its feet, whilst Janey used her feet to snap its neck.
	“It's good to be back,” Trixi smiled as she cricked her neck, noting for the first time the rather large crowd of people gathered motionless around the stage in front of her. One of the crowd, an ageing man with a ZZ Top beard passed Trixi a bottle of lager, which she opened using her teeth and downed in one, which received raucous applause, as Slayer's 'Raining Blood' began to play, Trixi was crowd surfed to the opposite side of the room. As the club got back into full swing, she left with Janey and Sara, arms linked as the three leather clad sisters made their way down the street in the warm night air.

***
	Pete rolled backwards as the werewolf attacked, catching the sword thrown to him by Tom he leapt to his feet and sliced the werewolf's head right off in a single, smooth motion. He quickly looked around, and saw Joan surrounded but standing her own, her broad sword dripping with the blood of werewolf and vampire alike.
	Will had perched himself on a low branch of a nearby tree and with his silver tipped arrows was using his crossbow, was picking off their would be assailants with ease.
	Tom and Cain were stood back to back, both with a sword in each hand hacking down anything that came towards them. 	Pete felt the ground beneath him begin to move, and a few feet away from him what looked like two, four-headed dogs rose out of the earth.
	“What the fuck?” Pete yelled.
	“Hell-hounds,” Cain shouted, his sword still swinging. “They've come to take you back to hell.”
	The hell-hounds advanced on Pete, their multiple jaws snapping and extending to reveal snake-like tongues. Pete reached out and grabbed a hold of the neck of one of the heads and hacked just below his hand. He recoiled and watched open-mouthed as two heads grew where one had been.
	“How the fuck do you kill these bad boys?” Pete shouted over the growls and snarls.
	“The heart,” Joan replied, her voice strained as she fought off a vampire intent on biting her neck. “Stab the heart.”
	“Nothing's ever fucking simple,” Pete muttered to himself as the hell-hounds circled him. Occasionally their heads would get in each others way and they would snap at themselves, but at least one of its heads always had its eyes fixed on their quarry. One of the hounds leapt at Pete, he dropped to the floor and raised his sword, gouging deeply at the base of the hell-hounds necks. The hound simply landed and shook its heads, its wounds apparently healed.
	“Where's the heart?” He shouted.
	“In its arse,” Will shouted.
	“'Course it is,” Pete muttered as he advanced on one hell-hound, keeping a wary eye on the other. He feigned a run left and as the hound followed Pete went right, and using one of its necks he dragged himself up so he was now straddling the hound. Its heads turned and Pete ignored them as razor sharp teeth bit down into his left arm as he mustered all of his strength, he pierced the hounds buttocks with his sword.
	The hell-hound dropped motionless to the floor. The remaining Hound saw this as an opportune moment to attack and it ran at Pete, who somersaulted from the back of the fallen hound. As it ran underneath him, Pete drove his sword deep into its rump and it fell, landing atop its fellow.
	The hell-hounds fallen, the attacking vampires and werewolves dispersed, leaving only the Immortals in the once more peaceful clearing. Pete looked down at his arm, and saw the only sign of any wound was his own congealing blood.

***

	The Marie Celeste landed atop the building, and Dan and Alice ran across the rooftop and down the stairs that led into Sanctuary.
	“We're in,” Dan barked into the com. “Where are you?”
	“The Hub,” Trayn replied, the sound of P-90 fire accompanying his transmission. “We're holding them off, but they keep fucking coming.”
	“We're coming in behind you,” Alice said, picking up two P-90's and throwing one of them to Dan. They rounded the corner and entered the Hub. Through the smoke Dan could make out Trayn, Anna, K, Sara, Jamie, JD, Mike, and Ged.
	“Where's everyone else?” He asked over the din.
	“This is it,” JD replied as he released a volley of P-90 fire. “We were caught a little by surprise.”
	“So I see,” Dan laughed. There was an explosion outside the building which shook it to its very foundations. Several vampires and werewolves were knocked off their feet as the blast had come from behind them.
	“Hold your fire,” K shouted. She had seen the three figures moving through the haze before anyone else, and they all watched as the leather-clad women moved gracefully to the centre of the room. They paused and looked around, and as they clasped their hands together a jolt of energy violently shot from them in all directions. They stood smiling and as the smoke around them cleared it quickly became apparent that there were no longer demons within the walls of Sanctuary.
	“Energy barrier,” Trixi said calmly, the same smile spread across her face. “That oughtta' hold them back.”
	She and her sisters looked at the seven dumbfounded faces staring back at them.
	“We'll explain everything,” said Trixi. “But for fuck's sake will someone please give me a fucking cigarette!”

***

	“So you were in heaven?” Dan asked, trying to get his head around what Trixi and her sisters had just said. “You were in heaven and you got kicked out?”
	“We had no choice,” replied Sara. “We could see what was happening, and we can see what is coming.”
	“We couldn't sit back and do nothing,” Janey smiled.
	“It wasn't Pete,” Trixi saw the faraway look in Dan's eyes. 	“It was Cerberus.” She held Dan closely. “But Pete is alive.”
	“Wha..?” Dan didn't know what to say. Trixi explained how she, Sara and Janey had created the first Immortal, and how Pete was now an Immortal himself.
	“Where is he?” Dan asked when Trixi had finished.
	“South America somewhere,” replied Trixi. “He'll make his way here though.”
	“Sorry to interrupt,” Jamie interrupted. “But you said you know what's coming.”
	“An enemy greater in strength and number than any we have faced before,” Trixi replied. “Trust me, these guys make Cerberus and Rasputin seem like a walk in the park.”
	“It won't be long before The Triton Project is operational,” said JD.
	“Too right mate,” Dan laughed., patting JD on the back. “You know that means you're probably gonna' be our first line of defence.” He paused before continuing, and turned to Trixi. “Ma'am, I'd like to hand over command of Sanctuary to you, and if no one has any complaints I'd like to run the Ceres base.”
	“I have no problem with that,” replied Trixi.
	“Nor me,” said Jamie. “However the Prime Minister has made the decision to urbanise fifty percent of Ceres, providing homes and jobs for a billion or so people.”
	“Who is gonna' oversee that?” asked Dan.
	“That would be me,” Jamie replied. “You have command of everything military, and I get the rest.”
	“Well whatever, or whoever this enemy is,” Dan paused to light a cigarette. “I say fucking bring it.”


Chapter Twelve
Hypernova


	Seven and a half thousand light years from Earth, Eta Carinae, a binary star one hundred and fifty times the size of Sol was entering the final stages of its life. Soon this Hypergiant would explode and leave in its wake a black hole. In astrological terms though, a million years could be classed as 'soon'. There was a problem however that no one on Earth was aware of, that being that when Eta Carinae exploded, the resulting hypernova would eradicate the Ozone Layer surrounding Earth, which would leave the planet at the mercy of the ultra-violet light from our Sun, destroying all life.
	
***

	Mike, an almost fifteen year old computer genius sat at the central console of the Hub at Sanctuary. The time was getting on for three in the morning and Mike was knackered, and for this reason, he didn't notice when the radiation levels high in the atmosphere slipped above their normal peak. 
	In orbit around Earth, the Triton Project was almost complete. K was in the process of installing a much modified version of the Half-Light Drive that, when complete, would instantly propel the massive space station to its intended destination, just outside the orbital influence of Triton.
	JD should have been running multiple checks on the space station before she was given the all clear for human habitation, but instead he was watching K work. Had he been on the bridge where he needed to be, he would have noticed the levels of solar radiation in the vacuum outside hit an all-time high, but he did not.

***

	“Dude!” Dan shouted as he sat next to a slumbering Mike at the central console. “Dude!” he shouted again, nudging Mike, who drowsily opened his eyes. “What the fuck is that?” Mike followed Dan's gaze, and saw the red flashing light.
	“Probably a fault,” Mike replied sleepily. “No worries.”
	“Check it,” said Dan sternly. Reluctantly, Mike sat upright and looked at the screen in front of him.		
	“Fuck...”
	“What?” Dan waited for a reply, but none was offered. Instead Mike frantically punched away at his keyboard. “What?” Dan asked again, this time with more volume.
	“What?” Mike replied absently. “Oh... solar radiation is rising.”
	“That's bad?”
	“I should say,” replied Mike. “I can't find where it's coming from though.”
	“May I suggest finding out?”
	“I'm working on it,” said Mike. “Give me a smoke, and you might wanna' wake Trixi.”

***

	“Well?” Trixi asked, leaning over Mike's shoulder. 
	“I don't know,” replied Mike. “I can't find where the fuck it's coming from.”
	“Move,” Trixi said. Mike stood and Trixi took his place. Her fingers moved deftly over the keyboard and the image above the central console spread out so it was now covering a much wider area of space. “See it?”
	“Well fuck me,” Mike replied. “It's gone hyper nova.”
	“What's that I'm looking at?” Dan asked.
	“A twin star over a hundred times the size of our Sun,” Mike explained. “It's exploded and solar radiation is spreading out from it.”
	“Will it reach us?” Dan asked. “The worst of it I mean.”
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “And when it does it will destroy the Ozone Layer.”
	“That'll kill us,” Dan replied, shocked. “That'll kill everyone.”
	“We need to evacuate Earth.”
	“Can't we stop it?” Dan asked, hopefully.
	“Not a chance,” Mike replied. “Literally everything will be destroyed.”
	“How long do we have?”
	“Months,” replied Trixi. “But probably less than that before people start to fry.”

***

	The folks at Sanctuary were not alone in their discovery. Echidna, daughter of Cerberus had also stumbled across Eta Carinae.
	“Earth will be evacuated,” said Jemma. “We will wait until we know the location of the evacuation site, and then get there first.”
	“It will be unexpected,” Echidna growled. “Are you confident you can get us there without Sanctuary detecting us.” 	Jemma didn't reply, she simply smiled and walked off in the direction of her quarters, leaving the werewolf alone.
	“It seems I may have found a use for you.” Jemma smiled evilly, turning to face Jez, the fairy who'd hitched a ride into this reality with Dan, and was currently locked inside a tiny cage in Jemma's lush living quarters.
	“I won't,” Jez replied defiantly in her tiny voice. “Whatever it is, I won't do it.”
	“You won't have a choice,” replied the witch. “You will be my eyes and ears inside Sanctuary.” Jez looked crestfallen. She knew she had no power in this reality, and even if she had, Jemma was all powerful, more than a match for the fairy.

***

	“I have a list of possible relocation sites Ma'am,” said Mike as Trixi walked up behind him. The lad had pulled an all-nighter and he knew it. He was struggling to keep his eyes open.
	“Talk to Dan,” replied Trixi. “He and Trayn are checking them out.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” Mike replied as he lit a cigarette and hit the com. “Dan where are you?”
	“Just about to go for a swim,” Dan replied. “What you got for me?”
	“A list of possible relocation sites,” replied Mike. “Trixi said you and Trayn are checking them out.”
	“Gimme' ten minutes and I'll be with you.”
	“Yes Sir.”

***

	“Any thoughts on which we should check out first?” Dan asked as Mike handed him a list of co-ordinates.
	“Not really,” Mike replied. “They're all about as likely to be suitable as each other.”
	“Don't wanna' make this easy for us do you?” Dan laughed, before he spoke into the com. “Trayn buddy, meet me at the Marie Celeste.”
	“Yes Boss,” was Trayn's reply. Dan cut the transmission and headed for the roof where the Marie Celeste sat, invisible to the rest of the world. He lit a cigarette as he walked and contemplated taking weapons of some kind, but he figured that Mike wouldn't send them to any planet that was already host to intelligent life.

***

	Pete stared out over the bay that lay silently before him. It was getting on for four in the morning, and the harbour just south of Cayenne, French Guiana, was deserted, a fact that'd make commandeering a vessel much easier. Pete watched as Cain moved stealthily amongst the crates and boxes that were scattered everywhere.
	“Something's goin' on,” Will said behind him. “Something big.”
	“I feel it too,” replied Pete. He couldn't explain it but ever since his rescue from Hell, he had been much more aware of everything that was happening in the world. 
	“It is going to affect everyone,” Joan chipped in. “Man and Demon alike.”

***

	On board the Marie Celeste, Dan and Trayn had checked out the majority of the list of possible relocation sites, and had so far come up with nothing. Either the planets they'd found were too small, too few, or completely uninhabitable.
	“We'd better get lucky soon,” said Trayn. “If we don't find anything then we're fucked.”
	“Well let's see what this one's like,” Dan replied as the Marie Celeste flashed into orbit around a huge Gas Giant. “Mike seems to think there's a whole lotta' moons that should be inhabitable.”
	“I should say,” said Trayn. “Take a look at this.” Dan leant over Trayn's monitor to take a look. 
	“How many?” Dan asked after a few seconds.
	“I dunno mate, but I should say there's more than what we're gonna' need.” Trayn's eyes hadn't moved from his screen. “We got three gas planets roughly this size, each with hundreds of moons.”
	“Vitals?” Dan asked, hopefully.
	“We're looking good,” Trayn replied. “I'm even reading some advanced plant life on the majority.”
	“No other life though?” asked Dan.
	“Not that I can tell,” Trayn replied. “Looks to me like we hit the jackpot.”

***

	On board the Triton Project, JD sat alone on the command deck. K had succeeded in installing the drive and was now taking a well earned rest. JD absent-mindedly flicked through the cameras. First the living quarters, then the huge shopping centre with its own cinema, many bars and bistro's. It was not until he came to the fighter bay that he snapped to attention. He was sure he'd seen something flit across the screen. The Triton Project was nowhere near fully staffed as yet, so he didn't really have anyone to call for backup. He picked up a P-90 on his way and headed for the fighter bay. It did not take him long to reach his destination, and soon he was stood in the darkness, surrounded by hundreds of stationary fighters. He could hear nothing.
	“Hello,” he called out. “Anybody here?”
	There was no response, so he fired a short burst of P-90 fire at the floor.
	Still no response.
	He was about to leave, assuming that he must have been mistaken when he heard a quiet coughing.
	“Hello,” he called out again. “I know there's someone here, so stop fucking around.”
	JD heard tiny footsteps coming towards him, and flicked on the light that was attached to his P-90. He pointed the light in the direction of the footsteps, and there was Jez, the tiny fairy.
	“Don't hurt me,” she cried out.
	“Why would I hurt you?” replied JD softly as he stooped down and lifted the fairy to his shoulder. “How did you get here though?”
	“I don't know,” Jez replied, sure that JD would be able to tell she was lying. “I just sort of... appeared.”

***

	Jemma smiled and rubbed her hands together with glee. Her plan had worked, and thus far had been far too easy. She could hear and see everything that Jez could, and there was nothing that her former friends would be able to do to stop her.

***

	Echidna wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. Lately she had been feeling strange, a little run down and she had been unable to think straight. There was always a short time though after she'd eaten when everything was clear, and this time she was determined to get to the bottom of whatever was causing the strange feeling. She took a cigarette out of the packet on the table and lit it. She was restless, and a restless werewolf was bad news for everyone. She was not satisfied with the way Jemma had been running things and was sure that she, Echidna, daughter of Cerberus, could do a much better job. 
	Ever since Jemma had taken command of the Order of the White Witches, Echidna had been waiting for her to make a move on Sanctuary, but that day was yet to come and now with this new impending disaster on the horizon Echidna figured she would be waiting for much longer, and that would not do. That would not do at all.
	Her mind made up, Echidna lit another cigarette and left her quarters. She paused for a second or two outside her door and sniffed the air. Jemma was outside. Echidna wanted to catch the witch by surprise, and as she silently made her way down the corridor she plotted, her mind whirring.
	She was soon outside and sure enough, Jemma was sat alone in the centre of the courtyard. The witch had apparently not noticed Echidna's approach, but out of habit Echidna ensured she was upwind. Without making a sound Echidna approached Jemma from behind, until she was but a few feet away.
	“What?” Jemma asked. She had not moved.
	“Just getting some air,” Echidna replied, thinking on her toes. “ This appeared to satisfy Jemma, and Echidna inched closer.
	“Get it somewhere else,” Jemma snapped, still not moving. “I'm busy.”
	Echidna could restrain herself no longer, and reaching out with both her hands she took a hold of Jemma's head, and snapped her neck.
	The crack echoed around the courtyard. Echidna let go and smiled as Jemma's limp body fell to the floor. Instantly she felt as though a huge weight had been lifted from her shoulders, and as she breathed deeply her jaws extended and her fingernails began to grow. She knew what was coming and she embraced it, for the first time in a long time feeling free. Echidna growled, long and low before she pounced on Jemma's lifeless body, ripping flesh from bone and savouring the sweet taste.
	When she'd finished Echidna stood, Jemma's still warm blood dripping from her mouth. She turned around to see that quite a crowd had gathered to witness the death of the witch. All were watching, but none were moving.
	“Find me a vampire,” Echidna growled, as she lit a cigarette. “Find me a vampire, now.”

***

	Alice turned, sure she'd heard something. She hated nights such as this, but she'd volunteered and thus had no one else to blame. She'd been patrolling for a few hours and now a thick mist was pushing its way down the street towards her.
	Sanctuary was spread a little thin, and because of this reason patrols were few and far between, and for the last few nights had been carried out alone.
	Dan had taken the previous nights patrol, and Trayn would take the next. It wasn't that Alice didn't think she could look after herself, in point of fact she was certain she could handle herself in most situations but all it took was for her to be caught off guard and she would be confined to the history books.
	It was nights like this that anything could happen.
	She stood still and waited for the mist to encompass her, until she could hardly see her hand in front of her. She lit a cigarette and was about to carry on walking when this time she was certain she heard a noise. She listened closely. Someone was whistling a tune. 
	“Anyone out here with me?” Alice whispered into the com.
	“You're on your own,” Mike replied. “Closest I got is Trixi maybe four miles away. You need help?”
	“No I should be fine,” replied Alice, cutting the transmission and carrying on.
	She trod carefully, drawing her sword silently, ready to defend herself when the time came.
	But Alice was not ready.
	The vampire jumped her from behind and Alice felt its teeth sink smoothly into her neck. She felt no pain, but as the vampire drank the blood from her neck she began to feel drowsy. 	Just as she felt as though she was going to lose consciousness the vampire stopped and the next thing Alice knew the vampire had slit its wrist and was forcing Alice to drink its blood.
	Then, it was gone.
	Moments passed by and Alice slipped in and out of consciousness a few times before an unmarked van pulled up beside her. She could vaguely make out two figures jump out of the back of the van, and felt herself being thrown into the back, chains put around her wrist and ankles. The van drove off into the fog, leaving no trace of either Alice, or the vampire that'd attacked her.

***

	“Are you sure this is the last location you have her at?” Dan yelled into the com, lighting a cigarette.
	“Her signal stops there,” Mike replied. 
	“Why didn't you let me know she'd called in?”
	“She said she didn't need help,” said Mike. “And besides as soon as she didn't come back, I let you know.”
	“Yeah I know,” Dan said more calmly. “Sorry... look get Trayn out here, I'm gonna' need a hand.”
	“Yes Sir,” Mike replied.

***

	“This is where her signal died?” Trayn asked, staring intently at the floor.
	“So Mike says,” replied Dan, lighting another cigarette.
	“There's no trace of her, but this is the perfect place for an ambush,” Trayn said, looking up at the buildings that lined the side of the street. “She wouldn't have seen it coming.”
	“Werewolf?” Dan asked, inhaling deeply.
	“I don't think so, there's no sign of any blood.”
	“Then I guess that means we got more vampires in the mix,” Dan sighed. “And they're coming after us.”
	“You're talking like she's dead already,” Trayn snapped. “May not have been vamps, she could easily have been taken by humans, providing she was taken by surprise.”
	“I hope you're right,” replied Dan. “We got work to do. I'll get onto Mike, see what he can find.”
	“Good idea,” Trayn replied. “Sorry for biting your head off, I'm gonna' stay out here and see if I can't find our girl.”
	“Keep in touch.”
	“No worries.”

***

	“Jamie, good to see you,” said Dan as he entered the hub. “This is kinda' a bad time though.”
	“I know,” Jamie replied, smiling kindly. “Mike's filled me in, is there anything I can do?”
	“Probably not,” replied Dan. “I'm pretty sure it's a vampire.”
	“That sucks, literally.”
	“You're telling me,” Dan smiled. “So what can we do for you?”
	“Well we've gone over the information you gave us regarding the relocation site, and I gotta' say everyone is impressed, we just need the stamp of approval from the Prime Minister,” Jamie paused. “Where's Trayn?”

***

	Alice opened her eyes, and found herself in complete and total darkness. She touched her neck with her hand and found no wound, not even a scar.
	She pulled herself to a seated position before trying to stand. She fell to the floor clutching her head and crying out in pain.
	As the pain intensified, images began to flash through Alice's mind.
	Images of death and destruction, images of past and future, images that Alice was certain she had never seen before in her life. But then it slowly began to dawn on Alice. This was no longer her life, for she was a vampire.
	Her eyes were adjusting themselves to the darkness, her sense of smell had increased tenfold as far as she could tell, and as for her hearing, if she concentrated fully she could her the footsteps of a spider on the wall opposite.
	As she breathed deeply she picked up a scent, blood. Stealthily she headed in the direction the smell was coming from. 	She did not realise it yet, but the smell of blood was pulling her in, and this fact would soon play a factor in everything she did. Then she heard faint footsteps, but this time they were not the footsteps of a spider.
	She could sense a human.

***

	Trayn stalked the corridors with a sword in one hand, and a P-90 in the other. It had taken him a while but he had finally managed to track the van that had taken Alice. The trail had lead him here, to an apparently abandoned hotel.
	“You looking for me?” Alice strode seductively around a corner at the end of the corridor.
	“Well, yeah,” Trayn replied, staring Alice up and down. Her clothes were no different to those she normally wore, but the way she was wearing them, the way she was holding herself, was completely different.
	“Looks like you found me,” Alice replied, continuing her stride down the corridor.
	“You OK?” asked Trayn, tightening the grip on his sword.
	“Never better,” Alice smiled. She noticed Trayn's grip tighten. “Now put those weapons down, I have something to show you.”
	“I don't think that would be a good idea,” replied Trayn. “What's wrong with you.”
	“Me?” Alice purred. “Nothing at all.”
	She leapt the remaining few feet and knocked Trayn to the floor, straddling him. She rested her knees on his arms, his weapons now useless.
	“What the fuck are you doing?” Trayn yelled as he struggled, but Alice had the advantage.
	“I'm gonna' make you young and pretty forever,” Alice smiled, bowing her head to Trayn's neck.
	“What...” Trayn cut himself off. The pain was intense, and he knew what was happening to him. He could feel his blood being drained.
	Alice took one of her hands and covered Trayn's mouth, not that calling for help would do any good at all.


Chapter Thirteen
Blayze


	Pete awoke, sitting bolt upright in his bunk. He and the other immortals had stolen a small cruiser from the docks at Cayenne and were currently making their way across the Atlantic Ocean. Unsure what had caused him to awaken so suddenly, Pete got out of his bunk and made his way cautiously across the cabin floor. He put his hand on the doorknob and heard what sounded like stifled screams coming from the cabin next to his own.
	He hurriedly threw on a pair of jeans and picked up his sword before he ventured outside of his cabin. He gingerly stepped through the door, but could see nothing resembling danger of any kind.
	He could no longer hear any noise coming from the next cabin along, so he knocked and entered. Blood could still be seen dripping down the walls, and what had once been crisp white bedsheets were now a deep red.
	Had Pete not known that this was Cain's cabin, he wouldn't have known who's mutilated corpse he was looking at. It was the same in every other cabin. Will Scarlett, Tom Sawyer and Joan of Arc, all lay mutilated in their bunks, missing their heads. 	Pete quickly checked the rest of the cruiser but could find no sign of an assailant. Not knowing what to do he leant on the rail and lit a cigarette, the cool night air buffeting him gently.

***

	“The demon has destroyed the Immortals,” Yana turned as Echidna entered the room. She waved her hand and an image appeared in mid-air. “All but one are no more.”
	“Excellent work Yana,” Echidna growled softly. “It seems that Jemma's untimely demise has brought forth your potential.”
	“Thank you,” Yana smiled wickedly.
	“Do we have a location?” Echidna asked.
	“Yes,” replied Yana.
	“Good,” Echidna could not help but smile. “Take us there, and ensure that we arrive undetected.”

***

	A figure stood motionless in the shadows. She wore a figure hugging military uniform, and as she moved out of the shadows the word 'Blayze' could be seen tattooed across her shoulder blades. She ran her hand almost seductively down her left leg to her knee, and pulled it back to reveal what appeared to be a shotgun. She approached her targets, keeping to the shadows where possible, watching the two figures. One of them turned to reveal an unkempt goatee and extremely bad skin, but did not see her. She holstered her weapon, and touched her temple.
	“No go,” she spoke, her voice gentle.
	“No go?” was the reply. The transmission crackled, but on the voice on the other end was definitely female.
	“Just a couple of fucking Breeders,” she replied.
	“OK Blayze, back to base.”
	“On my way,” Blayze replied as she turned and left the scene.

***

	Dan sat next to Mike as the two of them scoured the scanners over and over in an attempt to find some trace of Trayn and Alice. Days had passed and still there was no sign.
	“The Prime Minister is getting anxious,” Jamie said from behind them. “He wants the construction work started yesterday.”
	“Everything necessary for the Triton Project is in place, ready to go,” said Trixi.
	“I ain't leaving until we find our guys,” Dan snapped, lighting a cigarette.
	“In which case I shall have to ask you to supervise construction at the site,”Jamie turned to Trixi. “Dan is more than capable of running things here at Sanctuary.”
	“I'm not so sure,” Trixi replied. “He seems a little emotional.”
	“He seems a lot emotional, but that's understandable,” Jamie replied, kindly. “I'll keep an eye on him, you get hold of JD and K, go with them and begin work on building Mankind a new home.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” Trixi saluted.

***

	Blayze made herself comfortable in the easy chair, in front of a huge wooden desk. Behind the desk sat another woman, dressed similarly, but it was clear that she was of much higher rank than Blayze.
	“I see from your mission report that there was no sign of insurgents at the given location,” She stated.
	“That is correct Ma'am,” Blayze replied. “It was just a couple of Breeders.”
	“So I see.” She shuffled the papers in front of her before continuing. “We may have a problem. A week or so ago, our long range scanners picked up a small vessel on what appears to be a reconnaissance mission. The vessel orbited one of the former colonies for around half an hour, before it vanished without a trace.”
	“Settlers?” Blayze asked, putting her feet up on the desk.
	“That is most likely, although they appeared to be incredibly advanced. It was certainly no race with which we have relations.” She paused, and once more shuffled her papers, before continuing, but now her voice was much less authoritative. 	“Blayze I hate to ask you to do this, especially at this time with the war at such a critical point, but we cannot afford to fight a war on yet another front, we are stretched beyond all reason as it is.” She reached out for Blayze's hand, and grasped it tightly. “You are our most decorated operative, and for that reason I am sending you in on your own to determine if these settlers pose a threat. You will be going deep undercover, deeper than you have ever been before.”
	“I can handle it,” Blayze smiled gently. “You know you only have to ask, Marley, I'd go to the end of the world for you.”
	“You might well have to go further,” Marley replied, matching Blayze's smile. “You might not return from this one.”
	“I understand,” Blayze replied sincerely. 
	“We have the co-ordinates of what we believe to be their home world, but of course there is a chance that we are incorrect,” Marley continued. “You will be sent through in a short range craft, which if we have the co-ordinates wrong, should give you just enough air to reach a planet with a breathable atmosphere.”
	“I'm going through the transporter?” Blayze asked, a tinge of worry evident in her voice. 
	“I am assured that the kinks have been ironed out,” replied Marley, smiling understandingly at Blayze. “Tests indicate an eighty-seven percent survival rate.”
	“I'd be much happier if that was a hundred percent,” said Blayze.
	“So would I,” Marley replied. “So would I.”

***

	“There's a report of a vampire attack just coming in Sir,” Mike turned to Dan. “It's local.”
	“I'm on it,” Dan replied, stubbing his cigarette out in the already overflowing ashtray. “Keep up with the search.”
	“Yes Sir,” Mike replied. “What about backup?”
	“Good point,” Dan paused. Most of Sanctuary's personnel were on board the Triton Project, getting ready to make their way to the relocation site. “Janey, Sara,” Dan spoke into the com. “You girls want some action?”
	“We're on our way,” Janey replied after a few seconds. “What we got?”
	“We got a vampire party to crash,” Dan replied as he lit another cigarette. “I'll meet you out front.”
	He left the building, his sword strapped to his back and it was not long before Janey and Sara joined him outside. They made their way to the location of the attack, the silence only interrupted by the occasional profanity.
	“We're getting close,” said Dan as he halted abruptly. “I'm gonna' go straight in through the front door, you two take the back way.”
	“Who told you that?” Janey chuckled.
	“What?” Dan asked, not really listening.
	“Nothing,” Janey replied hurriedly. “How many vamps are we looking at?”
	“I'm not sure,” Dan replied. “Nothing we can't handle though, now go.”
	Dan watched as the two sisters ran off, and once they were out of sight he gave them a ten count before he set off himself. He reached the house quickly and drew his sword. Counting to three under his breath he kicked the door in and it swung open.
	“Guess we're expected,” he muttered. Once inside the house it quickly became apparent that there were no vampires, nor was there evidence of any. A few moments later Janey and Sara came barging in the back door, their weapons drawn.
	“You work fast,” Sara said, looking at Dan.
	“The house is how I found it,” Dan replied, before speaking into the com. “Mike, who put the call in about this attack?”
	“No idea,” Mike replied. “Anonymous call.”
	“Thanks,” replied Dan, cutting the transmission. “Looks like we can go home girls.”
	The three of them exited through the front door.
	“Couldn't resist a vampire attack, eh?” Trayn was standing about halfway down the path that lead to the street. “I guess things don't change.”
	“Man,” Dan smiled. “Where the fuck of you been?”
	“Making friends,” Trayn replied, a glint in his eye, as out of nowhere Alice appeared from behind Trayn.
	“I thought you said we were gonna' have some fun,” she said playfully, as she stroked Trayn's chest.
	“Alice,” Dan was almost ecstatic, and then it hit him. There was something not quite right about his friends.
	“They're...” Janey said quietly under her breath, but Dan cut in.
	“Fucking vampires,” he almost shouted. “What the fuck?”
	“Well done,” Trayn mocked, clasping his hands together. “Now before we do this... well actually we aren't gonna' do this, see me and Alice, we're not stupid enough to get into a fight with the three of you.”
	“I'm not certain you have a choice,” Sara said as she drew her weapon once more.
	“Oh we do,” Trayn replied. “We brought some friends along to keep you occupied while we get outta' here.”
	As Trayn spoke several vampires appeared from the shadows.
	“I'm sure you won't have a problem dispensing of these guys, but think of the damage that we could do before you're finished.”
	Trayn and Alice turned and ran, and at the same time the remaining vampires attacked.

***

	Reaching a decision, Pete grabbed what he needed, threw a grenade into the galley and leapt over the rail. The cruiser exploded behind him as he hit the water. Without looking back he began to swim in what he hoped was the right direction, but he figured so long as he did not end up coming to shore in the United States, he would be OK.

***

	Blayze stared straight ahead, her eyes fixed on a point a few inches above the dash. She could hear instructions being fed to her over the radio but she wasn't really listening. Instead she tried to come to terms with the fact that she might never see her home again. A single tear rolled slowly down her cheek. She wiped it away. It had no right to be there.
	Coming out of her trance-like state she realised that the countdown had been engaged. She flicked a couple of switches and checked her life support readings. Everything looked OK, and she hit the accelerator in readiness for the trip through the transporter.
	A dull red light encompassed her craft, which subsided after a slight juddering and her view screen was filled with a planet. She quickly realised that she had materialised too close to the atmosphere of the planet, but upon checking the co-ordinates she knew she was in the right place.
	She hit the reverse thrusters in an effort to slow her descent, but all this meant was that she was now accelerating a little less. Blayze waited until she was five thousand feet above the surface of the planet before she ejected.
	She was shot out of the craft at a high velocity and as her parachute opened, she watched as far below the craft that she had been sat in a few moments ago exploded on impact.
	“That's fucking great,” she muttered, the cold air rushing up at her. “But, I guess it could be worse.”

***

	Out of breath, Dan ran in the direction of Sanctuary with Janey and Sara hot on his tail. He had tried to make contact but had thus far been able to raise no one. He did not want to entertain the thoughts running through his head. If Trayn and Alice had made it back to Sanctuary, a more likely scenario as time went on, everything that the team had worked toward in the past few months would have been in vain.
	By now The Triton Project had left this galaxy, along with it the five star ships brought by Sara Bates and Ged from the alternate dimension, and almost anyone who was capable of putting up a fight.
	If Dan had to guess what Trayn’s move would be, he would say that his former friend will attack Sanctuary, probably killing all who remained there in the process. Then he would take possession of the Marie Celeste and head for the relocation site, and then who knew what would happen?

***

Pete leapt from the side of the boat as it docked. He'd been picked up by the small trawler a few hours ago, having been much closer to his destination than he thought. He turned as he ran and hurriedly waved a thank you to the vessel’s Captain. As he ran he tried his communications device once more. It had gotten soaked during his time spent in the water and he hoped that once it was dry it work. He set it to all broadcast, and spoke.
“Anyone receiving?” he asked. “Is anyone out there?” His breathing was shallow, and he stopped running for a moment in an attempt to catch his breath. “Anyone?”
“What's your location?” A familiar voice came over the com.
“I’m not entirely sure, the south coast somewhere,” Pete replied. “It’s good to hear your voice mate.”
	“Pete?” Dan asked.
	“Yes mate it’s me,” Pete replied.
	“You.” Pete heard a female voice behind him, and turned to see who had addressed him. He saw a very attractive woman dressed in some sort of military uniform. Her jet black hair was pulled back tightly, and despite its best efforts her uniform did little to hide the fact that she was not lacking in the chest area.
	“I’ll call you back mate,” Pete said as he cut the transmission. “Can I help you?” he asked the woman.
	“Where am I?” The question was snapped rather than asked.
	“The south coast of England,” Pete replied. “Who are you?”
	“You do not ask questions, Breeder,” she snapped again, the look on her face one of pure disgust.
	“Breeder?” Pete said, taken aback. “What the hell are you on about?”
	“Stop asking questions!” she yelled. “You are a Breeder, your role in life is nothing more than that of insemination, you do not ask questions.”
	“Look lady, I dunno where you’re from but you’re fucking crazy.” Pete raised his voice. He really did not have time for this. “So why don’t we start from the beginning, what’s your name and where do you come from?”
	“I am Blayze, a special operative in the army of Calas,” Blayze replied reluctantly.
	“A long way from home then?” Pete asked.
	“Yes,” Blayze replied. “Who are you?”
	“I’m Pete,” Pete replied. “An immortal.”
	“A warrior?” asked Blayze, her voice ever calming.
	“Amongst other things,” Pete replied. “Listen I really don’t have much time, I must reach my friends.”
	“Where are they?” Blayze asked.
	“I was in the process of finding out before you interrupted,” Pete replied with a smile. “Give me a minute.” He turned away from Blayze and spoke into the com. “Dan, come in.”
	“I’m here,” Dan replied. “Everything OK?”
	“For now,” Pete replied. “Where are you?”
	“Nottingham,” said Dan. “You gotta' ship?”
	Pete looked at Blayze, who shook her head.
	“No mate, shit outta’ luck,” he sighed.
	“Get up here as soon as you can, shit's got fucked up,” replied Dan as he cut the transmission. Pete turned to Blayze.
	“You coming with?” he asked.
	“I shall allow you to accompany me,” replied Blayze with a smirk.
	“I guess that’ll have to do,” said Pete. “We need a car.”

***

	Cautiously, Dan pushed open Sanctuary’s main entrance door. He didn’t need to see what had happened inside. Before he could step through the door he could smell the blood.
	He reached a little, and turned around in order to catch his breath and saw both Janey and Sara violently throwing up. He waited for them to finish and offered around cigarettes, hoping that the smell of the smoke would at least make the stench inside more bearable, but it did not.
	“These aren’t just random people,” Sara cried. “These are people we only saw a few hours ago, these were our friends.”
	“I know,” Dan replied. “It’s hard to take but we gotta’ stay strong, it’s what they all woulda' wanted.”
	“I’ll see if any systems are still operational,” said Janey as she gently moved Mike’s bloody corpse out of the way.
	“Keep me informed,” replied Dan. “You two stay down here, I’m gonna’ see if we still have a ship.” Dan turned and bounded up the stairs taking three or four at a time. He fished in his pocket for the Marie Celeste’s cloak remote and pulled it out. He pressed the button, but nothing happened. He tried several times before he finally accepted that his beloved ship was no longer there.
	“It’s gone?” Janey asked. “Well so has everything else, we’re blind.”
	“Should we try and get hold of the Prime Minister?” Sara asked.
	“Fuck the Prime Minister,” Dan snapped. “Just because we’re a few hundred years into our own past doesn’t mean that we have to do things differently.”
	He paused, and took a deep breath. “Now, there is just us and Pete, everybody else is either dead, or a few hundred light years away and unreachable without a seriously powerful booster for our radios.”
	“I believe I may be able to help.” All three turned at the voice and looked toward the newcomer.
	“Thomas,” Dan said, walking up to the man and shaking his hand. “It’s good to see you, sorry about the mess.”
	“No need to apologise,” Thomas replied. “I came as soon as I heard that Trayn had been turned,”
	“You heard about that?” Janey asked.
	“There isn’t much I don’t hear about,” Thomas replied with a smile. “And on that note, I am sorry for your loss, all of your losses.”
	“Thanks,” Dan replied. “But it ain’t over yet.”
	“Indeed,” Thomas replied. “Which is where I believe I come in. I have had a team working over the past few months on a drive similar in nature to your Half-Light Drive. The technology is of course nowhere near as advanced as that, but the results are pleasing nonetheless.”
	“It’s a start, but a drive is useless without a ship,” replied Dan.
	“We have a ship,” Thomas continued. “A small vessel, granted but a ship is a ship. In fact that is how I arrived here.”
	“You have it with you?” Dan beamed.
	“Yes,” replied Thomas. “There is something else you need to know before you go racing off.”
	“What’s that?” Sara asked.
	“Echidna and the Order of the White Witches have already arrived in the new system we are soon to call home,” Thomas replied.
	“How?” Dan asked.
	“I do not know how they learned of our plans, I do know however that they made their way there using magic,” Thomas explained.
	“Then we got no time to lose,” Dan said, lighting a cigarette. “As far as Trixi and Co are concerned, that solar system is uninhabited.”
	“Indeed,” Thomas replied. “The greatest of haste must be used.”
	“Pete where are you?” Dan spoke into the com.
	“We’re on our way,” Pete replied. 
	“We?” Dan asked, a little surprised. “Well whatever, stay where you are, we’re gonna’ pick you up.”
	“No worries,” Pete replied. Dan cut the transmission, and turned to Thomas.
	“Let’s see this ship of yours then, eh?” he said with a smile. With a brief stop in the armoury, Thomas lead the way outside and a little way along the canal bank.
	“What do you think?” Thomas asked after a few moments.
	“She looks good,” Dan replied. “Looks like you got hold of the design schematics used on the Reaper,”
	“Well, actually…” Thomas began.
	“There really ain't nothing you can’t get hold of, eh?” Dan asked, patting Thomas on the shoulder. “Are you joining us?”
	“Count me in,” Thomas smiled. “I could use some action.”
	
***
	
	“Why do we have to wait?” Blayze asked impatiently.
	“Really not used to taking orders, are you?” Pete laughed.
	“Not from a Breeder, no,” replied Blayze.
	“Look, you need to cut that shit out,” said Pete.
	“Things are unfamiliar,” Blayze paused. “It takes a little getting used to.”
	“I get that,” Pete replied. “Change is hard to deal with, but we’re on the same side.” He offered Blayze a cigarette, which she took and put it into her mouth and began to chew. After a few seconds her bottom lip curled up and she spat a pulp of tobacco and paper onto the floor.
	“What is this?” she asked.
	“Well for a start it isn’t food.” Pete burst out laughing. He took a moment to regain his composure before he spoke again. “You smoke it, like this, watch.” Pete put the cigarette into his mouth and lit it. In haling deeply he filled his lungs, before breathing out the smoke through his nose and mouth. “See?”
	“What is the purpose of this?” Blayze asked, taking another cigarette from Pete.
	“It’s relaxing,” Pete explained. “And so very satisfying.” 	He watched as Blayze inhaled and straight away began to cough. She looked at Pete who nodded and took another drag on his own cigarette. She tried again, and this time managed to hold back the coughing fit until she had breathed out. “You’ll get there.”
	“I think your friends are here,” Blayze said, pointing toward the sky.
	Sure enough a ship was beginning its descent. The ship landed several feet away and it’s cargo bay ramp was lowered. Pete watched as Dan walked down the ramp and without saying a word put his arms around Pete.
	“Man I’m sorry about Tristian,” Pete said gently.
	“Don’t,” Dan said, his voice matching Pete's gentle tone. “I know it wasn’t you man.” 
	“Good,” Pete replied. “Hey, we're too manly for this.” Dan pulled away laughing.
	“It’s good to see you mate,” He said. “Who’s your friend?”
	“Blayze, Dan,” Pete introduced the two. “Dan, Blayze,” he paused, “she’s not from around here.”
	“Nice to meet you,” Dan held out his hand, and Blayze looked at it as if Dan had forgotten to use toilet paper. “I see what you mean.”
	“So what’s new?” Pete asked.
	“Got a sword,” Dan replied, unsheathing his sword and showing it to Pete. “You?”
	“Died,” Pete replied.
	“Sweet,” Dan smiled. “Now what you say we all go kick some bad guy arse?”


Chapter Fourteen
Big Fucking Heroes


	Trixi sat upon a rock and looked down at the lush valley below. A river meandered its way through the thick forest, only be visible when the foliage occasionally broke.
	Building work was to take place only in those areas that were clear of forest, which meant that most settlements would be on mountain sides above the tree line.
	"Beautiful, ain't it?" JD came and stood beside her.
	"It really is," she replied.
	"Work ain't far off starting," he said after a few moments.
	"Good," Trixi replied, unable to tear her eyes from the gorgeous view below. "When the Captains are ready, tell them that they can head back to Earth and pick up the next wave."
	"Yes Ma'am," JD replied. "Where do you want me?"
	"In orbit," said Trixi, finally turning her head towards him. "I don't want us to be caught with our pants down."
	"The fighters are battle ready Ma'am. Whatever's comin', we're prepared," JD replied, and then immediately wished he had chosen his words more carefully. "I've jinxed us, haven't I?"
	"Probably," Trixi smiled. "But what the fuck, right?"
	"Sir, we may have a problem," JD's com beeped into life.
	"Go ahead," JD sighed, mouthing the words, 'told you', to Trixi.
	"The Marie Celeste has appeared in orbit around one of the suns, and is not responding to our hails," the voice on the other end of the com explained.
	"It's probably just the gravitational effects of two stars fucking up the coms," JD replied. "I'll get K to look into finding a solution."
	"That's not all Sir." There was a pause, a much longer pause than JD would've liked. "The life signs we're picking up on board, they aren't human."

***

	"Can't we get anything else out of this?" Dan asked impatiently. "The Marie Celeste will be there by now."
	"We are travelling inordinately fast," Thomas replied. "We will arrive in less than four hours."
	"Sorry," replied Dan, looking slightly sheepish. 
	"No need to apologise,” said Thomas. “Now I don't know about you but I would like to learn more about Blayze."
	"Good call," Dan replied.
	He and Thomas left the galley and headed for the bridge. Pete was piloting the vessel, with Janey and Sara's assistance. Blayze was poring over the navigational display.
	"These systems," she said quietly. "They look so familiar."
	"You been here before?" Dan asked.
	"No," Blayze replied, turning to face Dan. "But I know them. I think we are currently in Sporallian territory."
	"You know of the Sporallians?" Dan asked, a little shocked.
	"Know of them?" Blayze scoffed. "My people have been waging war on the Sporallians for centuries."
	"That is interesting," Thomas said, a small smile on his face. "There was an attempt by the Sporallians to colonise our world not too long ago." He paused for a moment and looked at Dan, who nodded. "One of our number was taken as a host."
	"She is now dead?" Blayze asked, bluntly.
	"Yes," Dan replied, a faraway look in his eyes. "She was my lover."
	"I'm sorry," replied Blayze. "It was not my intention to stir up those memories. I too have lost many friends to the Sporallians."
	"Those memories are always with me," Dan smiled weakly. "I guess we got more in common than you thought."
	"So it seems," replied Blayze. "The Sporallians number in the trillions, it will not be easy to defeat them."
	"Yeah?" Dan replied. "You ain't had me on your side until now." He stared defiantly at Blayze.
	She thought that Dan was joking, that no one could be that arrogant. When she replied she chose her words carefully.
	"You have a great amount of confidence for one who is yet to face the Sporallians in battle."
	"And rightly so," Thomas interrupted.
	"Meaning?" Blayze asked, taken aback.
	"Meaning," Pete began. "That he really is that fucking good!"
	"I see," replied Blayze. "I should very much like to see you in action."
	"You will," Dan smiled. "But let's focus on one problem at a time. We gotta' stop Trayn and Alice."
	"Indeed," said Blayze. "Where is this system you are colonising?" She bent over the navigational display as Thomas pointed out the binary system that Mankind was to soon call home. After studying the display for a few minutes, she spoke. "It was you."
	"I'm sorry?" Dan asked. "What was us?"
	"This system here," Blayze pointed straight at the system Thomas had pointed out to her moments ago. "This was once a colony of my people, we gave it up because it was too close to Sporallian territory. You were detected by the long range scanners used on my home world."
	"So that's why you came to Earth?" Pete asked.
	"Yes," replied Blayze. "It was determined that you may have been a threat to us, and we did not want to find ourselves fighting war on yet another front. I was to infiltrate your people to discover if this was the case."
	"Well I hope by now you realise we're on your side?" Janey asked.
	"I do," Blayze smiled. "And for that I am grateful."
	
***

	"Marie Celeste," the officer in charge attempted to communicate with the vessel. "Marie Celeste, this is the Triton Project, please respond."
	"Still no response?" JD asked as he arrived on the bridge. A fighter had picked him up from the moon and brought him straight back to the gigantic space station.
	"No Sir," the officer saluted.
	"Don't attempt to make contact again," JD replied. "The readings are clearly correct and those on board must not be human, else they would have tried to contact us themselves. We don't want to compromise our position further."
	"Sir," replied the officer. "What is our next move?" Out of the corner of his eye he saw an orange light flashing on the display. "Incoming message, Sir."
	"Put it on screen," JD replied. The officer did so, and Dan's face appeared on screen. "Hello mate."
	"Ah thank fuck," Dan sighed with relief. "You're still alive."
	"Last time I checked," replied JD. "What's wrong?"
	"Trayn and Alice have taken the Marie Celeste and we figured they're headed this way," Dan replied. 
	"The Marie Celeste is currently in orbit around one of the stars," JD replied. "But the life signs on board aren't human."
	"They won't be," Dan replied. "They've both been vamped."
	"Ah man," JD paused for a moment. "Wait, is that Pete I can see in the background?"
	"It's me all right mate," Pete smiled.
	"Come aboard," JD said. "There's plenty of room to dock."
	"We're about twenty minutes out mate," Dan replied. "See you soon." The transmission ended, and the screen was blank.

***

	“What do you want to do?” JD asked. He and Dan had taken refuge in a small, unused office. 
	“I want my fucking ship back man,” Dan replied. “At the end of the day I know that they used to be our friends, but not any more.” He paused to light a cigarette. “They're fucking demons.”
	“If we launch an attack we risk losing the Marie Celeste all together,” said JD.
	“Then I go aboard,” Dan said, a smile spreading across his face. “I go on board alone, but I want a couple of fighters to back me up, just in case things get ugly.”
	“You sure?” JD asked, as ever unsure about his friends sanity. Their conversation was interrupted by a frantic knocking on the office door. “Yes?” The door opened hurriedly and a red-faced man entered.
	“Sir we have just received a distress call,” He said breathlessly.
	“From who?” Dan asked.
	“One of the star ships headed back to Earth,” The man replied. “They dropped out of hyperspace...” he paused before continuing. “It was an ambush Sir, we've lost one of the ships.” Dan was running out of the door before the man had finished speaking.
	“We need my fucking ship for this,” he shouted as he ran. “I'm gonna' get her back.”

***

	Dan strapped himself into the cockpit of the first fighter he came across, and hurriedly began his pre-flight checks. Had he not looked up he wouldn't have noticed JD and Pete, both clambering into fighters on either side of him.
	“What the fuck are you two doing?” he asked.
	“If you think we're letting you go this alone then you got another thing coming,” replied JD.
	“Leave Trayn to me.”
	His checks complete, Dan put the fighter in gear and hit the button to open the bay doors. The fighter lifted off from the deck slightly and sped out through the doors, which were hardly open, and into the blackness of space. He waited until he could see Pete and JD on his radar before he spoke.
	“How many of these fighters you reckon we can get in the cargo bay on the Marie Celeste?”
	“Eight,” Pete replied. “Maybe nine.”
	“Nine fighters against whoever ambushed that star ship?” JD laughed. “Sounds like your kinda' odds man.”
	“Too right,” Dan replied, pushing the fighter to its limits. “Too fucking right.”
***

	Dan neared the Marie Celeste, and as he did so he remote activated the cargo bay doors. He slowed right down and waited for Pete and JD to catch him before he opened the doors, and the three fighters crawled inside. The three friends jumped out of their respective fighters and landed silently on the floor. Their presence didn't appear to have been detected.
	“Radio silence,” Dan whispered. “Let's be as quick as we can.”
	He pointed JD and Pete in the direction of the engine room and the galley to search for Alice. He knew where Trayn would be, and headed for the bridge himself. As he stalked the corridors, he silently drew his sword. 
	“I wondered how long it'd take you to show up,” Trayn's voice boomed down the corridor, but Dan could still not see him. “You here to teach me the error of my ways?”
	“I was planning on killing you to be honest,” Dan replied with a smile. “No offence, it's just the way it is.”
	“No offence taken,” Trayn replied. “But do you honestly think you can kill me?”
	“Almost done it once before,” Dan said quietly.
	“Yes you did,” Trayn replied coldly. “I was human then. Now, I am not.”
	“Makes it all the more easy for me to finish the job this time,” Dan replied as he entered the bridge. Quickly looking around he noticed that everything was exactly where it should be. Apparently the Marie Celeste's captors had not got around to remodelling yet. Trayn was sat in the pilot's chair, his back to Dan.
	“Man, you ain't even trying. You know why I'm here, so let's fight.”
	“As you wish,” Trayn replied.
	In a split second he leapt over the back of the chair and covered the twenty feet to Dan, and was now standing nose to nose with his former friend.
	“You want a taste?” Dan asked, smiling almost maniacally. He brought his right arm around and caught Trayn on the temple, sending the vampire sprawling.
	He quickly got to his feet and retaliated, landing blow after blow about Dan's head. Once again Dan brought his right arm around, this time catching Trayn under his chin.
	The vampire was sent flying through the air, landing in a heap on the floor.
	“You still fight like a fucking girl.”
	The comment angered Trayn, and he let out a yell as he ran at Dan who in one quick movement side-stepped and brought his sword around with his left arm decapitating Trayn, front to back.
	He spat on the headless body of the vampire and turned to leave the bridge in order to aid Pete and JD when out of nowhere Alice jumped him, knocking him to the floor and straddling him. 	“How come I get both of you?” Dan asked as he struggled. He freed an arm and pushed Alice off him.
	“Oh come on,” Alice cooed as she stood up. “You've been dying to do me.”
	“Not really,” Dan replied as he threw his sword up in the air. He watched as Alice's eyes followed the sword as it flew in an arc toward her, and then he ran at her, catching his sword and driving it right into her skull. He removed his sword and wiped the blade clean on his sleeve, before speaking into the com. “Ready when you are guys.”
	“What d'you mean?” Pete replied after a few seconds. 
	“I mean we're two vampires down,” replied Dan. “the Marie Celeste is ours.” 

***

	“I hope that's you guys,” Trixi said into the com as she watched the Marie Celeste approach.
	“We got her back,” Dan replied. “Open up, we got work to do.”

***

	“They're gaining,” Ged yelled, as yet another missile hit. Fires sprung up all over the ship, and both her primary and secondary weapons were inactive.
	“Shields to seven percent Sir,” a voice could be heard over the din. “Another one like that and we're done for.”
	“We have to do something Sir.” Sara had no choice but to yell, despite the fact she was stood right next to Ged. “We have to do something now!”
	A missile exploded several feet away from the vessel and caused her to jolt violently, knocking Sara from her feet and she hit her head on the console.
	“Sara!” Ged shouted. She got unsteadily to her feet, a huge gash on her forehead spilling blood.
	“I'm going out there,” she said as she wiped her own blood out of her eyes.
	“That's suicide,” Ged replied. “You're not going anywhere except the infirmary.”
	“We're probably gonna' die anyway, what difference does it make if it's on a bed with a drip in me, or out there kicking some arse?” Sara stared defiantly into Ged's eyes.
	“Go,” Ged replied, knowing that there was no way the woman, once his mentor, would back down. “Get yourself ready, I'm gonna' try and make things easier for you. If we're staying to fight we may as well do it properly.”
	He watched Sara make her way unsteadily off the bridge, before he flicked the com button.
	“This is your Captain speaking. Just to let you know, shit's gonna' get a little rough. I want all available personnel to the fighter bay. We're gonna' show these bastards who they're messing with.” He cut the transmission and wiped away the sweat that was pouring down his face. “Take us around the back,” he shouted to his pilot.
	“Sir?”
	“I want to get behind them,” Ged replied. “Do it now.”
	“Sir, that's insane,” the pilot protested. “They'll see it coming and counter it.”
	“Yes,” Ged conceded. “I suppose you're right, it is insane.”
	He left his post in the centre of the bridge and walked over to where his pilot was sat. “What's your name son?”
	“Simon,” Simon replied. “But most people call me Si,”
	“Well Si, I'm sorry about this.”
	“Sorry for what Sir?” Si wished he had never asked, as Ged swung his right arm around, catching him on the side of his face. He fell unconscious to the floor.
	“For that,” Ged said quietly as he slipped into the now vacant pilot's chair and flicked on the com. “Hold onto your joysticks.”
	He took hold of the controls and pulled them towards him. He wasn't sure if a vessel this size was capable of pulling off such a tight loop, but things were getting desperate and he was running out of ideas.
	It was working. Ged could see on the display in front of him that the vessel was beginning to loop, and her attackers were yet to alter course. Ged kept the controls steady, and the vessel continued. She was almost half way through the manoeuvre before she started to shake violently.
	“She's gonna' fall apart,” a voice yelled.
	“Bullshit!” Ged yelled in response. “She'll hold a little longer, and that's all we need.” He flicked the com switch once more. “Sara you better be ready.”
	“Yes Sir,” Sara replied.
	“Good,” Ged paused. “I'm just gonna' give a little boost.” He reached out and his hand hovered over a button no different to the rest on the console in front of him, closed his eyes and pressed it.
	The resulting G-Force pushed him back into his seat and he barely managed to keep the vessel steady, but he did and watched the display until it indicated they were almost directly behind the attacking vessel.
	“Go, go, fucking go!” He yelled into the com. A light flashed on the dash indicating that the fighters were leaving the bay, and Ged breathed a deep sigh of relief. He lit a cigarette. “Good hunting.”
	He kept the com open, wanting to hear exactly what was going on. He could hear Sara taking charge.
	“Everyone on me,” she said calmly. “Remember the golden rule. Don't fucking die.”

***

	The Marie Celeste exited the hangar with a full compliment of crew borrowed from the Triton Project. Her cargo bay had been emptied of everything, and now contained only eight fighters.
	“Ready to go?” Dan asked, turning to JD.
	“Oh hell to the yes,” replied his friend. “Just like old times.”
	“Ready to engage Half-Light,” Dan spoke into the com.
	“Hit it,” K replied. “I'll meet you in the cargo bay.”
	Dan cut the transmission and engaged the Half-Light Drive, transporting the Marie Celeste instantly through Time and Space.
	“Whoa, what the fuck have we interrupted?” Dan yelled, having to use evasive manoeuvres the second the Marie Celeste materialised. “Looks like a big fucking battle.”
	“Dan, is that you?” a voice came over the com.
	“Ged, looks like you guys could use a hand,” Dan replied, laughing.
	“I hope that's why you're here?”

	“Too fucking right, matey,” Dan replied. “Give us a minute, and we'll get that big nasty ship out of your way.”
	“Sir we have more enemy cruisers closing in,” said Janey, looking up momentarily from the navigation console. “They're coming in fast.”
	“Then we better get this bitch outta' the way,” Dan lit a cigarette. “Ged, get your fighters out of there.”
	“That might be easier said than done, Sara's out there having way too much fun,” Ged replied.
	“Guess we'll have to do this the hard way,” said Pete as he got up and ran towards the cargo bay, swiftly followed by JD, Dan and Blayze.
	“Janey do what you can to keep those cruisers off us,” Dan shouted as he ran out. “This won't take long.”
	Dan sped past Blayze, slapping her buttocks as he did so. “Come on,” he said with a smile as he turned his head. “You know this is gonna' be fun.”
	They arrived in the cargo bay and clambered into the four fighters closest to the doors.
	“Open up Janey,” Dan said over the com once they were ready. The doors opened in front of them and the four fighters left the bay.

***

	“Will somebody please get this piece of shit off my back,” Sara shouted through gritted teeth. “I can't shake him,” She wove this way and that in an attempt to lose her pursuer, but she was unable to do so. “He's got a lock on me.” Sara's console flashed and an alarm sounded, indicating her imminent demise. “Fuck!”
	She continued to try and shake her attacker, but she was not holding out much hope. She noticed a small blip on her radar, rapidly gaining on her and the pursuing fighter. As the blip got closer and closer, it released a volley of rail gun fire, and the fighter chasing her exploded in a small fireball. 
	“Now that was fun,” Dan's voice came over the com. “You need a hand?”
	Sara looked up and saw a fighter fly directly over the top of her.
	“Couldn't you have got here sooner?” Sara laughed. “Thanks for the save.”
	“No worries,” replied Dan. “We gotta' get outta' here though, there's more cruisers on the way.”
	“Like that one down there?” Sara asked, nodding downwards even though she knew Dan had no way of seeing this gesture.
	“Yeah,” Dan said. “We're gonna' nuke the shit outta' that, and head back to the Triton Project.”
	“But what about everyone on Earth?” Sara asked, as she spun her fighter around. 
	“One thing at a time,” Dan replied.
	He led the fighters back to the Marie Celeste and they docked, with just enough room for the four extra fighters.
	“Janey, tell Ged to head back the way he came, we'll meet him at the Triton Project.”
	“Yes Sir,” Janey replied.
	Dan watched the monitor as Ged turned, and entered hyper-space.
	“How long do we have before the rest of the cruisers reach this location?” Sara asked.
	“Not long,” Dan replied. “But we'll be well out of the way by that time.”
	“Ready to launch Sir.” K's voice came over the com.
	“Then get that thing outta' the way,” Dan ordered. “Fire!” 	The Marie Celeste fired the nuclear warhead straight at the cruiser.
	“What about its shields?” Pete asked.
	“They don't use them,” Blayze replied. “They're pretty much the power around these parts, even my people do not have the capacity to take out one of their cruisers.”
	“Then I guess it's a good thing we came along,” Dan smiled, lighting a cigarette. “That nuke's about to hit, we gotta' leave.” He hit the Half-Light, and the Marie Celeste was transported instantly to the space surrounding the Triton Project.

***

	Dan smiled as he listening to his friends talking amongst themselves. It'd been some time since any of them had felt relaxed enough to let their hair down a little and they were doing so now, with completely insignificant subjects being the topic of conversation.
	He would occasionally interject with a sarcastic comment or a witty remark, but was more than happy simply to listen. The conversation continued for several minutes until Trixi and JD arrived in the galley, and the meeting could at last begin. 
	“What’s the plan, Ma’am?” Dan asked, as the chatter subsided. 
	“We carry on doing what we’re doing,” Trixi replied after a few seconds. “The Sporallians will make their way here, I’m sure of that but we can’t waste any time. We have to get everyone from Earth and bring them here, and we must do it quickly.” 
	“I hear that, but we only got the Marie Celeste capable of making the trip undetected,” said Dan as he lit a cigarette. 
	“I may have a solution to that,” K spoke up. She paused and saw JD smiling proudly at her. She hesitated as she felt a hand rest gently on her thigh. Glancing to her left she saw that the hand belonged to Blayze. 
	“Well?” Trixi asked impatiently. K quickly looked up, directly at Trixi. 
	“The Half-Light Drive,” she blurted out. “I can build a drive for each of the remaining star ships.” 
	“That’ll mean going back to Earth,” said JD, a slight look of concern upon his face. “We have only one star ship here.” 
	“I shall accompany her,” said Blayze, gently. “Apart from anything else it will give me a chance to learn a little more about the culture of your people first hand.” 
	“How long do you need?” Trixi asked, turning to face K.
	“Three or four days and the drives should be ready to fit,” K replied. She could still feel Blayze’s hand on her thigh. 
	“You better get to work then,” replied Trixi. 
	“You want me in the sky?” Dan asked, stubbing out his cigarette and lighting another right away. 
	“You know it,” Trixi replied with a smile. “You and Pete take the Marie Celeste and stand guard.” 
	“Yes Ma’am.” 
	“The rest of you, you’re with me,” said Trixi, catching the cigarette as Dan threw it at her. “We’ve got a lot of work to do.”

***

	“You reckon we’ll get everyone from Earth?” Pete asked. He and Dan were currently in a high orbit around the two suns.
	“Don’t be fucking silly,” Dan laughed. “For a start you’ll get the crazies who wanna’ stay, just in case the hypernova is a hoax. But it’s a tall order, evacuating a planet as populous as Earth.” 
	“Probably for the best anyway,” replied Pete. “Anyone crazy enough to stay deserves whatever they get.” 
	“Too right,” Dan agreed, as an image flashed up on the screen for a second. “Hey what the fuck was that?” 
	“What was what?” asked Pete, who had not seen anything. 
	“On screen,” replied Dan. “What did you do?” 
	“Nothing,” Pete protested. “I just rested my arms here like…” He cut himself off as once again and image flashed on the screen, only this time it did not disappear. “Is that..?” 
	“Sanctuary,” Dan replied softly. “Whatever you did has activated the security feed.” 
	“It looks like this was the last security feed before... well you know...” Pete didn't want to finish the sentence.
	The two friends watched in silent horror as Trayn and Alice entered the building, and set about destroying everything and everyone inside. There was no sound, but none was needed. Any accompanying sound would have ruined it somehow, made it less poignant and besides the message was clear and that message was from Echidna. She had orchestrated the attack on Alice that had made her a vampire, and Echidna had known the first thing a newly made vampire would do is lash out at the thing that had made them most human, which in Alice and Trayn’s case meant Sanctuary and everyone they knew.
	The feed became a mass of static and white noise, but neither Dan or Pete looked away. They both knew what must be done. 
	“You know, watching that,” Pete began after what felt like an eternity. “I think Echidna had something to do with killing my fellow immortals. I mean it’s clear that she wanted to tie up loose ends, and getting all of us out of the way certainly comes under that headline.” 
	“You’re probably right,” Dan replied with a lump in his throat. “Looks like you and me are going hunting man.” 
	“Back to Earth?” Pete asked. 
	“I don’t think we’ll find Echidna there, I reckon she’s already here,” replied Dan as he lit a cigarette. 
	“Why haven’t our detectors picked her up?” Pete paused. “I mean if she is here…” 
	“She’ll have at least one witch with her, which means she’ll have some sort of cloak,” Dan stopped, and took a deep drag on his cigarette. “It must be the Order.”
	“I thought they were good witches?” Pete asked.
	“They used to be,” Dan replied. “That is until Jemma kicked Anna out and took over.”
	“We should take Anna with us,” Pete suggested. “If Echidna has a former charge of hers, then she may come in very useful.”
	“I think you're right,” Dan stubbed out his cigarette. “Engaging Half-Light.”
	The Marie Celeste disappeared from her orbit around the two suns, and instantly reappeared in the space surrounding the Triton Project.

***

	Jefferson Plank, Mayor of Two Rivers sat alone in his spacious office, puffing on an astronomically expensive cigar. Two Rivers was doing well. The last couple of years had been extremely productive indeed and the population of Two Rivers was currently second highest in the system, beaten to the top spot only by Alpha, the city which covered the majority of the surface of the planet of the same name. Thirty-eight percent of the inhabitants of the system were residents of Two Rivers, and Prima itself was quickly becoming a very rich planet indeed.
	History, though, told Jefferson Plank that things had been too good for too long. He was thinking about how lucky they had been not to have seen any trouble for a while when his phone rang.
	“Yes,” he answered as he hit the speaker phone button.
	“Sir, something has appeared in the sky.” His personal assistant, Miss Seline Smith was on the other end.
	“What do you mean, Seline?” Jefferson asked. “What has appeared in the sky?”
	“A black hole Sir,” replied Seline. She was the former aide of President Witter and had helped bring down his regime. She knew what she was talking about.
	“Are you sure?”
	“Yes Sir,” Seline replied. “I am.”
	“Do you know what this means, Seline?” Jefferson Plank asked.
	“Yes Sir,” Seline replied. Although Jefferson could not see her face, he knew she was smiling. “It means they're coming home.”  

***

	Dan stalked down the corridor towards the bridge on board the Triton Project followed by Pete. It was all the immortal could do to keep up.
	“You've seen it then?” Dan asked as he arrived on the bridge, and waited for a reply.
	“Yes,” Trixi replied after a few seconds.
	“And you get the same feeling I got?” Dan this time did not wait for an answer. “Echidna is in this system right now, and she has at least one witch with her.”
	“It's Yana,” Anna said. “I felt her presence while you were away.”
	“Are you sure?” Trixi asked.
	“I am, she was the only member of the Order who possessed anything like the power needed to hide Echidna from us for this long,” Anna paused. “They could have been here long before we arrived.”
	“Well we know they're here now,” Dan said, turning to Anna. “Can you find them?”
	“I think so,” Anna replied. “I mean I'm pretty sure I know where they are anyway.”
	“Then come with us,” ordered Dan. “She's gotta' die.”

***

	“Correct me if I'm wrong, Seline but should that black hole not be sucking us into it?” Jefferson Plank asked. “Now I know that astrophysics is not my number one subject, but that much is common knowledge.”
	“By rights I think it should be, yes,” Seline replied, “and I don't know why that is not the case Sir.”
	“And don't black holes form when a star collapses in on itself?” Jefferson asked. “I only ask because I'm looking out of the window right now, and neither sun appears to be missing.”
	“Well Sir, clearly something is wrong because every single reading we are getting from the anomaly suggests that it is a black hole,” replied Seline. “And despite any evidence that may suggest otherwise I am inclined to agree with the readings.” She paused to take a breath before continuing. “Call it instinct Sir.”
	“OK Seline, have General Ball put the Air Force on red alert, the second anything unauthorised appears through that black hole I want it destroyed.” Jefferson Plank picked up the hand set, and put it straight back down. Leaning back in his easy chair he put his hands to his head and ran his fingers through his hair.

***

	Dan, Pete and Anna made their way to the Marie Celeste, and upon reaching her they headed for the bridge.
	“We shouldn't be too long,” Dan said into the com. “At least I hope not.”
	“Good,” JD replied. “We don't have the Sporallians on our radar yet but I've had a word with Blayze and she seems to think they use a cloak.”
	“Can't you fuck around with the settings to get past that?” Pete asked.
	“Apparently not,” replied JD. “We've tried.”
	“Maybe they're just not coming,” Dan said.
	“Yeah, right,” JD laughed.
	“How's K getting on with the drives?” Anna asked.
	“She needs another day or so, but she thinks they'll only take a few minutes to fit once they're complete,” said Trixi. “I'm not happy about her only having Blayze for company on the trip back to Earth, so you got twenty-four hours before we need you back here.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” Dan replied, smiling. He cut the transmission and expertly guided the Marie Celeste through the fighter bay doors and out into the darkness of space.
	“You're up Anna, where is she?” Dan watched as Anna pored over the scanner. It did not take long before she pointed to a far out moon in a highly elliptical orbit. “You sure?”
	“Yes,” Anna appeared a little out of breath, but Dan thought nothing of it. “I'm sure.”
	“So, we go.”
	The Marie Celeste vanished from the space surrounding The Triton Project and reappeared instantly around the distant moon.
	“The southern hemisphere, there's a single continent down there that's just a big rainforest,” Anna said, her breathing getting shorter.
	“A rainforest so far from the suns?” asked Pete. “Guess the core burns fucking hot.”
	“I guess so,” replied Dan as he guided the Marie Celeste down. “Are you OK Anna?”
	“It's... Yana,” Anna panted. “She's... so... strong...”
	“Maybe we shoulda' brought Trixi instead,” Pete said quietly. 
	“I can handle it,” Anna snapped, turning to face Pete. As she looked into his eyes he saw they were jet black, glistening in the artificial light coming from the strip lighting on the bridge.
	“Easy girl,” Dan said calmly. “We need your A-Game, are you able?”
	“Yes,” Anna smiled, weakly. “I am.”
	“Good fucking job,” Dan smiled back as he lit a cigarette. “Whereabouts in this fucking rainforest do we need to be?”
	“It is being taken care of,” Anna said quietly.
	“What do you me...” Dan cut himself off as he realised he was no longer in control of the Marie Celeste, Anna was guiding the ship with her mind.
	“You know, I'm pleased for you finding your power like this, but you witches do freak me the fuck out sometimes.” He sat back as Anna took the ship down, heading for a clearing on the bank of one of the many rivers that dissected the rainforest. The Marie Celeste landed gently and immediately Dan got to his feet and followed by Pete, headed to the armoury.
	“That scare the shit outta' you as much as it did me?” Pete asked once the two of them were out of earshot of Anna.
	“Never seen her like that before man,” Dan smiled. “But she seems to be handling it, so as far as I'm concerned it's all good.”
	“For now,” replied Pete.
	“We'll keep an eye on her,” Dan said as they reached the armoury. He reached up and grabbed Betty, strapping the rocket launcher to his back.
	“You think this situation calls for a rocket launcher?” Pete asked as he picked up his sword and passed Dan his own.
	“Mate, I thought you knew me,” Dan paused. “Every situation calls for a rocket launcher.”

***

	The Marie Celeste cloaked, Dan, Pete and Anna headed off into the jungle. Anna lead the way and soon they were fighting their way through heavy undergrowth.
	“You know where you're going, right?” Pete asked. Anna said nothing but simply glared at Pete. She turned back in their direction of travel and spread her arms wide apart. They carried on walking but instead of struggling, they were now simply passing through the brush as if it was not there.
	“Nice trick,” Dan nodded approvingly. “How far?”
	“A few minutes,” Anna replied. “They'll be expecting us.”
	“Yeah,” replied Dan. “I was afraid of that.”



	K sat back and accepted the cigarette handed to her by Blayze.
	“Thanks,” she said, lighting the cigarette. She had finished ahead of schedule.
	“Are you done?” Blayze asked. She'd watched K work with much interest.
	“All that remains is to fit the drives to their respective ships,” replied K, hitting the com button. “Ready to attach drives Ma'am.”
	“Already?” Trixi's reply came back. “Well grab a few hours sleep, you're not heading to Earth until Dan returns, and that's not for another seventeen hours yet.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” K replied. “I'll fit the drive to the ship we have here and then...” K paused to allow herself to yawn before continuing. “...and then I'll grab some kip.”

***

	Anna led the way into a small clearing in the rainforest and stopped at its edge. Dan and Pete stood on either side of her, both wiping the sweat from their foreheads. Anna however did not appear to be sweating at all. Dan pulled one of his dreadlocks around from the back of his head and watched as a steady stream of moisture trickled from its end. 
	“I don't see anyone,” Pete said as he scanned the clearing.
	“Me either,” Dan agreed as he absent-mindedly twirled his dreadlock around his fingers.
	“You're not looking hard enough,” Anna said quietly. “I'm looking straight at both Echidna and Yana, although they do not seem to see any of us.”
	“Then that works out well for us,” Dan replied, letting his lock fall back into place and swinging Betty around. “Tell me where to fire and they won't know what hit them.”
	“It won't work,” replied Anna, keeping the same quiet tone. “They have a powerful energy barrier surrounding them.”
	“You mean we're gonna' have to do the talking thing before we get to the killing?” Dan asked, disappointment dripping from his mouth as he spoke.
	“I'm afraid so,” Anna replied, allowing herself a small smile. “Step forward into the centre of the clearing, whatever is preventing us from being seen should not do so that close to them, but let them think that you are here on your own.”
	Dan turned to face Anna and smiled as he stepped forward, holstering Betty as he did so. Neither Echidna or Yana noticed him until he was but a few feet from them, and Dan witnessed first hand the shock spread across their respective faces.
	“Hello ladies,” Dan grinned. “Surprised?”
	“Where did you come from?” Echidna growled deeply.
	“That ain't important, is it?” Dan's face did not change as he spoke. “Pretty sure you left me a message, well I guess you could say this is me returning your call.”
	“I assume that as you are here, the vampires did not succeed?” Echidna asked.
	“You assume correctly,” Dan replied. “Now look, do you think we could skip the talking and get straight to the part where I kill you?”
	“By all means,” replied Echidna. “Or at least, you get to try.”
	She turned her head to Yana and nodded. On cue Yana closed her eyes and the energy field dissipated, and yet neither witch nor wolf moved a muscle. Dan stepped forwards, drawing his sword as he did so.
	Still Yana and Echidna remained motionless. He swung his sword aiming directly at Echidna's neck. His aim was true and the power of the swing was, as always, perfect. Maybe that's why he was extremely surprised when his blade passed silently through the werewolf as if she were not there. He tried again and again but to no avail.
	“What the fuck?” As he stared, dumbfounded, Echidna and Yana burst into fits of laughter and disappeared in a blinding flash of light. Dan shielded his eyes, only removing his hand when the light had subsided. Upon doing so he found himself in unfamiliar surroundings. There was no rainforest and instead of the sweltering heat that had been, there was a distinct chill to the air. He turned to face his friends, but Pete and Anna were no longer behind him. “What the fuck?” he muttered quietly to himself, not for the first time.
	As he stood in what had moments ago been a rainforest clearing a light snow began to fall. He scanned his immediate location for somewhere to take shelter but could see nothing but barren wasteland. The ground appeared to be completely flat for miles around. Not even a tree could be seen, in fact the only visible form of life was the thin scattering of what appeared to be some kind of heather which lay close to the ground, doing its best to shelter itself from the elements. Dan shrugged, picked a direction, and started walking.

***

	“What do you mean, you lost him?” Trixi yelled, lighting her third cigarette in as many minutes. “People don't just fucking disappear, not without good reason.”
	“I think we were tricked, Echidna and Yana appeared to be some kind of illusion,” Pete tried to explain. 
	“That doesn't fucking explain how someone can just vanish out of thin air.” Trixi's voice raised a few decibels.
	“No Ma'am,” Pete agreed. This seemed to appease Trixi somewhat, and the next time she spoke her voice was not quite so loud.
	“I'll get Janey and Sara on it, we still have work to do,” she said, taking a deep drag on her cigarette. “As we can't find Dan, I want both you and JD to accompany K and Blayze back to Earth. Take the Marie Celeste, and for fuck's sake be careful. I'm not losing anybody else.”
	Pete nodded and turned to leave the bridge, but paused after a few steps. “We'll get him back,” he said quietly and without turning before he carried on walking.
	Trixi said nothing, instead she put her head in her hands and let out a scream. She longed for everything to be back the way it was, back before the time line had been played with. Things had been so much simpler when their biggest worry had been a corrupt government.

***

	The snow was still falling and had been getting progressively heavier the more time went on. Dan had no idea how much time had passed, just as he had no idea where he was. All he knew he was somewhere he'd never been. Still the heather was the only sign of life, but the ground did appear to be sloping upwards slightly. Going up meant that at some point he would have to walk down, and going down meant there was a chance he would come across some sort of valley, possibly with trees for shelter and with any luck a stream or river of some kind. This was all speculation he knew, but in his mind he had already killed Echidna and Yana in every way imaginable, and when it came to killing Dan's imagination was very graphic indeed. He really needed a drink though, in fact he was gasping. He'd tasted the snow as it fell and it was rank.
	He lit a cigarette as he walked, picturing a lush and fruitful woodland, and hopefully a coffee shop. As he carried on walking he felt his feet get heavier and heavier, each step requiring more and more effort until he eventually blacked out.
	The last thing he knew was the ground rushing up to meet him.
	Then, there was nothing.

***

	Two figures stood over Dan's fallen body. One was hunched and the other stood tall and proud.
	“We must get him to the city, he needs medicine,” one spoke, but it was unclear which one as neither set of lips moved.
	“He is near death,” the other spoke, the tone slightly higher. “He is strong, a warrior and will survive.”
	As the two strangers talked amongst themselves, they became surrounded by a swirling white light. The light began to move faster until suddenly it stopped. No longer were they outside, they were in a building still stood over Dan, who was now laying on his back on a low bed of sorts.	
	“He is dehydrated, in need of fluid,” the first one spoke once more. As if by magic, a bowl of water appeared next to Dan which the first lifted and held to his lips, tipping it back slightly causing Dan to drink.
	“He is waking,” the other said as Dan's eyes flickered rapidly. “My friend, how do you feel?” He bowed to Dan's level and spoke quietly to him.
	“Like I got really fucking drunk last night,” Dan coughed, the strain of talking a little too much for him. He gratefully accepted more water, and drank thirstily. “Where am I?”
	“You are safe for now,” he paused as Dan drank more water. “You are fighting the Sporallians, are you not?”
	“Yeah,” Dan replied. 
	“Our people were at war with the Sporallians many years ago, we developed a way to hide from them,” he paused once more before continuing. “You see, we are an incredibly advanced race yet we live underground. We are a peaceful people, and only fight when it is necessary.”
	“Why are you telling me this?” Dan asked, beginning to feel a little better.
	“Because whilst we ourselves do not fight, we recognise that others must.”
	“You just sit on the sidelines?” 
	“We help where we can, and we wish to help you.”
	“How?” Dan asked, intrigued.
	“We will show you.”

***

	The Marie Celeste flashed into existence in orbit around Earth, and Pete guided her into the docking bay of the nearest cruiser. He wasn't too worried about Dan, figuring his friend would be OK. Between the two of them they had been to more alternate dimensions and realities than anyone, and besides Dan knew how to look after himself.
	“Make it quick ladies,” Pete said into the com as he watched K and Blayze scamper down the cargo bay ramp.
	“Incoming message from the Prime Minister,” JD said, putting the message on screen.
	“Sir, Dan would apologise for not being here himself, but we've sorta' lost him,” Pete shrugged.
	“That was careless,” the Prime Minister replied. “However we have more pressing matters I am afraid, have you checked your scanners since you docked?”
	“Just doing that now Sir,” JD shouted out, pouring over the scanner. “Oh, shit!”
	“Indeed,” the Prime Minster said. “The blast from the hypernova is moving much faster than we anticipated, we have a matter of hours before we must evacuate this planet completely.” The Prime Minister let this sink in for a moment before continuing. “We must load as many people as we can onto the star ships in orbit, and we must do it now. I fear we may only be able to make one trip.”
	“Are people ready?” Pete asked, still in shock.
	“We have over four million people ready for transportation, the rest wish to sit out the inevitable apocalypse, or they do not believe the facts,” replied the Prime Minister.
	“We are in the process of fitting a drive to each of the star ships which will allow instant transportation to the new system,” Pete explained. “Surely we can make more than one trip.”
	“I fear not,” the Prime Minister replied. “And I do not believe there is time to fit these drives.”
	“Then we're doing this the old-fashioned way, but that's gonna' mean five unprotected ships flying straight through Sporallian territory,” said JD.
	“It is a risk we must take,” the Prime Minister said. “I am feeding you the co-ordinates for your first pick-up, I suggest you hurry.” The transmission ended, and Pete turned to JD.
	“We better get K and Blayze back here,” he said, shaking his head. “Far too many people are gonna' die.”

***

	Dan sat cross legged on the floor in the centre of the room. He wasn't feeling quite one hundred percent, but whatever was in that water seemed to have done the trick.
	“So what happens now?” he asked as he sat in complete darkness. “If I start to feel hands on me I ain't gonna' be happy.”
	“You are completely safe.” The voice was unfamiliar, but sounded friendly.
	“I've heard that before,” Dan muttered.
	“Just relax, let your mind become free of everything,” Dan did as he was instructed, and attempted to clear his mind, a much harder task than it sounded. “Are you averse to magic?”
	“Funnily enough, I'm used to it with the company I keep,” Dan replied, his lips curling into a faint smile.
	“In which case you will feel right at home, you may open your eyes.”
	Dan did so, not that it made much difference. The room was in complete darkness, and there may have been more light with his eyes closed.
	“Focus on the darkness, lose yourself in it.”
	Dan stared into nothingness, and occasionally he thought he could see flashes of colour. These flashes gradually got more and more frequent, and soon Dan worked it out. Every time his heart beat, there was a flash of colour.
	“What the...” he muttered to himself. As he opened his mouth to speak, he felt something enter him, and quickly snapped his mouth shut. He felt an unfamiliar strength surging through his body, but this quickly subsided.
	“Allow it to enter you, it will do you no harm.”
	Dan obliged, and opened his mouth. What a fucking rush. The feeling knocked him onto his back, and then there was darkness once more.
	“Whoa...” He sat up and tried to slow his breathing.
	“You are at one with the darkness, you are at one with the light. You are completely balanced. Do you want more?”
	“Fuck yes,” Dan panted, and as he opened his mouth he felt it enter him once more. This time he was ready for it and managed to remain in a seated position. It was over just as quickly as the first time. Dan could feel power and knowledge surging through his body. “Again!”
	He could feel his eyes glaze over as it hit him once more, and he rolled his head around on his shoulders, letting it fill his every being.

***

	Jefferson Plank strode down the steps and out into the town square, a large paved area with several ornamental fountains surrounding it. “What is the meaning of this?” he demanded. “How dare you murder my men.”
	“It's that kind of attitude that could get a man eaten.” Yana nodded to Echidna on her left and shook her head. “Now play nice and no one else need die.”
	“What are you talking about?” Jefferson Plank asked.
	“We're taking over,” Yana replied, raising her voice for the benefit of the gathering crowd. “Now do I need to tell you all what will happen if you oppose us?”
	Apparently on cue, Echidna leapt at the person nearest to her, a woman in her forties and in one swift movement she tore out her windpipe. The woman dropped dead to the floor. Yana looked happily around at the faces of shock that surrounded her and her companion.
	“I think we have their attention,” she said quietly so only Echidna could hear.

***

	Seline pushed her body against the wall, as if encouraging said wall to swallow her whole. She could see no one even attempting to put up a fight, and for the second time since the apparent black hole appeared above Two Rivers, she thought of Dan and his friends, and wished they were here. They would not be standing for nonsense like this, they would fight, laying down their lives if they had to. She looked up at the sky, the second sun was just visible, setting on the horizon. She closed her eyes and prayed.

***

	Pete set the Marie Celeste expertly on the grass. The Prime Minister had urged people to make their way to Donnington Park, a large open area in the centre of the country. JD and K hurried down the cargo bay ramp and found themselves surrounded by a sea of people as far as they eye could see.
	“Fuck, we're gonna' need a bigger boat,” JD said quietly. Then, he raised his voice. “OK we only have a few hours, and fuck knows how many of you there are. We can get you all outta' here but you gotta' be patient.” JD paused and could here various cries along the lines of; 'what the fuck did he say?'
	He and K stood on either side of the ramp and ushered people on board. It appeared that most had managed to fit their entire lives into a single suitcase, and JD couldn't help but think how depressing that was.
	It wasn't long before the cargo bay was full, as was every other available space on board.
	“We'll be back before you know it,” he said to those people closest to him as he raised the ramp. “Good to go,” he said into the com, as he and K squeezed themselves into the last available space.
	The Marie Celeste lifted off the grass and shot towards the sky. Once she had reached a safe distance Pete engaged the Half-Light Drive and the vessel and her precious cargo were transported instantly to the new system, in orbit around the moon which lay far below the Triton Project. Trixi was waiting for the vessel as she landed, and stood at the foot of the ramp when it was lowered. She helped JD and K usher people from the ship. A refugee camp of sorts had been hurriedly set up not too far away and Trixi pointed the first of the evacuees in its direction, the rest followed.
	“You think we're gonna' make it?” Trixi asked as the last of the people left the Marie Celeste.
	“It's too early to tell, but it's gonna' be fucking tight,” replied JD as Pete began to raise the ramp. “See you in a few.”

***

	Dan stood, a mix of colours floating in the air around him. His eyes were a bright, vibrant red and there was a slight blur to his appearance. He stretched his right arm out in front of him and from nowhere his sword materialised in his hand. He gripped the handle, and gracefully brought the sword around in a perfect arc leaving a trail of golden light in its wake. He shook his head violently and the colours surrounding him disappeared, as did the sword from his hand. He turned to the rooms only other occupants, and as he did so his eyes returned to their normal deep blue.
	“Dunno what you guys did, but this is a fucking trip,” he said, smiling.
	“We have given to you the power of our people.”
	“You must use it wisely.”
	“If your people have this much power, then why have you done nothing before now?” Dan asked.
	“As has already been said, it is no longer our fight.”
	“But you are a warrior.”
	“The strongest warrior,” The two men said this together, as if to emphasise their point. “If you fail, then all civilisation will eventually fall.”
	“If you succeed, your race, our race, every civilised race will survive for millennia.”
	“No pressure then,” Dan laughed, and paused a little while before he continued. “Well I'd love to stay and chat boys, but I have a fight to get back to.”
	“You have more than one.”
	“Your friends can handle the Sporallian threat for a while.”
	“First, your help is required elsewhere.”
	“Where?” Dan asked.
	“Prima.”
	Before Dan could say a word, the two men clasped their hands together and the entire room was encompassed in a brilliant white light. Dan felt himself being whisked away, speeding through Time and Space.
	In a moment he saw what he needed to do. A temporal fold had appeared in the sky above Prima, which Echidna and Yana had used to transport themselves forwards through time.
	They'd killed some, but left most alive. The rushing sensation ceased, and the next thing Dan knew he was leaning against a wall, a little breathless. He sensed someone next to him and glanced to his left. It was then that he saw Seline, staring upwards with her eyes closed and muttering something under her breath. She too must have sensed his presence as after a few seconds she opened her eyes and looked straight at him.
	“Is that really you?” she asked, unable to believe what she was seeing.
	“It's me,” Dan smiled, nodding his head. “I heard a rumour you could use my help.”
	“You heard right mister,” Seline replied, a huge smile spreading across her face. “I can't believe you're here.”
	“Neither can I to be honest, it's been a fucking weird day,” Dan laughed. “Where's the bad guys?” Seline pointed around the corner, and Dan quickly poked his head around. “They're still holding,” he said, pulling his head back quickly. “It looks like they're waiting for me.”
	“You can't go out there alone,” Seline protested, placing her hand on Dan's arm. “You won't last a minute.”
	“Nice that you got faith in me, but who else is gonna' go out there?” He smiled and placed his hand on top of Seline's. 	“Wait here,” he said quietly. “This won't take long.”

***

	“How long do we have?” Pete asked, turning to Blayze as they lifted off the ground having made the same trip for the umpteenth time.
	“Just over an hour,” she replied.
	“I think it's time to take the star ships down and fill them up, 'cos we're only gonna' be able to make a couple more trips in that time,” he said as he engaged the Half-Light Drive. The vessel reappeared in orbit around Earth, and Pete opened a channel on the com.
	“This is the Marie Celeste calling all other vessels, follow us down and load up, we don't have long left.”
	He cut the transmission and once he was happy that the five star ships on orbit were following, Pete took the Marie Celeste down to Earth. He set the vessel down in the same spot, and as JD and K made their way down the ramp, the star ships set down behind the Marie Celeste.
	“OK, we want to fill all of these ships,” JD said, raising his voice over the din. As he looked out it did not appear that the crowd was any smaller than it had been six hours ago, and he shook his head. “It makes no difference which one you get on, you're still gonna' get where you're goin', so get a move on people come on.”
	“Nice speech,” K laughed quietly.
	“Thanks,” JD turned to her and put out his tongue, smiling as he did so.

***

	Dan made his way slowly through the throng of people. They were stood around, not really knowing what they were supposed to do. He did not take his eyes off Echidna and Yana. It looked to him like they had an energy field surrounding them, which is why Dan guessed no one had taken them out yet. He was doing well, and was almost half-way through the crowd before he was noticed.
	“It seems we have an intruder,” Echidna growled, staring straight at Dan. The noise of the crowd ceased, and there was silence.
	“Ah fuck, and I was gonna' crash this party without anyone noticing.” He shrugged and shook his head. “I guess it's time for plan B.”
	“You know what's funny?” Yana asked. “That you think you're getting out of this alive.”
	“You're wrong,” Dan replied. “It's funny that you think I'm not.”
	“Do you really want to do this?” Echidna growled deeply.
	“Well I thought we might sit down and chat first,” Dan laughed, as did a few people around him. “But at the end of it all you're still gonna' get fucked up. Now what do you say we move these nice people back, clear ourselves a little space. We don't want them getting covered in your blood now, do we?”
	As Dan finished, the crowd as one slowly began to move towards the back of the square, and reassembled themselves in front of the town hall.
	“That's better.” He smiled, his eyes had not moved from Echidna. “Now how about we get in touch with your inner wolf?” He watched as Yana stepped forward.
	“You fight me first,” she said, standing tall and advancing rapidly towards Dan.
	“If I must,” he replied without moving, his eyes still fixed on Echidna. Yana was but a few feet away and Dan still had not moved. She got ever closer, and it was not until Dan could have reached out and touched her that he spun around in a complete circle, stretching his arm out as he did so. His sword met Yana's neck and decapitated her, she didn't even know what happened. Dan's eyes met Echidna's once more and he could see fear in them, and he smiled.

***

	Pete looked out over the throng of people still to be evacuated. He knew that the majority of people out there would not be rescued. The Prime Minister had organised transport for several dignitaries and various other VIPs, and the vessel carrying them would make its way to the new system in the company of the star ships.
	He wouldn't have said so to anyone, but Pete would've been surprised if two of the star ships made the trip intact. He watched as a steady stream of people made their way past the Marie Celeste towards the star ships.
	The Marie Celeste herself already had a full quota. JD, K and Blayze were having to turn people away as they approached. Pete looked up at the sky. It was the middle of the day and yet instead of what would normally be a beautiful blue, there was a distinct red tinge to it. The hypernova had almost reached Earth.
	Eventually the star ships were full and their doors closed to all comers. Pete waited until all five had lifted off before he took the Marie Celeste into the air. He flicked on the com.
	“Ged, we won't be long dropping this load off, we'll come back and act as escort as soon as we can,” he said, hoping that soon would be soon enough.
	“Thanks,” Ged replied. “I don't fancy taking on the Sporallian fleet again, not without back-up anyway.”
	“Worry ye not, mate,” replied Pete as he engaged the Half-Light Drive. “Back soon.”
	He cut the transmission and the Marie Celeste disappeared, travelling through Time and Space to reappear instantly in orbit above the refugee camp. He took the vessel towards the moon, and once again landed lightly a little way away from the camp. Once more Trixi was waiting for them.
	“Is this the last of them?” Trixi asked as the last few people exited the Marie Celeste.
	“Nowhere near,” JD replied. “There's thousands on board the star ships, but there's still I dunno how many back on Earth.”
	“You got time for another trip?” she asked.
	“One more, maybe,” JD paused. “But we'd have to be quick.”
	“I have an idea, but I need you guys to get back there, I need to know how many people are left, and I need you to pack them together as tightly as you can.”
	“What you gonna' do?” JD asked, intrigued.
	“Magic,” replied Trixi. “At least I hope it will be, and I'm gonna' be inside your head.”
	“Better not be thinking about your tits then, eh?” JD laughed. “We'll get back, but whatever you do, do it fast.”

***

	Dan remained motionless, as did Echidna. It seemed to everybody around that they were each weighing up the other, plotting the best line of attack. Now Yana was dead, laying in pieces on the ground at Dan's feet, Echidna was no longer magically protected. 
	“You gonna' stand there all day?” Dan asked. “I'm getting kinda' bored.”
	“If you kill me, you will have defeated both me and my Father,” Echidna growled softly.
	“Yeah and I killed your Daddy more than once, so imagine what I'm gonna' do when I get my hands on you,” Dan said with nothing but pure venom in his voice.
	He walked slowly towards the werewolf, and as he did so he witnessed something he had not seen before. Yes, he knew Echidna was scared that much was obvious, but she was actually cowering away from him.
	He raised his sword arm as he approached, and could feel his eyes as they changed colour. He towered over the petrified werewolf and brought his sword down. Then he stopped, and looked into her tearful eyes.
	“Secily?”
	"She's too strong, I can't stop her."
	Dan had not heard Secily's voice for so long he had almost forgotten it. He crouched down and knelt beside the frightened girl and gently placed a hand on her shoulder. He watched as her face began to change, her eyes glazed and her voice shook as she spoke.
	"She's coming back." Tears streamed down the girl's face as she looked deep onto Dan's eyes and mouthed the words, 'help me'.
	Dan had no idea what to do now. On the one hand Echidna was indirectly responsible for the deaths of many of his friends. On the other Secily was a nothing but a frightened little girl trying to escape. He was deep in thought and had not really being paying attention to what was going on, and the next thing he knew he was knocked back, flying several feet through the air before he landed heavily. He stood up and brushed himself down. 
	"Echidna, I presume?" he asked. 
	"You presume correctly," The werewolf replied. "You were not supposed to witness that." 
	"You mean you didn't want me to know that the girl is still alive inside of you?" Dan reached out his right arm to draw his sword and then hesitated. He could not kill her now, not after what he had just seen. 
	"You cannot save her," Echidna growled, reading Dan's mind perfectly. "I die, she dies." 
	"Then I'm gonna' have to take you alive," Dan replied. 
	"Do you really think I will let that happen?" 
	"What makes you think you have a choice?" Out of nowhere Dan broke into a run, and charged Echidna. He bowled into the werewolf and together they skidded across the ground, such was the speed of Dan's run. He rolled on top of her and pinned her arms down.
	"Let her out!" he shouted. "Set the girl free!"
	Echidna laughed and snapped her jaws at Dan. Her breath was foul. Dan released his grip on Echidna's arms and pummelled her with first his left, and then his stronger right. All the time the werewolf continued her incessant laughter as blood began to pour from her mouth.
	"Set her free!" he screamed. 
	"Fuck... you..." Echidna spat her blood over Dan's face as she stammered the words. 
	"Foul mouth for such a little girl," Dan said, standing up. 
	"You're letting me up?" Echidna asked, surprised. "You're more stupid than you look." 
	"And if you think I'm letting you up, you got another thing coming."
	Dan shook his head, unable to believe what he was about to do, but it had to be done. He punted the werewolf in the side of her head, right on her temple. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she fell into unconsciousness. Dan reached down and felt her neck for a pulse just to make sure he had not killed her.
	When he was satisfied she was still alive he lifted her limp body onto his shoulder as Seline ran up to him. "You saw what happened, right? You understand why I haven't killed her?" 
	"Yes, I heard everything," Seline replied. 
	"I gotta' get her back to Trixi, I think separating girl from wolf is a little beyond me." Dan chuckled a little as he spoke and checked his pockets with his free hand. "Fuck, you gotta' smoke?" 	He took the cigarette from Seline, lit it and inhaled deeply. 	"Ah that's much better." 
	"How will you get back?" Seline asked. "Not that I want you to, but you gotta' do what you gotta' do," 
	"Well I'm pretty sure I can create a temporal fold like the one that brought our friends here," Dan replied. "But we'll find out." 

***

	Trixi, Sara and Janey sat on the floor, their legs crossed and hands joined. They were about to attempt to transport the remaining refugees to the new system, where they would be safe from the impending disaster on mankind’s home world. They were not saying a word. Trixi was seeing through JD's eyes and she saw that she and her sisters had a tall task laying in front of them. There must have been a million people clustered together as tightly as they could.
	Trixi could see that the sky was a mass of brilliant, shimmering lights.
	They had to do this now. As one the sisters opened their eyes and they all glowed a deep red. The air in front of them was soon filled with a crackling white light, resembling a very localised electrical storm.
	Elsewhere on board the Triton Project lights began to flicker on and off of their own accord. All of a sudden there was an explosion of colour in front of the girls, and a thud as something hit the floor heavily and then the colours and the light were gone. 
	"Dan?" Trixi tried to focus. "Is that you?" 
	"It's me," Dan replied. "I've brought a friend too." 
	"Did it work?" Sara asked. "Did our spell work?"
	Trixi closed her eyes for a moment. 
	"Yes," she replied. "It worked." 

***

	"JD we have to go now," Pete yelled into the com. He had been staring out of the window at the front of the Marie Celeste when without warning there had been a blinding flash of light. He was a little disorientated but all the same he knew that they should not hang around any longer than they had to, and now that the refugees were no longer an issue the Marie Celeste and her crew had no reason to stay. Pete looked at the sky, and although his vision was still slightly blurred he could see plainly that the sky was getting more and more violent by the second.
	"Come on!" 
	"We're with you mate," JD shouted back down the com. There was a deep rumbling coming from somewhere, JD wasn't sure where but he doubted it was a good thing. He too had seen the sky above, and didn't want to hang around to find out what happened next.
	He rushed up the ramp as K hit the button to pull it up, turning only when he heard a shout coming from outside. 
	"Wait!" The voice was deep, and definitely that of a male. "Take us with you!" 
	"Pete wait a second," Blayze said into the com. "We have a problem."
	K lowered the ramp once more and JD ran back down and outside. He chanced a look up, and thought for a second that he'd never seen anything quite so breathtaking.
	Bright, vibrant colours danced around each other, the continuous flash of electricity in the air did nothing but accentuate these colours.
	The air had got incredibly hot all of a sudden. JD was struggling to breathe as he reached the bottom of the ramp. 
	"How many of you?" JD shouted, his breath coming short and sharp. 
	"Me and my daughter," the man shouted back. He had short-cropped hair and for the circumstances was well dressed in what was once a three piece suit. Now the jacket was in tatters, his trousers torn and shirt covered in dirt. 
	"Where is she?" JD yelled, the wind tearing at the words as he spoke. The man was almost at the foot of the ramp now, struggling against the wind. 
	"She fell," he replied. "About five hundred yards that way." The man gestured in the direction from which he had come. The wind was picking up dust as it grew in strength, and JD could not see far at all. 
	"Tell Pete to wait," JD shouted as he turned to K. "He better not fucking leave without me."
	K tried to protest but he was already lost in the dust and wind outside.
	He could barely see his hand if he stretched it out in front of him, but he struggled on, trying to find the stricken girl. 

***

	"What the fuck?" Pete yelled over the com. "We have to leave, right now. The scanner is showing some seriously fucked up weather systems coming in within the next minute or so and we only have a few minutes before we're completely fucked." 
	"He'll make it," K said in what she hoped was a reassuring manner. "Besides he's your friend, you can't leave him behind." 

***

	JD picked himself up for the sixth or seventh time and tried to run but quickly realised that was not going to happen. He had no idea how far he'd struggled and when he thought about it, it was going to be extremely difficult to retrace his steps but it was too late to turn back now. He tripped over what he thought was a tree root, although tree roots don't normally cry out in pain when one falls over them. 
	"Are you here to help me?" the girl asked. 
	"I'm here to try," JD replied over the noise of the ever strengthening wind. "Can you walk?" 
	"I think I've broken my leg," the girl replied. 
	"That's a no then," JD allowed himself a little chuckle before he remembered himself and the predicament he and the girl found themselves in. "I'm gonna' have to carry you."
	JD lifted the un-protesting girl and threw her carefully over his shoulder. He paused for a moment, something was wrong.
	Then it hit him. There was no wind, and the air was rapidly clearing of dust.
	He looked quickly around and on almost every side he could see the dust storm raging on.
	"We're in the eye," he said. "This might hurt, but I'm gonna' run," and run he did. It was difficult with the girl over his shoulder but JD found that when he got into a rhythm it was easier. 
	"That can't be good," the girl said from behind him. 
	"What's not?" asked JD without breaking stride. 
	"It looks like fire," she replied. "And I think it's chasing us."
	JD couldn't help himself and turned his head as he ran. 
	"Oh fuck!" he yelled and quickened his pace as much as he could. "It's the hypernova, it's gonna' burn up the planet!" He fumbled for the com, it took him a couple of seconds but he managed to turn it on. "Can you see that fucking thing behind me?" he yelled into the com. 
	"Get a fucking move on," Pete replied. "If you don't make it, we all die. I might be immortal but I have a sneaking suspicion that this may kill me."
	JD could see the ramp now, it was only a few feet away. With an surge of energy that came out of nowhere he leapt and landed on the ramp as Blayze hit the button, pulling the ramp up with JD and the girl still on it. The girl fell off his shoulder and managed to crawl up the ramp. 
	"Fucking go," He yelled into the com, leaning against a handy wall as soon as it was safe to do so. 
	"Way ahead of you," Pete replied. "Now we're gonna' engage much closer to the planet than usual 'cos we don't have time to get outta' atmo. This might get bumpy."


Chapter Fifteen
It's What We Do


	The Marie Celeste disappeared, flashing temporarily out of existence to reappear light years away in the system mankind was to call their new home.
	But what of Earth, the planet that had given birth to the human race thousands of years before and now, through no fault of its own it was about to be destroyed.
	Had the planet been located in a different area of space, or even been at a different stage of its yearly journey around the sun things may have worked out differently, but this was not the case. 	As the full force of the explosion from the hypernova buffeted Earth, the surface of the planet heated rapidly to inconceivable temperatures, causing the core of the planet to reach temperatures even higher.
	The ground was burning, bursting into flames seemingly at random, and as the surface water quickly evaporated due to the increase in heat, Earth was left with no natural defences.
	As the temperature of the core rose even higher it became unstable. The result was an explosion of unimaginable proportions, and it all happened so quickly.
	The Marie Celeste had gone this much is true but she had left a tiny window behind her, a crack in Time and Space, and it was through this crack that the explosion followed. It was using up all of the oxygen that Earth had to offer and it wanted more, it wanted to burn, its one and only desire was to destroy absolutely everything. 

***

	Dan sat breathless on the floor as Trixi, Janey and Sara, all stared at him, and then transferred their gaze to the body that lay next to him. 
	"You better have a good reason for bringing that here." Trixi was pissed, Dan could tell. "You almost fucked up our spell, you were almost responsible for the deaths of probably a million people." 
	"It worked out right, yeah?" Dan asked as he casually lit a cigarette. "Anyway chill the fuck out we have bigger problems." 
	"So I see," Janey replied. 
	"No you don't get it," Dan began to explain. "Secily is still in there, she spoke to me. I was about to slice off her head and Secily managed to come to the surface." 
	"How do you know it wasn't Echidna?" Trixi asked. "For all you know she is laying there unconscious taking the piss outta' you, thinking she's got away with it." 
	"It was Secily, trust me," Dan protested. He stared defiantly at Trixi, and the witch matched his gaze for well over a minute before she spoke.
	"OK I give," she conceded. "So what happens now?" 
	"It's down to you three," Dan replied. "But Secily needs to come outta' there before we kill Echidna." 
	"Agreed," said Trixi, allowing herself a small smile as she watched Dan stub his cigarette out on the floor. "Take her down to the medical bay and get her into isolation. I want guards on her around the clock." 
	"Yes Ma'am," Dan replied, picking himself up. 
	"One thing I don't get though," Trixi began, pausing before she continued. "How the fuck did you get back here, and where were you?" 
	"Prima," replied Dan, and watched Trixi's face change. "It's a long story, basically I met these dudes who imbued me with the power of their people. It's fucking cool believe me." 
	"Oh I do," Trixi replied. "But how did you get to Prima?" 
	"Through a temporal fold," replied Dan with a smile. 
	"That's some pretty heavy shit, and could come in pretty useful," Trixi nodded as she spoke. Dan could see she was impressed. "Anyway get that outta' here." Trixi pointed to the body on the floor next to Dan. 
	"Yes Ma'am," replied Dan, picking up the body and heading for the medical bay. As he made his way down the corridor he felt a deep, low vibration. He put his free hand against the wall of the corridor as the vibration began to shake the space station violently.
	He shook his head and broke into a run. It was not far to the medical bay and he grabbed two soldiers who looked like they had nothing else to do.
	"Come with me," he ordered, not stopping to explain. They reached the medical bay and Dan entered the isolation unit, removing the limp body carefully from a shoulder and placing her on the bed. He sealed the door closed on his way out.
	"Make sure she stays put," Dan said to the soldiers. "But whatever happens do not kill her, do you understand?" 
	"Yes Sir," the soldiers replied, both talking together and very quickly. 
	"Good," Dan replied. "I'll be back shortly."
	He turned and ran toward the bridge, having to slow his pace every now and then as the space station shook more violently.
	"Someone tell me what the fuck is going on," he shouted as he entered the bridge 
	"We don't know," Sara replied. She'd made it to the bridge much more quickly than her sisters. "It looks like the Marie Celeste unsuccessfully used the Half-Light Drive, the window opened but the ship never arrived."
	"Is the window still open?" Dan asked, lighting a cigarette. 
	"It is," Sara replied. 
	"You'd better not be thinking of doing what I think you're thinking of doing," Trixi's voice came from behind Dan. She too had just reached the bridge. "We have no idea what happened, you can't risk going in there." 
	"Our friends are in there," Dan protested. "And who knows how many refugees." 
	"And if you go in there, that means we'll probably lose you as well," Trixi replied. "And I'm sorry but I am not losing you on what is almost certainly a suicide mission." 
	"But..." 
	"No fucking buts," Trixi yelled. "I will put you down if you try anything."
	Dan could see in his friend's eyes that this was not an idle threat. He thought he could take Trixi but he wasn't entirely sure. 
	"OK...OK, we have to do something though," he conceded. 
	"And we will," Trixi replied kindly. "There's no need to go rushing into things though, I mean technically the Marie Celeste doesn't exist right now, which means neither does her crew or cargo, and how can something that doesn't exist be destroyed?" 
	"There's logic in there somewhere I'm sure, but I still say I should go in there," Dan said defiantly. 
	"How would you go about it? Purely out of interest, you understand." Trixi could not help herself. 
	"I can create a temporal fold," Dan replied. 
	"You need to know your destination for that, so no that won't work," Janey said. 
	"Then I'll take a fighter and fly straight into the damn thing," Dan shouted, getting agitated. "I have to do fucking something." He turned and stormed out, lighting another cigarette from the butt already between his fingers as he did so. 
	"You can't do that," Janey shouted after him. "It'll tear you and the fighter apart."
	The three sisters watched Dan stomp down the corridor until he was out of sight. 
	"He's gonna' go straight to the fighter bay," Sara said, shaking her head. 
	"I got it," Trixi replied. "If he is goin', he ain't goin' alone." She ran after Dan but he had a good lead on her and she did not catch up with him until she reached the fighter bay. 
	"You know you won't stop me going," Dan said without turning, heading for the nearest fighter. 
	"I'm not here to try," Trixi replied. "You're right, we need to do something but we have to do it right." 
	"So why are you here?" Dan asked, still he had not turned to face Trixi. 
	"I'm coming with you," she replied. "Not letting you get all the glory, and besides if I don't come with you, you'll only do something fucking stupid." 
	"You know I'll probably do something fucking stupid anyway," replied Dan, allowing himself a little chuckle and for the first time, turned to face Trixi. "It's not gonna' make a difference you being there or not." 
	"No, but I'll be there to at least try and stop you." This time it was Trixi's turn to laugh. 
	"So how's this going down?" Dan asked. 
	"We need to go through the window, and we need to do it without dying in the process," Trixi explained. 
	"Well that much is a given," replied Dan. 
	"Sara and Janey are going to stop time, everything except us and them," Trixi continued. "Hopefully that should negate the effects of going through the window." 
	"Hopefully?" Dan asked, raising an eyebrow. 
	"Best we can do," replied Trixi. "Now that's enough talking. We need to get out of the fighter bay so they can begin the spell, else we won't be able to open the bay doors."
	Dan shrugged, and strapped himself into the cockpit of his fighter. Trixi did the same and the two of them, having completed their pre-flight checks, took their fighters out of the fighter bay doors and out into the black of space. "We're out girls, do your thing," Trixi said into the com. 
	"How will we know it's worked?" Dan asked after a few minutes. He had been watching the window as it shimmered against the backdrop of space, and he could have sworn that the light from it was getting brighter. 
	"I'll know," Trixi replied. "It shouldn't be too long now." 
	"Good job, 'cos I swear that's getting brighter," Dan had not removed his gaze from the window. As he spoke the shimmering stopped, and Trixi's voice came over the com. 
	"We're good to go," she said, taking her fighter forwards. 
	"You know what we're gonna' find on the other side?" Dan asked. 
	"Only one way to find out," Trixi replied, as first she then Dan passed through the window.
	For a few seconds they saw nothing, they were travelling slowly through what appeared to be some kind of mist. Then slowly, the Marie Celeste came into view, a motionless silhouette alone, rising up through white entrails of mist. As they drew closer and could see past the vessel, it dawned on the both of them the reason why the Marie Celeste had not re-materialised. She was being chased by what appeared to be fire, an explosion. 	"Earth must have exploded just as they got outta' there," Trixi said quietly over the com. 
	"They're fucking lucky to be alive," Dan replied. "Any ideas?" 
	"No," replied Trixi. "We can't move the Marie Celeste without restarting time, and if we do that we're all gonna' die." 
	"We might not be able to move the Marie Celeste, but what if we could move the explosion?" Dan asked. 
	"I'm listening," Trixi replied. "What's your plan?" 
	"Well don't shout at me, but a temporal fold," replied Dan. "Send it back to Earth." 
	"You'd need to open it between that and the Marie Celeste," Trixi paused before she continued. "But I think it's the only option we have. Do it." 
	"We need to time it right, I'll have to open it at the exact moment time is restarted," Dan paused, and Trixi could here the clicking of his lighter as he lit a cigarette. "You should go back." 
	"I'm not going anywhere," Trixi replied. 
	"Yes you are," Dan said quietly. "I'll probably get sucked through the fold, and if you stay here you will too." 
	"You're coming back." It was an order, Dan could tell by Trixi's tone. "Whatever happens, I'll get you back."
	With that she cut the transmission and slowly but surely made her way back through the mist.
	Once he was sure she had gone, Dan set out to position himself between the Marie Celeste and the stationary explosion. He stubbed his cigarette out on the dash and lit another one straight away, as he waited for Trixi to contact him to let him know that she and her sisters were ready to break the spell.
	He spun his fighter around so that he was now facing the rear of the Marie Celeste, figuring that would give him the best opportunity to escape once the temporal fold was opened, and Time had started to move again.
	“Dan can you hear me?” Dan felt Trixi's voice in his head a few minutes later.
	“Yeah I hear you,” Dan replied. “You girls ready?”
	“Almost,” she replied. “Remember we only get one shot at this.”
	“You don't have to remind me of that,” he replied, as he inhaled deeply on his cigarette.
	“We're ready,” this time it was Janey's voice that Dan felt in his head.
	“Fuck me do I have all three of you in there?” Dan laughed.
	“Hope you don't mind,” Sara said, if only to let her presence be known.
	“Why would I mind? Three gorgeous girls knowing my deepest darkest secrets,” Dan laughed again. “I don't know how long it will take me to open a temporal fold, so you three are gonna' have to look out for it, I assume you see what I see?”
	“We do,” Trixi replied.
	“Then watch and learn ladies, watch and learn,” Dan said with a smile.
	He closed his eyes and took a final drag on his cigarette before stubbing it out on the dash, his eyes still closed. He tried to clear his mind of everything, a task that was easier said than done whilst he had three witches occupying his head but he managed it eventually.
	When his mind was clear he opened his eyes and concentrated fully on opening a temporal fold. His eyes glazed and changed colour, flitting through the spectrum until they settled on a bright red.
	Behind the fighter a light crackled, and soon there was not just one single light crackling and flashing but several.
	“Now!” he screamed. “Now!”
	The fold in Time and Space opened behind him, and Dan's fighter jolted backwards. He hit the accelerator,  trying to break the pull of the temporal fold.
	Turning his head to look behind him he watched as the remnants of the explosion disappeared through the fold and he tried to close it but nothing happened. He was still being dragged backwards.
	“I could do with a hand,” he shouted as he wrestled with the controls. Looking forwards he could see the Marie Celeste still hovering, motionless, although the mist was rapidly clearing. “I need to close the fold before the Marie Celeste can move, and I'm being sucked back.”
	“Keep your foot to the floor,” Trixi replied. “I'll close the fold, you just concentrate on getting out of there.”
	Finally the Marie Celeste flashed into existence in the space surrounding the Triton Project, although her crew had no idea of the ordeal they had been through. As far as they were concerned the jump had been as it always was, quick and smooth but there was no sign of Dan. He should have followed the Marie Celeste out through the window but instead the window had closed as the Marie Celeste had appeared.
	Something had gone very, very wrong.

***

	Dan shook his head in an attempt to clear the fuzzy feeling he was experiencing, but he couldn't shake it no matter how hard he tried.
	He tried to get a grip on his surroundings but there were no landmarks as such, in fact he wasn't entirely sure there was even any land.
	As he walked effortlessly along he cast his mind back to preceding events, but trying to do so caused his head to feel even fuzzier, so he gave up.
	Dan was so busy trying to clear his head that he did not see the figure rise up out of what was possibly the ground and almost walked straight past without noticing, and had the figure not spoken to him he would have.
	"I've been expecting you," the voice was female and incredibly familiar. Dan swivelled on the spot and found himself looking straight at Tristian. 
	"I'm dreaming, right?" Dan asked, unable to believe that he was standing face to face with his dead lover. "Either that or I'm dead." 
	"Technically it's neither," Tristian replied. "For all intents and purposes, you do not exist." 
	"To be fair, I wasn't expecting that," Dan replied. 
	"No, you weren't," Tristian replied. 
	"You're creeping me out a little," Dan said quietly, squinting his eyes. "Who are you?" 
	"I'm impressed, it normally takes people much longer than that to work it out," replied Tristian, clasping her hands together. "In fact it took Noah almost a week, although he was pissed for most of that week." 
	"But I don't even believe in you," Dan replied, shaking his head. "I mean I wouldn't call myself an atheist, after everything I've seen I'd be stupid not to believe in something, but you already know that, right?" 
	"I do, but I want you to tell me who I am, the words must be said before we can continue." 
	"Which name would you like me to use?" Dan asked, checking his pockets for his cigarettes. 
	"I have thousands, many cultures have several different names for me but there is only one of me, regardless of the name used," 
	"God," Dan blurted out, catching himself by surprise a little. "You're God," and God smiled. 
	"Now we can get down to business," God said, still smiling. 
	"Before we do, can you not look like my dead lover?" Dan asked. "It's more than a little disconcerting." 
	"Of course, I apologise," replied God. "Is this better?"
	As God spoke she covered her face, and upon removing her hands she was still a she, but now she was someone Dan did not recognise, dressed in what looked like something one would expect to find on a seventeenth century noblewoman. 
	"Ta," Dan replied, nodding his head. "So you said something about getting down to business." 
	"Yes that's right I did," God's voice had changed as well as her appearance, and now she spoke in a much higher pitch, and her voice seemed to float around before it reached Dan's ears. "I believe you know my daughters." 
	"Excuse me?" Dan asked, a little shocked 
	"Pretty things they are, there were four of them although I believe that by now one of them is dead," God replied, the same light-hearted smile still spread across her face. 
	"Trixi?" Dan asked. 
	"Yes," God replied. "Janey and Sara as well," 
	"They're your daughters?" 
	"Oh yes," God paused, allowing a few moments for this to sink in before she continued. "There is one more." 
	"Jemma?" Dan asked. "But she's dead." 
	"A fifth," God continued. "There must always be four, the balance must be kept." 
	"Balance?" Dan was getting confused. "Where is the fifth sister?" 
	"That, I cannot tell you," God sighed. "But it is you, Dan. You must find her." 
	"I have other things to do," replied Dan. "I mean no offence, but we kinda have bigger things on our plate right now.”
	"Ah yes, the Sporallians," God replied. "I really never did like them." 
	"So you won't mind if I kick the shit outta' them then?" Dan asked with a chuckle. 
	"No by all means," replied God. "They are strong warriors but not the greatest thinkers, with the power I have given you, you should have no trouble defeating them at all." 
	"That was you?" Dan asked, shaking his head, and not for the first time. 
	"Who did you think it was?" This time God laughed, clasping her hands together once more as she did so. Dan simply shrugged.
	"Now you go, as you rightly say you are on the front line of an interstellar war."
	Before Dan had a chance to say another word, as quickly as she had come God had gone, and Dan found himself alone once more. 
	"Hello?" Dan said quietly. "Hello? How do I get back."
	He found out soon enough, as there was a deafening sound much like a clap of thunder followed by a blinding flash of white light. 

***
	An alarm shrilled out, echoing around the corridors of the Triton Project, the metallic walls doing nothing but amplifying the already near deafening noise. JD arrived upon the bridge to find Trixi and Janey already there.
	“We have distress calls coming in from all over,” Trixi turned, hearing JD's heavy footsteps as he ran onto the bridge. “We've got them in English, French, Russian and Afrikaans so far.”
	“I guess it wasn't only the British PM who decided to evacuate,” JD said as he ran his eyes down the list. “At this rate I find myself expecting a call from the Americans as well.”
	“It looks like most of the calls are coming from the same area of space,” said Janey as she poured over the scanners.
	“Let me guess,” began JD. “Sporallian territory by any chance?”
	“You guessed right,” Janey replied. “Earth wasn't evacuated using warships, these are essentially public transport vehicles.”
	“We have to do something,” JD folded his arms as he spoke. “I'll take the Marie Celeste and as many fighters as we can spare, but we're gonna need to be able to mount an effective defence from right here.”
	“I'll handle that,” Pete said as he entered the bridge. “Take K, rendezvous with Ged and Sara. You're gonna need all the help you can get.”
	“But what about you?” JD asked. “Who's helping you out?”
	“That would be me,” Blayze replied, resting a hand upon Pete's shoulder. “Plus we have four seriously powerful witches here.”
	“Go,” Trixi ordered. “There really isn't a lot of time,”
	JD turned and ran towards the fighter bay. The Marie Celeste was also there, and he called K on the com on his way down.
	They were soon on board and before the fighter bay doors were even halfway open, JD guided the vessel expertly through the gap and out into space. He stopped the Marie Celeste a little way away from the Triton Project and flicked on the com.
	“We're gonna' have a race,” he began. “We got space for eight fighters in the cargo bay, so the first eight of you inside get to come along and kick the shit out of some alien scum.”
	All around the Triton Project, raucous cheers went up and chairs were pushed back hurriedly, scraping over the metallic floor, as those who thought they could be of service raced down to the fighter bay.
	JD heard all of this over the com and smiled and turning to K he said, “there's nothing like healthy competition, eh?”

***

	“Chinese, Dutch, Finnish, Mexican,” Janey turned to Trixi. “We're getting more and more through Ma'am.”
	“Let them all know that help is on the way,” replied Trixi, stubbing out her cigarette on the console. “I'm gonna' take Sara and see if we can't save the life of a little girl.”
	“Where do you want me Ma'am?” Pete asked.
	“I want you in the sky with Blayze and Anna, ready to deal with whatever comes,” replied Trixi as she turned to the youngest of her sisters. “Sara, you're with me.”

***

	JD watched as a stream of fighters exited the massive space station via the bay doors, and couldn't help but laugh.
	“Don't think we're gonna' have room for all of them,” K smiled as she too watched the spectacle.
	“You're right,” JD replied. “Things might get a little messy there, tensions running as high as they are.”
	“Sign off.” Taking charge, K shouted into the com.
	“West.”
	“Hammond.”
	“Jones.”
	“Archer.”
	“Fielder.”
	“Couch.”
	“Levy.”
	“Orson.”
	“That's it,” K interrupted the role call before anyone else could speak. “You eight, you're with us. The rest of you, stick around. You're gonna' get some action here soon enough.”
	“Ma'am.” The replies came through thick and fast, echoing the same sentiment. Everyone simply wanted to fight. 	The fighters were soon docked in the cargo bay of the Marie Celeste and JD took the vessel a little ways away before he engaged the Half-Light Drive. Then, she was gone.

***

	“Get in formation,” Ged yelled over the com. “Don't let them break our fucking line!” Ged'd hoped it wouldn't come to this, travelling through Sporallian territory was the last thing he'd wanted to do, but there had been little choice.
	“They're taking us apart Sir.”
	“I've been hit.”
	“This is the Santos.” This transmission came through in broken English, an alarm could be heard in the background. “I have on board many South American dignitaries, we are leaking oxygen.”
	“Seal off all affected areas,” Ged replied. “Help will be here soon I'm sure of it, we just have to hold together.”
	Ged checked the scanners and saw several Sporallian fighters coming in unchecked.
	“There's twelve fighters coming in on our six!” he yelled into the com. “Give them fucking Hell!”
	As Ged watched the scanners, he noticed another vessel approaching at high speed.
	“We got 'em,” K's voice came over the com, as Ged breathed a sigh of relief. “Hold the line at the front, we have your back.”

***

	Trixi entered the isolation unit with Sara right behind her. The girl in the bed sat up and stared at them.
	“You will pay for this outrage,” Echidna growled. “I will not be held captive.”
	“In a few minutes you won't have to worry about such things,” replied Trixi. “I am going to perform an exorcism of sorts.”
	“Remove me from the body and the girl will die,” Echidna said, raising her eyebrow. “You know this is true.”
	“Do I?” Trixi asked. “I'm not convinced, I think this is the final act of cowardice from a being who has spent her most recent life hiding behind others. Now you're hiding behind a little girl, and you know she is inordinately stronger than you.”
	“Lies!” Echidna yelled.
	“We'll see,” replied Trixi, as she nodded to Sara.
	Despite the fact that the werewolf was strapped down, Sara hesitated slightly before she placed her hands heavily on her chest.
	“I can feel Secily inside,” she said without turning. “She is almost screaming to be released.”
	“Then I think we just need to give her a nudge in the right direction.” Trixi closed her eyes and held her hands out, palms facing toward the werewolf.
	“What are you doing?” Echidna growled. Trixi paused and opened a single eye.
	“You know this will go much more smoothly if you shut the fuck up.”
	She nodded to Sara, and smiled as her sister removed a hand from Echidna's chest and landed a blow so hefty on the jaw of the werewolf that she instantly passed out.
	“Much better,” said a satisfied Trixi. “Now where was I...? Ah, yes.”
	She closed her eye and once more held out her hands with palms facing the werewolf. Tiny bolts of electricity shot down the lines of her palms, over and over until there appeared to be a constant flow.
	“She can feel you,” Sara yelled. A wind had appeared from nowhere, whipping around the isolation unit. “She wants out.”
	Bolts of electrical charge shot from Trixi's palms toward the unconscious body on the bed.
	“She is screaming to you,” Sara raised her voice even more as electricity began to course through the body of the werewolf.
	“I need you, Sara!” Trixi yelled, her eyes still closed. “I can't do this alone.”
	Sara stood, removing her hands from Echidna's chest and battled against the wind. She placed her palms against her sister's, and with a single clap of thunder the two sisters were sent flying in opposite directions across the room. As soon as they had gotten their bearings the hurriedly stood up and rushed over to the bed.
	“Trixi? Sara?” The girl looked up at the two women stood over her. It was Secily. “I got so lost, I'm sorry.”
	“Don't worry,” Trixi said kindly, and whilst still looking down at Secily she raised her right arm behind her, catching the spirit of Echidna in an energy field. “It's not over quite yet.”

***

	JD guided the Marie Celeste toward the fighters that were attacking the flag ship.
	“K get on the guns,” he shouted, flicking on the com. “The rest of you guys better be ready, I'm opening up the doors, now.”
	“We're ready Sir,” the replies came back. 
	“Good,” JD replied. “Go kick some arse.”
	He watched on the scanner as the fighters left the cargo bay and headed straight for the rear of the attacking vessels.
	“Cover them K, we can't afford to lose a single one.”
	“I've got them, don't worry,” K replied as she swung around in the chair, the scope seemingly attached to her eye. She released a volley of fire and JD saw a smile creep onto her face.
	“Yes!” she yelled excitedly. “Direct hit!”

***

	“Release me this instant.” Now Echidna had no body to inhabit, her voice appeared distant and insignificant, however Trixi knew that if she released her, the spirit of the werewolf would likely try to inhabit Secily once more.
	“Are you ready Sara?” Trixi asked, ignoring the spirit.
	“As I'll ever be,” Sara replied. “Throw her at me.”
	Trixi did as she was asked. With such momentum behind it the spirit could only travel forwards, and as it did so Sara closed her eyes.
	From behind her, a spirit of her own conjuring arose in a cloud of smoke. It was incorporeal but then again so was the spirit of Echidna, and it opened its ghostly mouth and swallowed the spirit whole, only to vanish as quickly as it had appeared.
	Trixi and Sara sagged, the amount of energy each had expended was tremendous and had taken an incredible toll on the sisters. Panting, they both turned to the bed to see Secily sat cross legged, waiting for them to recover slightly before she leapt on them, hugging them and holding them close.
	“Thank you,” she whispered to each sister in turn.

***

	Trixi and Sara arrived on the bridge, each holding one of Secily's hands in their own. Janey turned as she heard them arrive.
	“Pete's reported some weird electrical activity out there,” she said. “Like someone's trying to open a portal.”
	“That can only be bad,” Sara said, letting go of Secily and rushing over to the scanners.
	“Unless...” Trixi was cut off before she could finish as a yelp of joy came across the com. “Oh go on, tell me that's you.”
	“Oh, it's me,” Dan replied. “And have I got a fucking story to tell you.”
	“There's a couple of things first,” Trixi said, as she laughed. “I got someone her who wants to say hello.”
	“Dan is that you?” Secily asked.
	“It's me baby girl, how you feeling?”
	“Good, thank you,” Secily replied.
	“Don't mention it, glad you're OK.”
	Unbeknown to those on the Triton Project, Dan wiped a single tear from his cheek.
	“OK what else you got for me?”
	“Sporallians,” Trixi replied. “JD and K took the Marie Celeste out there as back up.”
	“Who else do I have up here with me?”
	“You got us mate,” Pete said, and Dan could almost see the smile on his face as he spoke. “Blayze as well.”
	“You think one of you lovely witch-type ladies could jump us over there?” Dan asked.
	“I'm sure we could stretch to that,” Trixi replied.
	As she spoke Dan's fighter became surrounded by a thick mist.
	“It's good to have you back.”
	The next thing Dan knew the mist had cleared and he, Pete, Anna and Blayze were in formation behind the Marie Celeste.
	“Man, you gotta' love those witches,” Dan laughed. 
	“Too right,” Pete replied.
	“Good to see you guys,” JD's voice came over the com. “Just in time, too.”
	“Anyone got any nukes on board?” Dan asked.
	“Yeah, but they have us on the defensive,” JD replied.
	“I got an idea,” said Dan.

***

	The Marie Celeste vanished from before the line of fighters, only to reappear in the same point in space a few seconds later.
	“OK, everyone hold your positions and put shields to maximum, cut all unnecessary power,” JD ordered. “In about forty seconds it's gonna' get rough as fuck up here.”
	That forty seconds was the slowest forty seconds of everybody's life as they sat waiting.
	That forty seconds was also the time it took for the Sporallian fleet to reach the minefield of thermonuclear warheads that K and JD had put down, having utilised the Half-Light Drive during those few seconds' disappearance.
	When it happened, the explosion was incredible as first one, then two, then every single battle cruiser in the Sporallian fleet was ripped inside out by the force of several hundred nuclear blasts. 
	As the human fleet picked its way through the debris, JD took on board a few fighters, Dan, Pete, Anna and Blayze included and engaged the Half-Light Drive. The Marie Celeste disappeared from her position at the rear of the fleet and arrived in orbit around the refugee moon, touching down just over a minute later.

***

	“You're gonna' get a hell of a lot busier in a couple of days,” Dan said as he approached a member of the medical staff stationed at the refugee camp. “I suggest you think about expanding a little.”
	“We will,” the nurse replied. “You got them through then, Sir?”
	“Most of them,” Dan replied. “Didn't lose a single star ship though.”
	“My brother is on one of the star ships,” The nurse replied. “So I thank you.”
	“There's no need,” replied Dan walking off. “It's what we do.” He paused to light a cigarette on his way back to the Marie Celeste.
	“It's what we do.”




...To Be Continued
