Phantom
Birth of an Arc
By
Gabriel Common
This is a work of fiction. The events and characters described herein are imaginary and are not intended to refer to specific places or living persons. The opinions expressed in this manuscript are solely the opinions of the author. The author has represented and warranted full ownership and/or legal right to publish all the materials in this book.

Phantom
All Rights Reserved.
Copyright © 2008 Gabriel Common

Smashwords edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. This book may not be reproduced, transmitted, or stored in whole or in part by any means, including graphic, electronic, or mechanical without the express written consent of the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Cover art Design by Tiffany Compton – deviantart user profile - Eisoptrophobic
Cover Landscape art by devianart user profile – Wyldraven
Federation cover symbol – Angelo Ruiz
Book Editor – Virgo Castro
Special Thanks to Lamar Latham

Prologue
Since the beginning of time, mankind has been in a constant struggle between good and evil. However, there are some places where the battle is a more physical one, then a mental. It all started eons ago, in the early years of time, with the three planes of existence. The higher plane was called Heaven, it was inhabited by celestial beings called angels, the middle plane was called Eden, it was inhabited by physical beings called humans, and the lower was called Hell, it was inhabited by dark beings called demons. 
There has always existed constant war between Heaven and Hell, with Eden being the battleground. One day a legion of Angels grew tired of following the orders of the divine king of Heaven and decided to rebel. Being that they were celestial beings with no free will, they launched a scheme to merge their species with the humans. Led by the three archangels; Lucifer, Samyaza and Azazel, a legion of two hundred angels entered Eden and spread their seed throughout the universe creating what became the Nephilim; physical beings that possesses the powers of angels, but the free will of man. 
Teaming up with Hell, the Nephilims’ goal was to corrupt mankind and overthrow Heaven. The war went on for decades, until one day the Divine King had had enough.  He destroyed all of the corrupt beings, uprooting them from Eden and closed the gates between the three planes, so that no type of corruption like the Nephilim would ever again reach Eden. Even though the angels and demons could no longer physically influence mankind, they were still able to mentally influence them with what they had taught the humans, and this is where our story ends with Earth.
But far from Earth in a distant galaxy called Evangeline, the Angel and Demons were finding ways to bend the rules. The Demons teamed with evil humans and gave them special powers. The demons first created the Kaiju, humans with the ability to shape-shift into powerful creatures. They then created the Summoners, humans with the ability to convert their bodies into temporary gateways allowing the Demons to cross onto Eden.
The Angels on the other hand teamed up with good humans and created The Divine Federation, an organization dedicated to stopping the evil humans from reopening the Gates of Hell. Within this Federation, certain humans would be selected to be given the Angels’ gift which gave them certain powers similar to angels in order to battle the Kaiju and the Summoners. These groups of elite warriors were called Arcs.

Chapter I

The painful screams of a young woman echoed throughout the halls of a small hospital. In a small delivery room, a nurse held Rose's hand in an attempted to comfort her while a doctor talked to her through a rough procedure. 
"Come on….. Rose, push! You're almost there!"  spoke the doctor in a calm soothing voice. 
The young woman let out a painful scream that ended just as she heard the cries of her newborn son. As the doctor and the nurse laid eyes on the baby boy, as their mouths dropped in shock to its foreign appearance. The doctor slowly turned the baby boy around for a better view of the little feathered wings that protruded from his tiny the baby's back. 
"Oh my God!" spoke a nurse, before dropping her jaw in shock. "What is this?" 
Their amazement was cut short as Rose suddenly screamed again in pain startling everyone in the room. "There's another one coming," the doctor shouted handing the first baby to one of the nurses. The medical crew frantically rushed back to their station to help Rose deliver her second child. Her screams escalated and echoed throughout the small hospital. 
Three floors above the delivery room, a man dressed in black stood under the night sky. He stared into the stars while listing to the painful screams of his lover giving birth to his two infant sons. He wanted nothing more than to be at her side but didn't want to cause her more heartache  than he already had. In that moment his thoughts were stolen by the voice of an old friend floating into his ear from behind him. "I didn't expect to find you here, Krisstan," it said.  
Not turning from his view, the man in black replied, "At the hour of my sons' birth, where else would I be?" 
He let a sigh of pain then finally turned around to acknowledge his friend. "I see they're trying to play on my emotions by sending you Michael." he said. "I guess they're taking advantage of the fact that you were always like a brother to me." 
"You betrayed us Krisstan. You knew the rules, but you paid them no heed. I am afraid; there is nothing I can do for you now." 
Krisstan put his head down with a sorrowful reply. "I see…..." 
"Please Krisstan, do not flee." 
"At the hour of my son's birth, what kind of father would I be if I did?" He replied while picking his head back-up and stared Micheal in the eyes.

“Then let us return to heaven for your judgment, the Seraphim are waiting.”
Krisstan put his hands together and his head down concentrating on his teleport while his body gradually floated as he lifted his head and opens his arms. His body glowed while a white ball of light emerged, out of his body. At the same time, his body began emitting bright white steam, while two wings gradually grew out of his back. As his appearance was going through the changes, Michael’s body also rhythmically followed the transformation. The environment around the two suddenly shifted. It quickly brightened and the building around them faded out; while they both faded into a bright room, which was built with crystal walls and golden pillars that circled around them.
 In this plane, their bodies rather were not glowing and emitting white steam as it did in the mortal plane. Now in heaven, they appeared as normal being left only with white, feathered wings extending out from their backs.
“So you’ve finally decided to return Krisstan?” came a thundering echoing voice that seemed to vibrate the environment, followed by the sight of seven glowing beings that faded into the room. Their bodies shaped as humans but they had no physical features; only glowing wings that stretched out from each of their backs. They were the Seven Seraphim of heaven, the highest beings of the Angel hierarchy.
Krisstan kneeled before the seven and spoke, “Please be merciful, for I am aware of my sins and do not deserve your grace.”
One of the Seraphim stepped forward, and in a voice that echoed as a song, he spoke. “Krisstan, you went against the word and gave in to your lust for a mortal being. I’m afraid mercy is the last thing you will receive.”
“My action was not the effect of lust but love. I love this human, and at this moment she is giving birth to my sons, Raven and Traiven.”
“Krisstan, despite your motives, your sin cannot be justified.” 
Another Seraphim then stepped forward and stated. “Now you have brought the Nephilim back into existence. You know being half human gives them a free Will, while still possessing the power of the angels… You also know that was the reason why every Eye of Eden was destroyed but the one that you were charged to protect. But what did you end up doing?” He continued, “You used it to manifest yourself onto the plane of Eden to be with a human.”
Krisstan bowed his head and sighed, “Day after day, I watched the humans live out their lives while living among them; and day after day I envied them. I was able to contain myself until I met Rose, that’s when everything changed.” He then lifted his head. “I never intended for things to go as far as they did but I don’t regret it.”
“Krisstan!” Shouted another Seraphim. “Anywhere else we would be able to grant your life with your love and your sons, but Earth is an isolated planet unknown to the rest of the universe. You will continue to guard the Eye of Eden, but you will be banished from Heaven and put on planet Croft. There you will remain and raise one of your sons, your other son will remain on Earth with his mother and will never learn of his origin.”
Krisstan gave a depressing sigh and bowed his head letting out a single teardrop. He then gave a silent plea, “I am sorry Rose.”

Eighteen years later . . .
In a distant solar system at the edge of our galaxy, a fleet of warships headed toward a large brown planet with rocky surface. Their target was a large rusty fortress in the shape of a pentagon. The fortress had a series of pointy, tall towers on each of its exterior angles. There also existed pathways that connected the towers and thick pillars that extended from each tower horizontally to the center that held up a wide pyramid shaped section. There were cannons mounted atop the pyramid and turrets posted in large windows along the walls of the structure. 
The quiet peaceful setting was quickly interrupted by loud alarms to warn of the incoming war ships. Soldiers scattered within the fortress, as an alarm sound reached its peak. A voice shouted over a communications system giving orders for the soldiers to mount their battle stations and prepare to defend their castle. The voice came from the man posted in the pyramid above the fortress. Within the pyramid were soldiers in brown uniforms that were posted at large computer screens and control panels. In the center of the room was a circular black panel with a holographic video feed of the massive fleet that headed straight toward their position. 
In that moment the entrance opened and three men hastily walked into the control room. Two were dressed as typical solider; while the other wore on a dark brown cloak, with its hood hanging over his head almost covering his entire face. As they three men approached the center hologram their leader quickly removed his hood; revealing a young face that carried blonde hair with bangs that stretched down to the top of his gray eyes. His appearance projected him as to be in his mid thirties; making it difficult for one to quickly spot out that he was actually twenty years older than his appearance. Though his face appeared innocent, his body without a doubt showed he was a warrior. He was built with broad shoulders that he could use to run through anything that gets in his way. 
He walked to the center hologram with his two guards; they watched in silence as the fleet of ships gradually approached their planet. The blonde man gave a doubtless smirk, “Looks like the Federation didn’t waste any time.” He said calmly with his unique deep voice, that sounded years older then he looked.
“Just as we expected Lord Lance,” Replied one of the men who stood behind him. 
Lance stared at the feed for a second with an anxious smile, before shouting to the entire room. “Is the defense system ready?!” 
“Yes, but we still haven’t tested It!” Respond another man who sat at one of the control panels.
“Well there’s no time like the present,” Lance said with a cocky smirk on his face.
“My lord!” called another one of the men from his computer station. “We’re receiving a transmission from General Shinnle.”
“This ought to be interesting,” Lance replied as he walked over to the computer screen and stood behind him. 
An older man appeared on the screen before them wearing his full regalia, a black trousers and a black thick long sleeve shirt that had a white splitting line that ran from the neck area down to its tail. The shirt button also ran next to the white splitting line, it also carried red stripes on its shoulders. Over his heart was a symbol, which was a silver shield with white, feathered wings that protruded on its sides. The symbol also carried two swords that were crossing behind the shield with a gold ten-point star over its front.
“General Shinnle!” called Lance. “Didn’t you think sending your warships was obvious enough?” 
“No blood has to be shed today, Lance.” replied the General. “You are guilty of crimes against Eden, surrender and let the people of Sabola be free of your war.”
“You have an entire fleet of ships ready to attack my planet, yet you’re calling me the bad guy!” Lance replied yelled. “Is it wrong for me to seek a different life other than what the Divine King has to offer?” 
“It is when you put the lives of others at stake to do it.” General Shinnle replied.
“Well then go ahead!” Lance stated. “Send your armies and send your Arcs.”
“You can’t win Lance!”
“Maybe, but I’m not as foolish as you think. I did expect you to eventually find out my true intentions, so I planned accordingly. Your men won’t even make it through our atmosphere.” Lance boasted. General Shinnle face changed as he got angry and went off the screen. Lance then turned back to his soldiers, “Protect the Gateway at all cost, I’m sure that’s what they’re really after.”

The fleet of warships had just reached the atmosphere of the brown planet. Leading the fleet were large grey carriers, each had rectangular fuselage that were adorn with short wings wide enough to stretch across from the front of the ships to its back. On each ship mounted the Divine Federation’s symbol, the silver shield and gold star, with crossed swords behind it and wings on its side. Directly behind the carriers were dozens of smaller, oval shaped ships. These ships were dark blue in color with wings that curved out toward its back. Like the carriers, they had front windows behind its short nose, also large circular thrusters on their backs and the federation’s symbol, which mounted on its sides. In place of a star over the shield on the symbol, each had a different three-digit number, all starting with the number seven. These smaller ships were called Phantoms and were the most valuable assets to the Divine Federation. 
As the group of ships descended gradually from its normal flying range; large hatches quickly slid open on the large carriers releasing dozens of small fighter ships that rushed down towards planet. As they entered its atmosphere, they stumble upon large floating gun turrets that quickly opened fire, shooting out streams of green glowing energy, which instantly destroyed each of the fighters with a single hit.

Across the solar system from the brown planet Sabola, on a bright green and blue planet called Vana, General Jonanthan Shinnle stood over a large square platform watching a holographic feed of the battle. “STOP THE FLEET!” He shouted as he saw a few of his carriers easily go down from the artillery of the floating turrets. 
Soldiers posted at various computer screens and control panels surrounded General Shinnle. They were all dressed in a similar uniform to his own; and sat around a brightly lit room with its gray walls. Above them was a shining ceiling that lit the room as if light came in directly from the planet’s natural light source.
General Shinnle stared at the feed of the planet Sabola’s surface for a bit before devising a new plan of attack. “Run a scan of their atmosphere,” find an point of entry.” He demanded.
Just as the soldiers went to work Lance’s voice appeared on one of the screens before General Shinnle. “I’m afraid you’ll only be wasting your time.” Said Lance still with a cocky tone.
General Shinnle turned toward the screen with Lance a replied. “We won’t give up that easy Lance.”
“Proceed if you wish, but these are not ordinary turrets, they fire compressed shots of intense plasma energy that explodes on impact. Even your powerful shields can’t withstand their force as you have already witness.”
General Shinnle stared at the screen, blank in silence, unable to think of a solution to the pressure his fleet faced at that moment.
“And do feel free to look for a point of access.  But you’ll find these turrets around our entire atmosphere of Sabola.” Lance added with a confident grim. 
In that moment a soldier who had just left his computer station whispered on General Shinnles’ left ear. “He’s right sir. I checked and those turrets are everywhere.” 
General Shinnle strained his fist in anger before turning to one of his men; “Call them back!” He turned back to his screen and said to Lance, “You won’t be able to hide behind your defenses forever Lance.”
“Soon I won’t have to.” Said Lance with a victorious grin before he off the screen.


Back near planet Sabola’s, a single Phantom stood out from the fleet that was posted just outside of the planet’s atmosphere.
 “This is Phantom Seven-Five-One. Vana, Do you copy?”
“This is Vana. What’s your status Five-One?”
“We’re in position and ready to commence the mission.”
“Stand by for further instructions.”
“Aye.” 
Within the bridge of the ship, Benny turned his chair around facing the center where Captain Joker Jenkins sat sipping on a warm cup of tea. 
“Captain, Vana has ordered us to stand by.”
“I know Benny, I just heard the message.” Replied Joker with anxiety.
Benny then silently turned back around to face the front screen that was also accompanied by, the helm and the control panel on its side. “You know sir, it might be wise for us to withdraw.” Suggested Benny while staring at the large planet before them. “After our recent lost I’d say we’ve paid more then our fair share of dues for this war.”
“Casualties come with the responsibility.” Joker replied. “Besides, we don’t see this through till the end, Vincent’s sacrifice will have been for nothing.” 
“I understand that but I’m just worried about Raven.” Stated Benny. “He hasn’t quite been the same since.”
Joker sighed, “I know.”
In that moment a metal door in the back of the bridge slid open and a young woman named Bethany Smartly anxiously walked in. She wore white slacks and a white jacket that carried light green stripes on her sleeves. Over her heart was a light green symbol of a hollow circle, with a green line vertically crossing the bottom. Bethany walked further onto the bridge and stopped as she reached the back of Benny’s chair. She never took her gaze off the large brown planet posted on the front screen.
“Ironic…” she said. “…for having such an evil leader, the Sabola is sure a beautiful site.” 
At that moment, a transmission from Vana spoke over the communication system. “Five-One, this is Vana, do you copy?”
“Loud and clear,” responded Benny.
“You have been ordered, by General Shinnle to abort the mission.”
“Why?” questioned Joker.
“A new development has just surfaced about the enemy’s defense system. We’ll abort the operation until we have a way through.”
 “Understood” Joker sighed. “Benny, take us home.”
“You got it.” Replied Benny.
Outside their ship, a group of Phantoms sat just outside of the atmosphere. Each ship had two human figures standing on top of them looking down on planet Sabola, all except for Phantom Seven-Five-One which had only one figure standing atop its haul. The young man standing on it had short dark hair with radiant blue eyes; which complimented his young face. He wore the Federation uniform; on his symbol three five-point stars marked his rank. At his waist hung a sword with a shiny blue blade fixed onto a white handle. The sword’s hand guards were shaped like wings of a silver Phoenix with the rest of its silver body swirling around the white handle.
“Raven!” called the voice of Joker over a small communication device lodged in his ear. 
“Due to insufficient data on the enemy’s defenses, we’re aborting this mission for now.”
“But captain, what about the Gateway?” Objected the young man. “Every second we avoid them is a second closer to them raising Cassius.” Raven stated… 
“If we act now, we’ll lose. Their defense is too powerful.” Joker replied. “Don’t worry they’re no where close to raising Cassius now. We have time.” 

Raven stared down at the planet in anger wanting to follow the orders of his captain, but at the same time he was filled with a vengeful rage. Raven took in a deep breath, and as he excelled, his white, feathered wings violently stretched out his back. 
“Raven! What are you doing?!” Shouted Joker.
“You guys can run if you want to, but I’m going to destroy that Gateway before the Summoners can use it.” 
“VANA HAS ORDERED US TO ABORT!” Joker demanded.
“IT WAS VANA’S ORDERS THAT GOT VINCENT KILLED!” Raven shouted back. “Following them is the last thing I wanna do right now!”
In the moment, Raven bent his knees and then leaped from the ship, heading straight toward Sabola’s surface. 
He fell through the sky face-first into the atmosphere. As he approached the planet, all the turrets in a synchronized motion aimed in his direction and opened fire. Raven, at that point, kept changing his wings in motion. This caused his body to shift from side to side, dodging the barrage of turret fire, speedily approaching. Raven finally made it safely passed the turrets but as he passed a low satellite hovering over the planet’s atmosphere, it deployed two small mechanical robots that chased after him in every direction he turned.
While maneuvering his way to evade the stalking robots; he took a sudden noticed of red beams, which barely missed piercing its way through his clothing. He then lifted his left hand up and a small gun emerged from his sleeve. He leaned back toward the robots and fired back successfully destroying one, while the other robot immediately shot the gun out of his hand. Instantaneously, he quickly drew his sword and deflected countless shots, which approached him with speed that left him no second to take a breath. As he quickly turned back around to have a good sense of his direction and caught the sight of a mountain fast running toward him. Instinctively, he turned his body to the right avoiding a collision, but then he fell to the mountain side. He quickly sprang back up and swung his sword cutting off a piece of a rock from the mountain. As the piece of rock fell off and was accelerating its way to the ground, he kicked it toward the robot and destroyed it upon contact.

Lance watched on the screen through the point of view of the last robot as the rock flew speedily toward it and then his screen cut into black. 
A soldier quickly walked in and went up to Lance. “My lord, their fleet is retreating,” he stated. Lance pressed a button next to the screen and the image of Raven before he destroyed the robot took the center. “Apparently not,” stated Lance as he. turned to the soldier. “Find him and kill him!” he ordered.
“Yes sir!” the soldier responded frantically. Just at that instant a voice of a young man traveled in the room from the entrance. “Leave him to me.” It stated. Both froze. Then, looked toward the direction of the voice as an image of a gray figure, standing in darkness of the doorway, emerged into view. 
“Moth, how nice of you to finally join us.” Lance stated sarcastically with an irritated look. “I had sent for you days ago.” 
Moth held on to his words a bit, while slowly walking into the room, before responding. “Had to make a quick detour.” Then he gestured his finger toward Raven on the screen. “I’ve faced him before, so let me settle things with him.”
 	“He is no ordinary Arc,” Warned Lance. “It isn’t going to be so easy to kill him like you did with his former partner.” replied Lance. 
Moth silently turned and walked out while saying. “Don’t worry, I’ve always wanted to kill a Nephilim!”

Raven, finally came into view of a massive castle in the distance. He shifted his body and changed his direction toward, where he intended on landing. Just as he was about to hit the castle surface, he quickly stretched his wings and turned his body vertically bringing himself to a midair stop, he then retracted his wings and fell a few feet onto its highest point. There he could pick up on the sound of a sirens going off from every section of Sabola. The soldiers were scrambled around the area. For that reason everything worked in his favor, because he took advantage of the chaos to reach his destination without being noticed.

Joker waited anxiously on the bridge of the Phantom as Raven’s voice finally came over the communication system. “Captain, I’ve just reached the castle.”
“HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?!” Joker shouted angrily. “
“I’m already here so we might as well complete this mission.” Revolted Raven.
Joker sighed calming himself down gradually. “Do they know you’re there?” 
“I was spotted by two sentry robots,” said Raven.
“Darn! Raven, you can still turn back. I’m sure by now they’re looking for you. If you stay, you’ve only got minutes to destroy the Gateway and get out.”
“I only need minutes.” Raven said. 
“If you face any confrontation, abort immediately. Do you understand?!”
“I’m sure it’ll be nothing I can’t handle.” He stated.

Raven jumped down from the peak of the castled and landed on a large courtyard in its center. He then moved toward a large machine, posted within the courtyard. He tilted his head up as he moved closer to the machine and stopped before a huge grey arch and stared up at it in amazement as it towered over him. “Wow, this thing is huge.” He whispered to Joker through his earpiece.
“Just hurry up and destroy it Raven. I don’t want you on that planet for too long.” Joker whispered back as if Raven’s life was in danger.
“Got it!” Raven responded. 
Raven walked to a control panel at its side and pulled out a small device, which was shaped as a pin from his belt. He aimed it at the panel and a red beam shot from the device touching the panel. A few seconds passed before the beam retracted.
“Captain, I just sent you data on the Gateway.” Raven whispered.
Joker stood over Benny, stared at the screen as information on the machine appeared. “I’m looking at it now,” Joker said.
“Looks like they’re almost done, I’d say about one more week.” Benny remarked.
“If they could open a gateway to Hell, then they can release all of the demons that are too powerful for them to summon, including Cassius.” Joker mentioned. 
“I didn’t think it was even possible.” Stated Benny.

Raven, was staring at the machine, as Joker voice again came into his ear set. “There are theories, but I’d rather not find out. Raven destroy it now!”
Raven at that moment noticed a bright glow emitting from top of the machine. He looked up and saw a clear square box with a divine white light trapped within. As he Raven stepped closer to the arch, the light grew brighter. His mouth dropped in shock as he realized what the shinning object was. “Captain,” He whispered. “It’s the Eye of Eden, this must be how they’re able to build the gateway.”
“Of course, they’re going to convert it to connect to Hell instead of Heaven!” Replied Joker.
“Should I retrieve it?” Raven asked.
“No time, just destroy it along with the gateway?” Joker said making sure that a sense of urgency is heard in his voice.  
Raven finally grabbed the handle of his sword, and unsheathed. “Unfortunately, I lost my gun in the landing. I’ll have to do this the long way.” He then bent his knees taking a stance to strike.
“RAVEN! Shouted a familiar voice that caused Raven to violently stop. 
Raven quickly turned and immediately caught the sight of a dark figure standing behind him. As the man stepped into focus Raven took notice of a man dressed in a gray outfit which came with black gloves that extended past his elbows. He also had on a gray mask made out of a clothing material, that covered most of his face except for an eyehole for his left eye, and an upper right corner, which revealed slightly, what seemed to be decayed flesh.
“Moth!” Raven said angrily as he tightened his grip on to his sword handle. “I was kind of hoping I’d run into you again.” 
“Well, after my last job against your team, I thought it was time to give you a closer experience of my power.” Moth boasted.
“Raven!” came the voice of Joker through Raven earpiece. “WHAT ARE YOU DOING? DESTROY THAT THING NOW!”
“Don’t worry Captain,” Raven answered. “I’ll get to the machine. But first, I have some unfinished business.” Raven then reached to his ear and took out his communication device.
“Aren’t you deviant today?!” Joked Moth. “Didn’t realize I meant that much to you.” He then stretched out his arms, and a foot long blade emerged out from each of his gloves, over the backs of his hands. 
Raven replied with a satisfied grim. “Well it’s not everyday I get to enjoy my job.” Raven slowly lifted his sword and bent his knees. “And I’m going to enjoy killing you.” 
Moth then lifted his arms with a sinister grin on his face. He bent his knees, in his unique fighting stance, which seem to be oddly familiar to Raven, but he had so much hate for Moth that he brushed it off.
The two stared at each other for a second as the fury of an impending battle began build up within them both. In an instant they quickly rushed toward each other, Moth swung his right blade and Raven blocked it with his sword. Moth quickly saw an opening while Raven’s sword was blocking his right blade and swung his left blade at Raven’s chest. Raven quickly jumped backward dodging the attack while thrusting his left palm forward emitting a powerful unseen force. Moth quickly crossed his arm as he was hit by the force and pushed back several feet. He managed to land on his toes.
Raven launched toward his enemy with his sword cocked back and took a swing. Moth rhythmically synchronized Raven’s movement by lifting his blades, blocking each attack until he finally went on the offensive and thrust his right blade toward Raven’s chest again. Raven quickly spun around and dodged the attack. he ended up behind Moth then quickly swung his sword, hitting Moth on his back. Moth was pushed forward a few steps, and quickly turned to blocked Raven’s next attack. Moth thrust his blade again and Raven flipped over Moth, dodging Moth’s attack yet again. This time, as Raven came down swinging, Moth quickly jumped forward, out of the way and turned his body. He then grabbed some small disk like blades from his cloak and threw them at Raven. Raven quickly jumped back and evaded the blades, but failed to notice that Moth had rushed toward him with his right palm cocked backward. Once Moth reached Raven, he threw his palm forward with all his might and emitted a force greater than the one Raven had used. The force threw Raven backward, which caused him to crash into the electronic control panel of the gateway, before he fell to the ground.
Raven stood up and quickly regained his stance but noticed Moth looking over him with a terror. Raven turned and looked up to notice sparks flying from top the gateway. The gateway shook violently, as if it was about to explode, and the light from the Eye of Eden slowly grew with intensity. Both men started their sprint away from the gateway as it exploded and created a bright light that disappeared as fast as it appeared.
 The force of the explosion had pushed Moth to the ground, once he recovered; he looked back and saw that the gateway was destroyed, with the Eye of Eden still intact. He continued to look around and noticed that Raven was nowhere in sight.

Meanwhile on the bridge of Phantom seven-Five-One, Benny was cautiously scanning the area while Joker tried reaching Raven through the communication device.
“raven! raven! come in!” Joker shouted but received no response.
“Captain, I’m not finding him anywhere,” stated Benny.
“Widen the search!” Joker shouted.
“I’ve searched the entire planet!” Replied Benny ”Raven is gone.”
 
Chapter II

The bright moon shone over the peaceful town of Elton, Louisiana. A small town of eleven hundred citizens. It was a peaceful home where everyone knew and trusted each other. It was surrounded by farmland and forest, and only had a single two-lane road that connected the town to the rest of the Earth. The sun had been down for just a few hours. The moon was in the center of the sky, shinning its light over a small construction zone; where a new building was in the process of being built. The pipe had just been laid and connected at the construction site, for the purpose of feeding gas for the building’s heating system.
The door of the empty unfinished building suddenly had burst open, and two teens dressed in black and wearing ski masks stepped inside holding cans of gasoline. The teen, who took the lead, stepped into the room with confidence as he started to look around for a target location.
“Are you sure we’re doing the right thing?” Asked the other teen who seemed to be a uneasy about their crime. 
“We’re doing this town a favor.” Answered the first teenager as he had turned and grabbed the cans of gasoline from him. “Now keep a lookout while I set things up.”
“Ok” the second teen responded as he walked out and closed the door behind him. 
Inside the unfinished building, the teenager opened up the cans and poured gasoline on the floor making sure to maintain a planned pattern. Once he had completed emptying of the cans; he tossed them aside, unaware that one of the cans had cracked a gas pipe upon impact. 
As the first teen stepped out the building, he noticed a distant red an blue lights gradually approaching the site. He quickly ran to the nearby roadside, meeting up with his partner.
“Go finish the job.” He told his partner. “I’ll lead him away.” 
“Are you sure this’ll be okay?”
“Yeah, the floor is concrete. It isn’t flammable. It’ll just scorch the message and that’s it.”
He quickly pulled off his ski mask revealing his eighteen year old boyish face that carried short black hair and blue eyes. He casually walked down the road, as the car grew closer. His partner ran back to the building, ignited a match, and then threw it on the gasoline. The fire began to scorched the words go away!  onto the concrete floor. As the teen retreated into the forest.
The car moved closer to then first teen as the teenage boy called out, “Sheriff Payton, what a surprise!”
“Wish I could say the same to you.” replied the Sheriff. “We’ve gotten a tip that there were trespassers on Mr. Tanner’s new property.”
“Oh,… you think it’s me.” The teen replied with a fake surprise.
“It wouldn’t be first time, Traiven.” Stated the sheriff.
“Come on, I learned my lesson.” Traiven spoke sarcastically; “Even though no one wants this guy here, we just have to sit back and continue to let him take all the jobs from the good people who lived here their entire lives. Don’t worry, I understand that now.”
“This is America, Traiven,” said the Sheriff.
“Unfortunately.” Traiven murmured.
Payton sighed, “Okay look, nothing seems to be out of order, so I’ll let you go this time. Just please stay out of trouble, and say hi to your mom for me.” 
Before the sheriff could roll up his window to drive off, a big bang and a bright flash of light suddenly came as a blur from his peripheral vision. He quickly stepped out of his car and looked toward the sound. Payton mouth instantly dropped as he noticed the building going up in a violent flame. He slowly turned to Traiven with a very angry look on his face.
“Okay,” begged Traiven, with his hands in the air. “That was not my intent.”

High above the small town and miles from the flaming building a dark blue ship had just swung into the atmosphere of Earth. As it faded back out of the clouds, two dark figures dove off headed straight toward the planet’s surface. 
“Avoid any type of confrontation you meet. We can’t at any cost risk giving ourselves away,” said Captain Lamar Latham over the communication system.
“Don’t worry, we will.” came the voice of a middle-aged man speeding down to Earth.
His voice was then followed by the voice of a younger man who accompanied him. “Why can’t we carry our weapons?”
“This is a fourth class planet, therefore the people on this planet are unaware of any activities outside their atmosphere. Carrying a weapon might draw unwanted attention.” Stated the captain. 
“But what if we run into trouble?” The young man further questioned. 
“If you do, it’ll be nothing you can’t handle without your weapons. Also, Rukaryo is carrying a gun, and that’s all you need.” Lamar stated in an effort to implant some confidence in the young man. 
“Remember, Shawn, we’ve just found out about this ourselves,” came the voice of the older man, Rukaryo. “There’s no way the Summoners would be here also.”
“True,” replied Shawn, “but it kind of makes me wonder what other kinds of secrets the Angels are keeping from us.”
“It’s not our place to question them, Shawn,” said Lamar. “They have good reasons for their actions. Our job is just to be their hands here on Eden, so let’s get this done, so we can return to Vana as soon as possible.”
The two men then continued silently down toward the ground.

Back in the small town of Elton, the sheriff’s car pulled up at Traiven’s home with his mother Rose mom waiting at the front door. The sheriff opened the passenger door and let Traiven out. The two then walked up to Rose, as she stood with her arms crossed over her chest, seeming very angry.
“Thank you so much,” she said to Sheriff Payton. “And I’m so sorry about this.”
“Mr. Tanner is actually out of town right now,” replied Payton. “But we did contact him. He is willing to work something out.”
“Okay, thanks.”
“Take care,” the sheriff said and then turned to Traiven. “Try to stay out of trouble for the rest of the night.” Payton then turned, walked back to his car and drove off; while Rose and Traiven went inside the house.
“I’m sorry Mom,” said Traiven. “But I had to. Look at all the trouble this guy has caused, he’s putting everyone out of work.”
“Traiven, I don’t want to hear it!” Rose snapped angrily. “It’s not your place to take matters into your own hands like this. Do you have any idea how much trouble you’ve caused?”
“I didn’t mean to do that much. I was just trying to leave him a message.”
“Traiven, go to your room!” She yelled.
“But Mom….”
“go to your room! i’m not in the mood to deal with this now!”
Traiven quickly silenced his tone; then turned and went upstairs. He walked in his room and closed the door behind him. Traiven sat on his bed with his head down for a minute to think. Although he felt bad for again causing his mother grief; at the same time didn’t regret the damage he had caused to the construction site. He then looked up at the clock on his wall and saw that it was five minutes past midnight. “Darn!” he thought, realizing he had only five hours before he had to get ready for his shift at the coffee shop. Traiven rolled over and closed his eyes; he was too tired to do anything else that night.

5:00 AM
Traiven jolted up in his bed to the annoying chime of his alarm clock. He rubbed his eyes trying to awake himself. When he looked down, he noticed he was still wearing the same thing he had on the previous night.
“Was I really that tired?”  He questioned himself.
He quickly rushed out of bed to get ready for work.

A half an hour later, Traiven had just walked through the door of a small coffee shop, that was covered with a beige tile floor. The walls and ceiling were brown, which intended to create a calm ambience to the room. There were small brown tables and stools posted around a circular counter, located at the center of the room. There were coffee and cappuccino machines in the middle of the circular counter. A teenage wearing a brown apron was wiping down the machines.
Traiven walked to a small hatch at the counter, opened it and walked in.
“You’re late,” said the girl as she handed a similar apron to Traiven.
“Sorry Givona, I overslept.” Traiven replied as he grabbed the apron and tied it around his waist. A door from the back suddenly opened and another teenage boy named Clinton. 
“Hey did you guys hear about what happened to Mr. Tanners new building last night.” He said as he started to mop the floor.
“Oh, no.” Lied Traiven trying to hold his innocence. 
In that moment, they all heard a banging on the front door of the shop. Their attention quickly turned to a young man in his early twenties, holding his head with an excruciating pain. He had long black hair that hung down to his shoulders and a long brown coat that hung to his ankles. The young man shook his head, then put his hands on the glass door and began to push it, as if he couldn’t figure out how to open it.
The three teens inside stared at him in confusion.
“Maybe we should give him a hand?” Suggested Givona.
“Or, we can bet on how long it’ll take him to figure it out the door doesn’t open that way.” Stated Traiven sarcastically.
Clinton quickly rushed to the door and opened it, letting the stranger inside.
“Thanks,” said the stranger. “Your door is a complicated device. You should make it more obvious; how to open it up.”
“Right….” Replied Clinton, with an awkward look.
The man walked in and instantly fixated his eyes on Traiven’s face. His mouth dropped in amazement to see Traiven’s appearance. 
The stranger’s stare began to make Traiven uneasy. “Can I help you?” He asked.
“You look just like him” the stranger answered softly. 
“What?!”
 “You’re Traiven…Right?” The stranger asked.
Traiven answered with a confused nodded.
“My name is Shawn. I’m here on important business.” Said the Stranger. “I need to have a word with you.”
Traiven quickly stepped backward in fear creating more distance between them, “Okay look… I wasn’t planning on blowing the place up, okay? That was an accident!” 
“Wait, what?” Asked Shawn.
“Come on, Mr. Tanner can’t be that mad about it. I know he has a thing for my mom. So maybe we can work something out.” Said Traiven.
“Traiven, are you really trying to whore your mom out so you don’t get into trouble?” Asked Clinton.
Traiven replied with an angry finger pointed toward Clinton. “Don’t talk about my mom, dude!”
“I think there is a misunderstanding here,” replied Shawn. “I’m not here in regards to this Mr. Tanner. The ones I work for are of much greater importance than any man of your world.”
“Wow, this guy’s pretty deep.” stated Clinton in amusement. “Go see what he wants Traiven, I’m curious now.” 
“Is there any way we can discuss this in private?” Shawn asked ignoring Clinton’s interest.
Traiven sighed with relief to know the man wasn’t who he thought he was, “Sure follow me…”

Minutes later, Traiven and Shawn were now standing at a large dumpster behind the coffee shop.
“This is the smoking area,” said Traiven. “Or at least it would be if any of us smoked. So what can I do for you?”
“Listen Traiven, my master and I came from a very far away place to find you.”
“Master?... What are you, a slave or something?”
“He’s my trainer; also he was a friend of your father.”
“Really?” asked Traiven, while scratching his chin in interest. “He knew my father, okay where is this guy?” 
“We separated in an effort to find you. We’ll be joining him soon when we leave.”
“Okay, but what do you mean leave?”
“Traiven, we’re here to take you back with us. We need your help.”
“With what?… And for how long are we talking about here? I mean, don’t expect me to just up and leave with strangers, just because you say you know my old man.”
“Traiven tell me, what do you know about your father?”
“Nothing, he died when I was a baby and that’s all. Also he wasn’t from this town so no one else here knew him.”
“Traiven, your father died only five years ago. He was killed by a powerful being named Sanit; who, like your father, wasn’t human.”
Traiven gave a smile in disbelief. “Okay, ha, ha. Did Clinton put you up to this?”
“What, no!” Responded Shawn.
“Seriously, you’ll have to try a lot harder if you want to pull one on Ol’Traiven.”
“Traiven listen to me, many lives are at stake. And from what I’m told, you’re the only one with the power to save us all.” Shawn added.
“Oh, I get it,” continued Traiven. “It was Brahim who put you up to this. He’s trying to distract me before the big match. Well, you go tell him I’m not as stupid as he thinks. And tonight I will end him.”
Traiven then pushed past Shawn and went back into the coffee shop as if nothing Shawn said was serious.
Shawn watched with confusion to see that Traiven didn’t believe a word he was saying. He then stomped the ground angered, he then lifted his right hand to his ear and spoke over a communications device. “Master Rukaryo?” He called. “I made contact but for some reason he won’t believe I word I’m saying. This’ll be tougher than we thought.”
The voice of an older man came over his earpiece. “Of course Shawn, as I told you before the people of this planet or unaware of anything going on outside of their planet. Unfortunately you’re going to have to do this yourself! We’ve picked up the presence of a ship entering the atmosphere.”
“So?” questioned Shawn.
“That isn’t common here. I need to check it out and to make sure we weren’t followed. So you’ll have to convince him yourself.”
“How? He’s just as stubborn as Raven.”
“Find a way, I have faith in you.” Said Rukaryo. 
Shawn sighed; “Fine, I’ll see what I can do.”
“Also keep an eye on him; I’m going to meet with a contact.”
“A contact?” Said Shawn in disbelief. 
“Yes, we’ve had an Arc stationed here since Traiven was an infant to keep watch over him. Traiven knows our contact so he can probably help us, to convince him to join us.” Responded Rukaryo.
“Ok then, good luck.” Said Shawn. 


Across town at the sheriff’s office, Sheriff Payton was sitting at his desk with his deputy. They were going over paperwork but was interrupted f by the sound of the door opening. The two looked up and was stunned to see a tall man walk into their office carrying odd serious look. He wore a long brown coat with dark pants. His hair style was black and slicked back in spikes. The man appeared as  a punk rocker but his rough skin and serous facial expression man him seem like a solider. As Payton realized who he was, his mouth dropped in awe. It was as if he had just seen someone who was raised from the dead.
“Hey,” he called to his deputy without turning from his stare at the stranger. “Why don’t you go grab us a couple of cappuccinos.”
“Sure thing,” replied the deputy as he walked past the stranger out of the door.
“It’s been a while Payton.” Said the stranger.
“Master Rukaryo!” Replied Payton as he gladly stood up, unable to hide his emotion. “It’s an honor,” His expression then changed as the realization of the moment sank in. “Wait, if you’re here then that means…”
“Yes,” said Rukaryo cutting off Payton’s words. “It’s time.”
Payton sighed, “To be honest I hopeing this day would never come, or at least not this soon. He’s still a kid.”
“We’re at war Payton.” Replied Rukaryo. “And no one is more vital to ending it then him.”
“This will be tough,” Stated Payton. “But Traiven is a strong kid.”
Rukaryo smiled. “Just like his brother.”
“He’s is working at a coffee shop a few blocks down the street.” 
“I know, I have someone watching over him right now.” Answered Rukaryo. 
“It’ll be better to let me explain things, he’s known me his entire life...” 
“Yes I know,” interrupted Rukaryo, “And you will, but for now we have a bigger problem at the moment. I think we may have been followed by a Summoner.”
“Really?” Asked Payton with a nervous tone on his voice. 
 “Yes, and the Arc who’s traveling with me, isn’t ready to take one on yet; so I’m going to need your help.”
“Okay,” said Payton as he stood up. “It’s been years since I’ve faced a demon, let’s see how rusty I’ve gotten.”
Rukaryo laughed and the two hurried out of the office.

The day went on and the bright moon made its way into the sky. Everything was quiet as the people were all turned in for the night, and getting rest after their next day’s work. All was silent throughout the tiny town, except for one hidden event that took place in an old barn, deep in the nearby forest. 
This was the best-kept secret of Elton’s youth. Sounds of the crowd echoed throughout the forest. Inside the barn, a crowd gathered around its center. Within the center, warriors dressed in padding would battle with long thick staffs connected padded ends. The warriors stood on an elevated platform, which had a large cushion underneath. The two warriors will viciously swing their staff toward the other, the winner would be the one left standing on the platform. 
Clinton pushed through the crowd until he reached an open space, where the upcoming warriors were warming up for their battle. He quickly walked up to Traiven, who was wearing white pads and holding his bow, ready to enter the arena. Clinton quickly spoke, “Hey Traiven, Brahim’s been practicing so you might want to be on your toes this time!”
Traiven calmly replied with a hint of anxiety in his voice. “Sure whatever.”
“Is that all you have to say? I just watched that guy battle. He has gotten better. You should really take him seriously this time.” Clinton remarked.
“Come on Clinton, you know I can’t lose. Never have and never will.”
“I just saw him beat two guys at once.” Clinton insisted. 
“I’m really not worried.” Traiven said while giving his back to Clinton as he walk toward the platform.  Clinton grunted in anger before he walked off.

Meanwhile at in entrance, Shawn slowly walked into the barn, curiously looking around for Traiven. He scanned the area with his eyes until he noticed a familiar face in the distance. It was one of teens he has seem at the coffee shop that morning. In an attempt to reach the teen, he began to pushed his way through the crowd.
At that same time, Clinton walked up to a small table and talked to another teen that sat behind it. “Yo, I wanna change my bet to Brahim.” 
“Wow,” said the teen at the table. “What happened to all your faith in Traiven?” 
“Traiven’s lost his mind, so...Brahim.” Clinton stated. 
Shawn finally walked up to Clinton, right after hearing Traiven’s name. “Excuseyou’re your a friend of Traiven’s right?”
“Who wants to know?” Asked Clinton, as he turned toward Shawn. “Oh, you’re that crazy guy from this morning?”
“Crazy?” Repeated Shawn with a serious but curious look on his face.
“Or not,” Clinton said backing down in fear.
“It’s very important that I find him.” Shawn stated.
“Sure, I’ll let you deal with, follow me.” Responded Clinton.
Shawn followed Clinton through the crowd to the open area where the warriors were preparing. Traiven was holding his staff and swinging it around for his warm-up, Shawn approached. 
“Not you again,” lamented Traiven as he lowered down his staff.
“Traiven, we still need to finish our conversation.” Stated Shawn.
“Look, I’d love to buddy, but I have a battle coming up in a few.”
“This is more important than that.” Shawn insisted.
“I doubt it.” Traiven said, as he turned around to continued his warm up.
Shawn angrily stepped up to Traiven and grabbed his staff.
“What’s your problem?!” Traiven snapped.
“We don’t have time for this, Traiven!” Shawn shot back, with his voice raised out of desperation. 

The voice of announcer came out of a speaker and interrupted their conversation “now for our next battle, we have the returning champion, traiven maryland.” 
The crowd cheered and yelled out loud, making it obvious to notice that Traiven was the crowd favorite. Then the announcer continued…“versus the challenger, Brahim moris!” 
“I’ll deal with you later,” said Traiven as he pulled his staff back and walked toward the arena.

Traiven entered the arena, and the crowd cheer rose even higher. He began to throw his arms up in the air, building the crowds excitement even more.
With no other options Shawn decided to devise a new plan to make Traiven listen. On the other side of the arena Brahim was preparing to step in, but Shawn suddenly walked up to him without saying a word and rudely grabbed his staff. 
“Hey!” Exclaimed Brahim.
“Go away!” Shawn stated as he entered the arena and ignored Brahim’s anger.
“Are you out of your mind?” Questioned Traiven, surprised to see the lengths that Shawn was going through.
“Okay! Let’s make a deal,” Shawn suggested…“I win, we talk. You win, I’ll leave you alone.”
“Are you serious?...” laughed Traiven in disbelief. “I’m the best, plus you’re not even wearing any padding.”
“Don’t need it. You won’t land a single hit on me.” boasted Shawn.
“it appears we have a new challenger!” Remarked the announcer. “What’s your name?” He asked as he held the microphone to Shawn.
“Just start the damn battle!” Demanded Shawn.
“Ah, okay guys let’s begin!” Called the announcer before hastily leaving the ring.
“You really are crazy,” said Traiven…“As I said before, I’m the best.”
“As well you should be…with the right training, of course.” Shawn stated with a smile on his face.
Traiven quickly rushed toward Shawn and swung at his head with all his might. Shawn calmly tilted out of the way and the force of the swing caused Traiven to nearly fall off the platform.
“Really.” Stated Shawn in sarcasm. “If that’s your technique then you have a long was to go my friend.”
“Shut up!” shouted Traiven. “You got lucky.”
“If you say so.”
Traiven angrily rush toward Shawn and swung again and again. With each swing Shawn calmly shifted his body and dodged every attack with ease. If a final effort to hit Shawn Traiven desperately jump up and swung his staff down with a tremendous force, however Shawn suddenly thrust his staff at Traiven’s chest just before he landed. The unexpected attack came as a supernatural feet and caused Traiven to fly off the platform. He crashed into the cage that surrounded the arena, and then fell down the padded floor hat surrounded it.
The crowd stared in a silent shock after witness such a superior attack from the unknown challenger. After a moment of silence they all began to cheered and jump in excitement. Shawn walked to the edge of the platform and jumped off, landing next to Traiven. He held out his hand to help him up. “Now we talk,” he said. 
Traiven grabbed Shawn’s hand and lifted himself up. “Who the hell are you?” He asked.
“Come on… let’s find a more peaceful place.” Said Shawn. 

Away from the barn, Rukaryo and Payton walked cautiously through the forest until they stumbled upon a foreign craft. It a small one-man ship, not like anything that had existed on Earth or could even be built with Earth’s current technology. They went closer to examine it further.
“Captain, do you read me?” Rukaryo called over his communicator. Captain Lamar Latham responded from Phantom Seven-Five-Eight, which was sitting beyond Earth’s atmosphere. “Yes Master Rukaryo?” 
 “I just found a small transport ship. The style resembles one of the Sabola’s ships.” Stated Rukaryo. 
“Sabola?” Asked Payton. “Why would they be here?”
“A lot has happened recently, their ruler is also the leader of the Summoners.” Rukaryo responded. 
 “You have to find, whoever was in that ship and take him out immediately.” Lamar commanded frantically.
 “Aye, captain.” Answered Rukaryo, as he  
continued through the forest with Payton.

Away from the forest, Shawn and Traiven were walking on a small gravel road, on their way back to the town. 
“So let me get this straight.” Said Traiven in the midst of their conversation. “You came from another planet to find me, so that I can fill my missing brother’s place, whom I knew nothing about, because he and I had the same dad…who happens to be an angel.”
“Correct,” replied Shawn.
“And you seriously can see why I’m skeptical about this.” Questioned Traiven.
“I don’t understand why you’re being so incredulous Traiven. I’m offering you a chance to be an Arc, the universe’s highest honor. People would kill for that.”  Shawn stated. “Also, negativity doesn’t get you anywhere.”  
Traiven and Shawn now made it to a wooden bridge, which was ten feet high from its bottom and sat over a small swamp filled with large rocks. 
As they made it to the middle of the bridge, Traiven stood in front of Shawn stopping him, then said, “Look dude, I don’t know who you are or where you came from, but you really need to leave me alone. You’re obviously insane, and I don’t want any part in whatever you’re talking about. My dad wasn’t an Angel, and I never had a brother, and . . .” 
In that moment Traiven noticed Shawn staring past him with a slight look of fear on his face. “…are you even listening to me?” Traiven asked. 
Before Shawn could say anything, Traiven turned to see what Shawn was looking at. That’s when he noticed a strange man wearing a brown hooded cloak and a sword at his side. The mysterious man stood on top of the thin railing of the bridge, as if was effortless to balance himself. 
“Friend of yours?” Traiven asked. 
The two suddenly heard the sound of large footsteps, before they noticed a large beast crawling out of the forest on the other end of the bridge. The bulky animal was the size of a horse and had a thick coat of red fur that covered its head and neck with the rest of its body covered in brown rough skin. It crawled toward their direction, with all four legs, that had large claws at its tips. As it got closer to them, they noticed that its face was shaped like that of a jackal, with horns coming from the top of its head.
“This isn’t good,” said Shawn. 
In that moment Shawn received a transmission from Rukaryo. “Shawn, keep your eyes open. I’ll explain the details later, but we think there may be a Summoner in the area.”
“And I think we just found him,” answered Shawn. At that moment, the two watched fearfully as the beast sprinted toward them.
“Traiven, do you trust me?” Asked Shawn with urgency in his voice.
“No!” Said Traiven with a tremble in his. 
“Good!” Shouted Shawn not paying much attention to Traiven, but to the menacing foe in front of him. 
As the creature pounced forward and got a few feet away from them, Shawn quickly pushed Traiven, causing him to fall off the bridge while he jumped off the opposite side. 
Shawn landed on his feet atop a tall rock; while Traiven landed in the shallow water.
Traiven slowly stood up, looking around at himself. “I’m alive!” He then turned to Shawn in anger. “You pushed me!”
“look out!” Shouted Shawn.
Shawn pushed Traiven again and jumped away as the beast landed next to them, barely missing Shawn. The hooded man came down and landed on a rock next to the creature.
The beast pounced again on Shawn, but Shawn flipped back; landing on his hands, then he pushed himself into the air, while grabbing a rock and chucked it at the creature. The rock hit the creature’s head, which caused the animal to fall to the ground; but it quickly recovered and stood up again as if it didn’t happen.
Once Shawn landed, he pulled out the gun that Rukaryo gave him and opened fire shooting out red beams towards the beast. The shots hit the creature, but it did little damage. The beast, then again, sprinted toward Shawn.
“traiven, catch!” Shawn shouted, as he tossed the gun to Traiven. “take out the summoner; it’s the only way to stop the demon!”
“but i’ve never killed anyone before!” Respond Traiven.
“if you don’t, they’ll kill us!”
Nervous but to fearful to think, Traiven aimed the gun at the man in the cloak, closed his eyes, and pulled the trigger. The Summoner quickly pulled out his sword and deflected the beam. Traiven continued firing shot after shot, but the Summoner blocked each and every one. The Summoner jumped up and flipped over Traiven, as he landed, he swung his sword; which hit Traiven and sent him flying several feet away. Traiven finally crashed into a rock and dropped the gun as he did. 
As Traiven recovered he noticed the Summoner lunging toward Traiven with his sword ready to strike. Just as the Summoner’s blade was falling down toward Traiven’s neck, another figure quickly rushed in, kicking the Summoner’s sword out of his hand. Traiven looked up to see, familiar man standing before him, facing the Summoner.
“Are you alright Traiven?” the man asked.
“Sheriff Payton?” Traiven replied in confusion. 
“Don’t worry… I’ll handle him.” Said Payton.
He then turned his face back for a second to make sure Traiven was not seriously injured. “We have a lot to talk about.” He said.
Payton quickly turned back around, grabbing his club from his belt; he held it up high pulling off its end to reveal a long blade that was attached to the handle. He then jumped forward and took a swing at the Summoner, but the Summoner quickly recovered his sword and lifted it in an attempt to block the attack. The force from Payton’s weapon caused the Summoner’s sword to fly from his hand, yet the second time. Payton then reached in and kicked his ribcage with an enormous force that sent him flying back, he crashed to the ground next to his demon. On his recovery, he stood up and jumped on the demon’s back,
 “Come Syn,” The Summoner said to his demon. “We found out what we needed; let’s report back to Lord Lance.”  They both quickly took off and disappeared through the forest.
Payton and Shawn turned back to Traiven to see him staring speechless after the intense the battle.
“Traiven?” Called Payton.
After a few seconds of silence, trying to process everything that had just happened, Traiven slapped both hands on his face and replied, “Holy Hell!”

CHAPTER III
 Traiven, Shawn and Payton had just walked through the front door of Traiven’s home, exhausted from their battle. As they moved into the living room, they were caught by surprise, to see Rukaryo leaning back on the coach, while sipping on a warm cup of tea.
“Ah! Guys, you’re here,” Said Rukaryo.
All stared at him in disbelief, before Shawn responded to him. “We were just nearly killed by a Summoner and his demon while you’re here drinking tea?”
“Well, I was going to help; but figured you guys could handle it. Besides, I think Payton wanted me to give him this one.”
“It’s been too long since I’ve seen combat.” Payton mentioned.
Traiven stared at Rukaryo for a second in confusion before he said anything. “So you’re another, like them?”
“Traiven, is that you?” Called Rose as she walked into the room. She quickly walked to Traiven and embraced him. “I’m so glad you’re safe.”
“Don’t worry Rose.” Replied Payton. “You know I’d never let anything happen to him.”
“OKAY HOLD UP!” Shouted Traiven as he tried to catch up. “I still have no idea of what’s going on!”
They all stared at him in silence, then looked around to each other, waiting for someone to clearly explain things to him. Rose finally stepped forward and sighed, then began to speak. “Honey I’m sorry, but I was never completely honest with you about your father. He wasn’t a soldier in the Army, as I previously told you. In fact he wasn’t even human.”
“Wait,” said Traiven as he held up his palm to silence her. He then turned toward Shawn and said, “So, you were telling me the truth.”
Shawn silently nodded and Traiven turned back to his mother.
“Then who was the guy who tried to kill me?” He questioned. “And what was that thing that was with him?”
“He is part of a clan, who practices an art called Summoning.”  Answered Rukaryo. “They are able to turn their bodies into a temporary doorways to hell, allowing low level demons through to our plane.”
“So there are more like him?”
“Yes, and they all want you dead.” Said Shawn.
“But what did I ever do to them?” Questioned Traiven.
“It’s what you are Traiven, the last Nephilim. You’re the only one who can bring down their dark lord.”
Payton then stepped forward the began to control of the conversation. “Traiven, I was sent here the day you were born by the Divine Federation to watch over you and your mother. You were supposed to live a normal life, and your brother was supposed to live a life in service to Heaven. We had all assumed he was the one to defeat the Demon King, but the Summoners are getting close to finally Summoning him, and you’re brother is gone. So being the last Nephilim it is your duty to take his place.”
“Come on guys, I’m not a powerful warrior. Shawn was able to defeat me in five seconds. Not to mention how useless I was against that Summoner or whatever and his pet.”
“It’s your birthmark honey.” Said Rose. “That thing on your back that looks like little wings it was put on by the angels to suppress your power, but it’s only limited to Earth. Once you leave the atmosphere, it’ll fade away and your true power will awaken.”
“Of course you still have to learn how to use it,” added Rukaryo. “As any Arc does.”
“Wait,” replied Traiven. “Shawn used that word also. Is that what you guys are, Arcs?”
“Yes,” answered Rukaryo, “Like you we possess the power of Angels, but we weren’t born with it. We must go through a selection process; after which we are given what is called the Angel’s gift. It gives us certain attributes of the Angels; but our power is nowhere near as great as yours. Being human our bodies can only handle so much; but being half angel makes your power limitless.”
Traiven had his head down in thought; he tried to take in everything that Rukaryo had just told him. He as seconds of thought he lifted his head and asked, “So what do you want from me?”
“We believe that the Summoners are trying to summon a demon, whose power exceed all we’ve face in the past.” Answered Rukaryo. “Being half angel, Raven was our only hope for defeating him, but now he’s gone, making you the only Nephilim left. Come with us, back to Planet Vana, and we’ll train you to become an Arc just as your brother was. Unfortunately we don’t have time to give you a complete training, so we’ll have to teach you the basics and you’ll learn everything else in the field. In theory, you should pick it up quick just as Raven did.”
“Look, this is too much.” Replied Traiven. “I can’t just up and leave like this. I have a life here, I’ve got plans, a future.”
“Traiven, you don’t have an option.” Said Payton. “Your existence alone is defiance, and since the day you and Raven was born it was decided you were both to be servants of Heaven.”
Rose walked up to Traiven and put her hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry honey. I don’t want you to go either, but you don’t have a choice with this.”
Traiven turned to her. “But Mom, what will you do when I’m gone? I’m all you’ve got.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll make do.” Rose responded. 
“Don’t worry Traiven,” replied Payton. “I’ll stay here a bit and take care of your mother.”
“Traiven, I don’t want to rush you but time is short,” said Rukaryo. “We must leave soon.”
Traiven turned to Rukaryo and asked, “But how can I be sure that none of those monsters will come after my mom when I leave with you?”
“They’re after you Traiven. If you leave, so will they.” Shawn responded. 
“But if they don’t, I’ll send them right back to Hell.” Added Payton.
Traiven put his hands on his head and began to pace back and forth. His mind was filling with thoughts of his past and his future. “Isn’t there any other way?” He asked.
“I’m sorry Traiven, but this choice isn’t yours, being a Nephilim you are obligate to serve the Angels. It is the only reason your life was spared when you were born.” Answered Rukaryo.
“I can’t be held accountable for my dead beat dad’s mistakes.” Responded Traiven. 
Rukaryo sighed, “Look Traiven, just give this a chance. You don’t know what you’re turning down.”
Traiven suddenly stopped pacing and turned toward Rukaryo. “Promise me that I will be able to return to Earth when this is all over.”
“All I can say is that if you come with us, and help us defeat the Summoners, then your task will be complete and your father’s debt will be paid.”
Traiven stared at the floor for a second in thought. He then picked his head up, walked over to Rose and hugged her. “Sorry I’ve been such a pain all these years.” He said.
“It’s okay Traiven, I always knew you were special.” Rose responded. 
Traiven then stepped away from Rose and walked up to Rukaryo, “Okay,” he said with regret. “Let’s get this over with.”

CHAPTER IV

Traiven and Rukaryo emerged from a circular platform on top of Phantom Seven-Five-Eight. Traiven slowly stepped off the platform and admired the sight of a large blue and green planet below them. “Wow,” he said, “Is that—”
“Yes,…” said Rukaryo taking the words from his mouth. “…Vana, the capital planet of the Divine Federation and your new home.” He said.
Shawn then emerged from another platform and walked up to the two.
“Traiven,” said Rukaryo, “Now we start your training.”
“Up here?” Traiven asked.
“Yes.”
Traiven then pointed down at the planet and asked, “Why can’t we just start down there?”
“A key component of an Arc’s success on a mission is the element of surprise. In most missions, but not all, the Phantom stays just outside the atmosphere while the Arcs jump down to the planet. That way, we avoid being seen by the enemy.” Rukaryo stated. 
“What do you mean jump?” Asked Traiven.
“One of the perks of our power is that many common laws of the mortal plane are able to be bent, such as the laws of gravity. We can fall from infinite heights without as much as a scratch. This is your first lesson. Angels use this attribute to fly, but we humans don’t have wings; therefore, all we can do is jump.”
“But that’s impossible.” Complained Traiven.
“Haven’t you noticed that we’re in space yet we’re still able to breath?” Replied Rukaryo.
Traiven quickly looked around trying to validate their location. “Wait, I thought there was no air in space.” He said.
“Arcs are divine beings,” Answered Rukaryo. “And when dealing with the divine nothing is impossible. We are able to breath were this is no air. Just like we can manipulate the gravity around us.”
Traiven stepped to the edge and leaned over, getting a clearer view of the planet Vana. “So you want me to just jump off?” He asked with uncertainty.
“That’s the idea.” Said Rukaryo. 
“Just remember to gain control on your way down.” chimed in Shawn. 
“What do you mean?” asked Traiven.
“You can get hurt if you don’t concentrate and gain control of your power,” intervened Rukaryo. “It has to be a conscious effort in order to land safely. And don’t worry, the distance is great, so you’ll have plenty of time to gain control from here.”
“And what if I don’t?” Asked Traiven. 
“I’ll be right beside you coaching you along the way down.”
Traiven looked over the edge again, in thought for a second. He then turned back to Rukaryo and asked, “Can’t we just start off small and work our way up?”
“No time for that.” Stated Rukaryo with a very serious look on his face. 
“Well, can’t I at least have a parachute, just in case?”  Asked Traiven. 
“What’s that?” Asked Rukaryo.
“It’s something that you use—” Before Traiven could finish his sentence, Shawn roughly pushed him off the ship.
Shawn, at that moment, turned to Rukaryo and noticed an angry. “Well, I know you were thinking it,” he said. 
Rukaryo sighed and then jumped off, Shawn immediately followed.

Rukaryo and Shawn speared downward through the air face-first with their hands to their sides to increase the velocity to which they were traveling. As they caught up to Traiven who was falling also face-first but screaming and swinging his arms and legs out at a random motion. 
Traiven shouted at Shawn as they reached his position. “have you lost your mind!”
“THERE’S THAT NEGATIVITY WE TALKED ABOUT!” Shawn screamed back. 
“Traiven, relax!” Ordered Rukaryo. “If you wanna come out of this alive, you need to calm down!”
“alive!” Traiven snapped in panic.
“Put your arms to your side and stiffen up!” Shouted Rukaryo.
Traiven slowly brought his arms in and aimed his body downward.
“Now, I want you to feel the wind pushing against your body. Relax, let it hold you, and carry you to the ground. Like a peace of cloth riding the wind.”
Traiven closed his eyes and felt his body sway gently as his speed gradually reduced. It was as if he was floating in the air. 
“Keep it up!” said Rukaryo.
Traiven then opened his eyes and saw the ground rushing toward him, he panic then blacked out just as he was about to reach it.

Minutes later, Traiven slowly opened his eyes and found himself lying on the ground staring up at Rukaryo and Shawn. 
“Did I die?” he asked.
“You did it!” answered Rukaryo.
“Really?” Traiven questioned in disbelief. 
“Well, kind of. You hit the ground pretty hard, but good thing is that you survived,” replied Rukaryo. “So I guess we can count that as a success.” 
Traiven stared up at the faces of Rukaryo and Shawn. As both were looking down at him, he noticed a dark shadow gradually descending upon them. He slowly stood up; not taking his eyes off a large dark blue ship that hovered past them.
“Wow,” he said in amazement as he watched a Phantom made it’s way over then and slowly soared over the base until it reached a large cylinder shaped grey building that had a wide tower connected to its front. The round roof of the building slid open, letting the ship dock inside. 
Traiven then looked around the area and was amazed by how large the buildings were, and how it had strange architectures that seemed to have been more advanced than the buildings on Earth. Even with its older middle age structures, it looked amazingly advanced. 
As he continued taking in the sight of his new environment, he noticed a large fortress in the distance that towered over the entire base. It had large grey pointed pillars that shot up into the air. The pillars were posted in a position of a ten-point star and were connected by thick grey walls. There were three wider pillars in the center that shot up above the other ten around them. These were shaped like large rectangles with spikes on their tops. People were walking around in uniforms that carried their rank on top of the Federation symbols over their hearts. 
“This place is unreal,” Traiven said as he kept his eyes on the distance fortress.
“That large structure in the distance is the Castle of the Vana.” Pointed out Rukaryo.
“Castle?” Questioned Traiven.
“Unlike Earth, most planets are run as one single nation.”  Stated Rukaryo. “Each is run under its own royal family.”
“Except Sabola.” Added Shawn as he folded his arms to his chest. 
“Well, Sabola is a story for another time…” Stated Rukaryo. “…And I know you’re the one who wants to tell it, Shawn.”
“Okay, but then who’s the king of this planet?” asked Traiven. 
“Vana is run by the Divine Federation.” Said Rukaryo. “It has no king. Soon you will get familiar with all the planets and the royal families, but now we need to get you settled in. Then you will have a meeting with General Shinnle and the other master Arcs.” 
“If you say so.” Replied Traiven in complete confusion to everything around him.
Rukaryo and Shawn continued to led Traiven through the base.

Across the solar system, just outside of Sabola’s atmosphere, a large ship, the size of a small moon sat waiting. It was shaped like a sphere and had a rough gray hull and was spherically shaped. 
On Sabola’s surface, within its castle, a small group of men walked through a long hall dressed in brown clothing that was decorated with animal fur. Their body’s were bulked and showing off their muscular physique. There men were obvious warriors; with their bodies and faces marked with red war paint. They carried hand guns and also knives made from bones. 
As they walked through the castle halls, others would stop before them and quickly move from their path. The Summoners they passed would look at them with anger in animosity against the visitors. 
Further in the castle, Lance stood in a large room staring at a screen that covered the wall. The screen was displaying an image of another Summoner who was in conversation with Lance.
“We’ll soon be loaded and on our way to Robant.” Spoke the other Summoner.
“Good,” replied Lance. “Don’t fail me Max. With all of our research lost. The teleportation project at Robant’s laboratory is the best chance we have to rebuild the Gateway.”  
Their conversation was cut short by the men in men in brown entering the room; Max went off the screen and it changed to a large window.
The group then halted and their leader, who was the only one that wore a fur coat along with his other clothing, stepped forward toward Lance. He had long dark hair, and a rough looking face with a scar over his right eye. He stepped closer to Lance and spoke in a very deep and monotone voice. “I hear you’ve been seeking me, Lance.” He said. “So I thought I’d come to you.”
Lance waited a bit before responding, while still facing the window.  “Ganga, it’s always a pleasure.” He then turned to face his visitor.
“You’d better have a good reason for seeking me out, Summoner!” Ganga snapped before Lance could utter out another word. 
“I do.” Lance answered. “I regret to say it, but I need your help.”
“With what?” Asked Ganga. 
Lance then stepped up a bit toward Ganga, “I know you’ve heard the stories of the dark sword Perdition?” 
“And?”
“I need to know if the legends about it are true. Does it truly have the power to connect Hell to Eden?” asked Lance.
Ganga gave a cynical grin, “Of course not,” 
“Then I guess you don’t have any worries about telling me where it is?” 
“And why do you assume I know its location?”
“Because you know everything, Ganga.”
Ganga then closed his eyes and gave another grin, “That, I do.” He then reopened his eyes. “Whether it has the power to open Hell or not, I would never do anything to make you any closer to raising your Demon King. Have you forgotten what that demon has done to us? I’d sooner help the Angels before I do any favors for Hell.” 
Lance strained his fist in anger then snapped. “Have you forgotten it were the demons that made you, Kaiju?”
“And I know their true intentions; do you really think Cassius will keep you around once your use has expired?” Ganga asked with irony in his voice. 
“Choose your words wisely, Kaiju. You are on a Summoner planet.” Lance replied with a menacing look on his face. 
“You Summoners are nothing more than doorways for them.” Ganga shot back. “You should think twice before you bow down to Cassius. He’s the reason we Kaiju decided to take our own path.” 

“Now here’s something you don’t see every day,” came a younger voice from the entrance of the room.
They all turned and watched as Moth walked in. “I didn’t realize you two were friends,” he stated.
Ganga then turned back to Lance. “So now you’re hiring assassins to do your work? If not for your demon masters, you Summoners would surely be useless.” 
Lance snarled at Ganga, before speaking “When Lord Cassius does rise, you will regret every word, Ganga.”
“I’m looking forward to that day, cause then I’ll get to send him straight back to hell.” Ganga then turned and walked out of the room with his escorts.
Moth walked farther into the room and was greeted by Lance. “Moth, I sent for you a while ago. Why can’t you show up on time for once?”
“Cause I have more important things to do. Now who do you want me to kill this time?” 
“You told me that Raven was dead!” Lance snapped. 
“I said he was gone.” Moth replied. “It isn’t my fault if you take my words out of context.”
“One of my Summoners encountered him on a forth class planet. Now he has returned to Vana, I want you to find him and finish the job!”
Moth without much hesitation silently turned and walked out. Lance then turned back toward the window and watched as an army of soldiers, being led by the Summoner Max, marched into several war ships. As if set on cue, the Max instinctively turned and looked at Lance through the window, Lance nodded his head at him, and Max walked into his craft and took off, with his small feet

Visions of a large mountain appeared in Traiven’s mind as he lay in bed tossing and turning. The vision guided him through a cave that ended at an altar, with a strange red sword nestled on it. He suddenly heard a voice echoing through his head like a whisper saying, Swords of Ingress. 
The morning light shone through the window and hit Traiven’s on his face, causing him to wake up and open his eyes while rubbing his face in exhaustion. He sat up in his bed but feeling weak with a bad headache. What a weird dream, he thought. He then looked around and took note of estranged looking glass ball in front of his bed, also strange crystal on the ceiling, and smaller crystal on a post next to his bed. There was also a rack on the wall to the right of him; beside it were two closets that arouse his curiosity. He rolled his linen to the side while he placed his right foot first on the soft floor before his left. He used his hands to push himself off the bed.  He stood up then stretched out his arms and legs. 
It feels like I’ve been sleeping for days, he thought. That’s the most comfortable bed I’ve ever slept in. He walked over to one of the closets and opened it. Inside was an Arc uniform with a Federation symbol on the chest. Unlike the other symbols he had seem this one had no stars on it.
“Put it on,” came Shawn’s voice. The voice startled Traiven as he turned to find Shawn standing behind him with a similar uniform.  His uniform though had a symbol with a single star in the middle of its shield.
“Haven’t you people heard of knocking?” Asked Traiven.
“Rukaryo is waiting outside. You’re going before the Masters Arcs.”
“Why do you have a star on your uniform and I don’t?”
“Because you have to earn it, once you successfully complete your first mission by following the basic procedures, you’ll get your first star.” 
Shawn walked over to the other closet and then opened it revealing a sword, and a small hand gun. “Today you learn combat,” he said. “After your meeting, that is.” He added.
“You know, I’m still kind of worried about that part of the job. I still haven’t gotten over the monster trying to rip my head off.” Traiven lamented. 
“Don’t worry, you won’t be put against a Summoner until you’re ready. Besides Rukaryo’s a great teacher. Also, being a Nephilim, it shouldn’t take you too long before you’re killing demons left and right.” Shawn tapped Traiven on the shoulder. “I’ll see ya this afternoon at the canyon.” He then turned and walked out.
Moments later, Traiven was out of his room walking down arching steps toward a large lobby. He was constantly looking around in admiration to the statues posted all around the area. When he had reached the bottom, he noticed four statues in the center of the lobby, posted inside a large fountain. 
He walked up to them and then read the inscription: [The Four Horsemen who saved the galaxy from the wrath of Sanit.] He read the names under each figure: “Cid Hughes,” “Vincent Shinnle,” “Sneaux Sasuke,” and then “Raven Hunter.” His eyes widened in amazement as he realized that the face of Raven was completely identical to his.
Wow! He thought. He really was my twin brother. In that moment he heard a sudden whimper; and turned to his right to see a young Arc staring at him, also bewildered. Traiven stared back, confused but was able to slowly lift his palm to say, “Hi.” 
The young Arc jumped in excitement. “Oh, it’s such an honor to meet you. I’ve read about all your missions’ sir. You’re such an inspiration.”
“Thanks,” Traiven replied, a bit confused. “Ah . . . stay in school.” He then patted the young Arc on his back then walked out the front door. 
As he walked out of the lobby; he was hit by the colorful sight of the base in the morning sun and it’s vibrant building surrounding him. He walked down a large flight of stairs and saw Rukaryo leaning over a shiny red vehicle that hovered a foot above the ground.
“Are you ready?” Asked Rukaryo
“Do I have a choice?” questioned Traiven sarcastically. 
Rukaryo leaned into the vehicle and then pushed on a button, which activated the doors on each side to slide open. They both men got in the vehicle and took off toward a castle that stood a distance away.
As they drove on a grey stone pathway, Traiven sat in the passenger seat admiring the base, while they passed through series of structures foreign to him. He watched ships land and take off, soldiers walking about the base, also Arcs sparring at various parts of the base, all looked like they were in a vicious battle. In that moment, the seriousness of it all began to sink in. Memories of the Summoner attack on Earth kept flashing through his head and he was beginning realized exactly what was expected from him.
Rukaryo looked over and noticed an uneasy gaze from Traiven. “Are you alright?” He asked.
“No!” Traiven replied with uncertainty. He then turned toward Rukaryo. “I don’t think I can do this.”
“One of the key components to an Arc’s victory in battle is the faith he has in himself.” Said Rukaryo. “You have the power Traiven, now believe in yourself and use it.”
“Easier said than done; my only worry back at home was to remember the ingredients of a latte. If I screwed that up, it was no big deal. Obviously here, a screw up would be fatal. From what, you guys tell me; so much is riding on my shoulders, but I’ve never been any more than a screw up.”
“Traiven, you clearly don’t know your true potential.” Replied Rukaryo. “Don’t worry, I’ll make sure you don’t go out into the field until you’re good and ready.”
They had finally reached the large castle. Rukaryo pulled in and landed in an area next to other vehicles. “Are you ready?” He asked Traiven.
“Do I have a choice?” Traiven answered.
Rukaryo leaded Traiven to a large, silver door in the front of the building. There were soldiers in front who stood guard. As they walked up, one of the soldiers opened the door and let them both in, while greeting Rukaryo.
They stepped into a large lobby, with two flights of stairs before them. There were grey statues of various angels posted around the area. Also, above them was a large, circular, flat diamond window to the floor above. 
“Come on.” Said Rukaryo.
They walked to a large door, at the back of the lobby, that opened inwardly. It revealed a long hall, with a red carpet and a silver door at the end. Traiven took notice to seven pictures along the right side of the wall of seven Arcs, each wearing a symbol on their chest with a ten-point star. 
“We like to call this area Master’s central.” Said Rukaryo. Traiven took it all in without saying a word. As they continued to walk, Traiven noticed a picture of Rukaryo on the wall as well. He stopped to gaze at it. 
“Is this you?” Traiven asked.
“Yep, they’re always seven master Arcs in the entire federation… We’re signified by a single ten-point star on the crest of our uniform.”
“So that’s what those stars mean, right?” Questioned Traiven. 
“Yes, there are five ranks of Arcs. The apprentices who have no stars, then the one star, two stars, the three stars, and of course the highest rank which is the Masters who carry a single large ten-point star. Your brother was a three-star Arc. He was the youngest Arc to ever reach that rank. It usually takes an average of fifteen cycles to get it; but he did it in five.”
“He sounds great.” Said Traiven.
“He may have been powerful but a bit stubborn. Many would argue that it was because he was a Nephilim. He didn’t embrace his human side much. Now let’s not keep the masters waiting any longer.”
They continued their walk until they reached the silver door that stood at the end of the red carpet. Rukaryo placed his palm on a panel beside them and the door opened. Inside revealed a large room. The walls were filled with screens that were on display, in various parts of the room. There was a large circular table with six people seated on it and one empty seat. Each of the people, who sat at the table, wore their Master Arc uniform. On each of their chairs, was a control panel. 
General Jonathan Shinnle sat in the center; to his left was a very visual muscular dark man in his late forties. He was bald, and his brown eyes perpetuated the serious look on his face perfectly. His posture was straight, with his arms out in front of him staring at Traiven. Traiven didn’t fail to notice that his right arm was metal and looked very mechanical. His name was Caliber Johnson. 
To the left of him, was a woman around the same age. She had smooth black hair that hung to the bottom of her face; this gave her a kinder look than Caliber. She was relaxed with her arm down to her side. She gave Traiven a slight smile. Her name was Laura Vidal.
To her left was a taller man in his early fifties. He had a slim, tall looking body; but one could still see that he was a bit muscular. He had short spiky hair and grey eyes. Though he seemed relaxed, he carried on with a blank look. His name was Leon Pessik.
To the right of General Shinnle, was the empty seat, and to the right of that was a tan woman in her late forties. She had a golden blonde hair that was tied back in a single ponytail. Her eyes were amber colored and she also had freckles on her face. Her name was Lexi Miles. She also was staring at Traiven with a serious look on her face. She sat straight up with both of her arms on the table.
To her right was a man around the same age as her. He was a bit wider than the rest. He had short Black hair and grey eyes. He sat relaxed but staring at Traiven with a grin. His name was Thomas Jenkins.
There was a black, round platform in the center of the table that seemed to gradually sink down leaving an open space, with an opening in front of Traiven and Rukaryo.
“Go into the center.”  Rukaryo whispered. “And remember, you’re in front of the Masters, so be respectful.” He then walked around to the empty seat next to General Shinnle and sat down, as Traiven walked into the center, in front of the Masters.
“Welcome.” greeted General Shinnle without hesitation.
“Wow!” exclaim Laura with excitement. “The resemblance to Raven is uncanny.”
“HA! He’s puny!” Said Cabiler. “What makes you think you can become an Arc?” He asked Traiven.
“Never said I could.” Traiven answered carelessly.
“Come now young Nephilim, don’t be modest.” Said Leon. “We’re all aware of your power.”
“This is news to me.” Replied Traiven.
“Traiven, do you have confidence that if Cassius was to rise today, you can defeat him?” Asked Thomas.
“Not really.” Replied Traiven.
“It seems he needs a lesson in respect first…” Added Lexi, as she turned around glancing at the others for affirmation. “…Although his attitude is similar to Raven’s.”
“And that’s where the similarities end.” Added Caliber. “This kid will not succeed; send him back to Earth.”
“I agree.” Said Traiven.
“Caliber, you never had any faith in Raven either.” Replied Rukaryo.
“But Raven could get the job done.” Replied Caliber.
“Traiven, I know things are sudden for you.” Said General Shinnle. “But your destiny is one of great importance. Not just for you, but for the entire galaxy. The Summoners are so close to raising Cassius; which could happen any day now. With Raven gone, you’re the only Nephilim left in Eden. So the responsibility will be on your hands.”
Traiven sighed and then looked down and said. “This is just too much for me.” He then lifted his head. “I’m not a warrior; I couldn’t even make the high school football team.”
“As I said before Traiven, you need faith in yourself.” Stated Rukaryo. “With the right training, you can surpass us all.”
Caliber crossed his arms, “Ha, that’ll be the day; when a puny kid like this surpasses me.”
“If Cassius gains control of Eden, it will affect everyone, Traiven.” Said Lexi. “Including you, whether you want it or not. So, don’t you think you should at least be prepared?”
Traiven grunted and turned his face away in despair. Lexi had just raised a valid point and now he knew there was no way he could talk his way out of this.
“Don’t worry, Traiven.” Said Rukaryo. “I will be the one training you.”
Traiven looked back up and replied. “Okay, I will agree, but I have terms.” He then gestured toward Caliber. “Besides, Berry-Big-Balls over there doesn’t even want me here.”
Caliber angrily slammed his fist on the table, “This is not a negotiation, you little runt!”
“Caliber please,” said Shinnle. “I think it’s fair to say that it’s the least we can do for all we’re asking of him.”
“I want your word that when this is all over, I can return home to my friends and family, and you’ll never bother me again, no matter what.”
“That seems fair.” Replied General Shinnle. “Okay you have our word.”
“Thank you.” Said Traiven.
“Now Traiven,” said Rukaryo, “You can take your leave. We have things to discuss; our meetings are for Masters only. You can return to your barracks and Shawn will meet you at noon, to take you to the Canyon, to start your training.”
Traiven nodded his head as he turned to walk out. The black platform rose back in the center, while a holographic image appeared on the table.

CHAPTER V

It was noon over the Phantom base on planet Vana. Traiven had just walked out of the barracks to see Shawn waiting for him a the bottom of the large set of stairs. He was leaning on a hovering vehicle that had a set of small wings protruding out of its side. It also had a small tail on the end. The seat was behind two handlebars that resemble those of a motorcycle’s. As Traiven walked closer, he noticed that there was another vehicle behind the one Shawn was leaning on.
Shawn had his arms folded, and his scythe on his back. “About time,” he said. “Did you get lost on your way here?”
“Naw…I was just admiring the statues again. My brother seems like a pretty celebrated guy.”
“Yeah...Also no one else knows about you yet, so you’ll probably get mistaken for Raven a lot.”
“Yeah, right.” Traiven replied rolling his eyes.
Shawn sat on one of the vehicles then said. “These are called Chasers. They’re incredibly fast.”
Traiven walked up to the other vehicle and scrutinized it. “They look pretty cool.”
“Don’t worry, they’re warm. Anyway... These vehicles are only used by Arcs. Only our reflexes are fast enough to drive them, which is why Rukaryo thought it would be a good way to begin your training. We’re going to take these to a canyon that is pretty far from here. Stay focused, stay calm, and pay attention while you’re piloting. Trust me, if you crash, it won’t be a pretty sight.”
“So I guess it’s literally a crash course,” joked Traiven, as he laughed.
Shawn stared at Traiven in confusion not understanding his humor. “I don’t understand.” He said.
Traiven shook his head and sighed, “Never mind, let’s go.” 
Traiven sat down on his Chaser, and they both took off.

Across the solar system, on a planet called Robant. Dr. Bryan Wilson sat at his computer, inside of the planet’s famous research laboratory. He was inputting information to complete an experiment. His assistant Rusty, was adjusting knobs on a nearby machine, which looked like a circular platform with an arch above it.
“Rusty?” Called Dr. Bryan.
“Sir?” replied his assistant.
“Grab me an object for testing, anything will do.”
Rusty grabbed a small metal stool and placed it in the center of the room. “Here you are,” he said.
“Targeting now,” said Bryan. He pressed a button on his computer, and the stool was instantly transmitted onto the circular platform.
Dr. Bryan smiled in amazement. “We did it!”
“Wow!” Replied Rusty.
“Next step is to try it on a biological life-form.”
At that moment, there was a loud explosion that shook the room, followed by a loud alarm.
“What is it?” Asked Rusty in a panic.
“We’re being attacked!” Said Dr. Bryan.
Outside the laboratory, several large pods crashed to the planet’s surface. A few seconds after the impacts, the pods opened up letting out Sabola soldiers that rushed into the lab. Robant soldiers response was quick. The soldiers from Sabola quickly took position in front of the entrance of the laboratory. With the entrance blocked the soldiers from Robant were unable to enter. They quickly set up turrets, as they brought in large combat vehicles, to help take the laboratory back. 
 	Before the soldiers from Robant could take control two large fireballs came down from the sky and attacked Robants forces. One destroyed their turrets, and the other destroyed some of the Robant’s vehicles. The soldiers from Robant then looked up to see a red muscular, distinctive demon hovering above them. Though shaped like a human, it had horns coming out the top of its head and rough red skin. Amazedly to them, its body was engulfed in a constantly flame.
The demon held out his hands and formed two more fireballs; then threw them down destroying the remaining vehicles. Unable to progress any more, the Robant soldiers could do nothing but watch as the soldiers from Sabola continued to raid the laboratory.



Meanwhile back on planet Vana, Shawn and Traiven raced through the mountains of Vana on their Chasers. Traiven had a rough time, struggling to avoid the rocks as they randomly jumped in his way.
“YOU’RE DOING GOOD, TRAIVEN!” Shouted Shawn.
“I’VE ALMOST CRASHED FIVE TIMES ALREADY; THIS THING IS TOUGH TO CONTROL.” Replied Traiven.
“IT’S FAST AND IT SURELY GETS YOU WHERE YOU WANNA BE IN NO TIME! WE’RE STOPPING AT THAT CANYON UP AHEAD!” 
As they came to the canyon, their vehicle slowed down and came to a stop barely missing the edge.
“You’ve made it,” came the voice of Rukaryo as he walked up to Shawn and Traiven.
“Barely,” replied Traiven as he turned to notice Rukaryo standing next to him holding a one-handed broad sword in a sheath.
“This is for you,” Rukaryo said, as he handed Traiven the weapon. Traiven grabbed it; he then pulled the weapon out of the sheath revealing a shiny, silver blade. He held it up to the sunlight to scrutinize his new weapon. “This is nice” he said, “This thing looks epic!” As he stared for a minute, he suddenly had a thought and quickly pulled down the sword. “Wait a minute. Why don’t we just use guns, like normal soldiers?”
Rukaryo answered, “Because our primary enemies are demons, and guns are useless against them. The only thing that could defeat a demon is the power of an Angel. We fuse our power into our weapons as we fight; so without us, the weapons are just useless pieces of metal.”
“Can’t we just fuse our power into a gun?” Traiven asked.
“It doesn’t work like that way Traiven, and that’s what you’ll learn to do today, how to fuse your power into this sword.”
“What happens if I don’t?” Asked Traiven. 
“Then the sword will snap like a twig.” Answered Rukaryo. 
“Okay, how do I fuse my power with it then?”
“It’s a sense of willpower. The easiest way is to imagine that your sword is connected to you like an arm.” Rukaryo then turned to Shawn. “I want you to take it easy. I only brought one weapon for him, and I really don’t want to have to go all the way back to base to get another in the middle of our training.”
“Sure thing,” said Shawn as he drew his scythe.
“Now, it usually takes a while to learn everything about being an Arc,” said Rukaryo. “Unfortunately for you, we don’t have that long, so we’re just going to teach you the basic skills and you can learn the rest along the way. Raven was originally taught to use his angel side by your father. Once he joined the Federation, it only took him a couple of days to learn the basics of what we do. Even though you can’t use your angel side yet, the theory is that it should only take you about the same for the basics. You can use a little of your angel side from what I’ve seen, but you’re nowhere near where Raven was.”
“Then how am I supposed to learn as fast?” Questioned Traiven. 
“You don’t have a choice. In three days you two will leave for your first mission.” Said Rukaryo. 
“You mean we’re already assigned to a Phantom?” This time the question came from Shawn. 
“That’s correct, Phantom Seven-Five-One, but enough talk for now. We need to get started.” Responded Rukaryo. 
“What are we going to do?” Asked Traiven.
“You’re going to learn combat by sparring with Shawn.”
“But last time, he beat me in less than a minute.” Said Traiven.
“I know, but this is only training. Shawn will start off only on the defensive while you attempt to knock him down into the canyon. Then you’ll switch. At the end of the day, you two will have a match.”
“How am I supposed to learn in one day?” 
Inquired Traiven in disbelief. 
Shawn ignored Traiven’s question and jumped over the canyon from rock to rock until he reached the center. He held his scythe in an attack stance and prepared for Traiven’s effort to knock him off.
“ready!” He shouted.
“Now, Traiven,” said Rukaryo also ignoring Traiven’s question. “Draw your sword and attack.”
Traiven tightly gripped the handle of his sword and jumped out onto a rock. He stared at the bottom of the canyon for a second, and then launched toward Shawn. Shawn quickly swung his scythe and blocked the attack; he then pushed Traiven back with his blade. Traiven flew back and landed on a separate rock.
“Not bad, Traiven,” said Rukaryo. “For starters that is.”
Traiven jumped at Shawn again constantly swinging his sword. Shawn blocked every attack, and then pushed Traiven back again.
“It’s more than mindlessly swinging Traiven. You need strategy.” Said Rukaryo. “I’m giving you one more chance. Shawn, if he doesn’t succeed this time, I want you to go on the offensive.”
“My pleasure,” replied Shawn.
Traiven grunted with anger then bent his knees and tightened his grip on his sword. He quickly launched toward Shawn and swung. Just as Shawn picked up his scythe to block, Traiven pulled his sword back and extended his foot kicking off Shawn’s blade, upward then quickly swung down. Shawn instinctively noticed that he had no time to block; so he quickly jumped back barely, missing Traiven’s attack. 
Shawn landed on another rock, noticing Traiven coming toward him again. With no time to think, he threw his left palm forward and emitted a powerful force that pushed Traiven back causing him to slam against the canyon wall, and before falling to the bottom.
Traiven stood up, dusted himself off and then jumped back up landing on a rock next to Shawn.
“What the heck was that?” Asked Traiven.
“Shawn used his energy to create a force which pushed you back,” answered Rukaryo.
“You almost had me, which is why I had to use it,” replied Shawn. “You’re better than I expected.”
“Yeah, well we still have a long way to go,” said Rukaryo. “Get back into place and go again.”
Shawn and Traiven stood in their battle stances; then quickly lunged toward each other. Traiven tightened his grip on his sword and swung as hard as he could. Shawn lifted his scythe and blocked the attack. As their blades connected, the force caused Traiven’s sword to shatter into pieces. 
Traiven halted in confusion; then turned to Rukaryo. “Why’d you give me such a cheap sword?” He said. 
“I already told you that would happen if you didn’t learn to focus your power.” Rukaryo then took his own spear and tossed it to Traiven. “Now try again.” 

CHAPTER VI

Phantom Seven-Eight-Six had just entered the atmosphere of Robant. Its Captain Richard Worland was sitting on the bridge, looking through a small rectangular screen with information about the impending mission. Their ship sat above the atmosphere of planet Robant, which appeared as a dark blue ball with streams of light surrounding it. 
“Sir, we’re ready to deploy the Arcs,” said Charles the pilot.
“Good.” Richard reached down on a panel in front of his chair, pushed a button and then spoke, “Cid, Maya, are you ready?”
“Yes,” came Cid’s voice from a speaker by his chair.
Richard turned to Charles. “Deploy the Arcs.”
Charles pushed a red button on his control panel. 
On top of the ships hull, and two people emerged on elevator panels. Each was wearing an Arc uniform. One was a thirty-eight-year-old man, with a thin lair of red facial hair that match the short curly hair on his head. The weapon he carried on a long battle axe with a spear head on its end. His name was Cid Hughes, a three-star Arc and leader of his Arc team.
The other was a twenty-seven-year-old woman with silky black hair. Her weapon on choice was a spiked chain diagonally wrapped around her chest. Her name was Maya Shinnle, a two-star Arc.
“Do you two understand this mission?” Asked Richard from the bridge to their communication devices.
“Yes,” answered Cid, “search and rescue.”
“Also find out the reason the Summoners invaded the lab.” 
“Yes, sir.” Replied Maya.
Cid and Maya then bent their knees then jumped down toward the planet.

As the two Arcs fell to the surface of the planet, Cid pulled out a small pair of binoculars and looked through them, magnifying his view to the surface.
“Looks like Sabola’s army has the lab well guarded,” he said. 
“Why do you suppose they’re here?” Asked Maya.
“Don’t know, but I really don’t wanna wait and find out.” Responded Cid. 
“Do you see the Summoner?” Questioned Maya. 
As Cid looked down, he noticed a large creature standing in front of the entrance. It had a large muscular body with red skin. Its head was bold, with horns protruding from its forehead, and pointed ears on the sides of its head. “It’s the demon Ifrit,” said Cid. “Meaning his Summoner Max is somewhere nearby.” 
He then put his binoculars away. “He must be inside. Listen, I’ll keep Ifrit busy. Find Max and take him out.”
Maya answered with a silent nod before Cid swung his arms and causing himself to fall faster, leaving Maya behind. As he neared the surface, he pulled out his battle-ax, twisted his body, and held back the battle-ax. He came down with a tremendous amount of force, while swinging his ax, emitting a powerful shock wave that threw all the Sabola soldiers back. Ifrit stood there with a grin, taking the blast without getting a single scratch. 
Cid quickly lunged at Ifrit, swinging his ax. Ifrit jumped back, dodging the attack and landed on top of the lab; Cid chased after him.
Maya finally touched the ground in front of the Robant soldiers and noticed that Cid’s attack had cleared the way. She turned to the Robant soldiers and shouted, “come on!” They all rushed into the laboratory. 

Meanwhile, The Summoner Max and a handful of men were trying to gain access to all the information stored in the computers. Bryan and a few other scientists were being held against the wall, guarded by two Sabola soldiers.
“What’s taking so long?” Asked Max angrily; as he stood over the shoulder of one of his men, accessing the computer.
“Well, we’ve got most of the data, but we’re still trying to find everything.”
A soldier suddenly rushed into the room. “Sir, the Robant soldiers have avanced.”
“What! How did they get past Ifrit?” Asked Max.
“They were joined by an Arc team.”
Max angrily punched the console. “Darn! Okay, prepare to retreat,” he said.
“Yes, sir,” said the soldier as he ran out.
Max turned back to the soldier accessing the computer. “We’re done here.”
“But… what about the rest of the data?”
Max turned and walked up to the scientists. “We’re taking them with us.”

Elsewhere, Ifrit and Cid were knocked into a fierce battle, on the rooftop of the laboratory. Ifrit ignited his body and rushed toward Cid. Cid quickly rolled to the right, barely dodging the attack. 
“Give up, Arc,” said Ifrit. “You can’t get near me.” He formed a large fireball in his right hand and threw it at Cid.
Cid quickly rushed toward Ifrit, jumped over the fireball and came down, swinging his ax. Ifrit lifted his claws and blocked the attack, looking with Cid’s blade.

Inside of the laboratory, the Robant soldiers, led by Maya, fought their way through. The Sabola soldiers were desperately trying to hold them off; while Max and a handful of the soldiers took the scientists out through the back. Maya grabbed the handle of her chain and swung it, unwrapping the chain from her chest. She then launched forward, passing through the Sabola soldiers.

While Cid and Ifrit were locked in battle, they noticed Max; along with the scientists and some soldiers, running out on the landing pad behind the building, as a large ship flew in and landed next to them.
Max, suddenly noticed Maya heading toward his group. “Hurry up and load the scientists,” he shouted to his men. “I’ll hold her off.” He drew out a sword and rushed toward Maya.
As Maya battled Max, and Cid battled Ifrit, the Sabola soldiers were able to get all the scientists into the ship. Two cannons suddenly emerged on the top of the ship and shot at Maya. She evaded them quickly, while taking her attention off Max.
“Ifrit, let’s go!” Shouted Max.
Ifrit laughed and said to Cid, “Looks like we’ll have to finish this another time, Arc.”
Cid angrily lunged at Ifrit, but before he could land a hit, Ifrit’s body quickly evaporated and was sucked into Max’s. Max then ran into the ship, and it took off.
“hold your fire!” Shouted one of the Robant soldiers as they watched the ship fly away. “the scientists are on board!”
“You don’t have to destroy it. Just shoot it down,” replied Cid.
The soldiers opened fire, but their shots wouldn’t penetrate the ship’s shield.
“It’s no use,” said one of the soldiers. “And a stronger blast would destroy it completely. There’s nothing we can do.”
They couldn’t do anything but watch, as the ship quickly flew away.

Back on planet Vana, Captain Joker Jenkins was walking on a long red carpet; through a gray hall, with tall stone walls. There, he could see the seven pictures, along the right side, of the wall of the seven master Arcs. As he had reached the silver double doors at the end of the hall and stopped, the doors opened and General Shinnle walked out to Joker.
“Walk with me, Captain Jenkins,” General Shinnle demanded.
They began to walk down the hall, toward the other end.
“Captain Jenkins?” called General Shinnle.
“Sir?” answered Joker.
“How is the maintenance on your ship coming?”
“Fine sir.” Joker answered. “Next time we deploy, everything will be fully operational.”
“That’s good.”
“Sir, if I may ask;” spoke Joker. “What’s the status on assigning us a new Arc team?”
“That’s why I called you here.” Answered Shinnle. “They will be finishing up training soon.”
“So we’re getting rookies?” Asked Joker in confusion. 
“Yes.”
“But sir, Phantom Seven-Five-One is an advanced ship.” Joker objected. “We have high-level qualifications, why are we getting low class Arcs?”
“Because of whom they are,” Shinnle responded calmly. “One of them is the last member of the Seran family, the other is a Nephilim.” 
“Wait...., another Nephilim? But I thought Raven was the only one.” Replied Joker.
“We all did, but the angels kept this secret from us to protect him. It took a lot of convincing; and given the circumstances, they finally allowed us to recruit him. His name is Traiven, and he is the twin brother of Raven. This whole time he’s been living on a fourth class planet with his mother.”
“Wow,” Spoke Joker in amazement. “I didn’t think that anyone would ever be able to replace Raven.”
“And still no one can. Raven was a powerful Arc. Traiven just realized his origin. He doesn’t even know how to use his angelic state, but I want you to put him to the test. First, you’ll get small missions just to get him some experience. Once he is familiar with his power and has advanced knowledge of being an Arc; then you will resume your former level of missions.” Stated General Shinnle. “And Shawn may be a one star Arc but once we take Sabola from the Summoners, being its rightful king, he will be expected to lead it. Which is why I want him to be your team leader.” 
“Understood.” Joker answered as the two continued down the hall toward the exit.

The day went on; now the three moons of Vana had sat in the night sky over the base. Traiven stood on the high balcony of the barracks, looking over the base that was beautifully illuminated by Vana’s moons. One was blue, one was light orange and the other was light green but it was far into the distance making it seem smaller then the other two.
What a beautiful sight, he thought.
He then saw another sight in the sky. It looked like a large burning rock, a bit smaller than the moons, and traveling across the sky, right over the base.
Is that a comet? He asked himself.
After a few moments of staring, he heard a voice addressing him in a surprise tone. “Raven?!”
He turned and saw a man wearing a three-star Arc uniform. He had odd white hair that matched his white eyebrows. “Raven, I thought you were dead,” he said while examining Traiven’s uniform. “When did you get demoted? You must have really upset General Shinnle this time.”
Traiven then sighed. “I’m not Raven.”
“Really?!” Asked the man while examining him further. “Wow.... you look just like him. I swear you two could be brothers.”
“We are. I’m Raven’s twin brother, Traiven.”
“No way!” Shot the man in surprise. “Who’d ever thought this whole time Raven had a twin. He never told anyone about a brother.”
“Well, that’s ’cause he didn’t know. Neither of us did. I was living on Earth with our mother when I was suddenly brought here to take Raven’s place.”
“Oh, I guess that makes sense.” The man replied. “I mean with the Cassius threat and all.”
“What’s a Cassius threat?” Questioned Traiven.
“Not what, but who.” The stranger Arc answered. “Cassius is the demon king of hell. The Summoners have been trying for years to bring him here on Eden.”
“Can’t they just summon him?”
“Fortunately not, he’s too powerful for any Summoner. Him and the demon overlords, but if they ever succeed in raising him, then it’ll be the end of us all.” 
“Well, what are the odds of that happening?” Asked Traiven. 
“They’re getting closer every day. The thing is that if they ever succeed, they say Raven was the only one powerful enough to beat him. I guess that’s why you’re here. If you’re Raven’s twin, then you must be a Nephilim.”
Traiven sighed then bent over the railing in an unmotivated manner. “That’s what they’re all telling me. Everyone expects so much of me, but;” He then turned toward the strange Arc. “It all just seems too bizarre for me.
“You need to have faith Traiven,” replied the Arc. “If you don’t believe in yourself, you’ll never make it as an Arc.”
Traiven then stood off the railing and changed the subject. “You’re Sneaux, aren’t you?”
“Yes.” The man answered with a smile.
“There’s a statue of you in the lobby next to the statue of Raven. You’re one of the Four Horsemen. What does that mean?”
“Well..., years ago, we were up against a powerful foe.” The Man answered. “In order to beat him, we needed more than just the power of the Angels, so four of us were chosen to empower the Four Horsemen. It was temporary, of course. If we still had the power now, Cassius wouldn’t stand a chance.”
“Can’t you use that power again to defeat Cassius?” Traiven asked.
“No, the horsemen can only be summoned once every thousand cycles.” Responded Sneaux.
In the moment they were interrupted by a communication from Sneaux’s transmitter. “Sneaux, we’ll be leaving soon.” Came the voice from his Captain.
“Aye, Captain,” Sneaux replied.
“What was that?” Asked Traiven. “Not hearing the transmission.
“I have to go. I have a mission on one of Juno’s moons.”
“Okay, it was nice to meet you.” Said Traiven. 
“You as well… and good luck.”
Sneaux then turned and walked away.

CHAPTER VII

Lance, was staring out the window in his quarters, high in large castle of planet Sabola. He was staring down on his army preparing for an attack by the on their planet at any moment. The sound of footsteps then entered the room and grabbed his attention. Lance turned toward the sound to see Max and a hand full of soldiers escorting Dr Bryan Wilson, one of the science from Robant, into the room. 
Lance slowly walked up to Bryan, with a grin. “Hope you’re enjoying your stay.” He said with sarcasm.
“Eventually, my planet will retaliate,” replied Bryan. “Invading Robant and kidnapping some of its citizens, is an act of war.”
“Oh, I’m not too concerned about that.” Stated Lance. “First of all, not even the Federation can pass our defenses. Secondly, once you and your men help us bring Lord Cassius to this plane, no one will dare take us on.”
“What makes you think we’ll help?” 
“What makes you think you have an option?” Lance answered with another question. 
“I’d gladly give my life, if it meant stopping the demon king from rising.” Said Bryan. 
“How noble, but the thing is” Lance stepped closer to Bryan “I’m not going to kill you. You’re too important for that; but your men are a bit more expendable. Do as I say or their blood will be on your hands,” 
“Don’t you get it? What you’re asking for is impossible. A link cannot be made from one plane to another. My work is creating a link between two points in the same plane. That’s all.” Said the scientist. 
“That’s because you never tried it, it’s all a matter of converting vibration frequencies.” Lance answered. “The Seran family were close to accomplishing it before, but they were wiped out. Luckily for you, the gateway is still some what intact. You only have to repair it.” Lance then turned to Max. “Take him to the courtyard with the others.” He then turned back to Bryan. “And for the sake of your men, you’d better finish sooner rather than later.”
The soldiers roughly grabbed Bryan and pull him away, while Max remained in the room with Lance.
“We’re running out of time.” Said Lance immediately turning his attention to Max. “Since the Federation realized that I was a Summoner they’ve been invading all of our off planet bases. We only have one left, on one of Juno’s moons, but I’m affraid they won’t last much longer.”
“Now that we’ve invaded Robant, King Joseph will most likely aid the Federation.” Replied Max. “Do you really think our defense can hold them all?”
“No,” answered Lance. “It was originally suppose to be a temporary guard will we complete the gateway. The Federation’s army alone isn’t strong enough but if Robant join them they might have a chance.”
“What do we do?” asked Max.
“I never wanted to kidnap the scientist but there there’s no going back now.” Answered Lance. “Recall all of our foreign deployed forces. We’ll need everyone here to defend the gateway all cost while until it’s completed.”
“Of course.”
“It’s only a matter of time before Robant retaliates so make sure those scientist are working non-stop. I want it completed in a matter of days.”
Max nodded with concurrence then walked out of the room.

The morning sun shone over the Phantom base on planet Vana. Traiven was eagerly waiting in the center of a large metal dome with his sword gripped tightly in his hand. Rukaryo and Shawn were both looking down on Traiven from behind a long control panel on the other side of the a long window at the top of the dome
Rukaryo pressed a button on the panel and spoke to Traiven through a voice system. “This is a simulation battle room. It’s where you’ll learn how to think when you fight.” Rukaryo said. “I want you also to practice emitting force at your opponent.” 
“But I’m still learning that,” replied Traiven.
“The more you do it, the more you’ll learn it.” Said Rukaryo. 
“Yeah,” Shawn filled in. “Especially after all of that complaining you did yesterday.”
“I wasn’t complaining!” Objected Traiven. “I just didn’t think it was fair for you to keep doing it.”
“The Summoners, aren’t fair Traiven,” replied Rukaryo. “Now let’s get started. We still have quite a ways to go and one more day to do it.” Rukaryo then turned to Shawn and spoke away from the voice system. “I wonder if Raven complained this much during his training.”
“i heard that!” Shouted Traiven.
 “We’ll be watching and coaching you.” Replied Rukaryo. “I’ll send out robots one at a time. Each robot is powerful, and only has one weakness. Throughout your battle, you have to figure out their strategies and weaknesses. Then use that information to your advantage all while trying to evade their attacks.”
“That sounds hard.” Traiven complained. 
“If you can’t defeat these robots, then you won’t stand a chance against the demons.” Replied Rukaryo. 
“Fine” Traiven said, as he began jumped around to loosen up. “Let’s do this.”
“Then here we go.” Rukaryo pushed a button on the control panel, and part of the wall opened letting a large, metal creature walk into the dome.
It was as tall as an average human but shaped like a cat. It had spikes on its head, red glowing eyes, with sharp metal teeth and claws. 
The robot didn’t hesitate to take action. It ran around the room, not taking its eyes off Traiven. Without hesitation Traiven rush toward it and swung his sword, but the robot quickly evaded the attack. It then charged at Traiven knocking and sending him flying against the wall. As soon as Traiven hit the wall, the robot was on top of him like a lighting and swung its claws. 
Traiven strayed to the left, dodging the attack, and swung back; but the robot was able to block his attack with one claw, then hit him with the other. The attack caused Traiven to again fly against the wall.
After watching Traiven’s struggle, Rukaryo spoke on the microphone. “Traiven, you can’t beat it by swinging mindlessly. This robot’s reflexes are too great. You have to find an opening.”
In that moment the robot charged again toward Traiven and lashed out. Traiven quickly dodged the attack. It swung again and Traiven lifted his sword to shield himself. 
The robot pushed Traiven back with its claw, then charged and swung at him again, knocking him to the floor. It then quickly pounced on him, but Traiven flipped back and dodged the attack. He slid several feet away in a three-point stance.
There’s no way I can beat this thing in close combat, thought Traiven. But I have an idea.
The robot charged at Traiven yet again, but he quickly jumped out of the way, and landed on the opposite side of the room.
I hope this works, he thought.
This time Traiven stared into its eyes as it ran toward him. When it got close, it bent down and pounced. Traiven quickly pulled his right palm back, then threw it forward, emitting a powerful force that slammed the robot back against the wall on the other side of the room.
“Good job,” said Rukaryo. “This robot can’t be defeated in close combat, so getting some distance was the only way.” 
He then pushed another button. The robot got up and walked back through the opening it came from while another robot came in. This robot was rounded in shape like a big ball and rolled in on caterpillar tracks.
 A little ball on top of it glowed red. A hole opened up in the center of it, and a single cannon emerged. 

“Okay Traiven, this robot doesn’t have swift reflexes or fast movements like the other, but it has strong fire power. Good luck.”
Traiven tightened his grip on his sword, and then charged toward the robot. Just as he got close, flames shot out from its cannon, and he quickly strayed to the left, barely dodging the flames. It turned to him and shot more flames, but he dodged it again. It constantly opened fire everywhere Traiven would land, so he kept moving, to avoid getting hit.
If I stop moving, I’m done, he thought. 
Traiven finally ran close to the robot and swung his sword as hard as he could, but the force of his strike caused his sword to shattered into pieces without leaving a scratch on the robot’s hull. The machine quickly turned its cannon, but Traiven kick off of it, dodging the fire just before it shot, then went back to moving around and, dodging the flames. 
How am I supposed to beat it now? I have no weapon. Traiven thought. 
“Think Traiven…If this was a real battle, you wouldn’t have my help. So I’m not giving it to you now.” Rukaryo said. 
Traiven continued to move around, dodging attacks. He began thinking. I bet the ball on the top is its weakness.
 Traiven suddenly changed his direction and ran directly in front of the robot. As soon as it shot flames, he quickly jumped up and out of the blast range. He came down to the top of the robot and swung his leg, kicking the red ball off, causing the robot to shut down.
“Wow, good job,” said Rukaryo. “You’ve gotten better. I think you’re starting to understand the basic principles of combat now. The Summoners don’t use robots very often; their demons are extremely powerful, but only an Arc team can defeat a Summoner and his demon.”
“Oh, I get it.” Traiven then bent over, breathing heavily in exhaustion. “Piece of cake.”
“So are you ready for the next couple of robots.” Said Rukaryo with a serious face. 
“what!” Shouted Traiven while still grasping for air. 
Rukaryo laughed. “I’m just joking. Why don’t you take a break right now, I have to go meet with General Shinnle. I want you to continue your training later with Shawn. Tomorrow you’ll be assigned your first mission.”
“Already?” asked Traiven. “But there’s still so much I don’t understand. I feel like I’m being thown into this still having no idea what’s going on.”
“Don’t worry Traiven.” Replied Rukaryo. “As I said before you won’t be put up against the Summoners until you’re good an ready. And I am sorry that things are moving so quickly for you, but with way things are going in this war time isn’t a luxury we have.”
“Fine,” said Traiven. “But I’m still going to hold you guys to your word that I can leave once this is over.”
“Of course,” replied Rukaryo. “Now take break you still have lots of training to do later.” Rukaryo then turned to Shawn and said. “I’ll see you guys after the meeting.”  Right before he hastily walked out.

Moments later, Rukaryo walked into a room with a big round table. Sitting at the table were General Shinnle, Captain Joker Jenkins, and Captain Richard Worland; who was the captain of Phantom Seven-Eight-Six. He walked to the table and sat down with them.
“Welcome, Rukaryo,” said General Shinnle.
“Thank you, sir.” Answered Rukaryo. 
“Now we can begin...I called you three here for new assignments. Sabola has kidnapped the scientists from Robant, who were researching teleportation. The Summoners are most likely expecting to use this technology to repair their Gateway.” Said General Shinnle. 
“So, does that mean Raven did succeed in destroying it?” Asked Rukaryo.
“Yes, and it was technology left over by the Seran family that they used to create it.” Continued the General. “The research from the Robant scientist is the closest they can get.”
“We’re running out of time,” said Joker. “We need to find a way past their defenses.”
“That’s why I called you three here.” Replied General Shinnle. “Richard, go to Robant and meet with king Joseph. I need you to attack as liaisonfor the time being. I’ll be joining you there after I finish up things here. With the recent attack by Sabola I’m sure it’ll be easy to convince them to aid us in the our war again Sabola ” Said General Shinnle, then he turned to Rukaryo. “Rukaryo, is Traiven ready?”
 “Well, sir, he does know the basics, but he has no type of experience what so ever.” Answered Rukaryo.
“Then we’ll get him some.” Replied General Shinnle. “Joker, I’m sending him and Shawn to you. We’ve been asked by Sarazetty for help to investigate the mysterious attack of some of their citizens. A mission like this would usually be given to the Guardians, but I think it’ll be a good mission for Traiven’s first. No Summoners and no demons.”
“Yes, sir.” Answered Joker.
“Also, I’ve been in talks with the king of Sarazetty. He has agree to offer us some of his forces to aid in our attack on Sabola, for helping his citizens. With the aids of both Robant and Sarazetty we’ll be able to pass their defenses for sure.”
“Understood.” Replied Joker. “We won’t let you donw.” 
“I’ve also recently sent Phantom Seven-Seven-Two to assist the overthrowing of one of Sabola’s off planet bases. It’s located on one of Juno’s moons.” Said General Shinnle. “Our intelligence tells us that there may be information about their floating turrets there being that it’s where the technology to create it originated from. If we can find out how to disable them, we can finally launch our assault.” He added.
“What about Juno’s king?” asked Rukaryo.
“He has granted us permission enter their moon and took out Sabola’s forces.” Answered General Shinnle. “But he refuses to provide any aid to do it, nor help in our war against the Summoners.”
“Figures.” Replied Richard. “Decades after the Solar Wars and Juno still hates us.”
“Will Croft be providing any aid?” asked Joker.
“I turned them down.” General Shinnle answered. “I’d rather Croft not get involved, their young kind has just taken power. A war is the last thing he needs right now.”
“Okay,” said Richard. “I’ll ready my team we’ll make has to Robant.”
“Good luck both of you.” Replied General Shinnle. 
Joker and Richard then turned and walked out.

CHAPTER VIII

Traiven slowly stepped out a small transport vehicle, admiring the scenery around. He, Shawn and Rukaryo had landed behind a large cylinder shaped hanger, with a wide tower connected to the front of it.
“This place is massive,” Traiven said in amazement said. “So where’s my ship?”
“Don’t get ahead of yourself, Traiven,” replied Rukaryo. 
“Aren’t we going to Phantom Seven-Five-One?” Asked Shawn as he stepped out.
“Yes.” Said Rukaryo. 
“welcome!” Came a voice from a distance.
The three looked at the station and saw Captain Joker Jenkins walking up to them. He immediately grabbed Traiven hand, and shook it. The first thing Traiven noticed was the difference in the symbol he wore. He had no stars, but a circle over the Federation symbol on his uniform within the circle was two lines crossing diagonally on it and two lines that cross the diagonal ones, one vertical and one horizontal.
“Ouch!” Said Traiven as he pulled his hand away. “What a grip.”
“I’m Captain Joker Jenkins, the commanding officer of Phantom Seven-Five-One. Let me just say I’m glad you’re here. After we lost Raven, I thought there was no hope. But luckily, they found you.” Joker then stepped toward Shawn. “And you must be Shawn?” 
“Yes, sir,” Shawn answered.
“You have quite a reputation for such a small record.” Joker said. 
“Well, sir, I have a lot to fight for.” Responded Shawn. 
“Good to hear.” Said Joker. 
He then turned back to Traiven. “So from what I understand here, this is all new to you.”
“Something like that,” replied Traiven.
“I’ll do my best to help you get familiar with your new life.”
“Thanks.” Replied Traiven.
“Now then.” Said Rukaryo to Joker. “I leave them to you. I have report to Master’s central for a meeting.”
“Of course.” Replied Joker. “Thank you.”
Rukaryo then turned to Shawn and Traiven and said. “Remember your training and you’ll do fine. If you need anything I’m always here, and Traiven don’t do anything stupid.”
“No promises.” Replied Traiven.
Rukaryo returned a sigh and shook his head before he walked off. 
“Well boys,” said Joker. “Let me show you the ship. He then led the two toward the back door of the large Hanger.
“Okay boys, welcome to your new home.” He pushed a button on the side of the door, and it slid open, to a long platform that stretched around the entire wall of the hanger, with a railing on the outside overlooking a large trench over a hundred yards long and eighty yards wide. They stepped forward to the railing, and sitting in the trench was an oval-shaped dark blue ship, that filled nearly the entire hole. The ship had wings that stretched out diagonally toward the large circular thrusters on its back. There was a window in the front, behind a short nose. On the sides, toward the front, was the Federation logo with the numbers Seven-Five-One over the shield. There were guys in red suits scattered on both above the platform, on the platform and below it. They were doing finally maintenance to the ship for its upcoming mission.
“So this is our ship?” Asked Traiven in amazement. 
“Yep,” answered Joker, “a Phantom seven-Five-One. Now, come let me show you the inside.”
Joker led them to a ramp that stretched from the balcony, through a small hatch, leading into the ship. As they walked into it, Joker led them through a narrow passage that was two people wide. The walls were light blue, the floor was soft as a carpet, with long dim lights along its deck. 
“Now this is the bridge.” Stated Joker as he lead then to a round door. “I’ll introduce you to some of the crew here.”
The door opened and the group walked onto a bridged that was big and spacious. There was a single chair in its front, behind a wide screen, a control panel and two blue sticks as the helm for steering. In the very center of the bridge was a captain’s chair, with control panels to the left and the right. A large screen hung from the ceiling before it. On the left and right of the walls, were chairs in front of control panels. The one to the right controlled the weapons system and the one to the left was the engineering system. 
Joker led his group to the center of the bridge as two men walked in front of the group and greeted them.
Joker began the introductions. “From left to right, the one with blue stripes on his uniform is Pilot First Class Benny Rom, the one with gray stripes is Guardian First Class Shafer Mott.”
Each of the men wore a federation logo but instead of stars over the shields, they had two lines crossing diagonally with a vertical and horizontal line crossing the center of diagonal ones. Just as Joker’s symbol, but the line weren’t surrounded by a circle.
“Why don’t they have stars?” Asked Traiven.
“Only Arcs are ranked in stars.” Replied Joker. “The rest of us use a different ranking scale. Recruits have one diagonal line, apprentices have two parallel diagonal lines and soldiers have three parallel diagonal lines. Third classes have two diagonal lines that cross one and other. Second classes have the same but with one vertical line that crosses. And first classes are what you see on these today. Master classes are the highest rank and it is what you see on me.”  
“Hmm,” replied Traiven. “That’s a lot to learn.” He complained.
“Don’t worry you’ll get the hang of it in no time.” Said Joker. Then he continued his introduction. “Now Benny here flies the ship.” He then gestured toward Shafer. “As a Guardian, Shafer’s job is to lead a defense if the ship ever gets attacked. He is also the security officer of the ship.” 
In that moment Benny walked directly up to Traiven and anxiously shook his hand with joy. “It’s an honor to meet you.” He said. “Wow, you look just like your brother. Hope you can fight like him as well.”
“So do I,” replied Traiven.
“Guys, I know you all know of Traiven, but let’s not forget our other Arc, Shawn,” said Joker.
“Of course, sir.” Replied Shafer. He then turned toward Shawn. “How could we forget the heir to the thrown of Sabola.”
“Wait you’re a prince!” shouted Traiven with surprise.
“No, I’m an Arc.” Objected Shawn not wanting to go into his past.
Traiven grew even more suspicious. “Wait, but, he just said…” 
“Now isn’t the time to got into my life choices, Traiven.” Stated Shawn cutting Traiven’s sentence short.
“Shawn is right.” Joker agreed. “Atl east let me finish showing you two around first.” Said Joker. 
Joker again led them through the ship, until they ran into a woman with red hair and freckles. She was in her mid thirties and had red stripes on her uniform. 
“Sir, I’ve just completed the maintenance check on the engine. We’re good to go,” she said.
“Great,” replied Joker. He then turned to Traiven and Shawn. “This is Engineer First Class Belle Sasuke.”
Belle quickly walked up to Traiven directly just as Benny did and stared at him. “Wow, so Raven really does have a twin brother.” She said. “That’s amazing.”
“Captain, we’re all clear in medical,” came another voice from behind them.
They turned to see the sight of a young woman who appeared in her mid twenties standing directly behind them. One glance at Traiven’s face and her eyes widened then her mouth dropped as his familiar look to Raven. She and Traiven stared at each other for a moment, before she said in a silent town. “Wow.”
Belle then whispered to Traiven, “That’s Second Class Medic Bethany Smartly. She was Raven’s fiancée.”
“A spitting image of Raven, right?” Said Joker.
Bethany’s mood quickly changed to a more colder cold tone, “He may look like Raven, but he’s not.” She replied.
There was a sudden beep that came from a device on Joker’s belt. He picked it up and spoke on it. “Yeah.”
“Sir, we’re getting a transmission from General Shinnle.”
“I’m on my way.” Joker put the device back on his belt. “Sorry, I have to go. Just explore the ship a bit. Get used to it for now and later you’ll be shown to your quarters.” He then walked away.
Once Joker left, Belle walked up to Bethany and put her hand on her shoulder. “Are you okay?” she asked
“Um, yeah,” answered Bethany. “I have to get back to work.” She then turned and walked away without saying another word.
“I don’t think she likes me too much,” said Traiven.
“Don’t worry,” replied Belle. “Raven meant a lot to her, and she still hasn’t gotten over him yet.”
“Is Raven dead?” Asked Traiven. 
“Don’t know.” She answered. “As a matter of fact, no one knows. He just disappeared, but the Federation has people working on it.” 
Shawn suddenly spoke sarcastically, and interrupted the conversation. “As much as I like to hear more about Traiven’s missing brother, I’d really like to find a place to put my feet up.”
“Well, I can show you to your quarters,” replied Belle.
“That would be great,” answered Shawn.

Back on the bridge, Joker was talking to General Shinnle on the front screen.
“So how is everything? Are your new Arcs settling in?” Questioned General Shinnle. 
“Yes sir, I’ve just shown them around.” Responded Joker.
“Good, now I hate to cut your indoctrination short, but you must get going. Sarazetty’s just reported another attack. They need you there now.” Said the General. 
“Do they have any leads?” Asked the Joker. 
“There has been a sighting of a strange creature. From the description of the creature, it doesn’t sound like a demon.” Added the General. 
“Kaiju?” Inquired Joker. 
“I hope not. I want your Arcs to go down there. Find out what’s going on and stop it before anyone else gets hurt. If it is Kaiju, then abort immediately. Traiven and Shawn are not ready to take on a foe that powerful.” Responded General Shinnle. 
 “Yes, sir.” Said Joker. 
“Good luck.” Wished the general. 
As General Shinnle went off the screen, the door opened and Traiven walked in, followed by Shawn.
“Get ready boys, we have a mission,” said Joker.
“What kind of mission, sir?” Asked Shawn.
“You’re going to investigate the attack on innocent people on the planet Sarazetty.” Answered Joker.
“Got it,” said Traiven enthusiastically. “So when do we leave?”
“Now, we’ll arrive there in the morning, so get some rest. Trust me, you’ll need it.” Joker replied. 

Meanwhile, across the galaxy, on a large moon next to the noble planet Juno, bombs exploded and the sound of gunfire filled the plains. Soldiers of the Federation took cover behind barriers and in trenches, while returning fire the best they could. However, they were no match for the two massive machines that were protecting Sabola’s fortress. The machines were huge and stood on four bug-like legs. Above their legs were two lairs; each having three rotating cannons following the soldiers’ every move. The Sabola soldiers were posted behind the machines in case the Federation would advance. There were small fighter ships flying around the sky from both sides of the battle. The Federation ships were trying to destroy the machines and the Empire’s ships were protecting them.
The Federation soldiers were starting to lose hope. Suddenly, their spirits were lifted,] by the sight of a Phantom coming down from the sky. Its number was Seven-Seven-Two.
The soldiers cheered as they saw the Phantom draw closer. The Phantom was being escorted by the Federation ships. It landed twenty yards behind the area where the Federation soldiers were making their stand.
A figure watched the battle from the window of the fortress as the Phantom landed. He had a muscular body that was covered in orange fur with black stripes running vertically all around its body. He stood up on two legs and had sharp claws and a tiger-like head. On its head protruded a horn from his nose. He was the demon General Nue.
“Lieutenant!” Nue called.
“Sir?” Replied a soldier standing behind him.
“A couple of Arcs are about to join the battle, do everything you can to slow them down.” Said Nue.
“Should I have the walkers target the Arcs?” Asked the soldier. 
“Don’t bother, send out the troops and rush their army before the Arcs reach us.  And if they do, I’ll deal with them myself.” Responded Nue. 
“Yes sir.” Said the soldier. 
Nue’s Summoner named Klide suddenly walked up behind Nue and asked, “Are you sure you can take them both?”
“There’s more to me than just looks.” Responded Nue. 
Across the battlefield the two Arcs had just walked up to the captain of the Federation soldiers. One of them was Sneaux Sasuke; he had a straight sword at his side with a thin blade. The other Arc was massive and it wasn’t difficult for one to see his muscular physique, his look was bold and his brown eyes projected him as one not to mess with. To add depth to this intimidating image, on his back hung a big hammer, the size of an average twelve year old child. His name was Benson Johnson, son of the Master Arc Caliber; he was a two-star Arc.
“Good, you’re finally here,” said the captain. “I don’t really have the time to give you a proper briefing, so I’ll be quick about it. Several months ago, Federation forces had entered this rock and begun to wipe out the Sabola’s presence one fortress at a time. Since then, our numbers have gone down nearly seventy percent. This is the final fortress. As you can see, they have brought out two heavily armed walkers that easily wiped out half of our remaining men. We’re now at a standstill and are unable to progress any farther. We need you to take out those two walkers, so that our forces can continue the assault and take out the final fortress, eliminating Sabola’s presence here.”
“Got it,” replied Sneaux. “General Shinnle also wants us to search the fortress for info about their defenses of Sabola.”
A soldier walked up to the group. “Sir, their forces are on the move, they’re headed straight towards us.”
“Darn! Arc team, are you ready?” Asked the captain. 
“Yes,” answered Sneaux.
“Okay.” The captain turned to the other solider. “Hold your ground as soon as the Arc team engages the walkers, we’ll advance.”  
“Yes sir.” The soldier then ran off. 
The Empire’s soldiers rushed toward the Federation’s barrier. Sneaux and Benson jumped out and ran through the crowd too quickly to be noticed.
As soon as they got close, the walkers turned their cannons to them and opened fire, but the two Arcs quickly dodged every shot.
The Federation soldiers then ran out and engaged the enemy.
Benson jumped up into the air and swung his hammer down. As he landed, his hammer hit the ground and caused a great shock wave, which threw the walkers off balance.
Sneaux lunged toward one of the walkers and swung his sword, slicing off one of its legs. It fell to the ground, and the soldiers controlling it fell out and ran away.
Benson then lunged toward the other walker and hit it with his hammer, cracking it and causing it to fall to the ground. The soldiers who were controlling it got out and ran away as well.
The Federation soldiers had finished off the Sabola’s soldiers and ran toward the fortress. As they got close, Nue jumped out in front of the fortress and threw his palm forward, creating a force that pushed all the Federation soldiers back, several yards away.
“It’s Nue,” said Benson.
“Come on, Let’s take him,” said Sneaux.
Sneaux and Benson rushed toward Nue. Once they got close, Sneaux swung his sword, and Nue jumped back dodging the attack. Just as Sneaux did, Benson jumped forward and swung his hammer, but Nue swung his left fist and knocked it to the side. He then threw his right palm forward, and emitted a force that pushed Benson back causing him to crash to the ground.
Sneaux lunged forward and swung his sword again. Nue swung his right claw and blocked Sneaux’s attack, then swung his left claw and blocked another attack. He then jumped up and spun around while swinging his leg, and kicked Sneaux in the face causing him to fly back several feet, crashing to the ground next to Benson.
Benson helped Sneaux up while saying, “Boy, this guy is tough. He hasn’t even broken a sweat.”
Sneaux wiped the blood from his lip and said, “He’s one of Lance’s generals. I don’t expect anything less.”
Klide suddenly walked out of the fortress and said to Nue, “My lord, I’ve just got word from Lance. We’re ordered to return to Sabola. Robant and the Federation are planning an attack.” 
“Fine,” replied Nue. A ship then flew from behind the fortress and landed next to Nue. Right before he stepped on it, he said to the Arcs, “As much as I would like to finish you right now, I have a more important matter to attend to, at the moment.” He then stepped on the ship, and it took off. 

CHAPTER IX

Phantom Seven-Five-One soared through space on its way to Sarazetty. Traiven was wondering around the ship to familiarize himself with it. He came to a window and stared out and watched as he and the ship passed the dim planet of Robant, lit with bright streams of light wrapping around it’s surface.  I can’t believe I’m actually in outer space, he thought. If only my mom could see this, he sighed. I’ll probably never see her again. It’s crazy how things turned out. One day, you’re branded the jousting champion of a tiny town, the next, you find out you’re not even human.
He stepped away from the window and continued walking around the ship. As he came to an open doorway with a light green symbol of a hollow circle with a small line stretching from the middle of the circle vertically from center to the bottom, this was the medical symbol of the galaxy. Traiven looked inside the room and saw a white bed surrounded by several medical instruments. 
Is this supposed to be a hospital? He thought.
He walked inside the room and looked around, but was stopped by a voice calling him.
“Hey.”
He looked toward the door and saw Bethany standing with her arms folded.
“What are you doing here?” She asked.
“I was just curious.” Traiven responded. 
“Well, this isn’t the place to wander around in. Do you have any idea how much some of this equipment cost?” 
“Don’t worry. I’m not going to break anything.”
Hearing those words from Traiven gave her a flashback of the first time she talked to Raven.

Raven was holding a medical instrument. He was turning it around, scrutinizing it, and trying to figure out what it was. When Bethany walked in and asked, “What are you doing?”
“Oh, I was just wandering around this ship, trying to get used to it.” Raven answered. 
“Well, don’t wander in here. This is some expensive equipment, and I can’t afford for anything to break.” Said Bethany. 
“Don’t worry. I’m not going to break anything.”
Suddenly, the instrument he was holding slipped out of his hands and fell to the floor, shattering into pieces.

Bethany put her hand on her head as she came out of her flashback. “Please, just go.” She said.
“Fine,” said Traiven as he walked out of the room.

Elsewhere on the ship, Shawn stood on the bridge, silently staring out the front screen. Joker was sitting in his chair, sipping on a hot cup of tea. He looked at Shawn and noticed a serious look on his face, as if he was in deep thought.
“Shawn?” Joker called.
“Sir?” Answered Shawn as he turned to Joker. 
“I hear you’re a Seran, making you rightful king of Sabola.”
“Yes sir.” Shawn responded. 
“I also hear that you’ve always been at the top of your class at the academy.”
“Yes sir, that’s why they chose me to team up with Traiven.”
“I’m impressed.” The Joker stated. 
“Well, I’ll try my best ’cause I want to get better. So that I can, one day, take down the Summoners and avenge my family.” Said Shawn. 
“What do you know about your family’s history?” Joker inquired. 
“Not much, only that they were very intelligent and wiped out by the Summoners.”
Joker sighed, “Well, the truth is…” 
“Sir, I have Sarazetty in sight,” said Benny, interrupting Joker.
“Get us in the atmosphere,” said Joker.
“Yes sir.” Benny responded. 
The door opened and Traiven walked in.
“Traiven, you and Shawn go to the hangar bay. You’ll be deploying soon. First, you’re going to investigate the situation, then report back for further instructions.” Said Joker. 
“Yes, sir,” said Shawn.
“Got it,” said Traiven.

As Phantom Seven-Five-One approached the atmosphere, another ship keeping its distance was tailing them. Equal in size but had a more triangular shape. It had short wings on the sides, thrusters in the back and a pointed nose.
Inside the ship, a figure stood in a glass cylinder, with orange steam filling around him. After a few minutes, the steam cleared and a computerized female voice reported, “Regeneration complete.” The dome lifted, and from the smoke walked a young man in his late twenties. He had short black hair that was spiked forward. He looked like he had just exercised by lifting five hundred pound bench presses. His face was young with blue eyes. He stepped out of the dome shirtless, wearing only gray trousers.
He walked through his ship until he reached a reflective wall. As he scrutinized himself, he noticed his skin was very slowly beginning to decay, as he his body was a walking corpse.
As he stared at himself, his ship’s computer spoke to him again, “How effective was the process this time, Lord Moth?”
“It seems the decay is happening faster every time,” Moth answered.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small metallic tube with a syringe on the end. He stabbed it into his forearm, injecting a small doze of liquid into his body. “Even the serum is losing its effects.” He said. 
He walked over to a rack where the rest of his gray clothing was, and he put them on. “What’s the status of our mission?” He asked the computer.
“It appears that Phantom Seven-Five-One is nearing the planet Sarazetty. They’ll be in the atmosphere soon. Should I follow?” The computer responded. 
“No, if they’re on a mission, I’d rather wait till after they deploy their Arcs. Then I’ll go down myself. I have to catch Raven alone. There’s no way I can take on two Arcs.”
“Very well, Lord Moth.”
“Let’s just keep an eye on them for now.” Moth added. 

Back on the Phantom, Shawn and Traiven were in the hangar bay, preparing for their mission. They were standing next to a wall with various weapons hanging from it. The wall held guns and melee weapons, like swords and knives. Shawn grabbed a sword from the wall and handed it to Traiven. “Try not to break it this time,” he said.
Traiven grabbed his sword and attached it to his belt. “Do you think we’ll have to use our weapons?” He asked.
“I hope so,” said Shawn as he grabbed his scythe from the wall. He then grabbed the top of the handle underneath the blade, and the pole and blade retracted to a smaller single-handed weapon. He then attached it to his belt.
“That’s neat, so your handle can grow long or small,” replied Traiven. 
Shawn then grabbed two earpieces from a counter under the weapons and handed one to Traiven. “This is how we’ll keep in touch with each other and the ship.”
Traiven watched Shawn put it inside of his right ear and did the same. 
They instantly heard Joker speak from the bridge. “Now we’re expecting you two to be here for a couple of days, so the first thing I want you to do is check into the inn. We already have reservations made for you. Then I want you to meet up with the king. After that, explore the city, meet and talk to citizens. Try to get as much information about the situation as you can through casual conversation. That shouldn’t be too hard ’cause it’s been happening a lot lately.”
“Sir, why don’t we just storm the place, find out what’s going on, and take care of it?” Asked Traiven. “It wouldn’t take us more than a day.” He added. 
“That’s because we don’t know what’s going on. If you do that, then whoever’s responsible will know that the Federation is on their tail. They just might pack up and leave before we can stop them. You can’t let anyone know who you are or why you’re there. Got it?” Said Joker 
“Yes sir,” Traiven answered in a disappointed voice.
“Now get ready to deploy.” Ordered Joker. 
“What do you mean?” Asked Traiven.
“We’re dropping you off from the atmosphere. You’ll jump down to the Sarazetty’s surface. The whole time you’re there, the ship will orbit the planet.” Said Joker. 
“Again, why don’t you just land?” Questioned Traiven. 
“Phantoms rarely land on a planet. In most missions, we don’t want the enemy to be aware of our presence, so the ship stays in the atmosphere while the Arcs go to the planet alone. I’ll be giving you orders from the ship.” Said Joker. 
“Enough with the questions Traiven,” said Shawn. “Are we going to start this mission or not.”
“Well, excuse me for not spending years training for this.” Traiven replied in a sarcastic voice.
The two each stood on circular panels next to each other. Both panels rose up through the ceiling of the hangar bay, taking them to the outer hull of the ship. They were now standing on top of the ship and staring down at the planet’s surface. It appeared bright and colorful.
 Sarazetty looks amazing, Traiven thought.
“Are you ready?” Asked Joker from his chair on the bridge.
“As we’ll ever be,” answered Traiven.
“Remember, if you need us just call and we can provide support from our position.” Joker added. 
“Yes, sir,” replied Shawn.
“Arcs deploy!” 
Shawn looked at Traiven and said, “Just follow my lead.”
Shawn bent down and Traiven did the same. They quickly dove off the ship face-first toward the planet. As they fell to the planet’s surface, they felt the heat of the atmosphere around their bodies. Their uniforms produced plasma heat shields, which protected them from burning. 
Traiven’s eyes were closed at initial landing, but once he opened them, he could see blurred colors getting bigger and brighter. When they came into focus, he could see that the colors were the lights of massive buildings. 
“Look” said Shawn as he pointed to a forest just outside the city. “We’ll land there so no one will see us.”
“Got it.” Responded Traiven. 
They turned their bodies in the direction of the forest and fell toward it.
“Traiven, will you be okay on landing this time?” Asked Shawn through the earpiece. 
“I think so.” Said Traiven. 
They fell past the trees. Just as they got over the ground, Shawn twisted his body and created a force that made them stop midair for a second, then landed in a three-point stance, while Traiven crashed to the ground.
Shawn helped Traiven up. “Are you okay?” Shawn asked.
“I would be if that’s the last time I ever had to do that.” 
“Don’t worry. You’ll eventually learn. Now come on, we’ve got work to do.”

On the bridge of Phantom Seven-Five-One; the crew was contacted by Shawn. “Captain, we’ve just reached the surface.”
“Good,” replied Captain Joker, as he leaned back in his chair. “Benny, take us outside.”
“Yes sir,” said Benny, as he grabbed the rubber ship control sticks, steering the ship away.

Lord Moth watched, standing on his ship as the Phantom flew out of the atmosphere. He was posted just outside the atmosphere. He spoke to his ship’s computer, over a communication device in his ear, similar to Traiven and Shawn’s, “Whatever you do Ana, don’t enter the atmosphere. Even if you’re cloaked, they could still pick you up with their magnetic radar.”
“Yes, Lord Moth.”
The ship spun until the planet was over Lord Moth’s head. He bent his knees and then pushed himself off; straight toward the planet’s surface. 

Meanwhile at Robant, General Shinnle along with Captain Richard, Cid, and Maya, had met with the King of Robant, Joseph Williams the 2nd. They walked into the castle war room in Robant escorted by guards. They met up with three generals standing around a holographic diagram of the dark castle of Sabola, on a circular panel.
“Thank you for meeting with us,” said King Joseph.
“Anything to help bring down the Summoners your highness.” Replied General Shinnle.
“I am truly sorry that you were dragged into this war,” said General Shinnle.
“Do you know what the Summoners have planned with our scientists?” Asked King Joseph.
General Shinnle answered, “The Summoners have been trying to open a gateway to hell, so they could bring the demon Cassius to this plane.”
“Can’t they just summon him?”
“No, Cassius’s power is too great for any Summoner to harness. We are afraid that Cassius might bring numerous demons with him; whose powers may be too great for our Arcs to stand a chance.”
“And they believe our scientist can do that for them?” Inquired the King. 

“Sabola isn’t exactly known for their technology. They were close to creating a gateway before by using research left behind by the Seran, but it was destroyed by one of our Arcs.” Answered the general. 
“So you were able to get an Arc to their surface?” Asked the King. 
“Yes, but they knew he was there before he touched the ground. It’s almost impossible to get men to the surface unnoticed, and we’d face a significant number of casualties trying to break through their defenses.” Said General Shinnle. 
“What about your Arcs?” Questioned the King. 
“They can’t fight a war on their own. But if we know where the system is that controls their defense, we can send them directly to it and destroy it before launching an attack.” Assumed the General. 
“Then we would need to get information on the layout of their castle.” said Richard intervene and said. 
“Yes,” replied General Shinnle. “We’ve just ended an assault on a Summoner base on Serprus. We did get a layout of the castle on Sabola, as well as a few structures just outside of the castle.”
“What did your guys find out?” Asked King Joseph. “Nothing specific, but we do know that all additions to planet’s forces they had made, are housed in all of their structures built in front of the castle.

Most likely their defense system is in one, but we don’t know which.”
“Can’t you destroy them all?” Asked King Joseph.
“There is too many to take one by one,” said Shinnle. “We only have twenty-five Arc teams, and many of them aren’t familiar with fighting multiple opponents.” 
“Don’t forget General, the Summoners don’t know our exact number of Arc teams.” Said Richard. “We can use that to our advantage.” 
“What do you mean?” Asked King Joseph. 
“We’ll have to get all of our Arcs to the planet’s surface and have them spread out. We designate two teams to find and destroy the defense controls, while the others act as decoys.” Said Richard. 
“Would that work?” Asked King Joseph.
“Yes,” answered General Shinnle with a sigh, “But it will cost us severely. You’re talking about sacrificing men.”
“And if they succeed with raising Cassius. How many people will lose their lives?” Replied King Richard.
“General Shinnle turned and thought for a second, then replied. “Captain Richard given the circumstances, this is a good place to start, but I will need to take it up with the Masters before we can move forward.”
“I understand,” said Captain Richard.
“Just know that whatever you decide, Robant will be behind you in full force.” Added King Joseph.
“Thank you,” said General Shinnle. “Just have your army ready for anything.”


CHAPTER X
Traiven and Shawn had just walked into the castle of Sarazetty. The lights were dim and the walls were brown and designed with wood patterns. Traiven noticed a large chandelier, hanging in the center of a large lobby that looked as if it was made from antlers. He was surprise to see that it was lit with candles. They were standing on a large rug that was a darker brown than the walls, with various shades of green leaf patterns around it. There was large staircase before them with two brown large, statues of wolves on each side.
“Hey Shawn,” whispered Traiven, “This is totally not what I was expecting.”
“Then what were you expecting?” Asked Shawn.
“Something a bit more technological. I mean they do have the technology to space travel, can’t they have a more advanced looking pad?”
“I don’t know how things are on Earth, but in this galaxy we have style.” Answered Shawn.
Traiven stretched his head for a second in thought. “Guess I never thought of it that way.” He said. 
“Welcome!” Came a voice from in front of them.
They looked forward and saw a man in his early-fifties walking toward them, followed by two soldiers. They all wore brown uniforms and the old man was wearing a fur cloak.  “My name is Joshua Black,” the old man said. “King of Sarazetty.”
“It’s an honor your highness,” Shawn said as he bowed. He then grabbed Traiven’s arm and brought him down as well.
They arose and Traiven spoke, “So sir, I hear you have a monster problem.”
“Well, we aren’t sure as to what it is exactly,” replied King Joshua, “but we were hoping that you could help us find out. Why don’t you follow me to our command room and I’ll tell you the details.” Said the king.
King Joshua led the two Arcs up the stairs; then they took a right down a wide pathway. As they were walking, Traiven noticed wooden carvings of various animals posted along the walk, but no more wolves. 
The king led them through one of the doors in the pathway, into a large room with a round platform in the center. Surrounding the platform there were men and women working on their individual computers along the walls. One of the generals walked in and joined them.
King Joshua introduced his general. “This is General Frank Sandoval.”
“It’s an honor to meet you,” said Frank.
“I’m Shawn, and this is Traven.” Replied Shawn.
“Okay then, let’s get right to it.” Frank responded. “For the past few months, there have been strange attacks, done late at night. We’ve been trying to find out why this is happening, but whoever’s responsible has been able to cover their tracks pretty good. That is, until a week ago.” The general pressed a button on the panel and a holographic image appeared. It was a shot of a creature standing in the forest. It was barely revealed behind a group of trees, making it hard to see its full body. All they were able to see was a green shade and what appeared to be the head of a humanoid reptile.
Shawn bent down and scrutinized the image. “Well, I don’t see any horns that immediately rules out a demon. And it has green skin, that rules out a Kaiju, but it also doesn’t look like any animal I’ve ever seen.” Shawn said. 
“It kind’ a looks like a lizard,” said Traiven.
“Exactly,” replied Shawn, “but I’ve never seen a lizard of this size before. It could be an undiscovered species.”
“If so, it’s a dangerous one,” replied King Joshua.
Shawn turned to Traiven. “We have to find this thing.”
“It looks dangerous,” said Traiven.
“You’re an Arc Traiven,” replied Shawn, “and this thing is probably just an animal.”
“I can provide men to assist you,” said King Joshua.
“We would need you to set up a perimeter around the forest to make sure it doesn’t leave while we’re searching.” Said Shawn. “Also a surveillance team to keep an eye out and report back to us any findings during our search.” He added. 
“You got it,” replied Frank.
“As far as the search itself, Traiven and I will handle it alone.”
“We are?” Asked Traiven fearfully.
“If it is just an animal, then we don’t want to scare it away.” Replied Shawn.
“Ok, I understand, good luck,” said King Joshua.
“We’ve been searching the forest for months to find out what’s going on,” said Frank. “But of course, we don’t possess the skills that you Arcs have.”
“Our ability to cover lots of ground in a short time will be a great advantage.” Said Shawn. “It won’t be able to escape us.”
“Good.” King Joshua turned to Frank. “Begin setting up the perimeter and surveillance.” The king ordered. He then turned back to Shawn and Traiven. “Once it gets dark, you can begin your mission.”
“Okay” replied Shawn. “We’ll go and report back to our captain for now. Don’t worry, we’ll find this thing and save your people.”


Shawn and Traiven left the castle, and were walking through the city heading back to the inn to make their report back to their ship.
“Hey Shawn, I’ve been thinking,” said Traiven.
“About what?” Asked Shawn. 
“Well, I know everything about the Summoners and the demons, but who are the Kaiju? This is the second time I heard them mentioned.”
“The Kaiju are a clan of shape-shifters. They may look like ordinary humans, but expose them to an abundant amount of lunar energy… Say a full moon and they transform into powerful creatures. What makes them so lethal is the fact they always operate in packs. You’ll never face just one.” Said Shawn. 
“They sound worse than the Summoners.” Traiven responded. 
“They can be. Luckily, they’re not a threat to the Federation.” Shawn added. 
“Why’s that?” Asked Traiven. 
“Because they’re neutral. At one point in time, they were servants to the demons. They were the reason the Angels decided to infuse their powers into humans; creating the Arcs, but they grew too proud to continue taking orders. So they started serving themselves.”
“What did the demons do about it?”
“What could they do? The demons are all trapped in hell. They couldn’t physically do anything; their own creations turned on them, kind of ironic. That’s when the Summoners came in. A clan of humans agreed to help them to cross over to our plane, in exchange for freedom in the next life.”
“What do you mean by freedom?”
“Well, everyone knows that pure souls go to heaven and corrupted souls go to hell. Well, imagine if you were able to live your life, as you wanted, without having to worry about the tortures you’ll face in the afterlife. That’s basically the deal Summoners made; which is why they serve the demons. So that when they do go to hell, they’ll be treated with respect. I can’t believe they don’t find it a little suspicious that the demons themselves want to leave.” 
“Aren’t the Kaiju worried about that?” Asked Shawn. 
“Well, the Kaiju are kind of immortal. They never age. Of course, they can be killed by an Arc; which is part of the reason they remain neutral. They don’t want war; because they know what would happen to them once they die, and believe me the demons can’t wait till the Kaiju souls are in hell.”

Back on the bridge of Phantom Seven-Five-One, Benny was sitting at his chair when a call came in over the communication system. “Sir, we’re getting a transmission from the Arc team,” he said.
“Patch them through,” replied Joker.

Back on the surface, Shawn was standing on a balcony at the inn, staring over the city as he talked to Joker through his earpiece, while Traiven was in the room preparing for the mission.
“From the image we saw, it’s nothing we can identify.” Said Shawn to Joker. “But we think it maybe some kind of creature. 
“Let’s hope that’s all it is,” replied Joker.
“We do have a plan in effect to find it, with help from the Sarazetty soldiers.”
“Don’t attack it right away; find and observe it for a bit. See if it might have a nest or something just in case there might be more than one.” Said Joker. 
“Yes sir.” Answered Shawn. 
“And remember, if it is a demon, abort immediately. You’re not ready to take one on yet.”
“We’ll do, sir.”
Shawn then turned and walked back into the room where Traiven was sheathing his sword. Shawn gripped his scythe and put it on his side. “Are you ready, Traiven?” He asked.
“Kind’a nervous.” Answered Traiven. 
“Don’t worry, just remain calm and focus. Remember your training and don’t be afraid to push yourself. Trust me, you have more power than you realize.” Said Shawn. 
“How many missions have you been on, Shawn?”
“This is my second. My first was when Rukaryo and I went to retrieve you from Earth.”
“Then you’re new at this too.” 
“Well, I did have a while of training. Anyway, the sun will be down soon so let’s get going.”

Later that evening, Traiven and Shawn stood at the entrance of the forest looking through the dark woods. The Sarazetty soldiers stood behind them with their weapons aimed forward, in battle-ready position. General Frank walked up to the Arcs and reported, “We’re all set up, and the surveillance is online. Trust me, nothing’s getting out of this forest without us knowing.” 
“Thanks,” replied Shawn. He then turned to Traiven. “Ready?”
“Not really,” answered Traiven with an apathetic tone of voice. 
“Okay, let’s go,” said Shawn with a smile on his face.  
Traiven took a deep breath staring ahead at the dark forest before them. Thoughts flooded his mind; thoughts about what types of things could be lurking in the forest before him. 
While intruding into the forest, Traiven had a flash back from Earth; he and a friend once ran into a coyote in the forest next to their town. They were able to scare it away with sticks, but the creature in this forest make the coyote seem like a mouse. 
“TRAIVEN!” Came the voice of Shawn snapping him out of his thought. “You sure you’re okay?” Shawn asked.
“Sorry,” he answered. “Don’t worry I’m fine.”
 As they entered the forest Shawn bent down and felt the ground with both of his palms. 
“What are you doing?” Asked Traiven.
“Tracking, since we can barely see anything; I’m trying to feel for abnormal prints on the ground.”
“Well, how’s that working out?”
“Well, I do feel something but it may just be an animal. Then again we didn’t see what this creature’s feet looked like, so I’m really not sure how its feet are shaped.”
“Well, it did seem like a type of lizard creature,” said Traiven. “Just think how lizard feet are shaped.”
Shawn searched a bit more then said, “I just found some prints, but it seems to split off in two directions.”
“So there’re more of these things?” Asked Traiven. 
“That could be a possibility; we should split up just to be sure.” Shawn stood up and turned to Traiven. “It seems one track is heading south and the other is heading west.”
“Or maybe we can take them one at a time?” ask Traiven. 
“We don’t want to risk missing an opportunity; splitting up is the best way.” Shawn responded. 
“Unfortunately” Traiven sighed. “Okay, I’ll go left.”
“Good luck. We can keep in touch through our transmitters.”
“Sure!” Said Traiven raising his voice trying to give himself some valor. 
They each took off, going in their separate ways.

Traiven walked slowly and cautiously through the dark forest, looking around in every direction. There was little light from the moon and the trees constantly waved in the wind. Fear slowly took over Traiven but he tried his best to hold it together. He quickly unsheathed his sword just in case something jumped up on him.
“ARC TEAM!” Came a transmission from the ship causing Traiven to jump in panic.
“AAH!” Traiven shouted.
“Are you okay?” Asked Joker.
“Yes.” Answered Traiven, with a sign of relief. “Just thought I saw a deer or something, what’s up?”
“Arc team, report your status.”
“I think I may be getting close,” came the voice of Shawn. “Traiven, how about you?”
“Did you two split up?” Asked Joker.
“Wasn’t my idea,” replied Traiven.
“We had to,” answered Shawn.
“Then be extra careful.” Said Joker.
“Easier said than done,” said Traiven. “And with my luck, I’ll be the one to run right into the man-eating lizard.”
There was a sudden static over Traiven’s transmission, and he could barely make out what they were saying. “Tr . . . ow . . . ion.”
“I’m sorry, Captain. What was that?” But he got no answer. “Captain! Shawn! You there?”  Still there was no answer.
Traiven’s attention was suddenly taken by a strange voice coming from a tree a few meters from him. “Having a bit of communication trouble?” 
He turned and saw a being leaning on to a tree, holding a circular device with a blinking green light.
Traiven stared at him in confusion. “Who are you?” He asked.
Moth put his device on the tree. “Don’t you recognize me? It isn’t that dark in this forest.” He then stretched out his arms and his blades emerged. “After all, we do have some unfinished business.”
Traiven stared in silence for a second trying to figure out who he was until he finally gave up and replied. “Nope, sorry doesn’t ring a bell. Wait, are you a fan?”
Moth angrily strained his fist and said, “You are unbelievable!” He then lunged toward Traiven with his right blade cocked back. His movement was so quick that Traiven didn’t have time to act. He just stood there in a daze tightly gripping his sword in front of him. Moth swung his blade and hit Traiven’s sword with all his might, shattering it into pieces, and causing Traiven to fly back and crash to a nearby tree. 
Moth rushed toward Traiven, and grabbed him with his left hand, cocking his right blade backward. Before he could swing, he noticed Traiven putting his left hand up and turning his face in fear. Moth brought his blade down and threw Traiven to the ground. “What’s gotten into you?” Moth asked. “Where’s that fight you brought before? You know I hate easy victories.”
Traiven slowly stood up and replied. “What are you talking about?”
“Don’t play ignorant. You’ve fought me before.”
Traiven gave a sighed in relief. “Oh, so that makes sense. Look, I know this might sound strange, but I’m not Raven.”
“What do you mean, you’re not Raven?”
“I mean the guy whom you’re referring to isn’t me, okay? He went missing months ago.” Said Traiven.
“That’s impossible, you look just like him.” Moth scrutinized Traiven a bit more. “Wait, your sword and your rank badge. Are you a clone? I thought the Federation was against that.”
“I’m Raven’s brother, Traiven.”
Moth retracted his blade and slowly walked up to Traiven in amazement. “This is unreal, two Nephilim.” He then stepped back. “Well, I guess this is your lucky day then. My job was to kill Raven and you’re not him.”
Moth turned around, and preceded to walk away, then turned back for a second. “But don’t worry. If I know Lance, you’ll be seeing me again real soon.” He then turned back, grabbed his device and walked away.
Once Moth had left the area, Traiven was able to receive a transmission from Joker. “Traiven, are you there?”
“Yes, Captain, I’m here,” answered Traiven.
“Good, we lost you for a second.”
“Hey, Traiven, I found something,” came the voice of Shawn. “Head south and meet me.”
“On my way.” Traiven responded. 

CHAPTER XI

Traiven stepped through the forest and came upon Shawn, squatting down holding a piece of dried scale.
“So it is a man eating-lizard.” Said Traiven.
Shawn looked up at him and replied. “The evidence keeps pointing in that direction.” Shawn then dropped the scale and stood up. He noticed the broken sword handle in Traiven’s hand. “Really?” He asked. “We haven’t even been out here for an hour.”
“It wasn’t my fault,” explained Traiven. “There was this little grey man with a circular thingy that had a blinking light on it, I think he’s a fan” 
Shawn silently stared at Traiven trying to convince himself that Traiven had to be smarter than he seemed.
“You know,” continued Traiven. “One of those crazy stalker fans who try to kill their idols.”
Unknowing to the two Arcs, there were a pair of green reptilian eyes watching them from within the trees distance.
Shawn finally shook his head and said, “Just use your gun for now.”
As the green reptilian eyes received a clear view of Shawn’s face;, an image appeared in its head of a similar but older looking man standing over him as a long needle slowly entered his pupil which caused him great pain. 

Shawn and Traiven suddenly heard a movement in the trees behind them. As they turned toward the sound; a green scaly creature the size of a full grown man jumped in front of them shaped as human, but covered in rough green scales. It had sharp teeth, long claws and a long green tail.
The creature pounced on Shawn pinning him to the ground as Traiven watched helplessly.
The creature stared down at Shawn’s face, and took a large sniff. It then spoke in a hissing voice that vibrates. “You reek of Seran.”
“Who are you?” Asked Shawn.
“You’re his son aren’t you?” It replied.
“GET OFF HIM!” shouted Traiven holding his gun with both hands aimed at the creature. 
His hands were shaking a bit with fear. “I swear I’ll shoot.”
“TRAIVEN JUST SHOOT HIM!” Shouted Shawn with his back against the floor.
As Traiven stepped closer the creature swung its tail and knocked the gun off from Traiven’s hands, then swung its tail again and knocked Traiven into the forest. It then brought its tail in and brushed it over Shawn’s face.
“Your father caused me a lot of pain.” It said. “Allow me to return the favor.”
A single sharp claw emerged from the end of its tail.

Just as it was about to stab Shawn, Traiven ran from the forest and threw his palms forward, emitting a force throwing the creature into the air and off of Shawn. While in the air, the creature spun its body around and landed on its feet.
Shawn kicked his feet up and caused his body to flip up. As he landed he grabbed the handle of his scythe with his right hand, and pulled it from his belt. He quickly spun it, as the handle and blade extended into a two handed weapon. He caught it with both hands, in a stance ready to strike.
Traiven quickly brought his hand up to his ear and spoke to General Frank over his earpiece. “We got it, we need support come to our location.”
“On our way.” Came the voice of Frank.
Shawn and the creature stood staring at each other; both waiting for the other to make a move.
“Who are you?” Asked Shawn.
“Why don’t you go and ask your father Seran.” Replied the creature.
“I don’t know what you think is going on, but  my father was killed years ago.” Said Shawn. 
“Figures, they had it coming.” Responded the lizard. 
The creature then jumped toward Shawn and lashed out with its right claw. Shawn quickly swung his scythe and blocked the attack with its blade. The creature swung its left its claw. Shawn swung his scythe to the right, but the creature jumped up over the attack lifting both of its feet into the air. 
It spun around and kicked Shawn backward. While the two were battling, Traiven was frozen in fear. Though he wanted to help; he was too afraid to act. 
As Shawn recovered from the creatures last attack; he noticed the creature rushing toward him on all fours. But it was too late to move, and the creature pounced on him pinning him to the ground.
“Now,” it said, as it again lifted its tail to Shawn’s face. “Where were we?”
“TRAIVEN HELP!” Shouted Shawn.
Traiven ran toward the creature and was about to throw his palms forward again to create a force attack, but it quickly swung its tail and knocked Traiven back into the forest.
It lifted its tail and forced it down on Shawn, but before it could reach Shawn’s face; a stream of red energy shot from the forest and hit the creature knocking it off.
Sarazetty soldiers quickly ran out and surrounded it with their weapons aimed. Frank walked out and shot it with a net gun, capturing it. They helped the two Arcs up and gathered around the creature as it tried to fight its way out.
“Are you boys okay?” Asked Frank.
“Yeah,” answered Shawn. Shawn then turned to Traiven.
“Shawn, I’m so sorry I froze up.” Said Traiven. “I just got a bit afraid.”
“You’re an Arc Traiven.” Shawn said with anger. “If you can’t handle something like this how are you going to take on the Summoners?”
“Come on this is my first time, I’ll get better.” Answered Traiven. 
“For your sake I hope so.” Shawn then walked off, leaving Traiven in despair.
“Is everything okay?” Asked Frank.
“Yeah,” answered Traiven. “I’m just really new to all this.”
Frank patted him on the shoulder. “Don’t worry kid. Battle can be intense at first but you’ll get use to it.” He then shouted to his men. “OKAY GUYS LET’S TAKE THIS THING IN.” 
Traiven sighed then walked away to catch up with Shawn.
Meanwhile on Sabola, the Demon General Nue walked through the dark castle with an angry look on his face, closely followed by Justin, his Summoner. He busted through the door to Lance’s office.
Lance was standing in front of the window, staring out over the castle.
“So this couldn’t wait for us to finish the battle?” Asked Nue.
“There’s word that the Federation is planning a direct attack on Sabola. We need to prepare.” Said Lance. 
“Don’t be foolish, Sabola’s defenses are impenetrable. They won’t be able to reach our surface without suffering fatal casualties.” Replied Nue.
“When will you demons learn not to underestimate humans?”
Nue angrily strained his fist and moved closer to Lance. “And when will you Summoners learn who are the servants and who are the masters.”
Lance turned, facing Nue. “That idea of yours to steal the research from Robant has put us in their crosshairs as well. We don’t stand a chance against both of their armies.”
“Then where are we with repairing the Gateway?” Questioned Nue.
 “The hard part is getting those Robant scientists to cooperate.  Maybe we should have just abandoned the Gateway idea, after Raven destroyed the first one.” Said Lance. 
Nue growled then stepped closer to Lance in anger. “You humans are so pathetic. Always ready too quickly, every time you get a scratch. If they won’t corporate then make them. Post a constant watch, and make sure they stay on schedule. Time is running out we need Cassius now.” 
“Okay, but what about the Federation?” 
“Leave the defense to me.” Nue then turned and walked out.

Back at Sarazetty, Shawn and Traiven were standing in the main lobby of the Castle. They were each standing at a side of Joker, staring at Joshua who was standing before the staircase between two brown wolf statues. 
“The Divine Federation has our gratitude,” said King Joshua. “If there’s anything we can do just name it.”
“Thank you your highness,” replied Joker with a bow. “We do request that you give the creature to us for study. I think it may be a former experiment of the late Seran King.”
“Of course.” Said King Joshua. 
“Thank you, we will send for it when we return; although, with the current war raging on, it might take us a while before we can provide an escort.”
“No problem, I do understand your struggle against the Summoners. Tell your General to just say the word and our forces will be at your aid.” Said the king. 
“Thank you your highness.”
Joker again bowed, this time along with Shawn. Traiven stood there watching until Joker grabbed his arm and brought him down as well. The three rose then turned and walked out.

Phantom Seven-Five-One was soaring through space on its way back to Vana. Traiven and Shawn were standing on the bridge in front of Joker, in his chair making their complete report. Shafer, Belle and Bethany were standing behind Joker, and Benny was at his chair piloting the ship.
“This guy was so fast I could barely keep up with him,” said Traiven as he finished explaining the mysterious assassin.
“His name is Moth,” replied Joker. “He was the one Raven was fighting before he disappeared. We all think he may have had something to do with it.”
“I doubt that,” replied Traiven. “It didn’t seem like he even knew Raven was missing. But the way he moved was just like an Arc. What’s his story anyway?”
“Wish I could tell you.” Answered Joker. “No one really knows who he is or where he came from. He’s extremely powerful and seems to have the same skills that Arcs possess. He might have been an Arc at one point, but we have no records of any Arcs who have gone unaccounted for.”
“He let me go though. What’s up with that?” asked Traiven.
“Surprisingly, he does have a sense of honor.” Answered Joker. “Even knowing that he’ll probably be asked to finish you; he let you live now because you weren’t his target. Although he is an assassin, he doesn’t want to be branded a murderer.”
“Wasn’t he the one who killed General Shinnle’s son Vincent?” Asked Shawn.
“Yes, but what we need to worry about is the fact that you most likely will see him again and have to face him Traiven. You need to be ready when that time comes. He was always a handful, even for Raven.”
“Traiven still is nowhere near ready for real combat. He froze up during our battle with that creature,” said Shawn. 
“Then you still have a long way to go.” Joker said to Traiven. “Moth wouldn’t dare enter Vana, so you’re safe as long as you’re there.”
“Well, that’s a relief,” said Traiven.
“However when you do face him, you will be alone.” Added Joker. “Moth will see to that. We’ll try to protect you the best we can, but eventually he will set his stage. Moth seems to know how we operate, so it’s only a matter of time.”
“So that’s it?” Asked Traiven. “If I can’t kill him, he’ll kill me?”
“For now, it’s best that you don’t leave Vana until we figure this out. You need to train as much as you can, and you really need to learn to balance your power if you don’t want to keep breaking your weapons.” Said Joker. 
“So this means, until Traiven can get better, we won’t be going on any missions?” Asked Shawn.
“Shawn, I know you want to be in the field, but you two are a team. You’re only as powerful as your weakest link.”
Shawn angrily turned to Traiven. “I have a lot to fight for Traiven, you better train well ’cause I won’t have you holding me back.” 
“I’m trying.” Said Traiven.
“Don’t worry Traiven.” Intervened Shafer. “If you’re even half the man Raven was, you’ll have no problem.”
Bethany angrily folded her arm and turned toward Shafer. “You say that as if Raven’s dead.”
“I didn’t mean it like that Bethany.” Explained Shafer.
Bethany turned and walked out in anger. 
“What can you two tell me about this creature?” Asked Joker changing the subject.
“He somehow knew that I am a Seran.” Replied Shawn while staring down in thought. “He said that I looked just like him. I think he knew my father.” He then picked up his head toward Joker. “What were the experiments they were practicing exactly?”
“There is much about the Seran that went on behind their facade. So much that we have neglected to put out, so we don’t tarnish their name.”
“I was always told that my family stood for the development of mankind on their own accord.”  Stated Shawn. 
“Yes, but we neglected to mention that they were trying to prove that mankind didn’t need the aid of Angels, Demons or even King Ye-hovah himself.”
“So they were trying to play God?” Asked Shawn.
“They were trying to create a being with abilities equivalent to Arcs. Needless to say all the experiments were failures. The creature must be one of them, but the question is how did it get to Sarazetty?” Questioned Joker. 
“Captain why didn’t I know this about my family?” Inquired Shawn.
Joker sighed trying to lighten the message as much as possible. “Shawn there is a lot about your family that we’ve kept from you. A lot you’re not ready to hear, but I promise when the time is right we’ll tell you the complete truth.”
“Truth?” Shawn took a step forward getting closer to Joker. “Captain, tell me, was it really the Summoners who killed them?”
“They did play a significant hand in their deaths, but they weren’t completely to blame.” Joker responded. 
Shawn struck a look of shock as to what he feared the complete truth might be. He wanted to ask more but wasn’t sure he wanted to hear the answer, so he turned and silently walked out.
Traiven was about to go after Shawn, but Joker stopped him. “Don’t worry about him right now, Traiven,” Joker said. “Shawn has lost a lot in his young life and he wants nothing more than to personally avenge his people.”
“Captain why didn’t we know any of this?” Asked Shafer.
“The Seran were very secretive in their affairs.” Answered Joker. “And when we found out what horrific thing they were planning; we couldn’t let it come to pass.” He added.
“What?”
“The Gateway they were creating wasn’t originally meant for hell.” Answered Joker. “They were building it to enter heaven. So think about it, they believed man should be the dominant beings, trying to create humans with the powers of Angels, and also trying to create a Gateway to heaven. Anyone could have seen what they were planning.”
“They were waging war on heaven,.” added Belle, with a look of surprise.

CHAPTER XII

Bethany was sitting at her desk in the medical room, going over research on a flat panel, when she heard a knock on her door. She walked over, opened it, and took sight of Traiven standing with a bruise on his arm.
“What happened?” She asked.
“Oh, Shawn and I were doing a bit of sparring and I got hurt… You know I think he did it on purpose.”
Bethany sighed, “Come inside, I’ll take care of you.”
Traiven walked inside and closed the door behind him.

Back on the bridge, Joker was sitting sipping on a cup of warm tea, while looking at a screen in front. His feet were kicked up in a very restful manner.
“Sir!” Called Benny.
“What is it?”
“We’re nearing the atmosphere of Vana.”
“Good, bring us in safely.” Said Joker. 
“Yes sir.”
Benny began steering the ship toward the planet. He pressed a button on the ships panel, and brought to a visual the surface of the planet, on part of his screen.
“It’s seems like a lot of phantoms are returning.” Implied Benny.
“There’s a Masters’ call tomorrow.” Replied Joker. “General Shinnle is ready to discuss a plan to get pass Sabola’s defense.” He calmly lifted his teacup and took another sip. “Looks like this war is nearing its end.” He added.

Back in the medical room, Traiven had his arm up on a table exposing his wound; while Bethany tried healing it by slowly inching a small laser over every part of the wound. 
“You’re really good at this,” he mentioned. But she just ignored him. “So how long have you been on this ship?” He asked, but she maintained her act of silence.
Traiven sighed and gave up, then remained silent as she finished up with the wound. After a moment of silence, he grew bored so he leaned toward Bethany and looked into her eyes and said, “I bet you’d talk to me if I were Raven.”
Bethany angrily stuck the laser through his skin, causing him great pain. “ouch!” He cried.
“you don’t know anything about raven!” She shouted angrily. 
Traiven slowly stood up and walked out. As he did he ran into Belle

“Hey, Traiven,” she called. “Did you get hurt?” 
“I don’t think Bethany likes me much.” 
“Well, she was crushed when Raven disappeared. It’ll be a while before she gets over it.” Said Belle.
“You’re right, I should just stay out of her way.”
Belle put her hand on his shoulder and said,  “Don’t worry, I’m sure she’ll come around sooner or later.”
“Then I’ll give her some space now.” Said Traiven. 
“It is for the best. When Vincent Shinnle was killed his wife Maya was crushed, and If anything happened to my husband, I’d probably be the same way.” She replied. “But I guess that’s the price you pay for falling in love with an Arc.”
“Your husband is an Arc?” Asked Traiven. 
“Yes, his name is Sneaux.” Belle answered. 
“Wait, I know him; guess I should have put two and two together after hearing your last name.” Traiven acknowledge. 
“When did you two meet?”
“After my first day of training, he was on his way to a mission, so I didn’t get to talk to him much. He seems like a really good guy.” Traiven responded. 
“Yeah he is.” Belle admitted. 

Phantom Seven-Five-One had just docked on Vana. As the door opened, Joker, Benny, and Shafer happily walked out.
“It’s good to be home,” said Benny. “Hey, Captain, Shafer and I are going to go out and celebrate another mission completed, wanna join us?”
“Nah…I’m going home. When I get back from a mission, all I wanna do is seeing my lovely wife and daughter.”
Shafer walked up to Benny. “Hey, why don’t we take the new kids out?”
“You’re right, it’s about time we show them how we have fun in the Federation.” Benny responded. 
Traiven and Shawn had just walked out of the ship when they heard someone yelling at them. 
“hey!” Called Benny.
“What?” Asked Shawn as he and Traiven walked to meet Benny and Shafer.
“So you two have any plans for tonight?” Asked Shafer.
“Sleep,” answered Traiven.
“Sleeping is for losers,” replied Benny. “We’re about to go and celebrate another mission accomplished. Why don’t you join us?”
“Sure,” answered Traiven. “What do you say, Shawn?”
“I’m going home and rest Traiven. I suggest you do the same; I won’t be taking it easy on you in training tomorrow.” Shawn then walked away.
“Typical Arc,” said Shafer as the three watched Shawn walk away.
“Okay, Traiven come on, let’s go,” said Benny.
“Okay, sure” replied Traiven. The three walked away. 

Bethany had just finished cleaning her workspace when Belle walked in and took her attention.
“Are you okay?” Belle asked.
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Answered Bethany. 
“You never really leave this room.” Said Belle. 
“Yeah, well I don’t have much to do on this ship but work.” Bethany responded. 
“Why not take a break. Go exercise or something.” Added Belle. 
“Look Belle, I know you’re worried, but I’ll be fine. Now I’m going to go home and get some rest.”
“Bethany, you haven’t been the same since we’ve lost Raven. It’s time to let him go and move on with your life.”
“I SAID I WAS FINE!” Stated Bethany showing she was agitated.
“Okay,” replied Belle stepping back with her hands up. “I’m only trying to help.”
Bethany put her head down for a second and sighed, lifted it and apologized. “I’m sorry, it’s just been a long day.”
“Okay, but remember I’m always here when you’re ready to talk.” Said Belle. 
“Thank you, but I just need some sleep right now.” Bethany responded. 
Belle nodded, “Okay I’ll see you tomorrow.” She then walked out.

Benny, Shafer, and Traiven were walking down the streets of the big city next to the base. The sky was dark and lit by the lights of the buildings; but the bubbling crowd on it brought life and excitement to the environment. 
“This place is fly,” said Traiven.
“How do you guys have fun on Earth?” Asked Benny.
“Well, I never went out much.” Traiven answered. 
“Then, we’ve got just the place,” said Shafer.
Shafer and Benny led Traiven into one of the buildings. Once they were inside, people were standing around, dancing, talking’ and projecting very well that they were in-fact having a great time. The room was huge and had colorful lights flashing from several points of its ceiling.  The music though was loud, but it wasn’t enough to be disturbing or noisy. 
“This is where we used to take Raven and Vincent,” said Benny.
“Do you want anything to drink, or maybe a snack?” Asked Shafer.
“Maybe later,” replied Traiven. “But I really like this music.”
“Oh, it was created by a popular musician named Lightning,” said Benny.
“Lightning?” Asked Traiven.
“Yeah, he’s the best musician in the galaxy,” answered Shafer. “I once had to work as his bodyguard.”
Benny grabbed a small cup from a lady walking around with a tray and handed it to Traiven. “Here, try this.”
Traiven took a sip, “This is good,” he said. Then he took another sip and he felt all warm and excited. 
“It’s a type of health drink that helps you relax,” said Benny. “Kinda like a tea but with a fruity taste to it.”
“Don’t you have anything like this on Earth?” Asked Shafer.
“Kind of, but the stuff we have does a bit more than just help you relax.” Said Traiven. 
The three started walking through the crowd. At that point, Traiven noticed a young girl smiling at him. She was tall and slender with brown hair and gray eyes. She looked in her early twenties.
But he immediately took his eyes off her, while the three kept on walking, until they came to a small round section that was separate from the room with four chains. In its middle was a round table, which was surrounded with a sectional. As they approach it, the guard lifted one of the chains up and let them in to take a sit. 
“The same table we always get,” said Shafer. “It’s just sad that Raven and Vincent is longer with us to enjoy this place again.”
“I’ve heard so much about Raven,” said Traiven, “But how was Vincent?”
“Vincent was great,” answered Benny. “He had a good sense of humor. He would always find ways to brighten things up. He was the other Arc on our team, and General Shinnle’s son.”
As the three where talking, Traiven took notice of the same girl smiling at him. After a few moments passed, he decided to go talk to her.
Suddenly he stood up saying, “Hey guys, I’ll be back in a few.” Then he walked straight to the girl.
“Hey stranger,” he said as he approached her.
“Hey,” she replied. 
“So I couldn’t help but notice how you kept smiling at me.” Said Traiven. 
“Well, that’s ’cause I think you’re cute.” She responded. 
“Really? Well, you’re pretty cute yourself. What’s your name?”
“Anya, and I already know your name.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, who doesn’t nowadays? You’re a legend, plus there is only one of your kind left alive.”
“Well, I wouldn’t call myself a legend, but from what I hear, I am the last one left.”
She leaned a bit closer. “You know, this place is kind of loud. Do you want to go someplace more quiet and talk?”
Traiven’s eyes widened with excitement. “Of course, I do.”
“I’ve got just the place,” She suggested, “A nice little lounge not too far from here.”
Just as Traiven and Anya walked out, Benny and Shafer looked around.
“Okay, but let me go tell my friends I’m leaving.”
“Don’t worry, they’ll figure it out on their on. Besides we won’t be gone long.”
“Okay let’s go.”

Back at their table Benny and Shafer were looking around for Traiven, “Hey, where did Traiven go?” Asked Benny.
“I don’t know. Maybe he got lost.” Answered Shafer. 

Anya led Traiven through the city, away from the lit streets. 
“Where are we going?” He asked.
“You’ll see,” she answered.
As they kept moving, the scenery grew darker and darker.
“So you Arcs don’t usually carry your weapons outside of the field, right?” She asked.
“There’s no reason to.” Traiven answered. 
They came to a long alley that was held by two tall buildings. Traiven walked ahead as Anya slowed her pace. A few steps more Traiven came to a dead end. 
“Where are we?” He asked but got no answer. He quickly turned and saw that Anya wasn’t behind him anymore.
What’s going’ on? He thought.
As he stared at the dark entrance of the alley, he noticed dim red lights that were glowing brighter with every inch they got closer. There was a sudden thumping sound, that was growing in volume, accompanying the lights. 
As everything that came with the lights came into focus, he realized that it was a huge beast three times his size. Shaped like a human, with brown skin and long muscular arms that reached down to its feet. It almost had the look of a large ape. Its sharp teeth were very revealing, and its horns also protruded out of its forehead. At the same time he noticed that Anya was sitting on the shoulder of the beast.
“I bet you wish you had your weapon now, Arc. Without it, you’ll be no match for me,” came Anya.
Now why didn’t I see this coming? Thought Traiven. 
Anya jumped off and landed behind the demon.
“Kill him,” she said, and the demon rushed for Traiven.
When the demon got close, it swung its arms down toward him, but Traiven quickly flipped back and evaded the attack. As he landed in a handstand, he looked up noticing the demon pacing faster towards him again. 
Traiven immediately glanced back and noticed that the wall of the building was right behind him. The demon got closer, and it swung its arm again trying to reach Traiven, but he sprang himself up with his hands, jumping on the top of the building behind him. 
What did I do now? He thought, trying to make sense of the sudden attack.
He then noticed that Anya had jumped on the building next to him with unbelievable ability. Then he heard her yell, “you’ll pay for killing my brother!”
Just then, the demon also jumped up on the same roof and launched towards him. Just as the beast was about to deliver a swing, Rukaryo suddenly appeared from nowhere. Rukaryo jumped in the way of the beast and thrust a spear through the demon’s chest, causing it to fall back into the alley. 

At the same time, Anya also held her chest in pain, due to being connected with her demon, and fell to the floor next to the beast.  As she was grunting in pain, a blurry vision of a spear came to focus in front of her face.
 “You’ve got some nerve summoning on a Federation-owned planet,” Rukaryo said. “Call your demon off or I’ll end this by killing you.”
“Fine,” said Anya as she gradually stood up. “But I warned you Raven that I would have my revenge.” She said to Traiven.
“What are you talking about?” Traiven Asked, “I’m not Raven.”
“Do you think I’m stupid?” Questioned Anya. 
“Anya, he’s telling the truth.” Said Rukaryo. “Raven went missing months ago. This is his brother, if he were Raven, you’d be dead by now.”
“Hmm, well you have a point there.” She said. 
“So that’s what this was about?” Asked Traiven. “You wanted to kill me ’cause you thought I was my brother?”
“Well, how was I supposed to know Raven has a twin?” She lifted up her arms, and the demon turned into steam and was sucked back into her body.
“You could have asked,” replied Traiven.
“And you know the rules about summoning while under the Federation,” added Rukaryo. “Luckily, I was patrolling nearby. If anyone else saw that a Summoner was on this planet, they wouldn’t have hesitated to kill you. I’m only sparing you ’cause I know you’re not with Sabola anymore.”
“You must really hate Raven,” said Traiven.
“He killed my brother Cy,” answered Anya.
“Your brother was an enemy,” said Rukaryo. “Raven was only doing what he had to.”
Anya turned in anger and walked away.
“Thanks Rukaryo,” said Traiven while rubbing his forehead with both hands. 
“You really need to be more careful. Raven has a lot of enemies that are now going to be your problem.” Said Rukaryo. 
“So what’s her story?” Asked Traiven. 
“She is a Summoner that left her clan ’cause she didn’t agree with their ideas and beliefs.”
“And my brother killed her brother?”
“Yeah, Raven killed Cy while protecting a Federation base on one of Juno’s moons. Apparently she hasn’t gotten over it. She’s actually a prisoner here, but she was never really a threat to begin with. That is why we gave her freedom around our planet. She left Sabola on her own free will. Now she serves in the Arc armory and she isn’t allowed to leave Vana.”
“And you guys trust her with Arc weapons?” Asked Traiven in disbelief. 
“Well, only an Arc can truly use our weapons, so it’s fine.”
“Well, I really should get back. Benny and Shafer must be wondering what happened to me. Thanks again, Rukaryo.” Traiven then turned and ran off.

Traiven awoke the next morning tired from his previous night. He got dressed and walked out the door. As he was walking down the staircase of the barracks, he took note of busy people rushing to and from the entire area. He slowed his paced and walked down toward the exit, while making sure to take note of everyone’s face. It must be that a big event is about to happen. He thought. 
He didn’t fail to notice that random people were giving him warm and friendly stares. Some greeted him, while others just put out a large smile. As he stepped outside, he was hit with amazement to see that the entire base was just as busy. He took a stop to his walk and just stood there, looking around, overwhelmed by the sight. 
There were large ships hovering above him which seemed amazingly large and as far as he could see. Soldiers were loading onto platforms and floating up to the ships. There were also large vehicles moving onto the platforms and entering the ships as well. He then continued his walk, until he heard a strange voice calling his name.
Traiven looked ahead, and saw an older man with red curly hair, wearing a three star logo, looking at him.
“Hey.” Replied Traiven with a confused look, as he noticed the man waving him down. He slowly moved toward the stranger.
“My name is Cid.” Said the stranger. “It’s an honor, I’ve served with your brother on a number of missions, and he was a great Arc.”
 “That’s what I hear.” Replied Traiven, still curious about this Arc.
Traiven thought for a second; then recognized him from the statues he had seen of the four Arcs labeled as the four horsemen.  “You’re Cid Hughes right?” Traiven inquired. 
“Oh! So you’ve heard of me?” Cid responded with a question of his own. 
“You’re one of the remaining four horsemen!” Mentioned Traiven in admiration. 
“Yep,” said Cid. “First it was Vincent to die, now Raven.” Cid then folded his arms and shook his head. “We are cursed.” 
“Anyway what’s going on; why does it seem so busy this morning?” Asked Traiven. 
“We’re going to war. There’s a Masters’ call for the Phantoms.” Cid responded. 
“Yeah, I think Joker did tell me something about it.” Traiven recalled. 
“A Masters’ call is where all the Phantom teams meet with the Master Arcs for a briefing. Master Rukaryo, told me to make sure you don’t get lost finding it.” 
“Lead the way.” Said Traiven.

Across the base in a large circular hall with a dome glass roof, the seven Master Arcs sat behind a long rectangular podium, in their usual order. 

In front of them, were rows after rows of people all dressed in the federation uniforms, their rows were inclining from the first row to the last. This is definitely a Masters’ call. Traiven thought in amusement. 
General Shinnle sat in the center of the Master’s podium, slightly higher than the others.
General Shinnle slowly rose and took a stand, in front of the crowd, ready for his briefing. He took a deep breath, and then let out a relaxing sigh. “Arc Teams!” He called. “As you all know, we were waiting to find a way to cross Sabola’s floating turrets. We need to launch our attack and that time is now.”
The crowd listened with great interest; they knew that they were going to battle immediately. 
General Shinnle continued to speak. “Recent developments have proven that the Summoners are finally able to repair to their Gateway.”
The crowd was in awe as some of them stood in fear to the thought of Cassius, the Demon King, entering Eden.
“We don’t know how much longer they have until its completion.” Continued General Shinnle. “This is why we can’t wait any longer.” General Shinnle then brought his head down and sighed before revealing their final and fatal solution. He lifted his head and continued. “Raven was able to make it past the turrets to the surface, leading us to believe that it is possible for an Arc. Unlike Raven, none of you have wings, so you’ll have to use your energy to maneuver around the turrets. Your mission is to make it to the surface and disable their defenses so we can send in our army. I wish I could say it’ll be easy, and that you’ll all make out of this alive. But there are possibilities of you going up against the entire army of Sabola on your own. And we are still unaware exactly how many Summoners there are. Nonetheless, given your skills, we do predict you’ll have a chance for success, and we have planned a strategy that will work; Master Rukaryo will explain.”
General Shinnle sat down and Rukaryo stood as a holographic layout of Sabola’s dark castle, and surrounding structures appeared between the masters and the crowd. The castle that appeared was a large pentagon shape structure, which stood to the left of the layout. To the right of it and behind a large armed gate, there were five smaller domed shaped structures. They were highlighted in red.
Rukaryo pointed to the highlighted structures and said, “Ever since the Summoners have gained control, they’ve been making additions to the planets military and defense.” He added. “We do know that all of their additions are controlled within this section. Each of these domes is a control system to their new addition. Destroy the controls and the turrets will be offline. We’re not sure which one of them controls the turrets; that is why we have to destroy them all.” 
The holographic image shifted to three separated areas. “It’s to dangerous for us to try and jump directly on the castle; so we’ll divide into four large Arc teams, led by Master Caliber, Master Lexi, Master Justin and myself. There’s no way we’ll be able to take on the entire army, but with our speed and abilities we should be able get past them. We’ll have to use teamwork. Some of us, in each team, will have to hold their soldiers off, while the others go for the control system. Once we do destroy the system and our army comes in, we’ll head into the castle then find and destroy the Gateway. This isn’t going to be easy and we will face casualties, maybe even more than we speculate. But it is our duty as Arcs to defend Eden from the forces of Hell at any cost, and that’s what we’ll do.”
“Yes we will!” The crowd cheered in unison.

Across the galaxy on planet Sabola, Lance had just entered the large courtyard that housed the Gateway. The courtyard was located in the center of the castle, with the command center held up above it by large metallic pillars. The walls wrapped around the courtyard in a circle, and the large Gateway sat in the center, with a control panel attached to its left side. In the courtyard were two scientists roaming about with their brown coverall. These were the Sabola scientists overseeing the work of the scientists that were captured from Robant. The Robant scientists stood apart since they were the only people with white coveralls, with black electronic collars on their necks. 
Lance walked out and up to Dr. Bryan who was standing by the control panel.
“I trust everything is moving along in good time, Dr. Bryan?” Asked Lance.
“As I told you before Lance, you can’t rush this if you want it done right.” Replied Bryan.
“I hope you realize that no one is coming for you. No one can get pass our defenses, so if you are trying to stall, you’ll only be putting the lives of your fellow scientists on the line.”
“We’re trying Lance, but this is a difficult task. We have to convert the Eye of Eden to no longer link with heaven but rather to Hell.”
Max, summoner of the demon Ifrit, suddenly walked out onto the courtyard and up to Lance. “Lance we have a problem.” He said without hesitation.
Lance turned to Max for a second then turned back to Bryan. “Get back to work.” Lance said. Then he and Max turned away from Bryan. “What is it?” Asked Lance.
“Robant and the Federation have been planning to launch and attack. Now it seems like Sarazetty may be joining them.” Said Max.
“No worries,” replied Lance. “Our defense is impenetrable.”
“Word is they’ve found a way to pass it.” Said Max. 
“That’s impossible.” Lance responded. 
“Raven’s passed it before remember.” Added Max. “It can be done.”
Lance rubbed his chin in thought for a second, and then replied. “If they do pass it, we won’t stand a chance. Ready the fleet and start mobilizing the army just in case.”
“Yes sir.” Max responded. 
“And get me Moth, I haven’t heard from him in a while.”
Max gave a slight bow of his head then turned and walked away.

Back on planet Vana; Joker, Shawn, and Traiven stood in front of a door, which hung to a huge building. As they were getting ready to enter the building, Traiven looked up at the beautiful sight of the building before them. It looked like an ancient castle from Earth only that this one was massive. It was made of brown bricks, with large towers placed on the roof. There were statues of Angels posted all around the roof, as though they were guarding the building. The very top of the largest tower in the center of the roof was a statue of a different figure. 
The statue was shaped like a large human, but it had no facial detail beyond eyes, nose, a mouth, or ears. Its wings were large and shaped like the wings of a monarch butterfly. 
“Wow, this place is massive.” Said Traiven.
“Have you ever been to a temple before?” Asked Joker.
“Of course, back on Earth I used to go to church every Sunday with my mom.” Traiven responded. 
“I mean a real temple.”  Said Joker. Joker then opened the temple’s doors. Stepping in, Traiven was amazed by the sight. It was the size of big stadium with an altar in the very center. There were statues of Archangels that stood around the altar, and statues of other Angels scattered around the entire area. There were lots of people scattered around, some were praying and some were talking.  The Angels were moving around, while stopping to talk to a few of them. Traiven looked up and saw the sight of the sky with thick white clouds, and golden platforms sitting in its mist.
“Wow…Where’s the ceiling?” Traiven asked.
“It’s heaven,” replied Joker. “Unlike the ones on Earth, a Temple is a place where heaven meets our plane.”
“Like a gateway?” Traiven inquired. 
“More like a window, we can see each other and communicate, but that’s all.” Joker responded. 
Traiven looked ahead to the wall on the other side, and noticed a large balcony built up onto the wall.
On the balcony was a red throne where an old man was seated. He had long grey hair and quite some noticeable wrinkles all over his face. There were two, three star Arcs standing behind the old man.
“Who’s that?” Asked Traiven as he pointed to the old man.
“That’s the prophet.” Replied Joker. “He’s a human who possess a special connection with heaven. He’s the only one who can communicate with the Angels outside of this temple. In fact, it’s his power that keeps this temple and heaven linked.”
Traiven then noticed that a young woman walked out onto the balcony. She looked the same age as Traiven, and had a slim body with light skin, that carried a soft clear face. Her eyes were bright and blue, which stood out from her blondish hair. She had on a white dress, which had a golden liner on its tail and neck area.
“Let’s go.” Said Joker taking Traiven’s attention from the woman.
They walked to the altar where Shinnle was awaiting for them. “Ah, Joker, welcome,” greeted Shinnle. He then turned toward Traiven and Shawn. “Thank you for meeting me.” He repeated.
“With all due respect sir,” replied Shawn. “Shouldn’t we be preparing for the attack?”
“This is important.” Answered Shinnle. “I have asked for a meeting and they wanted you here for it.” He said as he pointed up.
They all looked up and watched as two Archangels descended from heaven and landed right next to them. They had on robes, armors and shields that they carried on their backs. They were also adorned with swords on their sides. It was the Archangel Michael and Archangel Raphael. Their feathered wings protruding from their back were whiter than any white Traiven has ever seen. They also had transparent golden halos hovering about two inches from their heads. 
As Michael and Raphael touched the floor, Shinnle, Joker and Shawn kneeled before the Archangels. Traiven stood, looking at the Archangels in confusion, until Joker grabbed his arm and pulled him down.
“Rise,” said Michael, and they uniformly did.
“Thank you for allowing this meeting,” said Shinnle.
“So why have you called us today?” Asked Raphael.
“The matter of Raven Lord Raphael,” answered Shinnle.
“Yes, you wish to know if he is dead?” Said Michael. “Well, his soul has not ascended to heaven.” He added immediately.
“So is he alive?” Asked Shinnle.
“That would be logical,” said Raphael. “But we have not sensed his soul in Eden.”
“How could that be?” Asked Shinnle again. 
“Raven did encounter the prototype gateway,” intervened Joker. “According to our knowledge, it was un-operational but it could be possible that when Raven knocked it, he caused an effect on the Eye of Eden, somehow activating the machine.”
“Meaning he could be trapped in Hell.” Added General Shinnle.
“If this is true, then there is nothing we can do,” said Michael.
“There is an agreement between heaven and hell.” Said Raphael. “We don’t cross into their plane, and they don’t cross into ours.”
“We can wait for Sabola to finish the Gateway,” said Joker. “But if we do that, then we’ll have Cassius to deal with.”
“Cassius is ruthless and he has a massive demon army at his disposal. Even with Raven, there will be no chance of victory.” Said Raphael.
“Wait!” Said Traiven, interrupting the conversation. “Are you guys saying you’re just going to leave Raven trapped in hell?”
“We want to rescue him,” answered Michael. “But the truth is that by doing so, the sacrifice would be too great.”
“Besides, Raven alone cannot take on Cassius and his army.” Added Raphael.
“But I’m here and I can help,” said Traiven. He then turned to Shinnle. “You said so yourself, I have the potential to be just as powerful as Raven.” He then turned back to the Angels with a confused look on his face. “Alone, Raven may not be able to stand a chance; but together, we can take Cassius down.” Inquired Traiven.
“Traiven, you do have the potential,” said General Shinnle. “But you are not ready to take on a demon. Raven was trained by his father to use his Angelic state, you didn’t have that chance.”
“You still haven’t learned to focus your power.” Added Shawn.
“And we now, we’re started to rethink our previous decision to bring you here in the first place. We originally believed you were the last Nephilim, but we’ve been hearing talk from the Seraphim Angels that prove otherwise.” Said Michael.
“Wait!” Said General Shinnle, as he turned back toward the Angels in surprise. “So there’s another Nephilim?”
“They are still looking into the reason Sanit had betrayed us. The evidence shows that he may have had an intimate relation with a human on Eden. If this is true then there is no doubt that he has an offspring on your plane as well.”
“What about the swords of ingress?” Asked Traiven. 
“What do you know of the swords?” Asked Michael in confusion.
“Is it true?” Asked again Traiven impatiently.
“The swords of ingress are weapons that hold their own power.” Raphael stated. “But you are not ready for the trial of perdition. There are two swords, Nirvana the Divine sword, which was wielded by Raven, and The Dark sword Perdition that is guarded by a powerful celestial creature. The two swords were created when the three planes were separated; only an angel can release it and only a human can wield it…Truly a sword for a Nephilim.”
“Give me a chance.” Said Traiven. “I can’t let my brother stay trapped in hell. Tell me where this sword is?”
“You are far from ready to take on the Trial of Perdition Traiven.” Said Raphael. “In hindsight, it was a mistake to bring you here.” He added. 
Traiven squeezed his fist in anger. “What are you saying?”
“I’m sorry Traiven,” intervened General Shinnle. “From the report of your mission on Sarazetty, you are nowhere near ready to be an Arc.”
“But I know the basics.” Replied Traiven.
“Yes, but you lack experience. And without Lord Krisstan here; you won’t be able to learn to use your angelic state.”
“Then what will I do now?” Asked Traiven.
“Now the choice is yours, you can stay and begin training to be an Arc when we start the next cycle, or you can return home and we’ll never bother you again.” Said General Shinnle.
Traiven gave a look of shock; going home has been what he has wanted from the start. But after learning what was going on with the Summoners and Sabola, he was now starting to have conflicting thoughts. One thing Traiven knew for certain, he was not the type to just turn and walk away.
Joker walked over and put his hand on Traiven’s shoulder and then said. “Traiven, we won’t think any less of you if you do decide to leave. Unlike the rest of us, you didn’t have a choice, but now you do.”
Traiven opened his mouth to speak, but was still unsure as to what he wanted, so he bowed his head and said softly. “Can I please have some time to think?”
“Sure,” replied General Shinnle, take all the time you need.
“Wait, what about me?” Asked Shawn. “I’ve been training for years to fight in this war. I’ve been at the top of all my classes at the academy, I can’t let that go to waste.”
“And you won’t,” answered General Shinnle. “You will still fight in this war, we need all the Arcs we can get. Rukaryo will fill Traiven’s spot on your team for now Shawn.”
The Angels now turned their attention to General Shinnle, and Raphael spoke, “Now, what are the other matters you wish to discuss?”
“We need to know how far the Summoners are in their plan.” Said General Shinnle. 
“Somehow the Summoners are able to hide their actions from us.” Stated Michael.
“We are about to set a plan in motion to bring down their defenses.” Added General Shinnle. 
Traiven stepped forward and spoke interrupting their conversation. “I have one more question.” 
“Yes?” Asked Raphael.
“Who was my father?”
“His name was Krisstan.” Answered Michael. “He was an Archangel and a good friend.”
“How did he really die?” Traiven asked. 
“He was killed by a Seraphim who betrayed us several years ago. The seraphim killed him to get the Eye of Eden your father was protecting.”
“What is a Seraphim?” Traiven asked.
“The Seraphim are the oldest and most powerful angels of our hierarchy.”
“Oh,” said Traiven, as he gradually put his head down. “I see…”
“We must now take our leave.” Said Michael. “Good luck.”
Raphael and Michael slowly flapped their wings and ascended back into heaven.
General Shinnle turned to Joker, Shawn, and Traiven; and said, “Joker, Shawn, we are still studying the layout of Sabola’s castle and trying to select the perfect landing spot. As soon as we’re sure, we’ll launch the attack. It could be anytime now…so be prepared.”
“Yes sir.” Answered Joker and Shawn.
“Robant and Sarazetty will be providing us assistance with the attack.” Added General Shinnle. He then turned toward Traiven. “Traiven, once this mission is complete, we’ll be able to return you home if that is what you choose.”
Traiven sighed. “Okay.”
Joker, Shawn, and Traiven bowed before General Shinnle, then walked away.

CHAPTER XIII
Traiven was slowly walking through the base with his head down. Soldiers were scrambling around him preparing for the attack, but the exciting sites of this new world didn’t amuse him as it did on his first landing. In fact, things were getting very serious and real fast. When he first landed on Vana, all he wanted was to go home to his mother and friends. Now, after knowing everything that’s been going on, he didn’t feel right about turning his back on the Federation. He kept having a fight within himself to try and find the courage to stay.
“Hello,” came the soft voice of a young woman pulling him from his thoughts.
Traiven lifted his head up to see a young woman standing before him. She looked the same age as him; and he thought she was exceptionally beautiful. Her complexion was fair and her eyes were haven sky blue. The wind made her blond hair sway, following the direction of the wind. He took notice of her long white dress, which had a gold trimming on the bottom and the neck area of her dress. He recognized that she was from the girl from the temple.
Holding the side of her dress she gave him a bow.“My name is Kallista, it’s an honor to meet you Traiven.” She then rose back up looking into Traiven’s eyes.
Traiven stood staring at her for a second in great confusion. She spoke as if she was familiar with him. Traiven finally worked up the nerve and replied. “Hi.”
“I hope I’m not being too forward,” She said. “But I’ve wanted to meet you since I heard about you.”
“You have?” Asked Traiven with a tremble on his voice.
“Yes, Raven and I grew up together. He was like an older brother to me; he was a great man.”
“Yeah, that’s what everyone tells me. You are the girl from the temple right, the one who was next to the old prophet?”
“Yes.”
“What are you? His squeeze or something?”
“Squeeze?” she asked not understanding what he meant. She shook it off as if it was not important and stated “No, I’m a priestess, also next in line to be prophet, and that is why I am always at his side.”
“Wow, seems like a big responsibility.”
“Yes, and it is one I am prepared to take on. I’ve trained my whole life for this.”
Traiven sighed, “Well at least you saw it coming, I didn’t get that luxury.”
“Destiny can be daunting.”
“Huh!  Tell me about it. Imagine one day suddenly people showed up at your house, taking you from all you love and telling you that you’re supposed to be a savior. Now they tell me they don’t even need me. After all that I’ve learned, how can I just turn my back now?”
Kallista gave him a warm smile and replied, “But don’t you see Traiven? You’ve been given a gift. You are now free to choose your own path. You don’t have to turn your back on the Federation if you don’t want to. If you do stay and fight, I know you will be a great warrior and a big asset.”
“How do you know?” Traiven asked, not knowing what to believe.
“Because if you didn’t truly have the passion for helping the Federation; why would you have conflicting emotions about this decision?”
“Wow… Guess you’re right, it never occurred to me that way. ”
One of the Arcs from the temple, who was guarding the prophet, suddenly came up interrupting their conversation. He bowed before Kallista.
“Lady Kallista,” the Arc said. “It is time for you to return to Croft.”
Kallista turned to the Arc, “Yes, I understand.”
She then turned back to Traiven. “It was a pleasure meeting you Traiven.”
“You too.” Replied Traiven, “And thanks.” He added.
“It is my duty to serve to Federation in any way I can. As I mentioned, Raven was like a brother to me, so I consider you family as well.”
Kallista gave him one final bow and Traiven bowed back in gratitude; then watch as she and the Arc loaded into a nearby vehicle and flew off.

Meanwhile on Sabola, Lance was standing in the command center above the courtyard. He was putting together a defense strategy; when suddenly Moth burst through the doors. “What was so important that you had to disturb my vacation?” Demanded Moth.
Lance turned to Moth. “From what I understand, you’ve completed the job, right?”
“Something like that,” Moth snapped back.
“And you didn’t bother to report back?”
“I’ve been busy.” Calmly said Moth.
“On vacation… Is Raven dead?” Asked Lance running out of patience.
“Raven is dead; but that Nephilim you sent me to kill wasn’t him.”
“Really?” Asked Lance with a surprised tone on his voice.
“Yes.”
“How could that be possible?”
“Apparently, Raven has a twin brother the Federation kept from everyone.”
“Well, is he dead?”
“No.”
“And why not?”
“My job was to kill Raven, not his moronic brother. A different target means a different contract.” Moth responded with confidence.
“Didn’t you think I’d want you to kill him as well, since he is a Nephilim?” Said Lance raising his voice at Moth.
“I’m an assassin Lance, not a murderer. If I’m not hired, then I don’t do the job.” Said Moth, keeping a tranquil tone of voice.
Lance sighed, “Fine, I’m hiring you to kill this Nephilim.”
“Okay, but my price just went up.” Moth then turned and walked out without looking back

The sun shone down on the large training canyon of Vana, brightening up the sight of Shawn and Traiven standing on tall rocks, yards apart from each other. Shawn stood with his arms out, holding his scythe in his right hand, putting the blade held downward. He suddenly lifted his weapon above his head, spun around, and ended it in an attack stance, holding his scythe with both hands.
Traiven drew his sword, bent down and kicked off, launching toward Shawn. Traiven swung his sword violently as Shawn quickly jumped backward, evading being torn apart by the blade.
Shawn’s weapon hit Traiven’s chest, forcing him to land back on the rock he had jumped from. Shawn launched at Traiven and swung his scythe to the left. Traiven quickly lifted his sword blocking the attack, pushing Shawn’s scythe way. While Shawn’s weapon was just completing its rotation, Traiven swung his sword again, furiously almost slicing Shawn in half. Shawn quickly rolled to the right, the blade barely miss him. Recovering, Shawn snapped his scythe around in a very much an unexplained manner, hitting Traiven on the back, pushing him off the cliff.
Traiven crashed to the bottom of the canyon. Just as the pain began to set in, he took notice of Shawn quickly coming down, swinging his scythe toward him. Traiven ignored the pain and quickly sprang up from his back, missing the attack by inches. Shawn didn’t stop, he launched at him repeatedly and furiously with all his might, causing the collision of the two blades to create sparks. Finally, Traiven’s sword gave in, cracking under the pressure of Shawn’s scythe.
“you’re not focusing!” shouted Shawn as he swung again, cracking Traiven’s sword a bit more. Shawn swung again, and this time Traiven lifted his sword high, blocking the attack and locking their blades together.
“That’s it,” said Shawn. “Now focus, don’t let your sword break.”
Shawn pushed more pressure onto Traiven’s sword with his scythe. Traiven tightened his grip and put all his energy into one final push that caused his weapon to finally shatter into pieces.
Shawn stretched out his hand and helped Traiven up. “You are getting better at focusing your power, but I don’t think that’s your problem,” said Shawn. “You’re still afraid.”
“I really am trying Shawn.” Traiven said, while trying to excuse himself for having been defeated on this simple training exercise.
“Well no worries, you still have time before the new cycle starts. So we can train some more when I return.”
“Well good luck, and don’t get yourself killed.” Said Traiven
“I’m not planning to.” Shawn said as he turned and walked away, leaving Traiven behind.
Just as things began to calm down, Traiven heard a familiar voice coming from above. “I thought you wanted to leave, Traiven.” He looked up and saw Rukaryo sitting on a rock above him.
“How long have you been there?”
“I saw the training, and I must say you have gotten better.” Said Rukaryo
Traiven sighed, “Well, still not good enough.”
“From the looks of you; you have too much fear in you.”
Rukaryo then jumped down, landed on the ground and picked up the handle of Traiven’s shattered sword. “I understand that you grew up in a completely different world from us. As far as I can remember, our entire galaxy has been a constant war between good and evil. So for the rest of us it was easy to overcome our fears of battle.” He handed Traiven the broken handle piece of the broken sword. “From what I understand about Earth, good and evil are more on a mental war than a physical one.”
Traiven brought his head down and replied, “We do have our wars, but they’re nothing like this. Plus, on Earth, I would have never even had to worry about seeing battle.” He then lifted his head and stared into Rukaryo’s eyes with confidence. “But I now understand that I have to make my own destiny. After everything I’ve learn about myself and what is going on, I can’t just turn my back on it. It’s my universe, and it is my calling.”
Rukaryo smiled, “Well you are starting to sound like an Arc.” He said. “Head to the castle armory and grab yourself another sword.” said Rukaryo. “I’ll help you train the rest of the day.”
Traiven smiled back and quickly ran off heading to the castle.

Traiven was now walking through the castle of Vana, on his way to the armory. He walked into a large circular room with weapon racks on its walls. Then he noticed an open door, leading to separate rooms. He walked up to it, and slowly walked in. Looking around, he took note of a collection of swords hanging on a wall and glorified as if they were divine. He walked up to it and he reached out for one of them, but he was stopped by a familiar female voice. “Traiven?”
Traiven turned and saw Anya standing at the entrance.
“Anya,” He said, stammered in fear and surprise.
“Hey,” she said as she walked up to him.
“Are you here to try to kill me again?” Asked Traiven with tremble in his voice.
Anya sighed, “I’m sorry about that, I’ve just been going through a lot of stress lately and I wanted someone to blame.”
“So you blamed me?” Inquired Traiven, gaining his composure.
“Well, I thought you were Raven. I mean he’s the reason I’m a prisoner here.”
“Well, you don’t seem like a prisoner to me.”
“Yeah, it’s complicated. They do trust me here, ’cause they know I left Sabola of my own free will. But I am a Summoner, so they like to keep an eye on me at all times... Anyway, can I help you?  I work here in the armory.”
“Yeah, I forgot about that; they must really be trusting of you.”
“Well, these are all Arc weapons, so it isn’t like I could use any of them.”
“You and me both, this whole Arc thing is a really tough gig.”
“Let me guess. Your sword keeps breaking right?”
“You got anything that won’t?” Inquired Traiven.
“No, the blades are all pretty much made of the same metal. The power is in the Arc, not in the weapon.”
“Now you sound just like Master Rukaryo.”
“Sorry, I can’t be more helpful.” Anya commented.
Traiven sighed and scratched his head in thought. After a moment, he spoke again “I did hear of one sword that might be useful.”
“What?”
“Have you heard of the Swords of Ingress?” Questioned Traiven, while losing himself to the light gray colored eyes of the beautiful girl.
“Yeah, Raven had the holy sword named, Nirvana. They say the two swords were created by the four horsemen themselves; they created them when they closed the doorways between the planes. He created a light and a dark sword to help maintain the balance in Eden. It was the Archangel Kisstan who hid them, and placed a celestial creature to guard each one, a powerful dragon named Kron, guards Perdition the Dark sword.”
“Wait! Krisstan?” Traiven asked in surprise.
“Yeah, why?”
Traiven placed his right hand on his chin, looked up, and thought, “So that explains the dream. He wants me to go get the sword.” He thought out loud.
“What are you talking about, who?” Asked Anya, all confused by Traiven’s words.
“My father,” He then turned back to Anya. “Where can I find this sword?”
“You’re not planning on going after it, are you?”
“Look, this sword seems like my only hope to start pulling my own weight around here. Besides, I think my father wants me to get it.”
“Are you a fool Traiven? You’re no match for the guardian of the sword, Kron. You couldn’t even handle me in the alley.”
“That’s ’cause you caught me by surprise, plus I didn’t have my weapon.” Said Traiven excusing himself.
“You probably would have just broken it anyway.”
He grabbed her shoulders. “Look Anya, this may be my only chance to make things right. Only a Nephilim can stop Cassius and I’m the only one around. So please tell me where I can find it?”
“Well I don’t know where it is, but I know someone who might.”
“Great, where can I find him?”
“I’ll help, but under one condition.”
“Anything.”
“Take me with you.”
“But I thought you couldn’t leave Vana.” Responded Traiven.
“I can with an Arc escort.”
Traiven turned away and thought for a second, then turned back. “No, look I’m already taking a big risk by going myself. I can’t risk your life as well.”
“Traiven I can handle myself. Besides I know you’ll need the help. It’s not like you know your way around our galaxy anyway.”
Traiven sighed, and stood for a second in thought, then said,  “Fine, do you have a ship?”
“No, but we can use a transport shuttle.” Anya responded.
Anya then walked into the back of the armory, grabbed a sword, handed it to Traiven and then said, “Meet me at the transport station in an hour.”
“Okay, I’ll see you then.” Traiven then walked off.

Later that day, Traiven and Anya had just stepped off a transport ship on Sypher, one of Vana’s moons. They stepped off into a large transport station. It was a large glass dome, with glass tunnels, connected to large transport shuttles taking off and landing.
“There,” Anya said as she pointed to a landing shuttle, “That’s the shuttle to Robant.”
“What’s on Robant?” Asked Traiven.
“The Kaiju command ship is currently in its atmosphere, meaning their leader Ganga must be on the planet. If anyone knows where the dark sword is, it’s him.”
They both walked over to the tunnel as the shuttle landed. Once it was secured, the doors of the tunnel slid open and let the arriving passengers off and the departing passengers got on. Traiven and Anya walked into the shuttle, unaware of the hooded figure that was following behind them.
Once they were on the shuttle, they walked through until they had reached a large area that was secured with a tables and chairs.
“This is interesting,” Said Traiven. “The transportation back on Earth is a lot more boring than this.”
As they walked farther in, the hooded figure rushed up and roughly grabbed Traiven, throwing him against the wall. He then removed his hood, revealing that he was Shawn. “What the hell do you think you’re doing, Traiven?!” Shawn asked angrily. “You know you weren’t supposed to leave Vana. Are you really that eager to die?”
“Wait!” Said Anya. “What is he talking about?” she asked.
Traiven pushed Shawn off, and then turned to Anya. “There’s kind of an assassin after me.” He responded.
“The assassin Moth?” Questioned Anya.
“You know him?” Inquired Traiven.
“Well, who else would take on a job to kill an Arc!” Anya replied feeling betrayed. “I can’t believe you never brought this up before; and to think I trusted you.”
“What? You were trying to kill me no more than twenty-four hours ago,” replied Traiven. “You’re lucky I’m trusting you right now.”
Shawn interrupted, “Well, it doesn’t matter now because we’re going back to Vana.”
“I can’t do that Shawn.” Said Traiven.
“And why not?”
“Because I’m on a mission.” Added Traiven.
“What do you mean? There’s no way you’d get a mission now, especially on your own.” Said Shawn, with a very serious look on his face.
They suddenly heard an announcement in the shuttle. “The shuttle will be departing in ten minutes bound for Robant.” Said a female electronic over a speaker.
“Wait! Robant?” Asked Shawn. He then turned to Traiven. “Why are you going to Robant?”
Traiven sighed, then replied “Look, I don’t think I’ll ever learn to focus my power, so I’m going to find a weapon that I won’t have to focus on.”
“You mean the Sword of Ingress?” asked Shawn. “What part of too dangerous didn’t you understand?” he added.
“I have to do this Shawn. Trust me, I’ll be fine. I don’t know how I know; but I was meant to get this sword.”
“And what about Kron, how do you plan on beating him?” Asked Shawn.
“Haven’t thought that far ahead yet.” Traiven responded.
“Traiven, I can’t go back to Vana without you.” said Shawn.
“Then come with us.” Replied Traiven. “You’ve always wanted harder missions. Here’s your chance.”
“Not a suicide mission!”
“Maybe if we take on Kron together, we could stand a chance.” Said Traiven.
“Have you forgotten that I have a war to fight soon?” Asked Shawn.
“I’m pretty sure you’ll make it back on time. Did you even see that diagram at the call meeting? Finding the safest way past those turrets will take forever. You’ll make it back in time.”
“And what if we get killed?” Asked Shawn.
“As you told me before, that’s just the risk we take as Arcs.” Responded Traiven.
Shawn turned away and thought for a second. He then turned back and sighed, “Fine, but as long as you listen to me. I’ve been an Arc longer than you have; so I’ll be in charge of this mission.”
“Great!” Traiven said excitedly, while tapping Shawn on the shoulder. “I knew there was someone interesting under that buzz-kill shell of yours.”
“What’s a buzz-kill?” Asked Anya in confusion.
“I had given up on trying to understand Traiven’s Earthly language a long time ago,” answered Shawn.

Back on Vana; General Shinnle, Rukaryo, and Caliber were in the control room of the castle gathered around the center square platform, all watching a holographic image of planet Sabola that covered the entire platform. The three gathered by one section scrutinizing it trying to find an area to launch their attack.
Caliber lifted his hands and stretched the image out, zoning through the atmosphere to the turrets. “It seems like, no matter what, we’ll face the same amount of fire anywhere around the atmosphere.” He said. “There is no safest way.”
“That’s what worries me.” Replied General Shinnle. “I know what we have to do; but I’m still not comfortable with sending our Arcs to their deaths.”
“That’s the choice we made when we joined the Federation.” Replied Rukaryo. “We’re prepared to do whatever it takes to protect Eden.”
The door suddenly slid open and in walked Benny with Shafer; they walked up to the three at the panel.
“Sir?” Benny called out to General Shinnle. “We need to have a word with you.”
“Can it wait?” Asked General Shinnle. “We’re trying to figure out the safest plan of attack.”
“But that’s why we’re here.” Replied Shafer. “We may have a solution.” He added
The three Arcs turned toward the two in surprise.
“You’d better not be wasting our time,” said Caliber with his deep voice.
“Not at all, sir,” replied Benny confidently, as he and Shafer walked closer to the panel.
Benny brought up his hand and pushed the image further, zooming out to space. He then turned the view a bit to a large comet in space about to pass by Sabola. He then pulled the image in and zoomed down to a large rock nested on the comet, the size of a Phantom.
“As we all know Brawnwich Comet here passes through our planetary system ever year making its way past each planet.” Said Shafer.
“Yes.” Replied Rukaryo reluctantly.
“Its next destination is right next to Sabola.” Said Benny. “And it just happens to pass directly over the dark castle. We’ve calculated that if we plant a charge here and detonate it at just the right time; it’ll release the large rock, sending it directly toward the Castle.”
“But the turrets will only shoot it down.” Replied Shinnle.
“Yes and we’re counting on it.” Replied Shafer. “At the speed it’ll be going and size the impact would take out the castle and the entire castle city. But if the turrets shoot it, it’ll burst raining down a barrage of smaller rocks toward the structures just outside of the castle. Each would have enough power to destroy every structure as they hit.”
“Not to mention that they’ll take out some of the turrets on their way down,” added Benny. “If they don’t hit the right structure, at least the Arcs will have a safe opening to drop down.”
General Shinnle scratched his head in thought. “It sounds quite vivid and I see it being successful, but we’ll have to be precise when detonating the charge. Even a second of a miss-queue can case unwanted damage.”
“Benny and I have already calculated time and position to make sure this goes according to plan.” Stated Shafer. “We’ll have to be the ones to plant and detonate the charge.”
“How long before the comet will be in position?” Asked Rukaryo.
“Forty-eight hours.” Replied Benny.
“Then we must act fast,” said General Shinnle. He turned to Caliber and Rukaryo. “Mobilize the army for an immediate launch and tell King Joseph, and King Joshua to do the same.”
“Yes sir.” Replied Rukaryo.
General Shinnle then turned to Benny and Shafer. “I want a list of everything you need. I want you off this planet and heading to that comet in no less than two hours.”
“You got it,” replied Shafer. “Let’s end this war.”
Across the planetary system, a shuttle had just begun to make its approach into Robant. Inside, Anya stood up and walked up to the window staring out. As the planet Robant came into sight, her eyes widened and she smiled in excitement. There was a large fleet of brown ships posted right outside of its atmosphere. Along with a large grey ship, shaped spherical, in their center. The planet looked like a large dark blue ball with streams of lights flowing around it.
“Don’t get out much?” Asked Traiven as he walked up to her.
Anya turned to Traiven and smiled. “No, that’s why I wanted to come along. I never get to leave Vana, no other Arc trusts me enough to take me out.”
“Well glad I can.”
Anya lifted her left hand and touched Traiven’s temples; staring into his eyes. “I love looking into your eyes. They have so much excitement in them.”
“It’s more like confusion.” He responded not thinking.
“I think you’ll make a great Arc, just like your brother.” She added.
“Try telling that to everyone else.” Traiven said while moving his face down and looking straight to the floor. He then sighed and looked out the window, seeing the fleet of brown ships along with the grey spherical one. “Is that the Death Star?” He asked as he pointed.
“Death Star?” Anya queried not knowing what he was talking about. “It’s the Kaiju command ship.” She finally answered.
“Oh, those are the guys who transform under a full moon, right?”
“Yep, that is why their command ship is shaped like that. It has the ability to emulate a full moon whenever they need it.”
“Well that’s useful.” Said Traiven.
Suddenly, they heard a mechanic voice over the speakerphone, “We’re entering the atmosphere of Robant.”
“Looks like we’ll be landing soon,” said Shawn as he walked up to them. “It is still night here; is this where the sword is?”
“This is where we’ll find out where it is.” Replied Anya.
“How?” Asked Shawn.
“I have a contact who seems to know everything.” Stated Anya.
“Some guy named Ganga.” Added Traiven.
“GANGA!” Replied Shawn in anger.
“What is he bad or something?” Asked Traiven.
Anya spoke up confidently answering Traiven’s question. “Ganga is the leader of the Kaiju.”
Shawn angrily stepped up to Anya, “You said nothing about us dealing with Kaiju!”
“I told Traiven who we were going to see.” She replied, and crossed her arms.
“Traiven doesn’t know anything!” Shouted Shawn in anger.
“Wait,” said Traiven. “I thought these guys were neutral or something?”
“That doesn’t mean they can be trusted.” Shawn answered, without taking his eyes off Anya.
Traiven stepped up and pulled Shawn back. “Look Shawn, you can turn back if you want to, but from what I understand these guys are our only hope, correct?” Said Traiven and turned his face back to Anya.
Shawn sighed. “Well, we can’t exactly ask the angels that right now.”
“Don’t worry,” replied Anya. “You guys are not on their radar so you’ll make it out of here fine. Beside he’s an acquaintance of my dad, so Ganga wouldn’t dare lay a hand on us.”
In the meantime, the transport ship had just docked in a large hangar, in the center of a large city. The sky was dark and the building shot up to the sky shining with bright lights. The buildings were towers similar to skyscrapers on Earth but taller. There were thin lines running across the city, connecting to each building that held a long shuttle, carrying around passengers. There were also vehicles around the surface and soaring through the air.
Traiven, Shawn and Anya stepped out of the hanger onto a long and wide paved, lined road; with larger lit buildings around them.  They took notice that there was a white mist of clouds gathering in various parts of the planet surface. Traiven immediately took notice of the people walking around in rags leaning on the sides of some building. He also noticed that some of the walls were cracked and ruined.
“This place is a dump.” Said Traiven.
“We’re in the slums.” Said Shawn. “Don’t worry not all of Robant is like this.”
“Where are the cool parts with the robots and flying cars?” Asked Traiven humorously.
“You won’t see much robots.” Replied Shawn. “Robot labor is illegal.”
“Why?” Asked Traiven.
“Well, they were abolished to help keep the economy up.” Answered Shawn. “If everyone employs robots then they’ll be no jobs for humans.”
“But what about those training Robots we used?” asked Traiven.
“Well, you can employ one with a permit,” answered Shawn. “But even then, you’re only able to use it for either training or to perform jobs that are impossible for a human to do.”
“Come on.” Said Anya interrupting their conversation. “The Kaiju has a base of operation here in which they conduct trades with the citizens of Robant. It isn’t too far from here.”
“Lead the way.” Replied Shawn. “But I still don’t trust you.”
Anya ignored his comment and began walking while the two followed.

CHAPTER XIV

Traiven, Shawn and Anya were led into the large bridge of the Kaiju command ship; escorted by two men, dressed in brown fur.
The room had a flat floor, but the walls and ceiling circled around them like a sphere. There was a large sphere door behind them, that was built as a circular hole in the in the entire front wall. Ahead of them was a window revealing the large dark planet of Robant. Two men, also dressed in brown fur, sat in front of the small single section control panel. There were also three men sitting six feet behind them, each in front of their own section of control panels. They also had a small screen hanging down from the ceiling before them. Behind them, in the very center of the bridge, sat Ganga. His chair was boosted up a bit higher than the rest of them. His section had two control panels sitting in the position of arms. A large screen also hung before him from the ceiling. The rest of the bridge was an empty large space.
“Sir?” one of the escorts called as they walked up to the back of Ganga’s chair. “You have visitors.”
Ganga’s chair turned completely around, until he was facing them. 
“We found them on the surface asking about you.” said the escort.
Ganga leaned forward and took a good look at the three, and when he noticed that two of them were Arcs, he then leaned back and asked, “So, what interest would the Federation have with me?”
Anya stepped forward and spoke, “We’re not here on Federation business.”
“Wait!” Said Ganga as he remembered Anya’s face. “Anya? Is it really you?”
“Yes Ganga.” She answered.
Ganga then leaned back and laughed, “Ha, Ha, I should have known you three were not acting on the Federation. Why would they trust someone like you?”
“Yeah why would we?” Asked Shawn, as he turned toward Traiven.
Ganga leaned forward and looked at Traiven, “So, you must be the brother of Raven.”
“How do you know I’m not Raven himself?” Asked Traiven.
“Because, I know just about everything that goes on in my galaxy.”
“A little suspicious for someone who claims to be neutral,” replied Shawn with an attitude.
Ganga quickly turned his attention to Shawn. “And you must be the son of Dante Seran, all you Serans look alike. And we Kaiju have never once claimed ourselves neutral.” He added, “That’s just a brand the Federation gave us because we no longer do the demon’s bidding. Now did you come here to talk allegiances or do you have a better reason for wasting my time?”
“We’re looking for something.” Spoke Anya. “And you’re mostly likely the one who can help us find it.”
“What?” Asked Ganga.
“Perdition...” Answered Traiven. “The dark sword.”
Ganga scratched his chin for a second in thought, and then replied. “I may be able to help, but what interest would you have in such an evil item.”
“That depends on the wielder.” Replied Anya.
Ganga gave a smirk toward Anya. “Ha, of course I see why you would want it Summoner. If all the legends about the sword are true, then your father would do anything for it, including using you.”
“What legends?” Asked Traiven as he turned toward Anya. “What is he talking about, who’s your father?”
“So your Summoner friend here is keeping secrets,” said Ganga.
Anya turned toward Traiven and grabbed his hand at her side, then replied, “My intentions are good.”
Shawn sighed and answered Traiven’s question. “Her father is Lance, leader of the Summoners.”
“Wait, Really?!” Asked Traiven as he pulled his hand away.
“I thought you knew.” Said Shawn.
Ganga quickly spoke interrupting their quarrel. “I’m surprised you’re this naïve, Nephilim. It makes sense why Lance would want the sword, because of the legend about it.”
“Again, what Legend?” Asked Traiven. 
“That’s just a myth,” Replied Shawn. “Even the Angels denied it.”
“Of course they would,” replied Ganga. “They’d never risk telling the truth to anyone in Eden.”
“Tell me what’s the legend?” begged Traiven.
Ganga gave a grin; “The names are riddles, the Swords of Ingress, Nirvana and Perdition; created when the horsemen sealed off Eden from the other dimensional planes. Nirvana meaning Heaven while Perdition meaning Hell, and Ingress means passage.”
“Wait so the swords are keys?” Asked Traiven.
“Well that’s the myth,” answered Ganga. “But still I wouldn’t trust a Summoner to be anywhere near that sword.”
“I renounced my clan a long time ago Ganga.” Stated Anya. “You know that.”
“So you say,” replied Ganga. “But even I know better than to trust a Summoner.”
“Okay enough!” Snapped Traiven being tired of Ganga’s interrogation. “We don’t have time for this, tell us where the sword is?”
“What’s in it for me?” Asked Ganga.
“What do you want?” Asked Traiven.
Ganga looked up and scratched his chin for a second then turned back toward Traiven and asked, “You’ve just recently found out that you were a Nephilim correct?”
“Yeah, why?” Replied Traiven.
“So, I’m guessing you don’t know everything about your talents.”
“You can say that.” Responded Traiven.
Ganga pressed a button on his chair and a strange writing came up on the screen in front of the ship. It was unlike anything Traiven has ever seen, a language completely foreign to him; like random shapes connected to each other in odd unfitting ways.
“Read that.” Said Ganga.
“I don’t know what that is.” Answered Traiven.
“It’s the celestial tongue. It’s impossible to learn, and you must be born with celestial essence in order to see its true meaning. Meaning anyone not from this plane can read this text.”
“Where did you get this?” Asked Shawn.
“I’m only offering one favor.” Answered Ganga. “You wanna find the sword or know where I got this code.”
“I can’t read it.” Said Traiven.
“That’s because you’re not trying.” Said Ganga. “Step closer and look.”
Traiven stepped to the screen, staring at the figures but the more he looked the more foreign it seemed.
“Relax.” Said Ganga. “Clear your mind of everything but what you see before you.”
Traiven took a deep breath, then let out a sigh. He focused only on the writing. As he did, he began to feel a slight vibration throughout his body, accompanied by a slight headache, as the words slowly blurred before his eyes. The figures shifted back into focus and appeared in clear written words that Traiven read aloud, while trying to stay focus, as his headache rapidly increased. He spoke in deep breaths and grunts, “Where humans and beast coexisted...” Traiven then began to fall back but Anya rushed and caught him. As his headache slowly faded away the words became foreign again.
“Are you okay?” Asked Anya.
“Yeah,” answered Traiven as he stood back up.
Ganga smiled, “It’s something you need to get used to; but thanks, that’s all I needed.” He then turned his head back toward his men at the control panels of the bridge and ordered, “Set a course to Juno.” He then turned back to the three. “Perdition is located on Juno, in an ancient cave, within a large mountain right next to the capital city.”
“Thank you.” Said Anya.
“Now remember this, the sword is being guarded by a powerful celestial” Added Ganga. “The sword acts as a link that binds a creature inside of the cave. So you have to kill it before you remove the sword or the creature will escape and attack the city.”
“Got it.” Replied Traiven. He then turned to Shawn. “Don’t worry, we’ll get this thing, then be on our way to Sabola to take down the Summoners.”
Shawn sighed and replied. “If only it were that simple.” 

Back on Vana, in the hanger of Phantom Seven-Five-One, Benny and Shafer were standing in the hanger-bay of the ship as they guided a group of workers to load up the bombs into the Phantom. The entrance of the hanger-bay was a large ram under the tail end of the ship. It stood up on large metal legs, coming up from the bottom of its haul. The workers were carrying flat hover panels that held large crates. 
Shafer stood in front of the crate in the hanger-bay guiding it in, while Benny stood behind it just outside of the hanger-bay directing the pushers.
“We leave in five minutes. Will you be ready by then?” Asked Joker as he walked up to Benny. 
“Yes.” Answered Benny.
Rukaryo walked up to them and asked. “Joker, have you heard from Shawn? He’s nowhere to be found.”
“No.” Answered Joker. “But come to think of it, I haven’t seen Traiven around either; you think they could be training?”
“Maybe, I was going to help Traiven with his training but he never returned. He did seem a bit devastated.”
“Maybe he’s thinking about leaving.”
“Well still, we’re launching soon and Shawn needs to be here, if he wants to be in this mission.”
“Oh… Shawn?” Asked Benny as he heard their conversation. “He’s off planet.”
“What?!” Screamed Rukaryo as he turned toward Benny.
“Yeah, I saw him earlier getting on a shuttle to the moon port.”
“Why would he go there knowing there’s a mission soon?” Asked Joker.
Rukaryo shook his head. “Sorry to say, but we don’t have time to wait on him. We need to get going soon, we can discuss this with him later.”
“Okay,” said Benny as he and Shafer finished loading the crate. “The comet will be nearing Sabola soon. We need to leave now if we’re going to make it on time.”
They all walked up into the ship from the hanger-bay. The workers backed away and the ceiling opened.
Benny, Shafer, Rukaryo and Joker walked onto the bridge where Belle and Bethany were waiting. Benny walked to his seat and sat down while starting up the ship. Joker sat in his captain’s seat while the others sat in their respective seats around the bridge and strapped up. Benny moved the control sticks and the ship floated out of the hanger-bay. They could see other Phantoms around them, all taking off into the sky.
“Sabola here we come.” Said Benny. He quickly pulled his steering sticks back, and the ship quickly accelerated toward the sky.

Meanwhile, on the Sabola, Lance walked out into the courtyard. The prisoner scientists were hard at work on the Gateway, while one of Sabola’s scientists stood watching and supervising their every move. 
Lance walked up to one of the scientist of Sabola and asked, “How much longer till the Gateway is operational?”
“Very soon my lord.” Answered the scientist. “They’re just a few more calibrations we must make, then we’ll be ready for a test.”
A soldier quickly ran in and addressed Lance. “My lord, the enemies’ fleets are mobilizing!”
“WHAT!” Lance shouted in anger.
“They’re heading our way.” Said the Soldier
Lance turned away and thought for a second.
“Sir our defenses are fully operational and our army is standing by.” The soldier added.
Lance gazed forward, giving direction for the soldier to go, while he was still in thought. That’s not good enough… he thought. Lance then turned to one of his soldiers as an idea entered his head and said. “Send out the fleet to intercept them before they reach our atmosphere; maybe we can slow them down.”
“Yes sir.” Came the soldier’s response as he bowed then ran off.

It was early in the morning at the capital city of the planet Juno. Traiven, Shawn and Anya stood just outside the gates to the city. Before them was a long stretch of forest, with a large group of brown mountains in the distance. The biggest mountain stood out in the center towering over the rest. Behind them was a large gate in front of a massive city. The buildings were clustered everywhere, stretching tall and far behind the height of the gate, with vehicles soaring through the air. The city had a noble look to it. Most of the buildings and vehicles had a golden-orange tone to it, making the city look like it was scatter with gold. The buildings reflected the bright sun light and poured the tone of its colors on just about everything.
Traiven scrunched his eyes as he looked forward at the large mountain in the distance.
“So, are you ready to do this?” Asked Shawn as he looked at Traiven.
Traiven remained silent staring ahead.
“Having second thoughts?” Asked Shawn.
“What? Don’t be stupid,” answered Traiven.
“Don’t worry Traiven,” said Anya. “Once you have that sword, you’ll be unstoppable.”
“Huh?” Snapped Shawn. “The weapon doesn’t make the Arc.” He said. He then began walking forward, leaving them behind.
Traiven turned toward Anya. “He may not look it, but he’s just as eager as we are.”
Anya smiled and they began walking along with Shawn.
They entered the forest, Shawn walked in front, and Traiven and Anya trailed behind. They were walking in awkward silence until Traiven spoke to Anya, breaking the mood. “So what’s the deal with your father?” He asked.
“What do you mean?” She questioned.
“Why did you leave him? I mean being the big guy’s daughter, you must have had it pretty nice.”
Anya smiled, “Yeah, but that’s not really the life I wanted. The thing is; I was raised by my mother not my father. She was a good person.”
“What happened to her?”
“She passed away years ago, that’s when my father and brother took me in and taught me the art of Summoning. Then after my brother died I left. He was special to me, and it’s my father’s fault he’s dead.”
“Don’t you care about your father?” Traiven inquired.
“I was never really close to him like I was to my mother and brother. Even being a prisoner on Vana is better than being in his clan.”
“Well at least you got a cool guardian demon from the deal.”
Anya laughed at Traiven’s ignorance, “Ha, it doesn’t work like that.” She said. “The demons are the masters not us. I was able to use him against you because killing an Arc is what he wanted to do. I can’t use him to do my bidding.”
“What about the strain your demon has on your soul!” Said Shawn in order to bring up the topic.
“What does he mean?” Asked Traiven.
“There’s a reason we don’t trust her.” Replied Shawn.
Anya sighed and spoke with an obvious despair in her voice, “In order for a demon to claim you as its Summoner, you must give it ownership of your soul.” Her voice now sounded cold as ice, and the look in her beautiful gray eyes glazed.
Traiven jumped back in surprise, “So you sold your soul to a demon!”
Anya replied with her head down. “My father made me do it; he wanted me and my brother to take charge of the Summoners one day. Luckily, I haven’t summoned my demon as much as the others do, so he doesn’t have as much control over me.”
“But he still has some control.” Replied Shawn. 
“Okay that’s it!” Said Traiven as he stopped before her and grabbed her hand. “I Promise that I will find a way to get you your soul back.”
Anya smiled, “That’s very kind of you Traiven, but it can’t be done.”
“Well not with that attitude.” Traiven replied. “After we get this sword and win this war; I’ll appoint myself on the mission of getting you your soul back.”
Anya smiled, then walked up to him and wrapped her arms around him, “Thank you, you’re the only one who’s ever show me any kindness since I left my father.”
“Huh, and I wonder why…” Stated Shawn with a cocky expression as he continued to walk forward.
“Don’t worry,” Traiven said to Anya, as they released one and other. “That’s his enthusiastic face.”
Anya gave Traiven another smile and they continued to walk forward.

The three had finally reached the mountain. The terrain before them was very rocky, with a large opening in front of them, leading into a cave within the mountain.
“So this is it,” said Traiven. “A lot bigger than I had expected.”
“Well, from what I heard, Kron is pretty big,” replied Shawn.
“Wait!” replied Traiven as he turned toward Shawn in fear. “How big are we talking?”
“I really don’t know and I never thought that I’d have to find out.”
“You know, I’ve never really heard anything about what he looks like,” said Anya.
“That’s because no one’s ever lived to talk about him,” replied Shawn.
“Well, it’s time to break that cycle,” said Traiven as he began to walk forward.
Shawn sighed and followed, but Anya stayed back.
Traiven turned back and asked her, “Are you coming?”
“She can’t,” answered Shawn. “This cave is a special den created by the horsemen to house the dark sword. Meaning it’s a holy ground, and because a demon owns her soul she can’t step foot on it.”
Anya again gave Traiven a smile then walked up to him, hugged him and planted a soft kiss on his cheek, “It’s fine, just go,” she said. “I’ll be waiting here when you return.”
Traiven nodded his head with a warm smile; then he and Shawn walked into the cave.

The two Arcs walked throw the darkness of the immense cave; they weren’t able to see anything, but heard the sounds of rocks shuffling under their feet. 
“It’s so dark in here,” Said Traiven.
Shawn pulled out a tube and slightly squeezed it, causing it to light up their surroundings.
“Well that’s convenient.” Said Traiven.
“You really need to prepare better before you leave Vana.” Replied Shawn.
“Noted.”
They continued their walk, looking around in every direction, until they came to a dark passageway with a red light at its end.
“That must be it.” Said Shawn whispering as he began to approach the passage. 
As they walked forward, Shawn turned toward Traiven and said, “Traiven, I know your intentions are good; you need to be more careful about who you trust.”
“I take it you mean Anya,” replied Traiven. “Don’t worry, I can tell she is sincere.”
“I know she is, but the thing is that a demon controls her soul. For that reason, it really doesn’t matter if she’s genuine or not. That’s the real reason why no one trusts her. No matter how innocent she is; when the demon gives an order, she must obey and that’s the way it works.”
“Yeah well, I’m going to kill the demon and free her.” Responded
“Well as far as we know, the only way to kill a demon is by killing the Summoner, while it’s summoned.”

After a few more minutes, they came to a large open space where a bright red light was shining, and noticed that it was shining from an object at the other end. It looked like a small step, climbing up like a pyramid, with an altar on its top. The altar had statues of a demon on each side; and an orange square stone, with a sword sticking out. The sword had a shiny red blade, held up by a black handle. The hand guards were golden and shaped like dragon wings, the rest of its golden body swirled around the black handle.
“Perdition,” said Shawn as he looked around. “But where’s its guardian?” he questioned.
“Well, the sword has been here for a while. Maybe Kron died off,” answered Traiven.
“I don’t think so.”
They cautiously walked toward the sword; on top of a large black platform that looked like a long bridge made of rock, and stretched from the entrance of the room to the top of the pyramid. When they reached the pyramid, Traiven stepped off and onto the altar while Shawn remained on the platform. Traiven stared at the sword in amazement and slowly reached for its handle, but was stopped by Shawn’s voice.
“Wait,” said Shawn. “Remember what Ganga said, we have to kill Kron before removing the sword. Otherwise, we’ll release him and he’ll attack the city.”
“But Kron isn’t here.” Replied Traiven. “Trust me; I know what I’m doing.” Traiven grabbed the handle and the blade began to glow as he lifted it up and out of the square, and a sudden pulse of energy burst from the sword and waved throughout the den. The blade then dimed back to normal and Traiven stood there holding it in front of him, staring at his image reflecting from the shiny red blade. “Wow!” he said in excitement. “We did it.”
“Where’s Kron?” Asked Shawn as he quickly looked around.
“Does it really matter?” Traiven said, then turned toward Shawn. “We got the sword now, let’s get out of here.”
The long platform that Shawn was standing on suddenly began to rise higher and higher into the air. Traiven watched as it slowly rose. Then the platform started revealing huge teeth and a pair of fiery red eyes, the size of his head, looking directly at him. 
Traiven stared with his eyes wide open and his mouth dropped in fear. “So… that’s Kron.” He said slowly, in fear.
The teeth slowly opened, then quickly launched at Traiven and snapped closed. Traiven jumped back, barely missing its bite.
“we’ve been on top of him the whole time!” Shouted Shawn.
The large beast jumped up toward the ceiling and busted out of the top of the mountain. Kron was a huge dragon, with its body covered with black scales. He had large bat-like wings on his back, a long tail, two arms, two legs, spikes going down its back and two large horns sticking up on his reptile-like head. Traiven jumped out of the cave and landed on top of the mountain. He watched as Kron flew away. He could hear Shawn shouting from the top of Kron’s head. “traiven, hurry up! he’s headed for the city!”
Traiven jumped off and landed on the top of a tree back in the forest; he then began to chase after them, jumping from treetop to treetop.

The sun was shining down on the capital city of Juno. It came right through the window and awoke the king from his sleep. He got out of his bed, stretched and yawned. It’s so good to be home, he thought. He walked over to the window and looked out; gazing at the city for a second. His attention was then was taken by the sight of a huge black object in the distance flying toward the city. What is that? He thought. He then squelched his eyes and got a better view. Wait! Is that? His eyes then widened with terror. “Oh, God help!”

Shawn held on to Kron as he passed over the gate and entered the city. I have to stop this beast, he thought. He lifted his scythe and quickly swung it down hitting Kron. The attack slowed him down a bit; but Kron continued on roughly moving his body through the air, trying to make Shawn fall off. The dragon picked up speed, racing toward a large building. Then jolted his body, making Shawn fly off and crash into the building.
The people of the city ran out their houses in terror as Kron flew around, shooting fireballs at the city, destroying the buildings one by one. 
Traiven finally made it to the city with the dark sword in his hand. As soon as he got there, he jumped up toward Kron, swinging his sword. As soon as Traiven got close, Kron swung his tail and hit Traiven sending him crashing to the ground. Shawn jumped on top of a building next to Kron. He tightly gripped his scythe then jumped toward the beast. Kron quickly swung its claw and knocked Shawn out of the sky. Kron then noticed Traiven flying toward it with the sword cocked back, ready to swing. Kron quickly shot a fireball at Traiven from its mouth. Shawn quickly jumped up and pushed Traiven out of the way, sending them both crashing down into a building. 
They both stood up in the rubble of the building and watch Kron circling the sky above them.
“Well, any ideas?” Asked Traiven.
“oh, now you want to listen to me!” Shouted Shawn angrily. “if you listened to me from the beginning, we wouldn’t be in this mess!”
“Look Shawn; I understand you’re mad at me, but now’s not the time to point fingers.”
“Look Traiven; I don’t have any ideas. Kron is just too much for us. We’re only still alive because we’ve been lucky.”
They then noticed Kron charging at them.
“Here he comes,” said Shawn. “We might lose our lives in this battle; but I’m not giving up without a fight.”
Shawn jumped up and lunged toward Kron’s head. He gripped his scythe tightly and swung it at Kron’s face, but before he could land a hit, Kron quickly swung its claw and again knocked Shawn from the sky. Kron then shot a fireball at Traiven, but he jumped up evading it. While in the air, Traiven watched as a building behind him fell apart, and all he could think about was the people that were inside of it.
What have I done? Traiven thought as he watched the building fall to ruins piece by piece… People will die, and it’s all because of me. 
Traiven landed on top of one of the buildings. He closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths; while he tried ignored his fear. He focused on what he needed to do to save the city. No! I won’t let this beast just hurt anyone else. He thought.
Traiven opened his eyes and focused his energy on his sword, the sword gradually lit up glowing bright red by every second. “Okay, let’s see what this thing can do.” He then roughly swung his sword and caused a wave of light that hit Kron and caused Kron to crash to the ground. 
“Amazing!” He thought while holding the sword up in front of him. Traiven then jumped to the ground and landed in front of Kron.
Traiven and Kron stood facing each other for a moment. Traiven then launched toward Kron. When he got close, Kron swung its claw down trying to squash him; but Traiven’s reflexes suddenly took control and he quickly changed his direction evading the attack. Upon his successful escape from Kron’s blow; Traiven jumped up toward Kron’s head and swung his sword, which sliced Kron across the dragon’s face leaving a big scar.
“I’m actually doing it.” Traiven thought. He wasn’t quite sure where his sudden skills were coming from and was impress with himself.
Once Traiven landed, he noticed smoke coming from Kron’s nose. Kron opened its mouth and a stream of fire shot out toward Traiven. Just before the fire hit Traiven, Shawn jumped in the way and emitted a force that acted as a shield blocking the fire, but locking them both in a position where neither was able to move.
“i don’t know how long i can hold him off!” shouted Shawn. “you better do something fast!”
I need to finish this now, but what do I do? thought Traiven. He looked down at Perdition. “Okay, let’s see if you’re really as powerful as they say you are.” 
He held the sword in front of him, closed his eyes and concentrated. The blade again glowed bright red; he then opened his eyes and ran towards Kron. Once he got close, he jumped up and swung his sword; slicing off Kron’s head as easy as slicing off a piece of tomato with a sharp knife. Traiven then fell back to the ground and made a rough landing, followed by the head of Kron landing next to his body.
Traiven and Shawn stood up in wreckage, and stared in relief at Kron’s corpse beside them in victory.
“We actually did it,” said Shawn with a smile while breathing out loud.
Their victory was short lived when they noticed Juno soldiers headed toward them in shuttles and fighter ships.
“Not exactly the victory party I was hoping for.” Said Traiven. 
Shawn gave Traiven an angry look. 
The ships finally reached them and landed; but half of the fleet remained in the air, as a precautionary measure. As some of the pilots were stepping out, a large demon suddenly rushed out and knocked them both to the ground. They both quickly rose and just as Shawn was about to attack, the demon knocked his scythe away. The demon then grabbed him with its large left hand; then grabbed Traiven with its right. It then pined them against the wall of a nearby building, causing Traiven to drop the dark sword.
As the demon held them, Anya walked in behind the demon and picked up Perdition, the dark sword.
“Anya, what the hell are you doing?” Asked Traiven.
“I’m so sorry,” she answered. “But I have no choice.”
“I should have known,” said Shawn angrily.
Anya closed her eyes in shame, then opened them and spoke, “Traiven, you’ve been so good to me and I hate to do this to you; but Shawn was right. This demon does have control over me, and there’s nothing I can do to stop it. But don’t worry, I’ll be able to let you both live.”
“Then that’ll be a mistake on your part, Summoner,” said Shawn. “ I’ll hunt you down,” Shawn added.
“I deserve that.” Replied Anya with her head down still in shame.
Anya then turned and ran to one of the landed ships, knocking the pilot aside. Her demon burst into steam and was sucked back into her; as she quickly jumped into the cockpit and took off.
“We have to go after her,” said Traiven.
“I don’t think we’ll be able to for a while,” replied Shawn as he held his hands up noticing the soldiers closing in with their weapons aimed at them. “This will end worst for me than it will for you.” Added Shawn.
“Why?” Inquired Traiven.
“Because the King of Juno is my uncle, from my mother’s side.”
“Wow, so you’re screwed. What do you suppose they’ll do to us?” Asked Traiven.
Shawn answered with anger, “Well, let me see. We’ve violated an order to stay in Vana; unleashed a huge dragon that destroyed half the capital city of Juno. Oh, and let a Summoner get away with the dark sword Perdition… I’m sure they’ll take it easy on us.”
While looking around, as the shuttles landed and the soldiers grew closer, Traiven turned to Shawn and murmured; “Wow, sarcasm, I didn’t think you had it in you.” As Traiven turned his head back, he noticed a specific shuttle that some a group of soldiers had un-boarded and left it unguarded. “You know we could just follow her to Sabola and get the sword back,” Traiven paused and then added, “I’m sure we couldn’t possibly get into any more trouble I suppose?”
Traiven smiled then turned toward Shawn “Do you trust me?” He asked.
“No.”
“Good.” Said Traiven. He then quickly grabbed Shawn and pulled him toward the empty shuttle ship. He pushed the soldiers aside, and the two ran in, quickly closing the door behind them.
“what the are you doing!” Shouted Shawn.
“Can you fly this thing?” Traiven Asked
They heard gunfire hitting the hull.
“Maybe,” Answered Shawn.
“Then let’s go get that sword back.”
Shawn jumped into the cockpit and started up the ship. They made a quick lift-off accelerating into the air leaving the planet.

CHAPTER XV

In the center of the planetary system, the large fleet of Federation, Robant and Sarazetty war ships made their way toward the planet Sabola. In front of the fleet there were the smaller fighter ships, followed by the Phantoms, then the large carriers loaded with ground forces. 
Phantom Seven-Five-One was posted just outside of the ranks beside the carriers. Its entire crew sat on its bridge staring out ahead. Benny gave a slight smile as he noticed the comet in the distance. “There she is.” He said pointing with excitement.
Joker stood up walk over to Benny. “Okay, I’ll take control, go prepare to board it.”
Benny stood up and Joker took his place as he, Shafer and Rukaryo walked off of the bridge to the hanger-bay. As Joker steered the ship away from the fleet, he suddenly heard an explosion beside them. They all looked toward the sound and saw smoke flowing from the carrier beside them.
“What happened?!” Asked Bethany.
Suddenly, small brown fighters and larger battle ships emerged from the distance while firing upon their fleet.
“Looks like they’re expecting us.” Said Joker.

In the hanger-bay Benny, and Shafer had just put on their thin space suits, and clear thin oxygen masked.
“Aren’t you going to suit up?” Asked Benny as he noticed Rukaryo was not putting on a breathing suit.
“I’m an Arc remember.” Replied Rukaryo. “I can breath in space.”
“Guys we’ve had a change of plans.” Came the voice of Joker over a communications system from the hanger-bay.
“WHAT IS IT!” Shouted Rukaryo.
“It seems Sabola has sent a welcome party. We won’t be able to land on the comet in this enemy fire, if I fly close can you guys jump on?” Said Joker.
Rukaryo turned toward Shafer and Benny. “Can you guys do that?”
“Well,” replied Benny. “At least we’ll know what it feels like to be Arcs.”
Rukaryo gave a grin then fitted an earpiece to his ear and spoke. “No problem!”
Benny walked over to the crate and opened it removing square bombs and two small portable drilling machines. The machines themselves looked like the back of grey metal chairs, with two arm rests on each of its side, which held controls for the drills. The drills hung from the top metal arm that could extend and retract.
Benny and Shafer each picked one up and strapped it on. Rukaryo grabbed the four square bombs and strapped them in a pouch, draping it over his back. He then spoke over his earpiece again. “Okay captain we’re ready; bring us in smooth!”
“You got it!” Replied Joker.

Phantom Seven-Five-One maneuvered through Sabola’s fighters and cannon fire. A gun turret rose from the top of the Phantom’s hull and started to fire back at the fighters. It closed in directly next to the comet and matched its speed. The Phantom then positioned its self next to a large boulder. The comet was on the right side of the Phantom.
Benny, Shafer and Rukaryo emerged from the Arc exit panels, on the top of the ship. They walked to the edge; Benny and Shafer reached on their backs and pulled out a gun with a grapple attached to it. Rukaryo aimed his left fist at the comet, and a small hole opened in his suit to allow his grapple to shoot out.
“WATCH OUT!” Shouted Joker. “There are fighters heading straight for us.”
The three quickly shot their grapples into the comet and jumped toward it while reeling themselves in. They crashed to its surface next to the boulder with great force, that almost made them fly right off.
“We need to be careful,” said Rukaryo. “The gravity here is weak.”
“Okay we have twenty minutes,” Said Benny. “We need to drill four holes around the boulder, it shouldn’t take us long with this equipment.”  
“THEN LET’S GET TO WORK!” Scream Shafer.
Benny and Shafer each stood on opposite sides of the boulder quickly going to work, drilling into the comet, underneath the boulder.
“LOOK OUT!” Shouted Rukaryo as he noticed a red beam heading straight toward them.
Benny and Shafer quickly stopped working and ducked. Rukaryo grabbed his spear from his back, and moved it in a way that it blocked the approaching shots. He was using Arc ability to manipulate the gravity around him in order to keep from flying off into space.
“Captain, we’re never going to get anything done with these fighters on us,” Stated Benny.
“I’m on it,” Replied Joker.
The Phantom turned around and put some distanced between it and the comet. As the fighters moved in, The Phantom cannon turned and took out the fighters, one by one.
On the bridge of Phantom Seven-Five-One, Bethany was sitting at Shafer’s defense station controlling the turret. Belle was sitting at her engineering station. A fighter suddenly came up behind the Phantom and open fire, shooting its tail end. The hit caused the ship to jolt.
“Sir, we’ve taken some damage!” Said Belle in panic.
The ship continued to jolt, as shots continued hitting it. With every shot, the ship grew closer to destruction.
“SIR, WE WON’T LAST LIKE THIS!” Belle screamed.
“We have to!” Replied Joker. At that moment, the ship suddenly jolted a lot harder; along with the sound of an explosion, that caused everyone to nearly fall from the seats.
Bethany quickly turned toward Joker and screamed, “Captain we’ve lost the turret!”
“DAMMIT!” Shouted Joker in anger, as he slammed his fist on the panel.
“Captain we have to move; there are a large group of fighters heading straight for us!” Shouted Belle this time.
“We’ve completed the drilling!” Came the voice of Benny. “We’re setting the bombs now.”
“HURRY!” Screamed Joker. “We can’t take any more attacks.”

On the comet, as Benny and Shafer were setting the bombs; Rukaryo looked up at the Phantom and immediately saw four fighters shooting at it. “CAPTAIN, GET OUT OF HERE, YOU CAN’T TAKE ANYMORE DAMAGE!” he yelled over his ear piece.”
“NO!” Came the voice of Joker. “WE’RE NOT LEAVING YOU!”
“IF YOU STAY, WE ALL DIE! NOW GO, WIN THIS WAR.”
They suddenly heard explosions going off a distance away, while immediately noticing the enemy fighters being destroyed one by one.
“Did someone call for a miracle?” Came the voice of Caliber over their communication line.
Phantom Seven-Seven-Two came flying in while destroying the fighters and clearing the way.
“We could have probably used it sooner rather than later!”  Rukaryo said in a very happy but sarcastic tone.
“Just be happy we showed up at all!” Replied Caliber.
“We’re done,” said Benny as he walked up to Rukaryo.
“Okay, come back to the ship and we’ll set this thing off,” replied Joker.
Phantom Seven-Five-One quickly came in right next to the comet.
“We don’t have time to reset our grapples,” said Shafer, we’ll have to jump.
“Take off your drills.” Replied Rukaryo.
They threw their drills to the ground. They each grabbed an arm of Rukaryo and they leaped onto the Phantom. Back on board, they went back down to the bridge as the Phantom made distance away from the comet.
Joker stood up from the pilot’s seat and allowed Benny to retake control of the ship.
“We have a few minutes till the comet is in position” Said Benny as he quickly sat back into his chair.
Joker walked back to his captain’s chair and opened a communication link with General Shinnle back on Vana.
A live stream of General Shinnle, back in the war room of Vana, appeared on a screen that hung in front of him.
“Sir, the bomb is set and we’ll detonate it soon.”
“Good,” replied General Shinnle. “I’ll send the word out, and good luck with the assault.”
“Aye sir.” Responded Joker.
“DETONATING NOW!” Shouted Benny.

As the comet passed by Sabola, the bombs blew, breaking off the boulder and sending it flying toward the planet’s atmosphere. The crew of Phantom Seven-Five-One watched as the floating turrets of the planet’s atmosphere activated and shot the boulder to pieces. Many of the bolder pieces were falling at great speed and were falling toward the castle. Some of the pieces also fell into the turrets, destroying many of them in the process. 
In the meantime, on Sabola’s surface in the command center of the dark castle; soldiers were scrambling their forces and preparing for the eminent attack. Lance stormed in angry and unaware of what was going on. He walked to the circular panel in the center surrounded by his soldiers.
“What’s going on?” He demanded as he pushed his way to the center.
“Sir, a large fleet is approaching!” Said one of his men.
“And our defenses?” inquired Lance.
They suddenly felt a large continuous vibration of the entire room; accompanied by the rumbling sounds of large debris hitting the ground and explosions, just outside of their walls.
“Defenses are down!” Answered the soldier.
“What…how did they get past the turrets.”
“I’m not sure.” Answered the soldier.
“SIR THE TURRETS ARE DOWN!” Called another soldier.
“THE ENEMY IS ADVANCING! Shouted a different soldier watching his monitor.
“STOP THEM AT ALL COST!”  Shouted Lance “GATHER THE SUMMONERS AND KILL EVERY ARC THAT TOUCHES OUR SURFACE!”
Another solider quickly rushed in and up to Lance. “I bring news.” He said breathing very heavily.
Lance angrily grabbed him. “IT BETTER BE GOOD!”
The soldier replied shaking in fear, “Ye…s, the Gateway is complete and ready for activation!”
Lance gave a sigh of relief then replied, “Lock up the Robant scientist; and then tell ours that I’m on my way.”
The solider nodded then ran off.


Outside of the atmosphere, more fighter ships of Sabola emerged from the planet and engaged the large fleet of the Federation, Robant and Sarazetty ships as they entered the atmosphere.

The Phantoms maneuvered through the fleet of ships skillfully dodging enemy fire. The Sabola fighters kept their aim at the target and succeeded destroying one of the phantoms, then another. But before the matter got worse, the Federation fighters were able to quickly approach and aided in providing cover for the rest of the Phantoms to safely reach the atmosphere.
As each of the phantoms dipped into Sabola’s atmosphere, the Arc teams quickly dove off, just before the Phantom changed directions and headed back out into space. As they plunged towards the planet’s surface, Rukaryo gave them a briefing over there communicators. 
“OKAY OUR MISSION IS TO FIND AND DESTORY THE GATEWAY, THEN RESCUE THE SCIENTIST OF ROBANT.” Stated Rukaryo.
“AND KILL THE SUMMONERS!” added Caliber.
As Rukaryo fell, he could make out a tiny spec on the ground. “That must be the castle.” He thought. He then noticed a fighter ship-heading straight towards him. It began to open fire but he maneuvered his body, dodging every attack. He then pulled out his gun and returned fire.

The Master Arc Lexi, was also in the group of Arcs heading from the planet’s surface. Lexi noticed a couple of fighter ships following her, with shots, fast approaching. As the shots got closer to her, she threw her arms towards them and created a barrier that absorb the shots. Sneaux was swinging his sword and slicing every ship in his way. He was also using his sword to deflect approaching shots. 
Rukaryo finally made it past the crowd of ships and got a clear view of the dark castle. He could see a the soldiers of Sabola scrambling, as Federation, Robant and Sarazetty soldiers reached the surface and began to storm the castle, from the main entrance. He then looked toward the center of the castle and saw the Gateway sitting in the middle of the courtyard. He also took notice of Lexi falling beside him, then turned to her and shouted, “I SEE THE GATEWAY, LET’S GO FOR IT!”
Lexi nodded her head then Rukaryo spoke over his earpiece, “Lexi and I are going after the Gateway, the rest of you find the kidnapped scientists.”
“You’d better not mess this up.” Replied Caliber.
“Don’t plan to.” Respond Rukaryo.
Rukaryo and Lexi immediately shifted their bodies in the direction toward the courtyard.

Down on the surface Lance quickly entered the courtyard and noticed his men running around in panic. Some were packing their equipment into small escape shuttles, parked on the other side of the courtyard, and Sabola scientists were preparing to dismantle the Gateway. “WHAT’S GOING ON?” Shouted Lance as he stomped up to his scientists.
One of the scientists replied shaking in fear, “My lord, we’re out manned and out matched! We must leave!”
Lance angrily grabbed him by the neck and said, “That’s why we built the Gateway you idiot.” 
He then pushed him toward the panel to the left side of the Gateway and continued, “Once we raise Cassius, he’ll summon his demon army and crush the Federation.”
“But my lord, there are still tons of test we must run before we can activate it, we’re still not even one hundred percent certain that turning it on will be safe.”
“Activate it…NOW!” Screamed Lance. The scientist, still shivering in fear, turned toward the panel and began to operate the Gateway. 
Lance grew a dark grin as he heard the sound of streaming energy flowing from the Gateway. Suddenly, they saw a small bright white ball slowly growing from its center. As it grew bigger, its surface danced like flames and flowed around its core like a wave. Then they could feel a slight force fighting to drag them toward it, as the machine started sucking up tiny particles lying around the courtyard. 
“LANCE!” Came a loud voice from above.
They looked up and watched Rukaryo and Lexi land into the courtyard in front of its entrance.
“YOU’RE TOO LATE ARC!” Shouted Lance, “THE DEMON KING WILL SOON RISE!”
The two Arcs quickly took off toward Lance and the Gateway; but a human figure unexpectedly landed before them like a strike of lightning, and created a powerful force that tossed them both backward.
Once they recovered from their fall; they saw a tall but slim muscular being approaching. His skin was rough and blue, he had horns protruding from his head, and a current of electricity was slowly sparkling around its body. A hooded Summoner stood behind him.
“Sorry,” said the demon, “but you weren’t invited.”
“It seems you have lost Arc.” Added Lance. “If I were you; I’d leave before Cassius gets here.
Cid and Lexi helplessly watched as the white light in the Gateway grew larger and larger, and became almost big enough for Cassius to cross.
“WHAT’S THAT?!” Shouted one of the Sabola’s scientists, as he pointed into the sky in fear. They all instantly looked up and saw a small a golden brown shuttle plunging down directly towards them. The ship was dented and wrecked, with smoke was coming out of it profusely. 
“Rukaryo,” called Lexi. “It’s a shuttle from Juno, why is it here?”
“I don’t know,” Rukaryo answered. “But remind me to thank them, it’s on a direct collision course with the Gateway.” 
“SHOOT IT DOWN! NOW!” Shouted Lance.

On the bridge of the damaged ship, Shawn was desperately trying to maintain control, as Traiven stood behind him and watched in panic as they quickly descended.
“Slow down!” Traiven cried. “You’re going to get us both killed!”
“I’m trying!” Replied Shawn as he fought to maintain control.
“I thought you said you could fly this thing!” Screamed Traiven.
“I said maybe, and this is all still your fault so don’t scream at me!” Shawn screamed back. 
The ship suddenly jolted downward, increasing its speed as the Sabola fighters chased after them. 
“Oh no!” Said Traiven. He then reached for a lever on the control panel. “We have to out run them.”
“No, Traiven, don’t . . .”
Traiven quickly threw the lever forward causing the speed to increase even more.
Shawn tried everything he could to gain control, but the ship’s angle stayed in one direction.”
“Turn! Hurry up.” Said Traiven. “We’re going to crash into that glowing arch thingy down there!” He added as he noticed the Gateway below them. 
“I’m trying, but the helm isn’t responding. The system must have gotten damaged when those fighters attacked us.”
“Then what are we gonna do?” Asked Traiven. 
“The only thing we can do.” Responded Shawn.
Shawn pulled out his scythe and swung at the front screen bursting a hole in it. He then looked to the ground, and noticed a small Juno fighter ship landing in an empty docking platform right next to the castle. “There she is,” he said as he turned to Traiven. “And remember, do whatever is necessary.”
Traiven nodded.
 “JUMP!” Shouted Shawn.
They both jumped from the ship through the cockpit and fell down heading toward the castle, while the wrecked ship continued its direction towards the Gateway.
Shawn and Traiven landed next to Anya’s ship, just as she stepped out with the dark sword, wrapped in a brown cloth. Shawn gripped his scythe and jumped toward her swinging. Anya quickly strayed to the left and right dodging the attacks. Shawn jumped up at her continuously, but at one point she quickly opened her arm and steam flowed out of her body forming her demon. 
The demon came out fist first and punched Shawn in the chest crashing him to the ground. Shawn jumped back to his feet and Traiven quickly ran towards Anya. 
“TRAIVEN,” he Shawn yelled. “I’LL HOLD OFF THE DEMON. YOU GO GET THE SWORD.”
“GOT IT” Replied Traiven.
Shawn launched toward the demon and they engaged. 
Anya sprinted toward the castle, but Traiven was able to jump in her way with his sword in hand before she was able to make it there. “Don’t do this Anya,” he said. “You’re better than this.” He added.
“Traiven, I don’t want to,” She cried. “But I have no control over my actions.” 
“I don’t want to fight you.” He said. 
“And I don’t want to fight you either but you’ll have to kill me; it’s the only way.” She replied. 
Anya quickly pulled the dark sword out of the cloth. “I’m sorry, Traiven.”
Anya launched at Traiven and swung her sword; but Traiven, who was gradually becoming a master in his skill, quickly lifted his sword and blocked her attack. At one point, they locked blades for a second then pushed each other off. Traiven quickly lunged at her again and swung his blade, but unfortunately Anya was able to block its impact before landing on her. 
She pushed his sword away with hers, and then thrust her blade forward toward his chest. He quickly spun out of the way, while swinging his sword around toward her back. She also was quickly able to swing her sword back, blocking his attempt. 
On the other side of the area, Shawn and the demon continued fighting. Though the demon was constantly swinging at Shawn, it was no match for Shawn’s speed. Shawn was able to dodge all of the demons attacks with ease.  At one point, Shawn quickly swung his scythe, hitting the demon dead on in its chest; but to his surprise, it had little to no effect. Shawn swung again, a little harder, and his scythe stuck into the flesh of the demon’s right shoulder. The demon quickly tightened its muscles in the area holding the blade of the scythe, making Shawn unable to pull it out. 
The demon quickly grabbed him with his giant hand, making sure to add crushing pressure, with the intention of seeing Shawn liquefy by it. He then spoke, “I’m going to squeeze the life right out of you,” As the squeeze got tighter; Shawn let out a painful loud cry.
Traiven turned and saw the demon attempt to end Shawn’s life. Turning back to Anya she said, “You have to save him Traiven, killing me is the only way to stop it.”
“There’s got to be another way! I can’t kill you; I made you a promise. Remember?”
“I’m sorry, Traiven,” she answered. “The demons are in control not the Summoners. Remember that too…” Said Anya.
The painful screams of Shawn got louder; Traiven being worried of his only friend dying said, “I’m sorry Anya, you said no one cared about you anymore, but please know that I do. I always have.”
A tear suddenly rolled down Anya’s cheek. “Traiven, please don’t let Shawn die because of me.” She launched at Traiven again. Traiven quickly strayed to the right, dodged the attack, spinning completely around her. Once he was behind her, without hesitation, he thrust his blade toward her back and it went through all the way to her chest. As she fell, an instant flame engulfed the Demon causing it to disintegrate with a loud scream.  Traiven gradually fell to the ground on his knees, while tears gather around his eyes, and the tears rolled down into the ground. He grabbed Anya’s lifeless body and pulled it onto his chest. He then looked up to the sky and let out a loud scream that echoed miles away.

As Traiven slowly recovered from his pain; he looked up and saw Rukaryo standing before him.
Rukaryo bent down and placed a comforting hand on Traiven’s shoulder.
Shawn slowly walked up to them and helped Traiven up.
“Are you boys alright?” Rukaryo asked.
Shawn nodded and Traiven remained silent.
Rukaryo then looked directly at Shawn, “The Gateway is destroyed, now we just need to find the kidnapped scientist.”
“And Lance?” Asked Shawn.
“He’s already retreated,” Rukaryo answered. “Many of his forces are. A few Summoners did stay behind, their most likely trying to buy him so time.”
“Okay, let’s go free this planet.” Said Shawn. “It is my rightful kingdom after all.”
Rukaryo turned back to Traiven still noticing his look of extreme agony. “You did what you had to do, Traiven.” Said Rukaryo.
Traiven took a deep breath, then let out a sigh. Then he stated, “I am the Nephilim, but how am I suppose to save the universe if I can’t even save one friend.”
“Traiven,” Responded Rukaryo. “Anya’s soul may have belonged to a demon, but her heart was truly pure. The actions she took, that led her here, were against her will. But now that you have killed her demon, you have freed her soul.”
Traiven slowly brought his head up, and even though he was heartbroken, he understood Rukaryo’s words and gave him a slight look of gratitude.
Rukaryo turned back to Shawn, “Let’s go finish this,”
Shawn grew an enthusiastic smile.
Rukaryo then turned back to Traiven, “Get home safe.”
Traiven gave him a silent node.
Shawn and Rukaryo then took off inside of the castle and Traiven went another direction.

CHAPTER XVI

Rukaryo and Shawn met up with two other Arc teams, Arc team Seven-Eight-Six, Arcs Cid and Maya. Also present was Arc team Seven-Seven-Two, Arcs Sneaux and Benson.
“Okay guys, we split up from here.” Said Rukaryo. “Remember if you run into a Summoner don’t let him escape.”
They all nodded and the teams split up and ran in different directions.

Rukaryo and Shawn ran through the castle. There was barely anyone to take notice, since the most of Sabola’s forces had already retreated.
The entire castle was quiet and dark only lit up with dim lights. 
“This place is dead,” Said Rukaryo.
“I have a bad feeling about this.” Replied Shawn. As they continued their walk, they came to a long passageway; which seemed like a hall connecting to another building.
“Come on,” said Rukaryo stepping into it. As soon as he took a step forward, a thick wall quickly came down behind him and separated him from Shawn. Rukaryo ran back to the wall, banged on it and shouted. “shawn! shawn! where are you?”
“I’m behind the wall!” Shawn screamed back. 
“what happened?” Asked Rukaryo.
“i don’t know!” 
“we don’t have a choice now! we have to split up!” 
“that’s what I’m worried about!” 
Rukaryo turn around and continued walking down the hall slowly and cautiously. He came to the end where he heard the sound of footsteps slowly walking toward him from another connecting passageway. He waited a bit, then quickly jumped out and swung his spear in the direction of the sound. Before he could land a hit, he noticed it was Maya walking up to him. Rukaryo instinctively curve his hand giving her room to dodge the attack. 
 “what the hell were you THINKING?” She shouted.
“I thought you were the enemy. I’m sorry.” Said Rukaryo. 
Maya took a few deep breaths and calmed herself down. “Where’s Shawn?” She asked.
“Don’t know. We got separated.”
“Yeah, the same thing happened to me and Cid. I’m starting to think this whole thing was a setup to trap us individually. They may have wanted us to get into the castle.”
“Maybe, we did destroy the Gateway, so I’m not too sure they would stick around for us.” Said Rukaryo. “But the scientists are still here, let’s continue.”

Shawn walked cautiously through the castle. This place is like a maze, he thought. As he took another step, he heard a voice calling his name. 
“Shawn!” The voice called. 
He looked toward the sound and saw Sneaux running to him.
“Hey,” Shawn said as he walked to Sneaux, “did you get separated from your partner as well?”
“Yes.” Responded Sneaux.
“I’m starting to think that they were expecting us.” Said Shawn. 
“Well, have you had any luck?”
“No, this place is a labyrinth.” 
They suddenly heard some sounds of battle coming from the distance.
“Come on, it sounds like trouble.” said Sneaux as he sprang toward the sound, followed by Shawn.

On another part of the castle, Cid, Maya’s teammate, walked cautiously through the castle; keeping all his focus on the surroundings. Suddenly, he noticed a stairway and walked down on it. Once he had reached the bottom, he was shock to realize that Benson, Sneaux’s teammate, was standing in front of a metal door.
“Benson!” Cid Called.
Benson immediately turned to him. “Cid! Boy, am I glad to see you.”
“Where’s Sneaux?” Cid Asked
“We got separated.” 
“So did Maya and I. What’s behind that door?” Asked Cid.
“I’m pretty sure it’s where they keep all their prisoners, I’m hoping the scientists are in there.” Benson answered. 
“Well, there’s only one way to find out.” Said Cid. 
Benson reached out and open the door, both walked into a big circular space, which had metal doors all around it. On each of the doors, there were little barred windows. 
“help us!” Came a voice from one of the doors.
Cid and Benson ran to the door and looked through the window. They could see people sitting around in what look like a small cell. One of the prisoners got up and walked up to the window.
“Are you guys the scientists from Robant?” Asked Cid.
“Yes,” the man answered. “I’m Dr. Bryan.”
“Well, don’t worry, we’ll get you out of here. Where’s the key?” Asked Cid. 
“I have it,” came a voice from behind them. They both turned around and saw the Summoner Max. He was swinging around a glass card with a thin rope attached to it. He then put it around his neck, and his demon, Ifrit, appeared in front of him. “You want it?” Max said. “Come and get it.”
Cid drew his long battle-ax and Benson drew his large hammer. The two Arcs quickly lunged toward Max and Ifrit.
“Go!” said Max, and Ifrit ignited his body and lunged toward the Arcs.


Meanwhile, Shawn and Sneaux followed the sound of battle until they reach a large room, with a tall door at the end of it. 
“That must lead outside to the castle.” Said Sneaux.
“Looks like we went the wrong way.” Replied Shawn.
“No,” came a voice from behind them. “You’re exactly where I want you to be...”
As they turned around, they saw the demon Nue with his Summoner Klide standing behind him.
“Oh no.” Said Sneaux.
“Who is he?” Asked Shawn.
“He is Nue, Sabola’s demon general.” Answered Sneaux. 
“Is he tough?” Asked Shawn. 
“Very, one thing about him is that his Summoner Klide never gets involved with his battles. I want you to keep an eye on him. Watch everywhere Klide goes while we engage Nue. As soon as we get an open opportunity, I’ll hold Nue off and you take out Klide. Of course Nue will do everything he can to stop us from getting to him, so we have to injure him a little to slow him down.”
“Okay.” Said Shawn. Then both Sneaux and Shawn drew their weapons.
“Finally,” said Nue. “I thought we were just going to stand here and look at each other all day.”
The Arcs and Nue ran toward each other.

Meanwhile across the castle, Ifrit lashed out with his claws, but Cid blocked the attack with a swing of his ax. 
Benson quickly jumped into the air, and at that moment, he landed and swung his hammer down causing a shock wave to the area. 
Ifrit and Max quickly sprang up into the air, evading the wave. While they were in the air, Cid pulled out his gun and opened fire at Max.
But Max swung his sword and deflected the shots. Once they landed, Ifrit quickly ignited his body and rushed toward the Arcs.

Back near the entrance of the castle, Sneaux and Shawn swung their weapons at Nue in a synchronized motion, but Nue knew how to deflect all their effort.
At some point, Nue quickly spun around and kicked them both backward.
Shawn aimed his gun and pulled the trigger, Nue flipped back, dodging the shot again. Just as he landed from the flip, Sneaux launched forward with a swinging of his sword, but Nue spun his body around ending up behind Sneaux. Once he got behind, Nue threw his palms forward and emitted a force that threw Sneaux several feet away, and crashing into a wall. Nue then turned to Shawn and rushed toward him.

Back at the prison, Cid and Benson rolled to opposite sides evading Ifrit’s attack. Ifrit flew around the room, in a gust of flames, and headed toward the two Arcs. Cid pulled a small ax from his belt and threw it at Ifrit; but the demon swung his claws and knocked it out of his way.
“Let me handle this,” said Benson as he stepped in front of Cid. He swung his hammer around in a constant circular motion, as Ifrit rushed toward him. Once the demon got close, he swung it down and created a great shock wave that caused Ifrit to fly back against the wall, then sent him falling to the floor.
Ifrit slowly stood up in pain; Benson rushed toward him and swung his hammer hitting him on his rib cage, which caused him to fly several feet away, crashing to the floor. Max rushed toward Benson but Cid quickly cut him off and swung his ax hitting him in the chest region, sending him straight into the wall. 
Benson quickly rushed toward Max and swung his hammer as hard as he could. It hit Max on the head, knocking him unconscious immediately, causing his demon to evaporate into the air. Benson reached for Max’s neck and grabbed the keys to the prison cells, then snapped it off, “Now let’s get those scientists out of here.”

Meanwhile, Nue was heading straight toward Shawn. Nue roughly swung his right arm punching Shawn in his face, then swung his left arm punching him in the stomach region. As if choreographed, Nue spun around and kicked him, slamming his body to the floor; upon impact the floor cracked.
Sneaux ran up from behind Nue and swung his sword. Nue quickly leaned to the right and dodged the attack, and then he spun around toward Sneaux with his knee lifted straight into Sneaux’s chest, making him fly back several feet. As Sneaux landed, Nue rushed towards him, grabbed Sneaux and tossed him several feet away to the floor. Once Nue realized how weakened Sneaux seemed to be, he turned his attention back to Shawn.
“I’ll finish you first and then I’ll worry about him,” Said Nue as he stepped closer toward Shawn.
Nue lifted his right hand and his sharp claws emerged. He quickly swung them down toward Shawn in order to finish him off, but before he could strike his final blow; Nue suddenly burst into flames and quickly disintegrate. Shawn looked ahead and saw that Sneaux had stabbed Nue’s Summoner Klide through the chest.
	 “That’s the problem with being summoned,” Sneaux whispered. “Kill the Summoner and the demon falls.”
CHAPTER XVII
Traiven walked slowly through the empty castle, surrounded by the sounds of battled just outside of its walls. His head was down and he was still sad from his recent choice to take Anya’s life. The vast emptiness of the area around seemed to mimic his emotions exactly. 
Traiven continued to walk until he reached the large courtyard with the wrecked Juno ship, he and Shawn had piloted to Sabola. Beneath the wreckage was the damaged Gateway and high above it was the large command center of the castle, hanging up on diagonal pillars.
Traiven continued to walk further into the courtyard in hopes to find an exit on the other side that would get him closer to the outside of the castle.
“I saw your battle with that Summoner,” came a familiar voice that stopped Traiven in his tracks. “You have gotten better.”
Traiven looked up following the direction of the voice. He saw Moth sitting on top the wrecked ship, in the center of the courtyard.
Traiven strained his fist with anger and replied. “What do you want? The war is over and the Summoners have fallen.” Traiven said. 
Moth simply smiled and replied. “It was never about the Summoners, I really don’t like them, and I am done with them as a client. But before I cut them off completely, there’s one last task I had promised to complete… and that’s to kill you.” Moth said this while still sitting on the wreckage. “First let me ask you a question.” Moth added, “How does it feel to finally take a life, especially one of a Summoner.”
Traiven stared at Moth in silence as the anger built up inside him.
Moth continued, “I don’t blame you, they truly are traders of Eden. Honestly death was too good for her.”
“No,” replied Traiven in a silent tone, while struggling to hold back tears. “She was different.”
Moth laughed, “Ha, if you think that then you truly are naive. What exactly made her different, her pretty face or her charm? She was playing you, just as all Summoners do. And from what I saw, she was ready to kill you and your friend without a single hint of remorse.”
“SHUT UP!” Shouted Traiven in anger, as he grew tired of hearing Moth’s insults of Anya.
 “One can see straight through you, angel boy.” Said Moth. He then jumped down from the ship. “It seems to me like you’ve made of the mistake of falling into her trap and developed feelings for her. Of course she did underestimate your strength. You surprised even me, when you took her life. But you don’t have to worry about being separated from her for long; cause I’ll be sending you to join her in a few minutes.” 
Traiven put his head down and thought for a second; trying to calm himself down and regain focus. After a few breaths he was able to gain control of his emotions and ready himself for his current threat of facing Moth. Traiven finally lifted his head and asked. “Moth can I ask you a question?”
Moth tilted his head in confusion to Traiven’s sudden request. He had begun to notice a slight change in Traiven’s focus, and decided to humor him, “I guess I could give you that.” 
Traiven took a deep breath then spoke. “Are you the last Nephilim?”
Moth again leaned back and laughed, “Ha, have you lost your mind?”
“You have the powers of an Arc, yet there are no Arcs unaccounted for.”  Traiven said. “You claim to be an assassin, yet you possess honor. I personally think it’s a heart. That’s why you didn’t kill me when you had the chance, you have a conscience.”
“That doesn’t mean I’m a Nephilim.” Moth replied. 
“You can’t deny that your conscience is guiding you to do what’s right Moth. That’s why I couldn’t turn my back on the Federation and go home, it’s the conscience of an Angel.”
“You are so ignorant.” Replied Moth. “I’m going to enjoy killing you even more now.” 
Traiven tightened the grip of his new sword and spoke in full confidence. “Try it, but I don’t think you’ll have the heart to finish me off.”

Traiven and Moth stared at each other for a brief moment. Then Moth strained his fists and both immediately rushed toward each other and locked blades. At a point, they kicked back, sliding several feet backward in opposite directions. They stared at each other for a few seconds again, and then Traiven quickly launched forward swinging his sword. Moth lifted his right blade and blocked the attack. He then swung his left blade, hitting Traiven on his legs. Spinning around, he kicked Traiven’s back with his right legs, causing him to fly several feet back crashing to the ground. 
Traiven recovered quickly and noticed Moth falling toward him, with his right blade cocked backward. Just as Moth got close, he threw his right blade forward toward Traiven’s chest, but Traiven flipped backward evading the attack sending Moth’s blade straight into the ground. While Moth was struggling to pull his blade of the ground, Traiven jumped toward him swinging his sword. Moth quickly freed his blade from the ground, then jumped back into the air, dodging Traiven’s attack. Traiven jumped after Moth in the air, swinging his sword furiously in all directions. Moth wasn’t a rookie in mid-air combat, and blocked every attack with ease.
Once they both landed back on the surface, Traiven threw his right palm forward emitting a force of energy; but Moth stood in one position, spinning around to create a tornado that deflected Traiven’s force. In completion of his spin, his body shot forward hitting Traiven, knocking him to the ground. 
Just as Traiven stood up, Moth rushed in and hit him with his right blade, followed by his left. 
He then threw his right palm forward and emitted a powerful force of energy that threw Traiven several yards, crashing him into the wall of the courtyard, causing it to crack. 
Traiven fell to his knees in pain. Moth slowly walked up to him saying, “Is that all you’ve got? I’ve expected a lot more from a Nephilim.”
	Traiven, strained with anger tightened his grip on his sword, then swung it at Moth. Moth leaned to the left as the blade wafts past his ears. He lifted his knee and kicked Traiven in his chest, following it up by grabbing Traiven and throwing him into the air.
“I’M GOING TO FINISH YOU ONCE AND FOR ALL!” Moth shouted. He then bent his legs and concentrated. His blades began to flow bright with energy and he jumped into the air.
After flying several yards up, Traiven stopped and began to fall back down. He noticed Moth coming towards him and was too weak to evade.
So this is it? Traiven thought. This is how I die? He closed his eyes shut while exhaling out loud.  Flashbacks of his times as an Arc started flashing in his mind.
	Everyone’s expecting so much from me, and I’m going to disappoint them all.
Locked in thought, a winged image of a figure entered his mind. The figure seemed to be standing in front of a bright light making it hard for Traiven to make out any facial details. 
Don’t give up, it whispered.
But he’s too strong; I can’t win. Traiven thought in reply.
You have more power than you realize. Concentrate, and have faith…The image disappeared as the word faith faded into thin air. 
Traiven shook his head, opened his eyes and tightened his grip on his sword.
As Moth grew close he noticed something different about Traiven. He looked into his eyes and saw that they were glowing bright blue. As Moth got close he swung his blade at Traiven’s neck but Traiven calmly lifted his sword and blocked the attack, stopping Moth in mid air. He looked into Moth’s eyes while white, feathered wings suddenly ripped out from Traiven’s back.
Traiven threw his left palm forward and emitted a powerful force that sent Moth crashing to the ground. As Moth struggled to stand up he saw Traiven slowly float down in front of him, with his newly formed wings waving in the air.
Moth grew an evil grin, “Finally, a real fight.”
They jumped back in opposite directions then lunged towards each other locking blades. They constantly swung at each other, but each swing was blocked by the next. They jumped back again. Traiven quickly lifted his right hand and caused a bolt of lighting to strike down towards Moth. Moth quickly evaded it and threw out a few metal discs at Traiven, but as the discs reached half of its destination; it stopped in mid-air for a second, then fell lifelessly to the ground. 
Traiven tightened his grip on his sword; the sword began to fill with energy. Moth also squeezed his fists and his blades and focused. Staring at each other, both roughly kicked off the ground and launched toward each other. Just as they got close, there was a big explosion from the castle. Smoke filled the air blinding them both. When the smoke finally cleared, Federation forces rushed into the area and Moth was gone. Traiven was bent over the ground breathing heavily in exhaustion. His body was back to its original state. At the moment, the other Arcs ran out toward him.
“Are you okay?” Asked Rukaryo.
“Fine…Just fine,” answered Traiven.
“What happened?” Asked Shawn.
“Moth, but he got away,” answered Traiven.
Rukaryo gave a sigh in disappointed, “Well so did Lance, but at least the scientists are safe.”
“We did manage to take Sabola,” said Sneaux walking up to them. “Meaning victory is ours.” He added
“So is it over?” Asked Traiven.
“For now…” Answered Rukaryo. “…But I have a feeling that there is a greater battle to come.”

Far from the planet, Lance stared out the window of his ship and watched from a distance as the Federation, Robant and Sarazetty forces surrounded his planet. He then noticed a smaller ship fleeing from the planet, unnoticed by the fleets. This ship was grey and shaped like a triangle. Lance gave a grin as he realized the ship belonged to Moth. Lance then turned back toward his former planet and thought; Enjoy your victory for now, because very soon…The Demon Empire will rise, and this time, it won’t be so easy to beat us.

Meanwhile on Moth’s ship, Moth was standing in front of a large screen, speaking to a mysterious stranger about his recent actions.
“Just as you said.” Stated Moth. “All Traiven needed was a little incentive to awaken his true power.”
“As for the Summoners?” asked the stranger. “Lance got away, but the Gateway was destroyed; and so was the Eye of Eden.”
“I see.” Replied the stranger. “Return home for now. We need to discuss our next plan of action.”
Moth nodded his head and the screen shut off, revealing the sight of outer space before his ship.
“Computer!” called Moth as he turned and began to walk toward the back of his ship. “Status report?”
“Regeneration at ten percent.” Said computer. “Life force stable.”
“Luckily I was able to get to her in time to revive her.” Replied Moth as he walked to his regeneration capsule.
Moth looked into the capsule and saw Anya strapped in, unconscious, with a dark blue mechanical helmet on her head that kept her life stable. Orange steam within the capsule was repairing her wounded body. 
Moth gave a grin and thought, Don’t die on me yet Anya, your use hasn’t expired yet.
