THE CLOCKWORK COMPANION

Mrs. McGillicuddy #0

By

K. H. Koehler

Smashwords Edition

“The Clockwork Vampire: A Steampunk Tale” Copyright © 2011 by K. H. Koehler

A Clockwork Vampire: A Mrs. McGillicuddy Mystery Copyright © 2011 by K. H. Koehler

“Steampunk: Modern and Classic Worlds Combined” Copyright © 2011 by Louise Bohmer

Cover art design by K. H. Koehler

This digital chapbook includes adult content. It is intended for a mature audience. 

This document is shareware and you may download and distribute it so long as the document remains unaltered in any way. The material contained within this document is Copyrighted to its respective owners. For information, contact the publisher.

K.H. Koehler Books
http://khkoehlerbooks.wordpress.com


***

CONTENTS:

Steampunk: Modern and Classic Worlds Combined
 by Louise Bohmer

Glossary

A Clockwork Vampire Suggested Playlist

The Clockwork Vampire: A Steampunk Tale

Excerpt: A Clockwork Vampire

Endnotes

***

STEAMPUNK: 
Modern and Classic Worlds Combined
by Louise Bohmer

Steampunk takes you to a world where gears, clockwork, and steam reign supreme. Plucky girls in goggles and eccentric inventors abound. I've always been fond of eccentric inventors, and I'm a fan of H.G. Wells' The Time Machine. So it's no wonder this genre, with promises of dirigible rides and the possibilities of imagination, lured me in.

Admittedly, I'm a newcomer to steampunk, but this genre is not as new as the reader might think. While the term didn't originate until the 1980s, works of fiction that are considered a part of the genre can be traced back to the 1960s and 1970s (such as James Blaylock's Morlock Night). Steampunk's roots, it could be said, go back to the scientific romances produced by Shelley, Wells, and Verne. 

So what is steampunk? A brief definition: a genre in which stories are comprised mainly of a setting ruled by steam. But steampunk is more than that. The influence of this aesthetic has floated over into music and fashion. A pseudo-Victorian world meets modern day look is cropping up everywhere, and its influence, in my opinion, will continue to grow. One reason? Steampunk very much mirrors where we are now. Society, that is. The technological boom of the 21st century, in many ways, is similar to the explosion of invention Victorians experienced during the Industrial Revolution. We've come full circle, and old meets new. Makes sense to me. 

With steampunk offerings from authors Cherie Priest and K.H. Koehler, monsters are added to the mix. Zombies and vampires to be exact. Priest's tale gives us zombies, produced when a mad scientist releases a poisonous gas, thanks to a massive tunnelling machine. Koehler's story takes you to an alternate New York City, powered by high technology and steam, where non-humans, among them vampires and shapeshifters, fight for civil rights. 

Herein lies the beauty of the steampunk genre: its flexibility. As long as the narrative embodies the heart of steampunk—a world ruled by steam and innovation—there are a lot of tropes and other genre elements writers can incorporate. The imagination is given the power to soar (dirigible pun intended). Already steampunk romance and steampunk erotic romance titles are being published. So pull on your goggles, hitch a ride on a dirigible, and enjoy the creative innovation that is steampunk—a concoction of speculative fiction, fantasy, science fiction, and alternative history genres. 

***

GLOSSARY
or
Your Guide to Mrs. McGillicuddy’s Universe


Bloodkinetic – A vampire who can control the flow and movement of blood within other beings.

Boomer – A small handgun that emits a high frequency “boom” that can disrupt molecules.

Cesar – Foxley’s head of security at one of his many casinos. Later he becomes part of Edwin’s Court.

Chimera – A vampire assassin hired by Foxley to retrieve Eliza after she escapes. He once shot Edwin through the heart. 

Court – A family of vampires all belonging to the same bloodline, headed by a Lord or Lady.

Courtesan/Courtier – A Poppet who works as a professional “companion” to a vampire. The formal name for a Pleasure Poppet. 

Derek Wall – A Poppet who works as a hustler and gambler in a casino down in Poppettown. Also, Eliza’s old flame. 

Doctor Blood – A fictional character in the Doctor Blood, Vampire Detective series of pulp novels, written by Edwin under his pseudonym of “O. E. Wodehouse”. Loosely autobiographical. 

Doctor Grott – A friend of Eliza’s and inventor of the “machine-men”. He was both Eliza and Maria’s mentor. 

Edwin Oliver Wodehouse McGillicuddy – A vampire Lord and former “Enforcer” who worked under contract for Lord Foxley for two hundred years. Eliza’s husband. He has a clockwork heart.

Eliza McGillicuddy – A former vampire Courtesan, now a watchmaker and an inventor of weapons. She’s the heroine of our story and the inventor of Edwin’s clockwork heart. 

El Mal de Amor – Literally “The Lovesickness”. Lady Espirito’s pet name for Edwin due to his habit of inducing delirium in those he bites. 

Enforcer – A vampire who acts as a right-hand man to a powerful vampire Lord or Lady. Enforcers carry out the wills and desires of their masters. 

Favorite – A “chosen human” of a vampire Lord or Lady. Usually places the human next in line to receive an Inheritance. Can also be a spouse or lover. 

The Gypsy Queen – Lord Foxley’s gyro and the home base of his operations. The Gypsy Queen is the largest gyro in the world.

Gyro – Giant spherical airships that can contain whole ecosystems. Favored by vampires because they can rotate against the rising of the sun, allowing the vampires to design their day to their liking. 

Heir – The formal name of a vampire’s progeny. An Heir is blood-bound to his or her master for a specific amount of time. They are usually extremely loyal to their makers. Heirs generally take around 200 years to become their own Lord, though some mature much faster. 

The Hive – The secret organization whispered about in the underground.

Inheritance – A euphemism for vampirism. A vampire Lord can pass on many Inheritances within his lifetime, but usually reserves the majority of his power for one special Heir, as in Foxley’s case. 

Lord/Lady – A vampire who has come fully into his or her power. Usually, but not always, the head of a Court. 

Lady Claire – Lord Foxley’s new Enforcer, who came to replace Edwin when he left Foxley’s Court. 

Lord Foxley – Edwin’s master and maker. A tyrannically cruel “man”. He owns the Gypsy Queen. 

Mark – A sign of ownership that a vampire is able to place upon a human or another vampire. Marks often entitle the human or vampire to share in the master’s natural abilities, but also makes the receiver of the mark susceptible to the master’s will.  

Mr. Stephen – Lord Foxley’s favorite Courtier, and his personal valet.

Mr. Laurel – Another of Lord Foxley’s Courtiers. Eliza calls him her least favorite of the “Brides of Dracula”. 

Nonhuman – The politically correct name for a vampire, shapeshifter or other supernatural being. 

Out of Time – The name of Eliza’s watch repair shop. The place where she and Edwin first met. Located in downtown Brooklyn. 

Poppet – A biologically “perfected” clone without human rights. They are usually divided up into different castes: Pleasure Poppets, Worker Poppets, etc. 

Poppettown – The underground slum where Worker Poppets live and run the city via the great steam machines. 

The Prince - Edwin’s nickname. So named because he was once the top Enforcer to Foxley, the “King of the World.” Also a disparaging reference to him being the “Prince of Hell”, a.k.a, the Devil. 

Red Collar – A professional mercenary.

The Red Doors – A secret underground railroad that helps Poppets escape cruel masters.

Robert and Juliana Huntington – Eliza and Edwin’s best friends, another “mixed couple,” as Juliana is human and her husband Robert is a were-leopard. 

Scholomances – Academies that train Pleasure Poppets to serve their vampire masters.

Snake Eyes – A combination gambler/hustler, so named because spending a night with one renders you “snake eyes,” or double zero’s—no money and a broken heart.  

Techkinetic – Any being who can mentally control machines and computers. 

Tokyo Hoes – An anime-inspired underground club in Poppettown. 

The Vampire Bill – Informal name of the human rights addendum being passed through Congress at the time of the story. If passed, it would grant vampires the same rights as humans. 

Vamps – Vampires, the undead. Makes up a large portion of the nonhuman minority. Social creatures inclined to much internal squabbling. 

Werewolves and Were-leopards – Another portion of the nonhuman minority. More aloof, independent and reserved than vampires. 

***

A CLOCKWORK VAMPIRE
SUGGESTED PLAYLIST
For Your Listening Pleasure


Deadmau5 – Clockwork (“Main Theme”)
The Levellers – Beautiful Day (“New York City”)
Muse – Undisclosed Desires (“Edwin's Theme”)
Genitorturers - Stitch In Time (Dave Ogilvie & Scott Humphrey Mix) (“The Gypsy Queen”)
Fergie - London Bridge (Blix Metal Version) (“Foxley’s Theme”)
Bella Morte – Soma (“El Mal de Amor”)
MGMT – Electric Feel (“Eliza’s Theme”)
Evanescence – Heart Shaped Box (“The Break-up”)
Tones on Tail – Happiness (“Foxley's Orgy”)
Smashing Pumpkins – Where Boys Fear To Tread (“Poppettown”)
Viola – Chains Around my Heart (“Edwin and Eliza’s Theme”)
Cyriak – Meow (“End Fight”)
Listen to the actual playlist at:
http://8tracks.com/khkoehler/a-clockwork-vampire-book-soundtrack

***

THE CLOCKWORK VAMPIRE
A Steampunk Tale
by
K. H. Koehler


Author’s note: “A Clockwork Vampire” is a chapter that was edited out of the final version of A Clockwork Vampire. It appears between Chapters 7 and 8, at the point where Eliza is recovering from her gunshot wound at Derek’s penthouse. I originally felt that a break in the action to recount Edwin and Eliza’s first meeting was in order, particularly since Eliza is reconsidering her life with Edwin at the time, but in the end I felt that the chapter slowed the book down too much. As a result, it ended up on the “cutting room floor”. Still, I think it’s a great chapter and so decided to keep it as a “deleted scene”. Enjoy. 

 
A noise had awakened her. 

Eliza sat up in bed in her loft apartment above her store, Out of Time, and listened carefully, suddenly on full alert. She heard the clicks of the collection of clocks on the walls surrounding her and the hiss of rain from outside her window, beating down relentlessly on Flatbush Avenue. But otherwise, everything seemed normal and mundane. 

Yet something had awakened her. She was sure of it. 

The drapes were drawn back, letting in the runny neon glow of the tavern across the street. It allowed her to see in patches of flickering red light. She was alone. Nothing was out of place. Nothing was ever out of place. And yet, the feeling of danger, of a presence, was so strong, that she drew back the bedclothes, being as silent as possible, and climbed out of bed. 

She fumbled for the light on the bedside table, but a sharp click, followed by more darkness, proved the storm had finally had its way. In seconds, she was out of bed, rummaging around for a flashlight. That was when she heard the muffled thump from downstairs. She held perfectly still, her ears straining for any new noises. Her heart was thudding in her throat. Slowly she reached for the phone on the nightstand and lifted it to her ear. She listened to the dial tone for a moment before realizing the futility of calling the police. Police officers asked questions. They dug for details. They might ask too many questions. They might learn who she really was. She returned the phone to its cradle. She was on her own.

She moved to her dressing table, carrying the flashlight under one arm, and found a pair of haircutting scissors. Thus armed, she padded silently down the hallway to the top of the stairs. Lights flickered across her tiny shop as cars and cabs flowed by. Taking a deep breath, she started down, her bare feet silent on the curve of the iron stairs. Nothing looked disturbed or out of place. Maybe she’d been dreaming. Maybe. She hoped.

At the bottom of the stairs she looked around the shop, but there was nothing to see. The storm had knocked out even the lights on the avenue now. She might as well be staring down into a black pit. She let out her breath in frustration, her patience frayed. “If someone is here, you’d better show yourself now.”

She steeled herself for an attack, fingers clenched about the scissors. If it was a burglar, or a kid looking for drugs, she could probably handle them. Probably.

No answer. Gripping the steel scissors even tighter, she moved carefully to the door, which was ajar. The lock was broken, the carpeting wet from the rain. Her heart was ticking in her throat very loudly but she refused to be cowed by some drunk or drug addict. Probably they’d meant to break into the pharmacy next door, then realized their error and left just as quickly as they had come. The pharmacy next door was always being tossed; it was one of the reasons she had gotten such a deal on the shop. 

A sound made her jump. She turned and shone the flashlight all around the shop, but the light was dim and barely pierced the darkness surrounding her, making her feel like she was swimming in a sea of blackness. The shop was tiny and crowded, everything in muted grey shapes. But there was only one place for a burglar to hide, she knew. She turned the flashlight on the glass display case and heard a faint rustling noise emanating from behind it.

“Who are you?” she demanded to know, now more angry than afraid. She was strong enough, fast enough. She could outmaneuver most humans. “I mean to call the police!”

Still no answer. She took a wary step toward the display case, but a nervous shuffling made her hesitate. Her eyes had adjusted sufficiently enough to make out a manlike form crouched in the corner behind the counter. She turned the flashlight on him. “I don’t know who you are, but you can’t stay here. I’ll call the police and they’ll come for you!”

“Please,” a man said at last, shielding his face with his hand, “don’t.” He sounded hoarse and tired. 

“I’m not kidding,” Eliza said, less angry now. He sounded like a man in trouble, a man in pain. Not that she was willing to drop her guard. This was New York City at two o’clock in the morning. “I don’t care what kind of trouble you’re in, I want you out of here now.” She took another wary step toward the display case.

The stranger was very tall, thin, but still imposing, dressed in a filthy wet coat, his damp hair lashed to his face and cheeks. His face, carved in deep shadows, looked like something one would expect to see on an actor out of old Hollywood. It didn’t fit his ragged, vagrant image. More lightning flickered, and the sudden flash of light caught in the man’s eyes, making him blink. His eyes looked like polished mirrors, capturing the light and intensifying it. She saw the flicker of nervous wings…

Thunder churned overhead and Eliza nearly jumped. “You’re a vampire!” 

He flinched as if she had thrown something at him. “I’m very sorry, madam. I didn’t mean to frighten you. I was in a spot of bother, you see, and saw your shop, and I thought, perhaps…” His voice trailed away. He spoke with very round vowels and he clipped the ends of his words harshly, like he was pruning weeds. He sounded British, but without the smooth, rolling inflection that she usually associated with actors on TV. 

She swallowed, her heart fluttering almost painfully in her chest. “You can’t stay here,” she repeated. Her hand hurt where it was wrapped so tightly about the scissors. She had instinctively raised her hand as if to ward off an attack.

He didn’t take offense. “You’re right, of course.” He tried to push himself upright using the wall as support, but only managed a few inches before he fell back down with a grunt. 

She watched him carefully. “I can call for an ambulance.”

“I’m afraid they would be less then useless.” His voice held an amused note. “I’m already dead, you see.” She watched him try to rise again. Again he fell back, this time panting from the exertion. He was clutching his coat closed, but from between his fingers seeped a thick, almost tarry substance. Blood. He was bleeding to death. 

She stared at it curiously. “Why aren’t you healing? What’s the matter with you?”

He glanced up at her with those mirror-bright eyes. His mouth was rouged with blood, she noticed, but it was dark, like the substance he was leaking all over her carpet. She thought it was probably his own. “I had a rather unfortunate run-in with an enemy. Not one of my more shining moments, I’m afraid. I thought this might be a pharmacy, not that such a thing might be much help to someone like myself, but one can only hope…” Suddenly his eyes rolled up into his head and he slumped back down against the wall.

Eliza stood there, trembling. Was the vampire dead? 

She waited for what felt like an eternity, trying to decide if he was truly dead or not. She had never seen a truly dead vampire before; she didn’t know what one looked like. Slowly, she approached the vampire and knelt down in front of his seemingly lifeless body, shining the flashlight all over him. Despite being a Poppet, and spending three years at her master’s Court, vampires were still a curiosity to her. So perfectly formed and rich of face and voice, and yet there was something so cold and forbidden and alien about them, like beautiful, man-eating reptiles. 

The blood was drying on the vampire’s lips. The icy white fingers were clutched about the folds of the coat. Eliza was leaning forward to examine his wound more closely when the vampire’s golden-yellowy eyes flared open and he gasped for air and sat straight up. Eliza squeaked in surprise and fell back onto her bottom in front of him, dropping the scissors and the flashlight. The flashlight guttered out, but at the same moment, all the lights in the shop suddenly flashed back on. 

Eliza stared, dumbfounded, at her vampire visitor.

“Well, ‘ello there, madam,” said the vampire, who was absolutely gorgeous—handsome, devilish, unreal. Anyone who could look wet and miserable and disheveled and covered in blood and still be amazing to behold was someone to be admired. “Are you all right?”

She trembled. “You were dead!”

“That seems to be happening to me quite a lot of late.” 

“You keep dying?”

“Damned inconvenient, if you ask me.”

He looked so indignant that she almost laughed despite her surprise and her fear. She struggled to keep a straight face. “I take it you’re not here to ravish me, then.” She immediately regretted saying it. She sounded so forward! 

He looked her up and down rather sadly, making her acutely aware of the fact that she was wearing nothing but her sensible cotton nightgown. It made her want to cower, but if she did that, the vampire might sense her fear. “Unfortunately, no. I fear my nights of ravishing fair maiden are quite behind me.”

 “You’ve ravished many fair maidens then?”

“Millions, at least,” he insisted with a perfectly straight face. Then his eyes rolled up into his head and he slumped back against the wall again. 

Eliza waited. 

A few moments later the light flashed back into his eyes and the vampire sat up again and refocused on her. “Hello again.”

“That’s got to be annoying.”

“You’ve no idea.”

“What’s wrong with you?”

The vampire moved a fold of the coat aside to reveal a ragged, seeping black hole at roughly the place where his heart ought to be. Thin black blood bubbled forth from the wound.

“My God,” Eliza exclaimed. “That’s a bullet hole, Mr….?

“McGillicuddy,” he offered. 

“Mr. McGillicuddy,” she said with a nod. “It hasn’t killed you?”

“Not yet, though it appears to be working on that little detail, as it were.” 

She was leaning all the way forward to examine Mr. McGillicuddy’s wound. It took her a moment to realize that she was practically sitting in his lap. He could have snatched her any number of times. He could have attacked her. Eaten her. Yet she wasn’t afraid, and she didn’t even know why. “Do you want me to remove it?”

He looked surprise by her offer, like a man who was unused to kindness. “Perhaps…” he began, and then he slumped down again. 

This time Mr. McGillicuddy the vampire didn’t come round again. Eliza put her ear to his chest, but she could detect no heart beat, and when she took his big, cool hand in hers, she found he had no pulse. Was he really, truly dead this time? How could she tell? She sat back on her heels and thought about her options, which were few. She could call on the police and have them attend to Mr. McGillicuddy or she could do it herself.  

Without giving it too much thought, she climbed to her feet, got her arms around her visitor’s waist, and pulled. He was a very big vampire, but she was a very strong Poppet. She hauled the dead weight of his body up over her shoulder in a fireman’s carry and walked him into the workshop at the back of the store, setting him down on her workbench.

The fear was burning away. She was more curious than afraid now. She flicked on the overhead lights and proceeded to examine her patient. Her vampire had skin as white as milk, a stubborn jaw, and a head full of longish coppery hair just a little out of fashion. She touched it, surprised to find it softer than it looked. She started undressing him, taking off first the coat, then the suit jacket, waistcoat and dress shirt. He had been living hard; his clothes were fit only for burning. Naked to the waist, she discovered he was well formed, not like a Poppet with exaggerated musculature, but like a human man who had known hard labor early on in his mortal life—lean, powerful, a natural fighter’s build. 

The wound in his chest was open and awful, a large caliber handgun had put a ragged tunnel right through Mr. McGillicuddy’s heart, probably fired at close range, a hit that would have killed a mortal man dead on the spot. But there was less blood escaping the wound now. His body was shutting down, probably for the last time. He was dying by inches. But how did one save the life of a man who was already dead?

She turned and glanced around the workshop at all her shadowy machines sitting on shelves and in deep corners. Just about everything here ran on clockwork—gears operating on a basic, reliable escapement mechanism. Her mind jumped, making schematics in her brain. The idea interested her. She reached for a notepad that she kept on hand for writing down rough blueprints, and started sketching. When she’d finished, she had device much like an implantable artificial pacemaker. Only instead of producing electrical impulses to keep the heart beating, it would need to carry blood in and out of Mr. McGillicuddy’s damaged heart chambers. 

She felt a swell of excitement as she went to work. She worked all through the night transferring her vision on paper into the real thing. When she was finished, it was a delicate but powerful little device, and she felt very proud of herself. Wearing a pair of goggles that brought her magnification up to the level of an electron microscope, she inserted it into the hole in Mr. McGillicuddy’s heart, then went to work re-connecting the tubes and valves of his damaged heart chamber to her homemade pacemaker. She certainly wasn’t a surgeon, but years of removing blooding bracelets from Poppets’ wrists helped to guide her hands. In any event, she couldn’t exactly lose the patient. He was already dead, as white as virgin snow with almost no blood left in his body. 

She finished near morning and started binding Mr. McGillicuddy’s chest with bandages, leaving just enough space to insert a homemade key into the escapement mechanism and wind it. If this worked, the mechanism would need to be wound daily to start his heart. It should run for approximately twelve hours. After that, the pacemaker would need to rest and rest, after which it could be rewound. She keyed the device until she felt it reach its tension limit. Then she collapsed, exhausted, into a chair and waited, worrying that maybe she had done the wrong thing. 

Maybe Mr. McGillicuddy wasn’t a friendly vampire. Maybe his smile and humor was a mask…just a lure to draw in unwary victims. You couldn’t trust a vampire; they were made of blood and deceit. 

The escapement turned over, patiently clicking along, the noise strangely loud in the stillness of the early morning workshop. A final click indicated that it had completed its first rotation of the day. Eliza sat literally on the edge of her seat, holding her breath, wondering if it would actually work. In theory, it should be forcing the remnants of the vampire’s sluggish blood through his body and heart and, hopefully, back into to his brain. That should be enough to awaken him.

For many breathless moments nothing happened. Then Mr. McGillicuddy’s eyes flared open, looking pale golden under the harsh lights. He gasped for air, and his back arched as his whole body strained with sudden, forced life. He choked, then fell back on the workbench, looking sick and exhausted. But he was alive, at least. He was aware. 

Eliza was on her feet in no time, standing over him like Victor von Frankenstein watching his amazing creation spring to life. Mr. McGillicuddy started gasping, licking his parched and broken lips. He was a vampire. He needed blood, of course. Blood to keep his clockwork heart alive. The next few moments were crucial.

She had to be brave. She reached for a sterilized scalpel and drew the edge through the skin on the underside of her forearm without stopping to think much about it. If she thought about it, she wouldn’t do it, she new. She felt no immediate pain, just the strange tingling sensation of a perfect, smooth-sided surgical incision. She turned her arm and lowered it so the first obscenely bright red droplets of her blood hit Mr. McGillicuddy’s mouth. He licked at it, savoring her taste with closed eyes. She shivered at the sight. She forced herself to lower her arm until he was able to lick her blood directly from the wound. Slowly he reached for her arm, held it to his mouth, and began suckling from her wound. She closed her eyes and grunted at the sensation.

She waited. After a few moments, he released his hold on her arm. He was watching her with something like wonder.

“It’s daytime,” she said. She stared down into his fierce, golden-yellowy eyes. “You should rest now.” She reached for bandages to bind her wound. “I’ll check on you tonight.”

Her day in the shop seemed to drag, each hour a painful eternity. By nightfall, she was jittery with excitement. She closed the shop an hour early and took a steam cab uptown to Market Row. There she shopped for her vampire visitor. She bought a bottle of synthetic blood and a change of clothes for Mr. McGillicuddy. She realized after a while that she hadn’t eaten all day, but it was just as well. There was no way she could stomach dinner when all she could think about was her marvelous invention animating a dead man!

Mr. McGillicuddy was standing by her shelves, amusing himself with her little devices, when she let herself in. He was dressed in his long black dress slacks and open dress shirt, complete with bloodstains. He looked up as she approached, noted the bottle and the bundle of clothes she carried, then immediately turned his full attention back to her face. 

“I brought you some things,” she said lamely. She’d had no idea what to buy for him, and his size had limited her options, so she’d just bought everything in the tallest sizes available. It was not very fashionable wear, in distinctively non-vampire colors, but she hoped he wouldn’t mind.

He approached her, filling the small workshop with his presence, making her heart trip in her chest like she was the one with the bad mechanical heart. He took a shirt from her, examined it, and then smiled. “Awful kind of you, madam,” he said in a courtly way. He took her hand and brought the knuckles of her hand to his lips. 

She trembled, partly in excitement, mostly in fear. All the vampires she had known as a young Poppet had been just as courtly, at least until they got you in bed. 

He let her go. “I won’t harm you, madam, I assure you.” He maintained his smile, close-lipped, revealing nothing. “Unless, of course, you wanted me to.”

She blushed. She knew he was kidding, but it still made her uneasy. She set the bottle down on the bench beside him. This close, she couldn’t help but be affected by his presence, huge, frightening, a mystery. He held very still as he watched her, as if afraid he might spook her by moving. The silence stretched on between them until she said, “How do you feel?”

“Alive.” He moved his hand to his heart with wonder. “You did an excellent job of fixing me, madam.”

“May I see?”

He moved the shirt aside for her inspection. 

He had removed the bandages, and the sutures she had used to bind the wound in his chest had already melted away, leaving it whole and unblemished, like he had never been injured. His chest was broad and pale white, with a shallow mat of blond fur several shades lighter than his hair encircling his nipples and moving downward over his chest and belly. He was very smooth otherwise; even the pale reddish beard at his jawline and throat looked like vellum. She touched his chest tentatively. She started to explain about the clockwork heart, how it was necessary that it be wound once daily to animate his body. The torque in the pacemaker was only designed to hold a tension for half a day, much like a clock. At the end of each active period he could expect to fall into a kind of cataleptic sleep, giving the device a chance to rest and reset itself. After a few hours of sleep, he would need someone to apply the key again. She was still explaining these things when she felt his hand go to the nape of her neck and lightly touch her there, the feeling electric. 

Somehow, they had drifted closer. She was all but leaning against him when she finally realized what was happening. She tried to draw back, but he had her, and he wasn’t about to let her go. He ducked his head and she felt the coolness of his brief kiss near her hairline, very light, and the brief scratch of his beard. She smelled his subtle, spicy cologne. Her heart jumped and she took a quick step back. 

He held very still, sensing her unease. He looked at her solemnly with his fierce, wolfish eyes. “Forgive me, my lady. I am most grateful and would like to repay you in some way for what you have done. He looked at her so intensely that it made her stomach flip over. “I’m afraid I have no money at present. However, I am completely at your disposal.” He smirked and gave her a courtly bow. “A most obedient servant.”

It took her a moment to realize he was waiting for her instructions. “Oh.” She glanced about the workshop, which was a terrible shambles of late. “You might clean the workshop for me. That would be very useful.”

“As my lady commands.” He smiled, showing beautiful ivory teeth and, for one brief heartbeat, very small, catlike incisors.

She watched him steadfastly. “I would certainly appreciate the extra help. But you can’t stay here. I have a bedroom upstairs.”

He went to the workbench and sat down, stretching out his long, long legs. “A bedroom. I see.” He smirked as if she’d just made a witty joke. He sat with his back painfully straight, not stooping like very tall men often do. It made him seem ever larger and more imposing. His wings, when he stretched them out, were a dark, shining wine red. The open shirt revealed his expanse of pale, sunless chest, and the soft edge of hair that glittered gold under the lights. His dress trousers molded about his calves and thighs most stunningly. His smile grew as he watched her examine him. “Will you be there?” 

She jerked her attention around to his eyes. “What?”

“We’ll share your bedroom?” he asked, making it sound like a reasonable question when it was nothing of the sort. 

She couldn’t tell if he was joking or being perfectly serious. “I thought…you can have it during the day. You do sleep during the day?”

“I sleep when I tire,” he answered. He saw the silent question in her face and elaborated by saying, “I’m very old, madam, and the older the vampire, the less sleep we require. Over the decades our bodies adjust themselves to work on virtually no sleep at all, storing up a sleep debt that can then be paid off by hibernating for years at a time. Things are rather more convenient that way. However, it would seem since I have this…disability…now, and shall have to work on a more traditional schedule.” 

“Then we can share the bed.” She realized what she’d just said and closed her eyes and corrected herself. “I mean…since there’s only one bed, you can have it during the day, and I’ll have it at night.”

“Quite sensible.” He continued to stare at her so intently that it made her quiver deep inside. One of two things were going to happen in the next few minutes, she realized. She was either going to have to go to him and run her hands over that smooth expanse of chest and feel that golden hair under her fingers and have him kiss and lick her all over, or she was going to have to run away.

She chose to run. It was the more sensible thing to do. Practical. And she was a very practical woman. “Goodnight, Mr. McGillicuddy,” she said and turned to walk out of the workshop, acutely aware of how he was watching her, his eyes roving over her with every step. 

***

They worked out an amicable schedule between them. During the day, Mr. McGillicuddy slept in her bed and she tended the shop. In the evening, she wound him up and took his place in bed, carefully changing the sheets as soon as he had left her bedroom. She did not want to sleep in sheets that had been touched by a vampire. At night, Mr. McGillicuddy watched the shop and tidied up her workshop, which had fallen into near ruin in the years since she’d opened her establishment. He even cooked well, which surprised her some.

One the third day, he surprised her by making a shepherd’s pie for dinner. She didn’t know what to say as she came down the stairs, led by her nose. The smells were divine and were not known to emanate from her kitchen. She pointed out to Mr. McGillicuddy that the stove cooked for her, but he insisted on doing it “the old fashioned way,” which was, according to Mr. McGillicuddy, the only way one could truly enjoy a shepherd’s pie. 

He scooped up a small portion and offered her the plate, carefully warmed in the oven. He was being so sweet that she let him seat her and practically spoon-feed her the warm, creamy potatoes and beef. She ate a few ladylike bites and dutifully thanked him. And then, when he’d gone off to clean the storeroom and she was comfortably alone, she consumed the rest of his pie. 

***

On the fifth night, Raymond called on her. He said he had tickets for the new Faust musical. She had been seeing him on and off for around two months, though nothing serious had come of it, at least not yet. He was the grandson of one of her clients, a very nice young man who worked as a junior partner in his father’s law office. She closed the shop early and spent the next two hours trying to find something appropriate to wear. She was perfectly on the mark with her fashion sense until she had to entertain gentlemanly company. Then it seemed she had nothing in her closet that didn’t resemble a weary, shapeless rag.

She was tightening the corset of her gown when she realized she did not want to go out tonight. She did not want to see Raymond. Her hair was a mess from all the humidity the city was experiencing, and the white moiré gown she had bought for just such engagements made her look like a pale elephant. She did not know why she had bought white. White only made you look fat. For no reason at all, she sat down at her dressing table and started to cry.

She hadn’t cried in a good long time, and the little, useless pity party she was throwing for herself felt very good tonight. At least until she was interrupted. 

“Madam, are you all right?”

She looked up. Mr. McGillicuddy was standing in the doorway of her—of their—bedroom, looking concerned. She sat up straighter. “Yes, of course,” she said in a much brighter tone. “It’s just that I received sad news today.” 

He looked at her carefully. “I’m sorry to hear. I made you some steak and kidney pie.”

“I’m not very hungry, but thank you,” she told him. She stood up, grabbing up her hat.

“Will you be wanting some supper later tonight, after your engagement?”

She turned and looked at him. He leaned in the doorway, long and lean, pale and devilish, watching her in that way he had, a way that would have frightened her to death had she not known he meant her no harm. 

It made her wonder why she was going out to see Raymond tonight.

***

He had waited up for her.

He had moved the kitchen table to her bedroom and set it for a formal meal. She was astonished by the amount of care he had taken, from the multiple tablecloths layered just so and the tall white candles burning in the candelabrum to the lovely arrangement of tulips in the center of the table. It was both simple and elegant. 

She unpinned her hat and just looked at it all. 

There were two places set at the table. She felt her heart jump at the sight of it.

“Did you enjoy the opera?” Mr. McGillicuddy asked, suddenly appearing behind her. 

She jumped a little, then turned to face him. He was carrying a covered dish that he set on the table near her plate. “Actually, I don’t really care for the opera.”

“Really? I find it amazing pageantry.” 

“Perhaps I should have taken you. Raymond hates it. He only goes because his father has seasonal tickets.”

Why was she babbling so? It was all so embarrassing.

Mr. McGillicuddy studied her. His face was impassive, but his eyes looked darker, moodier. He did not smile. “Did you enjoy your time with Raymond?”

Eliza hovered in place, feeling strangely like she was being pinned down. “Raymond is Raymond,” she said only.

He looked like he was ready to comment on that, then changed his mind. He pulled out her seat instead. “Please, sit.”

“It’s rather late to eat a large meal, isn’t it?”

“You realize you’re much too thin, don’t you?” he countered. “And that what you do is dangerous?”

His statement took her by surprise. She stared at him a long moment, going through various stages in her mind. She started with anger, then realized that if she reacted to his words, it would only confirm what he obviously already suspected about her. She would not get angry. Instead, she chose to remain passive, but that only made her look guilty, she knew, like she was confirming all his suspicions. Finally, she could only glare at him as unwelcomed tears formed in her eyes and threatened to spill down her cheeks. She did not know why she was apt to cry so.

This was all Mr. McGillicuddy’s fault. She had never cried so much before him.  

“Come, sit,” he said, softly, gently, extending his hand to her. 

She looked at it a long moment before taking it. Mr. McGillicuddy’s hand was cool and very firm, much larger than her own. The moment he had her, she felt a spike of fear. He was a vampire, and he moved like one, turning and falling with impossible grace into her chair and carrying her down into his lap before she even realized what he was doing. 

She thought about bounding up, telling him off, but he put his free hand across her legs where she sat sideways in her lap, preventing her from rising. “No,” he said with authority. His voice rumbled in his chest where she leaned against him. “Tonight you’ll eat correctly.” With his other hand, he uncovered the dish. The smell of the braised meat and shortcrust pastry drew her like a magnet. He scooped up some with a fork and offered her a bite. She felt ridiculous, he was treating her like a child, yet her entire body strain toward his offering. 

It was buttery and savory and sweet all at once. “I wish you could taste this,” she said in a most unladylike way around the hot food she was gulping.

“I intend to,” he answered. 

She looked at him, afraid he had some dubious intention toward her. He moved his free hand from her legs to the back of her neck, bent her head a little, and kissed her. It was a very sweet kiss. He tasted like candy apples, her favorite Halloween treat. His tongue moved along her bottom lip, tasting the pie there, but did not venture into her mouth. He let her go and she sat back in his lap, feeling strangely disappointed but acutely aware of the fact that she was sitting in a man’s lap. She wanted to move, but he had her, and he had no intention of letting her go. He scooped up more pie and offered it to her. His kiss followed, more ardent now, his tongue darting  briefly into her mouth to taste the food he could never eat.

It took some time for them to consume the pie, but somehow they managed it. Together. There was wine as well, and chocolate-covered strawberries. Mr. McGillicuddy sampled both vicariously through their kisses. She groaned at the sweet and sour taste mingling in his mouth. She felt like she could fall asleep against him. She had never felt so full and content.

“Is my lady well?”

She lowered her eyes. “Yes, of course. I’m just not used to this much food.”

He kept his hand on her back, pushing her relentlessly toward him. “That’s terribly sad. It’s only when you lose the opportunity to appreciate something that you truly miss it.” His hair, cut longer in the front and shorter in the back, fell into his eyes. The sight of him, and his glittering amber eyes, made a warm dampness pool in her lower half, part fear, part excitement. She wanted to brush the hair out of his eyes, feel its softness in her fingers.

He was close enough now that she could see all the little details, his smooth, white, concentrated face with its sharp, stubborn chin, his old-world beauty, his wiry auburn hair with its blood red highlights, his pale, yellowish eyes trained on her like the eyes of a predator sighting down prey from the long dry grass of the Serengeti. She shivered violently at the way he watched her, devoured her with his eyes. He said, smoothly, in a hoarse baritone, “Is my lady cold?” 

She shook her head.

“Is my lady afraid?” 

She nodded. 

“Good.” He licked his teeth, and the sound of his tongue churning in his mouth startled her all the more.

She swallowed and took great pains to stop her thudding heartbeat and rapid breathing before she started hyperventilating right there in his lap. “Why are you doing this?”

He looked thoughtful. “I want you.”

Those were the words that Raymond had spoken earlier in the evening, while they were enjoying drinks at his dad’s favorite white-collar bar. Sitting across the table, he’d taken her hands as any proper gentleman would, and asked her to stay with him tonight, to go back with him to his penthouse apartment. He had put so much time into it, explaining how everything about them was compatible as if he had charted it all out, connected all the dots. They were both successful. Both ambitious. He had it all figured out. But she hadn’t gone home with Raymond, who was handsome and wealthy. Raymond, who could protect her, hide her inside the inner circle of the upper crust. Who could give her anything she wanted. 

She looked deep into Mr. McGillicuddy’s eyes and saw only more depth. “Do you…plan to hurt me?” 

“Are you a virgin?”

“No,” she said sadly. She hadn’t been a virgin since she was eighteen years old, when her master had come for her. 

“Then I shan’t be hurting you.” 

She frowned her question at him. 

“I mean to have you tonight,” he said, moving his hand from her back to her side. He was able to cup almost her entire waist in his one hand. “To take you. To be inside of you.” 

His words only made the desire worse. She steadied her hands on his shoulders. She countered it by saying, “And if I protest?”

His narrowed his amber eyes as he played the game. “Then I shall have to seduce you. I warn you, madam, you won’t get away. Some have tried, none have succeeded.” He smiled to show he was kidding. 

She smiled in return, then gasped when he stood up with her cradled in his arms. He was very strong, very determined. 

Seconds later, they were in her bed. He pounced atop her so she was awash in his scent. It reminded her of Halloween, her favorite holiday, apples and candy and sweet fall leaves. His head dipped and his mouth first tickled the corners of her mouth, then kissed her in a way that was almost chaste. Desire saturated her. Eliza groaned in frustration. She didn’t want chaste, brotherly kisses. Those she got from Raymond. She reached up and gripped his shirt, kissed Mr. McGillicuddy hard, so hard that she knocked teeth with him. He drew back, startled. “Oh my,” he said in wonder.

She was starting to feel stupid. “Sorry,” she said. 

He smiled. “I rather like a woman who can take initiative. There are far too few young women in the world who know how to properly seduce a vampire, you see.”

That encouraged her. She reached up and ran her hands down the back of his neck and between his shoulder blades, pushing down the shirt. His wings stirred at her touch, both warm and cool at the same time, utterly strange. She kissed him fully, the first real kiss. His tongue curled past her teeth to brush the sensitive roof of her mouth. It sent shocks of sensation coursing through her body. She turned her head and kissed the side of his neck, first gently, then not so gently. Her teeth nibbled his skin there. She moved upward, over his chin and cheek. When she finally reached his ear, she licked and nibbled that too. “Oh my,” he said, sounding breathless. His hands roamed freely over her body, touching her intimately through her now badly wrinkled opera gown. She noticed that the level of aggression in his touch seemed to be directly proportionate to how hard she was biting his ear. It was almost a fetish. She made a mental note to remember the ears.

Finally, he laughed uneasily and pushed her away. 

“Did I find your kitty cat spot?” she asked, running her fingers over his hair, fine and thick and soft like the fur of an animal. 

“Madam?”

“The place that makes you meow.”

“You saucy wench.” He leaned down to capture her mouth, driving his tongue deep into her wetness there. No more brotherly kisses. He kissed her like he meant to eat her. She groaned and ran her hands down his sides, gripped his hips and pulled him tight against her. He was very hard. She smiled against his mouth as he kissed her. Together, they fumbled to undo his pants. But there was something about the mechanics of his button and zipper that made his trousers as impervious as a chastity belt; even two pairs of hands made it no easier to undo. “Bloody hell,” he growled against the side of her throat.

Thankfully, she was a mechanic. She pushed him over, hoping to get him onto his back so she could work on his trousers at her leisure, but they were too close to the edge of the mattress, and before she could stop them they’d tumbled over, she on top and Mr. McGillicuddy beneath. He fell, grunting, to the floor, his wings outstretched. 

“I’m so sorry!” she said from atop him, covering her mouth with both hands. 

“You’re going to kill me, woman,” he complained. “Which would be a might unseemly, seeing how you’ve brought me back to life.”

“I am so sorry!” She wanted to cry, and she hated crying. She started climbing off Mr. McGillicuddy’s prone body, but he reached up and gripped her by the hips, holding her in place atop him. 

“No,” he commanded. “Stay.”

“But…”

“We’ll improvise.”

She stayed, straddling his hips. Mr. McGillicuddy smirked evilly up at her. He ran the palms of his hands up her body, then down again, lifting her gown up and away so she was dressed in only her chemise and sliding her underthings out of his way. She felt her face flush with embarrassment when she realized how wet she was. Surely he could feel it as he disrobed her. She had never been on top before. Her Vampire Lord had not liked women on top; neither had Derek. Her memories of sex with them was of a lot of straining and pushing inward, but not much fun, at least for her. No comedic misadventures had ever been involved, that was for sure.

Watching her expression very carefully, Mr. McGillicuddy slid his hand down her naked hip, along her belly, then deftly inserted first one, then two inside of her, testing her wetness. She groaned at his touch. He smiled and narrowed his eyes. He withdrew his fingers, drawing them up into the soft nest of raven black hair at her groin, up further up to encircle her navel with her own wetness, then down again so he could reinsert his fingers. He moved his other hand up her spine to the back of her neck, forcing her to bend forward so he could kiss her mouth and insert his tongue while he touched her inside, moving ever deeper. Eliza undulated her hips. It was an amazing feeling, having him inside of her in two places. He placed his hand behind her head and held her in place while he churned his tongue in her mouth and simultaneously moved his fingers in slow deep circles inside of her. 

She was nearly to the edge of her own release when he suddenly stopped. He kissed the corners of her mouth, then slid his tongue across her lips, over her chin, then down her throat. She tensed when she felt the hard imprint of his teeth grazing her collarbone. “No,” she begged, feeling the awful onslaught of tears. She hated biting, the invasive pain that was never pleasurable, no matter what the paperback lies said. She didn’t want to be a Poppet tonight; she wanted to be a woman. A woman being loved by a man. “No biting…please.”

He moved his mouth obediently on, down the sweating hollow between her breasts until he was tonguing one of her nipples through the almost sheer white chemise. She was glad it was sensible cotton. It was soaked through almost immediately, and when he finally began to suckle her in earnest, it was like there was nothing between his mouth and her flesh at all. He moved to lavish attention on her other nipple. His teeth grazed her, but he did not bite. His lips on her and his fingers playing inside of her made an amazing counterpoint that had her undulating and gasping, a primal, rhythmic dance that pushed her ever further toward the edge until she felt her face and throat flush and the pleasure shot hot and fierce through her entire body, bowing her back and exposing her throat to him. She made little embarrassing noises like hiccups as she shuddered atop him. When it was over, she realized he was smiling up at her.

“Don’t laugh at me.” Her face flushed a deep crimson. She covered her face with her hands. 

“I’m not laughing. It’s sweet,” he said. “I like the way you come.” 

Her Lord had said she was too sweet, too bookish, too inexperienced. She wasn’t seductive and wild like the other Courtesans. For that reason, she had never attained a higher position at Court. She didn’t know why it should sadden her now, but it did. It was like there was something broken inside of her. 

“You’re very sexy,” Mr. McGillicuddy said. 

“No, I’m not. You’re just saying that.” She rubbed her tearstained face with the backs of her wrists. She wished this had not happened—she felt like a fool. “Not sexy…silly.”

“Silly can be very sexy.” He reached up and pulled her hands away from her face. “Why do you cover your face? Let me look at you. I want to see your eyes when you come.” His words only made her want him more, which saddened her because she wouldn’t have blamed him if he’d wanted to quit. He watched her carefully, brushing away her tears with his thumbs. “Shall I stop?”

She shook her head.

“Do you want me, my lady?” he asked with genuine interest.

She nodded. As if he couldn’t tell.

“Then take me.”

“I don’t know what to do.”

“Undo me.”

Resolved, she went to work on his trousers again. This time, sitting atop him, it was much easier. But there was really no romantic way to get a man’s pants off. She tugged on them until she had them down his long, lean legs and his shoes off and all that remained were a pair of boxers. She knelt beside him on the floor. He looked her over with those hungry eyes of his. He reached up and ran his thumb over her mouth, following the crease in her lips. “Now, my lady, have your wicked way with me.”

“What would you like me to do?”

“Do whatever you want to do.”

“Do you want to try the bed again?”

“Nah,” he said, lying flat on the floor, his wings whispering against the carpeting, “I’m good.”

She ran her fingers lightly across his chest, through all that golden hair. She found it pleasingly soft, like his skin. She rubbed her cheek against it, then leaned down and started kissing him, starting with the hollow of his throat and working her steady way downward, stopping to linger over his heart. She could feel the clockwork mechanism ticking along under his skin when she put her ear against it. He was all softness over hard, flesh over mechanics, the first clockwork vampire, she realized. She smiled. She stared kissing him again, this time following the narrow line of soft, golden hair down his belly until she reached the edge of his shorts. He wore very funny shorts with the Bat Signal on them. She bit back a smile.

“What?” He looked down on her with mock severity. “I like comics. Sue me.”

“I’ve never met a vampire who liked comics.”

“Now you have. Please continue.” 

She started licking around his navel, then down further, pushing his shorts down his hips a few inches to accommodate her exploration. The hair at his groin was soft and golden, with highlights of red, almost the mirror opposite of the hair on his head—a rich, almost wooden auburn, with splices of gold. 

“I don’t dye my hair, no,” Mr. McGillicuddy said, as if fully expecting the question. He’d probably encountered it often enough in the past. “I’m Gaelic. The drapes have never matched the rug. Sorry about that.”

She laughed then, suddenly, and he smirked in response. She straddled his hips and moved her kisses back up his long lean body until she found his mouth. She kissed him softly, pushing her tongue past his lips, controlling the kiss. He kissed her back, his tongue flicking over her lips, but made no move to grab her or direct her; it was her turn to seduce. She moved back down his body until she’d returned to the funny Batman shorts. She’d enjoyed the way his warm wet mouth had felt on her nipples through the thin cotton of her chemise so she started licking him through the shorts. They were, fortunately, made of cotton as well. It didn’t take her long to wet them through and through. 

He groaned and undulated his hips. He ran his fingers affectionately over her hair. “I don’t mean to interrupt your expert ministrations, my lady, but if you continue this way, there will be no grand finale, if you know what I mean.” 

“Oh.” She hooked her fingers in the boxers and pulled them down. She was pleasantly surprised. She kissed and licked him all over until his eyes had rolled up almost completely in his head. Only then did she position herself atop him. She rolled her chemise up like a wreathe and tossed it aside.

“Oh my,” Mr. McGillicuddy said breathlessly, staring up at her with wide, awestruck eyes. He put a fluttering hand to his heart. “Be still.”

“You’re funny, Mr. McGillicuddy,” she said, feeling much better, more relaxed now. For the first time, sex wasn’t about a perfect grand performance or trying to be a beautiful seductress; instead, it was about feeling good and having fun with her partner. And, she found, she was having quite a lot of fun with Mr. McGillicuddy! 

“You are absolutely gorgeous, madam. A sight for these poor, weary traveler’s eyes.”

“So silly,” she added. 

“I try.”

She bit her lip. “I’ve always thought of sex as serious.”

“Sex is serious.” He watched her closely as if he could never drink her in completely. “But making love can be fun and silly.” He ran his hands up her ribs, cupped her breasts, and thumbed the peaks until they were as hard as little stones. Then he ran his hands down the sensitive undersides of her arms, took her by the hands, and slowly guided her down upon his erection. He smiled and said in a soft voice, “I can tell that you’re the kind of woman who enjoys making love.” Holding her hands, he let her take him slowly, an inch at a time, at her own pace, until he was completely ensconced within her. He felt just right there. 

He watched her carefully, bringing her hands to his lips. “Now ride me, my love.”

Eliza rode him. Slowly at first, but then with a steadily increasing rhythm. She stared down into his eyes and felt him dragging her down into them, mentally and emotionally. He moved his hands to her hips and held her firmly in place as he thrust upward. “Now come for me,” he panted, and she came hard and fast, gasping with the effort but never breaking eye contact with Mr. McGillicuddy. At the end he groaned, thrust upward as far as he could go, and his eyes turned all black as his seed flooded her. 

They both finished, gasping and laughing and clutching each other. 

They decided to give the bed another try. They lay side by side, and at his insistence she touched him, her fingers wandering everywhere, her touch as much exploratory as sexual. Despite her history as a Pleasure Poppet, she had never actually seen a man completely naked. She had always performed in the dark. Even with Derek, what they had done had been in the dead of night like an act of shame. Mr. McGillicuddy was absolutely lovely…and shameless. She put her hand over his heart, leaned up and kissed him lightly, deeply, all kinds of ways, but always carefully, because his teeth were surprisingly sharp in his mouth. He was the first vampire she had encountered who did not cut his teeth; even her Vampire Masters cut their teeth because it was au courant among the Courts. 

“You’ve never been on top?” he asked, a note of outrage in his voice. They must have been discussing it. She couldn’t remember. She shook her head, thinking of her times with her Lord, and even those times with Derek. Sex with them had been clinical—sudden, quick, a bodily function. She remembered another Courtesan describing sex with her Vampire Lord as masturbating inside a warm body, which was appropriate. They never let her touch. They never let her talk, or laugh like a real woman.

Mr. McGillicuddy held her, coddling her like a real woman, running the smooth of his fingernails over her face and hair with exaggerated tenderness. “What else have you not done, madam? I shall need the list.” 

***

One week of perfection. One week of feeling like a real woman.

Mr. McGillicuddy changed his schedule to accommodate their new relationship. During the day, he introduced himself as her employee to her clients and customers and did the menial tasks of keeping the shop clean, the workshop orderly and the clocks dust-free. At night he stole into her bed and into her body. She would wake in the middle of the night with his familiar weight pressing her into the mattress and his bruising kiss upon her throat. Their lovemaking made a warzone of the bed and left them both breathless and laughing like old friends.

And yet, she was miserable. After Mr. McGillicuddy had pleasured her until she was sore from want of him, she would turn over and bury her wet eyes in the pillow. He was a wanderer. On day, soon—perhaps the next day, or the next—he would leave her. He would move on in his travels and she would be but a footnote in his history. She would never see her clockwork vampire again. 

On a night two weeks after they had met, she closed the shop early and stepped into the workshop. It was empty; Mr. McGillicuddy was busy dusting the clocks. She wandered around the shelves until she reached the workbench. She touched his clothes, the old bloodstained shirt lying there, and felt a great well of sadness opening up inside of her, threatening to suck her down into despair. 

Behind her came the sound of the door closing softly, and footsteps approaching. Mr. McGillicuddy came up behind her, very close, and slid an arm around her waist. He pulled the pins from her chignon so her hair showered down upon her back and shoulders. He pressed familiarly against her, begging entry into her. She didn’t say anything. No words were needed. She leaned against the workbench, her hands balanced on the edge, and felt the chill of the room as he lifted her skirts, parted her underthings, and ran his hands across her nakedness. He bent her even further forward, until her breasts rested against the workbench, leaned against her back and rump, steadied her hips, and thrust deeply inside of her, quick and satisfying. She bit her lip, straining against him as they found a now-familiar rhythm that was not only erotic but strangely comforting. In just two weeks she had learned to love the feel of his strength pressing into her, possessing her, but also protecting her. 

She groaned. He was as hard as iron inside of her. 

“Madam?”

“Yes,” she answered, nearly whimpering when he increased his rhythm. She arched her back and ground her hips against him as they finished together, quickly, harshly, leaving them both panting with exertion. He leaned down to tenderly kiss the back of her neck. “We should get married.”

She fixed her clothes and turned to look at him. She thought he was kidding, making a joke in poor taste, maybe even making fun of her, except that his eyes were clear and focused as he leaned against her, trapping her against the workbench, preventing her from running away. “Married?”

He played with the buttons of her dress, undoing one. “Do you think it’s a very bad idea?”

She stared at him, stunned. “Not bad, just…abrupt.”

“Perhaps you’re right.” He smiled wickedly at her. “You realize, of course, that your society lady clients are already talking about us.”

“Really?”

“Indeed. I can hear them right through the walls as they enter the shop. They think they are being clever. They think you are frightfully scandalous to have a vampire as a servant…and a lover.” He undid another button.

She felt a jolt. She had noticed an influx in clients and customers this past week, mostly women, all of whom fluttered around Mr. McGillicuddy like handmaidens. It made it very difficult for her to be civil to them when what she really wanted to do was to take a parasol to the floozies eyeing up her clockwork vampire. “Maybe you’re right. But marriage?”

He lowered his head, biting briefly at the bodice of her dress. “It would undoubtedly save your reputation. And then I could make certain you ate correctly.” He eyed her sternly. 
She blushed furiously. In the past two weeks she had gained almost ten pounds. In the past, such a thing would have horrified her. But so much had changed. She ate with Mr. McGillicuddy every night and then they retired to her bed to make love. There was no time to slip away to the bathroom and evacuate her stomach when he was loving her so thoroughly and completely. And afterward, she was usually too exhausted to do more than drift off to sleep. 

He looked at her carefully. “Does marriage frighten you, madam? You smell worried.”

She shook her head. “No, I rather like the idea of marriage.” She hesitated. “But what do you mean about smelling worried?”

“Different emotions produce different pheromones. Vampires can easily detect those pheromones.” He reached out and touched her hair lightly with just his fingertips. “If we don’t know what a victim is feeling, thinking, it makes it very difficult to seduce one.” 

Sadness clutched her heart. “Is that what I am? A victim?”

He gave her a poignant look. “Madam, if you were my victim, I would have been feeding on you every night, despite your protests. I would be the one growing nicely round.” He moved his hand down her side to clutch her hip. He loved touching her, molding his hands over her. 

She felt ashamed. He was right, of course. “Well, what do I smell like?”

He brushed her hair aside and pressed his face against the side of her neck, inhaling her scent, which raised shivers all along her skin. “Mostly you smell like me.” 

She blushed.

“It’s quite fetching. “I’m pleased that you smell like me, like mine.” Mr. McGillicuddy’s hand moved to brush her face, his eyes guarded as he read her. “You smell like desire. You want me, which is understandable. I can bring you great pleasure. You enjoy having me as your lover. But you also smell of fear, as if you do not trust your own instincts. Perhaps you’ve come to regret our nights together?” 

“It’s not that.” She shook her head. “I’m not afraid of you, Mr. McGillicuddy. And no, I don’t regret our nights together. In fact, this past week has been the happiest I’ve ever been in my life.” 

“I’m flattered.” He moved his hands back down to her hips, holding her gently and yet possessively against him. She was coming to understand that about Mr. McGillicuddy. He did not easily relinquish what was his. “Are you fearful you may have acted foolishly…impulsively? Vampires cannot foster children on anyone, undead or alive, if that’s what has you concerned.” 

She knew that already. Vampires did not have viable sperm, and Poppets were not even born with working ovaries. It would take a miracle of titan proportions for them to conceive a child. It would never happen. Her real worry was that he didn’t know that she was a Poppet, a runaway, something created for the pleasure of vampires, not a real woman, not like he seemed to think. “No.” She lowered her eyes. “I’m not worried about that. I…there are things about me that you don’t know. Things that might offend you.” It was the perfect opportunity to explain, she knew. Yet she hesitated. What if he saw her for what she truly was? A mindless sex toy. A thing. She didn’t want to be a thing. 

He took her chin in his hand and raised it so their eyes were level. “Madam, I am a vampire. I assure you, it is very difficult to offend me.” As the soft lights of the avenue seeped into the room, she saw the perfect snow of his skin, the flickering pale gold of his eyes, the tousled red hair that looked spiky and sharp but was fine and soft under her fingers. I love him, she thought. I want him. It wasn’t just the pleasure she experienced, but the pain. She had never loved so much that it felt like pain. He took her hand and brought it to his lips, kissing her in that genteel manner that he had that was from another era. His eyes pinned her with a look she recognized as easily as reading a book. Desire. He desired her.

What amazed her was how easily they spoke to each other, not just in words, but in touches, in glances. Mr. McGillicuddy was like a part of herself that she had misplaced, or simply never found. Everything about him was familiar, as if they’d met in some other life. “I feel like you’re a lost piece of my soul,” she admitted shyly. “And it frightens me.”

That made him smirk. “The Greeks believed that human beings were originally created both male and female, but that the gods grew afraid of mankind’s strength and independence and the souls were divided into men and women. They believed that all men and women walked the earth, driven to find and join with the other half of themselves. The Gaels believe the same thing.”

“A soul mate.” 

He nodded. “But a soul mate is more than your perfect lover,” he told her, running his hands over her hair as if he could not stop touching her. “The Gaels believe it is the one who can challenge you as well as complete you. Anam Cara. The one who speaks the language of your heart. The one who is in love with who they are. The one who radiates presence but may be hard to live with. Not a perfect relationship, but a complete one.” 

He lifted her up and set her down on the workbench, parted her legs and joined with her there. She sucked in a sharp breath, enjoying the pleasure that was just this side of pain, his voice a growling vibration against her throat. He thrust inside of her, harsher and deeper than anyone had ever gone before, until she thought that she would scream from the force of it. And then, finally, she did scream, not the funny hiccupy noises that she usually made but a real scream that echoed around the workshop and left her feeling demolished, renewed and complete when he finally withdrew from her. 

He leaned over her and kissed the side of her nose sweetly. That was something else about him. His kisses were not just full of hunger and desire but also love and understanding and forgiveness. She put her arms about his neck and tried to imagine her life before he’d come into it, a life without him, the life she had known only fourteen days ago. It seemed a much longer time. An eternity. The sadness returned in spades. The thought of him leaving her struck her blind with panic. There was the fear. That was its origins. 

She clung to him. She felt she might cry.

They were going to have to do something about this situation. 

Marriage. It was a ludicrous idea…and yet, suddenly, the most perfect solution in the world. It would fix her tarnished reputation. It would fix what was broken inside of her. It would mean that he would never go away. “Yes, Mr. McGillicuddy, I think I shall marry you. I think I shall enjoy being married to you.”

He lifted her into his arms, cradling her weight with no trouble at all. “In that case, madam, it might be a sensible idea if we exchanged given names, would it not?”

“Oh.” Funny, how that little detail had slipped her mind completely over the past fourteen days of their courtship. She snuggled against his shoulder and closed her eyes as he carried her upstairs to bed. “It doesn’t matter. Just call me Mrs. McGillicuddy.” 


***

EXCERPT: 
A CLOCKWORK VAMPIRE 
(Mrs. McGillicuddy #1)
by K. H. Koehler


 CHAPTER I

By the Pricking of My Thumbs


The first thing Mrs. Eliza McGillicuddy did every morning upon waking was to take the gold scarab-shaped key on the chain around her neck, insert it into her husband’s heart, and give it six good turns. Five was never enough, and seven left him overwound. And an overwound vampire is never a pleasant thing first thing in the morning. 

She sat on the edge of the bed and listened while the escapement mechanism of her husband’s clockwork heart made its first full rotation of the day. She knew it would be several minutes before her husband was legally alive again, so she picked up the clothes she had meticulously set out the evening before and headed to the shower in the bathroom adjacent to their bedroom.

Eliza McGillicuddy always made a point of wearing the epitome of haute couture fashion like any other gentlewoman. Today it was a bustled moiré gown of peacock blue that was very much pinched in around the waist. After her shower and makeup, she swirled her inky black hair into a perfect chignon, and added the sapphire pendant earrings that Edwin bought her for their anniversary two years ago.

By the time she returned to their bedroom, Edwin was alive and well, sitting on the divan and tying his shoes.

Edwin Oliver Wodehouse McGillicuddy—O. E. Wodehouse, to his fans—was a man of impressive height and build. A combination of childhood malnutrition in his early mortal years and a rough upbringing in the East End of London had intersected in just such a way as to produce a lank, mean, fighter’s build. He had wiry auburn hair, devilish eyebrows, and the pale, startling hazel eyes of a wolf. That, combined with his impressive claret-colored wings, lent him a positively devilish visage.

There were only two things that kept Edwin from being absolutely perfect. The first was his fashion sense, of which he had none. The second was his mouth. He had a long history of attracting loose women—at least until he opened his mouth, at which point they went scrambling for a Cockney rhyming dictionary. Eliza bore it all with the dignity of a lifelong soldier. 

“Why good morning, Mrs. McGillicuddy,” Edwin said, sitting up and staring at her with enormous appreciation. “I take it you slept well?”

“After you ravished me for…oh, three hours? Absolutely.” She lost her smile when she saw what getup he had on today. The awful outdated tweed trousers, the T-shirt with the happy vampire smiley face, the red suspenders that he’d long ago made a staple of his wardrobe, such as it was. It was all she could do to keep from facepalming. Instead, she just shook her head and went down the clock-lined hallway to their kitchen to make tea. Edwin McGillicuddy was the most unvampire-like vampire she had ever met. 

The kitchen in their apartment was really more of a kitchenette, made smaller still by the roving devices that Eliza had invented to help her carry out daily tasks and allow her more time for the shop downstairs. There was a sink that washed dishes for her, a stove that cooked food unaided, and the “secretary,” a sphere that happily followed anyone around and reminded them of the most important engagements of the day. The free-roaming teapot had just poured her the first cup of the day when she sensed a presence closing in behind her. 

She never had a chance. Before she could even react, she felt a powerful pair of arms seize her about the waist. Edwin buried his face in the side of her neck, his goatee tickling her as he playfully bit her ear. He liked sneaking up on her, and as a vampire, he was very good at it.

“Edwin!” She turned around, giving him her sternest teacher face. 

Edwin smiled. She was a sight for sore old eyes, was Mrs. McGillicuddy—raven-haired, midnight blue-eyed, and possessed of an austere and silent grace. She had a curvy shape she erroneously called “fat,” a doll-like face, and an impressive décolletage, emphasized rather than concealed by the square neck of her dress. Mrs. McGillicuddy never looked less than neat as a pin, even in bed. It was her only flaw, as Edwin liked his women curvy, disheveled and flustered from vigorous lovemaking. Right now, though, she just looked angry.

He bent low and kissed her on the side of the nose to make it up to her. “Sorry, lovey, couldn’t resist.” 

Five years ago, when he had first met her, she had been as wary as a wounded animal and as thin as an Indian fakir. But five years of his pampering and plenty of imported Belgium chocolates had fattened her up nicely and turned her bitter blood sweet. He only wished he could do more than taste it through the thin, unbroken layer of her skin when they kissed. But there was a no-biting rule at Casa McGillicuddy, and if there was any godlike force capable of changing Eliza McGillicuddy’s mind, Edwin did not know of its existence. Such things were as rare and fabled as the mysterious Chupacabra.

He sat down on the edge of the kitchen table opposite her and offered her his sexiest “forgive me” look. Over the past two centuries of his existence, he had made kings and queens crumble with his boyish smile. 

Eliza was having none of it. She was inured to vampire charms. “Might I remind you that you have a busy day ahead of you today?” She wagged her finger in his face. “A certain editor has been asking about a certain overdue book, and I’m getting tired of fielding phone calls for you, Edwin.”

Edwin groaned and turned to pick up the morning edition the mechanical mail snail had thoughtfully brought in. He’d penned no less than a half dozen serious mainstream novels before finding publication with Doctor Blood, Vampire Detective under his pseudonym of O. E. Wodehouse. Funny thing was, he’d written the damned thing on a dare, with no thought put into it whatsoever. It was nothing but blood, sex and guns, but it was what his editor kept asking for and what the reading public kept thirstily drinking up, no pun intended. 

“Tell me again why I write these bloody stupid books?” he asked, reading over the headlines while Eliza went to the refrigerator with his morning teacup, poured some FDA-approved synthetic blood into it, and then popped it into the microwave for exactly forty seconds. 

On her way back, she slapped him on the thigh. “Tables, Edwin. They’re for glasses, not for asses. And you write Doctor Blood because your fans like him. It also keeps you out of trouble.” She quirked her eyebrow at him.

He dutifully slipped off the table and leaned back against the sink to read the paper while he waited for the microwave. There was more news coverage of the anti-vampire hate crimes that had been steadily escalating all over the country. With the new vampire rights amendment bill presently going through Congress, he knew it would only get worse before it got better.

Meanwhile, Eliza whipped out her reading glasses and the notepad she carried with her at all times. Eliza loved making notes; he attributed it to her being a Virgo. She looked over the ones she had made only the night before. “I made a short list of editing suggestions on the new book. Please consider them this time.”

Edwin let the paper droop. “Why do you call them a short list when they’re always so bloody long?” He still wasn’t sure what had compelled him to make his wife his beta reader when all she really liked were mechanical manuals or those pretentious sleuthy books by Dame Christie. “You do realize this is a pulp novel?”

“That’s no excuse,” she stated, sipping her tea in a ladylike way and eyeing him shrewdly. “You do realize you like making up your own words?”

“Abso-freakin’-lutely not,” he said.

“Really, Edwin…inordinary? What is an inordinary day? You could just as well have used extraordinary.” She bent over the counter and started penning in more notes, which had the inadvertent effect of offering up her delicious, plump little derrière to him.

He ogled her from behind the newspaper, trying not to be too obvious about it. “But extraordinary doesn’t convey the exact feeling. It was not an extraordinary day, merely an inordinary one. Slightly more than ordinary, not quite standoutish.”

“There you go again,” Eliza cried. She stood up and turned around, this time fully aware that he’d sneaked up behind her again and trapped her against the counter. She reached around and swatting him on the backside with the pad, which only made him harder. “Don’t make up your own words!” she said. “Doesn’t the English language have enough already?

Growling, he pressed her back against the counter and kissed her. Belatedly, Eliza realized he’d done nothing to deforest his morning wood. The moment his erection pressed into her stomach, she felt her brain switch off and her body take over as heat pooled in her nether regions and began soaking her knickers. Edwin had been made a vampire young, at the tender age of twenty-one, a time when most young men had beauty on their side as well as raging hormones. It was a lethal combination. 

The microwave beeped, but Edwin never heard it. He was too busy observing his morning ablutions—primarily running his hands up his wife’s stockinged leg and sticking his tongue down her throat. Meanwhile, around them, the clocks that Eliza collected and which decorated every wall in their apartment began to chime the sixth hour. With a sigh, Eliza realized she was going to be late opening the shop again. 

“Mr. McGillicuddy,” she said, putting a hand on his broad chest and trying to be firm with him even though that was virtually impossible when he was giving her that look, “what am I to do with you?”

He wagged his eyebrows up and down until she smirked. “You could throw me to the floor and have your wicked way with me.”

“But that would ruin my clothes, and yours.”

“Not if we take them off first.”

“You’re incorrigible,” she complained. “A rake and a roué. And you attract women of ill repute.”

“Fancy a tumble, woman of ill repute?” 

“See? Perhaps later,” she argued, waving the notebook around. “If you work on my notes.” 

With a quick flick of his wings, Edwin knocked the notebook out of her hands. He lifted her up and set her down on the counter in front of him. He slid his hands beneath the hem of her gown, shoved it up her legs, and had his wicked way with her, first against the wall, then on the kitchen table with Eliza beneath him, whimpering and writhing. Asses, indeed. 
 

*   *   *

Beyond the old walls of the McGillicuddy’s brownstone, New York City was in full bloom. The streets were full of early morning traffic. Airflow and Slipstream sedans roared up and down Flatbush Avenue, vendors stood at curbs, hawking everything from newspapers and Danger Dogs to concert tickets and the latest upgrade implants, and pedestrians moved in undulating waves either to work or away from it, depending on what shift they were on. And backlighting it all were the opulent art deco styles of cinema theatres, storefront churches, X-rated peepshows, and fifty-foot television screens advertising the newest mobile phone. Hanging in the sky like ever-watchful eyes were half a dozen airships cruising steadily by. 

Across the street from the McGillicuddy residence stood a man in a charcoal grey trench coat. His head was tilted up as he watched a recap of last evening’s news on the side of a passing airship. An anti-vampire religious group had marched up to the White House only the night before, demanding that the new civil rights amendment—which, if passed, would grant vampires full citizenship—be pigeonholed indefinitely. They had even dragged a number of so-called abuse victims with them to prove their point. The screen panned across the gaggles of screaming, outraged faces, many toting GOD HATES VAMPIRES signs. He shook his head of dark, evenly trimmed hair, sighed at such gauche displays of bigotry and ignorance, and turned his attention back on the humble downtown Brooklyn watch shop across the street from him. 

The shop was cozy and glass-fronted, with a subtle layer of bluish UV film tinting the display windows, a subtle way of keeping out the killing rays of the sun so something that abhorred sunlight could move about it undisturbed during the day. A small sign hung from an overhang, advertising the shop in gold, old-fashioned gilding as: 

OUT OF TIME
Custom Watches and Repairs by Gentlewoman Eliza McGillicuddy
Est. 2004

The McGillicuddys. If they weren’t a queer couple, no one was, the man, whose name was Mr. Stephen, reflected with some concern. 

Mr. Stephen had worked in the employ of vampires most of his life, and he knew a fair bit about them. Vampires did not marry human beings—it simply was not done in polite society—so the McGillicuddy situation was peculiar, to say the least. Vampires much preferred Poppets, because Poppets, Courtesan and Courtier Poppets, specifically, were genetically engineered with the aesthetic eye of vampires in mind. Designed to feed them, to care for them, to please them in every way. 

Following World War II, the first major war where vampires and shapeshifters had served extensively alongside human soldiers, “nonhumans” were finally recognized as important members of the U.S. population, and vampire immigration began filtering into the United States from Europe and abroad. The first government-approved blood substitutes were marketed at that time, the country’s sensible response to the demands of its growing vampire population. At the same time, new laws were erected to protect human rights, and it became a felony punishable by death for a vampire to feed on a human being without consent. 

But synthetic blood was merely food; it did nothing to address the other basic needs of America’s newest minority group, primarily those for intimacy and companionship. The solution came in the form of Poppets, created in labs from cloned embryos in vitro and genetically engineered to fit the specific needs and aesthetics of vampirekind. 

It seemed a perfect solution. After years of debate, the UN and Vatican both came to the same conclusion. Since the clones had never known the inside of a human womb, they could not technically be categorized as human beings with human rights. Of course, there were laws in place to prevent the mishandling of Poppets, but vampires were seldom guilty of such crimes. The price tag attached to making, nurturing and training a Poppet at a Scholomance—the frightfully high-end academies that trained Poppets to serve properly—was simply too great. That was akin to abusing a monstrously valuable racehorse. Unfortunately, most radical groups didn’t see it that way. As far as they were concerned, vampires were monsters in need of eradication, and all Poppets everywhere were their hapless victims.  

It was Mr. Stephen’s opinion that the exploitation of Poppets by the government in the function of underpaid laborer was a far greater sin than any being committed by the Vampire Courts. Poppettown, the underground city where Worker Poppets ran the machines that kept the city running, was an appalling slum. Working conditions were perilous, living conditions mean and spare, and crime rampant. But no one was interested in Mr. Stephen’s opinion, because Mr. Stephen was a Poppet. 

As a light, silvery morning rain began falling over the city, making orangey smears of the sodium streetlights that marched in an even line up the avenue, Mr. Stephen unsheathed his umbrella and slowly began crossing the street, his heart thudding in his throat. His master had entrusted him with a responsibility that no Poppet had ever known before. It was a matter of life and death, literally. His life and death, as well as his master’s. It was an enormously humbling thought, and it made him hesitate a moment before letting himself into the antique amber warmth of the little innocuous watch shop in downtown Brooklyn.
 
*   *   *

For Eliza, it had been a wonderfully productive morning, despite her late start. She had sold three pocket watches, two fobs, and had taken on a very profitable commission. She had left the store in the capable hands of Hetty, the plump yet always bubbly high school girl who helped her out four days a week, and retreated to her workshop to work out her new design. 

Eliza’s workshop, located at the back of the shop, was tidy, if a bit claustrophobic. It was full of big, clunky household appliances that Eliza had been steadily upgrading for years. Besides watchmaking, Eliza had an indelible talent for engineering, entirely self-taught. Among the paraphernalia were a mobile floor lamp, a self-serving tea set, and a massive rotary system that carried dirty laundry away from the bedroom and replaced it with folded, new-laundered clothes. Once a day, the mechanical mail snail fetched the paper for Edwin and carried it up to his office so he would not have to step outside during daylight hours. The entire room was abuzz with the clicketing of devices roving, rotating, helping with tasks, or just trying to stay out of Eliza’s way.

Eliza turned off her favorite welding torch, flipped up her magnifying glasses, and studied her latest invention. Her client was a wealthy young lady who was having difficulty with several insistent suitors vying for her attention. Laid out on her work trestle was a very fashionable parasol, newly upgraded. She surveyed her work with a nod of approval even as the bell tinkled over the shop door. 

A few seconds later, Hetty popped her head in the door. “There’s a man here to see you, Miz Eliza, and he is sooo fine,” she gushed, rolling her eyes and fanning herself in a way she normally reserved only for Edwin. 

“A man? Did you ask him what he wanted?” she asked, patting at her sweating cheeks. 

“He said he would speak only to you. And…Lord McGillicuddy?” She frowned to show she was confused. She did not know that Edwin was a Lord, a vampire who had come fully into his power. Edwin was very private about that part of his life. 

A bad feeling started somewhere down near her toes and began inching its way up. Something wasn’t right. Why did someone want to see her and Lord McGillicuddy? “Hetty,” she said, trying to keep her voice even and neutral, “please close the shop up for today and take the rest of the day off.” 

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, of course.” She immediately started checking herself over, looking for any flaws, anything that might give her away for what she was. Everything seemed to be in order. Lastly, she checked to make certain the beautiful, gold-plated Derringer she kept in a hidden pocket of her skirt was loaded.

She stepped out of her workshop, holding her poise like a seasoned gentlewoman. A man in a smoky grey raincoat and bowler hat was examining an ornate little cuckoo clock on the wall, his umbrella dripping rain onto the floor. He was tall and broad-shouldered, handsome, with a perfectly symmetrical face, hair cut on even, mathematical angles, and eyes so blue they looked fabricated and sewn on. He was definitely a Poppet, a caricature of male beauty. More importantly, a Courtier Poppet, a kept man—one owned by a very wealthy vampire, if the cut of the razor-tailored Savile Row of London suit he wore under his open raincoat was any indication. 

The man turned to her and smiled courteously. His perfectly even set of teeth were two shades whiter than Eliza’s best set of china. “Mrs. McGillicuddy, I presume?” He removed his hat and bowed low to her. His speech was formal, his bow executed flawlessly, as only a Courtier can do. “My name is Mr. Stephen. I’ve come on a mission of great importance.”

“You’re a Courtier,” Eliza blurted out. She couldn’t help herself; she glanced down at his left hand. The Poppet noted her look. Unashamedly, he lifted his left hand and ungloved it to reveal a well-manicured hand and the blooding bracelet he wore around his wrist. It gleamed in the moody lighting of the shop—ornate, priceless, a pretty manacle. From it, a vampire could drink anytime he or she wanted to from a sterile and eternally open wound. “Indeed. Would the man of the house be available? Lord McGillicuddy?” He pulled his sleeve down to hide the bracelet. 

Eliza crossed her arms behind her back and rubbed at her own wrist. She stared long and hard at Mr. Stephen while her hidden right hand slid soundlessly into the invisible slit in her skirt and fingered the Derringer.
 
*   *   *

Edwin’s morning, unlike Eliza’s, had been less than productive. He sat at his computer, his feet up on the edge of his desk, and squinted at the fight scene he was staging between Doctor Blood and his arch-nemesis, the Diabolical Doctor Z. It wasn’t going according to plan. His agent had called once, and his editor twice. He had lied to them both about his progress, which had been a little over…ten words in two hours, by his estimation.

He was drinking his liquid breakfast and listening to Howard Stern on the radio when he became aware that something was wrong. Voices drifted up from downstairs, which wasn’t so unusual for a shop on a popular shopping strip like Flatbush, but his wife’s concerned tone instantly put him on alert. 

She was no wilting violet, was Mrs. McGillicuddy. She could hold her own with just about anyone, be it police, Jehovah’s Witnesses, or the local Avon Lady. But today he sensed fear in her voice. What’s more, Eliza’s visitor sounded too formal, like a trained Courtier. And where Courtiers went, vampires were soon to follow. The idea didn’t sit well with Edwin; he liked his retirement too well.

He dropped his feet and stood up. He knew a thing or two about Vampire Courts, having worked as an Enforcer for one of the more powerful ones. Clutching his teacup, he silently wended his way down the spiral staircase to the shop below. 

Eliza stood with her back to him, facing their visitor, her hand in her skirt pocket as she fingered the Derringer he had given her. He’d had it gold-plated in an effort to make it look pretty, a unique gift to his wife on her birthday some years ago, but Eliza, a practical woman with more than a few of her own dark secrets, had immediately started carrying it on her person every day, just as he’d hoped she would. Beyond her, a Courtier who looked rather familiar stood smiling in a perfectly benign way that made the hackles on the back of his neck stand on end.

As soon as the vampire stepped into the room, Mr. Stephen went on full alert. Edwin McGillicuddy was tall and rangy, with a dangerous scrapper’s build. But beyond that, he didn’t seem like much—until you saw him in action, that is. He was dressed rough, like a man better suited to a bare-knuckle fisticuffs fight in the worst part of London than a cozy watch shop in downtown Brooklyn. He certainly did not look like what he was—a Vampire Lord over two hundred years steeped in his power.

Mr. Stephen smiled. So very little had changed with the very unconventional Lord Edwin McGillicuddy. “Greetings, my Prince,” he said, offering the man a sweeping bow. 

*   *   *

“Thank you, Mrs. McGillicuddy. Quite excellent of you,” Mr. Stephen said, accepting a cup of tea from the free-roaming silver tea set floating past them. He considered himself well-traveled—he was not one of his Lord’s more cloistered Poppets, good for only warming his Lord’s bed—but he still managed to be mildly surprised by the wide variety of inventions scattered around the room. Mrs. McGillicuddy was certainly an interesting young woman.

The tea set zoomed away.

“Don’t you have a House Poppet to serve, Mrs. McGillicuddy?” he asked.

“I’m afraid not,” Eliza answered politely, setting a cup down in her lap atop a lace tea napkin. Edwin sat stonily beside her, his legs outstretched and crossed at the ankles. “I don’t believe in assigning menial tasks to Poppets that I or Mr. McGillicuddy can easily manage on our own.”

“How very progressive,” Mr. Stephen said, studying her much more thoroughly than she was comfortable with. “Shall I take it you sympathize with those radical groups that would free the Poppet population from…slavery, as it were?”

“Hardly,” she answered. “I simply prefer more creative ways of handling operations day to day. As you can see.” She indicated the workshop with a flourish.

Mr. Stephen lifted his embroidered napkin to his lips, his face professionally blanked of emotion. “I see,” he said, and she couldn’t tell if she’d thrown him off her scent or not. “I bear a message—a request, one might say—from a powerful Lord.” He withdraw two boarding passes from his jacket pocket and extended them to the couple. 

Eliza uncrossed her legs and leaned forward to take them. Edwin, on the other hand, remained absolutely still, revealing nothing. Eliza knew how he felt about Vampire Courts. He didn’t often speak of it, but she knew his experience at his master’s Court had been less than ideal. “Foxley,” she said, recognizing his corporate seal on the boarding passes, a fox wrapped around the world. “You’re a messenger from Lord Foxley’s Court?”

“That’s correct. I was told…”

“Mr. Stephen, are you still a Favorite even after all these years?” Edwin asked suddenly. His hand was rock-hard, the cords of his forearm standing out like tensile wires as he clutched his teacup. His eyes looked darker, moodier, and when he spoke, his teeth looked sharper in his mouth. Most vampires considered it a fashion faux pas not to have their teeth rigorously capped and molded to look acceptably human, but for reasons he had never revealed, Edwin did not cut his teeth.

Stephen inclined his head. “I still act as my Lord’s Courtier, yes. And his most trusted valet.”

Edwin smiled humorlessly. “And does it ever concern you, little Poppet on a string, that you have remained his Favorite but never his Heir?”

Eliza looked back and forth between the two of them. She made certain to wear a blankly confused face even though she knew a great deal more about Court life than she let on, even to Edwin. 

Like Mr. Stephen, Eliza had been born in vitro, a Poppet, a future Courtesan, genetically engineered for the satisfaction of the Vampire Lord who’d commissioned her design. She’d spent eighteen wonderful years at the Scholomance, wallowing in obscene luxury like a spoiled heiress. She’d had toys and pets of every kind, tutors who’d schooled her in dance and Court etiquette lessons, and a glorious bedroom in shades of pink and soft dove fit for a Disney princess. She’d had gifts of cake and ponies and pink birthday roses which slowly evolved into gifts of gowns, diamonds only of the first water, and red, red roses, all sent to her by way of the Vampire Lord who owned her—a Lord she had yet to meet. Later on, as a teen, her life had consisted of debutante parties, wild shopping sprees, and all-night reveries, all in preparation for her first meeting with her future master, the man she would spend the rest of her life with. 

On her eighteenth birthday, her Lord finally came calling on her. He was tall, aristocratically beautiful, and fascinating. All the girls at the Scholomance giggled and mock-swooned when he passed by. He took her to the opera, dinner, and a horse and carriage ride through Central Park, and then it was back to his white-glove penthouse apartment on Fifth Avenue. There he spent the rest of the night raping her repeatedly until her throat tore and she could cry no more. All of which gave way to the realization that she was not a girl at all. Like Mr. Stephen, she was a toy to be groomed, dressed and played with according to the changing whims of her vampire master. 

For the first eighteen years of her life, Eliza had lived a content, picturesque life as a wonderfully ignorant doll with pretty hair and pretty dresses and not a single thought in her head. The three years at Court that followed were an education in hell.  

“What exactly is a Favorite?” she asked to be evasive. 

Mr. Stephen raised his eyebrows at that. “I’m surprised you wouldn’t know that, Mrs. McGillicuddy.” Clearly, he was fishing for information on how well she understood Court life. 

“I’m sorry, Mr. Stephen, but I’m afraid my husband hasn’t told me very much about his life at Court.” She offered her guest an innocent, wide-eyed look. She was very good at looking innocent, when she needed to. “Certain celebrities are considered Favorites, aren’t they? The ones in the paper always being photographed on the arm of some Vampire Lord while on their way to the Academy Awards?” 

Mr. Stephen nearly rolled his eyes, which was exactly the reaction she was looking for. She was just another befuddled human female who gained all her vampire gossip via rag mags and reality television programs. She knew nothing at all about real Vampire Courts. “A Favorite is generally understood to be a Courtesan or Courtier who is next in line to receive an Inheritance from his or her Lord.”

“That’s a euphemism for being turned into a vampire, isn’t it?” she said, knowing it to be true. 

“That’s correct, madam.” 

She fluttered her hand like a silly hen. “How very exciting.” 

Mr. Stephen lowered his eyes, clearly satisfied that she was not a runaway ex-Courtesan. 

“And will you be a vampire someday, Mr. Stephen?” Eliza asked with interest.

“If my Lord deems it.”

“I see.”

“Favorites normally endure long periods of grooming before becoming vampires themselves,” Edwin explained. “A kind of transition period, if you will. That is, if their master is inclined to creating a new Heir, which Foxley is not. But we remain hopeful, don’t we, Mr. Stephen?” 

Mr. Stephen’s face darkened and a wave of almost palatable anger poured off him. “We are all hopeful our Lord will favor us as he has favored you, my Lord.” 

Eliza stiffened at this new information. She’d had no idea that Edwin’s master was the elusive, never seen or photographed Lord Foxley, reputed to be one of the most powerful vampires in the world. 

Edwin shrugged it off. “Still, that’s neither here nor there. What message does your master bring, Mr. Stephen?” He smiled nicely.

Mr. Stephen’s jaw stiffened as he worked on containing his anger. “Lord Foxley has requested an audience with you tomorrow aboard his gyro, the Gypsy Queen.” He paused to let the implications of that statement sink in. “We shall remain in orbit over the city of New York for the next two weeks. You and your wife may consider it a kind of vacation, if you will.”

Eliza sat forward. “The Gypsy Queen? That’s the largest gyro in the world.”

She did not know very much about the mechanics of gyro engineering, but she was still familiar with the history of the giant spherical ships hanging in the stratosphere over earth like great fat moons. Vampires originally invented them in an attempt to counteract the effects of daylight. The great ships were large enough to orbit against the rising of the sun, perfect for creatures who shunned daylight. According to all the magazines she’d read, living onboard a gyro was like living in a state of perpetual night, with all the glamour and dangers associated with it. 

Gyros had gyroscopic centers, hence the name. Gyroscopes helped the ships stay in orbit above the earth by generating their own gravity fields. Eliza had long dreamed of visiting a gyro and studying how it operated, engineering marvel that it was, but they’d never had the money for that kind of vacation. 

“Lord Foxley owns the Gypsy Queen, doesn’t he?” Eliza glanced at the passport in her lap. 

“He built it, in fact,” Mr. Stephen explained. “And his hospitality naturally extends to visiting his estate aboard the ship. New Versailles is the grandest Vampire Court in the world. None can compare.” He went on to explain that the Gypsy Queen was over twenty square miles in size, making it fall just a hair short of the island of Manhattan. It regularly boasted over half a million visitors, had a hundred major casinos, hotels and resorts, twelve hundred restaurants and nightclubs, and a permanent staff of over a hundred thousand people. The Academy Awards, Miss Universe Pageant, and five different reality shows were regularly filmed onboard the Gypsy Queen, a veritable paradise of leisure and debauchery. He explained all this with a great flourish, like a travel agent trying to sell a package deal. 

Eliza knew better. Everything had its price. And if Edwin’s master was summoning him home, there was surely no good reason for it.

Mr. Stephen sat up, eying her carefully for a reaction. “May I tell my Lord that he can expect you aboard tomorrow? It is considered a supreme honor to be called into the audience of Lord Foxley.” 

Edwin nearly laughed. Only royalty, major celebrities and politicians ever visited New Versailles, the estate of the “King of the World,” as the media called Lord Foxley. And even then, they were usually disappointed to find themselves dining with agents and representatives, never with the Lord himself. Foxley never made any public appearances or allowed anyone to photograph him. He preferred to remain secreted away in his gauche palace with his hordes of Poppet servants. Of course, things would be different if he and Eliza boarded the Gypsy Queen. For that…yes, Lord Foxley would put in a personal appearance. 

Mr. Stephen added, “Your accommodations are to be at New Versailles, directly adjacent to Lord Foxley’s private quarters. All expenses paid.”

Of course.

Edwin knew Eliza longed to see the inner workings of the Gypsy Queen, and he knew equally well that they’d never had a proper honeymoon, but she, like he, was smart enough to sense the wrongness of the situation. She turned and shook her head at Edwin, who turned back to Mr. Stephen. “No.”

“Excuse me?” Mr. Stephen looked confused.

“My wife says no,” Edwin stated simply. “She and I have no desire to see New Versailles.”

Mr. Stephen looked vaguely sick. “Of course, you do not have to stay at New Versailles. Lord Foxley can arrange other accommodations. A casino, perhaps? Or one of the five-star golfing resorts…?”

“We’re not interested in seeing your Lord, Mr. Stephen. My wife and I have other plans for the evening.” He turned to look at his wife, and Eliza nodded her approval.

“The opera,” she said. 

Mr. Stephen looked at her as if she were speaking a foreign language. “You’re turning down an all-expense paid, two-week vacation for the opera?”

“I really like the opera,” Edwin said, which was a patented truth, actually.

“Perhaps I can interest you in a…”

“No.” Edwin said, his power cracking in the air between them as he stood up. Mr. Stephen jerked mechanically to his feet, clutching his umbrella so hard that his powerful Poppet fingers managed to snap the stem. Edwin narrowed his eyes and Mr. Stephen visibly shirked, as if Edwin had struck him a glancing blow. Edwin’s voice issued forth as cold and cutting as a blade. “Mr. Stephen, I suggest you remember who I am.” He took a step toward the Poppet, who backed up automatically toward the door. “You may tell your Lord from me that we have no desire to see him, not now, not ever. Now I must insist you leave my wife’s shop immediately.” 

Mr. Stephen scrambled for the door, so flustered that he managed to drop his poor, abused umbrella in his haste to escape the Prince’s wrath. 
 

CHAPTER II

Three-Act Tragedy


The theater was crowded with a surprisingly elite audience. Eliza glanced around, recognizing a fair number of politicians and celebrities. Gentlemen were dressed spectacularly in black tie, and their female companions shimmered in bustling ball gowns as elaborate as birthday cakes. They seemed to glide rather than walk across the mirror-polished floors. She watched society women like herself flutter together and break apart, armed with opera bills and fans like flocks of gaily-colored birds. 

Edwin said nothing but his eyes went everywhere as they stepped into the brightly mirrored foyer. Edwin did love the opera—it was the only vaguely vampire-like thing he did—and she’d hoped that tonight’s performance would take his mind off that very disconcerting visit by Mr. Stephen the day before, but now she wasn't so sure. Despite the pageantry of the Music Box Theater, which he loved so much he always made certain they had seasonal tickets, he looked positively miserable. 

She had carefully selected their wardrobe for the evening. She wore a black brocade dress she herself had sewn, carefully cinched at the waist, black lace gloves and a huge black buccaneer’s hat edgily adorned with a giant white ostrich plume. Edwin wore his suit. It wasn’t a great suit, nor even a good suit—he had bought it at discount at Bloomingdale’s—but at least it was a suit, and that was saying a lot, since Edwin hated dressing up and would have worn checked golf pants and his favorite BITE ME, I’M IRISH T-shirt if she hadn’t dressed him herself. Luckily, he was a guy as well as a vampire, and didn’t mind her dressing him up…so long as she undressed him too. His suit was pinstriped charcoal with lovely if slightly outdated swallowtails. He wore a pearl grey cravat and matching spats and carried a fashionable cane. Another man would have looked like a carnival barker, but Edwin, wide of shoulders and narrow of hips, could look good in sackcloth and ashes. If it was true that the suit made the man, then Edwin made the suit that made the man. 

Voices buzzed like a giant swarm of wasps caught under the roof of the Music Box Theater. Almost everyone was discussing the sudden appearance of Lord Foxley’s gyro. Sometime last night, while the city slept, the Gypsy Queen had appeared in orbit over the west end of the island of Manhattan like a gigantic gunmetal moon. 

The coincidence had not been lost on either one of them. It had immediately put Edwin on edge, and they’d spent a miserable time earlier at dinner at the Carlton. Eliza had found herself contemplating her overcooked steak and undercooked potatoes while her husband stared off into space, barely touching his synthetic blood. Now, like Edwin, she kept craning her neck and searching for the telltale sign of a large crowd that would indicate that a Vampire Lord was moving in their midst, surrounded by servants, security, and the press. So far, they’d been lucky. 

She kept reminding herself that vampires had no civil rights. Lord Foxley might be the most powerful vampire in the world, but he was still only a vampire. He could do no more than politely request someone’s audience. If they refused his invitation, he couldn’t force them. If he did anything untoward, he could find himself endangering the Vampire Bill going through Congress, and then vampires would never win civil rights. 

It made logical sense when she thought about it, yet she felt an odd static charge in the air as they met up with Robert and Juliana Huntington in the lobby. Eliza had met Juliana three years ago at a dinner party thrown by Edwin’s publisher. The four of them had clicked almost from the start. Well, she and Juliana, anyway. The jury was still out on Edwin and Robert. 

Juliana came from old money. She’d been born into the upper echelons of New York society and still suffered terrible guilt over it (at least, according to her therapist). She often organized sit-ins and Gandhi-like peace rallies to raise awareness and money for nonhuman civil rights organizations. Eliza knew she was a bit of a flower child, but by being Juliana’s friend, she had firmly embedded herself in society. That put her above suspicion and afforded her at least some protection from investigation. After all, the upper crust took care of its own. 

As soon as both couples hooked up, Juliana clenched her and squealed like a teenage girl. Edwin rolled his eyes and walked away before he said something he couldn’t take back. Juliana looked most fashionable in a shimmery bustled dress in a shocking shade of azure. She wore six petticoats, and wielded a lacy parasol that seemed to have petticoats of its own. The color brought out her wide, girlish blue eyes and complimented her sparkling ringlets of red, red hair. “Dear, I absolutely adore your dress! And what a precious parasol!” she cried, fluttering a gloved hand before her mouth. “Tell me you made it?”

“I did,” Eliza admitted with a grin. She’d decided that a field test of the Lady’s Protection Parasol (as she had come to call it) was in order, and that tonight was perfect. Juliana was shocked by its substantial weight. “It’s to help young ladies deter the attention of unwanted suitors,” she explained, twisting the straight haft of the parasol until the top disconnected and Juliana saw the mirror-gleam of the Samurai sword within. Eliza then showed Juliana how the umbrella portion doubled as a Kevlar shield. Juliana squealed, attracting the nervous attention of ushers and onlookers. 

“Do you think it’s too much?” Eliza asked, reassembling the parasol.

“I don’t think it’s enough! Oh, I do wish I could invent! Leeza, I could improve on so many things. Do you know down in Poppettown they use industrial fibers in the uniforms of the Poppets who work the steam shops? They don’t breathe! I said to Robert, things must change. Things will change. But let’s not talk about me tonight.” She grinned, wrinkling up her snub little freckled nose, and linked an arm through Eliza’s, walking her to the stairs that led to the upper balconies and their private box. “What do you think of the Vampire Bill? Is Edwin excited?”

“I’m not sure if Edwin is even aware of it.”

“It’s the same with Robert! I said, Robert, a hundred years ago, African-Americans couldn’t vote. Well, a hundred years from now, vampires and shapeshifters will vote. But Robert is very cynical. Do you know he took me to Egypt last week?” 

If Juliana had one major flaw, it was a touch of ADHD. But living with a high-strung, Gaelic vampire had given Eliza a unique skill-set. She knew exactly what conversations to pick up and which to let go. “Egypt. How exciting,” Eliza said, and then Juliana was off, telling her all about Cairo, dining with the President, and how hot and tiresome it all was. 

Behind them, the husbands were discussing their most recent golf scores and trying to keep the peace. Edwin McGillicuddy and Robert Huntington—both novelists, both members of a most unique subset of the human race, the “nonhumans”—were permanently engaged in a friendly rivalry. Robert was a head taller than even Edwin’s impressive six-foot-four-inch height, and was gifted with a mouthful of teeth to die for and eyes like beautifully polished aquamarines. He liked to call himself a minority of one, seeing how he was not only African-American, but also a were-leopard. 

As they made their way up the staircase to the private box they shared, Edwin realized he was losing his edge on the golf front, too many Triple-Bogeys, so he changed the subject to their latest projects. Robert said he was working on an absurdist, stream-of-conscience book about a young shapeshifter at odds with the world. Edwin, miffed, took great pains to describe his newest Doctor Blood story.

“Do you ever get tired of writing those pulps?” Robert asked, fluffing his brushed black suit. Like Edwin, he wore tails that were slightly less than au courant. Juliana wouldn’t let him upgrade his wardrobe since the worker Poppets who lived down in Poppettown hadn’t seen new clothing in over a year, and this was their silent protest, she said.

“Of course not,” Edwin lied. “My fans love Doctor Blood.” 

Robert rubbed his chin ruefully, then smiled, nearly blinding Edwin with his whiter-than-thou teeth and inch-long incisors. Edwin secretly poked at his own incisors with his tongue to see how they measured up. “I have often thought about writing something…simple. Less thought-provoking. You must tell me how it’s done.” 

He glared at Robert as they reached their seats but decided to change the subject. The last thing he needed was to get into it with Robert Huntington. Then the fur would really fly. “Have you and Juliana made any decisions about her conversion?” He flopped down in his seat and tapped out a smoke, playing with it unlit and cursing the new anti-smoking laws. 

Robert stiffened in response and Edwin counted it a small victory. He knew Robert and Juliana had been considering converting her to a nonhuman state for some time now. If Juliana became a were-leopard like Robert, they might be able to conceive. It was a sensitive subject for Eliza; even if she became a vampire someday, she and Edwin could never conceive.

“Juliana has been…recalcitrant,” Robert admitted. He glanced at the wives seated together at the front of the balcony. “We’ve talked about it, but so far Juliana is undecided. She says she can do so much more good for nonhumans as she is.” He raised his eyebrows with interest. “And you. Has your Eliza ever requested that you make her your Heir?”

It was Edwin’s turn to stiffen. “Eliza is happy as she is.” 

“Does she feed you?”

Edwin frowned, getting annoyed now. “That’s a bloody personal question.”

“I apologize. I meant no offence. I was merely curious.”

Edwin felt his mood sullen considerably. It was a very good question, with a very depressing answer. Edwin had tasted Eliza only once, on the night she had discovered him in her watch shop, mortally wounded by the vampire assassin Chimera. He’d collapsed quite literally at Eliza’s feet, a neat, round bullet hole in his heart. Eliza had expertly managed to extract the bullet and replace the broken mechanics of his heart with her clockwork parts. In order to bring him back from the brink of death, she had fed him her own blood, the first and only time he had ever tasted her. 

Eliza was very strict about such things. She did not enjoy biting, and she had no interest in being a vampire. Sometimes, though, his hunger surged and his desires wandered…

A glint of eyes in the box directly opposite them made him stand up so suddenly that Robert jumped in his seat, startled by Edwin’s reaction. Edwin peered through the dark at the far side of the theater, then leaned over the safety rail, looking out across the preening crowds of people.

“Edwin?” He turned to find Eliza looking concerned, her hand on his arm. “Is everything all right?”

Edwin straightened and gave Eliza his blank, professional face, the one he had perfected over the more than two hundred years of his existence. Like a mask, it was impenetrable, revealing nothing. “I’m perhaps not feeling well.” 

Eliza’s brows knitted together. “Do you have your pills?”

He patted the aluminum pill-case in his pocket, blood substitute in a concentrated capsule form, just in the event of emergencies. “I’m going down the apples for a spell. Enjoy your time with this lot. Back in a shufty.” Giving his wife a dry peck on the cheek, he turned and disappeared through the curtains of the box. 

Robert frowned. “What did he just say?”

“I have no idea,” Juliana answered, shaking her head. 

*   *   *

Eliza turned her attention back to the stage as the lights went down and the first strains of the opera began. Robert and Juliana had their attention focused on the opening act, but Eliza’s thoughts wandered.

“Is everything okay?” There was an edge of concern to Juliana’s voice.

“I don’t know. I hope so,” Eliza said. 

She reached out and took Eliza’s hand, giving it a firm squeeze. “Are you and Edwin having problems?”

“No.” And then she thought about that. “I don’t know. Maybe.” She took a deep breath and tried not to think about Lord Foxley, or the fact that Edwin had once worked for him and never told her. It wasn’t like Edwin to conceal such things from her. “Sometimes I feel like I don’t know Edwin at all, that he keeps things from me. And I know he’s not happy, not entirely. Do you think it’s wrong for me to deny him?”

“You haven’t been sleeping apart?”

“It’s not that. I know that Edwin wants me to willingly feed him, even if he won’t say as much. But it bothers me. Besides, I think…no, I know he has a past.” Eliza frowned, thinking about how frightened Mr. Stephen had looked before he left the shop. It had produced more questions than answers. “There’s so much he hasn’t told me. I suppose, in some ways, he frightens me. Am I silly?”

Juliana patted Eliza’s hand companionably. “Love between humans and nonhumans is difficult, Leeza. There’s so much history there.” 

Eliza sighed. She wasn’t sure if she wanted to ask about that history. Sometimes ignorance was, in fact, bliss. 

Juliana sensed her unease. “He’s not a were-leopard, your Edwin. Were-leopards are loners by nature…unconnected. Edwin is part of them. And they are social animals, what with their Courts and games and nasty politics.” 

Eliza sighed. “Sometimes I look at him and I can see what he’s thinking. That he wants more. That he wants me to be his Courtesan.”

“Would it be so bad, Leeza?”

“I don’t know.”

“For Robert I would do almost anything. Of course, things are different for you and Edwin. There’s them. There’s no getting away from them and their influence. The Vampire Bill might not even change that.” 

Juliana’s cynicism surprised her. “I thought you were all for the new Bill.”

“I am! But I’m not Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farms, Leeza. Robert has tangled with vampires in the past, and he has the scars to show for it. I know how dangerous they are, even compared to were-leopards or werewolves. They’re much more powerful and cunning.” She sighed tiresomely. “I think the Bill is a wonderful idea. It will force vampires to come out into the light, so to speak. They’ll gain civil rights of protection, but they’ll also be subject to laws. Right now, the only ruling body for a vampire who commits a crime are the High Courts, and they don’t do anything about their own except move them around from Court to Court.”

Eliza knew it was true. She knew from experience. But Juliana didn’t know about that part of her past, and Eliza was reluctant to share it with her. Juliana might make Eliza her cause, and Eliza simply couldn’t risk her friend’s life, or her own freedom, that way. After all, there were no civil rights to protect Poppets. If one ran away from Court, they were just lost property. If the Vampire Courts took notice of her, nothing in the world would prevent them from taking her back. And she wasn’t going back. She’d sooner die.

“Is Edwin in some kind of trouble?” Juliana asked, breaking into Eliza’s thoughts. 

Eliza lifted her opera glasses and searched the theater. She found him sitting in an empty private box directly across the theater from them. It took her a moment to recognize a slender female figure sitting in almost total shadows besides him, with only her eyes visible when they caught the gleam of the stage lights below. Why was Edwin meeting with another vampire? 

She stood up abruptly, her hand closing around the straight, smooth metallic shaft of the Lady’s Protection Parasol. “I have no idea,” she told Juliana, “but I intend to find out!”

*   *   *

“Claire, it’s been forever,” Edwin remarked, flipping up his swallowtails like a cartoon character about to play Beethoven and sitting down beside the vampiress in the private box. He crossed his long legs and smiled bitterly at her.

The white shadow sitting beside him looked over, her face professionally blank, but her pale blue eyes smoldering. Claire was the product of a Double Inheritance, a young half-breed Japanese prostitute that he and Lord Foxley had picked up in the dangerous Shinjuku region of Tokyo during the turn of the last century. Foxley had loved her coloring and had encouraged Edwin to sex her while he watched. It wasn’t very long before Foxley had joined the fray. Together they had drained her almost to the point of death, and then enjoyed filling her up—in more ways than one. 

She immediately began a kind of sibling rivalry with Edwin for Foxley’s full affection. She had still been fighting for dominance when Edwin finally left Foxley’s Court five years ago. “Lord Edwin,” she singsonged. 

Claire was a young chit by vampire standards, the vampire equivalent of a bratty preteen. She looked it too, tiny, white and mealy, and dressed in a bustled white ragdoll dress that showed off decidedly underdeveloped breasts, a sunken ribcage, boyish hips, and her great milky white wings. Her face was tiny, thin-lipped, and her upslanted eyes were too tiny and vicious to be called beautiful. Her hair was done up in enormous dreads that fell like a holocaust of white about her narrow shoulders, making her head seem much too large for her body. She wore a pair of welding goggles atop her head, a popular trend among the youth that she was trying desperately to emulate, and enormous moonwalker boots with five-inch platforms. Claire offered him a bitter smile. “It’s Lady Claire now.”

“Lady,” Edwin exclaimed. He stuck an unlit cigarette in the corner of her mouth. “You’ve become your own Lord?”

“Not just a Lord. An Enforcer. Foxley’s Enforcer. You’re surprised?”

“Not really.” After he’d left Foxley’s employment, Foxley would naturally have chosen the best he had as a replacement, and as loathed as Edwin was to admit it, Claire was the best. He knew because he had trained her. Claire narrowed her eyes, her power crackling against his skin like the fluttery touch of her razor-sharp wings. “Foxley’s mongrels always do come to power fast.”

She offered him a humorless smile. “You would know.”

Like her, Edwin had been a “child of the street.” He’d been born in a whorehouse in Mile End in the East End of London at the end of the Eighteenth Century. Back then, it had been the Yiddish slums, full of panhandlers, music hall girls and theater troupes—thieves and cutthroats, more than anything. Edwin had never discovered who his mum was, or what had become of her, but he’d counted himself a lucky lad nonetheless. Instead of one mum, he’d had dozens, as all the working girls took turns raising him. He learned to pickpocket almost before he could walk, and by the time he was nine years old, he could drink gin, smoke pipes, and swear and fight as well as any man who lived south of the Bow-bells. He lost his virginity at age twelve, and his innocence at twenty-one.

A client, an evil old git like Fagin in the book, had been beating one of his favorite girls with a martinet. Edwin, who loved all women everywhere and had stayed on at the whorehouse as security, had snatched the incredibly painful piece of rawhide away from the man and started beating him in return. It took four police officers to drag Edwin—tall, lanky, and wiry-strong—off the lifeless, bloody remains of the man.

Edwin was certain he would hang, his life over at twenty-one. He even welcomed it—it was one way out of Mile End, and he was sure that whatever hell looked like, it couldn’t be any worse than where he was now. But the night of his hanging, Lord Foxley had shown up, impressed by Edwin’s strength, savagery and impetuous pride. Pride, more than anything. Foxley said he was a beautiful devil, a mongrel with a life of pickpocketing and prostitution stretching out before him, but that he had enormous potential if nurtured correctly…and if he was willing to join Foxley’s Court. It was a binding contract, Foxley explained. He would intervene on Edwin’s behalf, save his neck from the noose, in exchange for two hundred years of service from Edwin as his Enforcer. 

The idea of being Foxley’s Enforcer—a vampire—had been overwhelmingly nauseating to Edwin. Despite what he had done, he still believed in God and in the sermons he’d heard in church. The churchmen believed that to be a vampire was to be irrevocably damned, apart from God forever. Rejected. But as zero hour loomed, and Edwin watched the other condemned prisoners being led to the gallows by the head executioner, Edwin’s survival instincts kicked in. He decided that he would rather live and be damned than to die and still be damned. 

He might be a mongrel, a nothing, but he was nobody’s fool. 

Edwin pinned Foxley’s new Enforcer with his best predatory look, pushed his power inside of her, and watched Claire stiffen and tremble as if he had given her a forced orgasm, just not one that was pleasurable. Regardless of her feelings for him, or her jealousy, he was still her master, her maker. If she forgot that, he would need to remind her. “What’s the bloke got to say for himself? Did he share any fond memories?”

Claire clenched her fists and scrunched up her face nastily. “Just that I was to speak to you tonight, to deliver his message. He wants you to come home.”

Edwin laughed at that. He couldn’t believe Foxley’s audacity! That he thought he had the right to command another Vampire Lord! “You’re dotty in the head, you are, chit.” He waved away his power. The absurdity of the situation had killed his appetite for power play. “And so is he. I fulfilled my contract to Lord Foxley five years ago. He has no right to command me now.”

“Lord Foxley is attempting to be civil.”

“Lord Foxley has no idea how to be civil. I’ve already conveyed my response to the esteemed Mr. Stephen. The answer remains the same: no.”

Claire opened her mouth to speak, then closed it to reconsider. “Very well. If that’s your answer—and Lord Foxley said it would be—then I must offer you a new contract on behalf of our Lord.” 

“Really now?” This was turning out to be more entertaining than the play!

Lady Claire smiled, showing off catty incisors. “Two hundred years of service as Lord Foxley’s Enforcer…in exchange for the life of your wife.” She lifted her opera glasses and peered across the theater at his private box. 

Edwin looked too, and found it empty. 

*   *   *

Eliza was at the bottom of the steps that led to the mirrored lobby of the theatre when she became aware of a presence. She turned her head and recognized Mr. Stephen standing beside her. He took her solicitously by the arm as if he meant to waltz with her. Another man came up beside her. For one spare moment she thought it was Edwin. He was tall like Edwin, with Edwin’s pale, redheaded coloring, but with a thicker, weightlifter-type upper-body build. Like Mr. Stephen, he looked like a gorgeous valet or some kind of model for a man’s fashion magazine. Another Poppet. 

“Mr. Laurel,” Mr. Stephen greeted the man with a nod. 

Mr. Laurel nodded in response and took Eliza by the other arm. Eliza, suddenly panicked, jerked away from them both, lifted her parasol, and calmly freed the blade within. But Mr. Laurel took her by both wrists, halting her in mid-gesture. His hands were enormous and strong, like vices. He was a Poppet like she. He twisted her wrists so sharply she grunted and released the sword, which dropped harmlessly to the carpeted floor at her feet.

She thought about screaming, but the orchestra was reaching a crashing crescendo and no one would hear her, she knew. Very well. The Scholomance had rigorously trained her in different forms of martial arts as a young Poppet in an attempt to induce poise and balance. She’d been a very apt pupil. She did a kind of improvised pirouette on the step and locked her heel behind Mr. Laurel’s, sweeping his feet out from under him. 

Mr. Laurel lost his grip on her wrists and went down hard on the stairs on his face, cursing her. 

Eliza danced back, but before she could shift into a more defensive position and reach for the Derringer in her garter, Mr. Stephen was upon her, stepping on her hem and winding a long black garrote about her neck. She fought the garrote, kicked at him, dislodging the Derringer but accomplishing nothing with it. 

“Mrs. McGillicuddy, that will be quite enough,” Mr. Stephen said, softly, benevolently, in her ear. “Lord Foxley wishes to speak to you and your husband, and we should not keep a Lord waiting.” He tightened the garrote and Eliza’s world went as black as a final curtain.  

*   *   *

Edwin made it down to the lobby in record time, a useless gesture since he already knew that Eliza was gone. He did find her Derringer lying abandoned on the carpet. Not a good sign. He was as late as the White Rabbit to the tea party. Unfortunately, he wasn’t a rabbit, and the date he was late for was a might more sinister than high tea, even with the Mad Hatter. 

Surging with anger, his wings ripped free of the confines of his suit jacket as he fully extended them. At the same time, a white blur rushed past him, encircling him. Lady Claire. He launched himself at her, cursing under his breath, but Claire had something ridiculous like inline skates on the bottoms of her moon boots and as he closed his hands around her throat, she turned suddenly with the fluid, surreal grace that only vampires could display, and kicked him squarely in the chest. 

Like a jackhammer, the blow knocked the wind from his body and sent him flying backwards into one of the ten-foot-tall mirrors that decorated the lobby, hung there to make it seem infinitely larger. His back hit the mirror and his head followed a half second later, hard. The mirror behind him exploded in an apocalypse of glittering glass shards, those razor-sharp fragments ripping through his clothes and flesh and sticking out of him at odd angles like quills. He sagged forward onto his hands and knees in his torn suit, feeling like a human porcupine. “I’ll bloody kill you,” he hissed at Lady Claire through clenched teeth as she danced about him like some kind of demented ballerina. 

“Poor Lord Edwin,” she singsonged, dark eyes glinting like pieces of black flint. “You’re losing your touch, Prince.” She withdrew a large Oriental fan painted with flocking cranes. It was made of stainless steel, Edwin remembered. He tried to swipe at Claire’s legs as she danced merrily by, but the glass in his body restricted his movements. Lady Claire grinned, her cutting fan flicking out and catching him somewhere under the chin. The world suddenly went grey in the corners of his vision as the little bit of blood in his body began leaking down the front of his suit. 

“Sleep well, sweet Prince,” Lady Claire said as Edwin’s world faded to black. 

*   *   *

Eliza woke to a deep, serene humming. She lay with her eyes half-closed, not dreaming, but not quite awake, either. Then she remembered how she had gotten here, the horrible pressure of the garrote about her throat, and she jerked upward and opened her eyes, clutching reflexively at her throat with a black, lace-gloved hand.

She was lying on an enormous bed of red crushed velvet in an unfamiliar red and gold bedchamber. The room was brilliantly posh, like something that belonged in Buckingham Palace. The thought did not make her feel any safer. She was obviously a long way from her sensible flat above the clock shop. The walls were burnished gold and heavily carved with scrollwork and floral motifs, the floor was a furry, scarlet plush carpeting so deep it looked like an ocean of blood, and the cathedral ceiling above, past the blinding crystals of the chandelier, displayed one of the most obscene ceiling murals she had ever seen. 

The Renaissance-inspired mural depicted a great host of beautiful angels being raped in every way conceivable by a giant horde of black-winged devils. She’d seen similar murals during her time as a Courtesan—they were a popular artistic expression among the more gauche Vampire Lords and were often painted on removable panels so the pictures could be changed out if the Lord grew tired of it. 

She had a terrible thought, then—that maybe she’d woken up at Court and the last ten years of her life as a free woman had been a dream. She got slowly to her feet. Her dress was shorn, her hat gone, and her loose hair shivered about her shoulders like black mink as she moved toward the only door in the room, praying it was unlocked. She wished she still had the parasol, or the Derringer, at least, as small and pathetic as it was. Anything would make her feel better at the moment. Unfortunately, both were gone.

“Hello there, lady,” said a soft voice as she reached the door. 

She started and turned to find a child sitting on a divan in the shadows near the door, playing with a hand-held game. He looked about twelve years old, pitifully thin and pale. He wore a pair of hip-hugging denim trousers and a white shirt open to reveal the slightly sunken chest and shadowed ribs of a painfully underfed youth. His skin was pale gold, like a boy with a forever fading tan, and his hair was a nearly colorless blond, the white, white blond of the very young, before age has a chance to darken the strands. It made his pale skin seem positively radiant. His eyes, half-hidden by the waves of thick hair, were the color of sunworn slate and looked huge in his thin, malnourished face. 

Eliza approached him carefully, studying the delicate, girlish beauty of what could only be a young Poppet as he concentrated on the game, this thumbs flying over the buttons. Nausea rose up in her throat. It was positively perverse how young the Poppets were becoming that the great Lords kept these days. But in this place, with such a mural leering down over their heads, it didn’t surprise her at all.

“Damn!” The boy sat up on the divan, pushed his long pale hair out of his eyes, and stared up at Eliza. “Do you know how to play this game?” 

Eliza stood rooted to the floor, afraid to move, afraid to even speak. 

The boy watched her suspiciously. “You’re new, aren’t you?”

She ignored his question. “What’s your name?”

“Henry.” The boy had a sweet, lilting voice and big innocent eyes. 

“Where are we, Henry?” She glanced around the ridiculously excessive bedchamber. “Is this a…Court?”

“It’s New Versailles.” Henry watched her with interest and confusion. “We’re at Lord Foxley’s Court. Aboard his gyro.”

Eliza felt her stomach lurch upward. She reached out and closed her hand over the boy’s delicate shoulder, feeling an instant kinship with him. “He hasn’t hurt you, has he?”

The boy shook his head, his pale hair shushing around his painfully young face.

She made a decision then: she would escape Lord Foxley’s Court just as she had escaped her own Lord’s Court so many years ago, but she wouldn’t be leaving without Henry. She crouched low so she could better meet his eyes. She clutched both his shoulders in an effort to build a better connection with him. “Would you like to leave here with me?” She had no idea if she should make any such promise, but she had to try. This couldn’t go on. “Would you like to come back to earth with me, Henry?”

Henry laughed. “My dear,” he said in response, “what I want to do is to throw you to the floor and fuck you to death.”

*   *   *

Voices floated to him out of the dark.

“He’s a bloody mess.” It sounded like Lady Claire.

“You threw him into a mirror, Claire. What did you expect?”

Claire made a harrumphing noise. “I thought he was more…durable than this. The old Prince is getting soft, I think. That’s what you get when you play around with the humans too long.” 

“You’re just lucky you didn’t harm him more. Do you want to upset Lord Foxley?”

“No.”

Edwin groaned as he came around. He opened his eyes. He was lying face down on a bed so plush it felt like he could fall through it. Surrounding him were ornate, gold-plated walls bordering on hideous. Only one person loved such gauche décor, and that person was Lord Foxley. He immediately knew where he was: New Versailles, onboard the Gypsy Queen. 

Two people sat on the bed with him, a man and a woman. In another life, he might have found that proposition interesting and full of possibilities, but one of the people was Lady Claire, and that killed his mood almost at once. Mr. Stephen was the other, his big gloved hands moving with practiced ease over Edwin’s back and buttocks, but there was nothing particularly erotic in Mr. Stephen’s touch; he was merely looking for glass shards he had missed. When he encountered one, he took a large pair of tweezers and plucked it loose, the sensation queasy. Edwin marveled at how things always felt so much worse coming out than they did going in—knives, bullets, stakes, and now, glass shards. It never got any easier. 

“He’s awake,” Claire said when he flicked his wings with annoyance 

“Help me turn him over.”

Together the two of them rolled Edwin over so he was lying on his back on the obscenely soft bed, staring up at the tackiest ceiling mural he’d ever seen, cherubs dancing around a giant naked man with two hard-ons. He would have shuddered, but his body felt like a sack of concrete, and there was absolutely no strength in his limbs. “Blimey, that’s an ugly ceiling.” 

Mr. Stephen turned to Lady Claire. “I think he’s going to live.

“Unfortunately.” 

Edwin moved his eyes analytically across the lot of them. “Which one of you blokes emptied me out?”

Claire skated backward on her skates. “Why?”

“Because after I fill up, I’m getting off this bed and kicking your arse.”

Mr. Stephen and Lady Claire exchanged worried glances. “Should we do it?” Claire asked.

“It was a direct order from our Lord,” Mr. Stephen reminded her.

“What was a direct order?” Edwin asked. 

“You’re at New Versailles,” Lady Claire informed him. “You’re attending Lord Foxley’s Court—”

Edwin cut her off. “I’m aware of all that. Get on.”

Lady Claire let out an exasperated sigh. “Lord Foxley extends his hospitality to you. He has also ordered that all Courtesans and Courtiers in his Court be available to feed you anytime you require it. It’s a hospitality he only extends to his most—”

“Bloody hell! I’m aware of Court etiquette, Claire. I attended Foxley’s Court for two hundred years!” he snapped. “Are either of you going to feed me or just stand there and leave me mostly dead all day?”

Mr. Stephen shrugged and sat down beside Edwin on the bed, looping his long, muscular arm around Edwin’s shoulders, rolling up his sleeve to produce the blooding bracelet and sliding a panel back in the mechanism. The scent of Mr. Stephen’s blood was as strong as vinegar to Edwin, only sweeter. Edwin didn’t have to do a thing; his body did it all for him, forcing him to lunge forward and press his tongue against the open, seeping wound. He didn’t even taste it he was so starved. 

Mr. Stephen grunted and Lady Claire took a step toward him before he motioned her to stay put. The last thing he needed was someone coming between himself and a starved vampire physically attached to him. Edwin McGillicuddy had a rather impressive set of uncut feeding teeth and he’d seen hungry vampires rip Poppets’ hands right off at the wrists. He wasn’t big on experiencing it firsthand. 

Already the initial frenzy was beginning to wear off. Lord McGillicuddy was cradling his arm, pressing the coolness of his teeth and lips to the wound, but his mouth was working more fastidiously now as he exerted more control over his own bloodlust. It wouldn’t be an issue. Lord McGillicuddy was an old vampire, his control strong. Mr. Stephen was just beginning to relax into the sensation of the vampire drawing lightly on his wound, a pleasant, almost ticklish, sensation, when Lord McGillicuddy’s body suddenly came alive. He flipped Mr. Stephen over so effortlessly that Mr. Stephen never had a chance to react. Suddenly the vampire had him down, his face nosing into the shivery cradle between Mr. Stephen’s neck and shoulder and driving little spikes of frightening pleasure down his back that grew, then grew some more, aiming for lower regions. 

Lady Claire stepped forward to pry the vampire off him, but Mr. Stephen held up his hand, halting her. “Don’t touch him,” he ordered, his voice strained as he fought against his own rippling panic. He sounded much calmer than he felt with Lord McGillicuddy’s rather blood-slicked tongue tracing the pulse in his throat. He was afraid to move, afraid that if he did anything untoward, the vampire would rip his pulse out by the root. Raising his hand, Mr. Stephen set it gently on the nape of the vampire’s neck and turned his head, inviting him to take from a less vulnerable spot. Lord McGillicuddy growled in the back of his throat, licked at a spot a few inches below Mr. Stephen’s ear, then bit. Mr. Stephen felt a sharp, pleasurable thrill race down his back, bowing his body and tightening his trousers all at once. He expected the wave of almost debilitating pleasure to ebb, but it kept building and building like an orgasm that wouldn’t quit. He bit his lip to keep from crying out. He’d never fed Edwin McGillicuddy before, but he was very, very good. 

Edwin rode his hunger hard. It flowed and ebbed, rushing into his gut and then just as quickly receding as he drank and drank. Mr. Stephen’s blood was the blood of a Poppet, incredibly nourishing. He had forgotten. Poppets were as different from normal human beings as water was from wine. The last time he had tasted anything so divine was his first and only time with Eliza. 

Mr. Stephen was writhing beneath him and making small whimpering noises, as far gone as anyone could get. Blimey, thought Edwin, as he drank, he’d forgotten about that. 

In years past, his lovers had often said that Edwin’s bite was like shooting up on some crazy aphrodisiac. He’d known lovers to complain about being horny for days after being with him. It would have been a terrific superpower were it not so damned creepy. It even happened to other vampires, which should have been impossible, seeing how vampires were supposed to have a natural immunity to that kind of stimulation. It was one of the reasons Foxley had valued him so much. He was the street drug. An elite, high-end street drug that could corrupt even Foxley’s most stalwart enemies and make them putty in his hands. 

After a few moments, Edwin forced himself to close his greedy mouth to the wound, reached around for Mr. Stephen’s hand, and prized it off the back of his neck as he detached himself. Mr. Stephen lay clutching the bedclothes, his eyes rolled all the way into the back of his head like a man experiencing a seizure. His body continued to convulse against the open air as if Edwin were still atop him. Edwin hadn’t seen someone this high in years. 

He leaned down and slapped Mr. Stephen’s cheek. His eyes rolled downward and the spasms wracking his body slowed. “As high as a bloody kite. Your girlfriends are going to have a hell of a party tonight.”

Mr. Stephen lay trembling on the bedclothes, flushed and disheveled. If he’d been a woman, it would have been appetizing, but he wasn’t. He was a man, and Edwin just didn’t swing that way. Well, hardly ever. Mr. Stephen raised a hand to the bite wound under his ear and immediately clenched his eyes shut. “Dear God. What did you do to me?”

“You’d think you’d be grateful.” Edwin brushed invisible dust from his clothes, which were a bloody mess and ruined beyond repair. Eliza was going to kill him. “I gave you a hit, mate. Might as well enjoy it while it lasts.”

“I don’t understand,” said Mr. Stephen, touching his throat.

Edwin stopped to sniff the air. He was sure he’d caught Eliza’s scent, and not very far off. He turned to the door and said, “You will.” 

*   *   *

Henry pushed Eliza to the floor, wrested her arms down, and bared his shocking, wolf-like incisors. Eliza was just about to scream when Edwin’s voice echoed through the doorway of the bedchamber, halting the boy: “How sad.” His voice sounded rough and deep, not like Edwin’s at all. “Even after all these years, you still enjoy threatening women like some common rapist, Foxley.”

“Foxley?” Eliza croaked. 

Henry chuckled, his voice rich and old and wicked, not like a child’s at all. “Edwin, my boy.” He released Eliza and sat up, addressing the doorway. “The prodigal son returns.”

Edwin stepped fully into the room, face darkening with anger, demonically red wings fully extended to make himself look bigger. He looked like hell. He also looked like he’d recently been through hell. His swallowtail suit hung in bloodstained tatters on him, and his wiry auburn hair was unkempt and half-fallen into eyes that blazed with an amber rage. There was blood, candy-apple red, on his hands and suit, but also on his face and mouth. “Let her go,” he warned. There was little of humanity in his face, eyes, or voice. “She has nothing to do with any of this. Or with us.”

Eliza thought, This then is the Prince. She tried to move, but some irresistible force held her down. She started to struggle, whimpering deep in her throat.

Foxley observed her struggles. “I like her, Edwin. She’s pretty, real, not like the usual sluts you prefer.” His voice was deep, confident, without accent. “I can see why you’ve chosen her to be your Courtesan.”

Edwin practically leapt forward. “She is not my Courtesan, Foxley. She’s my wife. Now unhand her!” 

Foxley stood up, brushing his hair out of his eyes and showing off heartlessly beautiful teeth. Suddenly he didn’t look so young. Not young at all. 

“Edwin…” She didn’t want to sound like some panicked damsel in distress, but this was the first time she had ever experienced any kind of paralysis like this. “Edwin, I can’t move!”

Edwin glared at Foxley, not a friendly look. “You can’t move because he’s controlling your blood.”

“I don’t understand.”

“Foxley is a powerful bloodkinetic. He can control and maneuver the blood inside living beings.”

“I’ve never heard of such a thing.”

“There are only three vampires in the world who can do it,” Foxley explained with an impish smile. “And two of them are standing in this room right now.” His eyes grew facetiously large. “My dear woman,” he said to Eliza, this evil, eternal child, “hasn’t Edwin told you anything about himself?”
 

CHAPTER III

Appointment With Death

 
Foxley had a retinue of Security Poppets escort Edwin and Eliza to his personal office, if one could call it that. It was so elaborate it looked like something one would expect to find in a Turkish palace, circa 1897—If the Marquis de Sade were visiting. Eliza looked with vague distress upon the gold-plated furnishings, the fountains, the BDSM-inspired instruments of torture spread throughout the room. Her eyes lingered on a human-sized, gilded birdcage with furry handcuffs hanging from the ceiling.

Once inside the chambers, the Security Poppets drifted back into recesses in the walls, less like people and more like pieces of bulky furniture. They made no move to restrain Edwin or Eliza, but they both knew it was useless to try and escape. They were onboard a gyro, orbiting a thousand feet over the City of New York. All Foxley had to do was inform the shuttle base that taxied people on and off the Gypsy Queen that all the exits were to be shut down. There was no other way off the gyro, unless they learned to fly in a hurry, and that was something Edwin had never been very good at.

Edwin turned to Eliza, took her by the shoulders and looked her over. 

“I’m fine, Edwin. Stop fussing.”

“Are you sure?”

“Absolutely.” Eliza stared at the holes in her husband’s clothes, at all the bloodstains. She didn’t ask nonsensical questions like “What about you? Are you all right?” She knew enough about vampire physiology to know that a vampire was either all right or dead. “But what does Foxley want with us?”

“Not us. Me. And I have no bloody clue. But we’ll get through this. I promise.” He smiled encouragingly, tweaked her nose so she smiled, and moved to explore the view through the big Plexiglas picture window. She joined him, taking his hand, and found it looked down upon a city in miniature. 

The palace of New Versailles rested on a high manmade plateau surrounding by exotic arboretums and Japanese-style gardens. Below them crouched an urban sprawl of squat, pointlessly baroque casinos and resorts built to look like a Disneyland version of the Las Vegas Strip. Everywhere they looked, they saw rich, fat tourists milling like insects all over the place, burning off their disposable incomes. The horizon was outlined against a sky colored a deep, gunmetal grey—the underside of the gyro walls that made this place absolutely safe for vampires to mingle all day and all night among the unsuspecting human population.

A door shushed open behind them. Together they turned and watched Lord Foxley, the master of this manufactured, off-world paradise, step into the room, accompanied by his Enforcer, Lady Claire, on his right, and his two favorite Poppets, Mr. Stephen and Mr. Laurel, on his left. Mr. Laurel glared hostilely at Eliza, a hand hovering to touch his bandaged, broken nose. She glared back, a polite smile quirking up one corner of her mouth. 

Lord Foxley had been a child before; now he was a god. He still wore the dress shirt and faded Levis that were such a popular trend with businessmen these days, but he’d added a waistcoat in a brilliant red tapestry pattern and a jet black jacket so rich and plush it looked like leopard fur—and probably was. He wore twelve rings on his small, white, glove-like hands, and black, knee-high equestrian boots with modest heels. Lord Foxley didn’t need heels—he was painfully thin, but possessed of an almost archaic height, as if he descended from a clan of people where the children grew tall and lean before they were fully fleshed out. 

He’d scraped his white-blond hair back into a sleek queue. It made him seem older, crueler, drawing in deep relief his narrow, pearl-white face, determined mouth, and grey eyes so pale they looked ghostly. As he moved, artificial sunlight poured over him from the floor-to-ceiling windows, turning his hair the nearly blue-white of milk and washing out his eyes so all that remained were the tiny black pinpoints of his pupils. It made him look more alien than vampiric. Eliza decided that vampires did not look good expressed in full lighting. 

Now she knew why the infamous Lord Foxley never left his gyro, why he refused pictures, why he never made public appearances and sent agents to run all his errands for him. “How…?” she began, and then stopped herself. Did she really want to know the secrets of his existence? She wondered what it felt like to be a child with a man’s hunger forever. 

Lord Foxley smiled cunningly at her as if he knew damned well what she was thinking. Though he resembled a child, his sly, ancient eyes were anything but childish. He said in a booming, unnatural basso, so at odds with his young, barely developed body, “My master was an incredibly cruel man, madam.” 

Slowly he turned to face Edwin, smiling. “It’s been too long, my boy.” He moved to where his desk squatted in one corner of the suite, swept aside all his electronic devices as if they cost him nothing, as if they meant nothing to him, and hopped up onto the edge, crossing his long, girlishly slender legs. His wings flickered and settled around him, a pale angelic gold that fooled Eliza not at all. His retainers moved to stand behind the desk. 

Foxley patted the empty space beside him and smiled demurely. “Come here, my boy. Let’s have a look at you.”

Edwin stiffened. Slowly, he shook his head.

Lord Foxley lifted one thin hand and put it absently to his lips, a decidedly old-fashioned gesture, something Eliza expected to see on a swooning debutante in a Jane Austen novel. “Edwin, my boy. I’ve missed you. Come to me.”

Edwin ignored him. “I’d like to change my clothes, if you wouldn’t mind.”

Foxley smirked, looking him up and down. “But I like seeing you covered in blood. It recalls the good old days.”

“The good old days,” Edwin said, his voice flat and dead. “Funny. I don’t recall them being all that good.”

Foxley’s eyes narrowed. He ignored the brush-off. “I take it you’ve fed? Yes, I think you have. Your color is quite good.”

Edwin held Foxley’s even gaze. “Your reason for bringing us here?” he said in an attempt to steer the conversation away from his eating habits. Behind Foxley, Mr. Stephen’s face was professionally blank, but he kept periodically shifting his weight from foot to foot and pulling at the front of his trousers. 

Foxley knew, of course. “How was he?” He smiled with feline eyes. “He’s one of my best. The sweetest I’ve ever owned. And he tells me you’re rather good yourself, Edwin, the best he’s ever had. But then, I knew that.” He glanced over at Eliza and made a light, dismissive gesture with his hand. “Forgive me, Mrs. McGillicuddy. I don’t mean to talk around you as if you don’t exist. Edwin turned a trick on Mr. Stephen. It was, as the Americans say, ‘good for them both.’”

Eliza glared stonily at Edwin. “I see.”

Bloody hell, assuming they lived through this little escapade, he’d never get off the couch now. “You have an awful lot of gall dragging us up here, Foxley. Do you have any idea what could happen if you’re found to have kidnapped a human being?” He glanced aside at Eliza. “Do you realize the impact such a thing could have on the Vampire Bill?”

Foxley shrugged as if he were completely unperturbed by the fact that he’d just openly committed a felony, one that could crush civil rights for his people forever if fundies and right-wingers could spin things just right. “Edwin, I want you to come here. Now.”

“Said the spider to the fly. I like standing here.”

“Edwin…”

“Oh piss off, you bloody annoying little midget!”

“Edwin, Edwin…you are much too stubborn a boy for your own good.” Foxley’s voice had changed again, but not like before. Edwin could hear the way Foxley rolled his words and the faint Germanic inflection in his voice. Usually he hid it very well. It was only in the throes of lovemaking, bloodlust or rage that he let it slip. He extended his hand, palm up, and made an exaggerated come-hither gesture. 

Edwin grunted as the tremendous pressure of Foxley’s bloodkinetic power lifted him off his feet and forced him back, pinioning him to the far wall, his arms crucified to either side. It all happened in seconds. He hung there, several inches off the floor, like a puppet on invisible wires. Eliza rushed to help him, then stopped when she realized she had no idea what to do. “Edwin!”

Foxley laughed boyishly, his hand frozen in mid-gesture. “This is bloodkinetics, madam. He cannot move until I will it.” He quirked a wicked, now familiar smile. “I’ve spent many nights holding your Edwin against walls. He didn’t often complain about it back then.” 

Eliza looked furious, a tick to her face. Not a good sign. The last time she had been this worked up was last Thanksgiving when Edwin had gotten back late from golfing with Robert Huntington. Eliza had nearly cold-cocked him with an overcooked turkey. Something bad was about to happen. “Bastard…” she breathed. She reached down, picked up his laptop where it lay broken on the floor, and heaved it at Foxley’s head.

After that, things pretty much went to hell. 

*   *   *

“I gave you two hundred years of service, Foxley. What more do you want from me?” Edwin asked after the Security Poppets had properly restrained him and his wife. He leaned back against the rack of the eton bench, his arms securely cuffed together with unbreakable iron manacles lined in soft fur, and watched Mr. Stephen carry in a heavy portfolio. Foxley’s valet set it down on a small, Queen Anne-style writing desk situated before him, making Edwin wonder if they were about to descend into one of Foxley’s disturbing little schoolhouse fantasies. He’d always hated those.  

Eliza watched everything from her place across the room, locked in the human-sized birdcage. She was less than enthused about her situation, rattling her chains ominously, a murderous gleam in her eyes that she bounced back and forth between Foxley and Edwin.

Foxley smiled. “Are you in trouble with the wife, Edwin?” he asked, marching across the room with a flogger tucked under his arm. “Another mark to add to your bedpost? Another heart to join the ranks of the Marquise de Peze, Maria Antoinette, Amelia Earhart, Belle Starr, Charlotte Bronte, and that Russian prince you fancied so…what was his name?”

Edwin clenched his eyes shut. Blimey, he was a dead man. Again. 

“Edwin?”

He peeked at Eliza. She glared at him from her place inside the cage, hanging from her chains. “Maria Antoinette? Charlotte Bronte?” Her glacial voice could have frozen over hell. “A Russian prince?”

He grimaced. “It’s not what you think.”

She looked stricken. “Then what is it?”

He didn’t know how to answer that, so Foxley filled in. “Edwin’s conquests are many and varied, Mrs. McGillicuddy. Did you think you were the only one?” He smiled again as he circled her cage, enjoying the shadow of pain lurking just behind her eyes. Returning to Edwin, he extended his arm, the flogger resting on Edwin’s shoulder. “I want you to take a look at these.” With the flogger he flipped the portfolio open. 

Edwin looked down as Foxley turned the pages. The first thing he saw was a death certificate, followed by an official police report written in Upyrese, the flowing, squiggly script of the high Vampire Courts. After that came witness reports, forensic reports, and pictures of different angles of one of the worst mutilations he had ever seen—and he'd seen his fair share, that was for sure. It looked like a body—if that body had been processed through a meat grinder. The photos were grainy black and white photostats, but somehow that made it worse. Edwin’s overactive imagination automatically kicked in, filling in all the gruesome little details, the red, meaty smell of death on the air, the chunks of warm, still-steaming meat, the tremendous gore splashed across the white furnishings of the posh penthouse suite where this terrible act had taken place. Foxley pushed the photographs around and Edwin noted that other bodies littered the premises in similar states of…deconstruction. He didn’t know how else to think of it. 

“That is—was—Lord Wyndham,” Foxley explained. 

Edwin felt a tick in his throat. Lord Wyndham was—had been—a tall, bony English vampire with an appetite for expensive brandy, racy cars, and five-year-old girls. Not a nice bloke by any stretch of the imagination, but he dated back to a time when the Brits were still calling themselves Britons and the Roman Empire was hanging in there. He certainly was no pup. 

Foxley turned more pages, and Edwin saw Lord Wyndham redux, except that in this case the victim was Lady Espirito, a Spanish noblewoman over seven hundred years old. The location of the slaughter was her keep, Castillo de Penafiel, the “unconquerable” castle that had housed the Lady and her entourage of servants for centuries. Another old one. Not as old as Wyndham, and a might more pleasant to entertain, but still powerful. Lady Espirito was one of the first vampires to observe that Edwin’s bite caused delirium in both humans and vampires. She used to call him El Mal de Amor, the “Lovesickness”. The remains were less horrible this time, but only because the castle was more remote, surrounded by mountainous regions and wilderness, and scavengers had been at the Lady’s and her servants’ remnants before they were discovered by some backpacking American students, at least according to the report. Lady Espirito and every member of her Court had been slaughtered, no witnesses. And no suspects.  

“There are others,” Foxley informed him. “All old ones, all slaughtered along with their Courts.”

“How many?”

“Five, so far.”

It wasn’t inconceivable that such an old one might be slain, particularly by a skilled assassin. But he had to admit that it was bloody unlikely to have happened five times. What’s more, according to the forensic reports, the Poppets themselves had done the slaying. They had killed their own masters, then turned on each other in fits of rage and killed each other with whatever weapon was within reach—their own hands, if nothing else was available. Pleasure Poppets, Security Poppets, everyone, murdered in what seemed to be a giant murder-suicide pact.

Edwin frowned. “Are they all like this?”

“Yes. What is your analysis?”

Edwin whistled as he glanced over the photos, so many bodies carved up like bloody steak. “And it’s the Poppets who did this in every instance?”

“It would appear so.” 

“And no one knows why?”

“No one.”

Edwin leaned forward and used his chin to drag a forensic report closer. “Were the remains tested for drugs or other substances?”

“Nothing of importance came back from the lab—some light recreational drugs, but nothing known to induce this kind of violence in a human being.”

“Did the Poppets know each other?”

“No. Different ages, different cultures, separated by oceans or thousands of miles. Most did not even speak the same language. None of the Courts knew each other. It is a mystery.”

“What do the investigators think?”

“Perhaps a berserker rage. A flaw in the genetics.”

“Do you believe that?”

Foxley looked grim. “No.”

Edwin shook his head. “This looks too organized to be some random genetic quirk. And even if it was, there’s no bloody way it would happen again and again like this.” He’d done enough research for his own books to know there were organized and disorganized serial killers. Hell, he knew that from experience. Organized serial killers usually had high IQ’s and a tendency to keep to certain patterns. Disorganized serial killers were usually of lower intelligence and more random in their crimes. Despite the obvious chaotic feel of the crimes, this looked tight, organized, high IQ. Whoever had done this knew exactly when, how and where to hit a great many isolated individuals. That suggested organization. “This looks almost like urban combat or a terrorist organization of some kind,” he observed.

“You grasp the situation. What else do those pictures tell you?”

Edwin stared long and hard at the photostats in all their gory black-and-white splendor. “It’s a message of some kind. A warning.”

“That was my initial analysis, as well.”

“What do the Courts say?”

“The High Courts convened a few weeks ago to discuss the matter, and we agree the crimes are likely being committed by some kind of extremist group, perhaps one in opposition to the Vampire Bill, except…”

“This can’t be the work of humans,” Edwin finished for him. “Not alone. Humans couldn’t control all these Poppets like this.” He thought about that a second. “But a vampire in possession of bloodkinetics could do it.” He eyed Foxley suspiciously. 

“I had considered that, yes.”

“That makes you a suspect.” Edwin offered Foxley a small, wry smile. “You and Lord Rathbone.” 

Rathbone was the only other known bloodkinetic in the world capable of controlling so many people at once. He was old, dating back to Pharaonic Canaan in North Africa. The problem was, Rathbone had disappeared over ten years ago, presumed dead.

Foxley leaned against the desk and indicated the torrent of files. “The investigation is still ongoing into Rathbone’s past. We all agree the crimes are following some sort of pattern, and that they will continue to do so until they are stopped.” 

“Terrific. So you lot spent the better part of several weeks sitting around agreeing that what’s happening really is happening.” Edwin rolled his eyes—their vampire taxpaying dollars at work. “Is anyone investigating Rathbone’s present whereabouts?”

Foxley grimaced. “He cannot be found.” 

Edwin would have thrown his hands up had they not been chained behind his back. The Courts were predictably useless, as usual. It was the same with vampire sex offenders. If a vampire was found abusing the Poppets under his care, the High Courts just moved the vampire around until everyone forgot about it. “Have any of you thought to contact the FBI, CIA…Interpol? Anything?” 

Foxley looked insulted. “All the victims were vampires, or Poppets owned by vampires. There were no humans slain, so why would human police take any interest in our problem? They will say, ‘These are no dead humans here, this is not our jurisdiction. Go to your Courts,’ which we have.”

Edwin sighed. “What are the Courts doing now?”

Lord Foxley made a dismissive gesture. “They do not know. They have no leads.” He placed a hand across his middle. It was a genteel gesture, one seldom seen anymore because gentlemen used to do that when they felt the need to go for a blade on their belt. Foxley was afraid. Edwin had never seen his master so afraid before. “I suggested bringing in human detectives or hiring private investigators, but the other Courts voted against it. I was overruled.”

Edwin leaned back uncomfortably in his seat and stared long and hard at Foxley. “I’m not a detective, you know, I just write about them. And by the way, by now the leads are so bloody cold I’m not sure Sherlock Holmes shagging Miss Marple could investigate this.” He indicated the top file. “It’s called a cold case, Foxley. You would need a miracle to get a lead. You realize I’m just a writer? Way out of my league here?”

Foxley gave him a serene smile. “You are not a writer. You are the Prince, and the Prince is never out of his league.”

Edwin laughed. “Is that why I’m here? You want me to hold your hand, protect you from the big bad vampire slayers killing off all your blokes?”

Foxley pinned him with a sullen look. “Have you forgotten how to be the Prince?”

“No,” Edwin answered automatically, smiling humorlessly. “I just don’t like you, Foxley.”

“Really?” Foxley leaned forward and ran the tip of the flogger down the front of Edwin’s body. When he reached the Danger Zone, he smacked Edwin smartly on the balls. Edwin jumped. Foxley offered Edwin an insouciant smile. “I disagree. I think only that you have mislaid your feelings for me.” 

“Foxley, I’m a married man.” 

“What a terrible waste.”

Chains rattled against the bars of the birdcage. “You perverted little brat, unhand my husband immediately!”

Foxley turned to glance at Eliza, his expression souring. “I beg your pardon, madam?”

Eliza gave him her dangerous face. “I said take your hands off my husband! He’s not your lapdog anymore.”

Foxley laughed, the sound high and clear and polished. “Edwin will always be my lapdog, madam. He is my Heir, my magnum opus. I have poured more of my power into him than in any other. A thousand years away from my Court could not remove his loyalties…or fulfill his hungers.” 

Eliza set her jaw. “You leave Edwin alone. He’s mine, Foxley.”

Foxley narrowed his eyes, suddenly sober. “Edwin has loved the greatest beauties that history has ever produced. Do you really think a little girl like you, Mrs. McGillicuddy—a runaway Poppet!—can ever hope to satisfy his hungers?”

Eliza schooled her face to remain blank, though she feared the vampires could hear her frantic, thudding heartbeat from across the room. “What nonsense. I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

Foxley’s pale, hooded eyes looked her over. “You lie poorly, Poppet. I should scan your microchip, find your master, return you to him as lost property. Except that Edwin has taken a fancy to you, and I want to see Edwin happy.”

“How dare you. I am most certainly not a Poppet,” she said with supreme insult, carefully meeting his eyes. “Cosmetic surgery has simply made great advances. And Edwin is happy! We were perfectly happy until you came along!”

Foxley grinned. “Edwin is happy—for now. At least until a new fancy takes him.”

Eliza felt like spitting nails. “Do not demean our marriage, you nasty little boy! I’m not some brief fling. Edwin married me. Can you say the same for his other lovers?” She thought it was a very clever thing to say, and very true. She looked beyond Foxley and saw that Edwin was sitting in silence, staring off into space. Did he believe her lie about her not being a runaway Poppet? She couldn’t tell.

Lord Foxley bit back a smile as if he was experiencing a private joke. He got to his feet and strolled toward the cage, his eyes sparking like a hungry cat eyeing a plump little canary just out of reach. She backed up as much as the manacles would allow her. “I assure you, madam, I feel the hunger on him. It has not been slaked.” He took the bars in hand. He narrowed his eyes. “Do you really believe that you can satisfy him, little girl? Edwin’s hunger is an ocean.” 

“You’re a liar, Foxley,” Eliza barked back.

He inclined his head, eyes glittering. “When Edwin worked for me, he drew the blood of my enemies—he bathed in it. The Prince took enormous pride in his work.” He let that sink in before continuing. “My enemies cringed and crawled on their bellies before him, but he never once allowed mercy to taint his work. When it came to pain, Edwin was a true artist. One of his favorite methods was a slow, careful degloving of his victim’s face to extract information. And if the results were unsatisfactory…well, there was always the victim’s family, their friends…their loved ones. Edwin was quite ingenious in how he meted out pain. He knew exactly how to get under a victim’s skin, so to speak.”

Edwin cringed in his seat, his face turned away. 

Eliza felt a chill somewhere deep in her bones. “I don’t believe you. Edwin wouldn’t do such horrible things.” She kept expecting Edwin to explode and deny these accusations, to say something in his own defense, but he continued to just sit there and stare at the floor between his feet.

“Do you actually believe that, madam?” Foxley asked, his voice dripping with niceties. “Have you never asked him what it is he used to do as the Prince? Do you really believe he is some beautiful, romantic figure, no blood on his hands? Madam, he is a vampire, a monster, one of the most dangerous I have ever made.” He hooked one arm inside the cage like a cat playing with a bird. “Edwin has no respect for anything except his own hunger and pleasures. He is not capable of love, whatever you may think.”

Eliza shuddered and closed her eyes, wishing Foxley would go away like a nightmare. Instead, he turned and glanced aside at his Heir. “Now then, Lord Edwin. You are well aware of Court etiquette, and you have always been a strong supporter of it.” He smirked. “You possess another Lord’s property. You really ought to give it back.”

Eliza waited, heart flitting in her throat where it ought not to be, expecting Edwin to say something, to do something, to deny these horrible accusations. But he looked stunned. 

Foxley observed them both with shrewd eyes and an expression she wished she could throw another laptop at. “Neither of you can deny it. Your so-called marriage is a sham, made up entirely of lies, not entirely unlike human marriages, in fact.” He turned his feral attention back on Eliza. “Now, Mrs. McGillicuddy, I think your master might be very interested in knowing where his property has gotten off to.”

Eliza licked her lips nervously. She had to think fast. Her future, her freedom, her very life, depended on it. She forced the words out. “Edwin is my master now, Foxley.”

He didn’t smirk, but his eyes were bright and wicked. He looked her over, raking his eyes up and down her body in a way that made her feel naked. “You bear no marks, either as a Courtesan or as a Favorite. You do not feed him. Strange, unhappy little Poppet.” Withdrawing a key from his pocket, Foxley unlocked the door of the birdcage.

A sharp snap of wood made them both turn. Edwin had finally come to life and broken the entire bench to escape, the chains dangling King Kong-style from his wrists. He started determinedly toward them, but a pile of well-trained Security Poppets rushed to intervene. One threw a chain of black wrought iron about his neck, another grabbed and twisted the chains on his wrists, all of which made him stall and choke, his flesh smoldering on contact with the sacred cold iron. He grunted and went down hard on his knees, his arms pinioned behind him. “Eliza…” he groaned. 

She felt numbed far beyond anything she had ever felt before. It was like she’d been struck blind. She looked upon Edwin, but she could feel nothing for him; he might as well be dead, undead…no, it was more like he had never existed at all. And maybe that was the ultimate truth. Maybe the Edwin she had married had never really existed. “Is it true?” she whispered as Foxley stepped inside her cage, her throat dry and clicking. “Edwin…is it all true?”

Edwin convulsed from the poisoning of the iron. His kept his head bent, his voice coming out hoarse and strained. “You don’t understand. You must let me explain...!” 

“I don’t want explanations, Edwin. I want a yes or a no answer. Did you really hurt the families of your enemies? Did you really do those horrible things?”

Edwin remained silent, a silence so profound that Eliza began to cry in response even as Lord Foxley approached her. She tried to shirk away, but the fur-lined manacles held her firmly in place. “No, please…” she begged, hating herself and the pleading quality of her own voice. In that moment, she would have done anything to keep that thing away from her…that thing, and the pain gathering inside of her like storm clouds on a once sunny day. 

Foxley stopped and just looked at her. He raised his hand, brushing the back of his fingers against her tearstained cheek. Eliza shuddered and closed her eyes. “Is it true? Is he really such a monster?”

“Poor, unhappy, little Poppet,” Lord Foxley crooned. His voice had become light and breathy, the voice of the innocent little boy again. 

She didn’t care if he sent her back to live with her master. It didn’t matter what he did to her now. He could heap no greater pain upon her heart than this. 

Foxley took her face in his cold little hands and jerked it around so she was staring directly into his eyes. His face held only the faintest traces of the masculine beauty that might have come into it, had he been allowed to develop naturally. His eyes were the blue of cloudless skies, his hair like virgin morning sunlight, and there was a faint, boyish blush to his cheeks, like marble kissed by moonlight. He smiled, and it was the most beautiful thing Eliza had ever seen. Suddenly, nothing mattered but that smile. Nothing mattered but this moment, to be here with him. Nothing mattered but him. It was like the world had stopped turning and was holding its breath because of him, because of that beatific smile. The world, all worlds, revolved around him. 

In a dim and distant part of her mind, she realized that Lord Foxley was turning a trick on her. She had never felt for anyone like she felt for Lord Foxley. It wasn’t just love or desire; it was more than that. It was spiritual, as if a god had presented himself to her, pale and smiling and infinitely forgiving, taking away all the pain in her heart, making her forget. Helping her to heal. There was the pure, certain knowledge that if she didn’t touch him, she would die, body and soul. But even as she thought these things, a part of her mind knew it wasn’t true. But it felt true. And at the moment she could do nothing but feel. 

Foxley kissed her, a kiss so hungry it stole her breath away. She clenched her fists in the manacles above her head. Foxley deepened the kiss, rolling his cold tongue deep into her mouth. He pressed himself against her, his hands clutching her hips to keep her in place. He made a long hissing noise into her mouth and she felt heat pool in her belly and move further downward. His hand pressed against the juncture of her thighs and she began to whimper and thrust herself against him. Someone was shouting at her, but she ignored the voice as Foxley’s hands moved languidly over her body under her skirts, shaping her, sharpening her desire for him. “Pretty Poppet,” he was saying against the shivery skin of her throat, “do you want to be mine? Do you want to belong to me?”

She made a noise of acquiescence in her throat, unable to formulate any greater pattern of speech than that. 

“What a lovely Courtesan you will make,” he whispered in her ear as his cool hand found her through the lacy barriers of her underthings. “And perhaps, one day, more. Perhaps a beautiful vampiress.”

It made perfect sense. She groaned as he pressed his purring voice and tickling little kisses against the side of her neck. His hand under her skirts found her and she jerked at the moment of penetration, his fingers at her core and his teeth in her throat. He was cold, a coldness that flowed outward in waves from those two points of penetration and seemed to invade her whole body. She jerked spastically as she came hard, again and again, rattling her chains against the bars of the cage, but Foxley held her firmly in place, his mouth pressed to her wound as he drank and drank, his tongue swirling against the little pain in her throat. 

“Foxley!” Edwin was screeching. “Foxley, I’ll kill you!”

Foxley, grinning, let Eliza go. She fell in her chains like a boneless toy, her dim eyes fluttering, her face lax and full of love as she stared at the vulgar thing before her. 

Foxley, his eyes burning black in his narrow, vulpine face, brought his fingers to his lips and licked them one by one. He opened his bloodlink to Edwin in that moment, a brief, angry slash of sensation that made Edwin stagger as he felt what Foxley felt. Eliza’s sweet, minty taste and nourishing blood mingled in Foxley’s mouth as he contemplated his prize. “You and your raven-haired women, Edwin. All your little pretties…all your little princes. All so very sweet. And this pretty not the least of them.” 

Edwin shook his head in defiance and confusion.

Foxley drew his handkerchief from his sleeve and dabbed properly at his bloodstained mouth. He made his eyes factitiously large. “You didn’t know? All those women. All those princes you loved and lost? They did not leave you, my boy, driven away by your monstrousness. They simply became mine…as your Eliza will soon be.”

“You’re dead,” Edwin snarled, his hair falling in his feral black eyes. “I swear to Christ, Foxley, I’ll fucking kill you!” He shoved himself to his feet, lunging forward despite the burning chains, despite the power of the Poppets holding him back. 

For one heartbeat the two vampires clenched and Edwin snapped his teeth at Foxley’s throat, but Foxley moved so quickly and evasively that even Edwin never saw it coming. He rose upward, wings fully extended, and kicked Edwin back down to the floor, the blow so powerful it felt like he’d walked into a locomotive. He could do nothing but wind himself up into a ball on the floor and wheeze as his broken bones popped and mended themselves.

The Security Poppets moved forward.

“Leave him be,” Lord Foxley commanded, a hand raised. He took his little key to Eliza’s manacles, then stepped outside the cage once more. 

The guards drifted back and eyed Edwin carefully like a wounded creature that might whip around and bite them all. Edwin climbed slowly to his feet, gasping and coughing with the ugly burn marks around his throat. He stumbled forward until he reached the edge of the birdcage that Foxley had closed and relocked. There he dropped to his knees. 

Eliza, slowly emerging from her stupor, lay curled on the floor, looking smaller and more childlike than he was used to seeing. She was crying softly as reality slowly filtered back into her world. She was marked; he could smell Foxley on her, a cool, pungent scent, like rain and reptile. He thought about all the others, his lost women, his tragic little princes. He thought about Eliza. Suddenly he wondered if the rage would rip him apart from the inside. All these years he’d thought his lovers had left him because of what he was, a vampire. A monster. He’d no idea Foxley was behind it all. He rattled the birdcage, then reached past the bars, desperate to touch but unable to reach her. “Eliza…” His voice was little more than a husky, scorched sound coming out of his burned throat. He rammed his shoulder against the cage in an effort to reach her and the whole structure rocked side to side. 

Eliza, suddenly awake, scooted back in the cage, scrunching herself against the bars at the far side as if she didn’t recognize him, as if she didn’t trust him at all. She touched her throat, Foxley’s mark, and began to scream in fear.

Edwin stopped. He knew even without asking that it was over, his marriage crushed like a house of cards in a windstorm. Another lover lost. Eliza would never trust him again, and without trust, they could have no relationship at all. He closed his eyes and sucked the rage and horror back down inside of himself, wallowing in the tragedy of it all. “Let her go and I’ll stay with you,” he begged Foxley. “A fair trade, a life for a life. That’s what you really want, isn’t it? You want me to come back to you.”

Foxley stood over him. “As if you would stay, my Prince.”

“You’ve ruined her, Foxley. You’ve ruined us,” Edwin cried. He wanted to roar and pound the floor until his fists were bloody and his hands broken, but he controlled his temper and his voice. If he lost control now he’d get nothing from Foxley. “Do you think I want to go back to earth now? Do you think there’s anything left for me there?”

Foxley smiled heartlessly. “The Poppet stays. She’s mine now, Edwin. I’ve already marked her as my Courtesan. I may go a step further and make her a Favorite. I might even make her my Heir someday, perhaps even an Enforcer. She’s quite the spitfire. The possibilities are endless.”

“I’ll kill you first, Foxley. I’d kill her before you did that to her.”

Foxley shrugged as if Edwin were merely casting compliments upon him. “We shall see, won’t we?” 

“Foxley…it isn’t fair.”

Again with the facetious eyes. “My boy, whatever made you think life is fair?”
 

***


ENDNOTES


How to Purchase

A Clockwork Vampire, the ebook, is available for $3.99 from most online ebook vendors. The fastest and easiest way to purchase it is to visit BN.com or Amazon.com and do a search of ‘a clockwork vampire koehler,’ without the quotation marks. You can also buy directly off your Kindle reading device by searching the keywords ‘a clockwork vampire koehler’.

If you are still having difficulty finding a copy of the book, please contact the author at khkoehler@yahoo.com or visit the author’s website at www.khkoehler.com.

About K. H. Koehler

K. H. Koehler is the author of various novels and novellas in the genres of horror, SF, dark fantasy, steampunk and young adult. She is an associate editor at KHP Books and owner of K. H. Koehler Books. Her official website is located at http://www.khkoehler.com.

About Louise Bohmer

Louise Bohmer is a freelance editor and writer based in Sussex, New Brunswick. She edits for Permuted Press, and is an associate editor with KHP Books. Her debut novel, The Black Act, was released by Library of Horror in 2009, but is now out of print. You can read her short fiction in Old School, The Red Penny Papers, and Courting Morpheus. Her poetry can be read in Death In Common. Visit her website at http://www.louisebohmer.com.

***


OTHER TITLES BY K. H. KOEHLER

Available from Amazon, Amazon International sites and Barnes & Noble:

THE COMPANY OF ANGELS

(The Horrorotica Collection)

Love At the End of the World…

In 2015 the plague has reduced the world population to a third, and more are dying everyday. Economic collapse has forced large cities to restructure themselves into loose militia groups. In New York City, survivors fight for food and shelter in barbaric street gangs.

Fathers Max and Christophe run the last “civilized” place for children and the destitute to escape the violence and disease of the streets. But when the mysterious Julian shows up at their clinic, in need of medical attention, Chris begins to question what more may be lurking just outside their door. Julian is tall and beautiful, and he holds an almost hypnotic charm over all those he encounters.

Chris wants to believe that Julian may be of celestial origin. He wants to believe in the last lingering vestiges of love on earth. But a series of mysterious and gruesome deaths at the clinic leads him to suspect otherwise. Fair, pale-eyed Julian looks like an earthbound angel…but he may be just one more devil in a city that is living on the very edge of hell itself.

THE DREADFUL DOCTOR FAUST

(The Horrorotica Collection)

A Bad Romance…

Three victims disappear off the streets of New York, never to be seen again: a high school janitor, a top New York model, and a barkeep. Three people who have seemingly no connection to each other. Yet all three are connected to Louise, a teenage runaway who has recently gone missing.

Louise came to the big city to create a new life for herself. That life ended when a cruel sadist abducted her, mutilated her body and face, and dumped her remains in the East River. Not quite dead, she floated ashore to the ruins of an abandoned church. There she was found and saved—but what saved her wasn’t human. He hasn’t been human in well over one hundred years.

The underground calls him the Doctor, a shadow-figure who wields the powers of life and death in equal measure, and for his own dubious purposes. A Victorian-era, genius surgeon who has discovered the secret to not only defeating tissue rejection, but immortality itself, he rebuilds Louise, giving her a new face, a new identity, and a taste for revenge.

Now Louise is back, remade and redesigned into a perfect murder machine by the Doctor’s talented hands. She is cutting a path of vengeance through the echelons of the city, from its lowest bowels to its loftiest towers, and nothing in heaven—or hell—can stop her.

Listed a Top Book of 2010 by Literary Mayhem.

Praise for The Dreadful Doctor Faust:

“A tale that stands on its own with an underlying darkness that reaches deep into the soul and rips it out at the roots.” — Famous Monsters of Filmland

“Recommended for fans of dark, gothic tales – both well told and fascinating.” — Horror World

“Gory, pulpy fun.” — Horror Fiction Review

“A love song to revenge and the ultimate body modification.” — BookLove

OUROBOROS

(The Horrorotica Collection)

Corporate crime boss Joey Costello hires the mysterious assassin known as “O” to hit one of the biggest hitmen in the business. For O, it’s just another job in a long, bloody line of work. Then O’s past catches up with him—a past that stretches back not years but centuries.

Most men are in the business for the money. O is in it for the meat…

“Koehler has managed to seamlessly weave together blood, guts and Asian folklore into a fantastic modern monster story.” – Horror Fiction Review

TALES FOR 3 O’CLOCK IN THE MORNING

5 dark tales for a sleepless night from multi-genre author K. H. Koehler, ranging from the humorous to the macabre, and all worlds in between…

You may never sleep again.

A CLOCKWORK VAMPIRE, A MRS. MCGILLICUDDY MYSTERY 
(MRS. MCGILLICUDDY #1)

A Most Unsuitable Couple!

Edwin McGillicuddy is a former vampire Enforcer, once the right-hand man to the most powerful vampire Lord on earth. Eliza McGillicuddy is a strong-willed human woman who spends her days fixing watches, and creating weapons, in her downtown Brooklyn watch shop. Their marriage is not only unlikely, but entirely unsuitable! And it’s about to be tested.

In an alternate New York City run entirely on steam power and high technology, “nonhumans” like vampires and shapeshifters are struggling for civil rights, and the McGillicuddys are about to find themselves in the middle of a firestorm.

Enter Lord Foxley, Edwin’s ex-master and maker. Fearful there is a murderer on the loose killing high-ranking vampire Lords and wiping out whole vampire Courts, he manipulates the couple into following the trail of a brilliant assassin. But it isn’t long before the assassin discovers a new target—in Edwin and Eliza!

Even blood, sweat and gears won’t get them out of this fix.

“Guaranteed to be a great Halloween mood-setter! Steampunk? Well, emphasis on ‘steamy’ in some of the many nice places! Very fast paced and great characterization.” —Ron Dee, author of Shade and Dusk
“Outrageous fun.” —BookLove

“If you like your steampunk and/or vampires on the very steamy side, this one is for you.” —Steampunk Canada

PLANET OF DINOSAURS 

(THE SASHA STRANGE CHRONICLES)

Victorian teen and intrepid inventor Sasha Strange found the doorway…to danger!
Just days before she’s to be married to the odious Lord Quinn, Sasha’s latest experimental device backfires and opens a dimensional gateway between our world and a prehistoric planet. What’s worse, it transports not just Sasha, but Sasha’s childhood friend Toby and the unforgivably arrogant Lord Quinn himself to a primeval jungle. 

Before you can say ‘Stegosaurus,’ Sasha and company are being pursued by the apex predator of the time, a flesh-eating Ceratosaurus which is ravaging the land. 

And if that isn’t bad enough, the Planet of Dinosaurs is home to the Sen, a race of telepathic bat-like people who want Sasha to kill the Ceratosaurus before she depletes their land of prey, or she may never see Toby alive again. 

But how does one kill over thirty feet of primordial teeth, hunger, and rage?

First in a new trilogy of SF adventures.

SEA OF SERPENTS 

(THE SASHA STRANGE CHRONICLES)

Love. Terror. Betrayal.

Sasha, Toby and Quinn continue their quest to find the legendary Valley of Song, which just might prove a way home for them all. But along the way, the travelers encounter all new dangers, both on land as well as in the sea. A tribe of savage primitive humans proves almost more dangerous than the giant beasts that hunt them. 

Plus, Sasha must resolve her feelings for one of her companions, one companion will betray them all, and one will be lost to the Planet of Dinosaurs forever!

Will any of the travelers make it back to London alive?

Second in a new trilogy of SF adventures.

VALLEY OF DRAGONS 

(THE SASHA STRANGE CHRONICLES)

The Final Battle…

In the conclusion of The Sasha Strange Chronicles, Sasha, Quinn and Dr. John Ulysses have finally reached the Valley of Song, only to discover they have but days to open a gateway home or risk being trapped on the Planet of Dinosaurs forever! Unfortunately, the Valley is protected by angry flocks of ravenous pterosaurs who will kill and consume anything that moves. 

In the midst of bloodshed and chaos, Sasha and John must work together to create a new Tuning Machine, further straining the already fragile relationship between Sasha and Quinn. And if that isn’t bad enough, She is moving ever closer to a final confrontation…

Who will live and who will die?

Third in a new trilogy of SF adventures.

BLACK JACK DERRINGER 

(THE COMPLETE COLLECTION)

The apocalypse sucks…especially when you’re broke!

All “Wild” Alice West wants is to be a respected bounty hunter and make some legitimate cash to fill her empty coffers. But in the post-apocalyptic world of the Skillet, there is no room for a woman doing a “man’s job.”

Enter Mr. Treen: gambler, gunslinger, albino. Alice believes that by hiring the mysterious card sharp, she can give her business the legitimacy it needs. But Mr. Treen has his own secrets—some of them dark. And once these two misfits get together, you can be sure the Skillet will never be the same again!
Includes all three novels in the critically acclaimed series: Book I: The Ace of Spades, Book II: The Queen of Hearts and Book III: The King of Swords, all in one volume!

“A fine and fascinating tale.” — Hellnotes

“A very fun and exciting story, perfect for urban fantasy, pop science fiction, and cross genre fans.” — Dark Scribe Magazine

“A superb western fantasy.” — Baryon Review

“Reads like Tombstone on acid.” — Monster Librarian

“Wild Alice West, Mr. Treen and a tale that will capture you from the very beginning…one of the best of 2009.” — John Paul Allen, author of Gifted Trust, Monkey Love and Marquee. 

“Mad Max meets Firefly…the world building is great. Koehler borrows from the classic post-apocalyptic tropes and archetypes and constructs a fascinating world of steam, sand, and wild-West-style action.” — FanGirlTastic 

“A fun story full of wry wit and clever wordplay.” — Horror Drive-In

RAIJU 

(A KAIJU HUNTER NOVEL)

Being a teen wizard sucks…

His home destroyed by a rampaging kaiju, or giant monster, Kevin Takahashi and his father relocate to New York City where Kevin believes the nightmare is over and the only battleground left to face from now on is high school.

But soon after his arrival in the Big Apple, a new kaiju emerges. Qilin is so powerful that even the U.S. Military may be unable to contain or destroy the monster. And if that isn’t bad enough, Kevin is falling in love with Aimi Mura, the resident “bad girl,” and the girlfriend of the toughest bully in school.

But will Aimi still want him when she discovers his darkest secret? Because Kevin is more than a ragged refugee from the now defunct city of San Francisco. He’s also a Keeper — a teen wizard who can summon ancient, demonic god-beasts to do battle for him, and his creature to call is Raiju, the oldest of the ancient Kami.

Kevin has only a short time to win Aimi over and save the city of New York. Because Raiju and Qilin are about to clash, and after the dust settles, there may be no home left for either one of them!

“Young adult, teen fiction, I don’t really care what you call it, this is one hell of a monster book.” –Famous Monsters of Filmland Magazine

“A quick read, and the monster parts are definitely fun.” –Shroud Magazine

“I loved this story. It is the quintessential kaiju story and anyone who loves Japanese kaiju stories will like this book, regardless of their age.” –MonsterLibrarian.com

“Ms. Koehler has a hit with this book. Rousing action, teen angst, and just enough Japanese myth to whet our appetites. In short, this book rocks!” –SurvivalWeekly.com

***
VISIT K. H. KOEHLER BOOKS AT:
http://khkoehlerbooks.wordpress.com/

