
THE AMBROSIAN CHRONICLES
BOOK ONE


WARLORD

by

KATY WINTER


Published by The Furhaven Press
Smashwords Edition

Copyright: Katy Winter 2013
All Rights Reserved


ISBN 978-0-473-26239-6



To my husband, without whom this book would not have been written.




Some explanatory lists to aid the reader.

The Churchik warrior hierarchy:

Warlord - has overlordship of all ranks. Below him, in order of seniority are:
Elite Haskars (some were on the Warlord's Council)
Haskars
Tempkars
Acedars
Beduars
Warriors who are the lowest ranked.

The Unseen Ones and their chosen species:

Abus - Shadowlanders
Benth - Mages of Yarilo
Crue - Wildwind Desert tribesmen
Huma - Rox
Lais - Gnosti
Marl - Dragons on Ice Isle
Minac - Conclave of Reader/Seekers
Misa - Sinhalien of the southern steppes
Obli - Dryads and nymphs from the north of Ambros
Sympho - Rox

The Conclave of Reader/Seekers:

Headed by the Mishtok (Aceke)
Adepts - Setoni, Leon and Morsh (aka Morjar).

The Family of Melas and Alfar of Ortok:

Bethel (aka Beth)
Brue - son of Melas and Bruno
Myme Chlo (aka Chlorien) - daughter of Melas and Elbe
Sarehl the eldest son
Twins Daxel (aka Dase) and Luton (aka Lute)


The Dahkilan Family:

Ensore - Chamah (ruler) of the state of Dahkilah, Marshal of the United Forces of the North.
Eli - younger brother of Ensore (sets up the Intelligence network of the northern forces.)
Kasan - sister of Eli and Ensore.

Characters known by more than one name or title:

Autoc - aka Scholar/Schol ' - Father' to Chlorien, and Master Mage of Yarilo
Bene - aka Benhloriel/Burelkin - Archmage of Yarilo
Bethel - aka Beth
Blach - aka Sorcerer of the Keep
Choja - aka Sophysun
Chojoh - aka the Sophy
Daxel - answers to Dase
Ensore - aka the Marshal, also the Chamah, ruler of Dahkilah
Foresters - aka as Sache, Dalmin, Arth, Kalor, Ensore.
Indariol - aka Aelkin of the Shadowlands
Kalor - a Cyrenic aka as the Domon
Luton - answers to Lute
Malekim - aka Elbe - Master Mage of Yarilo
Myme Chlo - answers to Chlorien
Sarehl - aka Strategos

Also see the Glossary at the end of the book.


CHAPTER ONE

It was the end of a glorious summer. Autumn came quickly on the Shadowlands and crept with mellow tones, but chill winds, on the rest of Ambros. It was the end of the Second Age. On the fringe of a clearing stood a boy, gazing with the abstraction of childhood, his eyes drawn to the swift flowing river that until recently was warm. He walked until he was ready to stoop over the edge. He let himself slither down the bank over a series of bumps, then began to fill a leather gourd he held carelessly in one hand.
He gave an exclamation when he saw the water he'd gathered was muddy. He realised if he wanted fresh water he'd have to wade further out, at least ankle deep, where he could see water ran clear. With a sigh, he moved out. He forgot about the gourd, his face suddenly grave and his expression preoccupied as he stood and watched the eddying current. A voice from beyond the river brought up his head.
"Benhloriel! Benhloriel! Hurry."
Benhloriel swung his head to the voice. The gravity of expression lifted and the boy responded in a lilting musical voice.
"I’m just getting fresh water."
Benhloriel stooped, filled the gourd, stoppered it, and turned to leave the river. He was an exceptionally tall boy for nearly eight cycles and was as slender as the Shadowfolk. Shadowlanders were universally tall, but Benhloriel outstripped those his age - they barely reached his shoulder. His eyes were different from the folk about him too. They were huge, startlingly violet, and fringed by long curling eyelashes that were as black as his eyebrows, while long auburn curls clustered thickly about his head. They fell disordered to his shoulders. Anyone sighting him for the first time would have been struck by the sensitivity of the face. Another voice arrested his progress.
"Can you perhaps help me?" it said quietly.
With a start Benhloriel swung round, overbalanced, lost the gourd and fell headlong into the river, completely losing his footing on the stony bed. He came up spluttering and muttering oaths. He fished about for the gourd that he spotted a short distance from him, grasped it, and then tried to see through a sodden mane to the further bank. He took a wary step back.
What he saw gave him pause. It was a very old man, his white hair thick and softly blowing in the light breeze that ruffled the long grasses at the water's edge. The old man seemed uncertain on his feet and finally sank where he stood, so Benhloriel could only see his head. The boy was of two minds. Curiosity warred with caution. Being only a child and not anticipating any immediate threat from one so ancient, he cocked his head.
"You could come across and assist me," invited the old man. Benhloriel shook his head.
"How do I know who or what you are?"
"A cautious lad," sighed the old man appreciatively. "That's very true. I could turn you into something I suppose, couldn't I?"
"Nah!" returned Benhloriel.
"Yet you don't run from me?
"No," agreed Benhloriel.
"Why's that?”
Benhloriel gave a childish giggle and for the next few minutes occupied himself with tying the gourd firmly to the belt at his waist. It was only then he lifted his head to stare at the old man, a wisdom on his face that sat oddly on such young features.
Benhloriel considered him for a long moment. "You mean me no harm," he pointed out. "You don't treat me like a child either."
"No," concurred the old man. "To do so would be to insult you. Indeed your assistance would be appreciated. Can you come to me?"
The boy thought. Then he began slowly to wade across the river, up to waist high in water at one point, before he reached the shallows where he scrambled to the edge of the bank. To pull himself up near the old man, he had to get secure purchase on a root. Panting, he took the outstretched hand, allowed the man to pull him closer, and then sank onto the grass to get his breath.
"It's fast flowing," he said on a gasp. "Cold now too. I swam here not long ago."
"Seasons and time wait for no one," commented the old man affably. "Soon the river will be unsafe to cross."
"We'll be gone by then," replied Benhloriel, inexpertly wringing out the end of his light tunic. "My clanin move today. Madril tells me we head south to deeper forest, just as we usually do."
"And your father? He goes too?" Benhloriel shrugged.
"I know no estim," he answered frankly. "I'm a love child of a horse trader, so Madril tells me, someone from southern lands she says she cared for. She's not seen him since before I was born."
The old man was silent for a few minutes, then he said, "Your name is Benhloriel."
Caught by surprise that the old man should know his name, Benhloriel turned his head so he could study the lined, kindly face beside him. He nodded slowly, as if in a dream. He felt snared. The old man's eyes drew him inward in some way, so much so that he could neither blink nor break eye contact. He was drawn as if through water. He seemed to have become a disembodied thing, unable to think or see. Yet he felt no panic. He was strangely content to simply float.
~~~
Not so the old man. The boy fell against him quite suddenly, his head slumped so that it rested, face up, on the old man's lap. The eyes, violet and glazed, stared upwards. Asqarn bent his head to keep eye contact as he entered the boy's deep consciousness. An ancient archmage, he had the ability to farsee, a talent and skill he rarely used - this day he knew he had no choice but to use it.
Mystified, he watched the boy's creation. He didn't recognise the man who willed the slight Shadowlander woman to an erotic response, but a sense of deepest foreboding told him Benhloriel had a most unusual father indeed. Even the man's looks were an oddity on Ambros. He was a large man, of great height, with long curling black hair, sweaty now with passion, and his big violet-purple eyes were closed. Asqarn knew the exact moment Benhloriel was flung upwards with force and woven into a warm, dark, moist consciousness. Asqarn could feel the spark of life.
~~~
An image shift took Asqarn cycles ahead. Benhloriel stood beside his mother who had protective arms about him.
"Leave him with me," she implored. "He belongs here with us. It's the only home he's ever known."
Benhloriel's sire stood uncompromisingly, his unusually coloured eyes snapping in a spurt of temper.
"You should have told me of him, Shahdan. He's my son, damn it, my son. He'll be useful on the roads when I go back south and he’ll be company. As he's only half-Shadowlander, he won’t miss such a life. Abide by the rules, Shahdan. The Aelkin would order you to surrender him, or I can simply take him, because a father has the right to his son."
Asqarn sensed the boy's confusion. He felt, too, Benhloriel’s mother’s arms tighten, the warmth of the woman’s embrace washing over him. Shahdan let her arms fall, just as the man stepped forward. Benhloriel now knew who his father was. The man who surveyed Benhloriel was a musician, a drunkard, a man of magnetism, lust, and compelling eyes, who'd ensorcelled his mother time and again over the last weeks. Always she yielded, laughing.
Another shift saw Asqarn have a blurring of focus before a picture clarified. Asqarn saw an older boy. He was twelve cycles at most, too tall for the frailty of a thin body that knew hunger and cold. The auburn hair was plaited, tied back with a hide strip, and the violet eyes that stared out from a pinched face were wistful. Beside Benhloriel rode his sire. He looked over his son broodingly before he went back to playing a small, but complex, set of pipes. Occasionally he pocketed them, or handed them to Benhloriel, after which the man burst into song, his bass stunningly powerful and rich. A glow came to Benhloriel's eyes at the sound of the music.
~~~
Asqarn was next in a camp where folk milled about, many of them, drifting in aimless directions, then back again. Until the archmage's eyes settled on a small group beyond the firelight, Benhloriel was nowhere to be seen. He finally saw the boy trying half-heartedly to avoid blows, Benhloriel's sire filthy drunk. Regularly the big man took out his temper on his son. Benhloriel pleaded in a low voice. His sire only stopped when the woman with them tried to pull the man back and got a slap that sent her reeling. Benhloriel was released. He crawled away from the arguing pair as fast as he could. His father, distracted, leered down at the fallen, shrilly squalling woman, his hands pulling at her until she got to her feet and stamped her foot at him. The huge musician's temper eased. He burst out laughing.
~~~
The scene that followed was vivid. It made Asqarn shake with its implications. He watched Benhloriel run, until the boy collapsed, out of breath, half-in and half-out of a long deep ditch, where he lay, very still. Fear enveloped him and his chest heaved. Then he moved again as he crawled down as far as he could for protection. There was cursing behind him and heavy panting. The bass voice was very angry.
"You cursed half-bred son of a pedigree father! I'll find you, boy, and when I do, you'll be sorry you thought to make me search for you. I'll flay your hide!"
Asqarn saw defiance mixed with the fear on the boy's face, but the child made no move. The blustering voice went on for a few minutes, then became half-laughing, the man directly above Benhloriel. He hesitated.
"Benhloriel," came a wheedling voice instead of a threatening one. "It's no life for a boy alone, left to fend for himself. Come out and I won't beat you." Benhloriel hunched himself in silence for an answer.
Asqarn watched the boy. He stayed motionless. Then Asqarn’s gaze went to the swearing and stumbling musician who relapsed into angry grumbling. The man stood uncertainly. He blinked owlishly. Asqarn's attention went back to the boy. His eyes fixed in shocked disbelief on the simple but elegantly designed ring Benhloriel restlessly twisted on a finger of his left hand – the archmage went cold. He shuddered. He didn’t dare blink, let alone make the mistake of shutting his eyes. His instinct about the child was right. His sire was more than unusual.
"You still wear my ring, boy. If I choose, I can call you. Still, if you insist on your own way, so be it. Remember who gave you the ring and treasure the gift from your father, Benhloriel. Go your way."
The man made a dismissive gesture and began to walk slowly away, every so often standing to look back to see if the boy was there. Benhloriel stayed crouched, his eyes on the ring. He stayed there until it was dark.
~~~
What Asqarn now saw came in vague blurred snatches. He saw a boy with a healer who treated him with gentle kindness. The boy matured to an impatient, fiery youth who rejected what he was taught. Hands eloquently gestured in anger and frustration. The violet eyes snapped. Another image showed a more tempered young man, but he was restless.
~~~
In turn, these images were succeeded by a cruelly vicious battle that swept Benhloriel along with it. The man was irresistibly caught up within it, in a way that left him marked and his eyes cold. Asqarn saw jagged flares. They crossed the Ambrosian sky to spear the ground like lightning, only these were pulses of myriad colours that rebounded with phenomenal force. He sensed powers beyond understanding stormed and raged in the inner aethyr of Ambros.
Then, hurtling at tremendous speed, a dragon and his mage tore through a rift in the sky. They crash-landed in southern Ambros. Asqarn took a very deep breath because he knew who the mage would be. It was Benhloriel. At the same moment the glimpse of a lovely Ambrosian woman, possibly a nymph, briefly touched his consciousness and filled him with ominous premonition. He wanted to call out in warning. A shiver shook him.
~~~
One image outlasted the others. It occurred well past Asqarn’s own time in the Second Age. He instinctively knew it was in the Third or Fourth Age. He saw tumbled energy ribbons of light. They writhed in and out of each other, Benhloriel's blue energy merged with another that supported his. An attack from another combined energy irreparably weakened them. A third fragile energy, an indigo ribbon that was part of them, was flung away.
Then, suddenly, Asqarn knew he moved forward in time. Two columns of light shone brightly. Coloured shapes swirled in and out of them. They coalesced, separated, then became one, all absorbed within a shaft of amber light that shone more brilliantly than the others. The weakened blue energy ribbon, that was Benhloriel, was drawn into the shaft. The blue winked out.
"Ah, the gods spare us," moaned Asqarn. He stroked the hair of the boy lying so quietly in his lap. "Your future hangs about you like a shadow, child, yet your destiny isn't all dark." He sighed. "If only I could understand and make sense of things, but you're only a child." Asqarn continued to stare down at the limp figure, warmth in his eyes. He felt welling pity too. He traced a hand across the boy's forehead. "Find peace in the Shadowlands of your birth, Benhloriel. I've ensured it's there. I can at least do that for you. I wish I could do more."
Asqarn broke eye contact. He watched the boy's eyes slowly clear of milkiness, and made no move when the boy abruptly sat.
"I'm sorry I fell on you, Old One," Benhloriel stammered. He put up hands to eyes that he rubbed very hard. He shook his head.
"It’s nothing," replied Asqarn softly. "You came over dizzy, nothing more. The water was colder than I thought. Had I realized, I'd not have asked for your help." He pointed to his staff that he'd deliberately discarded beyond the grass and reeds. "I called so you could fetch my staff. So foolish of me to lose it when I need it."
Benhloriel jumped to his feet. He brushed his hair impatiently from his cheeks, and obligingly trotted over where the old man pointed, retrieved the staff, and came back to courteously hold it out.
"Thank you, lad," said the old man with a smile. "Your hand would be helpful too, Benhloriel."
Benhloriel grinned down. It was a smile that radiated from so deeply within, it touched the old man both with delight and cold dread. Asqarn took the thin hand, rose, then stretched across the boy to the staff. Benhloriel immediately relinquished it.
"Now I shan't trouble you again. Good hunting down in the southern Shadowlands."
Benhloriel nodded. He turned and gracefully made his way to the river. He didn't look back. Asqarn briefly studied him, then was gone in a shimmering of light. In an old man's place was a spiraling segat, its wings blurred with the speed of its ascent.
~~~
Benhloriel just reached the other side of the river, when a small group of Shadowfolk, his mother among them, emerged from the nearest trees and converged purposefully on the river. The boy heard calls and waved. Hands pulled him on to dry ground.
"What were you doing, child?" asked one of the men.
"An old, old man lost his staff. He called, so I crossed the river to help him," he explained, unaware of eyes fixed to his face.
"Did you now?" asked another Shadowlander. "That was kind of you." He stepped forward, tilted the boy's head and stared long into innocent eyes. What he read there made him most pensive. "Get the child warm," he snapped. "We have to move." A firm hand on Benhloriel's shoulder propelled him forward.


CHAPTER TWO

The so-called Unseen Ones had been gone for many cycles from Ambros. In their perambulations about the universes, they'd often meet one another to argue, laugh, and then, without further thought, they'd part and go their separate ways. One or other of them would stay in contact with their chosen species, the Rox. The Rox lived on a plane far beyond Ambros and Yarilo; their world was called Lilium. The mages resided on Yarilo, a plane quite some distance from Ambros. The Rox communicated with the mages on Yarilo, only through teleth. It was very rare these days for a Yarilan mage to sight a Rox; rarer still for any dragon to set eyes on a Rox.
Once, a long time ago, all species had lived together on Ambros, but no one remembered much about it. There had been interspecies matings too, until the Unseen Ones declared this had to stop. It hadn’t occurred since early in the Second Age: no one, other than perhaps the oldest dragons, knew why.
The Rox disappeared entirely from Ambros to settle on Lilium. They were barely recalled, even in legend. Common folk knew nothing of them, though scholars would recall them from ancient scripts. Where the Unseen Ones settled the Rox, they were protected and flourished - it was from there they were made responsible to the Unseen Ones for the continuing balance of Ambros. They were to oversee the satisfactory development of its inhabitants. The way they did was through the mages on another world that circled Ambros, called Yarilo. The Rox did this willingly, out of gratitude. They were the Guardians of Ambros.
~~~
The only ones who knew of the guardian Rox were the Yarilan mages who answered directly to Lilium. On Yarilo, the mages actively maintained the balance of Ambros. Each venerable mage was blessed with an ice dragon who bonded with that individual for the duration of a mage's life. Only a master could attain such a gift.
Mages were chosen for particular skills and talents; that was the responsibility of the Rox, though sometimes it happened a mage was found and brought to Yarilo without the prior knowledge of the Rox. Though this was rarely done, it had been known to happen. It did with the mage Bene. It was the Unseen Ones, however, who had the final decision of a mage's acceptability - both Lilium and Yarilo knew this.
~~~
Once, too, the dragons were seen all over Ambros, but now they lived in the far north of Ambros, on a huge and inhospitable island that few even knew existed. Those who might have known wouldn't have been so foolish as to attempt to find it. It was only known to Ambrosians, through legend, as Ice Isle. Dragons had been unseen now for hundreds of Ambrosian cycles; they were recalled only in mythology. Some of their number were ancient, with memories that stretched back far beyond any chronicles that were kept on Ambros, but these memories they kept to themselves. All dragons were ruled by the Unseen Ones, whether the mages willed it so or not.
~~~
The Unseen Ones were a disparate, indestructible group, quite amoral in many respects. Some could see only the amusing side of being, living their existences to the full, while others were sober and took existence less frivolously. As beings, they were changeable and unpredictable: there would be relative harmony among them, then as suddenly there'd be bitter discord. They could be companionable or solitary: maliciously fiendish or amiably charming: compassionate or pitiless. They were most often subject to whims.
So it was almost an oddity they finally managed to agree on a balance for Ambros. Perhaps it was because each Unseen One had a distinct sympathy and affection for one or other of the species who originally populated Ambros, this mutual affinity drawing them together this once.
~~~
Huma, with Sympho, were the ones who specifically chose the Rox so long ago. Marl selected dragons. Benth established the mages on Yarilo. Minac favoured the Reader-Seekers of the Conclave. Abus lived among the ghost ones of the Shadowlands in northern Ambros. Misa wandered happily with the Sinhalien plainsmen; her twin, Crue, knew life with the Wildwind desert tribes.
Lais liked the little people, or the Gnosti as they became known. Obli thoroughly enjoyed liaisons with nymphs and dryads over an extended period. Other Unseen Ones had come and gone on Ambros, taking whatever form suited them at the time, none of them strangers to Ambros.
Obli was the one most at ease and interested in Ambros. He was teased about nymphs, the raillery half-mocking, half-amused.
"You and your Ambrosians," was the comment. "We believe you would wander that world indefinitely." Obli gave the ghost of a laugh.
"They intrigue me," he admitted. "It’s an interesting and unusual world I wander."
Then, after the others, there was a rippling in the air, before he too was gone. That was a long time ago.
~~~
The Unseen Ones established the maintenance of a balance for Ambros because they'd once caused mischief of a serious kind and agreed it must never happen again. In times gone by, if an Unseen One took action that was seen by another to be partial, or detrimental to his or her chosen species, then reciprocity became a vicious game.
Ambros became a helpless victim, tossed to and fro in a tug of war. The Unseen Ones barely stopped in time. It followed the activities of one of their own and also saw the end of the First Age, the species separated in an effort to recreate a balance.
To ensure this, all the Unseen Ones agreed not to interfere, unless they saw a genuine threat, direct or otherwise, to their chosen species. This only happened once. It was caused by Huma and Sympho's son, Dire. Dire was proud and arrogant: to him humility was as alien as it was to other Unseen Ones. He was conceited and often needlessly hostile, isolating himself deliberately from the Unseen Ones for very long periods of time.
On Ambros, he settled in a deserted valley surrounded by fertile plains, where he built a fortress to amuse himself. He called it Lachir Keep. As he was ungracious and took umbrage easily, the Unseen Ones would have left him there indefinitely had he not been so ready to interfere with the inhabitants of Ambros. His final act was to take a fancy to one of Benth's mages, a young woman from the Shadowlands. Removing her from Yarilo to the Keep he mated with her and, from there through her, he began to interfere with the mages on Yarilo. He was affronted and embittered by the criticism he received.
When he and Onscre had a son, Dire made it clear he wished his son to accompany him, on and off Ambros, wherever he wished to go. He also stated his intention of mostly remaining on Ambros and continued to interfere with the mages. Huma and Sympho refused to let Dire stay on Ambros to make further havoc. Nor could he take his son to any other plane. When Dire set out to challenge his parents he was taken, and, a prisoner, removed from Ambros.
Soon after Dire's removal, his mate sickened. She appealed to Yarilo to take her son and train him as befitted his parentage, but it was only when the boy was three Ambros cycles and Onscre died, that the boy was finally taken to Yarilo. There he grew up under the tutelage of Benth's most outstanding mages. The boy's name was Malekim.
~~~
Before he was an adult, Malekim began to show all his father's less desirable traits; in the boy they were exaggerated. He was petulant and chaffed at discipline: he could be odious and spiteful and derived pleasure from hurting others. He had an antipathy to his tutors, all but one. Elucien, who taught the boy of the occult, found Malekim a disturbingly apt and fascinated student.
The boy loathed his fellow students. He showed, in everything he did, that he despised them, nor did he care to understand or respect the balances of sorcery; they meant nothing to him. What Malekim came to seek was the control and manipulation of all living things. He wished most to be worshipped. He wanted to be ageless and sought his father's immortality as a prize beyond everything else, his paternity what spurred him to be a greater mage than any other.
On Yarilo, none of the mages knew where Dire went. The Unseen Ones never intended they should know. The Rox were kept in ignorance as well. Like all mages, Malekim was aware of the existence of the Rox and accepted their very few calls to him in teleth, but, unlike all the other mages on Yarilo, he was never able to learn to teleth reciprocally. This also embittered him.
Because this lack annoyed him so intensely, Malekim was determined to learn to do something more successfully than anybody else. His early attraction to the dark arts began, increasingly, to be an obsession. What alarmed the masters was Malekim’s talent for it; the mages hoped his fascination would wane in time.
By the time Malekim was a young man, he was reluctantly seen as destructive and obstructive. He began to manipulate the minds of those on Ambros. Yarilo saw this as malevolent. To this young mage it was all an experiment, even a game. Malekim enjoyed inflicting pain. As cycles passed, he became increasingly ferocious, even, unknown to his fellow mages, beginning to tamper with the essences of those on Ambros with whom he experimented. One who watched him, was a master mage called Benhloriel.
~~~
By now Malekim was mature and as powerful a mage as any other. He abandoned Yarilo to take up residence in the deep south of Ambros, as his father once did. It was there he found a highly cultured and civilised people, unique and advanced, who flourished around the rich lands adjacent to the Keep.
They were called Druans. These people were intelligent and deeply gifted, many among them seers and, almost universally, they had musical talents. They had scholars among them who recorded their music and writings and although they were warriors, they weren't cruel, nor did they impose their rule on others. Their bards, scholars and seers were revered. They yearned for, and dedicated their lives to, the quest for knowledge.
Malekim studied the Druans for cycles. Then, without warning or compunction, he set out to destroy them. He did it so thoroughly that few of the Druans escaped into the deep south. There, they were absorbed into lesser developed tribes. At first their talents were appreciated, but, as cycles went by, these talents were seen as threatening, so any born showing signs of them were slaughtered out of hand. Later still, some of the tribes did struggle to try to preserve the skills of the bards and the seers, but much was lost.
Malekim saved both the chief bard and chief scholar of the Druan people. Until they died, they were locked in chambers in the Keep, where they were forced to copy their knowledge onto parchment. Once drained, they were disposed of. By then the Keep was a huge repository of knowledge that the mage intended should never benefit Ambrosians. If the Rox and Yarilo wanted to help Ambrosians, Malekim would do all he could to hinder them. He watched the subsequent descent into savagery among southerners with enormous amusement and satisfaction.
~~~
He now, laughingly, turned his attention to the inhabitants of northern Ambros. He encouraged hostility and eventually war. The Rox watched the increasing appeal to arms with mounting concern. Their anxiety deepened when the northmen, finished fighting with each other, turned to look covetously at the south. The uneasy truce in the north firmed. The north went to war against the south. The resulting conflict was bloody and Malekim enjoyed his participation in it very much.
His fellow mages, conscious of the tilt in the balance of Ambros, decided to act. The battle between the mages was gargantuan. It saw the end of the Second Age on Ambros. Nor was it a clear-cut struggle. Mages split over whom to support. Some mages contended that Malekim only mischievously fomented a wish for war that already existed in the Ambrosian mind: others argued that he'd deliberately instigated aggression. Chief among these was a master mage called Benhloriel. This schism among the mages placed the balance of Yarilo in jeopardy - the balance on Ambros was now seriously overset.
The Rox were forced to intervene. Huma and Sympho became involved. Benth already was. Because the Shadowlanders became targets of the southeners, Abus took umbrage and encouraged his people to fight back. Lais, too, entered the fray, in support of the Gnosti whom Malekim drew in out of sheer spite.
Malekim demanded Dire be allowed back to Ambros. When told this wouldn't happen, in unspeakable fury the young mage threw down a challenge to Huma and Sympho from his southern fortress. It was unheard of for a mage to do such a thing.
Called on by the Rox, the dragons swept down on Ambros as the mages battled. The Rox, supported by the Unseen Ones, challenged the supporters of Malekim among the mages.
~~~
It was a horrendous battle that left over half the Yarilan mages dead. Many dragons were either broken or died. Many Rox perished. Other species on Ambros were decimated. Malekim was brought before the Unseen Ones and judged by all as culpable. About to pronounce judgement, they heard the call for clemency from Yarilo.
"You plead with eloquence, Benhloriel. Do you represent the surviving mages of Yarilo?"
Benhloriel stood alone in the grove. His teleth was powerful and clear. "I wouldn’t presume to come solely on my own behalf." His long auburn curls blew in the wind. The violet eyes were sombre.
"You ask us to spare Malekim the unmaking. Be careful what you wish for, mage. The outcome may not be what you hope or expect. If we grant clemency, you may live to regret it, all of you. However, like you, we can hope Malekim learns from what follows."
There was a very long silence, so long Benhloriel wondered if he was alone. Then the voice he knew was Benth’s, as cold as ice, entered his mind and spoke curtly.
"Your wish is granted."
Benhloriel left the grove.
~~~
Malekim was exiled to Ambros. For his punishment he was sentenced to a long period of endurance, with all the pain and suffering he'd caused others channeled back into him with remorseless force, cycle after cycle. It was impossible for him to be untouched by the raw power of emotion that coursed through him day after day.
To cope with this ungovernable flood of anguish, Malekim forced himself to become partly insensible; a tiny part of his essence withdrew and made itself impassable and passionless. As the rest of his being fought the pathos of thousands, and lost, this minute part of Malekim's essence held, barely aloof. As his mind and body finally broke under the assault, that small part of his being struggled to survive.
What motivated its survival, was total alienation and hatred. An implacable loathing of all the Unseen Ones stood for swept over that faint, flickering essence that was Malekim. A desire to destroy, once and for all, the balance they held so dear for Ambros was what sustained and nourished him.
He was left where he was, in the centre of Ambros. Though Yarilo couldn't know this, it was a mistake that would eventually cost them dearly. It took Malekim a very long time to show any signs of recovery, and when he did, he disappeared so completely and for so long, the Guardians, though vigilant, weren't disturbed. They merely hoped the mage had learned from his chastisement.


Yarilan Chronicles 2462, Half Crescent Astral Yarilo Cycle 2201, Second Age.

It is the beginning of the Third Age.
 
I'm no Chronicler. I write of what was seen. It was a triumph to defeat the mage Malekim. It came at enormous cost; many of our mages are lost; some of our most ancient and revered perished; we're weak.
 
Although we celebrate, we do so under a shadow of loss and sadness. Among our friends, losses are heavy. Many of our dragonkind died. We need spiritual healing and retreat into isolation to sustain ourselves. We have need of solitude.
 
I write because our Chronicler is among the dead. A new Chronicler will, in time, be appointed. He'll doubtless write after me.
 
If these words suggest a heavy heart, it's nearly always so. Where there's rejoicing, there's always sadness. Where there's gain, there's inevitably loss. Where also there's sorrow, there must be learning and acceptance.
 
The Rox understand this. So must we.
 
Let others come and follow this.


CHAPTER THREE

It was the end of the Second Age. A small group stood overlooking rolling downs in fading sun that cast long shadows in an early Ambros spring. Though trees were in full leaf and the ground, until only a short time since, was covered with perfumed blue ornets, black-eyed cass, and the scarlet heads of the tall cowl flowers, those standing simply stared bleakly at the landscape. Not long since, the land was raw from the recent rage of gargantuan and bitter battle. Comrades fell and loved ones were lost. There was an uneasy and brooding peace that touched those who'd fought so hard.
"It's finally over." A slender woman stood staring thoughtfully at her companions.
"It is." The speaker had long auburn hair that caught the light. "Let's hope this time we've achieved peace. The Watchers are grateful to you and yours, Cynthas."
"That Malekim’s caught is enough," shivered the woman. She turned to a second man. "Without your help, Disah, capturing the mage would've been impossible."
"Perhaps," came the stolid response from the short man who stroked his beard contemplatively. "We hope a new age dawns for Ambros." He turned to the first man who'd spoken. "In so many ways we're indebted to you Shadowlanders, Syberiel, and to those of the steppes the Hasuran sent. Isn't that so, Sophos Rox?"
A third man turned to face the short man. His dark eyes shone with an odd light as he replied in a deep, placid voice, "That's so, Gnosti, that's so." He paused then went on, "There's no need for the Rox to stay here. You understand that, mage?"
The fourth man nodded. His unusually coloured violet eyes strayed to the woman, then he blinked and looked quickly away.
"The pronouncement's made," continued the Rox quietly. "The Guardians acted to ensure the stability of Ambros. Let’s hope it's the last time we'll be called."
"The balance," murmured Syberiel.
"With Malekim under restraint, that should ensure it," agreed Sophos Rox.
"Much harm's been done," sighed the Gnosti. "So many lost. It's hard to comprehend it's finally over."
Sophos Rox turned to the man with the very, very long auburn hair. "We thank you and yours, Syberiel."
The Shadowlander nodded. He put his hand up to shade his eyes from the brightness of a sunset that blazed across a sky.
"We know the importance of balance, Rox. We've been taught very well." He glanced across to the extremely tall mage who'd not spoken. "Burelkin," he added softly, "the children of Chloronderiel ask you to return with them to the Shadowlands. It's your home after all, Benhloriel, as much as Yarilo."
In response, Benhloriel gripped the outstretched hand. "I'll come, Syberiel, though now isn't possible. Our Archmage is among the dead. The surviving masters have a difficult time ahead."
"We grieve Soryn's passing," said Sophos Rox sadly.
"In a sense," went on Benhloriel almost to himself, "this brings us to the end of another age on Ambros."
"If it's the end of the Second Age, we'll hope the Third Age is a more tranquil one," observed Disah tartly.
"It's time for the Rox to leave," said Sophos Rox into the sudden and pensive silence. "The mages must likewise return to where they belong. That's not on Ambros, is it, Bene?"
"No," agreed Benhloriel. He gave a sideways glance at Cynthas.
"Until then," cautioned the Rox sagely, "remember Ochleos Rox’s prophecy. Though we hope what he wrote won't happen, it clearly hasn’t touched on what's just been."
The chill winds that blew off the crag offered the companions little comfort. Their conversation was low, but fragments carried on the wind. Malekim’s fate decided, they were restless. They were all representative of their species.
The tallest of the group had auburn hair sprinkled with white, a spare but surprisingly broad-shouldered frame and startlingly violet eyes. Huddled close to him was a delicate creature. Not much of her was visible beneath the voluminous cloak and hood, but you could see enormous green eyes, the green of rivers and oceans. These overwhelmed a delicate, oval-shaped face with high cheekbones. Her pointed chin was elflike. The slender neck seemed too frail to support the mass of thick, jet curls escaping from the hood.
The Rox stood a little distance from them. He, too, was very tall, but where the first man was slighter, this man was considerably broader-shouldered and deeper-chested, with hair as jet as the woman's, but, unlike hers, his was streaked with gold. His velvet eyes held a soft expression in their dark, brown depths. He spoke quietly and briefly to the couple before he calmly turned away to stand, contemplatively, alone. After a few minutes his form shimmered. In seconds, he was gone.
The Gnosti watched where the Rox disappeared, then sat beside the couple who squatted down to avoid the icy wind. The Gnosti gave a deep sigh. He pulled impatiently at his extremely long and tangled beard. He was very short and solidly built; there was something fierce about him when he stood four-square - the battleaxe he wore at his belt may have contributed to this impression. His face, usually grim and unyielding, was now very gentle. He smiled up at the couple, and when he stood to put his arm round the woman, his grip was so strong, she squeaked. With warmth in his smile, the auburn-haired man turned his head and held out a hand. The Gnosti briefly gripped it. He then began a slow walk away from them, to stand as if waiting for someone.
The Shadowlander stood further away. His eyes stared out into space. He was slender and seemed of barely any substance at all; he looked a man of shadow who was not quite real, his waist length auburn hair swinging round his transparent form in the wild gusts of wind. He approached the couple with a hand out, touched first the woman, his gaze intent, then the man. His expression was unreadable.
Then the Shadowlander walked to the Gnosti who awaited him and together they began to trek down the mountain trail. Neither of them looked back.
The last of the group was a little furry creature that sat placidly at the feet of the woman, the catlin with a wicked look in its orange eyes as its gaze followed the retreating figures. It meditatively licked a paw.
~~~
A noise rumbling in the distance grew so loud it made the man who remained move rather impatiently. He turned his head skyward. He waved his arm irritably. The noise came closer, the sun was briefly blotted out and the wind seemed even colder. Now the man was forced to take notice. The woman looked skyward too, her expression one of resigned sadness. The noise, now a roar, was accompanied by a blast of air that made the woman crouch to avoid being flattened.
Reluctantly the man strode forward, his arms raised. He stood absolutely still. His cloak whipped around him and his long hair was swept in all directions, but he didn’t seem to notice the buffeting as he stood there, imperious and emanating power. A huge cloud drifted towards him, then, as it hovered overhead, it coalesced into a towering creature that flapped its enormous wings gracefully and rhythmically.
Dramas was a magnificent creature. His underbelly was golden brown, the scales along his back tawny/green, and his huge spiny ridge coloured from olive to slate. His wide-opened eyes were an unusual and vivid emerald. As he settled among the rocks, a spray of dust shot up in the air that made the catlin sneeze; even Bene and Cynthas started to cough. The dragon's huge talons scrabbled for purchase before the beast folded in red translucent wings. The red tongue flicked in and out in a leisurely fashion. Steam hissed gently.
Once the dust settled, Bene turned to face the dragon. Their eyes met and held, violet to green. They remained that way until the woman stepped forward. This made the dragon break eye contact with Bene and incline his head towards her, the emerald orbs revolving very slowly as if the dragon was pensive. He slightly dipped his huge head to her too. Cynthas spoke.
"You're called. You know you must go."
Bene swung away from the dragon. The swirling green eyes followed him speculatively as the mage walked back to Cynthas. The man held her close. His voice was very deep and mellow, but as he spoke there was sadness.
"The battle’s won, beloved, but I feel we've lost so much more."
"Don't say that," whispered Cynthas.
Bene stared down at her for long moments, his gaze intent. When he spoke his voice was almost a snarl.
"There are times when I curse my fate."
"I can wait," responded Cynthas. "Nymphs live very long lives."
"As do we," replied Bene.
Cynthas put a hand to his cheek. "Maybe this isn't meant to be. Perhaps -."
"No! I’ll find you and come. I promise you. Believe me."
Cynthas turned Bene gently to face the dragon who tossed his head, a flicker of flame wisping from his jaw. Bene rubbed his forehead. He glared at the dragon. Dramas merely gave a quiet hiss, idly flexed a wing, and absorbed the mage's stare.
"Sometimes," mumbled Bene, "I'm not sure if I'm the dragon, or he's me."
"Go now," urged Cynthas, pushing Bene into the dragon.
Dramas' eyes swirled thoughtfully at the nymph as she watched Bene climb over his side, grasp a fin, and haul himself up onto the spiked ridge. He settled in a natural, very deep hollow between two sets of spikes. Dramas trumpeted.
Cynthas ran back a distance. Scooping up the catlin as she went, she shook her head sharply when the dragon roared a second time and was almost flattened by the blast of hot air that accompanied the spreading of the colossal red wings. The dragon hovered briefly. As he did, Bene looked down at the tiny figure below, both he and Dramas astonished at the strong teleth that touched their minds.
"Care for him, Dramas."
As Dramas' beating wings drove him ever higher, Cynthas stayed crouched against a boulder as dust and stones flew up and about her. When the catlin pressed hard in against her, she absently ran a hand over its back while she continued to stare into a now empty sky.
~~~
The mages on Yarilo recovered and grew in strength and power. The dragons withdrew to their Isle. The people of Ambros flourished and spread across their world. North and South thrived in the Third Age. The voice of the mages was heard through the Conclave of Reader Seekers, the Watchers were vigilant and Adepts and Initiates spread across the northern and southern continents. The Rox watched for any sign of dark disturbance. The Unseen Ones disappeared and hadn’t been seen for a very long time. The cycles passed. Tranquillity came to Ambros. It was a Golden Age.
~~~
And Malekim licked his wounds and waited. He was patient. He needed time to heal. He’d become a pitiless, hollow being, an abomination. As he painfully recovered, so he grew in power. Somewhere, he knew, the balance would be ruffled, even minutely. He’d wait for that and use it for his own ends. It motivated his survival. Time brought him strength.


THIRD AGE: THE BEGINNING
 
A quotation from Ochleos Rox, Guardian on Lilium, to the Mages of Yarilo and to the Conclave of Reader-Seekers on Ambros.
 
Through the struggles that have come and will come again, shall a balance be restored to Ambros. It must be understood. The Watchers and Guardians must be ever vigilant. Those to whom the balance is entrusted must fulfil their duty by ensuring it.
 
They must look for the child who's made a shadow and thus becomes a child of the dark. There'll be a child born of light and dark who'll of all kinds be made into one. The child will have power. Teach the child to use it wisely so that it doesn't become an instrument of chaos.
 
The paths of these children, and those touching them, will be very hard. They'll be torn between powers they can't comprehend. Watch for all the children who hold the balance of Ambros in their hands. In the binding, those of the dark and the light will unite to become one.
 
Only then will the balance be immutable and Ambros finally at peace. This wisdom is given to me to pass on to you. Take heed. Ignore it at your peril.


CHAPTER FOUR

Now, with his hair so liberally sprinkled with white that little auburn was apparent, Bene stood in a clearing observing the nymph. He smiled as he leaned nonchalantly against the dappled trunk of a ule tree, slowly and absently stripping bits off a leaf. The smile faded to be replaced by a deeply thoughtful expression.
Cynthas threw a heavy plait over her shoulder, rose from the grass and trod lightly over to where Bene stood, looked up at him, and stood on tiptoe so she could run a finger across his face. Bene held her, his eyes fixed on her dark head.
"You're concerned, aren't you?" Cynthas asked.
"I've no authority to be here," admitted Bene. "If it was known what I came for I’d have been stopped. Dramas wasn't happy to bring me."
"I know he wasn't." Cynthas pulled Bene's head down to hers and gently kissed him. "I called him, telling him I wished you to come this once."
Bene pulled up his head startled, saying, "You called him? I’ll come again. You must know I wouldn't leave you." Bene paused, then added softly. "We do no harm."
"Listen to me, Bene," she whispered. "Dramas won't bring you again. We’ve waited so long. It was my longing that brought you here."
Bene leaned forward and held Cynthas in his arms, where he cradled her, murmuring gently to her as he rocked back and forth.
When he reluctantly let her go, he said calmly, "It takes two to love, Cynthas. I'll return." Cynthas smiled mistily up at the face she loved so dearly.
"I know you'll try, Bene - I know if you can come, you will. I'll always wait for you. You must know that whatever happens, Bene, I'll understand."
Not entirely comprehending such a cryptic comment Bene turned, his violet eyes a little wild.
"I can't stay," he said, his voice unsteady. "Dramas makes such insistent calls."
"I can hear him," said Cynthas ruefully. "You should listen to him. He's very wise."
"He fusses so," muttered Bene. Impulsively he stretched out his arms to Cynthas saying thickly, "I'll come back." Abruptly, he released her and turned away, unable to look back.
Cynthas stood where he'd left her. All was silence, calm and warmth, but even so, Cynthas gave a deep shiver. She watched until Bene was lost to sight, then she sat in the grass and quietly wept.
~~~
As Bene and Cynthas lay entwined that day, Malekim was aroused from a relaxed doze by the slightest tug at his mind. His eyes lit with a predatory light and a smile touched the thin lips; the eyes remained mirthless. He felt the tug again, almost imperceptible, before it passed. He closed his eyes though the smile broadened. He knew his strength rapidly returned. In not too many Yarilan cycles, he'd be ready.
~~~
Not only Malekim was roused on this day. Sophos Rox was lying comfortably stretched out when he felt a faint mental intrusion. Irritably he ignored it, but only for a brief second, then his eyes snapped open sharply, aware something of concern touched him. He was so attuned to Ambros nothing escaped him. He sat, more alert, and tried to recollect the sensation he'd experienced, and, as he did he felt another slight tug at his mind. He thought it was a dragon call but couldn't be sure. He opened to teleth and waited.
Sophos Rox was a guardian and very old. If anyone asked him his age, Sophos would've found it very difficult to answer, because time for him became irrelevant some hundreds of Ambrosian cycles earlier. He was a magnificent example of his species.
His head was mostly gold. It was a noble head, with very dark brown eyes set above a broad, long black nose. His tall, pointed ears were dark, the hair in and around them long and delicately curled, and his folded wings were cream, as were parts of his chest and face. When he took Ambros form, which he preferred not to do, he was extremely tall and well-built. Even for his species, he was large.
As he waited, a scene slowly formed in front of him that he watched carefully. A huge dragon, Dramas, Sophos recognised with a touch of surprise, had just landed in a meadow somewhere in central Ambros. Sophos knew the dragon shouldn't be there. When Sophos saw Bene alight and commune briefly with his dragon before he walked briskly towards trees, the Rox followed. In a clearing by a small stream, sat Cynthas.
Warnings rang in Sophos' mind. He telethed his concern to other Guardians and to the dragons. Dramas trumpeted in response, Sophos noticed, but Bene ignored him. Collectively the guardians telethed Bene: with a flash of mutual anger and surprise, they realised Bene had deliberately closed off communication.
~~~
Ever since the troubles caused by Dire, neither Rox, dragons nor mages mated with Ambrosians. It had been frowned on for so long, no one gave it any thought. For a mage to mate in such a way was rare. Sharing between Ambrosian and Ambrosian nymph wasn’t a serious breach, because such interspecies affaires were invariably sterile, but Sophos Rox, with a sigh, acknowledged that the attraction between Bene and Cynthas was well known.
Sophos Rox was no voyeur. He snapped the image closed and received the perturbation of all the Guardians at once. He carefully sifted through the voices until he found the one he wanted - the Guardian who oversaw the training of mages.
"Sophos," came the soft thought in his mind.
"Lektos," was the response. Both Guardians closed down the thoughts of others and came instantly into focus in the other's mind. Sophos saw the sorrow in Lektos' eyes.
"Did you know about this, brother?" Sophos asked quietly. Lektos sighed.
"Their working together so long ago wasn't wise. I accept that in hindsight. Their regard for each other wasn't merely passing."
"It was a mistake," admitted Sophos. "I should've foreseen this. Dramas knew Bene wasn't to go back to Ambros so soon in Yarilan time, so I’m at a loss to know why he did."
"How could any of us foresee this?" Sophos moved restlessly before he answered.
"Bene's closed to all avenues of communication." There was an odd tone to Lektos’s voice in response.
"Dramas was to advise me if Bene requested to go to Ambros. I had no warning of this. Bene didn't call Dramas, or if he did, it wasn't in the usual way. That puzzles me too. Bene clearly wished his time with the nymph to be solitary, and that's not something we can chide him for."
"Maybe Dramas thought you'd stop Bene," suggested Sophos.
"Perhaps I should’ve intervened," Lektos sighed. "But I knew too late. I repeat, Dramas didn't say Bene requested to go to Ambros. This confuses me. Could it possibly be that Cynthas has the ability to actually call Dramas?" There was a long silence.
"If you look forward, brother, you may well have taken swifter action."
"Have you gone ahead, Sophos?" Sophos nodded. Lektos looked long at his brother, saying finally, "They must have freedom of action, brother. We all know that, despite what the consequences might be. I don't solely choose the mages." The sadness in Sophos' eyes was reflected in Lektos' deep voice.
"No," agreed Sophos gently. "We have to accept they all have shadow and light. Now our task's to try to control any damage."
"If we can."
"If," said Sophos quietly, repeating Lektos, "we can."
"Bene must not return to Ambros."
"He won’t," said Sophos tersely. "Dramas will see to that." There was a long silence between the two Rox again.
After the very thoughtful pause, Lektos asked, "How far did you see, Sophos?"
"To Cynthas."
"So you saw a child?" Sophos sighed this time,
"I did. I don’t believe Bene knows of this. He’d know such unions are invariably sterile."
"Not this time."
"This alters everything." There was another long pause before Lektos spoke.
"Brother, early on I felt the faintest trace of awareness."
"So, Lektos, did I." Lektos gave a deep growl.
"Who has an awareness of this breach in the balance?"
If it was possible for a Rox to do so, then Sophos almost snarled. He drew his lips back from his teeth.
"The fool," he murmured. "The fool Bene is. Couldn't an Archmage see beyond his immediate passion?" Lektos sighed.
"Every action precipitates a reaction, isn't that so?" Sophos looked at Lektos, concern deep in his dark eyes.
"It's the future that could threaten the balance, yes," he answered. "It's not just the here and now." He paused, then added, "There'll be a response - Bene can expect it." Lektos sighed even more heavily.
"The prophecy could be a child of their child."
Sophos nodded broodingly, accepting his brother's comment without argument. Lektos' image faded leaving Sophos with a feeling of unease. The balance was all: they had to ensure it. His main focus of attention was going to have to be on somewhere in the central part of Ambros. Sophos Rox wondered if he was being fanciful as his mind began to seek out any sign of Malekim. He stared down at the orb resting against his chest. It was quiescent.


CHAPTER FIVE

Bene was back on Yarilo. He stared out the windows for a long time before he shivered, rose, crossed to the fire and kicked a piece of wood more firmly in the grate. He pulled a chair closer to the fire. An absent flick of the fingers made the fire burn more fiercely. Bene stared into the flames, watching them jet and pulse in flickering orange and yellow, his mind in turmoil. His feelings were mixed.
He was restless. He also felt guilt. Dramas was distressed by being on Ambros. Even though the dragon clearly responded to Cynthas and not directly to himself, something that in itself was highly unusual, still the mage knew he shouldn't have gone.
He wondered how long it would take the Rox to contact the Unseen Ones; he knew he would hear from one or other of them. It was only a matter of time.
It was as if Bene called the Unseen Ones as he thought of them. Sharp queries cut rudely into his mind, along with surprise and amusement. Never before had Bene experienced physical pain as their minds melded with his, but tonight there was no gentleness, their minds curiously probing his emotions and their disinterested comments making him wince. Mostly he was aware of Benth, coldly detached and analytical.
"I acknowledge your presence," Bene said unsteadily.
"As well you might," came the dry voice he knew was Benth.
"What can I tell you that you don't already know?"
"Why you used Dramas as you did, mage," came Marl's voice.
"I wanted to see Cynthas. She mindspoke Dramas and asked him to take me, only the once. I intended no abuse of my dragon."
"Did she indeed?" There was curiosity in Marl's cold voice and the ghost of a laugh. "So Dramas felt obliged, did he?" Again came the laugh. That passed to fleeting deep anger about another dragon called Harth.
"Should I regret what I did?"
"You should. Have you such arrogance?" came a detached voice. A murmur of words and phrases cut backwards and forwards across Bene's mind that he tried to follow without success. "Let us show you, mage, what you've done," came a frigid voice. "Maybe then you'll have your answer."
Bene sat motionless as an image formed in front of him, so real he felt he could touch Cynthas. He looked into the green eyes of a nymph. The eyes were so big and lustrous they dominated the elfin face, the curved mouth smiled sensuously at him and the eyes were alight with laughter. The pointed chin rested on a slender hand as she shook her dark curls at him playfully. When he responded by putting out his hand the image slipped, faltered, distorted and abruptly disintegrated.
A second image quickly appeared. This was of a tall, dark-haired woman with large violet eyes as velvety as Bene's own; it was the face that made Bene flinch back in stunned shock, because the young woman could be none other than his daughter. His mind reeled at this. She held a little boy's hand and she too laughed. The picture changed sharply to a room where huge blond men held the same woman prone on the floor, knives in their hands and pitiless destruction in their eyes. Bene couldn't move. He sat transfixed.
He was swept to another image of a stumbling boy in a slave caravan, the boy's back blistered with sores and welts. The child kept moving, but as Bene watched, the boy lifted his head and licked slowly at tears that trickled down his face. The image fragmented.
Bene next saw a limp figure, carried on a litter, the young man obviously very weak and fevered. His injuries were such, Bene drew in his breath. The image was replaced by yet another. This showed a beautiful boy, no more that ten or eleven Ambros cycles, lying in a pavilion, his dark curly head thrown back, the lustrous velvet purple eyes wild, his hands out-flung and his mouth wide open. A huge blond man was with him. The man smiled, though the smile didn't touch his ice cold blue eyes.
Bene got to his feet. He stood there, helplessly, while yet another image formed. He looked at a little girl who, apart from her deep violet eyes, was a copy of Cynthas, this child's hand clasped by a blond youth who led her through the gates of a city wall. The scene moved slightly to what lay outside the walls. There, Bene saw a huge army sprawled for miles across devastated land, before the image flickered back to the little girl who looked so fragile. Bene grasped at his hair.
After a long pause a cold dispassionate voice in his mind said, "Should you regret, mage - is that what you said?"
"Can those images be altered?"
"No, mage, they can't. You see a beginning and only a glimpse at that."
"I didn’t know a child would be born. Such unions are usually -." Bene stopped, his voice shaken. "I deeply regret - I ask you to believe -."
"Mage," interrupted the cold voice. "You disturb the flow of time and you upset the balance at your peril. There'll be much suffering across Ambros as a result." Bene paced up and down in agitation.
"What can I do?"
"You've done enough one would've thought," came the dry, ironic comment. Bene didn't respond to the amusement in the voice. His voice was sharpened by guilt and despair.
"There must be a way to alter the worst of what may come. There must be some amelioration!"
"Not by you, Archmage." Bene came to a halt and stood still.
"Am I not then to return to Ambros?"
"You won't be permitted to do so for a time, mage, no." Bene didn't miss the note of inflexible finality. He whispered,
"Cynthas -." Bene couldn't go on.
"You'll not see her again because Dramas may not take you to Ambros. He answers to us, mage, not to you, but you know that. You'll remain on Yarilo."
"Are we both to be so severely punished? Cynthas deserves more than this."
There was no immediate comment in Bene's mind in answer; there was just a very long silence before the cold voice spoke again.
"Your punishment, as you term it, hasn't begun. All acts have consequences, foreseen or otherwise. We do not intend you to forget." The dry voice seemed to occupy all Bene's head. The voice was like ice. "It'll serve as a reminder of those you cause to suffer." Bene couldn't have spoken even had he tried. The voice continued with remorseless clarity. "You carry the seed of your own destruction, Archmage. Some often destroy those who mean most to them; you're no better nor worse than any other. You can't take an action without causing a reaction, so be rational, mage, and think what you were taught and teach others. To be fair to her, Cynthas didn't foresee how deeply she'd cause a rift and a reaction. You, mage, know better, don't you? Balance and counter-balance: isn't that what you teach the young?
We know more than we've let you see. Much will be revealed when it's appropriate. You must accept, Archmage, what you've done to your child and to her children. Their suffering will be yours. Know, too, you've caused us inconvenience." Bene made no attempt to move. He slumped back in his chair, his violet eyes dull. "Your place," the voice continued inexorably, "is here. Our concern is with how seriously you've upset the balance. We make no further comment on what's done: it's finished." The voice was devoid of emotion.
~~~
Bene felt the presence fade from his mind, rose, and with trembling hands, trimmed the lamps and turned over the fire. He then sat unmoving as the room darkened. He looked vulnerable and suddenly every bit his age.


CHAPTER SIX

Nymphs were known for their charm, beauty and sensuality as well as for their legendary longevity. Obli, an Unseen One, had enjoyed very many amorous hours in their company over the cycles. They were found in the forests, the rivers and the mountains, especially in the north that was densely forested still, unlike the denuded and harsh southern landscape. The dryads were Cynthas' cousins. They lived mainly in the mandol groves that covered much of central Ambros. Cynthas, however, could never be mistaken for anything other than a water creature, with those deep green, river-shaded eyes. Nymphs were often prophetic. Cynthas was.
She was carried gently on the winds to the midland mandol groves, because it was where she'd asked to go. As she came close to the forests, she thought wistfully of the sylvan valley and clear running water of her home. She came instead to her cousins for help. Her child was due. For seasons she'd lived with a sense of foreboding and dread. She knelt clumsily in the soft dirt, bent her head and sent remarkably and unusually powerfully to Obli, unaware of a subtle movement in the air about her while she stayed motionless.
Perhaps Cynthas knew what awaited her. Maybe she didn't. She accepted her hard labour without complaint, scarcely aware of loving hands that held her. She barely felt damp cloths laid across her forehead. She felt cool liquid on her lips. As the birth progressed, Cynthas became feverish. Distressed, she began to cry with pain. She called for Bene.
The dryads held the nymph as best they could, aware there was little comfort they could offer. Her child was born some time before and lay cradled and dozing in a young dryad's arms. Cynthas wept very softly. The child was taken away and only a few dryads remained. What little they could do they did, taking it in turns to hold the dying nymph, their words soothing and their hands gentle. None expected Cynthas to linger. She was white, her breathing shallow. The huge luminous eyes were clouded with unspeakable sadness that touched each of the dryads who knelt beside her.
Her eyes unexpectedly opened wide. Cynthas stared up at those near her and spoke. They bent to listen, straightening in shock and with words of protest forming on their lips. When Cynthas shook her head slowly, the dark, damp curls clinging to her wet cheeks, the dryads looked at each other and then back down at Cynthas.
"I beg you," she whispered. "She's not a nymph and she'll die among you. Her father will find her in time."
~~~
As Cynthas died, her eyes had unusual clarity before they closed. She looked at peace. Without words, the dryads faded from the grove. After they'd gone, a form materialised beside Cynthas, the man very tall and powerfully built, with eyes that looked down at the nymph as green as her own. They held an unusual light and were unreadable. He stooped and very gently lifted Cynthas. She became a shadowy silhouette as he carried her through the trees, the man pausing at the river where he knelt, right at the water’s edge and waited. A shadow slipped from his arms and was absorbed into the flow. Obli sighed. The Unseen Ones were once again aware of Ambros. In a moment he was gone.
~~~
At the moment of Cynthas' death her catlin, who'd been beside her unmoving, gave a despairing cry that startled the dryads and made their hair stand on end. As Cynthas' shadow silently departed, so did the catlin.
~~~
Bene missed the catlin's teleth, but outside, weak though the call was, Dramas heard it as he was ascending to leave Yarilo. His distressed trumpet was transmitted to Bene, both through sound and teleth, but in his tower no one saw the mage go anguished to his knees. The cry echoed around Ice Isle and Lilium.
~~~
The following day, the dryads could be seen shimmering through the trees, one of them carefully holding the newly-born girl. Within hours, just as dawn broke, they came to the walls of a merchant city where they paused, and hesitating, began to argue in whispers, some saying they could never do what was asked of them. But they did, out of respect for the memory of Cynthas.
They waited until the sun was nearly risen, before they drifted through the town gates and along an avenue of huge and very old gnarled istak trees; and there they laid the child in the undergrowth. Giving the child a final benediction, the dryads drifted away.
~~~
A mage of Yarilo looked up in response to the call. There was a volume lying open in his lap, but the Archmage merely stared at the page without reading it. His hair was, if possible, madder than ever, and the violet eyes looked tragic. Sophos Rox kept his mind open. He showed the usual Rox tact of not intruding, but at that instant Bene responded to teleth automatically, his mind locking with that of the Rox.
Together, they hovered above a clearing where dryads gathered about a newly-born child. Even though the mother's being faded rapidly, Sophos didn’t need to be told who she was. He'd known both Bene and Cynthas intimately for many, many cycles. Even though he'd fought alongside them, he felt he couldn't adequately respond to the surge of grief from the Archmage that overwhelmed him at that instant.
He waited until he and Bene found themselves inside city walls in central Ambros. It was barely sunrise, Sophos noticed. He watched the dryads drift like shadows from tree to tree along an avenue that led from the main gate to a common. He and Bene saw the child carefully laid against the trunk of one of the huge trees, saw how she was briefly blessed, then, like wraiths, the dryads were gone. The child gave a wail. Then there was silence.
Sophos and Bene remained in communication for only a short while, both acutely aware of what Bene's action might have precipitated. It wasn't a Guardian's place to comment: Sophos knew the Unseen Ones would already have done that. He felt a wrench of profound compassion for Bene as the mind link broke.


Yarilan Chronicles 2464, Crescent Astral Yarilo Cycle 2207, Third Age.

I'm Dagobar, Chronicler of Yarilo. I'm often asked why mages keep chronicles. Of what value are they to us?
 
They give us understanding as we record, analyse and attempt to interpret life as we see it. We write little of ourselves because our concerns are with the peoples of Ambros. Ambrosians' past and future are inextricably linked with those of us on Yarilo. It's not part of our function to ignore them. We're the instruments of balance: it's our fate to be so. We don't belong on Ambros. We can't choose for Ambrosians.
 
We aren’t the guardians of Ambros. Although it isn’t easy, we try to ensure the equilibrium there remains steady. When we battled there to hold a balance, we suffered. However, since then, the balance has held for many hundreds of Ambros cycles. We pray for peace to continue.
 
What concerns us, I wish to note, is the disturbance in southern Ambros. There are signs of disruption and upheaval as southerners fight among themselves. There's a rippling of power centred to the deep south. We're sending an observer to monitor the actions of those involved. We can only hope this is an aberration.
 

Yarilan Chronicles 2465, Crescent Astral Yarilo Cycle 2207.

The situation in the south of Ambros is seriously disturbing. There appears to be a warrior warlord in the making, to whom southern tribes and peoples are submitting at an alarming rate. We have records of atrocities, especially among the captured Yazd. The Conclave keeps us fully informed. Their people are under attack.
 
The power source in the deep south increases. We've advised the Guardians that it's becoming necessary for us to know who or what is at the centre of the power.
 
The balance in southern Ambros becomes more seasonally unstable.


CHAPTER SEVEN

Ortok was a large city-state by the standards of the other five city-states making up the Samar Confederation, a city of wealth and learning, where merchants and scholars mixed freely and comfortably. Here there was no poverty. All the peoples' wants were catered for by a ruling oligarchy of citizen emarchons, chosen by the citizenry every five years. No person could stand for office more than three times. It was considered an honour to be an emarchon.
Even a greater honour was to be asked to stand as the city's representative for state affairs both at home and abroad. To be Paramon ensured respect for the rest of an individual's life. That was the only title in Ortok. People in authority answered to their given name just as ordinary citizens did: sometimes the masters of the various guilds were addressed as either Master or Guildmaster, but mostly only by those they taught. There was equality in Ortok.
It was to this city that the infant girl was brought, the child found by a scholar who was childless. Saren took the child home to his mate Mylasca who, like him, was a scholar at the Antiquities Centre. They brought up Melas as their daughter. She was deeply cherished. When they were asked why they'd named the little girl Melas, both Saren and Mylasca looked blank, saying that it had seemed the most natural name to give the child. Alone they pondered the name but, as the cycles passed, it became increasingly irrelevant.
She had a childhood like any other Ortokian, going to school from the age of three cycles. She was an intelligent and apt student who did very well. She had an unusual affinity with the world around her though she never told her parents she could speak with animals and with trees. Even at a young age she had an instinct that this wouldn't be acceptable so, in time, she sublimated her potential talents and became just an ordinary girl. At nine cycles she entered the artist guild where she learned to become proficient at enamel and inlay work.
By the time she was sixteen cycles Melas was a very lovely girl, with long, thick black curls. She'd inherited the elfin-shaped face from her mother Cynthas, and the large violet, almost purple eyes that were always merry, from her mage father. Melas was a young one who laughed at a life that was good to her. She attracted boys with both the way she tossed her head and the graceful way she moved a tall and slender body. In obedience to her parents' wishes, she stood as a candidate at Choice in her sixteenth cycle.
Already a youth had made advances. He was a merchant's son, in training to be a scholar at the Antiquities Centre. Saren and Mylasca looked upon this young man with approval. He was a gentle and courtly youth, very tall even for an Ortokian who were not a short people; he was as dark-haired as Melas though his eyes were as black as the wings of an anandar. He was intense and very gifted.
It was he who commented to Saren on the odd shaped birthmark Melas carried on her upper arm, but Saren just laughed and assured the young man it continued to fade with time. Unconcerned, Alfar just smiled and promptly forgot about it. Even at his young age Alfar had been chosen, by the Master at the Centre, to undertake advanced learning, the young man expected to reach master status long before the usual time.
Alfar and Melas mated. A son was born almost immediately. They named him Sarehl in memory of Saren who died before the child was born. Alfar's studies increasingly took up more of his time and he was often sent away to other centres for long spells of research. When at home, he bonded very strongly with his son. Sarehl adored his parents. He grew up, as the cycles passed, to be the image of his father. He would often accompany Alfar to the Antiquities Centre where the little boy would be allowed to potter, and it was in these early days that Sarehl decided he wanted to be a scholar. Other times he'd go with Melas to the artist guild. He was encouraged to learn what he could. Sarehl was a contented and bright child.
When Sarehl was eight cycles, Melas gave birth to twins named Daxel and Luton, known from infancy as Dase and Lute. As a senior student, Alfar was now more often at home, though he remained deeply engrossed in his work, not, though, to the exclusion of his eldest son. Alfar always had time for Sarehl. He'd already stood for office as an emarchon; again, this was unusual in one so young. Alfar was a much respected young man in Ortok.
Sarehl, a very tall slender boy with long dark curls inherited from his mother, stood proudly by Melas as he stared down at his small black-eyed brothers. Barely a cycle later another boy was born and this little brother was to mean everything to Sarehl. He adopted Bethel. He took the child everywhere with him. As the child grew, the bond between the two deepened until it was unbreakable, their relationship over the cycles becoming as a father to a son.
Mylasca died before the twins were born so Melas became increasingly a part of Alfar's family. Even as Alfar encouraged her in this, so he also urged her to spend as much time as she could with an old scholar who came to Ortok just before the twins were born. At that time the old man sought out Alfar and, by the time Bethel was born, he'd become a welcome and accepted part of Alfar's household. Sarehl came to dearly love this scholar, his dark eyes lighting up when he saw the old man walk slowly up the path.
The old scholar answered to Bene. He was unusually tall, with a head of thick white hair that always looked spiky and disordered. His beard was silver and very long and he walked with a pronounced stoop. His eyes were wide-opened and wise, though Melas sometimes thought they looked deeply sad. They were a very deep violet, almost purple, very like Mam's, said Sarehl, one day on a giggle. Melas frowned reprovingly at him but Bene just laughed, lifted the boy up in his arms and held him firmly.
Bene and Alfar spent hours together. Bene guided the younger man's learning whenever he was around to do so. Alfar got used to the scholar's coming and going, though Bene was rarely gone for very long, and the younger man enjoyed this charming old scholar's patronage. He told Melas one evening that he often learned more in the hour with Bene than he did from anyone else in a month. Melas merely smiled, conscious of how much she had come to care for Bene and how much more she depended on him than she did on her mate.
It was only a month after Bethel was born that Bene told Alfar he had to go away, but only for part of a season. Melas felt a strange forlornness as she waved to him, though the smile she got in return was reassuring. Sarehl accompanied Bene and his father to the city gates, where they watched the old man ride slowly in a northerly direction. Alfar stood with his hand firmly on his son's shoulder until Bene was only a distant speck, then he stooped and spoke gently to Sarehl, turning the boy round to move back along the tree-lined avenue.
~~~
A few days after Bene left Ortok, a stranger came to the city. He was tall, even taller than Alfar, with long auburn hair and amber eyes. Once he may have been large framed, but now there was a hollowness to the cheeks and a physical frailty about him, as though he'd sustained a prolonged illness. There was a pallor to his skin that suggested sickliness.
He claimed he was a scholar in the field of antiquity, and indeed, all the learned men turned to him to listen when he spoke. His knowledge was profound and formidable. He seemed ageless somehow. At times his eyes were colourless pits of nothing, yet frighteningly alive. He seemed, the scholars noticed, to have a lot of time for Alfar, but that didn't surprise them because Alfar was such an outstanding student. Most of his days Elbe, as the scholar was named, would spend beside Alfar. He talked with him and tantalised him with fragments of information, before he'd turn away laughing.
It wasn't long before Alfar began to bring Elbe home with him. Ortok, as was done in all Samar states, offered rest and food to strangers as a matter of social habit. It was the correct form for Alfar to follow, as it was for Melas to offer Elbe home comforts he may miss. Elbe accepted the offer to reside in the household. After a few weeks he was very much part of the family. Though guest hospitality prompted Melas to accept Elbe in their home, she was always uneasy around him and longed for Bene to return, even beginning to count the days to when she hoped she'd see him again. She knew Sarehl did too.
Elbe kept very much to himself. He appeared to enjoy watching the children at play in the early days, but later Melas noticed that his eyes would often dwell thoughtfully on Sarehl, and as they did, an unpleasant smile would briefly curl his lips. It happened when he eyed the younger ones too, but to a lesser extent. Sometimes Melas wondered if she imagined things, especially her developing fear of the man. As the days passed, Melas was left increasingly alone with Elbe. Alfar spent less time with the man and more at the Centre. Since she was busy with the three small ones, Melas accepted the situation as she found it.
As the season drew to a close and the nights became colder, Melas saw a change in Elbe. He seemed more assured and assertive and showed touches of impatience with both the children and Alfar. He laughed more often, but there was a hollowness to his mirth that made Melas shiver. She found it harder to be anywhere near him, and, since Alfar was working late at the Centre, she began to retire early so that she didn't have to be alone with Elbe. She was tired by the end of the day and nearly always fell asleep immediately.
~~~
This night Melas excused herself and climbed into bed, curling up asleep. Coming out of a deep slumber, she woke to a man beside her, opened her eyes lazily in greeting to Alfar, her hand going out to him in a gesture of affection. Instead of her mate she saw Elbe stare down at her. A cruel smile touched his thin lips. His eyes were blazing pits and he looked devilish.
Melas tried to scream. Somehow she was unable to utter a sound. She was made incapable of any protest, the awful pitiless pressure inside her head distracting her from the repeated violence done her. She felt her head would be crushed. Unconsciousness would have been a blessing. Alfar didn't come home to save her. No one did.
In the very early morning, Elbe left her bed and quietly dressed. As he buckled his belt, he crossed to the bed and stared down contemptuously. Melas couldn't meet his gaze. Elbe merely casually walked back to the chair to uplift his cloak and then left the room without looking back. Melas lay hurt. Tears dripped from her cheeks to the cushions. In time she dressed to care for the children.
When Alfar came home later that morning he was apologetic for not being at home the night before, explaining that Elbe had given him research advice that went on longer than expected. Melas merely nodded. Alfar, after commenting on her whiteness and holding her very close, his lips touching her hair, left again for the Centre. He promised to be home early so he could play with the children. He ruffled Sarehl's hair in a caress as he left.
~~~
Elbe didn't go far. He waited on the green outside the Antiquities Centre where he knew Alfar would come, greeted the young man in his usual affable manner, then coldly and cruelly drained Alfar of his essence. He left the emptied young man to shuffle his way to the Centre. Wholly satisfied and smiling, Elbe walked through the gates of Ortok, never to return.


CHAPTER EIGHT

Bene returned to Ortok two days later. He was revered as a learned scholar who'd teach anytime, anywhere. His was a gentle approach to learning. He never told a student or an inquisitor anything, always asked questions and then simply courteously discussed the answers he was given. He walked slowly into the city, responding in his gentle way to those who welcomed him back. He went quickly in the direction of the Antiquities Centre, because on his travels he'd come across interesting information he knew would intrigue Alfar.
His intentions stopped there. Bene took one look at the stooped figure at a desk and involuntarily a thin hand went to his mouth. Alfar never stooped. Bene walked over to Alfar and turned him round. He saw no welcome in the large, eloquent black eyes; there was recognition but no emotion. The young mouth was slack. Alfar's hands were empty. Bene could see that he was doing nothing more than putting one stack of papers on top of another. A wave of nausea threatened Bene.
He swallowed hastily, saying softly, "Dear boy, I'm back."
Alfar just looked at him, barely acknowledged him, and turned back to his desk to begin shuffling papers again.
"Dear gods," muttered Bene, pulling Alfar to his feet. Standing still obediently, the young man stared at the old man. "Come with me," Bene ordered. Alfar inclined his head and nodded.
The two men walked out of the centre together, well away from contact with anyone. Bene guided the younger man towards the common and beyond that to the meadows. Here it was warm and sunny. Bene let Alfar sink down into the lush grass and the last of the autumn flowers, the young man lying back with a sigh and his eyes staring up at the sky.
Bene sat beside him. He placed a gentle hand on the young forehead and immediately knew what had been done to Alfar. His face became a mask of fury, mingled with grief and guilt. When he took his hand from Alfar's brow and brushed his hand across eyes that once shone with intelligence and curiosity, he knew there was nothing he could do for this young one.
Bene got to his feet and looked away into the distance. He felt Malekim. His instinct was to seek him out to make him accountable, but he knew he couldn't. Sadly, Bene turned to look down at Alfar, knelt beside him and placed hands on either side of the dark head. He exerted some degree of pressure until he saw the eyes close and the mouth relax into the smile Bene would always remember and see in Sarehl. Bene took his hands away even as he gave Alfar a grief-stricken look.
Murmuring, "So it's begun", he picked some of the autumn flowers. He placed them in the hands of the man who'd once been Alfar. Bene stayed kneeling beside the dead man for a long time.
~~~
Bene hastened across the city to Alfar's house as fast as he could, terror and horror of what he'd find driving him. He didn't have far to go. Alfar had deliberately chosen to live as near to the Antiquities Centre as he could.
When he entered the gate, Bene saw the front door open and Sarehl ran down the path towards him, his big black eyes full of anxious delight. He careered into Bene. Bene stooped and steadied the boy, a hand ruffling the dark curls in a reassuring gesture, then, taking Sarehl by the hand, he looked up to see Melas stand motionless in the doorway. She was white even to her lips. Her eyes were very dark and distraught; she looked deeply traumatised.
With a rush of pity and anger, Bene walked quickly up the steps to grip her hand in his. Quietly, he led the woman and the boy inside, drew out a chair from the table and made Sarehl sit. Then he gently guided Melas to a deep-cushioned chair where she sank down, looking up at Bene. He crouched in front of her.
"My child," he murmured.
She gave a sob, then, her eyes looking directly into his, she asked in a whisper, "Who was he? Tell me, Bene. You know, don't you?"
Bene held both her hands in his, ignoring her questions as if they’d never been asked. Instead he said calmly, "When did it happen, my child? Just tell me who's hurt you so."
~~~
So Melas did. She told Bene how Elbe arrived in Ortok, almost as soon as Bene left the city, how this scholar developed a rapid friendship with Alfar, the older man sharing his knowledge with the younger man. She explained how Elbe was brought home. She touched on her fear of him, the longer he stayed. When it came to describing what Elbe did to her, she became incoherent. She shook so violently she could no longer speak. Bene put a hand to her mouth and shook his head at the same time as he gave a sideways glance to where Sarehl sat silent. The mage pulled Melas forward so that she rested in arms surprisingly strong for such an elderly man. She remained there, comforted.
Very gently Bene entered her mind to see what she'd endured for himself. He recognised, as Melas couldn't, the child that would grow: Bene knew that without any doubt at all. His mind reeled at the implications. He knew he needed time to consider. That time wasn’t now, because his immediate task was to calm, reassure and compassionately work to lessen Melas' memory. He accepted he'd have to work to subtly alter his daughter’s memory, if Melas was ever to live in peace. That she must consider the child was Alfar's was paramount in Bene's mind. He worked swiftly. He erased as much of her traumatic experience as he could.
As quietly as he'd entered her mind, so Bene left it. He looked down at Melas, her dark curls falling all about her, cheeks still wet. Bene waited for her to lift her head so he could meet and hold her eyes with his in a long and searching stare, and when he did, he felt again the stab of remorse he always felt when he saw her. Her eye colour was his, but her face and expressions were Cynthas. Fury such as he'd never felt shook Bene and made him turn abruptly away because it was as if he watched Cynthas violated, here, in front of him. Bene swallowed bile. That he couldn't comfort Melas as her father compounded his fury. He realised he was digging his nails into his palms. He sought self-control.
He turned back to Melas. He simply saw confusion and tiredness, but no anguish and no despair. She blinked. Bene got to his feet and began to deliberately talk in an inconsequential way.
"Where's Alfar, my child?" Melas rubbed her eyes and then her forehead.
"At the Centre," she replied, without hesitation.
"He wasn't there when I went to seek him," responded Bene. "Come and help me, Sar," he suggested, as he went over to the fireplace and lifted off the steaming kettle. Sarehl rose promptly.
"Perhaps," murmured Melas, rising unsteadily and going over to join him, "he's gone for a walk. He's not been himself for the last two days."
"Oh?" queried Bene lifting up his head. His glance remained unconcerned and casual.
"He seems lifeless," Melas commented. She took two large mugs from above the fireplace and placed them on the table.
"He's been working too hard probably," was the reply. Melas sighed. "How are you feeling, my dear?"
"Tired," she admitted, rubbing her eyes. "I think, with Alfar working such long hours, I'm imagining things. I need you, Bene." Melas smiled gratefully at the old man who smiled so gently back at her.
Bene held out his hand to the boy. When Sarehl came to him, Bene put his arms around the boy, held him very firmly and affectionately, and stroked the dark curls. He felt the quiver Sarehl gave and how the boy snuggled in as closely as he could. The old man's grip tightened.
Bene glanced across at Melas, saying softly, "Imagining things isn't unusual when you spend much time alone. Could you and Alfar also be having another child?" Bene saw the startled look. "If odd fears come again, you must tell me straight away so I can make them stay away."
As he spoke, Bene sat. He now had Sarehl pulled between his knees. The mage stared into the boy's big, black eyes that looked so trustfully into his and in that instant saw how profoundly gifted this child was. A sense of alarm gripped him. Melas spooned honey into the mugs before she passed one of them to Bene.
"I'm so pleased to see you again, Bene," she said impulsively. Then she gave a tired smile as she added, "I feel happier than I have since you went away. We've missed you, haven't we, Sar?" Sarehl nodded.
"I missed you all," Bene remarked, offering his mug to Sarehl and laughing at the boy's grimace when he tasted the brew. Sarehl leaned back against Bene's chest, his black eyes shining with pleasure at having the old scholar with them again.
"You should rest, Melas," suggested Bene, upending his mug and draining it. "You could sleep until Alfar comes home." Melas stared wistfully at him.
"What about the little ones?"
Bene glanced down at the dark head leaning on his chest, saying quietly, "Sar and I'll look after them, won't we, boy?"
The dark eyes that laughed up into Bene's drew a grin of response from the mage. Getting to his feet and helping Sarehl to his, Bene leaned across the table and held out a hand to the still wan figure. He followed Melas up the stairs to her room where she immediately curled up on the bed, her hair falling across her face. Bene stooped. He touched her forehead and she was asleep even before he took his hands away. Covering her warmly, Bene stood looking down at her for long moments. Fury gripped him again. It passed as quickly.
Preoccupied, he went slowly downstairs to see Sarehl point at the twins. Two season old Bethel was wide awake and cradled in Sarehl's arms, the child's huge purple eyes placid.
"I'll care for Bethel," Sarehl announced, settling himself in a chair.
"You care deeply for that one, don't you, boy?" observed Bene, seating himself and stretching out his long legs.
"I care for them all," was the response, "but to me, Bethel's special."
Bene watched the boy lean over Bethel and croon to him. He continued to watch as Sarehl rocked back and forth, letting his mind wander as he tried to grapple with what had occurred. His musings brought him no relief. His mind went back to that day with Cynthas. In hindsight, he now saw clearly. He knew exactly what they'd done, and acknowledged that the repercussions were endless, like the ripples from a stone cast negligently into the pond. Malekim had known at the moment of their joining.
Bene realised, too, how unwise they'd been to leave Malekim alive. They'd all thought the mage weakened to the extent he'd never again be an instrument of chaos and destruction, Malekim so devastated Bene found it difficult to comprehend how quickly the mage had healed - he had strength indeed if he'd sensed Bene in the clearing that day. The mage's potential was appalling. If it was Malekim who came to Melas, and Bene had no reason to doubt that what he saw in his daughter's mind was accurate, then Ambros confronted something vile and terrifying. Bene prayed, his heart in his mouth, he was mistaken in thinking the man who raped Melas was Malekim - but in his heart he knew exactly who'd come to his daughter, though the purpose of his doing so eluded him.
Bene opened his eyes. He was aware he was drenched with sweat. He stared over at the boy cuddling Bethel, knowing as he did a moment of deepest foreboding and he even lifted a thin hand in warning. Then he let his arm drop as a precognitive shiver shook him. As he tried to order his thoughts, both he and the boy were distracted by noise at the front of the house. Bene rose. He signalled to the boy that he was to stay where he was.
The old man went outside to greet the group of men who stood waiting. He saw they carried Alfar. He fell back so the men could carry the body into the house, and as they did, Bene went back to Sarehl, crossed to him and knelt there with a protective arm about the boy. He saw bewilderment in the young, black eyes before Sarehl bent his head over Bethel.
~~~
Melas found carrying her fifth child easy because Bene ensured it was. The birth, however, wasn't. In the last three seasons Bene became a shadow about the house. Always there, he helped Sarehl as the boy struggled to care for the twins who were two cycles and Bethel who was a cycle. Sarehl was only ten cycles old himself, yet there was never a complaint from him over all that time.
The boy grew into the image of his father, Bene noticed, the only sign he was Melas' son being the mop of black curls. Sarehl was quiet, reflective and mature for his age, successful at school, and had only lately been accepted for training at the Antiquities Centre. Bene saw pride of acceptance in the boy's slow and gentle smile.
Bene was seldom seen in the market these days, or on the common or in taprooms. He rarely went to the Centre either unless it was to collect Sarehl. The boy tore out to him, words tumbling from him in excitement as Bene indulgently listened, the small hand tucked into his as he and the boy walked along the avenue.
However, when Bene was seen by fellow scholars, he didn't smile and wouldn't answer questions or allow himself to be drawn into discussions as he once did. His associates found him remote and unusually grim. His violet eyes were distant and his frame noticeably more gaunt and certainly frailer, the curly white hair and beard longer and looking more unruly than ever. The haunted expression on Bene's face increased with every day of Melas' confinement. He seldom left her alone.
When the birth was due, Bene gave Melas everything he had to ease the intense physical pain that was caused by the child’s refusal to come. Bene communed almost constantly for two and a half seasons with the child's essence as she lay in the womb. Though Bene ensured the girl knew nothing of her paternity, or the violence of rape, she had an innate sense her conception was ungentle, her fear of it something the mage worked hard to soothe. Even though Bene assured her of full acceptance when she was born, still the girl was reluctant and hesitated. Bene kept gently encouraging her, until, with thoughtful pauses on the way, she did come, in the middle of the night, into Bene's hands held out in waiting. Tired and confused, she curled up on Melas' chest, her mouth tentatively suckling, the distinctive mark on her arm very faint.
A short time later Bene cast himself down at the foot of the bed. As he watched mother and child with eyes hazy with exhaustion, he noticed the child was now quietly asleep. Smiling contentedly, Melas opened her eyes.
"Alfar always wanted a daughter," she whispered. "He had a name for her." Bene didn't speak aloud, he just kept looking at the child.
"Myme Chlo," he mouthed, so quietly Melas barely heard him.
"Yes," she said, deeply surprised. "How did you know?"
"He told me once," lied Bene, omitting the child had told him her name months before. "I'll fetch Sarehl. The lad'll want to be with you."
Had anyone taken the time to look at Bene they’d have noticed how transparent he was. His work with Myme Chlo had drained him to such an extent, he felt he might never fully recover. He climbed wearily off the bed and going to the head of it, bent to kiss Melas on the hair, then stooped a little lower to touch the girl’s cheek. He got no response. That made him smile. He turned, leaving to find Sarehl. With a gentle hand and an affectionate pat to the boy's head, Bene guided Sarehl to his mother's room.
~~~
A season after Myme Chlo’s birth, Bene told Melas he needed to spend some time in solitude and contemplation, an urge, he assured her, that was usual for scholars from time to time. He reinforced in both her mind, and in Sarehl’s, that all would be well. At dawn, Bene left Ortok. Melas tugged at his beard so Bene had to bend his head. She kissed him, as would a daughter a beloved father. Sarehl clung to him and had to be gently pulled back and hugged by his mother as the old man began a slow walk down the path.
As he wandered idly down towards the canals, Bene tried, yet again, to force his mind to relax. Its fiercesome driving of him over the preceding months had left him empty and not a little frightened, nor could he stop thinking of this girl-child who was a quixotic wisp; she could blow either one way in life or another. She was born of both light and dark, with talents that were awesome and terrifying. Even as he'd struggled to mould her, Bene had no way of knowing whether she'd bring grief or happiness, child of the dark that she was.
Bene shivered as he approached the canal. Watching the water flow sluggishly, he squatted down next to a bollard, his mind once more a battleground of guilt and remorse. He'd seen into the future once. He didn't feel he could accept that challenge again and retain his sanity.
He kept repeating in a whisper, "Action and reaction".
He felt a tug at his mind and irritably brushed it aside. He felt it again and hunched himself. Words finally penetrated his tired, turbulent mind.
"You're ill," said the voice, deep and concerned. "It's time for you to come home." Bene lifted his head.
"Dramas," he stated flatly. He heard the ghost of a laugh in his mind but didn't respond.
"I've been sent for you." Bene sent back a sharp negative that was ignored. "One's coming to replace you to watch the child. You can do no more here." Bene tried to argue but the voice was persistent and persuasive. Bene had no energy to dispute with anyone.
"Does he know what has to be done?" he asked querulously. "I'll need to speak to him."
"No need," came the amused voice. "He's already been instructed. Come now, Archmage."
As negatives and refusals jostled in the mage's mind, Dramas gently cut through them all, and, as he'd been told to do, he closed down Bene's mind. Dramas ordered the old man to rise and walk to the common. Bene automatically climbed to dragon back, very quickly because Dramas only descended and hovered low enough for Bene to obey without much effort. It was a measure of the mage's exhaustion that he didn't quibble or speak irascibly.
The mind block was only lifted as the dragon rose rapidly in the air. When Dramas settled on the ground on Yarilo and Bene dismounted, the dragon met the mage's eyes apologetically.
"I'll talk with you again, my friend, about mind blocks," Bene said severely, his eyes wandering beyond the dragon to the peaceful setting.
"I'm responsible for you," Dramas growled softly, his eyes changing colour. "You need rest."
"I'm tired," acknowledged Bene, ruefully looking back at his dragon. What he read in the huge orbs made him feel small and humble. He mumbled something unintelligible and turned away.
"You'll soon be yourself," rumbled Dramas reassuringly. Bene raised a hand in response but kept walking, his head down.


CHAPTER NINE

It was a restful landscape that met the eyes of any traveller or guest to Yarilo. The mages’ hall was a vast jumble of buildings. Once you adjusted to how they rambled they had more uniformity than may at first be believed. On the first visit though, it was easy to get lost in the sprawling corridors that seemed to sweep both above and below ground, for endless distances. The grounds of the hall were vast, stretching well beyond normal sight.
The hall was a mass of differing styles and materials. Its charm lay in its bewildering variety of sandstone, bricks of red and brown, silverstone and greystone. The hall was multi-storied and festooned with ornamentation and towers decorated with balconies and delicate lacework. It was more a palace than a hall, but the mages preferred to think of it as a hall of learning.
There were huge rooms for assembling all the levels of mages, as well as the many initiates. The main assembly room was decorated with silverstone columns over thirty feet high, these fluted with moulded bases and with intricately moulded capitals. The capitals were crowned with huge dragon heads carved from eglan. They were very life-like. Often a mage felt he was being watched.
Other numerous rooms were private apartments and suites, not to mention halls for different functions and rooms for utility purposes. There were many gardens, some of them private; there were galleries, terraces and open courts. There was an especially imposing, tall tower on the south side that commanded the approach to the central great cobbled court of the hall. It was there the Archmage dwelled when he was in residence.
There was an external staircase to the hall too. It was both very wide and long, with shallow steps and silverstone reliefs along each side, these carved with a regular pattern of rosettes, the forms of people and almost indistinguishable creatures. It was similar to the stonework, inlaid with gems that graced the great gathering room.
As mages walked the paths, they could look up at the hall and see an embellishment at regular intervals, each ornament brightly painted, and, as in the assembly room, the eyes of each ornament followed the walker from corner to corner. Edging these paths were narrow gardens carefully tended by the initiates and planted with flowers and herbs indigenous to Yarilo. Stretching away from them were more ordered beds interspersed with lawns and hedges and, in turn, these rolled away to distant groves of enormous and ancient laken trees. Beside these even the lakes and small river faded into insignificance. Near the steps leading up to the hall, were miniature waterfalls that tumbled into flowered ponds.
~~~
The hall and environs didn’t seem unduly crowded. Most of those in evidence wore initiate green and brown robes, or lower level mage yellow and russet. There were no senior mages visible. This was because senior mages often invested themselves in invisibility, simply to be private. Bene, for one, found it preferable to wander unseen, claiming it helped him to think. On this day, after Dramas brought him home from Ortok, Bene needed peace and quiet to do exactly that.
The only problem with invisibility and preoccupation, though, was the inevitable collision with another mage who did the same thing. Deep in thought, his mind exhausted, Bene did bump into someone else in what had appeared to be an empty gallery. There were suddenly muffled mutters. Two men stood next to each other. One looked rueful, the other pained. Bene stared keenly at the other mage, then spoke to him with a definite note of affection in his voice.
"Autoc, where are you going?"
Autoc, like Bene, was tall, but he topped even the Archmage. Where Bene was frail, Autoc was gaunt and loose-limbed, with a shock of tawny hair that tumbled about his shoulders and a full coppery-gold beard. His eyes were startlingly bright, electric blue. When Autoc smiled his eyes danced.
"In the opposite direction from you, Master," he responded, straightening his gown. He looked hard at Bene. "When did you get back? I didn't hear Dramas arrive."
"It was early, Autoc, very early." Bene rubbed an elbow, adding, "I seem to have been gone a very long time." He was aware of Autoc's scrutiny and muttered testily, "What is it?"
"You've been gone only a short time in Yarilan terms, Master, but you look very much the worse for wear. What've you been doing?" Bene didn't answer. He rubbed his elbow.
"You're a rough fellow," he said, changing the conversation. Autoc took the hint, laughed and turning Bene round, linked arms with him.
"You're as tough as they come, Old One. Come now. Let's walk together - while we can," he added as an afterthought.
Bene looked across at him, saying enquiringly, "Oh?" Autoc smiled gently back at him.
"I'm leaving this evening, Master - for Ambros."
"For Ambros," repeated Bene softly. He stared deeply into the very blue eyes. Autoc held up a hand.
"Don't try to read me, Bene," he warned sweetly. "I'll throw you out, as you taught me to do." Bene started to laugh and shook Autoc's arm.
"No, will you indeed, you young cub?" Autoc began to chuckle. He walked in amicable silence until Bene broke it, asking quietly, "How long will you be gone?" Autoc shrugged expressively, his glance at Bene speculative. "You know more than you say, don't you?" Autoc's chuckle deepened.
"As you say, Master." Bene flicked at a piece of dust on his robe and gave an impatient sigh.
After a long pause, he said, "I'd go with you." Autoc's eyes lit up.
"I know you would, Bene, if you could, but you can't. Amril will take only me and he tells me he's to return to Ice Isle immediately afterwards."
"He tells you so?" Bene stood still, deliberating. "Have you been spoken or telethed?"
"Both, Master," was the quiet reply. Bene hissed.
"Where do you go on Ambros?" Autoc put slight pressure on Bene's arm to get him moving again.
"You know better than to ask me that," he responded gently. He noticed as he spoke how bent Bene's shoulders were and how drained the old man looked. Autoc could tell the Archmage suffered severe emotional stress. He added courteously. "I can't discuss this with anyone."
Bene nodded acquiescence and kept walking. Autoc led the way. Bene followed unresisting.
Then the Archmage paused, looked about him and said in a tired voice, "Why don't we go down by the lake? I've need of air and water."
Autoc obligingly changed direction. The two men reversed around the corner to stop at what seemed an impassable wall. Lifting up the creeper growing inside the corridor, Autoc gave a slight push, and as he did so, part of the wall moved. Once the men passed through, the wall resettled itself, and the creeper slipped back. Autoc and Bene found themselves on a narrow, high-walled path with no gate anywhere.
"Damn!" said Bene, standing still, his brow furrowed. "We're in the maze, aren't we, Autoc?" Autoc nodded, amused. Bene trod purposefully forward for a few paces then paused, turning back to Autoc. "Have I got this wrong?" he enquired.
"Keep going," advised Autoc, laughing at him. "I'll follow."
The two men kept moving one behind the other, turning corners and sometimes backtracking. Eventually, Bene strode forward and shot out of the maze to find himself beside a small lake. He gave a deep sigh. The lake was ringed with black and white selks, their young piping and peeping as they trailed behind the adults, ripples disturbing the surface of the lake.
"Charming time of the cycle," commented Autoc, coming to join Bene who sat on the stone edge.
Bene nodded absently. Neither man spoke for quite a while because Autoc respected the older man's desire for quiet. When Bene spoke, Autoc heard strain and tension in the deep voice.
"We lost too many in the last struggle. It was the end of the Second Age. You weren't on Yarilo then, were you?" Autoc shook his head. "I was very much younger. It's a long time ago, yet suddenly it seems as if it's real now."
Autoc saw moisture in the violet eyes, and, putting out his hand, he grasped the Archmage's shoulder in a gesture of comfort. His voice was quiet and serious.
"Yarilo had no choice but to do what was done. You taught me that, Master. The Unseen don't give us choices where Ambros is concerned." He felt Bene's shoulder stiffen under his hand. There was a tinge of sadness to Autoc's voice as he added, "It's part of being a mage, isn't it?"
"Bah!" snarled Bene, but he didn't shake off the hand on his shoulder. Autoc looked pensively at the lined face and at the sorrow he saw briefly touch the Archmage's unusual eyes.
"You're badly out of sorts, Master. Is something worrying you?" Taking his hand away, Autoc thought for a moment. "On Ambros?" he added softly. Bene's head bent lower.
"Nothing, Autoc, nothing," he murmured. "Just an abiding sense of foreboding and weariness." He stared meditatively at Autoc. "How old are you now, Autoc?" Autoc looked quite surprised, then he gave his youthful and disarming grin.
"A mere pup beside you, Master. I'm not even two hundred Ambros cycles. Not half," he teased, "your venerable age."
"Fledgling!" retorted Bene. He smiled reluctantly and gripped Autoc's hand. "You too may feel irritable when you're as old as I am." Autoc got to his feet. He didn't feel nearly two hundred cycles old, but he knew he was.
He said quietly, "No doubt, Venerable One. Shall we go for a meander? I think we have time."
Bene rose, with yet another deep sigh, stooped to stroke a blue selking that snapped at his fingers, then began a slow, contemplative amble through the grass. His robes swished as he walked.
"How do you feel about the balance, young one?" he asked unexpectedly, coming to a standstill and looking full into Autoc's startling eyes.
This time Autoc met the violet gaze unflinchingly, but with a considerable amount of awe. As he did, he realised again that he was indeed only a fledgling mage; it made him feel very humble, senior mage though he was on Yarilo. He may have been a master, but he knew he still had much to learn. He broke eye contact and smoothed the sleeve of his robe.
"We're taught it's a solution that ensures Ambrosian stability and progress," was his non-committal reply.
"And how is it satisfactory?" Bene had started walking again so didn't see the disturbed and thoughtful look Autoc gave him. Bene paused to snuffle at a bloom before moving again. He waited courteously for a reply.
"The power's linked and the balance currently maintained. Isn’t that the objective, Venerable One?"
"What if the equilibrium moves?" Bene plucked a flower and held it to his nose. "Or the link is inadvertently broken?"
"It's up to us on Yarilo to counter-balance it, Venerable One. That's our primary function, isn't it?"
"Can we do that again, Autoc?" Bene asked softly. "Have we so regained our strength? And what if Malekim reasserts himself?"
"We’re told he’s broken, Old One."
"For how long will he remain so? He's alive. I don’t believe he’s broken." Autoc looked neither comfortable nor assured. "He could be active and threatening, couldn't he?"
"What are you trying to tell me, Venerable One?"
"The balance is so fragile. Never become complacent."
"You never have been, Old One." Autoc saw the sudden twist to Bene's lips at that, before the Archmage turned quickly away.
"Always be vigilant, Autoc, and especially so on Ambros. Expect the unusual and never be surprised. Promise me this."
Autoc looked very serious. He didn't look at Bene. Bene gave an understanding "ah" as he surveyed the younger mage, made no further comment and moved on.
Autoc looked after him a little anxiously, than shrugged his shoulders, saying quietly, "I can promise within the limits of my instructions, Master."
He saw Bene nod and thought he understood Bene's cryptic comment only too well. It worried him. Both men stood silently, ankle deep in nodding flowers. Bene's eyes seemed to look far, far away.
"Do you remember the prophecy?" he asked abruptly. He didn't move and his eyes still looked unfocused. Autoc continued to stare at the flowers nodding in the sun.
"We all remember it," he said finally. "Why do you ask me that?" Again there was that long pause, but this time Autoc gave the older man a very long, penetrating stare.
"How many really do remember exactly what Ochleos said?" came the soft, deep voice. "It was thousands of Ambros cycles ago and the chroniclers didn't write it down immediately. Do we all have such perfect memories that we can recall what we were told?"
"All memories are fallible," agreed Autoc calmly, stroking his long, silky beard reflectively. "You're teaching me again, Master. What troubles you about fallible minds?"
"Have we interpreted correctly? Do we recognise omens as we should? Should the teaching be adjusted? These are things you should think on, young mage. They could be of singular importance in cycles to come." Bene's voice dropped very low. He was caught by a shiver that shook him. "Do we heed premonitions?" he whispered. His voice faded as he added quietly, "Always listen to your essence, Autoc. Let that be a guide, along with your knowledge."
Autoc nodded slowly. His eyes never left the Archmage's face. A moment later, Bene gave a weary smile and listened to the younger man speak, sadness in his eyes.
"I can't answer this any more than you, Venerable One, but I listen to you and I'll think on what you say. That's what you wish me to do, isn't it?" Bene's smile suddenly deepened. He touched Autoc gently.
"You've always been special to me, but you know that, don't you?" There was no need for the younger mage to respond. It showed in his face. Autoc grasped the thin hand and held it briefly to his lips.
Looking at the Archmage with some concern, he said, "You're deeply exhausted. You must also know I'll follow all you taught me, Revered One, though some things are imponderables that we'll probably argue over for cycles to come." He stooped to pick another flower that he handed to Bene, saying with a wicked twinkle, "Perhaps you should join us at the gathering. I'll go to it before I leave." Bene looked up, his eyes bright and alert.
"Why should I? I'm too tired."
"We need some seriousness at what might otherwise be considered a time of frivolity," suggested Autoc facetiously. Bene's brow cleared.
"You're a cheeky young thing," he said, beginning to laugh. The men linked arms. At the base of the shallow steps that led up to the hall, Bene tightened his grip on Autoc's arm. "Take care of them for me," he said pleadingly.
Autoc said very gently, "I'll do all I can within the limits of my instructions, I promise you that, Venerable One. I beg you to trust me."
Bene glanced at the younger mage, his expression softened. He nodded and they began walking again.


Yarilan Chronicles 2466, Crescent Astral Yarilo Cycle 2208.

We note, with increased concern, the rumours that earlier reached us, do have alarming substance. There's a strong source of power in the deep south, not yet isolated. We hope the power that exists isn't that of the renegade Malekim. Since this alleged sorcerer has shown no signs of being our erstwhile brother, perhaps we're over-anxious. Still, we watch with increased concern.
 
Many areas of the south are now subjugated. It includes the gentle Yazd. They are ruthlessly hunted down and slaughtered or sometimes enslaved by the dominant warrior lord, named Lodestok. We hear he now answers to Warlord.
 
We're told the Conclave of Readers and Seekers may be in jeopardy. That seriously alarms us because the Conclave has an important function for the balance of Ambros. We continue to closely monitor the situation.
 
In the north of Ambros, there are no signs of warlike tendencies. The peace that's prevailed there for hundreds of Ambros cycles is pleasing.
 
Our Archmage has returned from a stay on Ambros. He's understandably deeply anxious that the south's activities could upset the balance as happened in the past. He fears history may repeat itself, something to be avoided at all costs.

Yarilan Chronicles 2467, Crescent Astral Yarilo Cycle 2208.

We've received advice from the Conclave. The Mishtok tells us the source of power in the south comes from a sorcerer who calls himself Blach. Little is known about him, but we'll be sent all information as it’s received. I'll duly record it.
 
Again we wonder if the sorcerer, whoever he is, is near or at an ancient Keep. We suspect he is.


CHAPTER TEN

To the northern Ambrosians, the people of the south were remote. It had been this way since the times of earlier conflict and upheaval at the end of the Second Age. Northern and Central Ambros had peacefully flourished. In the south, people bickered among themselves for hundreds of cycles. They had no thoughts of unity, or understanding of the value of combining power to enable them to progress. Many were singularly cruel and ruthless groups, too busy ensuring their individuality survived to take over-much notice of their farthest northern neighbours. Unkind mountainous terrain between north and south Ambros didn't encourage either side to contact the other.
In the south of Ambros, any social development, after the upheaval of the Second Age, came late compared with the north. The earliest southern culture disappeared some cycles before the upheaval began. Northern children learned that the spread of wars was inevitable as a social order was formed. So it transpired in the south.
~~~
After the disintegration of the early social order and civilisation, mostly the Druans, some southern tribes became preoccupied with military organisation. They built defensive forts and camps. These became fortified towns that, in turn, were superseded by big walled cities built with frightening defensive capabilities. The larger the city, the more control its leader had over others. Cities were built to show wealth and to intimidate. Existing Druan cities were absorbed by the more powerful.
Originally, because they came from similar ethnic roots, many of the southern peoples had similar weapons, but over time whole groupings ceased to be martial, while others became more so. As cycles passed, arms became more sophisticated and lethal, with emphasis, in some cities, given to organised training. Not so in other cities. Some peoples became more proficient in the use of weaponry and became feared for their prowess. The massively walled cities became influential and increasingly wealthy - they were rigorously protected.
~~~
The status of warrior among these more warlike people had enormous and increasing significance, because these warriors developed into a class of their own. They made others submissive to them. However, being a warrior was not a role entered into lightly. Though it sometimes led to loss of life, it could also lead to power, despite the rites to warriorhood being vicious. These warriors, therefore, were taught to be impervious to pain or suffering, and among them endurance was lauded. This made them fiercesome and terrifying opponents in war.
Submission to their chief, or warrior lord as he became known, was paramount. Their lives were lived at his whim. Each initiate was also required to undergo a long period of intensive training in weaponry, in horsemanship and in the arts of war. This latter was not so different from life in some of the northern states, namely Kyaran and Sushi.
What happened in the south, however, was to have far-reaching implications for the whole of Ambros. With the development of social organisation came a formalised military life for many of these groups. The original groupings of tribes and clans no longer sufficed. One group of tribesfolk grew stronger, faster than the rest and they united among themselves, as others didn't.
~~~
These were the Nuur, the Kerulen, the Kersk, the Vaksh, and the Churchik. All these people had strong ethnic links. They were fiercely cruel and quarrelsome, the dominant group among them the Churchik who aroused terror wherever they went. Even other peoples, within this grouping, soon lost their loosely given affinity and were ruthlessly absorbed into the expanding power of the Churchik. For the Churchik, military might and physical prowess attained such importance it conditioned the whole structure and outlook of their society. Warriors became the elite, the warrior lords inviolate.
~~~
Among the Churchik, the warrior lord became a ruler within his city-states, with a personal warrior guard, and a permanent standing army in a perpetual state of readiness for frequent feuds and punitive sorties on rivals. Each warrior, of whatever rank, swore fealty to the warrior lord. It was done with blood. Captives became slaves who lived in abject and terrorized servility. The Churchik controlled not only the waging of war. They also learned how to plan long-range attacks.
~~~
Of all the warrior lords, one stood out as singularly efficient and brutal. His name was Lodestok. Blach, a sorcerer who occupied a southern fortress, a Keep, began to pay him particular attention, encouraging him in his ambition to establish a Churchik empire that would control Ambros. Over time, other warrior lords deferred more and more to Lodestok. The last remaining independent city-states, mostly Vaksh, had succumbed some time since. They were totally decimated by the Churchik. Lodestok conquered rulers and people at astonishing speed. Lodestok, though a Vaksh, became the natural leader and when he styled himself Warlord, no other warrior lord was prepared to argue with him.
~~~
The Churchik learned from their past as few others did, surpassing their predecessors in the effective and ruthless use of savagery. Mutilation and slavery became accepted and commonplace. Blach, through Lodestok, encouraged cruel reprisals. The sorcerer was seldom seen, but it was known in the early days that he was in contact with the most powerful warrior lords, then, finally, only with Lodestok.
~~~
Men relentlessly trained before campaigns. Discipline was vicious and harsh, with transgression of any sort, including physical weakness, swiftly dealt with. It was never a pleasant way to die. Warriors were always under control and battle ready; the crueller they were, the faster up the hierarchy they went. Those at the bottom of the scale found life difficult.
~~~
Quite suddenly the Churchik began to increase in power. All now had to owe allegiance to Lodestok. That this coincided with the warlord being a guest at the sorcerer’s Keep led to uneasy murmurings that Blach favoured the Churchik ruled by this warlord. Rumours spread that he could control men’s minds, and stories circulated of Churchik now enslaving former allies, with atrocities perpetrated under the guise of control and overlordship. People who once regularly visited the deep south shied away. Uneasiness was rife. None of them, though, sensed their fate.
~~~
Blach made contact with Lodestok after a long absence. A messenger arrived at Valshika, Lodestok’s main city-state, and immediately prostrated himself when the warlord stood over him and nudged him with a booted foot. The messenger looked up, scared eyes meeting chilly blue ones, as he handed over a billet with the sorcerer’s red dragon seal.
"You are from the Keep?" The man nodded. "You are, presumably, mute?" There was another nod. "Is a reply expected?" There was a third nod. "Leave me."
~~~
Lodestok was fairly representative of his race. He was exceptionally tall compared with most Ambrosians other than the Shadowlanders, though some northerners, like the Samars, had height. All Churchik and Vaksh were unusually tall. Where many of the southern people were slightly built, Lodestok was a Vaksh, with a barrel chest and heavily muscled thighs. Like the Churchik, they were physically extremely powerful and made excellent, fiercesome fighters.
Most deep southerners were fair. The Vaksh, like the Kerulen, were very pale blond; the Churchik blond was more yellow. Lodestok’s paler hair was thick and curly and hung just below his massive shoulders. It was a sign of his Vaksh origin that he never wore his hair restrained in the plaited queue of the Churchik. This also set him apart.
Implanted in his forehead, though partly obscured by hair, he wore a large blue gem that denoted his status as a Saratquan, or warrior lord, of city-states, and the rest of his person was bedecked in the southern fashion, with heavy bracelets, multiple expensive earrings, lavish, heavy rings on each finger and intricately woven necklaces of gold.
He wore the mark of all Churchik who aspired to be warriors: it was a long, deep, white line that cut from above the left eye, swept across the cheekbone and ended at the lobe of the ear. Much of it was hidden by the very long and luxuriant beard. A lush moustache drooped over a ruthless mouth. Lodestok was imposing and a very fine-looking man.
Only very recently, Lodestok decided to use the facial cut, this time on the right side of the face, as a sign of slave ownership, as well as branding. Slaves would carry both marks for ease of identification. He was mulling over an alternative to the facial cut for newly made warriors and was thinking about this when the Keep messenger arrived.
Lodestok perused the missive, frowned slightly, and sat thoughtfully for some time, then he pensively rose. He strode in a leisurely way to a desk, sat, and began deliberately to write.
~~~
It was always hot at the Keep, but inside where Blach and Lodestok sat was pleasantly cool. The two men had conversed for some time before there was a long pause. Blach raised his eyes from his goblet, rose, filled his and then crossed to the warlord to fill his. When Lodestok looked up, their eyes met.
"You have a great thirst for knowledge, Warlord. What I show you fascinates your enquiring mind."
"Tantalises, yes," assented Lodestok. "It would be easy to lose cycles here studying what you show me. Is there more?"
"Oh, yes." There was the ghost of a laugh in the sorcerer’s voice. "You see barely a glimpse, my friend. I am willing to indulge your insatiable quest for knowledge, Warlord."
"Nothing is ever so freely given," observed Lodestok, a glint in his eyes.
"Of course not," agreed the sorcerer blandly. He looked faintly amused. "But my requests are simplicity themselves."
"Make them," offered Lodestok. The sorcerer obliged. Lodestok was thoughtful.
"I know your ambitions, Warlord. In part they coincide with mine. What have you got to lose? I will even show you how to fully read minds. Surely that’s tempting, isn’t it?"
"It is," agreed Lodestok. "Very."
"It will mean I can communicate with you more easily as well. " Lodestok eyed the sorcerer, an eyebrow raised. "Rather than send letters."
"Only if you wish to see me, Blach. I accept nothing else."
"As you wish," shrugged Blach. "Now, to what we discuss. You know who interest me the most?"
"The Yazd have no interest for me, or much use either, other than as slaves. You are welcome to them. Likewise reader/seekers, though some around could be useful, unless you want all those captured."
"Not at all, Warlord. I’m not greedy. Just keep a constant flow to keep me company and entertained." The voice was chilling.
"Why not?" responded Lodestok.
"Then, my friend, while you finally consider, may I show you more of the Keep. It’s very ancient."
"How did I get here?" Lodestok rose.
"Now then, Warlord," laughed Blach. "Do you expect me to let you know everything?"
A reluctant smile came to the warlord’s grimly set lips. At the moment he turned and met Blach’s eyes, Lodestok, again, had the oddest, fleeting sensation the sorcerer was in his mind. He blinked and strode forward.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

Among the other southern people there was a range of groupings: Sinhalien, Tsinan and Linho in the east, with Yazd, Saad, Faradhi and Mashhad to the west. They were all separate from the Churchik and owed allegiance to none but themselves. These people were more democratic, though most had a ruler of some sort. None of them owed allegiance to any dominant warrior overlord, though they had leading and respected families, and the groups had an easy understanding with one another - none sought to dominate another. They had no ethnic connection with the Churchik or others from the deep south.
Those in the east were gifted horsemen and bowmen who bred their own horseflesh. They had once traded all over the south of Ambros, and, once long ago, in the north. Those in the west were gentle and fey people, many of the Yazd known to have second sight and to be gifted healers. In the west, the cities weren't large, their citizens contented and peaceable, their sparring wars long forgotten. The Yazd had never fought throughout their long history.
Further north again were both nomadic and settled mountain peoples. The nomads wandered the mountainous provinces, grazing stock on pasture wherever they could find it. They were jewellers and goldsmiths who were known to be highly creative. One group was extremely socialised and rigidly structured; they were a most prosperous people known for their superb wine. None of these groups fought among themselves and they remained remote and self-contained. All but the Dakhilan traded only between themselves. It was the Dakhilan who held strategic access to the north of Ambros through treacherous mountain passes.
~~~
Lodestok's first foray was an assault on the peaceful folk to the West. He almost committed genocide. Although the western folk knew he was coming, they seemed paralysed by inaction and a disbelief that this could happen at all. There were no natural defences between them and the invaders; indeed, it was low-lying country of rolling hillocks and shallow valleys. The soil was fertile, so, in the past, it had been the sensible thing to settle, to build and to till the soil.
These people had dug huge irrigation channels where the dry grasslands petered out to the fringes of creeping desert or scrubland. It was rich land and the people had thrived. Now their very existence was threatened and they were vulnerable in every way; even their prosperous cities had low walls because the people hadn’t needed defences for long cycles. It was thought they might, aeons ago, have originated from northern and eastern Ambros.
The western folk did confront the advancing army but were over-run by sheer force of numbers. They were stunned by the viciousness and ferocity they encountered. No cities were spared. Women and children were slaughtered by the thousands, while men and older boys were branded and sent east as slaves in long caravans.
The truly fey folk of the Saad were taken in by their kin, the Yazd, and given protection, an act of kindness that tragically rebounded on them. Learning of this, Lodestok turned his full attention on these gentle people. When the Yazd refused to give up the pitifully few survivors, Lodestok ordered a wholesale extermination of the Yazd as a people. He felt he was justified in committing genocide.
It was an appalling atrocity of extraordinary brutality. Within a short time, the Yazd, as a society, ceased to exist. Cowed by this and decimated in numbers, the remaining people, other than those lucky enough to escape to the north, capitulated totally to the warlord. Lodestok took a small group of captured, especially fey folk, back to his city state of Valshika, where he could take his time to assess them for his own use, or organise them for transportation to the Keep.
Those who cycles earlier hinted Blach had the ability to control and manipulate minds, hadn't lied. The fey folk of the west, who were sent to him as a gift from Lodestok, learned this all too bitterly. Rumours that those sent in small caravans to the Keep never left it began to circulate. There were whispers that the sorcerer did unspeakable things there, the Keep guarded by huge red-eyed men who cared for horses mutated through magic. For fey people, such as the Yazd and the Saad, to be captured and sent there, was a fate far worse than death. It also became known that the sorcerer sought mutes as most suitable for his purposes. Those not naturally mute were made so. The name Blach became synonymous with dread. It was now common knowledge that Lodestok frequented the Keep as a welcome visitor.
~~~
Lodestok left the west subjugated, with the threat of renewed retribution should his terms for yearly tribute not be met promptly. Knowing of the torture that could be inflicted on the talented, the conquered peoples accepted all Lodestok's demands. It was a frightening situation for them, because the talented folk now only numbered hundreds in their homelands, where once thousands sprawled across the countryside. Their only joy was in knowing many hundreds more managed, by extraordinary means and undeniable courage, to get to safety through the mountains.
~~~
Lodestok sat at ease, temporarily sated, at Valshika, where he relaxed to follow scholarly and sporting pursuits. It was while he perused a document from the library at the Keep, lent to him by the sorcerer, that a voice spoke quietly in his mind.
"How is your war machine, my friend?" Lodestok raised his head.
"It will soon need more to sustain it."
"Would you consider looking east and north for workers?"
"Do you suggest any benefit from that?"
"I would ask you to come to the Keep shortly, Warlord, where we can have a fruitful discussion of mutual benefit."
~~~
Though Lodestok now had thousands of slaves to help with the war effort, as his power increased, so did his machinery of war. That machinery needed ever more workers. After discussion with the sorcerer, Lodestok suddenly looked northwest to the mountain peoples. The warlord had utter contempt for all races but his own and this contempt spurred his attack. This was no easy conquest. The mountain men fought like devils possessed, inflicting heavy losses on Lodestok's men.
Lodestok decided on strategy rather than brute force in the mountains. He was used to riding en masse and over-powering. He knew that wouldn’t work here. He chose one mountain group at a time. He stationed his men along nomadic trails and isolated these men in a way that broke the regular communications between peoples and stopped the trade in weapons, medicine and food. The hill tribesmen held out for a very long time. So did Lodestok. His food wagons plied north regularly, barely hindered by any organised assaults or skirmishes.
Finally, Lodestok swallowed up the mountain people, piece by piece. Now he was confronted with the Dakhilah. This highly structured society, which was the pivot of access between north and south Ambros, eventually fell with its leader, the Chamah, brutally executed. As the Chamah was the idol of his people, indeed a deity, the social order convulsed.
Lodestok enslaved thousands of the mountain folk, slaughtered many more and again exacted tribute, this time in precious metals and gems. He set up a terrifyingly efficient warrior overlord, in the Dahkilah main city of Elibera, to ensure the obedience of the populace, Alleghy's tactics so cruel and ruthlessly oppressive, opposition died early. Elibera as a city was spared, because Lodestok decided it would be his city in central Ambros. Lodestok deliberately decimated the Dakhilah in anger at the Chamah's children being taken to refuge in the north, with most of the Dakhilan armed and horsed men accompanying them.
The warlord nearly exterminated the Cyren, who only survived because they out-flanked Lodestok's men by making an agonisingly slow and arduous trek over the mountains to the Qara. The remnants of the Qara, and there were pitifully few of them, retreated northwest with the Cyren, into truly inhospitable mountainous terrain. They were led by a remarkable man named Kalor.
Lodestok let them go. He had a plentiful supply of slaves, and metals and gems flowed into the coffers at Valshika: he had access to the northern lands that greatly inspired him: he had talented minds that he could use to probe lands ahead of him: and lastly, he almost completely controlled the south of Ambros.
~~~
When Blach heard of the conquests, a smile twisted his mouth in pleasure.
~~~
Lodestok thought about a northwards push but he wasn’t in a hurry. He needed particular horses to move his men at speed through the mountains. He had heavy horses for haulage and the southern destriers were magnificent steeds built to carry the weight of a Churchik warrior in battle, but the warlord had heard of, and wanted, the fleet-footed, lighter horse of the eastern steppemen. These beasts were renowned for stamina. Lodestok also wanted the plainsmen's skill with a bow: that was equally legendary.
This time Lodestok changed his tactics. He sent a messenger ahead, announcing that he came as a Churchik envoy and wished to speak with one of similar status from among the plainsmen. Escorted by a suitably threatening group of warriors, Lodestok set forth on what he intended would be a probing exercise. When Lodestok's men came down from the Sinhalien mountains, they saw a spreading, vast plain that swept for miles in every direction. Such space held the whole party momentarily speechless. No one did anything for a long spell, the warriors twisting round in the saddle to look back from where they'd come. Even the mountains towering behind them lost their awesome grandeur.
~~~
Blach's foremost warrior lord looked broodingly into the endless distance. He made no signal. He just sat astride his horse, watching. Lodestok's eyes held an implacable expression and he drove anyone connected with him with remorseless indifference; he rarely now gave quarter in times of war. Here was a man the Sinhaliens could learn to fear, as had others before them. Now, as he sat astride his huge caparisoned warhorse, Lodestok stroked his whiskers, while his men restrained restive mounts that tossed heads and manes, and snorted or stamped.
After a long time not moving, Lodestok raised his hand and pointed to the horizon where a faint dust could be seen. As the dust cloud came closer, it looked like a tide of movement coming towards them. Lodestok stayed impassive, watching. The tide coalesced into a very large troop of horsemen headed towards the alps at speed, the warlord intrigued to witness horses that could cover the ground at such a pace. He immediately decided that his army would take them, one way or another.
Lodestok spurred his horse and the others followed, holding their warhorses on tight reins. The warlord's horse picked its way carefully down the steeply sloping moraine until it got onto firmer ground. The warlord rode only a few yards further. He reined in, and sat, waiting.
The racing steppemen suddenly swerved in unison and wrenched the horses back on their haunches in one fluid movement. Lodestok and his men could now see them clearly. There was no milling or disorder; these men were as disciplined as a troupe of dancers.
The steppemen were tall and slender with white hair cropped short and worn under skullcaps. Their eyes were faintly slanted and uniformly gray. They had olive skins that looked oddly at variance with the white wisps of hair escaping the confines of the caps, had narrow, long hands and they all carried bows and quivers. As they sat, they were as immobile as Lodestok and even more unsmiling. Lodestok noticed they rode bareback, man and horse giving the impression of being inseparable. The warlord noticed, too, as he watched one rider nudge his mount forward, that these men wore very high riding boots that covered the knees.
Lodestok, too, moved forward, waving his men back. The steppeman stopped his horse when it was almost nose-to-nose with the warlord's, Lodestok drawing up barely in time to avoid a collision. Irritably, he glared across at the steppeman. He got nothing more in response than a blank stare.
"I am from the south," Lodestok began, his voice cold and clipped. "We seek contact."
"We know you're from the south," came the unexpectedly deep voice from the slender frame lounged at ease on a still horse. "But do you seek contact, or do you come to serve us as so many southern people have been served?"
Lodestok gave an unwise jerk of the reins and his mount plunged. Quick as a flash, the steppeman wrenched the reins from the warlord's hands, pulled hard down on them and immediately the horse responded to both hand and gentle crooned words. It stood still, quivering. The horseman patted it quietly.
"We do not answer for our actions to you," was Lodestok's stern reply. He didn't thank the steppeman for saving him from losing both his seat and his dignity. He took back the reins ungraciously.
"We're well aware of that," came a slightly mocking response. There was no smile in the steppeman's eyes. Lodestok growled softly through his teeth.
"Do you wish to deal with us, or do you want us to take what we desire?"
"You could try to take what you want," said the steppeman pensively, staring between his horse's flickering ears. "Or you leave us in peace."
"Accept your terms?" the warlord asked incredulously. "I would never accept that."
Lodestok was immediately struck by the humour and effrontery of the man and he began to laugh, his head thrown back. It wasn’t an infectious laugh: it held overtones of menace. The steppeman remained indifferent.
"As you wish," he said coolly, turning his horse. Goaded, Lodestok called to him. The horseman reined in, his head turned enquiringly. "Is speaking fruitful?" he asked. Lodestok shrugged.
"We can only try."
The steppeman's eyes glinted, though his face remained graven.
"Then send your horse back to your men," he ordered, jumping lightly off his and patting it gently on the rump.
The horse trotted straight over to another steppeman who edged his horse forward from the ranks - the man caught the dangling reins and drew the animal back into the line with precision and without fuss. Lodestok gritted his teeth at the order. He stored it in his mind for when he next met this Sinhalien.
The Sinhalien waved nonchalantly in the direction of the windblown grass a few yards beyond where Lodestok dismounted, and quite casually sank down, cross-legged, when he found a lush patch. Then he sat immobile like a carving, his face expressionless. Lodestok was sorely tempted to teach this man a lesson, but experience advised against it. He knew, instinctively, that the mounted men only a short distance away were lethal bowmen and would kill him and his men without blinking.
Sitting uncomfortably, he squinted into the lowering sun. He decided to sit the Sinhalien out. As this seemed to have no effect on the steppeman, Lodestok gave up on that tactic and tried to speak in a more friendly manner. It didn’t come easily.
"We merely wish to know you," he stated, almost gnashing his teeth with irritation. A deep, slow chuckle was the response to that.
"You have no desire to know us. You mustn't take us for fools," laughed the steppeman. The warlord didn't laugh.
"I am unlikely to do that," he agreed. "What do I call you?"
"Asok," came the monosyllabic reply.
"No title?" asked Lodestok interested.
"It'll suffice for you to know me only as Asok, Fleet of Foot, son of Atok, son of tribe Equii, Sinhalien."
"Impressive," nodded Lodestok, lounging back on one elbow and nibbling a piece of grass. "Are titles important to your people?"
"Not at all, stranger, not at all," smiled Asok. "And you are?"
"I answer to Lodestok, Churchik warrior, Vaksh-born."
"And may I enquire after your title?" asked Asok amiably.
"I am a warrior lord or Saratquan," was the terse response. "Some call me Warlord."
"Ah," murmured the steppeman, "a warrior lord." He stared meditatively into the distance. "So your visit is of some import then?" Lodestok's mutter was noncommittal. "And it is?" Asok's eyebrows rose enquiringly in question. Lodestok looked hard at him.
"We want your horses, and we want your expertise with them and with the bow," he stated bluntly.
"Ah," came a sigh. "So that's it. And if we choose not to oblige?"
"We shall return in force and slay you. We shall then take what we want." It was a brutal but truthful response.
"But what use are we dead?" queried Asok calmly. Menace dripped from Lodestok's low, soft voice.
"Only women and children die, my friend."
"And the bowmen?"
"Slaves, of course," grinned Lodestok broadly. "They would be reasonably treated, naturally, as we need your skills to complement our own. But they would be slaves, none-the-less."
"And this you call getting to know a people?" Asok got abruptly to his feet and stared down into the cold and mocking face. The warlord's steely eyes met softer gray ones.
"You do understand me, do you not?" came the still soft voice. Asok's eyes flashed in warning. Nor did his gaze waver from Lodestok's.
"Oh, yes, I clearly understand. And if we agree, what then?"
"We would be obliged to leave you alone, would we not?"
"For how long?" demanded Asok, still standing unmoving.
"That is rather mistrustful of you, my friend," commented Lodestok, coming to his feet. Asok saw disturbing gleams of malicious amusement dance across the steely blue eyes.
"I asked, how long before you return to ask for more, and then more again?"
"I do not believe you are in the bargaining position, are you?" As he spoke, Lodestok reached over and grasped a slender wrist.
The Sinhalien didn't flinch; he merely looked at the warlord's hand holding his. Lodestok faintly heard a distant click and became aware, as he turned his head, that the front rank of horsemen had their bowstrings pulled back taut. With a curse, he thrust the Sinhalien away. Asok stared back at him, his expression unreadable, his brow creased and fingers clenched on a bow.
"No, no, my friend," laughed Lodestok. "Not now, not now! Later you can show me your prowess. For the moment, I shall camp here and at sunrise you will personally deliver your answer to me." He paused and looked over at the now relaxed bowmen. "A token of your goodwill would be twenty of those bowmen, would it not?" There was another pause, during which Asok made no move. "And their horses, of course."
As he spoke, Lodestok turned on his heel and strode towards his still mounted men. He didn't bother to give a backward glance.
~~~
Asok watched him go, then sat down in the grass again. His men did nothing until he rose and with a flick of his wrist, signalled to them. Once Asok was mounted, the whole troop wheeled as one and rode away at a brisk canter.
Lodestok reached his men. At that point he did look back. He saw Asok rise and saw the steppemen leave. The smile of satisfaction was wiped from his face, however, when one of his men, more versed in Sinhalien ways, pointed out the significance of the gesture Asok made before he rose to his feet. Lodestok's face darkened when he learned a spit ground under foot was a deadly insult, rarely used among the Sinhalien.
~~~
Early the next morning, Lodestok kicked his men out from under their blankets, ordering camp to be broken as soon as Asok made his appearance. Early sun meal was a sketchy and tasteless affair that the warlord was barely conscious of eating. He stood on the edge of the steppe, a solitary but powerful figure, just waiting. And he continued to stand there for a long time. The sun rose, flushing the mountain tips and clouds with crimson - the whole world, thought Lodestok grimly, seemed bathed in blood. When sunrise paled to the soft golden glow of sunlight, Lodestok ordered his men to break camp and be mounted in short order. His men acknowledged the warlord was in the fiend's own temper and when he loudly cursed the Sinhalien with venom, even his own men shrank back. Swearing revenge, Lodestok swung himself into the saddle and applied his spurs viciously to his horse's flanks.


CHAPTER TWELVE

Lodestok took the Sinhalien's insult very personally. The resulting assault on the steppe people was unrelenting and mostly unsuccessful. Considering the warlord's objective was to totally crush the Sinhalien and reduce them to slavery, he failed utterly. To begin with, Sinhalien losses were serious, but they lessened very quickly, Lodestok unable to comprehend the commitment of the steppe folk never to be taken alive. Those taken prisoner, who were disarmed, quite simply died. There was never any sign of violence to explain the deaths.
Time and again, Lodestok's army swept across the steppes to find deserted small settlements, or worse, to find them burning. Consequently, there was no looting and no rape, which made the warlord's men restless and irritable. They never found any cities. Demanding more prisoners, Lodestok worked himself into a fury of frustration. He became extremely unpleasant to be around. All his men avoided him whenever possible and the boys he found were brutalised. That his regular boy hadn't accompanied Lodestok on this campaign surprised the men, though no one spoke of it in the warlord's hearing.
As the assault on the Sinhaliens intensified, so did Lodestok's conviction that he was in the middle of a no-win situation. Often his camps were surrounded and raided, the men slaughtered most efficiently - the steppemen seemed to appear from nowhere. His men may have outnumbered the Sinhalien, but it didn't stop the steppemen from regularly picking them off. In battle, the Sinhalien arrows were deadly - Lodestok had never seen one of their archers miss. Somehow, the Sinhalien were always one step ahead of him, and moved steadily towards their northern Sinhalien cousins in Tsinan. Lodestok knew his men were being deliberately drawn north, so by the time they reached the southern fringes of Lake Kanibadam, he immediately called a halt.
The steppes still stretched solidly in front of them, but Lodestok was well aware that beyond the Kasspar Sea were the wildlands, where survival would become very uncertain. As bloody-minded and ruthless as he was, he knew he could not order men across the sea that fed the lake, nor could he order them into the wildlands. Instead, he set up a huge camp near Lake Kanibadam and waited.
As a tactic, it should have worked. There seemed no reason why it shouldn't. It turned out otherwise and became Lodestok's first reverse in his wars of conquest in the south. Somehow, Lodestok's scouts missed the massed steppemen on the southeastern fringes of the lake: even worse, they had no idea of the combined force of Sinhalien, with their Tsinan kinsmen, who lurked in a huge encampment round the eastern arm of the lake.
The resulting battle was bitter and savage. The steppemen attacked in the very early hours of the morning and swept through Lodestok's camp with ruthless efficiency. Unlike the warlord, they took no prisoners, only emancipating any slaves they came across, but they were few. Steppe losses were minimal - Lodestok's were enormous.
As his army began desperately to retreat, it was harried in a brutal and effective fashion, finally encircled much further south near the base of the Sinhalien mountains. To escape back to Kerulen, the army had to negotiate mountain trails with which the Sinhalien were so cruelly familiar. The Churchik army wasn’t.
The remnant of Lodestok's army, and it was only a rump, managed to retreat to the mountains, Lodestok bullying them into taking as many Sinhalien horses as they could. The steppemen, unusually for them, followed the army up the trails, still engaging in skirmishes that continually hurt the Churchik. They also took back all their horses.
Lodestok watched in impotent, seething rage. It was only as his men passed over the mountains and reached the sparse woodland skirting the flanks of the mountain slopes on the Churchik side, that the steppemen pulled back. It was a costly mistake by the warlord.
~~~
Months later, when Lodestok went tentatively back over the Sinhalien mountains with just a few warriors, this time his boy with him, he saw no Sinhalien, but he did see an unwelcome sight. For miles as far as the eye could see, was nothing but barren scorched land - nothing at all had been left by the steppemen. Lodestok sat his horse for a long time, then he turned slowly away, a predatory and unpleasant smile curling his sensual mouth. The smile, his boy noticed with a convulsive shiver, missed the warlord's eyes.
Lodestok looked down at the slight boy who stood respectfully still, several paces from the warhorse. That the child was a slave showed in the torc he wore and the blond head bent as befitted a slave.
"Do you see the scorched land, boy?" The boy lifted his head, the big green eyes unfathomably deep for one so young.
"Yes, my lord."
"We will come back. Those who did this will find me an unforgiving man, even though they are admirable foes." Another deeper shiver shook the boy. "You will see more of this when we move north. I shall spare no one. It should remind you, should it not, that I take what I want?"
"Yes, my lord."
"And that includes my slave."
"Yes, my lord," repeated the boy in a whisper.
"I am deeply angered, Sarssen." The boy kept still. "You will, if you are wise, ensure I do not remain that way. Do I make myself quite clear?"
"My lord." There was passive resignation in the voice, as master’s eyes met slave’s.
"Mount your horse."
Lodestok missed the flare of bleakness that touched the fine eyes as the boy quickly obeyed. Sarssen waited while another slave clipped his ankle chains to the stirrups, then quietly urged the horse forward to follow his master.
~~~
Deciding to consolidate his conquests, Lodestok rested. He sent his warrior lords to different parts of his empire to enforce demands and slavish obedience to his will and set up a council of elite warrior lords who owed their allegiance strictly to him. He dispensed land and wealth in ways that bonded warriors ever closer to him.
He retired to his city-state of Valshika for relaxation, taking those senior warriors, who were not enforcing his rule, with him. He began to enjoy the pleasures of his earlier successes. He also needed to consolidate before he moved out again. He often stood and looked north, his mind drifting beyond Dakhilah to the Samar states. He licked his lips with anticipation.
To reduce the potential of his subjugated peoples to ever re-establish viable states at any time in the future, Lodestok early on ordered all male slaves be sterilised. The sorcerer showed the warlord, by way of demonstration with a slave, a way to cut that left the male slave entire, but permanently sterile. It was simple and easy for a slave overseer to do. It was cruel. It was also a practical and efficient method of control. Slaves were also branded as soon as they were captured. Girls and young women, not instantly slaughtered, were passed on to the men for their pleasure, whilst half-breeds, born of enslaved women, were despatched. Lodestok felt satisfied that he had most of the south under an iron and effective rule. He was contented at this moment and had his boy to both entertain and divert him.
Lodestok hadn't forgotten his defeat at the hands of the Sinhalien. He merely put them to one side. Such was his confidence that he assumed their time would come when it suited him and he ignored the fierce and remote peoples east of the Kerzaz mountains completely.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

At Valshika, Lodestok was flanked by his warriors and sat at the high table with members of his council. He was holding an annual celebration in honour of a group of young men, newly made warriors. They came to this at seventeen cycles. The great hall where he sat was huge, with a magnificently beamed ceiling and panelled walls inlaid with mosaics set in gold. Long marble tables and benches were cluttered with both new and experienced warriors who sat in strict order of rank. There seemed to be amity at the tables. No one vied for superiority. There was no petty spite evident as would be usual and expected in such a large gathering of aggressive and ambitious men. Conversation at the warlord's table was affable and there was a very relaxed atmosphere throughout the enormous hall, the tables heavily laden with rich fare. Lodestok's men lived well.
All the warrior lords, who were called haskars, were clad in black. It had become their trademark, spelling fear and dread for most, because these were the most powerful men in Churchik society. Their tabards were embossed with a red dragon breathing fire, Blach's symbol, and was a delightful folly for the warlord to have his elite warriors wear it. Lodestok shrugged when Blach laughed at such a conceit. The haskars wore, or carried, long black sweeping cloaks lined with red silk, their boots as black as their breeches and shirts.
Most of the senior elite warrior lords were Churchik. Only one other, like Lodestok, was Vaksh, and his name was Correc. All were southern blond, huge men with long thick thatches of hair worn in a queue. All were bearded and wore long heavy filigree earrings, some with as many as four or five ornaments in each ear. Without exception, they had cold, pale blue eyes: Lodestok's were the palest of all.
These men represented power and strength. Slaves who saw them coming shrank back, aware that the warrior lords wielded the power of life or death; they could make life a bearable existence or hopeless misery. These men took what they wanted, whenever they wanted it.
~~~
Lodestok smiled sardonically as he listened to a haskar next to him and drank steadily from a goblet constantly refilled by a slave who hovered in a crouch nearby - a click of the warlord's fingers had him instantly on his feet. Everyone in the hall could sense the enormous power and charisma of the man, nor could they ignore the feeling of barely repressed violence always hovering near the surface. His anger was unpredictable and explosive, keeping all warriors in a constant state of tension. His eyes were challenging. His very powerful physique, topping every other warrior there, was intimidating. No one questioned this man as the chief of the warrior lords.
~~~
Up until this time, Lodestok had occasionally offered quarter to the defeated, if they paid tribute and ceded sovereignty. He enslaved others, as southern warriors had always done, and like them he could be very cruel. Slavery had been in the south for a long time. He could be vicious and was known to have a ferocious and capricious temper. Rarely, he could even be reasoned with and would even accept and consider other points of view, though reluctantly, and it was a brave man who challenged him. He enjoyed scholarly pursuits. He was a keen sportsman with considerable prowess. He never destroyed knowledge from vanquished cities.
Now he was changed. This was gradual, but it was noticed it came from continued contact with the sorcerer. He became rapaciously savage and set out to subjugate in the cruellest way, showing no mercy whatsoever: people either serviced his building army or they were slaughtered. His tempers became vile and unpredictably terrifying. His violent disposition, passions and appetites were more apparent in his dealings with others, including those closest to him. The one who felt the change most, and suffered from it, was his boy.
~~~
At one of the benches, the young Sarssen kept his head down and his eyes on his plate. He was barely able to sit because he’d been forced to endure Lodestok in one of his more ferociously playful moods. This tall, blond youth had suffered a wretched day. He felt sick and dizzy. He didn't especially want to eat, but neither did he wish to draw attention to himself by not doing so. His survival was a fragile thing and he knew it.
He was now sixteen cycles, nearly seventeen. He was trained to the point where, in another season, he was due to compete to prove his worth as a young dedicated warrior. With his development from boy to young man, he knew his appeal to Lodestok would wane with maturity, but, though this youth had no illusions he desperately hoped he'd made himself useful enough to the warlord to be allowed to live. Over the eight and a half cycles as the warlord's boy, Sarssen had seen boys, less fortunate than himself and who supplemented the warlord’s now insatiable appetite, on rare occasions crucified or staked. That wasn’t the worst he'd been compelled to silently witness either.
Death in this way was one of Sarssen's worst recurring nightmares. He’d wake next to the warlord. He’d be wet with sweat and tears dripped down his cheeks. He’d hastily bury his head in the cushions until his breathing evened, praying the warlord wouldn't wake to see or hear him.
Sarssen was finer-boned than most and already as tall as his master. He had a thick shock of silvery blond hair that Lodestok insisted he grow; as it was long when he came to the warlord, it now waved down his back. Sarssen hated it. He was still gangly in a charmingly awkward way. His eyes were an unusual green; not hazel and not flecked, they were like flawless gems. Lodestok often held the youth's very attractive face in his hands and stared deeply into the green depths, a frightening thing for Sarssen that Lodestok read minds efficiently these days. That, the youth knew, came as a gift from Blach.
~~~
Sarssen let his mind drift back. He knew that as long as the warriors sat at benches, he was safe. He had no status. He cupped his hands round a tankard and sat still, staring into the liquid. It was all so clear. He seemed to look through mirror-smooth water at images, so transparent, they seemed real enough to touch. His mind went back in time.
He saw, again, the huge blond Churchik man stride across a meadow, arrogance in his every step, and he saw the small slender woman with a mane of chestnut hair try to pull herself free from the grip of the man. She was half-running, half-dragged along. The warrior broke into deep-throated laughter, before he dropped to the ground and pulled the woman down under him. His heart beating fast, a small boy watched the reluctant, forced giving and the brutal taking, a thin hand to his mouth to suppress any scream.
The image blurred. When it cleared, Sarssen could see the warrior retreating, while the boy crept close to look at the woman. She lay unmoving. The blond boy crept closer still, his stick-like figure trembling with shock and fright.
"Mater," he whispered, "Mater!" And again he called, this time more urgently. "Mater, it's me Sarssen! Wake up, Mater!"
Fumbling, the boy pulled a waterskin from the belt at his waist, took out the stone stopper and held the skin to the woman's mouth. Slowly, her eyes opened, but they looked milky and dazed. Even more urgently, the boy pushed the skin nearer her lips.
"Mater, drink - they move us on soon. You'll die if you don't drink." The woman weakly pushed the waterskin away. She grasped the boy's wrist, her voice laboured.
"Listen to me, child, listen. Do as I tell you." There was a long pause while the woman lay quiet. "I'll no longer be with you, son." As the boy went to protest, she put a gentle hand on his mouth. "Look at me and you'll understand. Time ebbs fast." She gave a sigh. "I’ve taught you many skills to help you when you’re alone." The boy just knelt there numbly, the waterskin dangling from his fingers.
"What must I do for you, Mater?" he asked, pleadingly. "Tell me." A hand caressed his head and then his cheek.
"There's something you must know, though the gods forgive me for telling you this. That warrior, my son, is your father." The boy gritted his teeth and felt tears blind him. He shook his head in disbelief. The woman took one of the trembling hands. "I know that comes as a shock, Sarssen, but it's so. Do you understand that he doesn't know who you are, nor must he ever know?" The boy wept silently, his bent head touching his mother's hand. "I'm Yazd, son, as are you. Like me, you're talented, whatever you wish to call the gift." She gently caressed his face with her free hand and bade him look at her.
Trying roughly to stem the tears, Sarssen nodded, whispering, "I know what they do to half-breeds like me, Mater."
"Yes, young as you are, you've seen more than enough. No one must know you're Yazd with the gift. Remember to hide it always, as we all taught you. Promise me this, my beloved son."
"I promise, Mater," came the faint whisper. The woman gave the wisp of a sigh. Her voice faded.
"You must survive, my son. I believe it's your destiny you do." She quivered. "You’re so very dear to me, Sarssen," she whispered.
Her son sat helplessly watching, his hands clasped firmly in hers. He saw the haemorrhaging. In terror and despair, a small boy lifted his mother's head into his lap and held her there in a last gesture of love.
~~~
The image shifted again. This time, the small, blond boy was in a camp with hundreds of tents and people, crouched in front of a fire, a bowl in thin hands and an empty expression in wide-opened fine, green eyes. It was dusk. The boy couldn’t bear to look back to the flower-dotted meadow behind them, where carrion birds now wheeled and dived. It made the boy feel deeply nauseous. He vaguely heard murmuring voices all around him, but nothing seemed to make much sense. A rough hand on his shoulder brought him abruptly to the immediate present.
"Drink your soup, boy. You're too skinny not to eat."
It wasn't an unkind voice. Mumbling apologetically, Sarssen obeyed. Draining the bowl made him gag, but, by swallowing hard, he refused to vomit. As soon as he finished, he clambered stiffly to his feet and was about to move when a huge shadow fell across the campfire. Looking up, the boy saw his father.
"You are the boy who found the dead slave woman, Elbah, are you not?" The warrior's voice was very deep and cold. Sarssen nodded and got a swift, hard kick. "You answer `my lord', you young cur," he was told curtly. The boy bowed his head.
"Yes, my lord."
"You do not look like a Yazd to me; are you one?"
"No, my lord, I'm not."
"Why are you part of a caravan? If you’re not Yazd, what are you then?"
"A Churchik, my lord, one whose father fought the Yazd but died back-aways of the fever." A puzzled look crossed the warrior's face. He stepped closer to study the boy, gave a deep laugh, pulled the boy to him and looked him over in an offhand way.
"And your mother, boy? Clearly not the dead slave woman you found."
Thinking quickly, Sarssen said glibly, "No, my lord. My mother was one of your kind, but she died birthing me."
"An orphan," mused the warrior, before adding, "So you came on campaign with your father. That makes sense." The warrior turned the boy's head to the firelight. "Who takes care of you?" Sarssen lowered his head once it was released.
"Anyone, my lord."
"Quite a pretty boy really," commented the warrior idly. "Skinny, but pretty. I could do reasonably well with you in Chika since you are orphan. A Churchik boy, being so unexpected, could make the scales weigh heavily and thus gain a fair price indeed." Again came the deep rumble of mirth. "You could possibly fetch an even better price in the boy market. How old are you?" The boy gave a shiver that shook him from head to toe. He curled his bare feet in the dirt.
"Not yet eight cycles, my lord." The warrior grinned widely.
"Just the right age for the boy harems," he chuckled. "Excellent, excellent. Maybe you would be of interest -." The warrior broke off.
He rubbed his hands in anticipation and took the boy's wrist in a firm grip that reminded the boy of how his mother was held. He flinched. The warrior hollered. Unexpectedly, a second warrior loomed up behind Sarssen, so suddenly the boy jumped with fright.
"You called, Alleghy; what is it?" Alleghy indicated the boy he held. He gave Sarssen a good shake and a sharp cuff.
"This boy is part of your caravan, Borwic. Not a slave?"
"No, this one is no Yazd from the look of him. I do not know where he is from. In fact, my friend, I have not set eyes on him before." Borwic spat at the boy's feet. Sarssen stayed still, not daring to look up as his future was so casually discussed. His heart raced uncomfortably.
"Do you fancy him?" asked Alleghy lightly. Borwic's laugh was a deep rumble.
"No," was the response. "They need more meat on them to give me an appetite. Pretty little face though, and decidedly wistfully appealing, do you not think?" Borwic stroked the boy's face appraisingly. Alleghy gave Sarssen a tug that brought the boy stumbling against him, off-balance. A strong hand clamped him to the warrior's side. "Not usually your style either, Alleghy," Borwic teased.
The boy didn't see the amused look in Alleghy's eyes as the warrior replied indifferently, "Not boys, Borwic, no. This one, though, could interest someone I shall see shortly. He could be an exceptional investment for me."
"Then he is yours," chuckled Borwic. "Take him away. We move out at dawn."
At this point, Borwic lost interest and drifted off beyond the fire. Sarssen was left confronting his father.
~~~
The scene shifted once more. The huge hall was the same as where Sarssen now sat, but the time setting was different. There were, at this time, fewer warriors ensconced in the hall. There was also a noticeable change in the composition of the warrior lords who either flanked the warlord or occupied the senior tables. As always, the carefully selected elite haskars of the High Council sat at the enormous table at the head of all the others, Lodestok the first warlord to have such a structured hierarchy at the top. There was much laughter and a great deal of drinking, while solid tables groaned under large platters of food and huge casks of precious lowland wine.
There was a lull in the noise. A warrior from the command table rose, clicked his fingers imperatively at a slave who served them, and indolently watched the slave immediately turn. Within minutes the man reappeared. He towed a thin boy who'd been left standing for hours at the far end of the hall. His blond head bent, the boy was led ungently down between the tables to the warrior who waited and tapped his booted foot impatiently. The slave bowed and left the warrior to pull the boy in next to him. Refusing to look up at his father, Sarssen swallowed. Alleghy turned the boy to face Lodestok.
"A gift for you, my lord," he smiled.
The warlord had been watching with grim amusement: now his eyes lit with a peculiar and predatory light that made the boy, when he glanced up, shiver. He stood his ground.
"Where is he from?" Lodestok asked. He idly surveyed Sarssen, one hand thrust in his breeches pocket while the other ran across his beard.
"When Borwic brought in the Yazd caravan, I found this boy, my lord." Lodestok's eyebrows shot up.
"A slave boy then?"
"No, my lord," smiled Alleghy. "I would not offer you something as dirty or common as a Yazd slave boy. From what I can gather he is a Churchik orphan, entirely dependent for his future on what a warrior may decide to do with him."
"Is he?" There was an interrogative note to the warlord's voice. He looked casually across to the boy. "Are you, boy?"
"Yes, my lord."
"How old are you?"
"Nearly eight cycles, my lord."
"Do you know who I am?" The boy looked directly up at the warlord before responding.
"Yes, my lord." Still stroking his whiskers, Lodestok stared contemplatively at the young face.
"And he is a gift you say, Alleghy?"
The warrior sat, indicating with a sharp shove that the boy was to approach the warlord. As Sarssen neared Lodestok, Alleghy grinned and nodded.
"Yes, my lord, he is."
"Thoughtful of you," murmured Lodestok, continuing to stare at the boy. "Come over here," he said softly. Obediently, his heart in his mouth, Sarssen moved round the table until he was next to the huge warlord. He bent his head. The soft, cold voice spoke again. "Lift your head." There was a long pause while the warlord scanned the young face. "Quite a pretty boy, are you not? Do you wish to serve me?"
"I wish to become one of your warriors, my lord."
This was productive of an explosion of mirth. Only Lodestok didn't laugh. He took the boy's chin in his hand, tilted it sharply and said in a chilling tone, "You have a long way to go, and much to offer, before you think to survive to become anything, little boy." He watched the boy lick his lips and saw very real fear in the unusual and very beautiful green eyes.
"Yes, my lord," came the light reply.
Lodestok let the young chin fall and looked amiably across to Alleghy. He lifted his tankard in a salute.
"I thank you. He will entertain me awhile. I have become bored of late." The warlord placed a strong hand on Sarssen's shoulder, pressuring the boy to the floor where Sarssen crouched. A cold voice above him made him shiver again. "You will remain there. Later we shall see what you have to offer. If you please me, despite your being Churchik you will be branded as slave. It will be your life that might otherwise be forfeit. Orphans have no status in our society, none at all."
Sarssen never looked at his father.
~~~
Sarssen's memory flicked forward to a boy in a voluptuous chamber where the child smoothed the furs on an enormous bed that took up much of one-half of this palatial room. It was the same boy from the camp fireside, but this boy was heavily ornamented, from the long blond hair swept back from his forehead and held with jewelled hair clasps, to multiple earrings, bracelets and rings. He wore gold ankle chains that only permitted him to take small steps; they went with the ornate torc of slavery he now wore round his neck. Though it wasn’t visible, he also carried the warlord’s slave mark on a recently branded tongue. The boy moved fluidly and gracefully but was obviously ill at ease and apprehensive; his green eyes looked deeply troubled.
He turned at the sound of the opening door and went immediately to his knees, his head touching the floor.
"My lord," he murmured. "I am here to please you."
The boy looked up when the warrior closed the door and crossed to his side, Sarssen instantly aware of a sense of terrifying passion and power. His eyes locked with the cold eyes of his new master.
Lodestok turned from him with indifference, commenting acidly, "See that you do, boy, or your life is not worth a frigil." The warlord flung himself on the bed, then gave the boy a wolfish grin. "Come then, little boy," he invited softly. "Come and please me."
The scene changed rapidly. It showed the boy, quite alone, kneeling in the same chamber, his head in his hands as he rocked to and fro. Had anyone gone close to him, they would have heard his whimpers.
~~~~
Suddenly, Sarssen saw himself at ten cycles. Lodestok held the boy between his knees, the young chin tilted, so the warlord could stare deeply into eyes that always mesmerised him, they were such an oddly rare green. This day, it was at the moment of eye contact that Lodestok sensed something, so profound and powerful deep inside, he responded in spite of himself. His face gentled and his smile was one of warmth. He was momentarily transformed. So was the boy.
Lodestok saw for the first time, a radiant smile come to the very attractive young face that lit the innermost being of this child. It lasted only a few seconds, but it was long enough for the warlord to pull the boy close, held against him protectively for long moments. The release, when it came, was sudden and rough, as Lodestok shoved the boy backwards and got to his feet. Sarssen was subserviently back on his mat.
"It is time you served me, boy," the warlord ordered curtly. "Go and get food."
Sarssen slunk from the pavilion. He returned, a laden tray balanced on one hand and three heavy wineskins dangling from the other. In brooding silence, Lodestok watched him lay out the table and set out the food and a napkin, before Sarssen turned and bowed. Lodestok strode across and sat.
Just as the boy placed the chased goblet on the table and prepared to lift a wineskin, Lodestok swung round in his chair and swung the boy to face him, his grasp on the child’s wrist like a vice. Lodestok jerked the blond head so Sarssen had to look directly up at him. The boy was swamped with anxiety. He swallowed nervously, his body immediately went limp, and his eyes veered away from the penetrating stare. He barely heard the soft voice.
"This gift is for you, child."
Sarssen felt the grip go from his wrist, his hand was lifted and he knew something was pushed onto his finger. He took a deep wavering breath as he was released.
"My lord," he whispered, down on his knees, the warlord’s hands clasped in his thin ones. "You honour me."
"Never take this gesture for granted," came the cold, impassive voice above him. "I wonder why I even care for you at all."
"My lord."
"As you serve me, I shall tell you what you will do in the coming seasons. I have thought long about you."
Aware his life was spared, yet again, Sarssen struggled with chaotic thoughts and emotions that surged through him. Relief was almost too much. It took every ounce of fortitude he possessed to stop trembling. He felt deeply sick. As Sarssen served his master, the warlord eyed him in silence and in a way that jarred already jangled nerves. He sat on his mat. His stomach snarled with hunger. Finally, the warlord filled a plate, gestured to Sarssen that he was to fetch it, and watched as, timidly, the boy took the plate and obediently sank back onto the mat with it.
"You are to study, boy, every day, in a concentrated manner to make up for lost time," came the icy voice. "We have scholars among us, also thinkers and philosophers, even a few seers, though sadly not many. They will all teach you. You will also study with the bards. Traditional sagas teach truths and encourage enlightenment. You already learn basic warrior skills, but I want you to learn to think, Sarssen. I wish there to be a mind around me that can offer challenge, distraction, and has learned in the way of a most ancient and venerable tradition, now mostly lost. You will develop an intellect that can reason, boy, because I believe you have a mind capable of these things. You idle about when you are not serving me, do you not?" Sarssen looked up helplessly.
"My lord," was all he could say.
"I do not want to see a mind such as yours wasted. It will not happen. You will tell me, each evening, what you have learned, and should you forget, you will feel my hand in full measure. Finish your food. When you have cleared away, you will show me how much you appreciate your gift, will you not?"
Sarssen no longer felt hungry, the blond head sank and he simply went through the mechanics of eating. He dared a look at the ring and almost gasped out loud it was such a dazzlingly beautiful thing, the rich red stone catching the light when his finger moved. Confused, he realised, yet again, he would never understand his master, but he remembered the words that went with the ring. In any quiet moment they sometimes haunted him. He wondered why Lodestok wished him to be taught in such a way where others were not, not even Churchik boys. His life became so busy he staggered with exhaustion from one day to another.
~~~
Sarssen's musings were interrupted by those at the high table rising. He put his tankard on the table and rose instinctively as the warlord and his command haskars swept down the hall between the benches. As a very insignificant youngster in order of status, Sarssen was at the bottom of the last table. Like all around him, Sarssen stood to rigid and silent attention. When Lodestok came abreast of him, the warlord barely paused, saying quietly with almost a chuckle.
"Be ready for me."
As Lodestok swept from view, Sarssen grasped his tankard with both hands and drank deeply. While other warriors relaxed back laughing, Sarssen wished he was alone, even more so because the men began to rag him. It was mostly good-natured, but Sarssen didn’t feel responsive.
Men loving men had been common in the south for as long as anybody remembered. Nobody thought twice about Lodestok's preferences. What did cause comment was the sadistic and brutal nature of the warlord's play. Many of the young warriors there admired Sarssen as a survivor. He had outlasted all others. Not one of the warriors wanted to take his place, and since they knew what the boy faced, they gave him much more to drink. It was, thus, a most unsteady youth who staggered from the hall and along the corridors, holding onto the wall sconces for support. He traversed a series of hallways and staircases before he finally stopped, weaving gently, in front of a door. He gave a hiccup as he carefully lifted the latch. He walked into the chamber.
Lodestok's room was somewhat disordered. Sarssen bent gingerly, his head swimming and a curse on his lips, as he lifted clothes from the floor and tiredly flung them into a chair. He looked bleakly at the bed, walked carefully over to it and tried to tidy the rumpled furs. A cold voice behind him made him straighten and stop what he was doing.
"Why bother, boy? I shall use it shortly, no?"
Sarssen looked around with a wavering smile, to see Lodestok begin to disrobe. He said nothing. He just stood there, swaying a little. Lodestok unbuttoned his shirt.
"You have been drinking heavily, boy. Why is that?" Sarssen stared across at the unsmiling countenance that critically observed him.
"I do not know, my lord," he mumbled apologetically. The icy eyes continued to watch him dispassionately, before the warlord tore off his shirt and threw it on the floor.
"It may be as well. Fetch goblets and the wine from that far table, then come and sit with me."
Clad only in breeches and boots, the warlord flung himself negligently on the bed. Sarssen complied. After Lodestok had hauled himself up comfortably on the cushions, Sarssen handed him the wine and the goblets. Lodestok poured out the wine, handed one goblet to Sarssen and patted the bed as he did so. Sarssen obediently sat. He felt a huge hand deftly and quickly unplait his hair and fingers run through it as it tumbled free.
"You are growing into a man, are you not?" Lodestok asked very gently. Sarssen waited. The breath caught in his throat. His eyes watered. His voice quavered.
"I cannot help that, my lord." Lodestok burst out laughing.
"No, neither you can, boy," he agreed. Then his voice became silky and threatening. "So, we have a problem with you, do we not?" Sarssen couldn't have spoken, even had he wished to. "I dispose of what is of no further use to me, boy, as you well know. You have seen it often enough, have you not?"
"Yes, my lord," came from very dry lips.
"But strangely," Lodestok murmured, his fingers still tangling in the thick blond hair, "I care for you, boy. What to do with you is the question. You have entertained me for a long time, have you not?"
"Nearly nine cycles, my lord." Sarssen knew he trembled, but he was unable to stop. He looked gravely down at the huge red stone he wore on one finger, a priceless gift from the warlord cycles before.
"Is it indeed? Then it is more than time the boy became a man, is it not?"
"My lord?"
Anxiously, the youth slipped from the bed to the floor. Lodestok sat abruptly, his feet to the floor close to the kneeling boy and at the same time he put his goblet on the table near the bed. He lifted Sarssen's head with a very strong finger under the chin, while with his free hand he took Sarssen's goblet and put it next to his. Sarssen realised he was being spared again.
"You wish to become one of my warriors, do you not?" The voice may still have been silkily quiet, but the warlord's threatening pale, blue eyes challenged the boy's green ones. Sarssen made no immediate reply. He couldn’t. His hands clung to Lodestok's boots while he struggled to stop shaking. "Boy?"
The question hung menacing in the air. Sarssen looked up. His eyes filled with tears of relief.
"If it pleases you, yes, my lord."
"You will not enjoy the warrior marking," Lodestok remarked coldly, letting the chin he held fall. He pondered for a moment. "We must think of some other way to identify and honour my warriors, must we not; what do you think, boy?" The warlord patted the bed again and Sarssen sat. He made no response to the warlord's rhetorical question. It was as well, because Lodestok didn’t wait for an answer, he just turned sideways to look at the pale, fine-boned face beside him. He sighed. "You will be so drunk, boy, you will barely notice what is done to you," he observed coolly. Sarssen didn't move.
"Yes, my lord." The ominously gentle and persuasive voice continued.
"And, Sarssen boy -." Sarssen stared up at the warlord nervously. "I will still wish to have you in attendance, though you understand you will no longer spend every evening in my company."
"Yes, my lord."
"You will always be ready for me, should I wish for you, will you not?" Sarssen nodded immediate understanding. Lodestok smiled broadly. A hand caressed the youth's cheek. "That is excellent, boy. You will find, once we move out as an army, that a small pavilion will be set up for you, next to mine. Until then you will share quarters with other warriors where you will learn your place. You will be placed under Bensar for your training. You will do no further study. Your days will be too taken up with training for your initiation into full warriorhood. After that, study will resume. Now then, boy, you have not drunk your wine." The warlord picked up Sarssen's goblet from the table and placed it in the thin, outstretched hands. "Drink as much as you can. Correc is waiting. He enjoys marking the young." When Sarssen took only a sip, Lodestok, who was watching him, became impatient, leaned over him and grabbed the goblet. "Not that way, boy," he muttered.
With one hand, Lodestok grasped Sarssen's hair. He wrenched the youth's head sharply back, while with his other hand he held the goblet to Sarssen's lips, forcing the mouth wide. Ruthlessly, the warlord tipped the goblet contents down the boy's throat.
Sarssen choked and gobbled for air. Lodestok flung the goblet on the floor, picked up the wine skin and unstoppered it with his teeth. He poured that wine down the boy's throat as well, even though Sarssen tried ineffectually to slow him down by raising a hand. Lodestok shook the youth as if he were a doll. He forced Sarssen to swallow time and again, so much so Sarssen took in as much air as he drank wine. Lodestok stared down at the youth who now hung limply in his loose grasp.
"You will thank me for this later, boy. My benevolence never fails to surprise me."
Lodestok pushed Sarssen down onto the cushions, Sarssen barely aware of the face so close to his. He simply felt as if the chamber spun out of control. With a faint whimper, he closed his eyes.
The warlord got to his feet. He peremptorily called.
"Correc!"
Correc was a hawk-faced warrior with no trace of compassion in his eyes. He strode into the chamber flanked by two beduars who, like Correc, bent their heads in deference to Lodestok. Correc held a knife casually in one hand.
"My lord," he said courteously, glancing briefly across at the warlord.
"Haskar," replied Lodestok, with a curt nod in Sarssen's direction.
The warlord stalked over to the window, jerked back the curtains and stared out. He did nothing. He heard one stifled moan. He only responded when he was alone again with Sarssen. Then he crossed the chamber to look down at the youth spread-eagled on the bed. Sarssen had a vicious jagged cut running from his left eye, across his cheek, and down to his ear. Blood welled strongly and dripped steadily on to the cushions. The warlord looked hard and long at the young face before he straightened, his expression unreadable, then he strode from the chamber with a shrug, closing the door behind him.
~~~
It was some hours after Lodestok left Sarssen that Blach's persuasive voice entered the warlord's mind. Lodestok had gone for a long walk in the colonnaded gardens, his brain busy mulling over possible conquests in the future. At the moment Blach made contact the warlord was standing looking meditatively at a statue.
He stood very still, waiting quietly.
"My friend," came a whisper in his mind. "It is time. Bring yourself to the Keep; you know the way. Call me and I'll allow you entrance in the usual way."
Lodestok responded suitably. The voice faded at the same time. It left the warlord frowning thoughtfully. Lodestok knew a moment of intense irritation. Blach was aware the warlord only liked going to the Keep for the knowledge he was allowed to see, which drew him, and Lodestok was equally well aware that it was used as a form of control. He was no fool and understood Blach more than the sorcerer realised. Currently, the relationship was mutually satisfactory. Lodestok shrugged and turned indoors, strode up the stairs to his chamber and flung the door wide.
He walked over to the bed where Sarssen lay. He stood looking down at him. As it was midsummer it wasn't especially dark even at this late hour, so he could clearly see Sarssen sprawled on his back, his arms still outflung as he'd tried to fight the warriors who held him down. He breathed the deep sleep of someone very drunk. His mouth was open and his lips bled sluggishly where they'd been bitten to suppress cries of pain. Lodestok heard a sigh. A grim little smile touched his mouth. He reached down and dabbed at the drying blood on the young face, before he wrenched the boy up in one jerk. He gave him a thorough shaking.
The green eyes opened with a dazed look, to be superseded by a look of startled pain as Sarssen reached up to his cheek, then quickly took his hand away. It went next to his lips. The youth stared up at the warlord blankly.
"Wake up," said Lodestok, impatiently. "I know you are drunk, but listen to me."
Sarssen blinked tears of pain away. His tongue felt swollen where he'd bitten hard down and the cut to his face stung viciously. Trying vainly to speak, he sat. This made Lodestok laugh and flick at the disordered blond hair that fell all about Sarssen's shoulders and chest.
"Becoming a warrior and a man causes you pain, does it, boy?" The blond head was shaken as Sarssen slid from the bed, and, managing to control his quivering knees, stood still and erect. Lodestok's smile broadened. "Can you speak at all?" he enquired. He got a hoarse croak in answer.
The warlord lounged over to a chair by the window and casually scanned the slender figure. Sarssen barely trembled through a sheer effort of will; his face was white, the green eyes very dark and big in such a pale face.
"You will recover," observed Lodestok callously. Sarssen nodded. "Since you have trouble speaking, you will listen to me instead. I am leaving for the Keep shortly."
Sarssen tried not to respond to that by letting his head fall, but not before the warlord saw the flicker of fear that crossed the boy's face. Lodestok continued, still watching Sarssen intently.
"It means you remain here until I return." There was a long pause. Lodestok stared owlishly at Sarssen who met the cold, searching stare. Lodestok went on, "You will obey Haskar Bensar and Haskar Kher as you would myself. Is that quite clear?" Sarssen nodded comprehension. "Explicit obedience, boy, or you will suffer in an unpleasant way. You know exactly what I mean, do you not?" Sarssen tried to lick his lips. The warlord's voice dropped to the familiar and threatening purr. As Sarssen knew precisely what Lodestok's threat implied, he nodded again. "Haskar Bensar will have orders to tend your face mark, likewise your tongue. Hopefully the latter will be of use by the time I return. Tidy this chamber. If it looks as it does now on my return, you can expect to be soundly whipped, can you not?"
The warlord was gone on the words. It left Sarssen to sink on to the bed, his self-control gone. His limbs trembled. His head reeled and throbbed in an endless ache and his eyes watered. In spite of his best efforts not to, he cried.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

For the cycles they'd been in contact, Lodestok and Blach had developed a mutually beneficial relationship with which both felt comfortable. Though, when the warlord thought seriously about it, he was aware there had been a subtle alteration in the last cycle or so. Blach had encouraged conquest in the early days. He was conscious that establishing a southern empire and a Vaksh/Churchik social structure throughout Ambros was Lodestok's ambition and he fostered it.
Now, Blach mostly made demands. The warlord acquiesced, aware of the amusement this afforded Blach. The latter was the one who'd made the first overtures and it was he who'd guided Lodestok's steps to overlordship of his people. As time went on, when Blach called, the warlord was responsive. At the moment, the arrangement suited them both.
Lodestok never felt he fully knew Blach. He couldn't explain the sensation he had that the man who spoke with him was someone else. Blach was well aware of this. He carefully cultivated this unease as a way of manipulating the warlord when the latter came on his frequent visits to the Keep. He never set Lodestok's mind at rest.
The warlord was quite happy to fulfil Blach's ambitions as long as they coincided with his. In return for a plentiful supply of slaves, especially mutes in whom Blach had a specific interest, Blach showed Lodestok how to read minds, but of more interest to the warlord was the rare things he was shown at the Keep that he knew no one else had seen. These made him think very hard.
Lodestok's efforts at subjugating the south met with Blach's encouragement and approval, the sorcerer both amused and pleased when he saw Lodestok was the undisputed warlord to whom all now deferred.
With his supply of a few mutes, and slaves deliberately made that way, Blach locked himself away in a fortress called Lachir Keep. Because Blach's guards were ferocious and fanatically devoted, it was rare for anyone to visit. None of the warriors showed any inclination to go there; that was probably as well, because it was doubtful if any of them would have known how to do so. It was known that the Keep was on the fringes of the Orkno desert, but even though many knew the desert extremely well, no one had ever set eyes on the Keep. That made warrior lords uneasy too and ever increasingly responsive to one who, like the warlord, both knew of the Keep and was known to go there.
It was with reluctance that the warrior lords accepted Lodestok's friendship with the sorcerer, but in the end they had no option but to do so. Lodestok used the powers Blach gave him to devastating effect, crushing any opposition, and any warrior lord Lodestok didn't like was ruthlessly disposed of, whether he was any threat to the warlord or no.
All the warrior lords who were left from Lodestok's purge accepted him without reservation as overlord and paid him homage. Lodestok was not a benevolent conqueror. He treated those around him with callous contempt and indifference. His cruelty was now legendary. He was a figure to be respected and very deeply feared. With the warrior lords compliant and most of the south subjugated, he had no adversary.
~~~
The sorcerer bothered less with heat controls at the Keep as the cycles passed so Lodestok felt it, conscious that Blach looked comfortable while he wasn't. Blach lounged back at his ease, nibbling from a bowl of ilbits that rested at his elbow.
He had once been a fine-looking man, very tall at almost seven feet in height and was well framed in cycles gone by. Now his thinness was accentuated by the shaven head. His face was ravaged. He had barely existent thin lips, a patrician nose and eyes that resembled restless and pitiless pits. Over the cycles Lodestok had known Blach, the latter had not aged in any way. Lodestok was reminded of that fact as he sat opposite him now, watching and waiting.
All around them was an eerie silence that Lodestok found oppressive. He was well aware that any slaves at the Keep, if they were not already mute, lost their tongues immediately on arrival and he gave an uncharacteristic shiver before settling back as comfortably as he could. Glancing coolly at Blach, Lodestok wondered if the man had any essence left at all.
"You don't eat, my friend," commented Blach, looking directly back at him. The warlord smiled and stretched, flexing a foot.
"I am well satisfied, I thank you, Blach." Blach lifted a goblet and raised it in a salute. Lodestok responded suitably.
"Then we move on to why I asked you to come," said Blach softly, taking a second sip. "I wish to entrust a seeking to you and more conquest, my friend. Beyond Mahdia and Dakhilah are northern lands as yet unknown to you." He saw Lodestok's flicker of interest. "Ah, yes, my friend," Blach whispered with perfect comprehension. "In the southern area of these lands, are a group of city states called the Samar Confederation. These city-states are merchant cities of wealth. One also is a centre of learning for central Ambros, and it has significance." Blach smacked his lips and then continued. "You, my friend, I would ask to move your army up through the Dakhilan mountain passes that lead directly into Samar. After Samar you'll undoubtedly wish to move further north - but I hurry too fast. One thing at a time." He took several sips from his goblet while Lodestok sat pensively, eying his goblet but not drinking from it. "You, Warlord," remarked Blach, "have something special to put into motion before you begin a massed move forward."
"And what is it?" Lodestok drank deeply as he waited.
"You, my friend, are going to arrange a meeting and then a marriage." As the warlord's eyebrows shot up in surprise, Blach's smile twisted the thin lips. It widened as he continued. "You'll find a southern man, not a Churchik; I wouldn't so insult you, Warlord. Choose a Mahdian or whatever mongrel you fancy. This man will become amenable." Here Blach paused, giving Lodestok a look of understanding when the warlord nodded affably. "This man will have a son, aged about ten cycles. Specific instructions will be implanted in the man's mind and in his son's by two reader-seekers loyal to me. They'll come to you, prior to your journey northwards. I would ask you to trust them to do as I've outlined and give them freedom of action at all times."
Lodestok nodded again before drinking. A mute at his elbow stooped to refill the goblet as soon as he drained it. He was deeply thoughtful at the sorcerer's words concerning readers and seekers: he assumed they wouldn't be lower level practitioners and the warlord intended to keep that in mind.
"That should not prove too difficult, Blach," he responded coolly, stretching both legs out in front of him, crossed at the ankles. He also stretched his neck and shoulders. Blach's look never left him.
"Too much playing with the boys?" he enquired. Lodestok looked up at that, laughing.
"Never too much of that," he replied, shaking his head and his eyes alight with appreciation.
"So I hear," said Blach politely. "This other boy you find, my friend, don't, I beg of you, destroy him after all your efforts to find him." He paused, staring at the floor before he continued, his lips in a tight thin line. Lodestok didn't speak. He looked contemplatively at the sorcerer, a hand crossing his lush moustache absently as he did so. Blach glanced up and his expression was merciless. "The man you find will be sent to a Samar city-state called Ortok, to an occasion they quaintly call Choice. Prior to that, my friend, he will have met and become attracted to a particular woman." The sorcerer's voice hardened. Lodestok remained immobile and calm.
"Is she unmarried?" he asked, directing a searching look at Blach.
"She is now," was the soft, chilling response. "Her name is Melas: that's all you need to know. The man will mate with her and both he and his son will live in her home, as part of her family. Are you clear so far?" Lodestok ran a finger down his scarred cheek.
"Quite."
"The group is now a family. You perceive, my friend, that I'm coming to a point." Blach gave a thin smile as he glanced down into his goblet. Lodestok inclined his head gracefully. "The boy we've included with this family, is to relate to a girl-child whose name isn't currently known. She's now five cycles and is an only daughter. The boy will -." Blach paused, idly plucking another fruit from his bowl and nibbling on it.
"Befriend her?" suggested Lodestok, sipping reflectively.
"Excellent, my friend. As you say, befriend her, so that she does his bidding, one way or the other. Is that understood also?"
"Yes," murmured Lodestok, thinking through what would be required in the way of organisation and preparation. "This sounds very promising, Blach," he commented. "May I know why these actions are to be taken?" Blach raised a thin hand.
"No," he said, his eyelashes closing briefly. "Prior to your attacking Ortok, the girl will be brought to you by this boy." Lodestok raised an eyebrow. He stayed silent though Blach saw the considering look the warlord gave him. "You'll kindly entrust the girl-child to two of my henchmen, whom you've already met." When Lodestok continued to stare at him, Blach felt unusually discomfited, saying persuasively as he watched Lodestok let his gaze wander round the room, "I merely do what's needful. You'll be told in time."
"Well enough," was the warlord's cold rejoinder.
Blach reminded himself not to underestimate either the warlord's intelligence, or his uncanny perception that could render others uncomfortable. Lodestok also had an enviable memory and could be unexpectedly capricious, so Blach moderated his tone. The sorcerer spoke again.
"Before and after the man and the boy become a part of the family in Ortok, I'd ask that you send warriors to check all's well. There's also an eldest boy in the original family, by name, Sarehl. He is to die, my friend. I’d ask that you ensure he does. The other children are, I consider, irrelevant, though maybe they could be useful, and one child in particular will have remarkable beauty and charm - dispose of them as you will but dispose of them at all costs. Whether you find a use for them or no, their lives are forfeit, to me. The woman and the man are equally expendable; they're to die and in a suitably satisfactory way. You may interpret that in any way you choose. Lodestok, my friend, please don't fail me in this. Success has the highest priority." The voice was gentle, but the face was implacably cruel.
The warlord rose carefully and placed his goblet on a table next to his chair. Blach got to his feet as well, the gown that swept the ground accentuating his height. He held out his hand to Lodestok, who clasped it briefly.
"I will be in touch, Blach, but through correspondence only."
"Likewise, Warlord. Bring me wealth, slaves and any mutes, my friend. Cast fear as far as you can - it'll make things so easy for you and your warriors. Not," added Blach nonchalantly, "that I anticipate you'll find many obstacles in your way."
"Nor, Blach, do I," agreed the warlord, a frightening grin touching his countenance.
"You'll doubtless wish to return to Valshika to prepare." As Blach escorted Lodestok to the door, he offered the warlord his hand again. "I wish you well," he said very gently. Lodestok returned the pressure of the thin fingers and a smile of understanding passed between them.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The Mishtok looked around the assembled gathering, his eyes sweeping from face to face. He was well aware of heightened tension. The raw anxiety could easily have swamped him several times over had his guards not been securely in place. Running a gnarled hand through his shock of white hair, he sighed. He felt every bit his advanced age.
"Reverence," came a voice from the front of the hall. The Mishtok could read the speaker easily enough, but he courteously did not. "How close are they to us?"
The Mishtok spoke out aloud, in his quiet and gentle voice. It was a light, well-modulated baritone.
"Warriors are close enough for me to consider it advisable to close down the Conclave. You've received your instructions and know what you have to do. We'll disassemble immediately so we're not together and vulnerable to the worst and most devastating kind of attack. Should such occur while we're separate, that we can cope with. With us in mind concert here, any betrayal would nearly destroy us." The Mishtok's voice was clear and carrying. There was a murmur from all those present.
He let them talk a little longer before he said, "We still know little about this sorcerer, but don't underestimate him. I feel the threat from him is very real. You're wise to fear him. I've told Yarilo so. He and the warlord are a fearsome combination. I may be wrong, but I'd suggest that we're only at the beginning of some plan that's hatched between the sorcerer and the warlord. They'll destroy us utterly, if we don't act."
The Mishtok listened to the surges of conversation and argument, making no further comment before he walked quietly to a chair and sat wearily, aware how very deeply tired he was. He relaxed back yawning. His guards went down for barely a second.
He was quite unprepared for the attack when it came, only dimly conscious that it came as a result of treachery. The agony as his mind was torn apart in a vortex of violence was unbearable. Even as he felt all sense of reason would soon be lost, the Mishtok suddenly knew who was behind the power that so viciously attacked him, and he knew that the assault, through him, was intended to destroy the Conclave and all who were present. As he'd suggested only moments before, it was to be the end of the reader-seekers on Ambros.
His brain burned. His skull felt hollowed out. He was allowed a glimpse of the southern mage himself; the man stood still, his eyes pitiless and his mouth twisted in a cruel smile of triumph. The Mishtok fell to the floor, his hands to his head. He writhed. His mouth opened to choked screams.
As the Conclave gathered round the Mishtok it was the Adepts who knelt beside him, held him and tried, through desperate concert, to reach and ease the tortured mind. He put out a feeble hand to grasp at the nearest Adept.
"Aceke?"
"Yes, Monseignore."
"You are chosen."
Aceke stared down into eyes that looked as if they burned. The Mishtok was suddenly very weak. His voice, struggling through lips that also burned, was painfully distant. The man seemed consumed by inner fire. It was a horrific sight.
Aceke bent his head. He heard one word uttered before the Mishtok gave an awful howl that seemed to shake the walls of the Conclave. Aceke stumbled back. His face was blanched and his eyes closed as he mouthed words that no one could hear, then he raised his hands above his head and fell to his knees. His head was clasped in his hands.
The Mishtok lay still, his face an unrecognisable mask. It'd taken a strong combined effort by the Adepts to block out or neutralise the Mishtok's agony. Despite the hurried blocks thrown up universally, it touched every person in the hall, many crouched in attitudes of terror or revulsion. Many more would simply not recover. The Adepts took immediate action. It was critical if the Conclave was to survive.
~~~
That evening, four men stood silently outside the Conclave hall, on the shallow broad steps that led to terraced gardens. One was the newly chosen Mishtok. Aceke wore the long white robes of office. His steel-gray head was bent as he stared at the crystal he wore on a chain. He was a spare and elderly man of little height, so the robes looked too heavy for such physical frailty. The other men wore the cerulean robes of the Adept. It was an Adept who spoke first.
"There's been betrayal, Reverence." The Mishtok raised his head.
"It would appear so. You'll all exercise extreme caution wherever you find yourselves. You'll trust no one."
"Where will you travel, Reverence?"
"North."
"Can you safely negotiate the fighting?"
"They haven't yet overrun all the south. I must get to the north as soon as possible."
"Who'll travel with you, Monseignore?" The Mishtok looked at each man who flanked him.
"I travel alone. It’s best that way and will occasion less comment. Setoni, you'll go east to the steppes where you know what to do." Setoni bent his head in acquiescence. "Leon, you'll go up through Samar, before turning northwest." The Mishtok was thoughtful for a moment. "Has Dakhilah fallen yet?"
"Yes, Reverence," said Leon quietly. The Mishtok frowned, not speaking.
"And me, Reverence?" The Mishtok stared thoughtfully at the third man.
"You, Morsh, have the hardest road to travel. You'll become part of Lodestok's war machine, where you will be used as a captive reader-seeker. Do you understand what that means?"
"Yes, Reverence."
"You may well die, and not easily." The Adept's head bowed. "You'll also come across those from among us who, I'm ashamed to say, work willingly with the warlord. You must watch for them and advise me of them."
"I will, Reverence."
The Mishtok quietly turned to the other two Adepts and raised his hand in dismissal. Without further comment, the Adepts bowed their heads in acknowledgment and moved away. The third Adept remained, his eyes looking into the distance. The Mishtok gave a deep sigh.
"How many escaped, Reverence?" came the Adept's soft and gentle voice.
"Barely one third of the Conclave, my friend, now moves about Ambros. We've lost all the others." There was a long and poignant silence. It was broken by the Adept once again.
"Do you wish to say anything else to me, Reverence?" The Adept had an attractive smile that warmed his clear eyes.
"One will come to you as a child, from an unlikely quarter," murmured the Mishtok. "You'll know him as exceptionally gifted. Train him to the highest possible level. Another boy may come later, a child of such rich talent I hope and pray you're still alive to train him likewise. I have fears for you, my friend, very deep fears. If I ask too much -."
The Adept held up a hand and shook his head. Without being aware of it, he then drew the hand across his eyes; he blinked, deeply conscious of both his vulnerability and his mortality.
"I'll do what I can," he responded softly.
"You’ll have to travel in the caravan disguised, Morsh. We don’t know who goes with the warlord, willingly or no, or at what level of competency they are. I will maintain a link block with you at all times so you appear no more than a Level Two, something you must maintain." Morsh nodded. "And you must physically disguise yourself as well." Again, Morsh nodded. “Before that, it’s necessary you’re absorbed among captives at Valshika, prior to being part of the caravan going north. That will be your first contact with the child.” Taking the Adept's hands in his, the Mishtok gave a sad smile. "Remember, Morsh, the warlord's only a tool, but a lethal one. He runs in harness with the sorcerer." Morsh gave a slight shudder, unaware of the fleeting and speculative glance the Mishtok gave him when he spoke of the sorcerer.
"I won’t forget, Reverence."
The two men stood together for a long time. The sky darkened around them.


Yarilan Chronicles 2469, Crescent Astral Yarilo Cycle 2209.

We have tidings that grieve us deeply and will, doubtless, be felt in the same way on Lilium.
 
The Mishtok has been killed and another chosen in his place. If what the new incumbent tells us is true, then Ambros faces troublesome times. We only hope he misheard the words of his dying predecessor.
 
We’re now aware of the fluctuations in southern Ambros and suspect that the sorcerer, Blach, is more than he appears. The Watchers are vigilant and wait for any further movement in the aethyr. The last disturbance, alarmingly, coincided with the death of the Mishtok.
 
We've been advised that the Adepts, from a tragically depleted Conclave, have been sent across Ambros as we suggested. One Adept's path could bring him pain and grief, but we have no other choice of action.
 
We await events. We'd record at this point, that one of our master mages has gone to Ambros. He's not in regular contact with Yarilo. Our archmage asks after him constantly; we note the mage's catlin regularly arrives in the Archmage's tower, something of significance since such frequent manifestations are unusual.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Myme Chlo was a raven-haired girl full of life, vital and inquisitive. The deep violet eyes she was born with never changed. They were darkly intense and penetrating in one so young.
She was a happy child. Her elder brothers doted on her and her mother admired her very quick mind. It was said that it seemed Myme Chlo would be a scholar like her father. She was tall and as slender as her brothers, her dusky curls the same, so the familial resemblance was striking.
When she wasn't at school, she preferred to be alone if she wasn’t with Bethel. This happened increasingly, because Bethel was singled out very young as a potentially deeply gifted musician; it meant he now trained daily at the Aesthetics Academy after school. Both his and Myme Chlo's favourite area for playing was down beyond where the canals petered out into a large pond. Here she talked to nature as though she was a part of it, her mind always open. Sometimes Bethel would accompany her and happily hunker next to his sister, drawn to the still water, a faraway look in his beautiful eyes.
As she grew older, Myme Chlo became a tomboy. She romped and brawled with her brothers, or, if she was alone, scrambled up into a huge tree where she would curl up unobserved. All an onlooker could see were small bare feet and a mischievous grin that peered through the foliage. Melas despaired as she mended one torn garment after another, her expression at her daughter resigned.
Myme Chlo wandered by the pond, often in an abstracted, oddly mature way. She'd peer closely at flowers and shrubs, pluck pieces off them and turn them over repeatedly, or sometimes she'd hitch her skirt, wading out to her favourite rock where she'd sit as still as a statue. The water whirled around her but she'd just sit hunched, her chin on her knees, seemingly unaware of anything moving near her.
~~~
On this day, as she sat on her rock warm in the sun, she called all the fish to her, laughing as they thrashed round her in panic and confusion, their mouths gaping. Then the little girl held up her hand and the frothing surge instantly stopped. All about Myme Chlo was breathless stillness. She looked into the water, her expression serious, then she slipped off the stone and began wading thoughtfully to dry land.
As she walked home she saw the scholar approach, his long stride enabling him to reach her very quickly. He waved. She responded, coming up to him at a run, her face flushed in welcome.
"Well met, little one," he greeted her, stooping to swing her up into his arms. He gave her a kiss, then dropped her lightly back on the ground. "Going anywhere in particular?" he enquired, taking one little hand firmly in his.
She hopped and skipped as they walked along, the scholar obligingly having turned in her direction. Myme Chlo decided to head for the common. She was suddenly terrified when a voice in her mind agreed, stopped, and stared incredulously up at the scholar. He nodded and quietly mindspoke her again. This time she shivered when she heard him speak.
"Don't just stand there," he chided her. "Just keep walking as though nothing's happened."
Obediently, she responded to the pressure on her hand. She mindspoke back without even thinking about it, an innate ability that brought a smile to the scholar's eyes that she didn't see. Her abrupt question made his smile deepen.
"Who exactly are you?"
"You know better than to ask," he responded. "I'm the scholar."
"I know that," came the aggrieved thought.
Myme Chlo peered up at the slow smile that spread across the scholar's face. The little girl struggled to keep up with his pace, a pucker between her brows, then she realised with surprise that they'd bypassed the common and had reached the first meadow. Here the scholar let go Myme Chlo's hand. He fished around in his pocket for his pipe and pulled it out, noticing at the same time that the little girl stared fixedly at him.
"How did you know I'd changed my mind and wanted to come here?"
"I read your mind," the scholar responded coolly, lighting his pipe absently.
"How can you talk to me in my mind?" she demanded, standing quite still. "I won't move until you tell me."
"Do as you like, little one," replied the scholar, contentedly drawing on the pipe. He was eyed with surprise and respect.
"I'll pick some flowers for Mam," Myme Chlo suggested, looking around her.
"Come on then, I'll help," offered the scholar.
He wandered away to the other side of the meadow, curls of smoke bouncing back over his shoulder. They spent quite a few minutes gathering a bouquet, the scholar ambling benevolently here and there, while the little girl skittered to and fro with boundless energy. Puffing, Myme Chlo collapsed in the middle of the meadow to begin sorting out the flowers. The scholar dropped some more in her lap. He sat quietly beside her, idly flicking at some long grass. The meadowgrass was lush and flowered, its scent heady in the heat. The air was still and warm.
The scholar lay back, his head on his arms, his pipe half in his mouth as he stared lazily up at a clear blue sky. Myme Chlo got her flowers sorted, wriggled her toes in the grass and absently plucked some maisy flowers to begin making a chain as Bethel had taught her. To better observe her, the scholar rolled onto his left elbow, uprooting a long grass blade to chew on as he did so.
"You did an unusual thing today, didn't you?" he said conversationally. Myme Chlo looked up from her chain enquiringly. The scholar watched her face impassively as he continued. "You broadcast all over the place when you were at the pond, did you know that?"
"No," came the quick, defensive reply.
"I think you do," the scholar said wryly. "And quite enjoyed it too, didn't you?"
"I didn't mean to hurt anyone." The head came up again, as big violet eyes met the scholar's. "It was fun."
"Power isn’t fun, little one. Badly used it can be dangerous and can make people afraid of you."
"It's only happened once." Myme Chlo looked very small and apprehensive. She bent her head at the scholar's next words.
"No, my dear, it hasn't, though this was your loudest broadcast. You speak to trees, animals and birds too, don't you?" A look of fear crossed the small face.
"How do you know? Do you follow me?" When the scholar burst out laughing, Myme Chlo relaxed and the fright faded from her eyes.
"Not at all, little one, not at all. I'm far too busy to do that. No, I pick up your broadcasts all the time."
"Oh," said a small voice. "I didn't know that."
"I've noticed an increase in their frequency, child. Why is that, do you think?" Myme Chlo went very quiet. "Tell me, little one."
"I'm so bored," blurted out Myme Chlo.
"Ah," mumbled the scholar. "Why are you so?"
"I want to talk with people, but they put me with babies. Bethel understands me - Lute does a little -." She stopped and looked down at her chain.
"Tell me what happened before, at the pond." The scholar chewed a bit more off the end of the grass stalk, his eyes not wavering from the bent head.
"I don't really remember."
"It's important that you do," persisted the scholar, vaguely searching for another blade of grass.
"I didn't actually think of the fish. It just happened."
"That's what I was afraid of," was the soft response as the scholar clambered to his feet with a faint sigh. "Let's get moving, child. You want to get the flowers fresh to your mother." Myme Chlo rose, the chain on her head and her hands clasping a large bouquet. She watched the scholar who walked about in a circle and looked occasionally across the meadow.
"What are you doing?" she asked, staring up at him.
"I've lost my hat," he replied. Myme Chlo got the giggles.
"You're wearing it," she advised him, pointing to his head.
~~~
Myme Chlo had her seventh cycle day that week. The scholar was painfully aware how fast the seasons passed. The little girl's carefree existence ended. When she wasn't at school with her siblings, she was expected to be at study with the scholar. Her wanderings and musings were curtailed. Myme Chlo, yawning widely, arrived home in the early evening for late meal. No one asked her what she learned. It was just accepted that Alfar's daughter seemed to be developing the same gifts as her father and extra tuition was beneficial for her.
All Melas' and the children's needs were met by their father's brother, Chlorim, who adopted them all on Alfar's death. They wanted for nothing because he was a childless and very wealthy merchant. The children adored him. He responded in kind.
Their home was seldom quiet. Children constantly rushed to and fro. Left to their own devices, the children played and squabbled as children do. They fought too, all of them close in age; like cubs they rollicked, laughed and cried, Myme Chlo as much a fighter as the boys, though she seldom won encounters anymore than did Bethel. He was such a gentle boy he'd succumb, helpless with laughter, to his elder twin brothers.
With a smile in her eyes, Melas sat on the verandah in the evenings, watching the boisterous foursome from her rocking chair. Sarehl also sat, but on the steps just below her, grinning while he took bets with his mother as to who'd win the evening's encounter.
Sarehl was seventeen cycles and extremely tall and gangly. He was thin, but the breadth of shoulder hinted at a frame much like Alfar's and Melas often looked at him, seeing her mate in him, even to the smile and the temperament. Sarehl was a full student at the Antiquities Centre where he was learning his craft very fast. The masters were impressed by him. Favourable comments were made to his uncle. Chlorim, in turn, told Melas the boy would be a senior in the next cycle. That made Melas very proud.
Bethel was eight cycles and treated Sarehl as a surrogate father. He was slender and physically a very lovely boy, with huge luminous purple eyes and jet shoulder-length curly hair like his mother's and Sarehl's. He was a dreamy and gentle boy, thoughtful and sensitive; he stared upon the world with innocence and wide-eyed curiosity, the child completely wrapped in his music. It was his life.
He studied at the Aesthetics Academy. He'd immediately attracted the attention of the masters, his formidable gifts such that he was admitted at an extremely young age to study, two masters devoting as much time to him as they could. He was fascinated by what Myme Chlo could do with her mind and he absorbed avidly everything she learned about mind control. After Sarehl, Myme Chlo was closest to Bethel.
The twins were identical in appearance, but Dase was the more outgoing boy. He was boisterous and adventurous, dragging his none too reluctant twin, who was more introspective, into one scrape after another. Where Dase led, Lute happily followed, his big black eyes eloquent when they found themselves in trouble. They were self-contained, mischievous and often quite unpredictable.
They were very tall for nine cycles, thin, their long black curls swept back and held by ribands at the nape of the neck as Sarehl's was. They weren't especially studious. Even so, Chlorim had decided they'd eventually be apprenticed to merchants to learn trades. Melas just shook her head at them. Looking at them now, Sarehl wondered what trouble they brewed, the two dark heads together as they whispered and giggled.
Sarehl had, in effect, grown up as an only child, helping to raise the younger ones from an early age. He thought now of the coming months. Melas sat sewing, coloured threads spread carefully around her. She rocked gently.
"Mam," said Sarehl quietly. Melas looked up briefly with a smile.
"Yes, Sar?"
"Mam, am I to stand for Choice this cycle?" Melas looked up a second time, to survey her son thoughtfully. She nodded.
"Yes, son, you're old enough." He blushed and turned his head to one side. "Did you have someone in mind?"
"Alicia, Mam," he replied, his colour deepening.
"I thought so. She's a likable girl, that one," approved Melas, shaking the garment she worked on. "And does she choose you, son?"
Looking very young and embarrassed, Sarehl nodded. Melas stared at the bright, dark eyes and the hesitant smile, and held out her hand instinctively. Sarehl came up the step and crouched down beside her so she could run a hand through his hair as she'd always done with the children, saying softly,
"Your father would be so proud of you, son." She felt a quiver and added, "You remember your Da, Sar, don't you?"
"Yes, Mam, I do," came the reply.
"That pleases me, son," whispered Melas. "We share him. There's so much of him in you. That means much to me." Sarehl clasped one of his mother's hands and held it to his cheek.
Sarehl was bought a house on the other side of the city. It was a gift from Chlorim for the mating that would result from Choice, an event that came closer with every passing week.
~~~
Very early spring brought the first participants to the Choice festival, even though Choice was still weeks away. Barges disgorged travellers from all over Samar and beyond, regularly, from day to day. With the waterways becoming so congested, there were constant shouts, good-natured threats and laughter floating up from the canals, even late into the night.
Myme Chlo's eighth cycle day came and went. The scholar gave her a brooch in the shape of what she thought was a canas. She thanked him and always wore it. What both Myme Chlo and her brothers did notice, some time before Myme Chlo's cycle day, was the change in their mother. She started to wear her hair in a knot on the top of her head, from which black ringlets fell in profusion; her hemlines now showed elegantly turned ankles and the style of her blouses and skirts subtly altered. Her nails were painted. The colour she now wore round her eyes accentuated the depth of violet and enhanced already huge and luminous eyes. Her cheeks were pinker and her lips ruddier. Sashes and belts highlighted a slender waist, while scarves over the shoulders and jewellery on throat and ears were quite unexpected.
Melas was willowy and graceful. Chlorim looked on from the distance with approval in his dark eyes - he'd often wished his brother's singularly lovely mate would be attracted to another man. Her children stared at her in fascinated surprise, but she said nothing, though she wasn't at home as often anymore.
Sarehl saw the perplexed looks on the young faces, but he said nothing either. He saw the tall, broad-shouldered man, with flame red hair and beard, who was his mother's constant companion, but he kept his distance and just watched. He'd no idea how his mother met this merchant, but, when he saw Melas smile up at the man, he'd no wish to interfere.
Since the merchant stayed at a local inn, it seemed he might be merely a transient, accidentally here for Choice, so Sarehl watched them one afternoon as they roamed around the market place nearest to Alfar's home. It was then he saw the merchant look down into his mother's eyes in such a way Sarehl had no doubts at all. Melas would stand at Choice. Sarehl did nothing for some time, then, one morning, he made a call at the scholar's house. The scholar’s attitude was one of interest but no concern. He sent the youth away completely reassured about his mother, but once the young man left, the scholar looked anything but comfortable. He snapped shut his book and went out abruptly.
~~~
As Choice came closer, Myme Chlo lost her usual concentration. It was her habit when she was at the scholar's, to sit with her chin in her hand while she thought what she'd do next. She was in such a characteristic pose today, her pen lying idle on a blank sheet.
The scholar looked up from the scroll he perused, to glance briefly at the small figure, and again felt what an impossible task tutoring this child was. He'd only once entered her mind without her knowledge and that was to implant a block against random broadcasting, not that she did this of late. Myme Chlo's progress was startling. Everything he taught her, she effortlessly retained. The girl was insatiably curious and thirsted to know more.
The scholar spent much time teaching her mind control. He took her beyond her immediate self several times and made her look back at herself in an objective and detached way. She told Bethel about it and taught him as she was shown, but no one else knew. The scholar gently coaxed her to translate into whatever form he suggested, and, her eyes wide with fright, she trusted the scholar and followed him. She became smaller or larger, narrower or wider; whichever shape the scholar took, so did she.
She finally lost her fear when she learned that provided she always knew where she'd been and then where she wanted to be exactly, she could return to herself. It was a form of mental discipline and clarity of thought the scholar insisted she study. She learned her rules of translation by heart and never forgot them; she never forgot her mental disciplines either and passed them on to Bethel who was fascinated. The scholar noticed the girl never repeated a mistake. She always asked him if she was unsure of anything she was asked to learn.
The scholar snapped a pen he'd been holding and Myme Chlo looked up. She watched the scholar give a long sigh, then a prolonged yawn.
"Are you tired, Scholar?" she asked her mentor solicitously.
"No more than usual, little one. I see," the scholar continued, looking significantly at the blank sheet in front of her, "that your calligraphy of Orkaic symbols has come to a lamentable halt."
"I was thinking."
"Anything interesting?" asked the scholar, casually puffing on his pipe and crossing his long legs comfortably.
"It's Mam."
"What about her?"
Myme Chlo stood, stretching first one leg then the other, before saying uncertainly, "I think she's going to stand at Choice." The small head was slightly tilted in thought. The scholar tactfully refrained from immediate comment. "Sar says she's already mated, Scholar - do you think she should mate again, as she did with Da?"
"It's no business of mine, little one," the scholar said quietly, looking calmly across at the little girl. She blushed, but held her ground.
"It's mine," she said, stubbornly. "And you're part of my family, Sar and Mam both say that." Their eyes met, the scholar's impossibly blue and Myme Chlo's velvety violet.
"And because of that it should be my business, is that what you're saying, child?" Myme Chlo's eyes fell first. "What are you trying to say, little one?"
"I'm afraid for us all," she said, so quietly the scholar looked at her with raised eyebrows.
The small voice sounded strangely mature and haunted, and the scholar wasn't one to ignore this child's instincts or his sudden shiver of premonition. Myme Chlo wasn't looking at him.
"Have you met Bruno?" he asked gently. She nodded. "Was he kind to you?" The head nodded again. "Then why are you anxious?" There was a long silence. "Myme Chlo?"
"Does he love Mam?"
The scholar held out his hand. When the little girl went straight to him he pulled her on to his lap, to lightly caress the mop of dark curls as he responded quietly, "How can I know that, little one?" She twisted her fingers together.
"I can't explain," she said, almost tearfully.
"Try, little one." Myme Chlo sat still for a long time, then she sighed wearily.
"Scholar, I sense something I don't understand. I know Mam cares for Bruno. I'm sure Sar's right when he says Bruno feels the same way; Bethel says he does. But I can't help wondering why he's just so suddenly come here."
"Chance is a strange thing," murmured the scholar. He didn’t add, that in this instance, chance had little to do with Bruno's appearance.
"It's not chance," said a small voice positively. The scholar stared contemplatively at the small girl curled up in his lap. His eyes frowned. He deliberately changed the subject.
"Ease your mind, little one," he suggested. "Do you mind your mother mating again?" Myme Chlo drew in her breath.
"I never knew our father Alfar, so I don't know what a father will be like. Sar's been a father to us as long as any of us can remember. He has Alicia now too."
It was the scholar's turn to breathe deeply as he thought of her possible progenitor. He sought for words and found none, but Myme Chlo didn't seem to notice as she went on.
"Are fathers nice to have?"
"Mine certainly was," commented the scholar.
"Bethel says we must accept Bruno for Mam's sake."
"Then Bethel's a sensible boy," was the scholar's response.
"You don't think I should be afraid?"
"I don't think either Bruno or his son will harm you." The scholar reinforced this reassurance in her mind.
"Have you met Lian, Scholar?"
"I've only seen him with his father, at a distance." The scholar felt this small lie was admissible.
"What do you think of him?" asked the small inquisitor. The scholar turned his head to stare beyond Myme Chlo.
"From what I have seen and heard, he seems a quietly unobtrusive and pleasant boy. How old is he?"
"A bit younger than Sar."
"Is he standing for Choice?" Myme Chlo got down from the scholar's knees and wandered pensively over to the window.
"I talk with Lian, scholar, and I like him very much. He tells me he doesn't wish to stand. I don't ever want to either."
"Then you probably won't," said the scholar equably.
"Were you - did you -?" The small voice broke off in confusion. The scholar carefully bent his head to hide a lurking smile.
"Laras and I've chosen to be together for the moment, yes."
"But not at Choice?"
"No."
"And not for ever?" Big violet eyes stared up at the scholar.
"No," was the firm response.
The scholar rose and began to roll up the scroll he'd been perusing, tying it carefully before placing it at the back of a pile of others. He was surprised to feel a tug on his coat. When he looked round and down, startled, he was concerned to see the girl's eyes full of tears.
"I don't wish to choose," she whispered. "I don't choose anyone here." The scholar went to his knees.
"If that's so, little one," he said gently, "you don't have to choose, I promise you that. How do you know this?"
"I don't see myself here, Scholar. All I see is strange blankness. It frightens me so much. And they've come again. I want to know who the voices are and why they won't go away."
The scholar held her away from him, saying abruptly, "Have they been with you long?" Myme Chlo shook her head. "Look at me, Myme Chlo. Now!" The little girl raised her head timidly. "Look at me directly, little one." She obeyed. The tone of the scholar's voice brooked no argument. "Are the voices there now?"
She nodded miserably, mumbling, "They make my head hurt." The scholar held her steady. His voice was calm and deep.
"Open to me, Myme Chlo, and trust me. I'd never hurt you, you know that, don't you?" She nodded again, her eyes held by his. She hardly recognised the scholar's blue eyes because they suddenly darkened and became quite alien. "Take me with you, child, and lead me to the voices."
As Myme Chlo looked into the scholar's suddenly depthless eyes, she seemed to pass through them and knew he was in her mind, as he so often was these days when he taught her mind skills. They didn't mindspeak. She felt his mental probe faintly touch her in a way that was unfamiliar, and then shivered with shock as the probe slipped beyond her control and deep into her subconscious. Instinctively, she tried to close her mind but the scholar was too quick for her.
He easily blocked her and moved on to where he could hear the voices. Fascinated, he listened to them. They were distorted and wavery one minute, then became distinct. He recognised this child received the ebb and flow of teleth: it was extraordinary that she could do so and it momentarily stunned the scholar.
He telethed the voices himself, identified who he was and asked them to withdraw from that aethyr link. The voices were inclined to argue but the scholar was in no mood to listen. Abruptly the teleth ceased. It left the scholar to clear the last vestiges of confusion, before he felt able to quietly withdraw, erasing any memory of the voices and removing his mind block as he went. He mindspoke Myme Chlo.
"Can you hear me?"
"Yes."
"How are you feeling?"
"I'm tired. I'm always tired after you've been in my mind." Sharply, Myme Chlo cut the mind link. It made the scholar look at her in an odd way. She'd never had the ability to do that before.
"I think, little one," he said gently, "you need a holiday until after Choice. You should spend as much time with your mother and Sarehl as you can. Get along with you."
Myme Chlo threw her arms round the scholar as he knelt once again to accept her embrace.
"Thank you," she whispered.
Escorted to the door, she turned and grinned impishly up at the scholar, before she set off at a run. She left the scholar balefully staring at where she'd been, his mind seriously disturbed. These latest developments in Myme Chlo had come very quickly: he wasn't sure whether this was good or bad.
With another of his heavy sighs, he looked at brassbound volumes set over the fireplace at the end of his large study. He selected one and searched until he found the page he wanted and moved to a capacious chair. He sank back. Laras, entering the room a short time later, saw the opened volume in the scholar's lap and observed, too, that his eyes were closed. She quietly withdrew, aware that all did not augur well when the scholar turned to one of those tomes.
~~~
The scholar met Bruno quite some time prior to his discussion with Myme Chlo. After Sarehl's earlier visit, the scholar headed for the centre of the city, resolved to contact the merchant as soon as possible. He’d found Bruno, distinctive with his mane of red hair, at the exchange where the merchant did business, but because Chlorim saw the scholar and hailed him, he very nearly missed Bruno. It was purely fortuitous that Bruno should end up close by. The scholar and he struck up an acquaintanceship almost immediately and it wasn't difficult for the scholar to suggest they enlarge on their newfound friendship by going to a nearby inn.
They walked mostly in silence, mainly because the streets were crowded. The inn was in the financial part of the city so consequently it was hectic business in the taproom. Even though it was a crush, the scholar somehow made spaces through which they could weave, they got tankards and then went outside to sit at one of the few empty tables. There was nowhere to sit inside and neither man felt like being crushed.
The merchant turned deep blue eyes in the scholar's direction, asking, "What's your name, my friend?"
"Scholar," came the reply, as the scholar sipped appreciatively.
"Unusual name that," was Bruno's comment. "Nothing else?"
"Nothing else."
"Married, are you?"
"Sort of," agreed the scholar, smiling at Bruno's raised eyebrow. "Are you?"
"I was. I'm here with my son Lian."
"Is he your only son?" Bruno smiled in turn, shaking his head as he answered.
"Nay, he's my last and he's special to me. I had a quiverful of young before him."
"Is he with you now?"
"Aye, he is." This was accompanied by a sigh. "He's now sixteen cycles."
"Then he's company for you on your travels," suggested the scholar, drinking steadily. Bruno said nothing as he stared into his tankard. The scholar stayed silent. He waited for Bruno to speak again.
"I'm thinking of staying," Bruno said unexpectedly, looking up with his eyes alert.
"You hope to find a mate?" asked the scholar casually. He saw the sudden hitch of the bushy red eyebrows and received a long look from those blue eyes.
"Choice," said Bruno carefully, "is only for the young."
"Oh, no," said the scholar filling his pipe, an action that seemed to absorb all his concentration. He packed down the tobacco. "You often find a widow, or a widower come to that, who's chosen too."
"Like a widow named Melas, you mean?" asked Bruno very softly. The scholar's hand went still. He didn't look up.
"Like Melas," he agreed.
"Do you know her well?" Running a hand through an extraordinarily long and thick red beard, Bruno settled himself back in the seat. He watched the scholar, still with an alert expression in his eyes.
"Yes," said the scholar unexpectedly, "very well. Her daughter helps Laras in the house and I give the child extra coaching in return." Bruno pursed his lips.
"I’ve met her. Is she like the brothers?"
The scholar looked up, his eyes warm with amusement as he responded cheerfully, "She's typical of an eight cycle child."
He saw Bruno's shoulders relax. When a smile came into the merchant's eyes, the scholar saw Bruno's tension ease and he slipped unobtrusively into the merchant's mind. He was unprepared for what he found there; the tampering was clever and very subtle with enough of a threat, more to Bruno's son than to Bruno himself, to make the merchant compliant and willing to marry Melas. There was no malice in the merchant at all. He was as strongly attracted to Melas, through what means the scholar couldn't guess, as she obviously was to him. The scholar read that when the merchant actually met Melas of Ortok, immediate strong appeal would be triggered by heightened attraction. The scholar wondered uneasily how anyone could know the name Melas, because it was unique and carried two meanings, "child of water", and "dragon-blessed". And who, he wondered even more uneasily, knew of her at all from the south?
The scholar sensed two strong compulsions in the merchant's mind. The first was to bring Lian into Melas’ family and the second was to obey whoever had tampered with his mind. The wishes were for the sake of his son; Lian caused Bruno pain and anxiety. Quietly, the scholar withdrew, rose and held out his hand for Bruno’s tankard.
"Another, my friend?"
Blinking, Bruno absently held out his tankard. When the scholar returned, Bruno was relaxed and smiling.
"I hope Melas' children like my boy," he said contemplatively. "It's important to me that they do."
"I see no reason why they shouldn't," replied the scholar easily. "He and Sar are much of an age, though your boy won't see much of Sar."
"That's the lad standing at Choice, Melas tells me."
"Yes," agreed the scholar. "They say he's very like his father and not just in looks either."
Bruno studied the pattern on the table before he said, "The others never knew their father, did they?"
"No, the youngest, Myme Chlo, was born after Alfar died."
"All children need a father," Bruno said after a moment.
"It'll certainly be novel for them," commented the scholar, likewise drinking deeply. He added, "Something troubles you, my friend." Bruno had become preoccupied, but he looked up at that and gave a half-laugh of unease.
"What makes you think so?" he queried.
"You seem uneasy. Are you looking for someone?" Bruno shot the scholar an accusing look.
"Are you a wizard or something?"
The merchant's voice was a growl and he held his tankard in a very tight grip. The scholar grinned at him. In spite of himself, Bruno's hostility vanished and he grinned affably back. Almost as quickly, the smile went. Bruno didn't speak for a while, then when he did, it was with hesitation. He clearly longed to trust someone. He stared hard at the scholar and sighed, then he spoke with an odd trace of sadness in his voice.
"A few cycles ago," he began slowly, "two southmen came to me as contacts in my business." He looked across at the scholar, adding succinctly, "Silks and ermars." The scholar nodded. "They were Yazd, I think, but I can't be sure. They stayed in my home for some days. Each evening one of them came to chat with me. I was always left deeply tired and could never remember anything of any conversation we had." He rubbed a hand across his mouth. "It was rather unnerving, but they seemed harmless enough." The deep voice became a little unsteady. "That was until one morning they took my boy away. They were gone for a day and a half. One man came back on his own - he was courteous but adamant. I was ordered to move north to Ortok where I'd find a woman named Melas whom I'd marry. If I didn't, I'd have to watch my son die." Bruno's voice broke. He downed the last of the liquid from the tankard, slamming it down hard on the table.
"Was Lian unharmed when he returned?"
"I don't know what they did to him," Bruno said savagely. "Lian was always a quiet boy, but I thought his spirit was broken, though I can't swear to that. It was just my feeling. Who can really tell what they did to him? They're always about me and monitor every move we make. They know I'm here," Bruno added. His eyes were deeply troubled.
"How do you know that?" The scholar scanned the merchant's face, seeing there trapped helplessness when Bruno shrugged.
"They follow me," he explained. "Once, I tried to say enough. They hurt the boy. He was on his knees, begging me to do as they said. What would you do?" The scholar smiled.
"Exactly what you're doing, my friend." Bruno's responsive smile was wan. "And you care for Melas after all, don't you?" The big man nodded immediately. "Another drink?" Bruno nodded.
When the scholar returned, Bruno wasn't alone. A fair-haired, slender boy stood next to his father. The scholar checked when he saw him, put the two tankards on the table and went back into the inn. When he came out, he carried another tankard that he offered the boy, gesturing to him at the same time that he be seated. Lian did. He looked across at his father, with an expression that was bland and incurious. This was unusual in one so young.
"My son Lian," said Bruno. Lian half-rose in response.
"I'm Scholar," replied the scholar, raising his tankard as a way of greeting.
The following conversation was desultory and centred mainly on where travels had taken father and son. As the scholar was well read he could ask leading questions, observe both Bruno and Lian all the time, but most importantly it enabled him to read Lian's mind.
He was shocked to find so much of it blank. What appalled the scholar was that most of the boy's essence, that spark that was uniquely his, had been extracted. The scholar knew only someone of power could commit such an atrocious act and realised, with a sick feeling, that this was the reason the boy was so compliant and quiet. Lian was being allowed to live out a predestined existence, not fully alive other than emotions permitted for control of his actions. The scholar sensed an earnest desire in Lian to ensure Myme Chlo's trust in him. That gave the scholar pause.
The scholar withdrew with a sense of deep sadness. His pity for the boy over-rode any other feeling. He couldn't look at Bruno. He concentrated on his tankard until he felt able to look at both father and son again, then, as politely as he could, he excused himself and went for a long walk, away from the city and out towards the forest.
As the scholar walked, he realized, with a sense of dread, that only a mage could have perpetrated such cruelty to Lian. And not just a power, he reflected: only a dark malign power would extinguish the light of any living being or creature. The scholar shivered as he entered the forest. His deepening suspicions profoundly shocked him and he thought back to his last conversation with Bene, just before he left Yarilo, the Archmage’s words taking on a new and sinister meaning. He walked with long strides, deeper and deeper into the gloom, his mind mulling over what he’d learned. His main concern was Myme Chlo and the vexed question of why she had to be made to trust Lian. The scholar turned to walk back the way he had come, his mind still troubling him. A vileness stalked Ambros. It was stirring. The scholar could actually sense it.
When he left the forest, however, much of the anxiety seemed to have left him. He'd pulled out his pipe, filled it, and now puffed gently, his rapid stride slowed to a more leisurely gait. He continued to mull over the Archmage's warnings to him about Malekim eight cycles ago.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Choice was a wonderful time for children. It meant days of pleasure and excitement. It brought people from all directions, north and south, many folk come from north of Samar by skirting the huge Blenharm forest to reach Ortok, and few of them hurried. People finally settled either on the riverbank, at the base of the forest outside the city walls, or they camped on the enormous city common that stretched out like moorland and was bounded on two sides by a canal network of waterways. Folk camped along the canals as well, in fact anywhere where they could find room.
The scholar wandered in and out of the crowds as they gathered, listening to conversations that might help him understand what could be happening. He wasn't consciously disguised, but he had the appearance of a scarecrow. His clothes, Laras informed him severely, were disreputable: his beard was ragged and his untrimmed, thick and tawny curls were hidden under a grubby black beret. He looked nondescript and unthreatening. As he walked, he listened.
~~~
Since he'd arrived cycles before in Ortok, he'd followed his instructions implicitly. All knowledge of the old scholar, Bene, who'd resided there, was erased, the scholar going about his business very quietly but with business-like efficiency, the man a model of unobtrusiveness when he chose to be.
He'd flinched upon entering Melas' mind, working as quickly as he could so that he could leave it. By the time Myme Chlo was two cycles, the scholar had no further need to enter Melas' mind. She had no memory of Bene. The scholar reflected sadly that she'd never use the talent that he saw was so plainly a part of her. No one, thought the scholar, remembered Bene, but he'd forgotten a small boy who loved the old man very deeply; Sarehl never spoke of the old man to anyone. He never asked about the old man's sudden disappearance, either, though it hurt the boy deeply.
When the scholar looked up from his musings of the past, he found he'd wandered to the far side of the common, where there were hundreds of tents as far as the eye could see. Children were everywhere; they ran here and there in disorganised groups, laughing, bickering, fighting and getting under foot. There was an air of jovial chaos that the scholar wouldn't have described as restful.
People were toing and froing with merchandise for stalls being set up in the markets throughout the city, and for booths that would entice people to come and see, taste or experiment. Performers surrounded the common, prior to gathering in groups to entertain anyone who wanted to watch or listen. The scene was colourful, exciting and explosive.
The scholar found himself in one part of the common where he could neither move forwards nor backwards. Towheaded children swarmed round him, their bare feet stamping on the trampled grass. They hung on his arms and pulled on his coat.
"Give us coins," they begged, tugging at him. The pressure from the small grasping fingers was painful.
"Tell me then," he responded, "where you're from."
"The south," they chorused.
"What city?" In reply, they tried to pull his arms down.
"We travel," one small girl volunteered. "We're driven from our home."
"Are you gypsies then?" The children all stepped back as one.
"Nah," growled one. "We're southern."
"My apologies," murmured the scholar.
He reached into his pocket for a handful of coins that he threw negligently among the children. As the children flung themselves on the ground, brawling and snarling, the scholar turned. He was confronted by two very tall, large blond men. One of the children looked up at the men, a hand went to her mouth and her eyes filled with terror. She shrank back, calling to her friends. The other youngsters took one look at the two men and fled, coins still left scattered on the ground. The scholar stooped to retrieve them and pocketed them.
"Who are you?" one of the men asked the scholar, a note of menace in his voice.
"Scholar," was the polite reply. The scholar was well aware of the latent threat in both the man's voice and tensed body.
"You are not wanted here." The scholar looked so surprised, the blond man gave a sudden laugh, but it was a display of mirth that made the scholar feel even more uncomfortable. "For bringing brats here for money," the first blond speaker added, in way of explanation when he saw the second blond man frown at him in warning.
"Oh, aye," mumbled the scholar. "Sorry about that."
"Do not worry," said the first blond. "I get touchy with those children constantly demanding things."
The scholar nodded understanding, asking cheerfully, "Are you here for Choice?"
"We are here to do business with a silk merchant," responded the second blond man, eying the scholar disinterestedly.
"Ah," said the scholar, with instant but startled comprehension. He doffed his beret respectfully. "I hope you enjoy the fun of Choice, as well as your business."
He turned away, easing himself back into the crowd. He quite clearly understood why Bruno was deeply apprehensive, even afraid. The meeting with the men, so coincidental, made the scholar very thoughtful indeed.
The next day passed pleasantly for the scholar. He met with Bruno and they enjoyed a convivial time in an inn, until Bruno said he had to leave to find his son. The scholar wandered into one of the squares to find something to eat. He stood outside the corn booth munching and watching the antics of a strolling player who entertained the children, conscious of the puppeteer who stood to one side awaiting his chance.
The scholar ambled on, stopping every so often to buy a nibble. He chewed on glazed reeli meat wrapped in vine leaves and then enjoyed a piping hot sweet-spiced roll. He looked up and over to the horizon, realising the sun would soon set. It grew dark in Ortok quite quickly, so he knew he should make a move towards the inn where he knew he'd find Bruno. He walked very slowly at a shambling pace, keeping his very tall frame well bent in the way he remembered seeing Bene walk when the Archmage was very tired. In only seconds there was no scholar, just a gaunt old man moving at a slow pace. At the end of the square, he halted hesitantly at a booth and spoke in a cracked voice.
"Do you have a used cloak for an old man?" The gypsy woman lit a lantern, and hung it on the front of the booth so that its light fell on the scholar standing hunched in front of her.
"A used cloak eh, old man?" she asked incuriously. "What would you offer me for one then?" She was a tall, thin, rather desiccated-looking woman, her long lank tresses interwoven with colourful beads and imitation silver baubles. She wore a thin shawl across scrawny shoulders and she suddenly shivered. "You're right, old man," she mumbled. "It is getting cool. Come over here."
She swung back the little gate that led into the booth. The scholar went past her as she wrenched back a heavy blue curtain. There the scholar saw racks and racks of old clothes, coats, cloaks, hose, shirts, breeches and more. The gypsy woman waved him towards the nearest rack and then went back to the front of the booth, showing no further interest. The scholar, still stooped and walking ponderously, rifled through the range until he found a very long navy cloak made of a heavy woven material. He threw it around himself to see if it was all enveloping. It was capacious and covered down to his scruffy boots. He then bent almost double, and tossed hats, scarves and mittens to one side, until he found a full crowned cap and a long trailing blue scarf with mittens to match.
He stuffed his old beret into a cloak pocket, set the new one jammed hard over his curls, wrapped the scarf round his neck and pulled on the mittens with a grumble of satisfaction. He drew the curtains across the racks, and returned to the front of the booth where he haggled cheerfully with a ruthless and practiced opponent. When the price was settled upon, the scholar had to ruefully acknowledge he'd been fleeced by an expert. The gypsy gave him a wintry look before turning to trim her lantern.
~~~
The scholar continued a slow, shambling progress out of the main square. He passed the brightly lit and inviting eating-houses that vied with brothels and communal baths for custom, refusing to enter any of the premises when he was invited. As he drew level with an inn door, it suddenly opened. Two huge blond men, talking in low, guttural voices, emerged, looked warily around and then moved in the direction of the common.
Recognising them from the day before, and intrigued, and not a little suspicious, the scholar followed them. He followed a hunch concerning Bruno. His disguise didn't allow him to hurry, so he ambled along, keeping a reasonable distance so as not to alert the two men. He'd intended seeking Bruno in the city, but now wondered if, indeed, as he guessed, he'd find the merchant by trailing the men.
The lane the men trod was well lit by high-poled lanterns. Since the shadows from the hedgerows made patterns on the path, the scholar entertained himself by giving each pattern a recognisable form in his mind. Preoccupied by his imaginative musings, the scholar realised too late that he'd come too close to the two men. They stood, arguing hotly and pointing at him.
The scholar instantly closed his mind and stooped very low, at the same time cursing himself for a fool. He thought the best thing to do was to keep moving. Nearing the men, he slowed enough for one of them to lean forward and drag him to a halt. The scholar's head was bent.
"For the gods," muttered one of the men. "It is only an old man."
"Old men can spy," snarled the second man, his grip on the scholar firming. "Though," he added in disgust, "this one lacks much intelligence by his looks." He stared down at the scholar who sensibly wore an extremely vacuous expression and had let his mouth go slack. "Speak to us, old man." The second man shook the scholar hard. "Why have you been following us?" Released, the scholar shambled forward and removed his cap respectfully. He was all obsequiousness.
"I'm old," he whined, in a quavering voice, "and not quick on my feet. I don't follow anyone."
"Where are you going then?"
The scholar pointed vaguely in the direction of the hundreds of tents, then fished in his pocket for some coins. He placatingly offered them. The first man came forward, saw the coins and struck the scholar's hand contemptuously.
The scholar stayed motionless, even when he got a hard and malicious kick. He barely restrained a curse. He was pushed sharply to his knees and knew a beating would follow. He got it. As he stayed crouched, with venomous thoughts chasing themselves backwards and forwards across his mind, he barely felt the blows that rained down on him. The beating stopped. The scholar remained hunched, listening to the men squabbling above him, then got another kick and a cuff before being left alone in the gathering night. The scholar was relieved it happened in shadow; he guessed if he’d been recognised he would've had to fight for his life.
He stayed crouched for some minutes to be sure the men had gone. He rose a little shakily. He knew his beating would raise little comment in a city the size of Ortok, because it seemed tacitly accepted there would be heightened tensions and roughness over the days of Choice. With a touch of mental asperity, the scholar decided he wasn't cut out for this sort of rough and tumble. He'd never willingly hurt another living creature on any plane. Gratuitous violence was abhorrent to him. So it came as a shock, therefore, that he felt a grim resolve to punish the two young men for such an unprovoked assault. Had the scholar been an old man, the beating could have killed him. As he stood there, contemplating what he'd enjoy doing to the two men, his sense of caution and proportion returned and he knew, without further thought, he'd do nothing. A mage used his powers, in protection of himself or another, only as a last resort.
He started along the lane at a fairly quick pace. There was no one around so his appearance, old or otherwise, was of no moment. A decision to jog had two advantages; it helped restore the scholar's mental equilibrium and it meant he could keep the two men in view because the lane now curved.
It didn't take the scholar long to catch up with them. They strode briskly and laughed heartily over the old man. This time the scholar slipped behind trees and shrubs. He moved as silently as a shadow. He realised the men had reached the common, making it an easy matter to follow them as he lurked behind tents, lines of washing strung between bushes and behind spindly trees.
The men seemed to know where they were going, though they took a circuitous route. The scholar kept his distance. He flitted from refuge to refuge, until the two men stopped abruptly and looked about. The scholar peered out. He saw Bruno step forward. He was ungently flanked and then roughly frog-marched to an adjoining tent.
The scholar crept to the rear of the tent, conscious of all the people who were around and because it was only early in the evening, there was a restless ripple across the common from both animals and humans. The scholar crouched, sandwiched between discarded chests and vegetable peelings. He smelled other refuse but had no desire to know what it was. Murmurs of voices carried on the breeze that usually sprang up at this time of the day in the summer season.
At first, the scholar could hear little except a faint honking that came closer and to his chagrin found himself confronting irritable and unfriendly hrax. After being clacked at warningly, twice, the scholar reluctantly uncramped himself, moving with a curse to the more exposed side of the tent. From where he was, he could see the open flap and realised, with a surge of crossness, that his ineptitude had cost him precious moments. Projecting his hearing, he managed to pick up some of the conversation.
"As you say, you have your son, but you forget we have control of him. We have just visited him to ensure his obedience. He will not fail." The tone was distinctly threatening.
"You know well what we can still do to him," came the second voice, very deep and cold.
"I need to know what those men did to my boy. You must tell me." Bruno's voice was tense and anxious.
"Be content, fool," came the sneering answer. "The boy is programmed to act at the appropriate time. It has nothing to do with you."
"Nothing to do with me? He's my -." Choked gasps cut Bruno short.
The scholar missed the words that followed, because all he could hear was laughter from the two men. There was the sound of a foot scuffing the ground, then a long silence before he heard Bruno speak in a shaken voice.
"I've said I'll marry the woman."
"Wise of you, "approved a still sneering voice in return. "When?"
"Choice is in three days. It'll be then."
"We shall stay until we see you have obeyed. It will please my lord that you had the sense to do what you were instructed."
The scholar heard a brief scuffle. The sounds he heard from the tent made the scholar feel suddenly quite sick when he thought of the slender blond boy so abused. Already nauseous from the beating, the scholar bent his head between his knees. When he looked up, wiping a hand across his mouth, he saw movement at the tent entrance and the two men appeared, grinning hugely. He hastily retreated backwards behind a large and prickly bush, to watch the two dark figures stroll in a leisurely way towards the main square.
The scholar faced a dilemma. Should he comfort Bruno, or pursue the two men? He sat. He abruptly forced himself to face unpalatable facts. He had to accept that he now had to act in a way he'd never done before. He felt it was a perversion of his learning and all he taught, but he knew, without doubt, that these men constituted a serious threat to Myme Chlo, nor could they be allowed to return from whence they came. He no longer had any choice of action. Thinking of that, he didn't enjoy the irony. With a weary sigh, the scholar clambered to his feet, and, at a discreet distance, trailed the men.
~~~
Choice was now only a day away. The "Canal" inn was full of people, noise and argument. There had been two knifings at this inn within the last ten days, so no one, the scholar decided, would be surprised by any more violence should the two blond men make an obliging appearance. As the inn was nearest to the common, he hoped he'd made the right choice of venue. He'd no inclination to search Ortok for two large blond men.
Groups stood about. Other folk pushed and shoved, while others cluttered tables or lounged against walls. Several men played an erratic game of darts, but continually disputed any move made by an opponent. It had the elements of farce, the scholar thought, as his eyes travelled to a small group who played multiple casta and moved drunkenly, with much mirth, from seat to seat. The innkeeper was in his element. Custom had never been so good, and the patrons, as far as he was concerned, could kick up their heels however they wanted.
Tankards were filled and emptied at regular intervals. Several burly canalmen were busily intent on drinking themselves, and anyone else they could inveigle to join them, under the table. Josh, the innkeeper, eyed them in amusement. He was a stout man with wild, grizzled grey hair and keen, discerning eyes. His stern features were softened by the lush salt and pepper beard that stood out at angles from his jowls.
Josh idly chewed on the end of his beard, his head turned to listen to a trio of bargees talk seriously among themselves and noticed they'd been joined by the scholar who smiled over at him, miming his need of a tankard. Josh obliged. The scholar moved across to him with a word of thanks and a deeper grin. Since it was summer and the fire wasn't lit, the scholar could prop himself against the mantelpiece and listen.
"It's true," one bargee was saying, wiping his mouth on his cuff.
"How can Thad know that?" argued a second bargee, stretching along the bar to a bowl full of nuts roasted in honey.
"He used to be on the merchant trains until they stopped."
"And you reckon," scoffed the first bargee, "that they stopped because of fighting down south?"
"Well," mumbled the third bargee. "They say trade has near stopped because of what's happened in Dakhilah and the lowlands south of there." The bargee hefted his tankard thoughtfully. The scholar began to look interested, but made no comment.
"Go on then," said the second bargee impatiently. "What's been going on down south?"
"Unpleasant things," murmured the first bargee, taking a very long draught. His friends studied him, their heads tilted enquiringly.
"What might they be?" asked the scholar.
"Things that make me uneasy and wanting to move north," muttered the bargee. He looked up at the scholar. "You look a learned man. Do you know anything about warriors called Churchiks?" The scholar let his face go blank before it could register both his astonishment and concern. He knew dawning horrified comprehension. He seemed to consider, then slowly shook his head.
"Can't say as I do," he replied ruminatively, a hand stroking his whiskers. The bargee looked disappointed.
"From what I hear," he argued, "there's an army of them under one leader and they've taken over the south - all the lowlands, so I hear. Do you ever get lowland wine these days?" There were disgruntled comments, but no one challenged him. "We used to get it coming up through the Dakhilah Pass, didn't we?"
"Aye," agreed the second bargee, looking hard at his companion.
"Just what are you saying, Rond?" asked the fourth bargee, holding out his tankard to Josh for a refill.
"I'm saying that the merchant trains have stopped coming, because Dakhilah's been invaded by these Churchik. That's what I heard and that's what I believe." Rond took a long swig. "Anyone hear from Dakhilah now?" Heads were shaken and looks exchanged. "Anyone in regular contact with Norsham these days?" There were more shakes of heads. Rond began mumbling to himself.
"What else do you hear, Rond?" Rond was getting very drunk.
"Just," he said thickly, "that these warriors are killers and very cruel. I won't be surprised to hear they're already through Dakhilah and headed north." He lurched against the bar and gave a hiccup.
The scholar listened to the ensuing argument with both amusement and curiosity, thinking to himself that Rond was farsighted enough to be a survivor. He hoped that was so. He leaned back casually, letting his breath out slowly while he cudgelled his brain over the name Churchik. It was so tantalisingly familiar. He was mulling over thoughts of warriors from the south, when he casually turned his head to see Josh serve a new customer.
The customer was a very large blond, with a reddish beard and the keenest, most unnervingly icy blue eyes the scholar had seen in a very long time. Sudden thoughts jostled wildly in the scholar's mind as he began to link what he'd just heard with Bruno's tormentors – they’d beaten him and terrified children. He knew clearly that he stared at a Churchik warrior. He felt a shiver catch him. That the warrior was listening to the talk was apparent from the sardonic amusement he saw on the man's face.
"Your wish, traveller?" asked Josh, not enjoying the sneer he got.
"A tankard of your best," replied the blond man. "And one for my friend at the end of the bar, over there, see?"
He pointed to another huge man who was slouched against the bar and pulled at an even redder beard. The scholar eyed them for a moment, then turned away. He didn’t wish to be recognised. He noticed how they listened to the conversation with contemptuous smiles. The scholar knew, without doubt, who the men were, but what he most wanted to know was why southern warriors should be concerned with Myme Chlo. That he simply had to discover by one means or another. Josh handed tankards to the first warrior who handed over coins and wandered along to his friend. Then both men lounged casually to the far end of the bar, beginning to converse in a genial, though guttural way, with the bargees. Josh still stared at them, a puzzled expression on his face. He heard himself addressed.
"Josh - a fine night for a drink."
Josh swung round and when he saw it was the scholar, he smiled. The scholar now lounged on the bar as negligently as the strangers. Standing upright instead of being a stooped old man, he looked his usual gaunt and amiable self, though whether the warriors would recognise him from their first very brief encounter was dubious. He was even taller, Josh noticed, than the blonds.
"Your usual again, Scholar?" he suggested, relieving the scholar of his tankard and filling it quickly. "Were you in here earlier, by the way?"
"No," replied the scholar imperturbably. "I've been meandering around stalls."
"Do you recommend anything?" asked Josh chattily, as he served another customer.
"Tarl meat cooked in oil and spices," answered the scholar. "Two blocks from here on your left, the fourth booth past the jugglers." Josh laughed, then nodded towards the strangers.
"Ever seen the likes of them before?" he asked, his voice almost a whisper.
"No, I can't say I have," was the response. "They're certainly not northmen with those blond heads."
"Or east or west," murmured Josh, clearly uneasy. "I wonder who or what they are?"
"I wouldn't query that if I were you," advised the scholar, drinking deeply.
"Know something I don't, Scholar?"
"No," replied the scholar, with a grin. "They just look rather large and very fierce to me."
"Me and all," agreed Josh, lapsing into thoughtful silence.
"Think I'll take a seat over at that far table by the door, Josh. Could you just give this a top?"
As Josh obliged, the scholar looked over at the two men meditatively, then he took his tankard and quietly withdrew from the bar. He sat at some distance from the warriors. He watched and listened for some time. His tankard remained half-full, even as he watched both the bargees and the warriors steadily refill their tankards at regular and frequent intervals. As the evening became well advanced, it was obvious the bargees weren't holding their drink well. The warriors' eyes glittered. That was the only indication they'd been imbibing heavily; it was apparent they were accustomed to easily holding alcohol. And the scholar quietly waited.
His patience was rewarded when, a few hours later, a fracas broke out between the bargees and the warriors. A serving girl, no more than a child, was caught in the arms of one of the southerners who handled her very roughly. The girl was scared. She tried unsuccessfully to push the man's hand away, but he just laughed and deliberately fondled her, then, when held helpless, she began to cry. This instantly provoked the bargees.
The scholar decided it was the ideal moment to do something constructive. When two of the bargees began to take swings at the warriors, the serving girl was rudely flung halfway across the room and fell whimpering to her knees before she had the presence of mind to crawl to safety. While the two warriors were preoccupied and off-guard, the scholar knew he had to act. They wouldn't expect a mental adjustment in a city inn in Ortok.
The scholar projected different thoughts into each warrior mind simultaneously and with considerable power. The first warrior, whom the scholar now knew was named Erek, swung round to face his friend, Amus. Erek abruptly released a bargee he held in a headlock and brushed aside the other bargees as if they were insects. He advanced upon Amus who'd tossed his flagon to the floor and already advanced on him. This was a delicate moment. The scholar wanted no interruptions. Loath as he was to tamper with minds, nonetheless, he sent a peremptory and direct mental command to each of the bargees to back away. Looking bewildered, they did.
This left two powerful men confronting each other. Each suddenly, if oddly, believed the other had claims on the serving girl and each was uncompromisingly determined to fight for what he considered should be his. As he watched a knife drawn from each warrior sleeve, the scholar realised he couldn't have chosen a better scenario. The knives were long and thin. They were wickedly sharp, with beautifully carved hilts. The onlookers drew in sharp breaths. No one admired the hilts, because their eyes were fixed on each man waving a knife at the other with deadly intent.
The warriors circled each other. The other drinkers and revellers backed to give them room. Erek kicked out at a chair that crashed into the bar and promptly splintered. Flagons and tankards were dropped as some patrons left the inn in haste. The scholar, watching the warriors closely, saw the menace in each man and realised how terrifyingly formidable an army of such men would be. Pushing that unwelcome thought to one side, he concentrated on sustaining his mental projections. Josh looked as if he would intervene but a quick glance at the scholar made him change his mind and he turned instead to the serving girl, helping her get behind the bar.
The crouching, then the springing to fence with one another, went on between the warriors for a long time, one never managing to touch the other. First one would stab and then the other. It was a question of whose concentration showed a chink first, because they were evenly matched. The scholar could only admire the discipline and stamina of them both. When the scholar's projection briefly wavered, recognition flickered in Erek's eyes.
He faltered back a step, fleetingly recognised Amus, and instantly put up a hand to ward off his friend. His lips framed words of warning and alarm. His knife hand dropped to his side. With the scholar's control still firmly in place in his mind, Amus was too intent on what he was doing to notice. As Erek hesitated, Amus lunged, his knife plunging straight into Erek's heart. Yanking the knife out viciously, Amus held it above his head, a smile curling his mouth. Erek's head reared up. His eyes darkened with shock, disbelief and rage.
"Come with me," he gasped, through clenched teeth.
As Erek fell, he struck upwards with his knife catching Amus who now exultantly bent over him. His thrust went home. As Amus locked eyes with Erek, the scholar snapped his mind connection with them both. Amus went to his knees. He held his ribcage and breathed raggedly. Erek's lips were blue. He lay partly on his side and he could scarcely speak, choking as he tried to say something to Amus.
"Someone," he managed, on a gasp," - power. Who is it?"
Amus was white-lipped and ready to fall. Looking up through blurred eyes, he saw the scholar stare intently at him from the other side of the room. Amus' pain-filled eyes showed incredulity. His face contorted, his knees buckled and as he slumped to the floor there was a fresh welling of blood between his fingers. At that moment, he realised the seriousness of his wound. His grimace of pain froze. He crawled to be alongside Erek.
"Erek," he whispered. He pulled at his friend's arm. The arm fell limply. "For the love and respect of your father, speak to me." Amus' breathing became more ragged. He turned his head towards the bargees.
"You -." His voice was breathless. "Drink!" He bent his head.
It was the scholar who broke the frozen tableau. He strode forward unconcernedly, saying coolly, "Lamentable, absolutely lamentable. Josh, some wine and some cloths. Go you," he added gently to the serving girl who stared down at the two warriors, her hand over her mouth. "Get yourself something to drink, child."
The bargees talked and gesticulated wildly, every so often turning to look down at Erek's body. The warrior's eyes were wide and stared with a malevolence that was frightening. His hands were tightly clenched. Amus was still draped over his friend, his head hanging with the blond curls stuck damply to his forehead, his hands still clasped round the knife stuck in his ribs. The scholar could see the man's lips move as he muttered to himself. The scholar knelt beside him. He lifted the limply hanging head.
The warrior's pale blue eyes met the scholar's, a look that held for a long minute even though the warrior struggled weakly to break the contact by trying to lower his head. He gave a weak cry and a defiant shake of his head before pulling free of the scholar's hand. He crouched, panting with effort. His eyes again unwillingly meeting the scholar’s, he let the man raise a goblet to his mouth but swallowed with difficulty because blood seeped from the corner of his mouth. The scholar spoke to him so softly the warrior had to tilt his head to hear.
"It's too late. I've absorbed all I wish to know." Wrenching the knife round in his ribcage, Amus gave the scholar a venomous look.
"Damn you," he whispered faintly, then again more strongly, "Damn you." With a sharp cry, he wrenched the knife again. He fell across the scholar's feet.
"Messy," announced the scholar. "Will someone take over here?" The inn buzzed with speculation and comment, not a few people crossing themselves surreptitiously. The scholar, finding Josh standing next to him, looked down enquiringly. "I did warn you to keep away, didn't I?" The scholar's voice sounded faintly amused.
"Well, yes," concurred Josh, eying the scholar speculatively. "But this! Just look at them! What on Ambros came over them to make them turn on each other?"
"Jealousy, I suppose," suggested the scholar. He took his pipe from a pocket. "That shows the power of a girl over young men."
"If that's your story, Scholar, I'll follow it," Josh said quietly, still staring up at the scholar, respect deep in his eyes.
"Sensible of you," smiled the scholar. He lounged back to a seat and stretched his long frame comfortably. When Josh stood beside him uncertainly, the scholar waved him away.
The subsequent investigation shed no light on who the men were, or the immediate cause of the fight, though it became generally accepted that jealousy had much to do with it. When the scholar was rigorously questioned, he was vague, saying he'd noticed little until near the end of the fight. Asked what he'd said to Amus, the scholar merely looked surprised.
"I offered the poor man a drink. He asked for one." When asked if the man had said anything else to him, the scholar smiled and said blandly, "He asked for a drink - what else was I to do? The man had a knife in him." When asked if he knew where the men were from, he shrugged indifferently, saying, "Southerners, by their colouring."
There were headshakes all round and the deaths were topical for a day or two. Then strangely, everyone seemed to forget most of what had happened, recollection being only of the haziest: Josh's memory was vaguest of all.
~~~
The scholar was deeply troubled by his actions even as he accepted the necessity that prompted them. He foresaw serious troubles ahead. These were put into frightening perspective by what he gleaned from Amus' mind, and they disturbed him so much he retreated into his study for a day, refusing to speak with anyone. Laras brought him food that she placed carefully on a side table. She made no effort to communicate, especially after she looked into the scholar's eyes that were so full of sadness and desolation she couldn't comprehend it.
Though the scholar could see what would confront Ortok he was aware he could do nothing for the people with whom he'd lived for cycles. His actions were tied to Myme Chlo. He recognised, with a sense of haunting grief, that he may not even be able to help her siblings. He found no comfort in his thoughts. Coldness enveloped him as the hours passed. Laras found him sprawled in a chair, in a restless doze, at an early hour of the morning.
~~~
The evening before Choice, the scholar found himself on the far edge of the common. He was in a copse of silver carth, golden fluffy-leaved manus and the drooping syrup trees with their distinctive lacy foliage that turned deep scarlet in autumn. He wandered past amorous couples and bored children playing hide and seek round the trees. It had got truly dark by the time the scholar came to the periphery of the common. From there he could see the city lit by multiple lights, swinging lanterns, oil lamps and even flickering candles. Brightest of all were the communal fires lit all across the common, heaped into blazes by children and adults alike where dancers cavorted around these huge fires, their elongated shadows capering beside them.
There was music too, from drums, pipes and horns, to small harps. They were played separately and together, groups singing lustily in accompaniment. It was a scene of happiness and contentment, but it brought a cold shiver to the scholar as he stood there, alone, for long moments, a thin hand running down his beard. He looked reflectively to the lights of the city. They lighted all the lanes, the squares and markets - even encompassing the huge common and beyond that to the nearest canals. It looked neat and welcoming, but still the scholar stood quietly. He found it difficult to believe that not long ago, two southern strangers, intent on mischief, killed each other at his instigation. His nerves unusually taut, the scholar began the slow process of making his way across the common.
He sought out an inn in the business quarter. Once he managed to push his way into the bar, he had a long patient wait because the room was full of patrons. He was finally directed to the merchant's room, went through a door, along a passage and up two flights of stairs, to knock on the third door along the landing. Getting no response, the scholar quietly entered the room, stooping to avoid cracking his head on the lintel.
His eyes went to the man stretched out on his back, his breathing deep and regular. The scholar went over to the bed and in the half-light from an outside lantern could see Bruno had a bruised throat and the back of his wrists were likewise marked where the men had held him down. The scholar moved over to a chair. He sat waiting, looking up when Bruno snuffled, then twitched, before dozing again. The scholar wasn't aware Bruno had wakened until a deep and decidedly nervous voice spoke.
"Who is it? Lian lad, is that you?"
"It's your friend, Scholar." Bruno came quickly to his senses. He stumbled to his feet. "Do you have any light in here?" continued the scholar matter-of-factly. "That way you'll be able to see me." He could dimly see Bruno rub his hand across his throat and head.
"Scholar?" he asked, in a thick voice. Bruno crossed the room. He stooped close to the scholar and lifted a lantern that he passed over with a shaking hand. "I've been a bit heavy on the wine," he admitted, sitting back on the bed with a yawn. "What can I do for you, Scholar?"
The scholar lit the lantern. Within seconds there was a soft light thrown around the room. The scholar hadn't moved.
"I came to see if you were hurt," he said calmly.
Bruno gave the scholar a steady look, saying quietly, "You know more than people think, don't you?" The scholar looked back at the merchant, a smile in his eyes.
"I know the two men who died in the inn came to you and probably to your son." Bruno put his hand to his throat in an unconscious gesture. He was clearly nervous. "Were they here to ensure your obedience?" Bruno nodded. He got to his feet and looked around him. "They're dead now, Bruno, so -." The scholar left the sentence unfinished.
"They may be," replied Bruno, "but others will follow."
Bruno was a very large man, so the note of fear in his voice seemed an odd contrast. He found what he sought. He held out two goblets to the scholar who looked him over critically.
"You do look the worse for wear," he remarked.
Bruno put his head down, saying softly, "You don't want to know, Scholar. It's something those men enjoy. We don't. I'm doing this for my son."
He delved into a recessed cupboard as he spoke and came upright clutching a wineskin, a grin replacing the anxious tension on his face. The scholar placed the glasses in easy reach so that Bruno could fill them. He did generously.
"Your health, Scholar," he saluted, raising his glass.
"To you and to Melas tomorrow," responded the scholar amiably, sipping thoughtfully. He began to smile broadly as he took another sip. "My friend, where does this very fine wine hail from?" Bruno laughed, a relaxed laugh such as the scholar hadn't heard before. His blue eyes twinkled most engagingly.
"Connoisseur are we, Scholar?" Bruno teased.
"This is excellent - a Mellillan fine?"
"Indeed it is," beamed Bruno. "I perceive you're a man of taste. I got it as an exchange for some trading I did, a long time ago it seems now, in Dakhilah. You enjoy your wines, Scholar?"
"Indeed I do, if I can get them," chuckled the scholar, lounging against the trunk pushed hard up behind the backless chair he was ensconced upon. "You've lived the life, haven't you?" Bruno stared into his glass.
"Oh, aye, at times," he replied thoughtfully. "Being away so much was hard on my wife, but aye, life was good."
"And now?"
"A new life, with a new wife and children; a new town." The scholar looked over at the merchant, sure he heard an almost imperceptible sigh. Bruno's head was lowered and his shoulders slumped a little. The man looked tired and dispirited.
"Tell me about your wife," suggested the scholar encouragingly.
Bruno's head lifted at the invitation and he looked directly back at the scholar. While he talked, haltingly at first, the scholar again slipped into the merchant's mind. He endured the pain and humiliation inflicted on Bruno by the warriors and eased the man's anxiety as best he could, quickly withdrawing and wishing he could reverse the damage done to Bruno's mind. Sadly, he knew that wasn't appropriate.
The lantern was dimmed to a fitful flicker by the time the scholar and the merchant finished the wine. Bruno lounged pensively on the bed, but he looked up with a smile when the scholar rose unsteadily.
"Want to tell me about your life, Scholar?" he asked quizzically.
"Mine lacks the tapestry richness of your experiences, my friend," responded the scholar, a faint tinge of regret in his voice. Bruno rose and clasped an arm about the scholar's shoulders so he could escort him to the top of the stairs.
As the scholar wandered home in the pleasantly relaxed manner of one who has spent a convivial evening with friends, his main misgivings centred on Lian. Weaving his way through the revellers, the carnival atmosphere began to have an effect on him and he decided to fetch Laras.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Lodestok prowled up and down one of the main roads that led north from Norsham, his stride impatient and his expression thunderous. He'd been stalking up and down this road off and on for some days so anyone with any sense kept well distant. His eyes blazed with barely restrained anger. As he scuffed a booted foot against a piece of protruding cobblestone, he heard someone call him from behind and turned to stride briskly towards the man who called him. They met at a junction between three streets. The warlord selected the nearest mile marker and sat on it, then looked the young warrior over in a brooding and irritable way.
"Well?" he demanded in his curt, clipped voice. "Any news?"
Sarssen looked decidedly apprehensive, his head lowered as he answered, "Not really, my lord."
"That is a little vague, boy, is it not?" Sarssen stared at the dirt, one booted foot nervously scraping the ground.
"No one," he began, then he coughed before resuming, "knows anything about them, my lord. They seem to have disappeared."
"Nonsense," snapped Lodestok, impatiently
"We have been waiting as you instructed, my lord."
Sarssen looked as if he wished himself anywhere but where he was. Even though he was as tall as Lodestok and was both big-boned and broad of shoulder, he still looked a stripling beside the warlord. The scar on the young man's face had faded to an almost invisible thin line that ran from his eye to his ear, the lower part obscured by an ash-blond beard. As a warrior, he responded to the title of Acedar, gained through achievements in battle some time before. Lodestok stood, smouldering anger in the set of his shoulders. He glanced at Sarssen, his eyes cold.
"They cannot just disappear, boy. That is ludicrous." Tactfully, Sarssen said nothing. "Has Bensar used seekers to find them?"
"Yes, my lord, he has."
"Well, what of them?" Lodestok had turned from the acedar, but now he faced Sarssen and his voice was a harshly menacing threat. Sarssen stood very still.
"They came back with nothing, my lord." Lodestok sucked in his breath.
"Nothing at all?" he demanded.
"No, my lord."
Sarssen waited for the explosion of anger, his eyes flickering to the whip the warlord fingered most suggestively, and, at the same time, he heard breath hiss in and out ominously while the warlord struggled with fury. Lodestok, though, didn't raise his hand to the acedar as might've been expected. When he spoke, the warlord's voice was very quiet.
"I ask seekers to find two beduars. They seemingly cannot be found. They were sent ahead to check on progress in Ortok. Why can we not find them? It seems a simple matter to me." Sarssen cleared his throat.
"I do not know more, my lord. Haskar Bensar did not further enlighten me." The acedar stared at his feet again, so he missed the long look the warlord gave him.
"Go and find Bensar for me, boy." Lodestok's voice was even softer than before. "He has explaining to do."
As he spoke, the warlord rose gracefully and watched Sarssen bow respectfully before turning. A hand of steel gripped the young warrior's wrist. Sarssen made no attempt to move even though the hold was extremely painful and the warlord's voice was so soft, the acedar flinched.
"Never, boy, bring me news such as that if you value your life." Sarssen saw Lodestok's free hand caress his knife belt. He sweated.
"No, my lord."
"Who sent you?"
"Haskar Alleghy, my lord." An unpleasant smile curled the warlord's mouth.
"Did he so?" He released his grip on the young man's wrist and gave him a sharp shove. "Go, boy, and send Bensar to me."
Sarssen needed no second bidding. He left at a run. Lodestok stood watching him go, a deep frown between his brows as he pondered why Alleghy had sent him the boy with such bad news. The haskar was well aware how likely it was the warlord would turn upon the messenger of ill tidings and maul him. Lodestok pursed his lips and waited.
Bensar pounced on Sarssen the moment he saw him.
"Well, boy?" Sarssen looked into the haskar's pale blue eyes, to find them as cold and dispassionate as they usually were.
"He wants you, my lord," he answered baldly. "And he is displeased."
"Gods," muttered Bensar. "Why did Alleghy send you?"
"Perhaps he hoped I would be chastised," responded Sarssen, unconsciously touching his cheek. "He thinks I am too much in the warlord's favour. So does Haskar Correc."
Bensar regarded the acedar with surprising tolerance, asking, "And are you?"
Sarssen smiled in his resigned way, saying tentatively, "I did not think so, my lord. Quite the reverse."
"Because he sees you less often, boy, does not mean he cares less," Bensar said softly. "He constantly follows your progress." Sarssen's head came up with a grin. It earned him a hard cuff. "Get to your business, boy," he was advised. "Where is the warlord?"
Sarssen explained, then backed hastily away before Bensar had the urge to chastise him further.
Bensar found Lodestok in a black humour. Recognising the signs from some distance, Bensar found he too sweated because the warlord was too restrained, the voice threateningly gentle. Bensar knew unpredictability when he saw it.
"Have you more to tell me?" the warlord called out, catching sight of Bensar who hastened towards him. Bensar was short of breath. He accepted the steady glittering look he received without flinching.
"A little, my lord. There is something very strange about all this."
"Get on with it." Bensar breathed deeply.
"My lord, the seekers found traces that Erek and Amus were in Ortok. Well," he amended, "we think they were the two men. We can only be sure if we know no other warriors were sent earlier or later." Bensar took a step back when Lodestok advanced on him, the warlord's lips drawn back in a snarl. "My lord - hear me out, I beg of you." The warlord stood still, eying Bensar malevolently.
"Go on!"
"The seekers had to rely on reading local minds. They are very hazy and gave no names to two warriors who were in Ortok. The seekers read that apparently two men, who answer the descriptions of Erek and Amus, did arrive some time before some celebration called Choice. They did read that these men were seen with a merchant called Bruno."
"Ah," smiled Lodestok. "Success at last. They met the new husband. And then?" Bensar almost quailed.
"This, my lord, is where things seemed to go wrong." He saw Lodestok's choleric eye on him and continued quickly. "The two men, presumably our warriors, got into a fight."
"What?" snarled Lodestok. His eyes blazed.
"It seems unlikely, my lord, but this is what the seekers told me they guessed from the very vague outline they received."
"And?"
"They fought each other. Both died." Bensar's voice dropped. He looked acutely uncomfortable when he saw the warlord half draw a knife from his waist belt sheath. Lodestok appeared to look through his second-in-command.
"Why were they fighting?" he asked.
"My lord, I can not explain why -."
"Why?" interrupted the soft voice again.
"The seekers said it was over an inn girl." Lodestok's breath hissed out. He turned briefly to look away, then turned back.
"Do you know how close to death you are?" he murmured to himself. Bensar stood very straight, his head bent.
"Yes, my lord, I do."
"Yes, I think you do," the soft voice went on. "While you still have breath, Bensar, explain to me why two of our younger warriors, both highly disciplined, should brawl over a girl. And an inn girl of inferior race at that." Bensar passed a hand over his beard.
"Could there have been a mind user?" he asked, almost without thinking. "Only that would explain behaviour so out of character." The warlord looked at him with a grim smile.
"You have reprieved yourself, Bensar. I almost think you may be correct. Was there any evidence of mind tampering?"
"I asked the seekers that, my lord, but they said, apart from universal haziness of memory, they found nothing unusual. The minds were easy to read."
"That does not mean it was not done though, does it, and by a most skilled practitioner?" mused the warlord.
"No, my lord."
"You may go, Bensar." As Bensar turned, he was forestalled by the warlord asking gently, "Why think you, would Alleghy send the boy to me with bad news?"
Bensar looked back, saying quietly, "Perhaps he thought the boy needed a reminder of his status, my lord."
"I see." The warlord stared ahead for a moment before speaking again. "Give Alleghy a reminder of his, would you, Bensar, and make sure he remembers it."
Bensar glanced at the uncompromising profile and muttered, "Yes, my lord."
~~~
Lodestok stared into the distance for a long time before he finally turned and walked back to the centre of the city. Norsham had once been a proud and attractive city-state but now it looked sad and forlorn, damaged irreparably by war. Tall, graceful buildings with colonnades and courtyards had been commandeered by senior warriors and their men. Many houses, shops and warehouses had been plundered then torched in the initial assault. There were gaping shells of ruined buildings everywhere, more destroyed than left intact. The warlord was thorough when he ordered the sack of a city.
Once fine cobbled streets and avenues were filthy. Even the elegant civic buildings and basilicas were torched, their ruins used as doss-houses for mercenaries, while the populace was ruthlessly slaughtered or enslaved in the true deep southern tradition of victor over vanquished. Caravans plying their way south every week carried slaves and looted riches. Lodestok had spared some slaves from the caravans; they were kept back to work in the few fields left that were necessary to serve the immediate needs of the army. Later, the fields would be fired.
As the warlord strode purposefully along, he felt he had dealt satisfactorily with Norsham, that there'd be no problem left behind when he moved north and no hope of rebellion. Norsham had ceased to exist. Approaching side streets and alleys, the warlord didn't notice how quickly they emptied where minutes before pale and wretched faces peered out through broken or collapsed masonry. He would've ignored them. Mostly there was brooding silence.
He didn't, at first, see a small creature that hovered discreetly not far from him at any one time. Then, he wasn’t sure why, he became aware of it. It hadn't done anything in particular. He noticed, as he irritably and halfheartedly tried to boot it, that it was a small furry creature. He didn't, though, notice the little creature dematerialise and reappear several yards ahead and to the side of him. As the warlord turned a corner and began a slow, gentle climb towards a large edifice, the furred creature paused behind him, meditatively licked a paw, then vanished.
Lodestok entered what was the main defensive position of Norsham. The solidly constructed building was no fortress and had been badly battered in the attack, but parts of it still stood intact. It was here the fiercest fighting and slaughter had taken place because it was the last retreat for Norshamis, the most militarily minded of the non-warlike Samar people that made up the Confederation.
The wall was breached in many places and the gate shattered, but the defence headquarters, though over-run and fired in the heat of battle, were mostly usable by southern garrisons. The southeast bridge had been hastily reconstructed for the constant comings and goings of Lodestok's senior warriors with necessary equipment. Lodestok's men manned the remains of the outer watchtower, even if militarily there was no necessity for it.
The warlord stared hard at men as he sauntered past the burned out hulk that had been a basilica. He crossed the outer court. Men saw him coming and sweated, unease on their features, while slaves continued to slog in the stables and the armourer's smithy.
He stalked up the steep flight of steps to the main stronghold. It was here he'd enjoyed the slow execution of the Dojon of Norsham, the leading citizen, in seasons past. On the third landing, he turned sharply left. He entered what'd once been the Dojon's private quarters, and it was here the warlord permitted himself a self-indulgent smile, for the bed hung with silk always amused him. Fully clad, he flung himself onto it, his legs crossed and his arms under his head.
He thought deeply about the incident in Ortok. The more he considered it, the less he liked it. He now felt impelled to move north as soon as possible, especially if there was a mind user in the city ahead. If that was so, then Blach's plans for the girl could be in jeopardy. The warlord was unprepared to accept that.
He frowned. He went over the conversation he'd had with Bensar, finding it of some consolation that the seekers no longer sensed a mind user in Ortok. That suggested there was no special guard placed over the girl now, which was another reason for an immediate northwards push, but then a less comfortable thought came into the warlord's mind. Why had the seekers sensed no little girl at all? If someone could protect her from seekers, then, Lodestok reflected viciously, that person had to be a mind user of some power. And then he thought of his warriors. His fingers curled in wordless fury.
Restlessly, Lodestok got to his feet and began to prowl to and fro, his temper worsening by the minute. In the vile mood he was in, it boded ill for whoever his fancy lighted on. No one made any comment on Sarssen's battered appearance the next morning, Lodestok's callousness and brutality well understood by every man.
The warlord, however, woke in a benevolent mood. Most would have agreed this was more unsettling than his vicious tempers. With his giant strides he ran down the stairs, three at a time, to the kitchens. Men responded promptly to any overture he made. He threw an order at a slave he roughly grasped by the shoulder and then lounged over to one of several trestle tables set up with benches, to await food. When he was served he ate ravenously, cleaning his bowl vigorously with bread, and then, contented, he leaned on his elbows, a tankard warm in his hands. His eyes scanned the hall to settle on Bensar who was further down the table. Tankard in hand, Lodestok sauntered over to him. Bensar was on his feet immediately.
"My lord," he said courteously. Lodestok considered him, yawned, and took a long drink from the tankard.
"We move in five days. There are smaller city-states between us and Ortok. I want no delay getting there. It will take us a while as it is," he said quietly. Bensar stared at him blankly.
"My lord?"
"Wake up, man," responded the warlord, with a touch of irritation. "We move north when I say. Set up a garrison to remain here and organise all surplus slaves into caravans. I want them moving out as we leave. Do I make myself clear?" Bensar stood erect and motionless.
"Yes, my lord."
"Then do it," drawled the warlord, smiling amiably at his second before he turned away.
Bensar was left wondering how he could get such a huge army moving at such short notice, let alone have slave caravans organised. Some men saw him curse under his breath.
The warlord was about to leave the kitchens when he saw a figure finish eating a bowl of porridge dripping with honey, then clasp an enormous mug for warmth. The young warrior sat stiffly. He became conscious of Lodestok's scrutiny and turned his head to respond to it. The warlord eyed him consideringly. Sarssen smiled, the smile a little strained Lodestok thought as he continued to study the young man.
The warlord couldn't fully understand his response to this young warrior. Sarssen was a fine-looking man, with his silky youthful beard and the long silvery blond mane, plaited in the Churchik queue. Lodestok kept the warrior close to him, though the young man trained and fought directly under Bensar, and though the latter never praised Sarssen directly, he had complimentary comments to make to his master. Sarssen was an excellent warrior. Men placed under him treated him with respect.
Sarssen was now nineteen cycles and he'd so far survived, even if the price he'd been forced to pay was very high. Many others hadn't. Perhaps the reason he was still alive, was Sarssen never forgot the lessons of life he was taught.
"Here, boy," Lodestok called, clicking his fingers imperatively.
Sarssen stopped fiddling with his mug and crossed to the warlord, graceful as Lodestok noticed he always was. The warlord frowned at him. His stare took in a bruise and a cut on Sarssen's right cheek.
"Did I give you that?" Lodestok turned Sarssen's head to the light.
"It is nothing, my lord," murmured Sarssen.
"That is not your only bruising," commented Lodestok wryly, letting go the blond head. Sarssen made no reply. Nor did he see the glint in the warlord's eyes. "You are loyal enough, boy. I make no complaint. Can you ride?"
"I shall manage, my lord." When he spoke, a chuckle escaped Sarssen. He added, "I have done so often before." Lodestok laughed at him, gave him a playful shake and strode towards the entrance. There he halted. He turned back.
"A message for the haskar." Sarssen looked up, surprised.
"Yes, my lord?"
"Tell him I want that face of yours attended to before I see you this evening, boy." On that rider, the warlord was gone, leaving Sarssen to hastily follow.


CHAPTER NINETEEN

The morning of Choice dawned very warm and clear. Ortok was in merry mood; lanes were decorated with bunting that hung from tree to tree and houses were adorned with garlands of berries and masses of tiny clusters of blossom. Wreaths were on nearly every door, made mostly of tock that was the plant symbolising fertility, while baskets of the same hung from every verandah. Windows were flung wide. There was a hum of anticipation in the air. Children, early risen, already danced round the beribboned maypoles that dotted the common. Even colourful paper lanterns were strung off lamp poles.
Different costumes from all parts of Ambros could be seen filtering into the markets and squares, the people coming in ever-increasing numbers. There were fringed jackets, boots with jangling bells, ornate caps and hats, embroidered caftans, beautifully hand-painted shirts and blouses and much jewellery that was worn by both men and women, this jewellery extravagant and unusual and mostly worn by those who came further south from Ortok. Necklaces ranged from hand carved wood, to gold and silver, all invariably intricately designed. Cloth varied too, from delicate lacework to fine leathers and silks.
By mid-morning, the crowds ebbed and flowed around the stalls in the markets. There was scarcely standing room because of the number of booths all jammed hard one against the other, so dodging and weaving was the only way to get past the dense knots of people standing at each booth. There was much jocularity and gentle humour. Children, the elderly and the frail, were all represented at Choice.
As if the activity was not frenzied enough, young folk were being organized, going to and fro, carrying huge platters of meats and giant tureens of soups, sauces and gravies. More carried dishes of vegetables or huge hollowed out bowls and gourds, full of salads soaked in a range of herb sauces or oils. Trays of loaves and spicecakes followed and so did bowls of fruit. At the same time specialty dishes were being ferried in from the stalls. Assorted aromas drew the crowds. There was standing room only. Giant urns full of liquid refreshment stood at the end of the trestles, acting like a magnet to the scholar who headed for the nearest one.
Laras had made him dress for the occasion. He looked very dashing, she thought, casting a critical and affectionate eye over him as he handed her a drink. His crimson, silk shirt had voluminous sleeves gathered into embroidered cuffs and the large lawn collar was edged with fine strawberry lace. His black skin breeches matched an ornately decorated vest that hung open, because the weather was so warm. Only the peaked cap set at a rakish angle showed that it was indeed the scholar so smartly turned out. Even his tawny hair and golden beard were trimmed.
Neither the scholar nor Laras was in any hurry. As they drew nearer to the trestles, the scholar's nose led him unerringly to a huge cask of lowland wine. They stopped in a desultory fashion at each booth they passed. He recognised panelling and gilt work as northern, paused to gently touch delicate work in gold leaf and lingered over the illuminated sheets. The latter was well known as an art at the artist guild in Ortok. The scholar wondered absently, if any of the displayed work belonged to Melas. The etching and filigree work he acknowledged as some of the finest he'd seen in many cycles.
He turned to locate Laras. He saw her arguing with a vociferous gypsy woman at a needlework booth. Approaching quietly, the scholar was confronted by a bewildering assortment of silks, laces, and embroidery; there were trimming pieces in profusion jumbled together - piping, fringes, frills, feathers and ribbons all lay tangled. The seller scowled and muttered as she cast irritated glances at Laras. The scholar started to laugh as he tucked Laras' arm in his.
"Did you see anything you wished to buy?" she asked interestedly.
"I saw some exquisite marquetry," he sighed wistfully. He broke off and pointed. "There's Lute. That means Melas can't be far away. What on earth is that boy doing?"
"Carrying a jar that's much too heavy for a lad that age," responded Laras, moving across to Luton as fast as she could.
Lute gave a heave. He managed to just get the jar on the trestle. He stood trying to get his breath, before he turned and found himself staring up at the scholar, his eyes running over the scholar's attire in disbelief. A delightful boyish grin lit his face. Laras twinkled at him.
"He does clean up well, doesn't he, Lute?" she teased. The scholar looked down at them, a smile curling his lips.
"What a cheeky pair," he commented, without rancour. He then put his hand to the boy's shoulder and turned him round. "You, boy, are looking very fine yourself. Did Melas make your clothes?" There was a long-suffering note to Lute's voice.
"Yes, we're all dressed like this, except Myme Chlo." The scholar and Laras grinned at each other and taking Luton with them, they moved forward.
It was as they imbibed more wine and the scholar smacked appreciative lips, that Lute yanked unceremoniously on his sleeve. He started, nearly spilling the wine, and looked down frowning, only to see the boy nod briefly to his left. The scholar glanced casually in that direction and saw Lian come towards them.
"Ah," was all he said.
"Our new brother," mumbled Lute quietly.
"Ah," said the scholar a second time, turning back to the stall.
"Lute," greeted Lian, gently touching the boy on the arm. Lute grinned at the older boy, but said nothing. Laras looked over to the scholar, but since he was inexplicably absorbed in something he held in his hand, she turned to Lian to invite him to join them.
"I'm a bit lost," he confessed, in his gentle and neutral voice. "I was with Myme Chlo, but she had to attend to her mother -." He hesitated and added, "our mother."
"Well then," said Laras briskly, firmly taking the young man's arm. "You can escort me, since my man seems too busy to do so." The scholar turned at that and smiled affably as she moved on, Lian with her.
"Do you like him, Scholar?" Lute asked, tugging at the scholar's arm.
"Yes, lad, he seems a pleasant youth," remarked the scholar, being jostled rather vigorously.
He looked across at the man who pushed him hard and got a grim stare in return. Lute's big black eyes showed apprehension because he was well aware no one in Ortok pushed the scholar around - not ever. It was a tacitly understood thing that nothing was said or done that might gratuitously upset the scholar, and not just because the man had an unnerving aura of power that all had come to respect. Also, he was very well liked. The scholar quietly stood to one side, suggesting gently that they follow Laras and Lian.
"So," began the scholar conversationally, "Lian was with Myme Chlo."
"Oh, yes," piped Lute. "He's always with Myme Chlo. They seem to like each other very much. Myme Chlo tells me she'd always trust Lian."
"Does she indeed," said the scholar, a decidedly grim note to his voice.
Lute didn't miss it. He stared up at the scholar. His eyes were enquiring and wide, but he merely got a reassuring pat, the scholar asking him how they adjusted to their new father. A grin came in response. Lute prattled happily away with the scholar who lent him half an ear, whilst at the same time his eyes scoured the crowds for some sign of Myme Chlo. He urged Lute towards the meadow, pointing out that it was where Melas would be.
~~~
Melas struggled to get to the common. She kept a firm grip on her daughter and appreciated Bethel being there with them. When Dase appeared with a large jug of juice for them to share, he got a hug and a smile from his mother as she drank gratefully, then she beckoned Bethel closer so the two boys were beside her.
"You may go now," she whispered. "Go and have fun. Myme Chlo will join you shortly. Have a care to her, won't you?"
Bethel stood on tiptoe to kiss his mother and she stared down into his huge velvet eyes, tears in hers as she held him very close.
"Blessings, Mam," he whispered, touching her hair. He stood back so Daxel could embrace her too.
"Be happy, Mam," Dase said gruffly, his voice breaking a little. "Lute wants you to be too."
Melas raised a hand to them, then turned with Myme Chlo to walk slowly towards the centre of the common. Melas found most of the Choice candidates assembled, Sarehl among them, but far distant from her. They'd spent their evening together and Melas felt easy about the son she saw move into manhood. A little smile trembled on her lips as she thought fleetingly of Alfar. She went to her knees beside Myme Chlo. It was just noticeable she carried Bruno’s child.
"Thank you for being with me, little love," she murmured. Myme Chlo put her arms around her mother's neck, hugging hard.
"Blessings and happiness, Mam," she whispered, burying her head in Melas' hair.
"Watch yourself," her mother cautioned. "Stay with the scholar tonight and keep away from drinking lads, however young you still are."
The girl nodded obediently. A smile and a wave from her mother sent her running from the gathering. Melas was swept into the surging crowd. Musicians, led by the drummers, had already struck up in the centre of the common. A piper played, preparatory to the start of the dancing that signified Choice had begun. Those standing at Choice drank vrie. It was said to be only a stimulant, but the scholar suspected it was considerably more than that because those who drank it had pupils suddenly wide and black, and speech was impaired. The drink loosened inhibitions to a noticeable degree.
The dancers began to organise themselves into circles, stamping to the drum beat, their arms entwined as they swayed to and fro in unison. After some moments, the dancers began the Samar dance. It started with a shuffle, then, as the tempo of the music increased and the onlookers began to clap, they broke into the full Samar dance of Choice. Linked arms disengaged as moves became more individual, sensual and frantic. Some of the crowd began to dance as well.
The scholar was usually bored by these proceedings, but not this time. He could see over the heads in front of him and saw Melas quite clearly. He grinned appreciatively. She'd discarded the mantilla, the comb holding her hair in place was gone, as were her boots, and she moved her body in a most disturbing way the scholar thought, her long black curls tumbled in disarray. She looked abandoned and quite seductively lovely. He thought, for such a large man, Bruno was very agile.
The music stopped and the drums fell silent. The crowd's anticipation swelled. The scholar's attention was distracted by the sight of Myme Chlo, alone in the crowd, her head bowed, so he edged his way to the little girl, people cheerfully giving way before him. When he reached Myme Chlo and looked back to the common, couples knelt facing one another.
The scholar looked down at the small form and gently circled Myme Chlo. She didn't look up, but did snuggle back into his arms, her mindspeak coming as a surprise and sounding quite forlorn.
"She's bound to him now, isn't she?" came the sad voice.
"She's still your mother, child," he sent back. "She cares very much for each of her children."
"Then why mate with Bruno?"
"You forget, little one, that your mother has needs no child, however willing, can fulfil." The scholar deliberately stayed silent so that Myme Chlo could take time to think.
"I feel sad."
"But she doesn't, little one. This is your mother's day."
Myme Chlo snapped the connection. It made the scholar wince and reminded him sharply that he must teach her to do that more gently.
Laras kept her arm firmly around Luton as the ceremony proceeded. Lian stood quietly beside them, watching his father with a distant look in his eyes. Laras reflected that it was a difficult time for Melas' young. Lian shook his head when Laras asked if he wanted to join them, barely aware of much that went on around him.
"She's bound now and his mate, isn't she?" Luton whispered.
"Yes, lad," Laras responded cheerfully. "She's chosen."
~~~
The scholar absently watched the circling and dancing in front of him, until he was jerked to full awareness by Myme Chlo who stiffened in his arms. He was caught by surprise when her mind sharpened in his again.
"I don't like this boy," came clearly into his mind. "He'll cause such great harm."
The scholar stared down at the dark head, perturbed by the particularity of her vehemently expressed words. Then he glanced to his right, to see a stocky youth with gingery hair and the beginnings of red fluff on his cheeks, and immediately recognised Lban, a young man he didn't especially favour. The youth was a bully, who singled out younger and smaller ones for his attentions. More than once he'd thrashed the twins and he teased Bethel cruelly, mocking the boy for his looks and talent.
"He makes me scared," came the small voice in the scholar's mind.
"There's no need to be scared. You can reach me at any time."
"He frightens me," repeated Myme Chlo. "You can't be near me always."
"Not yet, that's true." The scholar inclined his head to Lban courteously.
"What do I do?"
"Think hard and carefully, little one. We've established that you can talk to most things."
"Yes."
"You can switch your mindspeak off and on."
"Yes, Scholar."
"Which reminds me, Myme Chlo," came a chiding voice in her mind. "Please don't break off the link so roughly." The scholar could sense the girl's amusement.
"I'll try not to."
"You can alter behaviour too, can't you?" The scholar felt the imperceptible withdrawal before she surged back into his mind.
"I don't know what you mean." The scholar saw Lban had gone well past them.
"Myme Chlo, you're playing with me." The scholar looked down at the dark curly head and Myme Chlo, looking up furtively, saw his grave expression. Her eyes wouldn't meet his and she hung her head.
"I can change things, yes," came a whisper in his mind.
"Keep your mindlink open to me, child," came the rebuke. Myme Chlo nodded. "You can alter behaviour in those close to you." The head went lower and the small shoulders slumped. "As in class when you're bullied." He paused and waited. When he got no response, the scholar mindspoke very gently. "Myme Chlo, this isn't a fault. Believe me when I tell you this is a rare and precious gift, especially in one so young." The little head came up. "A gift such as that must be cherished, little one. You also have talents that may take others many cycles of learning to acquire. How you come to have these talents isn't important, but how you use them is. You see, child, I can sense all you do and say, as you can't yet control your power. You're a danger to yourself, and to all living things, if you're a power out of control. Remember Trath in school, Myme Chlo?"
"I remember. He hit me."
"Who called you back?"
"You did."
"Were you going to do the same to Lban?" The mental confusion the scholar sensed gave him his unwelcome answer. "You mustn't do that, Myme Chlo."
"Why not?" was the childlike response. "I don't like what he tries to do to me."
"In life, my dear child," was the dry answer, "much of what happens to us we don't like. Because we don't like it, doesn't give us the right to damage or destroy those afflicting us."
"I wasn't going to hurt him." The scholar sensed the defiance.
"Did you mean to hurt Trath?"
"No, you know I didn't."
"But you very nearly did, didn't you?" The scholar got no reply. "Is it worth it, Myme Chlo? Think very hard before you answer. While you do, ponder this. I won't let you wilfully enter someone's mind, let alone damage it. I'll make quite sure you can't even attempt to do so."
The scholar felt a sharp infuriated surge before Myme Chlo's mind snapped closed. He waited as she wriggled round in his arms to glare up at him indignantly.
"Can you do that?" she demanded. In spite of himself, the scholar began to laugh.
"Don't be such a little crosspatch," he chuckled, adding on a more serious note, "Yes, I can do that very easily, child, but I'd prefer not to. My task is to tutor you and help you learn to adapt to a gift that could be a blessing or a curse, depending on what you make it. What I'll never permit, while I'm with you, is any abuse of that gift."
Myme Chlo stood deeply thoughtful, her forehead wrinkled.
The scholar and Myme Chlo reached Luton and Laras through a crowd rapidly becoming impassable, it swelled so thickly. They watched the oath taking and saw Melas move on the periphery of the crowd with Bruno, his red hair glinting in the sun and his arm around her waist in a highly protective gesture. The festival mood became even livelier. Among those gathered, inhibitions started to loosen. There was much bawdiness and laughing evident among groups they passed, so much so Laras raised an eyebrow at what she heard and noticed the scholar had a firm grip on the young ones. Once clear of the common, Luton and Myme Chlo dashed on ahead towards the main square.
The scholar and Laras found them, perched on the top rail of a fence surrounding the square. Bethel and Daxel leaned on either side of them. It was obvious there was teasing from the flushed faces that turned to the scholar and grinned up at him, and as he watched them, he thought they looked delightful urchins each busily stuffing a blueberry pie into an eager mouth and talking at the same time. Even though juice dribbled down chins and hands were sticky, there was much laughter and lashing out of boots.
Bethel began to tickle Myme Chlo, until she laughed so much she fell off the fence. Then the scholar was caught by both Bethel and Daxel who began to tell him what they'd seen and done. He stood tolerantly listening, first to one and then the other, until they chattered themselves quiet, then he suggested that they should all go somewhere away from the crowds.
"Has anyone seen Lian?" asked Bethel as they walked.
"I have," said Laras quietly. "He's gone back to the inn."
She began to gather up the young ones as she spoke and shepherded them along the square towards the westernmost market. She and the scholar watched amused as the youngsters argued vociferously among themselves with much gesturing and shoving.
It was an evening the scholar and Laras enjoyed. There was no need to entertain these youngsters, their very conversation a joy in itself. City gossip sounded quite novel when heard through youthful lips and it meant that every so often the scholar would wink at Laras, who lowered her head to hide a smile. At times the scholar's shoulders shook, but none of the boys noticed. Myme Chlo did. She shot a question at him in mindspeak.
"Why are you laughing?" she sent.
"Not at you, little one, I promise you."
"What's so funny?"
"Just the way young minds see life and people."
"Can Laras mindspeak?"
"Not as we can, no."
"How can she share your laughing then?"
"She knows me very well. This can happen if you're close to someone."
"Will Mam be that way with Bruno?"
"We can hope so. Break the link, Myme Chlo. Dase is watching you very closely. Speak to him."
The scholar reflected on a joyful day with a happy family. It was a memory that would come back to haunt him for cycles.
~~~
After Choice, nothing altered perceptibly for the children. Melas gave birth to a boy named after his father. Even newly born, Brue had reddish thick down all over his head and the bluest eyes the scholar had seen. Lian adored him. The children adapted quickly to a new father, Laras commenting to the scholar that she thought both they and Melas thrived. With a chuckle, the scholar agreed.
Lian was accepted as an older brother. The twins teased him, unable to understand why the youth should be so quiet and withdrawn. They noticed he devoted all his time to their little sister and baby brother. Sarehl and Alicia had a child soon after Choice too. He was called Saren.
~~~
Time passed very quickly with Myme Chlo's ninth cycle day barely noticed. Only the scholar sighed as it went.


Yarilan Chronicles 2470, Crescent Astral Yarilo Cycle 2211.

The Rox have asked us to ensure that a careful watch is kept on a city-state in the Samar Confederation, in central Ambros. Already the Watchers are alert. They are close to the city-state known as Ortok. It's a city of learning and culture, is renowned throughout Ambros and attracts scholars and musicians from all states.
 
We, of course, oblige the Rox. We also believe our master mage is within the walls of Ortok, but we can't confirm this.
 
The southern warlord's conquered most of the south and has now advanced, at alarming speed, into the Confederation. One city-state, Norsham, has already fallen. We believe an advance on Ortok is imminent; what we don't know, is whether there's any reason for this assault other than a lust for conquest. We suspect it's not all ambition and this concerns us.
 
When the Conclave was attacked the Watchers were aware briefly of a breach and a minute rift in the aethyr. Only a mage could do such a thing. Our suspicions have firmed. We’ve advised the Rox.


CHAPTER TWENTY

The sun was not fully risen when Lodestok awoke. As he dressed, he felt a surge of anticipation at the thought of more conquest. He was dressed for riding. Like all southern warriors he wore a very heavy embossed leather gambeson, lighter hide leggings and long, strong leather boots. His heavy woollen shirt had a hood that could be drawn up and in to hold out the worst of the weather. He picked up a long and heavily woven black cloak that he flung over his shoulders, pinned it in place with an ornate brooch at the throat, and let the cloak fall in many folds to his feet. He picked up his riding gloves and gauntlets and stalked from the room.
He stopped at the top of the flight of steps, looking contemplatively at a furry creature that sat on the first step, absorbed in cleaning. Lodestok sent out a quick, tentative mental probe that told him nothing. Nor did the creature react to his low snarl. It made no effort to move when he moved towards it, but what it did do was hold a momentary and off-putting eye contact with him.
Suppressing an urge to kick the creature, the warlord nevertheless felt a faint trace of unease. He even thought, briefly, that the creature made fleeting contact with his mind. As he reached it, the small animal stopped licking its paw, stared hard up at him again, then dissipated into nothing. Startled, Lodestok prodded the area where it'd been with his boot, but, encountering nothing, he felt irritated and stormed down the stairs his brows hitched together in a beetling frown.
Most of the warriors had eaten earlier so there was only a sprinkling of men still at table, the benches barely a tenth full. Those who were there rose promptly to their feet on the warlord's entrance, all heads bent for the first minute after his arrival. His nod granted them permission to sit. Men sharpened knives, flexed swords or twirled helmets. Some still gulped down food in haste, others teased each other or the slaves raucously. Since the kitchens were very warm, no warrior was anxious to leave them on this singularly cold morning.
Shields, scabbards and swords were crowded against a far wall and it was to them the warlord walked, undoing his cloak so that he could fling it back off one shoulder. He stooped a little to the left of the main pile of armoury and picked up his baldric that Sarssen, limping painfully and very slowly, had carefully placed there the night before, buckled on the shoulder leather then bent and hefted his sword. He swung it in an arc before settling it in its scabbard. He straightened, let the cloak fall around him again, then moved to an empty bench and barked out an order to a slave as he sat.
He looked a menacing figure, his curt nod acknowledging the men making them edgy. Most went on with what they were doing, but in a subdued way, because Lodestok's discipline was cruel and his whole being radiated raw power. He over-awed them. Those who'd been idly lounging for the sake of warmth chose to quietly gather their equipment and brave the cold.
Norsham saw activity aplenty. When the warlord gave a command, warriors jumped, and this went from the elite haskars to the lowest ranked warriors. This morning of the move north, activity reached an even greater pitch as slaves rushed hither and yon, men yelled to each other and warriors yelled impartially at men and slaves alike.
It looked like pandemonium. It wasn’t. If nothing else, Lodestok’s army was extremely well disciplined and superbly organised. The air was keen. Frosted breath of man and horses puffed and spiraled upwards. It was winter and it was raw. Horses whickered and stamped, harness jangled and men cursed hands turning blue as they struggled to tighten saddle girths. Smoke from so many dying fires melted into the damp early morning mist that overhung the city.
~~~
The assembly of Lodestok's warriors was a sight to strike dread into any person not part of it. Morning sunlight glinted off unsheathed weapons raised in salute, from large iron-mounted daggers to the more sophisticated slender knives the scholar had seen on the two warriors in Ortok. There were swords upraised in salute. Shield bosses with engraved city-state decoration clearly stated a warrior's origins and who he followed into battle.
Many helmets had richly embossed skulls, again showing allegiance, these designs repeated on breastplates and greaves as it was on the chamfrain and breast ornamentation worn by their destriers. Armour coverings could be seen that were silvered or gilded. Masks attached to helmets were raised. There was a chill in the air and absolute silence now that the drums and horns had quietened.
When Lodestok strode through the inner gate that led to the outer court, it was a strong and motivated warrior force that confronted him. Bensar, mounted rigidly erect, kneed his warhorse forward until he came to a halt three feet in front of the warlord where he saluted crisply before gently backing his horse. At a signal, Lodestok's magnificent black destrier was brought from the stables, the slave who led the horse releasing the reins to the warlord and prostrating himself for Lodestok to use as a step. Carelessly, Lodestok did so. He gathered the reins firmly in his hands.
The warlord turned the horse so he could survey his men, each warrior astride a huge warhorse and as rigidly at attention as Bensar. All weapons were now sheathed. On these occasions, warriors were wont to hold their breath, because it wasn't unknown for Lodestok to order the immediate flogging of a warrior who was slovenly mounted or whose weapons were not immaculately presented. His warriors sweated as the warlord rode through the ranks. He was methodical and unhurried. Sarssen, mounted well back, could only admire the intrinsic authority that encompassed the black-cloaked figure as it moved steadily closer. Bensar wasn't the only one who sweated. With the inspection complete, the warlord rode slowly to the front of his men, speaking so quietly his warriors had to strain to hear.
"Gather your men to be ready to march at my signal." Lodestok paused. His men found this unnerving. No one so much as blinked. "We march northwards. It is not the long march you endured coming from the south. I can assure you it will be well worth your while."
After a moment there was a roar from the gathered warriors, then stillness. The mist mixed in with icy warrior breaths and swirled in waves before retreating. Lodestok waved his arm nonchalantly in a signal of dismissal and turned his horse away. A cruel smile curled his mouth.
~~~
Many men who swelled the ranks were mercenaries who came from all parts of southern Ambros. In among them were renegades from among the vanquished whom the mercenaries treated with the utmost contempt. There were also slaves who had military skills and were now pressed into service, mostly in units of archers or pikemen. Most of the charioteers were Churchik, and, though they had been influential in southern battles, the northern terrain didn't suit them, so now the charioteers mostly concentrated their energies on archery. Lodestok knew as well as anyone that men, such as disaffected conquered men or mercenaries, who were prepared to fight their own, often became more vicious than ever the conquerors could be. Accordingly, the warlord encouraged them whenever he could.
The warriors had much to organise. There were enormous numbers making up the army support that included among others, pikemen, archers, foot soldiers, waggoners, and armourers. And this didn't include the warrior's personal retinue and slaves that he had to marshal. Each personal warrior’s escheli had his horse, as well as his warrior master's second warhorse that he had to lead. He was responsible, too, for luggage carried on small packhorses that included any armour not being worn by the warrior. He was also expected to be able to tell his master how many mounted archers would be riding with them, so that the wagons of supplies could be evenly distributed down the line.
~~~
Most of the army and the slaves travelled on foot; the slaves, poorly clad and unarmed, went in long slave trains organised and disciplined by mostly Churchik guards, the barkashads. These men were vicious and used their thin canes and whips indiscriminately.
The soldiers carried lethal-looking spears or javelins, swords and knives. Some had leather-covered shields, but most did not. Few even wore neck guards. Most of the soldiers only wore heavily padded jackets that opened down the side, these being their only protection. The others wore only tunics, breeches and boots, and were generally bareheaded or wore simple caps - few of them had shields or pikes and most were from the enslaved ranks. Even so, this diverse collection made up a frightening fighting machine that had steadily wreaked havoc as it moved inexorably northward.
~~~
Later that day, the army was transformed from what looked like a rabble into orderly groups of units, while outside the city's walls, to the south, there was a milling mass that at first glance looked highly disordered. It wasn't. Encouraged by the flats of swords and whips, groups were being assembled, these people emaciated, dirty and hopeless as they shambled into lines, some stumbling and some still trying to fight. As they were marshalled into caravans to begin the long march south as slave workers, they looked back to see the army spill out aggressively over the immediate plain. Thousands of men poured steadily through the gates in an orderly fashion. The slave caravans began to slowly move in the opposite direction, the clanking of chains audible for some time.
~~~
The army made the merchant city-state of Ortok with terrifying speed, Lodestok driving his men hard, day after day. Two small city-states fell before Ortok was reached, all brutally subjected and fired, the land around each torched to ensure none of those who escaped to flee north could return to use the land. The slave caravans swelled with a constant stream going south, though now more slaves stayed to service the army’s growing needs in the north. The sequestered wealth from the city-states was swallowed by the growing monstrosity that headed for Ortok. The warriors were in high spirits. They rode, relaxed and confident, to the playing of pipers and to the beat of the drums. Their singing filled the warming late spring air.
~~~
The Ortokians knew of the approach of the army. It'd been common knowledge since Siar fell, with refugees flooding through the city from all over Samar and the south. Stories of the sack of Norsham and tales of the cruelty of fierce warriors were commonplace. These refugees fled north through the forest, where already there was a high concentration of those who'd earlier fled from the south. They spoke of slave caravans and of a man they described as a devil. His name was Lodestok. This ebb and flow had an unsettling effect on Ortok. Some folk felt insecure and wondered reluctantly if they should leave, still others were inclined to believe the reports were exaggerated and convinced the warlord would respond to reason. Many chose to leave.
News of horrors from the south kept the Ortokians tense and alert. The central and northern Samar states had never been warlike and they didn't know what they faced. They'd no organised adequate defence other than huge city walls that would be stoutly defended by excellent archers. Ortok sat, vulnerable and nervous. The hilly dales to the south offered no protection.
Lodestok's army looked like a host of insects swarming over and devouring land the Ortokians had come over cycles to consider theirs, especially since Ortok's benevolent hegemony had stretched many miles in all directions. Now they'd be under siege in a very short time. The natural shallow valleys southwards favoured the warlord by giving good cover to his men. The Ortokians couldn't adequately assess the numbers opposed to them, but it soon became irrelevant when they finally saw the host advancing on the city walls. Their archers were outnumbered by many hundreds.
Lodestok's army encamped far enough away from the walls so that any arrows from Ortok's excellent bowmen would fall harmlessly. The warlord didn't call for surrender and tribute. That both surprised and alarmed the already nervous citizens. When they sent out envoys, the Ortokians were shocked and frightened when they received back the grisly remains of the four men. That was the Churchik response. It was only then it truly dawned on Ortokians that what they faced was a monstrosity that would devour each and every one of them. The city was now surrounded. Escape was impossible. This had occurred with terrifying speed as still many were ready to flee but were now trapped.
And Lodestok waited. He was in no hurry. He also knew well that the tension in the beleaguered city would soon become feverish, and was often seen staring contemptuously up at the walls, before he'd turn and stride away. His men and their horses had plenty of fresh water and supply lines were no problem, the coldest days were behind them and the days were now warm and dry. Lodestok had no need of reconnaissance. Like a spider, he sat and waited.
~~~
After several days, the warlord summoned Lian. To his surprise, the young man answered his call almost immediately. Within an hour, there was a movement outside Lodestok's pavilion and Sarssen entered accompanied by a slight blond man. Nodding dismissal at Sarssen, the warlord looked the young man over appraisingly. He reflected that the youth was about nineteen cycles and fair in the southern way, though not exceptionally tall, and the eyes were blue and incurious. The youth had irregular features, but very beautiful long tapering fingers. He stood quietly, his eyes expressionless.
"You called for me, my lord," he said, in a flat voice.
"You know why you are wanted, do you not?"
"You wish me to bring Myme Chlo to you, my lord."
"Is that the girl's name?" Lian nodded. "How old is the child now?"
"Ten cycles, my lord." Lodestok pointed to a chair and Lian obediently sat, while the warlord, in typical fashion, strode up and down.
"What else can you do for me, Lian?"
"I'll open the city gates for you, my lord, if that's still your wish," offered Lian, his eyes still strangely lifeless.
"I do wish that," Lodestok answered in his soft yet menacing deep voice, "but before you do, you must bring the girl to me. You will do so at dusk tomorrow. The city itself can wait for a little."
"Yes, my lord."
Lodestok looked curiously at Lian, asking, "Do you care for the child?"
"Yes," came the indifferent answer.
"And you anticipate no difficulty in bringing her to me?"
"None, my lord. She goes easily with me." Lodestok gestured for the young man to rise.
"Leave me," he ordered, turning his back on Lian. He ignored his departure.
~~~
A few hours after Lian left him, Lodestok sat staring nonchalantly at the two men who faced him. They were an unprepossessing pair, with body odour the warlord could smell from where he sat. He wrinkled his nose fastidiously. He vaguely recognised them, from a brief acquaintance at the Keep, but then they'd been cleaner or Blach had kept them so.
They were an odd pair, one tall and very scrawny, the other short and fat. The latter picked thoughtfully at his nose as he stood waiting, while the former's eyes roved restlessly, his countenance unsmiling and his eyes forbidding. In typical pose, Lodestok swung his booted foot negligently over the arm of his chair, his eyes cold and his expression as equally unfriendly as that of the taller man.
Lodestok was a singularly handsome man, as many Vaksh and Churchik were, this in spite of their scarring one another in the name of ownership or over-lordship. Beside these two men, he looked striking. The warlord wore southern garb of breeches tucked into long boots and worn with a long, high-collared tunic with cuffed sleeves. He was ornamented as all warrior lords were. His guests looked garish beside him.
Ohb, the short fat individual with the pudgy fingers and protruding belly, wore deep russet leggings that fitted him too well; he bulged from them and the leggings had split on one leg. His bright yellow boots struggled to hold together over spreading calves. A blue leather jerkin, worn over a green shirt that his belly burst through, completed his ensemble. Only a greasy kerchief knotted round a sweaty throat was constantly fingered. Queeb was similarly attired, except his boots were red and he wore a long black overcoat over yellow leggings and a bright orange jerkin. Lodestok, tastefully clad in green, found their apparel an offence. He closed his eyes briefly, before he began speaking again.
"So you will take the girl child back to the Keep, is that not so?"
"That's so, my lord." Queeb frowned. "When will she be brought to you?" Lodestok stared at his hands meditatively.
"You are Blach's men as I recall, are you not?" Ohb nodded. "I would ask that you be patient. Lian has been sent for and he assures me he will bring the girl soon, very soon. That should satisfy you. In the meantime, I would ask you to rest in quarters that will already have been set up for you. You will not need to remain with us more than a day or two, unless -." Lodestok broke off contemplatively, looking up at the taller man.
"Yes, my lord?" came interrogatively.
"Unless you wish to watch the sack of Ortok?" Queeb gave a sharp shake of his head.
"We have our orders, my lord. The child's to be taken to the Keep immediately. We'll touch her mind to make her compliant and willing." Lodestok calmly observed the two men as they licked their lips in anticipation.
"She is ten cycles," he said quietly. Queeb's reply made the warlord tense.
"Ten cycles isn't too young for girls, my lord, any more than it is for boys as you well know." Queeb's insinuating leer at the warlord made Lodestok's eyes glitter, but the warlord made no retort. "A ten cycle girl isn't too young to learn the ways of men," Queeb went on, adding, "A ploughed furrow is easier to follow, my lord."
"No doubt," agreed Lodestok, his lip curling. "As I have no love of girls, I can not judge."
Queeb was briefly silent, then he said questioningly, "What's her name, my lord?"
"Lian called her Myme Chlo."
"Myme Chlo," murmured Ohb. "Such a pretty name."
"We know, my lord, that she's dark-haired and has violet eyes," said Queeb, an odd light in his eyes.
"Doubtless she is a pretty child," replied Lodestok, noticeably bored. He rose, towering over the two men in a way that made Ohb blink rapidly before he took a step back. "As you have decided her future and the sorcerer has his plans for her after she is delivered, there is little else to be said. I would, however, caution you in your treatment of the child. If Blach has not authorised you to use her in the way you obviously intend, you will find his treatment of you such as you would not wish to experience."
Lodestok turned and walked over to his table for wine, so he didn't see the suddenly thoughtful expressions on the two faces behind him. At that moment, Sarssen walked into the pavilion. His green eyes rested briefly on Blach's henchman, and, sensing power in each man, he was promptly on his guard. He advanced to the centre of the pavilion and stood waiting, head bent, while Queeb and Ohb studied him, their curious eyes making his skin crawl as he tried not to notice them. Lodestok turned back from the table, a full goblet in his hand, saw Sarssen and smiled frostily.
"Ah, boy. You will attend to the needs and comfort of these men. Their comforts in all ways, Sarssen. You understand me, do you not?"
"Yes, my lord." Sarssen bowed and stood back courteously, gesturing to the two men to precede him. Queeb hesitated, but Ohb moved forward immediately.
"We don't wish there to be any delay, my lord," Queeb said, a note of warning in his voice. Lodestok paused with the goblet at his lips.
"Your haste is understandable," he remarked contemptuously, his cold voice cutting. Queeb cast him a venomous glance before he walked over to the pavilion entrance where Sarssen waited quietly. Lodestok's deceptively dulcet voice called gently after Sarssen. "You will return immediately." Sarssen looked back.
"My lord," he replied tonelessly.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

The following early evening was a time of pleasant anticipation for the warlord as he waited for Lian to appear with the small girl. As one hour passed, succeeded by another, Lodestok became irritated.
He summoned Lian with a mental blast that would've given the young man a headache for days, but to the warlord's surprise and anger he received no response. He tried again, knowing he'd called and received only a day before. This second time there was the same empty blankness.
Furious, Lodestok stormed to his pavilion entrance, balefully ordering Bensar to find him Jaden immediately. As Bensar hastened to find the reader, Lodestok saw Sarssen take a slave to task over the making of a fire.
"Kill him," advised the warlord sharply. "There are plenty more like him." Turning on his heel, he gestured at the wall towering above them.
Inside his pavilion he threw himself into a chair, tapped his booted foot impatiently, then, unable to rest in one of his rages, he began to stride up and down. Just as he was about to burst into a fluent torrent of cursing, a reader appeared at the pavilion entrance. Lodestok reached the healer in two strides and grasped his arm roughly.
"Find that boy for me, now!" he growled.
His grip made the reader wince. Jaden looked up at the warlord gravely and though Lodestok's eyes flashed back at the reader he let the man go straight away.
Jaden looked pensive, asking quietly, "Could you give me his image as you last saw him, my lord?"
Lodestok sighed. He obligingly opened his mind to give Jaden a clear mental picture of Lian, then the warlord snapped his mind closed and went to the table by his bed. He absently lifted a goblet and a wineskin, poured himself a generous amount, and, pulling out a second chair he straddled it, carefully watching the reader. The latter was quite still. While Lodestok gulped rather than sipped his wine, the reader's eyes opened and Lodestok saw they held the oddest expression he'd ever seen in Jaden's eyes.
"Well, man?" he demanded, in a goaded voice. "Where is he?" Jaden looked uncomfortable.
"Not here, my lord."
"I can see that," scoffed Lodestok. "Damn you, where is he?" He rose from the chair threateningly, thrusting his goblet on the ground as he did so. Jaden was clearly confused.
"My lord, this is so strange."
"What is?" The warlord advanced threateningly on the much smaller man.
"A small dragon, my lord. It can't be." Lodestok stopped where he was, staring intently at the reader.
"What are you talking about?" he asked, in a more moderate tone. The reader shifted from one foot to another. There was genuine disbelief on his face.
"I sensed a tiny dragon presence that engulfed the image you gave me." Jaden shook his head.
"Nonsense," responded the warlord bluntly, though he looked very thoughtful as he turned away from Jaden. "There is no such thing as a dragon, although it is interesting you think you see such things. I will speak with Lokar about it. You may go."
Left alone, Lodestok bent to retrieve his goblet and lounged, as he invariably did, to the bed, lying quietly so he could let thoughts ebb and flow. He didn't believe Lian could call a dragon and he hadn't lied to Jaden when he'd doubted the existence of tiny dragons, though time at the Keep made him cautious about drawing any such definitive conclusion. Jaden, however, was a post-level three and didn't imagine things, so the warlord had much to ponder.
Next he thought of Lian and how lifeless the boy was. He realised his suspicions about Blach were confirmed; the sorcerer did remove the essence of a being, leaving only a useful shell behind to live out an existence. Lodestok put that to one side for future reference.
Lian was unsurprised by the warlord's summons. As the Churchik army closed around Ortok, he expected his time was come, the call accompanied, as it always was, by anguish that sent him to his knees. Ever since the reader-seekers took him from his father all those cycles ago, any summons or visiting left him agonised.
At that time, cycles before, Lian's encounter with Blach scarred him so deeply it was a blessing so much of his mind was rendered blank. Unable to move, he was made to stand in front of a horrifyingly sinister sorcerer who efficiently abused and then manipulated his mind. In unspeakable terror and pain, he was held captive. He was rendered unable to utter a sound or to fight what sadistically followed, as he was forced, helplessly, to watch as the sorcerer calmly and inexorably drained his essence. He had to watch how it was imprisoned and blinked weakly. However, in his cruelty, Blach left Lian able to experience both physical and mental pain.
When Lian felt able to move again, he found he was no longer with the sorcerer, but still lay pinioned to the bed where the readers tied him. He was soaked with sweat and bled profusely from where ropes, holding him, chaffed skin during his struggles. He couldn't speak. His throat ached and felt raw.
He was unaware of having been anywhere or of having had anything specific done to him. He just knew, as the seasons passed, that any summons induced such physical and mental torment it almost convulsed him. It didn't last long. As soon as he obeyed, the pangs became mere discomfort, then disappeared entirely. He couldn't have actively opposed his conditioning, even had he wanted to.
The Churchik warriors who hurt his father on their last and fatal visit to Ortok, inflicted considerably more pain on Lian. They left him bewildered, intimidated and despairing, nor could he understand why he was subjected to the obscenity of repeated violation when he promised he'd obey. While the warriors laughed, Lian pleaded, wept, and screamed at them to leave him alone. They left him lying in his inn room. He'd gone beyond tears.
Since the warriors' visit Lian's life was easy, pleasant and untormented. He was drawn to Myme Chlo, not just because of his conditioning, but because she was gentle and posed no threat. While her brothers wondered at his compliance and his lack of will to do anything, Myme Chlo accepted him for how he was, offering him her full trust. Lian, unaware how he'd betray that trust, encouraged her to rely on him, always there when she needed someone other than Bethel to turn to, and since he was by nature a gentle and caring boy, very like Bethel, it was no wonder the little girl felt comfortable around him.
They went on long rambling walks together, Myme Chlo holding his hand and chattering to him, something Lian encouraged, because he liked to listen to her talk and found her voice restful. He protected her from too much rough and tumble with her twin brothers, and, because he knew she was close to Bethel, Lian adopted him as well. He always encouraged the boy in his music. Lian seemed soothed whenever he heard Bethel play.
Over the cycles since Choice, Lian knew a peace he'd not experienced for a very long time. Had he known what happiness was, he’d have said he was happy in those days and would have contentedly passed the rest of his life in Ortok.
When Lodestok's summons came, there was only a sense of regret for the end of tranquillity. He shook with the surge of anguished pain that he'd almost forgotten. Though he'd never met Lodestok, he knew enough of him from the warriors who'd taunted and hurt him. He didn't know what to expect. He just felt paralysing fear. When his reception was coolly appraising and brief and he was allowed to return to Ortok unmolested, he just felt tired and resigned, aware he had a task to do.
The next morning, Lian did nothing unusual. He just wandered vaguely round the house asking for Myme Chlo, then when he found her outside he suggested gently to her that she should stay close to him so he could care for her.
She was tense, disturbed, and clung to his hand, while saying in an urgent little voice, "The scholar expects me. I must go to him."
"Go then," said Lian calmly. "But don't stay long there. Come back to me."
The little girl's eyes were wide and frightened as she nodded her head. She didn't argue when Lian said she should be with her mother. Myme Chlo arrived at the scholar's, restless and agitated, murmuring she should be home with Mam, then when she said Lian would look after her she didn't see the unusually grim set to the scholar's mouth or the hard look in his eyes. She was only relieved when he sent her back home.
She and Lian spent a pleasant day. They sat together on the verandah steps after late meal. Bethel had gone to practice music and the twins had disappeared. There was echoing silence about the seated pair. Normally there'd be laughter and romping on a summer's night, but there was an eerie stillness over Ortok, as if the city held her breath. Lian sensed subdued dread in the little figure next to him and he moved closer, encircling her comfortingly.
While Myme Chlo and Lian sat, the scholar paced up and down in a small spinney. Eventually, he threw himself down on the turf, his eyes lifting every so often to the forest and beyond that to the north.
With fading light, Lian suggested to Myme Chlo that they go for a walk in the direction of the forest and because she didn't know the southern army surrounded the city she was quite amenable. The pair walked almost unnoticed down the cobbled street, only pausing when Myme Chlo said the forest was a long way to go.
When Lian smiled gently down and murmured, "You can trust me, Myme Chlo," she tilted her head, saw the smile, and responded immediately. With a little laugh, she nodded and began to move again.
They reached the gate without difficulty and passed through easily, although Myme Chlo pulled back when her eyes took in the camp that sprawled not far away. Lian stooped to reassure her. At the same moment he thought he saw movement to his left, so gripped the small hand more firmly, telling the little girl again that they were going to the forest.
He felt a strange sensation in his head. He couldn't place what it might be and straightened from speaking to Myme Chlo. He suddenly realised he moved quickly again. He vaguely wondered why he couldn't see Myme Chlo, but knew she was there because he felt her hand still gripped his. Instead of veering towards the camp where he was meant to go, he kept moving towards the forest as if compelled to go there and broke into a run because he felt an odd panic that someone chased him. He felt himself let go Myme Chlo's hand, but couldn't stop to wonder why.
At the instant he let her go, he felt the familiar discomfort turn rapidly to pain that shot through him, jarring him to his teeth and he felt the familiar sickness cramp him. He cried out that he was trying to obey but somehow couldn't, then, frightened, heard footsteps close on him and tried to run faster. His breathing was laboured. He knew a wish to die. His face was devoid of emotion, his eyes expressive as stone.
Lian kept moving. He was barely conscious of doing so though he knew he entered the forest a while before and someone still chased him. The track was narrow with exposed roots that threatened to trip the unwary and there was only room for one. Lian looked neither right nor left. He only slowed when he came to a sharp curve in the path. He spun to a stop, hesitated, and felt again the resurgence of pain that clung to him and battered without respite because he wasn’t with Myme Chlo.
He stumbled blindly into a small grove. His knees felt weak and his back arched uncomfortably. He trembled and sweated. Moaning softly, he wrapped his arms round himself, ignoring the fact that as he sweated so he shivered, nor did he comprehend the oddity of his shivering on such a balmy evening. With an effort he cried out to be left alone. His teeth chattered. He sank to the ground at the foot of the tallest tree, gasped for breath, and then he just stared, his teeth clenched against the pain.
Before him, executing an elegant dive, was an estani butterfly dragon. Lian had heard of these in fables told to him in his childhood, his mother, Bruno once told him, a great believer in the fables of old. Because his father hadn't been so credulous, Lian discounted them from an early age. Now he sat watching the stuff of childish dreams while his limbs ceased to have any life of their own, unaware of the fight between hot and cold at his extremities. All he saw was the beauty and taunting of the delicate creature as it flitted deliberately in front of him. Enchanted, Lian made a feeble effort to extend his hand to the tiny dragon. It would have fitted comfortably inside a small child's cupped hand.
Out of the corner of his eye, Lian saw movement at the edge of the copse and assumed it was whoever followed him. Lian couldn't fight, nor did he have the will to. As he faded into extended unconsciousness, he thought, as he slid away, that he saw more butterfly dragons and again he tried to put out a hand to one.
Lban halted at the copse, wondering why Lian ran from pursuit. After watching Lian and Myme Chlo leave her home, Lban trailed them, unsure why he did, but consumed by curiosity and the feeling that there was something odd about Lian and something even more unusual about the little girl. Lban didn't gain on Lian until they were well into the forest, so was therefore considerably startled to catch a fleeting glimpse of his quarry running alone. Lban didn't pause to look for Myme Chlo because he thought he may lose sight of Lian, the young man ran so very fast. He assumed he could return to seek out the girl at his leisure, after he'd questioned Lian.
Lban noticed that Lian unexpectedly slowed and had difficulty breathing. The young man held up hands to his chest. Lban had gained quite rapidly, but now dropped back a little, unsure of his tactics once he reached Lian and just decided to keep pace with him. Lban saw Lian arrive at the curve in the path, then falter, before he veered uncertainly into a grove on his left. Lban followed. He hid behind a slender trunk to watch.
He saw Lian moan and shiver, his arms wrapped protectively about himself. He was surprised when Lian fell to the ground and even more so when he heard the young man cry out. Lban took a step forward. He checked in disbelief as Lian slowly dissolved in front of him.
He sharply drew in his breath. He went to the exact spot where Lian crouched and nervously scuffed the ground in all directions. He stood uneasily. He peered through the gathering darkness, shuffling from one foot to the other, then, without hesitation he turned and began to run swiftly back towards Ortok.
He kept an eye out for Myme Chlo, sure that she must be somewhere close. He had an instinct the Churchik warlord wanted the girl and he was sure, too, that Lian was the instrument that was to take Myme Chlo to Lodestok. Several possibilities revolved in Lban's mind - if only he could find Myme Chlo.
~~~
The warlord drank steadily. Other than to make him drowsy, it generally had little effect. He could be alert on the instant if it was necessary. As he broached his third wineskin, the warlord heard a noise outside his pavilion, his head enquiringly cocked while he calmly waited. He saw Bensar at the entrance.
"Come in, man, come in. What is toward? Is it Lian?"
"No, my lord, but there is a man from Ortok here." Vaguely interested, Lodestok hoisted himself up onto an elbow, eyebrows now quizzically raised. He saw Bensar hesitate.
"Speak," the warlord invited, his eyes lighting.
"The man insists on speaking to none other than the commander - you, my lord." Lodestok gave a deep rumble and hauled himself to his feet.
"He does, does he? Why have you not disposed of him?"
"He seemed to think, my lord, that you might wish to speak to him."
"Impudent too," smiled the warlord. "Go on, Bensar."
"He has a name he suggested you might be interested in, my lord." Bensar looked warily at Lodestok, but the warlord merely looked amused.
"Does he think so indeed?" he murmured, alertness touching the predatory eyes.
He slouched over to Bensar and put a hand on his shoulder, missing the faint flinch his second gave as he turned at the same instant Lodestok did.
The fire that earlier roused Sarssen's ire now burned steadily. A thickset young man carefully fed it occasionally with small sticks from a pile gathered next to him, then he sat back on his heels to rock gently back and forth. Lodestok observed the belligerence of the hunched shoulders and gave a smile that didn't touch his wintry eyes. The young man sensed the warlord was there and turned his head, rising easily and confidently.
The eyes that met the warlord's were merciless and calculating, the mouth tightly drawn suggesting the hint of a sneer; the bushy brows meeting over the bridge of the nose were as ginger as the wispy beard and long locks tied back at the nape of the neck.
Lodestok noticed the young man had a longbow. That immediately interested him, his eyes drawn to the bow that was evenly tapered from the middle, the wood a light brown the warlord didn't recognise. What he instantly acknowledged - if the bow this young man had was typical - was workmanship of a highly competent bowyer. The young man wore a quiver full of arrows that Lodestok was sure could be fitted to the bow in mere seconds.
Lodestok paced forward until he stood very close to the visitor, towering over the stockier man who neither flinched nor stepped back.
"Your name?" came the usual curt, harsh voice.
"Lban," was the reply, with no courtesy title added.
"You wished to see me."
"Aye."
"What about?"
"That's a private matter," Lban said deliberately.
Lodestok looked broodingly down at the Ortokian and this time Lban stared directly back at him. The warlord turned sharply, beckoned Lban forward and pointed to his pavilion. He thrust Lban towards it.
"I will be with you shortly. Wait there for me," was the command. Lban took a step back and stooped to pick up his bow. "Leave it," came the order. Unaware that he'd lost the initiative, Lban obeyed. Lodestok watched the retreating figure meditatively before turning to Bensar. "Take the bow and have it thoroughly examined. Call Sarssen and get him to look at it. He is one of our best archers, is he not?"
Bensar nodded, adding, "Possibly our best, my lord."
The warlord entered his pavilion. He found his guest sitting cross-legged on the matting, his hands busy with an arrowhead. On Lodestok's entrance, he raised his head, and, with the same elegant ease, rose to stand quietly. Lodestok waved him to a chair, straddling the one he'd sat on when Jaden was with him.
Folding his arms and leaning forward to rest them on the chair back, he said, "Yes, young man. You have my undivided attention."
"What do I get for assistance?"
The question surprised the warlord. His eyes turned to slits of ice. He sat very still.
"A cub you are, my young friend, are you not?" he asked very gently. Had one of the warlord's men been present, he would have been very nervous indeed.
"Just asking my dues," responded Lban, equally quietly. Lodestok's eyes flashed, and for a second Lban felt a surge of uneasiness.
"Nobody asks dues of me." Lodestok's voice had gone very deep and velvety as he continued, "I could rip your mind apart, my boy, then use you in whatever way I may choose. Do you understand me?" Lban's response was immediate. He rose as if to leave. A voice like a whiplash cracked across the pavilion. "Sit down!" Startled, Lban stared across at the warlord and saw something in Lodestok's face that made him sit quickly. "Do you need an example of my power, boy, or is the threat sufficient? You have little to offer me." Lban saw the glance the warlord gave him from his head to his toes and he felt distinctly uncomfortable.
"That's not true." Lodestok's expression was contemptuous.
"I will control you as I see fit, young man," he replied, "as I do all my men. If I thought you had hidden information I would tear it from your mind this minute." Lban licked his lips. "Or," continued the warlord, inexorably, "I could have you flayed for impertinence. You see, you hold no cards."
Lban prudently said nothing as he watched the warlord cross the pavilion, refill his goblet and collapse onto the huge bed. Lodestok's smile was derisive when he said gently, "Now, boy, tell me what you know."
Lban began his narrative, aware of the warlord's sharp inhalation over Lian's loss of the little girl. He could sense the repressed fury and hurried on. A frown furrowed Lodestok's forehead at the description of Lian being absorbed into the forest, so much so that when Lban stopped speaking, he was rigorously and repeatedly questioned. This went on for so long Lban felt his brain would become addled and he was immensely pleased when the warlord fell silent, though he continued to lounge negligently on the enormous bed that filled over half the very large, ornate pavilion. The warlord's voice was distant.
"There is more yet to discuss, young man, but that can mostly wait. You will tell me more of a young man named Sarehl and his siblings, all of whom interest me. You will have work to do for me in connection with them, but I think you will find that agreeable, yes?" Lban nodded. "You will find Myme Chlo and will also open the gates of Ortok to me, will you not? What do you say to me, Lban? Are you willing?"
"I am more than willing to betray Ortok to you, my lord."
"Excellent," responded Lodestok, in an amused tone. "You will be rewarded in due course."
Catching his breath after an experience he'd no desire to repeat, Lban stood outside the city gates that protected his home; he licked at his lips as he stared at the walls. He was uncaring of the enormity of the betrayal he was about to commit. While he waited for the gates to be opened legitimately for the last time, Lban sneered.


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

The scholar knew more about Ortok than he cared to think about. After the southern army arrived, he spent his days alone and brooding, feeling helpless and deeply saddened. He'd sent Laras home to northern Ambros, though it took some persuading to make her go, and watching her leave, the scholar realised he'd never see her again. He'd turned abruptly away.
He tried to make Bruno take his family north. The scholar pleaded. Bruno acceded to his wishes, but by the time he yielded to the scholar’s persuasion and Melas’ entreaties and they were ready to leave, it was too late. The southern army suddenly encircled Ortok and the scholar knew helpless and unutterable despair when he realised the family was trapped. Sadly he walked away from Melas, sickness in the pit of his stomach.
He often sat on his verandah, pale and tense, not conscious of his immediate surroundings other than as they related to Myme Chlo. He knew she was to be taken to the warlord, but still had no answer why, and he was quite certain there'd be no attack on Ortok until Lian handed the little girl into Churchik keeping.
The scholar was stressed because he was forced to wait - Myme Chlo wasn't yet in direct danger. The scholar wished she was. It would mean he could act. Over the cycles, the scholar had pieced together much about the child, far more than Bene would've expected or wanted. It left the scholar deeply perturbed and equally frustrated. While he waited, prowling restlessly up and down and dreading the inevitable for the city and a family he cared for as if they were his own, the scholar had to try to fathom what Lian's actions might be. Fretfully, he sat then walked, his pipe in his mouth and his hands jammed in his pockets.
The army was a monstrosity that sprawled as far as the eye could see. The scholar kept well away from the centre of the city where panic could be felt and rapidly became infectious. While Lodestok camped round the city walls and waited, so the scholar stalked out his wait as well. He'd carefully sealed his mind cycles before, but hadn't fully closed down Myme Chlo, only enough for the readers and seekers to have difficulty searching for her. It was a waiting game, no more, no less.
The scholar knew when the call came to Lian. He watched how easily the youth slipped between the guards and out the gates. The scholar stood a little back from the gates, so he could see the young man's form move towards the near outline of a large pavilion that he guessed, with a sigh of relief, was Lodestok's. He didn't have long to wait because the warlord's discussion with Lian was very quick. The scholar returned home in a pensive mood. There was still much he had to do, though he felt no immediate threat to Myme Chlo.
The next morning, the scholar awaited the arrival of the little girl, concerned when she appeared restless and disturbed, unable to settle, and uneasiness characterising her every move and expression. She mumbled she should be with Mam and added that the scholar need have no worries for her because Lian promised to look after her.
"I trust him as much as I trust you," she'd confided only two days previously.
Looking at her now, the scholar was grimly reminded of her words. He let her go, his mind working feverishly.
After she disappeared, the scholar went into another room. He stood quietly and thoughtfully before he walked over to the bed to stare down at an assortment of clothes and food. He pulled on a knife belt, sheathed several differently sized knives, then stooped and began to pack food parcels into one sack and the small bundles of clothes into another. Other items were pushed into the pouches on each side of the bags. The scholar hefted those two bags onto one shoulder and slung a third across the other.
He was dressed for the open, in winter-weight breeches and shirt, a long tunic under a heavy leather jerkin and serviceable boots and he carried two heavy woollen cloaks over one arm. He glanced at the bed again, reaching down for the cap he'd worn at Choice. He gave a final look around, then left the room, quietly closed the door behind him and strode from the house to the verandah, where he briefly paused, his eyes scanning the idyllic landscape. When he took the steps, three at a time, he didn't look back.
He made his way, as unobtrusively as he could, to the copses at the farthest side of the common. There, he threw down all his bundles and stretched out for a long doze. It was very warm. The scholar was too heavily attired for the conditions so he removed the jerkin, folded it and placed it under his head before he relaxed, closing his eyes. He waited for Lian and Myme Chlo.
Evening drew in. To an onlooker, the scholar still looked soundly asleep. He wasn't, as his suddenly cocked head showed. Hearing voices, he was quickly on his feet, assembled his equipment and leaned against a tree trunk. He seemed to melt into it. Only minutes later Lian and Myme Chlo came into view, the little girl trotting contentedly beside the young man without any sign of anxiety. The scholar noticed that, every so often, Lian bent his head to speak to Myme Chlo who smiled back up at him before giving a hop and a skip.
The scholar emerged from the copse and shadowed them, puzzled why Lian didn't veer to cross the canals to the eastern gate that would bring them out nearest the southern camp. Instead, he and the child moved steadily to the northwest gate. Shrugging, the scholar tailed them. As he did, he became aware someone else followed the twosome. He stopped briefly and scanned back, recognised in annoyance that it was Lban who followed and swore under his breath at this unnecessary complication.
He realised that he'd have to revise his plans. He noticed his quarry had reached the gates and pulled back into the shadow of the wall, where they'd be undetected while they waited for a guard change. When it came, they ran swiftly through the gates, barely visible in the half-light. The scholar gently touched the guards' minds as he passed through the gates after them. A short distance ahead, he saw the two figures stand still, and Lian had his head bent to talk earnestly with Myme Chlo. The little girl was obviously inclined to hang back.
The scholar withdrew to the wall close to him. He quickly divested himself of his bundles before he moved out again, at the same time as he completely blocked Myme Chlo's mind. Simultaneously, he suggested, urgently, to Lian that he should keep moving at speed, still with a sense he kept a child's hand in his, though the scholar knew this illusion was only temporary. He had no time to lose.
He reached the pair. He placed a strong hand over Myme Chlo's mouth as he swung her into his arms and returned as quickly as he could to the shelter of the wall. Lian paused, looked vaguely round him before he picked up his pace, then broke into a sprint, but instead of turning right to go to the Churchik camp, to the scholar's utter astonishment he kept going straight for Blenharm forest as if irresistibly drawn.
The scholar crouched. He saw terrified violet eyes stare up at him before he brushed his hand across the young forehead. Myme Chlo slumped back in his arms. He found he breathed at an uncomfortably rapid rate and leaned against the wall, cradling the little girl, until he felt more at ease and his heart beat relaxed. He watched Lban come through the gate and kept his gaze fixed on him till he could no longer distinguish either receding man in the gathering dark.
He then turned his attention to his situation. He was conscious just how close the southern camp was to the forest and was also aware Churchik guards did late evening and early morning sweeps. When neither Lian nor Lban returned soon, he became uneasy, unhappy that they could be wandering in the forest, a menace to Myme Chlo. He was debating how he would proceed when he saw a shape emerge, at a jog, from the darkness and realised it was Lban. He gave a faint sigh and closed his eyes, though he didn't sleep.
The scholar waited until barely sunrise, when there was just enough light streaking the sky to light a path and before the army patrols were on the move. Myme Chlo was lying across his legs, so he was stiff when he clambered to his feet. Having gathered all his belongings and festooned himself with them, he stooped low to pick up the child, then, noiselessly, he walked with long strides in a straight northerly direction towards the forest, hoping he wouldn't walk directly into Lian. As he walked, he heard the stirrings of an awakening army and he quickened his stride.
He reached the forest quite quickly, thinking sadly that it might provide a refuge for any lucky enough to escape Ortok. He doubted Lodestok would allow many survivors, then shook that thought away as he concentrated on where he put his feet. The thought of Melas and the children almost overwhelmed him with unspeakable grief and he had to force them from his mind when he found he stumbled on a root and nearly dropped Myme Chlo. He didn't stop moving for several hours, his paces even and long, made no attempt to pause for food or drink, nor did he waken the girl. Every so often he'd glance down at the small face and frown, but that was all. He was trying to place as much space between himself and any pursuers as he could.
Eventually, he sank down onto a half-rotted log. He stretched sideways to lay Myme Chlo on a bed of ferns, divested himself of all he carried, kneeling as he did so, then pulled open one bundle from which he hauled out clothing. He turned to Myme Chlo. He touched her head lightly, to see her eyes open bewildered and frightened. The scholar put a hand to her lips. He mindspoke.
"Not a word, little one."
"Where are we?" she shot back, sitting abruptly and pushing his hand away. "Where's Lian?"
"Gently, my child. All in good time." The scholar pointed to the clothes spread out on the ground. "Change into those."
Myme Chlo looked at them and then up at the scholar, saying in a baffled voice, "Those are Bethel's."
She saw a spasm twist his face briefly before he looked away. After a moment, he turned back to face her and his voice was sad.
"Yes, they are. Quickly now, child."
Confused, but obedient to the unusual gravity of his expression, Myme Chlo began to undress. Roughly for him, the scholar bullied her into the breeches, and, as she began to buckle a belt about her waist to hold up the breeches, she felt the scholar take the belt and instead pull a heavy shirt over her head. A tunic followed. The scholar firmly clasped the belt over the top of the shirt and the tunic, before he lifted a boy's vest for her to slip into. It was laced up the front with leather thongs and was very warm. As she and Bethel were both tall and slight, the clothes fitted her snugly.
Then, in the curtest tones she'd ever heard him use, the scholar ordered her to sit and pull on the stockings and boots. As she obeyed, sitting on the tree trunk to do it, she felt the strangest sensation and gasped as her waist-length hair was ruthlessly cut and when she put up a hand to her neck she was shaken like a puppy. When the scholar saw she had the boots on, he pulled her unceremoniously to her feet and began to drag a bone comb through what remained of her hair. When the scholar tugged at a knot, she gave a low moan.
"Don't make a sound!" growled the scholar through gritted teeth. "I'm trying to make you look like a boy." She stood still and silent, suddenly deeply afraid and with watery eyes. The scholar picked up the smaller of two cloaks and flung it about Myme Chlo's shoulders. "Tie it firmly," she was instructed, as he jammed a cap hard down over her curls, its peak coming to her eyebrows. Lastly, the scholar pushed a knife down inside the top of her left boot.
While Myme Chlo just stood there, disoriented and afraid, the scholar gathered up her discarded clothes and the long jet tresses, threw them into a pile well beyond the fernery and raised his hand slightly. They burned fiercely and quickly. The scholar strode over to stamp out the ashes, before he turned back to Myme Chlo who stared at him as if he were a stranger.
"Who are you?" she whispered, almost too scared to ask.
"I'm the scholar you've known all your life, child," he answered, crouching down beside her and calmly taking her chin in his hand. She stared up at him, her face white and drawn and her eyes wide with fright. "Myme Chlo," he said quietly. "I'll not lie to you, so you must listen to me and be very brave. You're in grave danger. I am more able to take care of myself than you are. We have to move as fast as we can so the Churchik have no chance of finding us." He felt the tremors and read her thoughts without being in her mind. He said gently, "No, little one, you can't go home. Very soon there'll be no home for you to return to. You must trust me, Myme Chlo."
"Mam?" came the small, broken voice. "What about Bethel and Sar and -."
The young voice became suspended by tears. The scholar looked very deeply into the tragic violet eyes. He quietly unblocked Myme Chlo's mind enough to let her former trust reassert itself, but not so much that she could inadvertently broadcast as they travelled. He shook his head at her words, not trusting himself to speak. The scholar looked down at the little girl who clutched his hand, well aware of her distress and terror. Had circumstances been different he may have grinned, because Myme Chlo made a very pretty boy, not unlike Bethel, he reflected with a wrench. As it was, he just hefted the bags with his free hand, settled them comfortably on one shoulder, and then, giving the small hand he held a reassuring squeeze, he took a step forward.
He didn't see the backward look Myme Chlo gave, nor did he see the tears begin to fall as the small head bent. He just increased his pace until Myme Chlo had to walk very fast to keep up with him.
~~~
The assault on Ortok was abrupt and brutal, without any chance for defence. Once the gates to the east were opened by Lban, Lodestok's warriors stormed through with terrifying speed and savagery, their thoroughness chilling as they worked in organised units, sweeping across the city to open all the other gates to a full invasion.
As the citizens of Ortok were slaughtered, or worse, they didn't know who'd betrayed them and were woefully unprepared as they were cut down with contempt even as they tried to form ranks of defence. Defiance died swiftly, the occasional challenge met and dismissed as though it hadn't occurred. The city of Ortok was at the mercy of the invaders within a matter of hours.
All that Lodestok would allow to be spared were the centres of learning and the main library. He wasn't especially interested in prisoners, other than those already marked for slavery: it was to be a massacre. Those who didn't die or weren't executed were to be immediately enslaved. The wickedly barbaric barkashads, or overseers, were ready. Lodestok intended to make Ortok pay for the loss of his two beduars.
However, before the offensive began, and even as Lban was preparing to open the gates to him, the warlord instructed Lokar to seek out the little girl. When the reader could find no trace of her, Lodestok, a cruel smile curling his mouth, turned to Bensar and said very gently,
"Destroy them. No quarter. Do you understand me?"
Bensar nodded and turned sharply, signalling that Sarssen was to follow. Sarssen stood still for a moment. He heard the unbridled exultation and naked ferocity in the soft voice, and knew he'd likely be a tempkar come nightfall, but it would be at the expense of many hundreds of innocent lives. He gave a shiver of compassion for the people of a doomed city and left the pavilion with his head well down.
~~~
Some distance away, in the forest, the scholar came to a stumbling halt, his hands to his head.
"Ah, the gods," he moaned in a profoundly anguished tone. Myme Chlo looked at him in concern. He shook his head and the little girl noticed tears well in the usually calm blue eyes. "The gods, spare them. Not that, not that!"
"What is it, Scholar?" she whimpered, her eyes huge. The scholar knelt, pulled her in close and held her tightly.
"Ortok is no more," he said, in a barely audible voice.
When Myme Chlo began to cry she felt the tremors that shook the scholar even as he held her. He was glad she slept over the next few hours, because his agony for the sufferings of loved ones left behind and caught came in wave after wave, until he felt he could endure no more. He pressed hands to throbbing temples. He went through hours of hell until he managed, shaken to the core, to put strong blocks in place. Crouching, the scholar wept deeply and long.
~~~
Lian's essence flickered in captivity, one of many that lined Blach's study walls. The sorcerer enjoyed watching these essences struggle against imprisonment, amused by their helpless fluttering as they writhed like pinned butterflies. He found them delightful, these radiant things that couldn't die.
Blach derived considerable pleasure from tormenting the frail beams. He watched them dim almost to nothing before they strained to pulse again, at which point, when he knew he'd nearly extinguished their light, he'd pause to admire the returning glow. It was one of Blach's prized entertainments.
No one knew how vulnerable the sorcerer was to essences. He could draw them off a living being, as he'd done with Lian, or more fully as was done with Alfar, and he could tease and torment them, but he could never be touched by one of them. His assaults on the essences occurred when he felt mildly bored, but he'd been so busy over the last two cycles he'd paid them very little attention. Lian's essence lay quiescent.
~~~
The Ice Crystal dragon, very young and barely hatched, stretched her wings in the cavern where she was born. Another sign of her extreme youth were eyes that shone milkily because it was only dragons who ventured beyond the birth sciena who had clear, multi-faceted eyes in myriad colours. She was also completely white, without the ability to change to whatever colour she might choose. That would come with maturity.
She was conscious of confusion in her dragonet mind. She knew she was dragonkind, but she had another consciousness as well that she found hard to comprehend, or reconcile, with her dragonet being. She stretched again and then went still. She was sure she'd been telethed, but also instinctively knew it was odd for that to happen to one so young, so she hesitated, unsure how to respond. She was too immature to truly understand exactly what teleth was, yet her dragon awareness responded clearly and promptly to it. She lifted her head, tilting it enquiringly.
"Little dragon," came the call a third time. Goldlas hissed gently before replying.
"I can hear you."
"You're very, very young, little dragon. You're also unique in a way you can’t yet understand. You're an Ice Crystal with rare talent. The last Ice Crystal of your kind died in antiquity. I'm Sophos Rox, of Lilium."
"My consciousness knows of you and responds to you."
"An estani butterfly dragon will need your guidance."
"Where?"
"In the south-east of Ambros, there's a Keep that's inhabited by a sorcerer who imprisons essences. The estani can go into the Keep, but she can't travel so far on her own, nor can she return that distance unaided. Nor is it safe for a known dragon to venture there."
"I'm newly-born. I don't know Ambros."
"You know more than you realise, little dragon, and your maturing will be more rapid than most. That's so with Ice Crystals. The essence the estani seeks belongs to one named Lian." The dragon mind felt an odd surge of identity, followed swiftly by a sense of loss.
"Do I know him or her?"
"Yes, you do. He knows Myme Chlo." The Rox sensed the insistent tug at the young mind that struggled to grapple with names that sounded familiar. "The answers will come to you suddenly, little dragon, and you'll wish to act. No one shall hinder you, though you must bring the essence, when you have it, straight back to Ice Isle. You'll know what to do with it. You may even act against the very one whose essence you retrieve. That's for you to decide."
"When do I go?"
"Soon," crooned Sophos Rox, very gently. "Very soon, little dragon, in Ambros time. Be patient. You'll know when to leave."
~~~
Lian didn't know how long he remained unaware. He seemed suspended in limbo. He slowly became conscious and felt he floated in an uncomfortable way. Again he saw in front of him, but just beyond reach, a fluttering estani butterfly dragon. He was unsure if it was the same one he'd seen before, but sensed that it probably was as he watched it rhythmically beat irridescent wings so it could hover in front of him. He struggled to reach it but it flitted tantalisingly through a dust haze, Lian convinced the diminutive creature was a she and urged him on.
Abruptly, he was plunged into desolate dark. The bite of the cold he'd felt before worsened and chilled him so badly he tried to wind his arms round himself for protection. He couldn’t. He'd no control over any part of his body. As Lian shivered, he decided that nothing he'd endured in the past cycles came near how he suffered now. He coiled up inside, rejecting the agony of cold. And still the estani flew on, looking back every so often to see if he followed. Lian shook, unable to see anything. He stumbled on helplessly.
His stop was sudden. There was nowhere for him to place his feet. He thought the darkness diminished. He tried to take a tentative step forward, but fell back, biting his tongue in shock at the numbing pain of frigidity that shot through him. Even his teeth screamed. He crumpled to his knees, his head bent, knowing that nothing he'd experienced at Blach's hand prepared him for this. He knew he was completely alone. He wept. As it was, ice rimed his eyebrows and his eyelashes, so tears were frozen. He felt himself weaken and succumb to the cold, moment by moment.
The freeze became intense. Lian could feel it coming towards him, a breath of ice that turned him solid. He tried to look up. It was impossible in the paralysing cold. He felt what was left of his being was frosted out of him and fought it as he'd fought nothing in his young life. As he was slowly petrified, alive, he thought he saw a movement.
He looked down with difficulty, knowing he was crystallised from his feet to his chest. Breathing was agonisingly difficult. He saw eyes stare up at him, and, aware he was almost entirely ice, he still struggled to comprehend what was being done to him and why. He realised he looked into the huge whirling coloured eyes of the estani's cousin, the ice dragon. It was hugely shimmering and blindingly white. Through the ice that formed on his eyelids and forced his eyes shut, Lian struggled to look closer. As he lost physical awareness and became entombed in ice, he had the fanciful notion that two pair of eyes watched him, and that one set, the purple-violet eyes, belonged to Melas, while the others were the estani.
The white dragon stretched herself out below the block of suspended ice that swung gently above her. She flipped her left wing, spinning the block first one way and then another. She watched the block intently for a few moments, before she lifted her head and gave a last icy blast on it that made the block bounce and swing. The ice dragon ignored it. There was a monstrous blast of freezing air as she beat her wings vigorously to gain altitude, a smaller estani butterfly dragon with her. Behind her, Lian swung like a giant pendulum.
~~~
The little Ice Crystal dragon matured extremely rapidly, though she was by no means fully mature and wouldn't be for cycles yet. Her eyes were no longer milky but shone deepest and unusual purple. Her eye colour, unlike her kind, never changed, but she was old enough to choose what colour she would like her body to be. She most often favoured shades of blue as she flew in and out of Ice Isle learning dragon skills.
Though she was still very young, she had a formidable mind and was recognised as special by dragonkind, not just because she was a rare Ice Crystal dragon, but because it was known that, in some inexplicable way, the little dragonet was touched by both the Unseen and the Rox.
She had much to learn, her thirst for knowledge and self-awareness unquenchable. Estbane, who was an ancient dragon, adopted her and spent time with her. He was most fascinated by a colour change she sometimes chose that he'd never seen on dragonkind before. Goldlas would turn auburn copper, in deep rich tonings that looked quite beautiful, but when she wore this magnificent colour her violet/purple eyes wore a haunted, sad look the old dragon hadn't seen in dragon eyes for aeons. It troubled him. Estbane noticed she'd wear that particular hue for a day and then not again for a long spell.
~~~
This day, however, was different, because she wasn't on Ice Isle. She hovered just outside a Keep in southern Ambros, her directions for her return north clearly at the forefront of her mind, the heat surrounding her intense and uncomfortable. She knew there was another dragon presence, because it rumbled disconcertingly through her mind. She'd responded earlier, tentatively, and with considerable caution and respect. Now she received a question.
"Who are you, little Crystal?"
"I'm Goldlas," she replied, with the correct deference and courtesy.
"I'm Harth. I ask what you're doing in my sphere?"
"I call briefly, Respected Elder. I'm waiting."
"I could call the mage to advise him of your presence. I serve him on occasion."
"I don't come to threaten a sorcerer." A deep chuckle rumbled again in Goldlas' mind.
"Ah, but you do, little dragon, you do." The mirth subsided, before the voice spoke again. "You're doing something I suspect may be detrimental to the one to whom I'm bound, and doubtless, if I was to follow an unwilling binding, I'd respond as expected. However, I don't choose to. You should depart in haste, little Crystal, while I’m still of this mind."
The little dragon hesitated, turning uncertainly and conscious of discomfort.
"I'm withdrawing, Respected Elder," she sent, seeing at the same moment the faint, wavering outline of the tiny estani butterfly dragon who winged closer.
"You're wise. The mage has a vile temper you wouldn't wish to experience." The voice in Goldlas' mind faded.
She moved closer to the tiring estani whose wing beats were erratic in a way that showed she neared exhaustion. Goldlas extended her left wing so the tiny creature could shelter under her scales, then, making sure the estani was securely tucked in, the ice dragonet thankfully withdrew to a plateau in central Ambros.
There she settled gently on the ground, scarcely raising a dust, only a small spray with small stones shooting up in the air. Her small passenger floated free before the Crystal's descent, coming to ground a short distance away, with a minute cage held tightly in her diminutive claws. The estani crouched, still holding the cage protectively, while the young dragon swivelled her head from side to side.
"Come to me again," invited Goldlas gently, "and show me what you've brought for us."
She watched the estani lift the delicately wrought cage and flutter over to her, purple dragon eyes concentrating on what the estani had been directed to seek and find.
In the cage was a very faint flicker of light that wavered weakly, sometimes so faint as to seem to have momentarily winked out. Lifting a huge taloned foot, the ice dragon extended it carefully. The estani alighted on the enormous foot and gently placed the cage in the webbing between the two front talons.
The ice dragon lowered her head carefully to the little estani in a gesture of affection and gratitude, the estani reciprocating by touching her head to the talon she so elegantly and assuredly perched upon. Then the frail creature was gone.
Goldlas stared down at the faint glow in the cage, her purple eyes intent. After a pause, she raised her foot with talons still extended and horizontally stretched, then bent her head almost to the ground so that she could place the minute cage carefully in her mouth. Creating a monstrous draught of air, she beat her wings vigorously to gain altitude before flying directly northwest.


Yarilan Chronicles 2473, Crescent Astral Yarilo Cycle 2211.

We're astonished to be informed by Ice Isle that an Ice Crystal has hatched. This is news indeed! We rejoice for the dragonet, though we're puzzled by her presence, at such a tender age, brief as it was, in southern Ambros.
 
Sophos Rox, Venerable One, has contacted our Archmage. No doubt an explanation of these increasingly unusual events on Ambros has been forthcoming. The Archmage hasn't spoken to the mages on any aspect of the upheavals on Ambros. We'll be told when the time's considered appropriate.
 
The Archmage demands that all reports we receive are to go first to him. He was unsurprised by the news of an Ice Crystal, so we can only assume the Rox had already informed him of the fact.
 
Yarilan Chronicles.

I'm the Chronicler of Yarilo and now keep records of activities on Ambros, in both Yarilan and Ambrosian time. To avoid confusion, I'll mostly write the next chronicles in Ambrosian time.
 
You may ask, why do I do this? It's simply because Ambrosian time passes much more quickly than ours on Yarilo. Those who live on Ambros are born, mature and die within a short time span, and yet, Ambrosians compress an extraordinary amount into their lives. To fully comprehend the momentous events that are shaking the foundations of Ambros, I'll try to write as if I was present there, as an observer.
 
We've watched, with increasing distress and dismay, the advance of the Churchik army and its cruel assaults on the Samar city-states. Ortok fell a short time since. The city was razed and her people slaughtered or enslaved. As you are by now well aware, Ortok was of considerable interest to us. Its sack has deeply distressed our Archmage.
 
He's sent to the Mishtok, asking that all from the Conclave who've scattered across Ambros, be watchful for five male children, sons of Melas of Ortok. They are, but one, the sons of Alfar. They are named, from eldest to youngest, as follows: Sarehl, twins - Luton and Daxel, Bethel. All are raven-haired, the eldest are black-eyed. The fourth has purple eyes. The fifth son is named Brue, son of a southern merchant and Melas. He's copper-headed and blue-eyed.
 
The Archmage considers the finding of these children to be critical. We've sent to the Mishtok accordingly and await his reply. We still have no knowledge of the whereabouts of our senior mage, but assume that if he was in Ortok, he escaped. We believe, too, that many reader-seekers travel as slaves with the warlord. We await news of their fate with some anxiety.


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Daxel sat moodily amongst a clump of bushes, his long legs outstretched and his thin fingers plucked an auriol flower. He'd briefly left the camp, after seeing yet another arrival of wounded refugees being escorted by the riders from the south. These riders merely called themselves foresters. Of habit, Daxel looked eagerly over the arrivals desperately hoping to see his twin or any of his family, and though he knew it was probably a futile gesture, still Daxel was always the first on the scene. His dark eyes, painfully anxious, filled with tears of despair when he recognised no one.
His brother's agony recurred and swept across him, often at unexpected moments, and it was then Daxel wept for a twin he could neither touch nor help. When he saw none of his family, not even his uncle, Daxel felt choked and as if he had to get away, anywhere, to think and calm his agitation. Today, almost two seasons since the sack of Ortok he let himself think back to Sarehl as he'd not felt able to do. He tossed the remains of the flower to one side as he let himself remember.
~~~
Daxel stood in a garden on the morning Ortok was sacked. The sight of Sarehl was a happy one as he stood with his mate, Alicia, at their gate, pointing to something Daxel couldn't see. They had Brue staying for a few days, the small child crawling aimlessly across the grass towards a shrubbery Sarehl planted a cycle before. Daxel, turning over soil, saw the little fellow escape and grinned. He was next to the shrubbery as Brue came closer.
He noticed Sarehl held his daughter and Alicia had her hand rested on the shoulder of a child about Brue's age. Both children were dark-haired, Saren a black-eyed boy like his father and Chlo with the lighter hazel coloured eyes of their mother.
It was when Daxel looked up and along the street that he saw the riders advance at an impossibly fast pace, their horses coming to an abrupt halt at the gate. Before Daxel could scream a warning, the warriors were off their horses and through the gate, their intent apparent in drawn swords and knives. Daxel was the last person to see Sarehl's family alive. Sarehl was struck so violently with a sword his face was split apart, and, as he reeled from the blow, Chlo was torn from his arms. Seconds later, there was a sharp infant's cry. Two warriors already had Alicia on the ground, spread-eagled, her skirt torn and one warrior with a knife poised above her stomach.
At the same time as Daxel could hear her repeatedly scream for mercy, he saw Sarehl crawl towards his mate, his hunting knife drawn. Before the warriors were aware of his intention, Sarehl pulled Alicia's head back and in one swift stroke, cut her throat. The warrior who knelt over Alicia snarled. He turned on Sarehl in fury, while a second warrior drew his knife as he flung Sarehl backwards. Daxel made a move from the side of the house, but Sarehl spotted him. He weakly shook his bloodied head.
Daxel hesitated, then saw from the corner of his eye that a third warrior played with Saren by chasing the crawling and terrified child across the grass. Saren was despatched by two thrusts of a knife. The fourth warrior was busy with a dead baby. Daxel wanted to be sick. A hand went to his mouth to stop any screams. He saw little Brue crawl under a bush and he scrambled under one beyond the child.
Baulked of further prey, all four warriors returned to Sarehl who lay sprawled on the ground, his face suffused with blood. Daxel could hear them talk among themselves but he had no understanding of the language. In panic he thought of Lute.
"Shame they want young men for slaves, is it not?" snarled the first warrior, his boot busy savaging the prone figure. Daxel watched in disbelief and terror.
"He is barely alive. Let us finish him," said the second warrior.
"No," growled the first speaker. "Not that easily. He is not wanted, is he? He will die, be sure of that. Tie him by the wrists to the horse and see how he goes."
"I say kill him here. He is dead soon, if our orders concerning him are clear," complained the third warrior, as the fourth warrior already began to bind Sarehl's wrists together. The kicking of the prone figure didn't stop.
"If the horse does not kill him first," promised the first warrior, "you, Beduar, can ensure that when he is left he dies and not quickly.”
A boot went into Sarehl's hip again in a gesture of contempt, before he was dragged out the gate and tied, with a long rope, to the back of the nearest horse.
"I hope the horse kicks him to death," was the second warrior's vicious comment, as he swung himself into his saddle.
Daxel doubled over to be painfully sick, prayed the warriors were too busy to hear any sounds and put his head in his hands when he heard the horses canter back along the cobbled street. He couldn't look. Blood stained the ground and Sarehl’s family lay in sprawled and grotesque attitudes of death.
Daxel couldn’t stop trembling. Terror kept him immobile. The ghastly scene around him seemed unreal. He couldn't comprehend it. As he crouched, incapable of action, Luton's terror and unutterable anguish flooded him and sent Daxel into a hunched ball. Luton's howls stabbed through his brain like a skewer, his twin's terror and agony washing over and through Daxel until he thought he'd die. Curled up on the ground with his hands to his head, he began to scream and scream, without pause, until he was hoarse. The anguish from Luton eased. It stopped abruptly, leaving Daxel with a deadness more frightening than anything he'd ever known. He was conscious Luton was alive, but knew in that same instant he could neither touch nor reach out to him. He threw back his head and howled with grief and despair.
It was Brue's whimpering that brought Daxel to a realisation of his danger. He crawled from under the bush towards his little brother. Brue sat with his thumb in his mouth, the child next to the sprawled body of Saren, the blue eyes quite wild and the baby face tear-stained. Still on his hands and knees, Daxel pulled the little fellow into his arms, hugging him hard as tears slid down his face.
"I'm here," he repeated into the copper curls.
He elicited no more response other than pitiful shaking from the small body pressed hard against his. Clutching the child, Daxel began to crawl towards the wooded avenue that ran for some distance behind the houses, but didn't dare walk because he knew his legs wouldn't support him. He was slowed by the child who clung to him with strong fingers.
Daxel's next hours were a trial and a nightmare. He managed to crawl laboriously past the avenue of trees and down the long slope that took him past the scholar's cottage, already ablaze. So much around the boy was torched and well alight. Daxel called out in a despairing voice for the scholar, not expecting an answer and not getting one.
Daxel crawled slowly. He heard the crash of burning timbers and the roar of flames that licked the thatched roof, sparks from the thatch igniting fallen leaves. Myriad blazes sprang up to feed more sparks to clumps of bushes and shrubs and, as it was summer and very dry, Daxel became suddenly aware he and Brue were in real danger of being trapped in an inferno. Galvanised, Daxel swung the little boy up into his arms, staggered to his feet and ran in a blind panic for the common. He pulled up short of it, aghast.
Huge, roughly assembled multiple gibbets were being assembled - some already erected and occupied by bodies that swung gently or jerked every so often - and the boy could see what looked like crosses lying flat on the ground to which he saw people being fixed with spikes. With a sob of terror, Daxel didn't wait to see anymore.
Without thinking, he threw Brue over one shoulder and ran as fast as he could for the canals, plunging straight over the edge of the first one he reached. The water was high. The boy prayed Brue wouldn't protest while he tried to keep to the wall of the canal, barely able to keep his balance on the ledge. Several times he slipped and was dragged under by the little boy when he panicked and thrashed, the child grasping frantically at Daxel's hair. At times only Daxel's head and shoulders were above the water. Fear drove him. He blessed the small boy for his terrified silence.
Daxel jumped canals several times to reach the centre of the city where he thought he might have a chance of reorienting himself. As he hauled first himself, then his little brother over the lip of the canal, both of them shivering, he received another shock. Their teeth chattered, even though it was a balmy day. Again Daxel felt weakness in his legs. Forcing himself to remain standing, he clumsily tried to dry Brue, but the child pushed his hands away. Unexpectedly, the boy saw a discarded hunting knife at a short distance, walked over to retrieve it, and turned it over in his hands as he stared down at it.
He looked over to the city they had to cross to flee, his heart in his mouth. It didn't look like daylight with the heavy pall of smoke that already covered the city, and even from where the children stood, they could hear the relentless roar of fire, and echoing shrilly above it, screams. Daxel stood irresolute and paralysed for only a few minutes, then he lifted the child in his arms and began to run towards the city. Entering it, he ran from wall to wall, wondering with each step he took when they were going to be caught. He crept and ran, sometimes crawled, hid in gaping doorways, dodged falling masonry and tried unsuccessfully to avoid burning ground. His light summer boots were no protection. They burned. Brue uttered no sound.
When they paused for Daxel to get his breath, the boy saw two men approach. Immediately he crouched. He hauled Brue in close. Though he held the knife gripped with intent, Daxel was so frightened he felt as if he'd choke. The two men moved erratically, as if trying not to be seen. Daxel still didn't dare move. Then suddenly the men were over him. The boy was hauled to his feet and began to scream and scream, until he felt a hand slap his face very hard, spluttered, gasped and hiccupped for air. Brue clutched hard at his skin.
"Quiet, boy," came a voice. "Quiet, for the love of us all. Let go the child. He'll be safe with us."
As Daxel felt Brue taken from him, he raised the knife, and, with tears of fear and rage dripping off his chin, he lunged, felt his wrist jerked painfully back and saw the knife spin onto the cobbles. Then, as if in a never-ending nightmare, he found himself running beside someone who held him firmly, the boy scarcely aware of anyone's touch.
How long he ran he could never remember. He coughed repeatedly as he struggled to get his breath in the dense smoky atmosphere. His lungs felt clogged. He allowed himself to be pulled and bullied, pushed against walls, hauled into undergrowth and dragged backwards through burning doorways and over rubble. All around him was horror, blood and panic. Bodies littered the ground everywhere he looked. He dimly saw warriors rape screaming women, before despatching them, and people run to and fro, but all he was really conscious of was fire, heat and dust.
Terror was thick in the air. Beams of burning buildings crashed around him and when he stared upwards, the sky was a flickering orange-red. He felt stifled by dust and smoke and wanted to scream but no longer could. Images of people became indistinct. And still he kept running, until eventually he saw and felt nothing. Before he sank into oblivion, he remembered the agony of his feet and knew a wish to die, his last desperate thought of Luton as yet another surge of agony from his twin shook him.
~~~
A healer was brought to Daxel as he lay, barely conscious, in a clearing in Blenharm forest. Those gathered about the boy stood back. Daxel’s tormented screams and agonised cries disturbed everyone and set teeth on edge as the boy, yet again, curled up into a ball and howled. The healer was unable to reach Daxel, either mentally or physically, and finally, fearing for the boy’s sanity, heavily drugged him to relieve the mental pain. It was an act of kindness.
The little boy brought in with Daxel was gently removed, though he too screamed and clung to his brother. As he bore no resemblance to Daxel, it was assumed the older boy had simply rescued someone else’s child so Brue was immediately sent on to an orphanage hastily set up further north in the forest.
~~~
Daxel awoke to the soft springy feel of cushioning turf. Not really believing where he was, he opened his eyes to see sunlight filter through branches above. He lay still, luxuriating in greenery and comfort. The ground smelled sweetly damp as he rolled over to sniff it. He rolled back onto his side so he could nuffle at flowers that nodded lazily in the light breeze. The wild flowers were highly scented and made him sneeze. That hurt.
His senses gradually returned. He became aware of aches that wracked him, saw his boots were gone and in their place were rough bandages - he knew his feet were injured. He began, too, to remember. He thought of fires and burning feet. He knew if he sat he'd be sick so carefully eased himself onto his back, and his swimming head became still.
Slowly, the world came into focus. So did the boy's memory. Daxel wept, softly but very deeply, as if he was torn irreparably apart. Without his twin, he was. Then the boy vomited several times before he curled into a ball, too exhausted to do anything other than cry. He didn't hear anyone approach. In his misery, he wouldn't have cared if he had.
The man, who looked down sadly at Daxel, was old. His hair was grey, his salt and pepper beard wispy, and he walked with a decided limp. He stooped stiffly to touch the boy gently on the shoulder.
"Boy," he said quietly. Daxel began to cry again, sobs shaking him. “Child."
"I want to die."
"No, you don't," said the older man reprovingly. "That won't help matters, will it?"
"Who cares about what happens to me? My family’s probably dead and my elder brother -." Daxel choked and buried his head in his hands. The old man surveyed the boy for long moments before speaking.
"Lad, I can't ease your grief, or the terrible experience you've had. No one can. All I can say is, we all have to face a future that's uncertain. We must have the strength, each one of us, to work with one another to survive. I feel for you deeply, boy, you can believe that."
Daxel’s sob became a sniff. He accepted the linen the old man held down.
He mumbled his thanks, adding in a watery voice, "I can't walk."
"Can't you? Have you tried?"
"My feet are burned," said Daxel, a trace of crossness in his voice. That brought a faint smile to the old man's eyes. He peered down at the bandages.
"Yes," he agreed, "they are, but you've been here for nearly three days, you know, so I imagine they're healing quite well by now." Daxel stared up into the seamed face and the gentle hazel eyes.
"Three days? Have I slept for three days?" he asked incredulously.
"You were very distressed," explained the old man, "so they decided to keep you resting." He saw outrage in the black eyes and smiled in understanding. "For your feet," he added tactfully. "Can you get up if I assist, do you think?"
Daxel got to his knees, but his head swam unpleasantly and his knees were unaccountably wayward when they buckled at the first sign of effort. He waited for a few minutes, then took the old man's hand and clambered gingerly to his feet. He winced, because his soles were tender, and then he put his free hand unsteadily to his head.
"Giddy," he mumbled.
"Easy now. Lean on me, that's a good boy," said the old man encouragingly. This was so like how their uncle used to speak to them that Daxel stared hard at him. "Good boy," repeated the old man with a broad smile, nudging the boy as he spoke.
Walking slowly and with Daxel leaning heavily on the old man's arm, the two made progress to a forest clearing where a camp of sorts had obviously been hurriedly established. The people looked subdued. Their hands went out to the boy as he drew near in gestures of comfort and sympathy. His hair was gently ruffled and he was quietly spoken to. The old man led the boy over to a group of men busy discussing something that made them shake their heads every so often. They broke off their conversation when the man and boy approached. One of them turned.
"What have we here?" he asked calmly. He studied the young, white and strained face. The old man pushed Daxel gently forward before he went to lean against a tree.
"I'm Dase, son of Alfar."
"I'm Cardon." The man scrutinised Daxel with critical eyes. His appraisal obviously satisfied him. "You're to be answerable to me for everything, lad. In return, I'll ensure you're well fed and clothed and you'll spend your days with me as soon as you're able. You look as if the last days have been very rough. What's happened to you?" Cardon saw the young face pucker.
"Meth and Falmar brought him in," said the old man, in a tired voice. "The healer thought he might lose the boy, his mind was such -."
"Oh, yes," murmured Cardon. "I forgot. You've badly burned feet too, lad, haven't you?"
"Yes."
"How are they?"
"Sore," admitted Daxel.
"And the rest of you?" Daxel shuffled a little and Cardon was quickly beside him to hold the boy steady.
"Hungry," replied Daxel. Cardon laughed and patted his shoulder.
"That sounds promising, lad. Go and have your feet attended to, then you return to me so you can be fed. We'll need your help when possible. Everyone has to help in any way they can; do you understand?"
"Yes," answered Daxel, in a weary tone of voice.
"Off you go then, lad."
He was carefully turned to face a tent that bore a healer's sign. He looked for the old man, but he'd gone. Daxel limped painfully toward the tent, his eyes scanning the people as he went. He didn't see Brue or Luton in that first brief glance.
Daxel's physical recovery was swift. As the weeks passed, he adjusted to what was expected of him, taking orders easily and quick to obey. He was at a stage of rapid growth too. Nor was it long before the boyish roundness was gone. With the new gauntness in appearance, went a distinct personality change. Once extroverted, he was now quiet, introspective, pensive and tense, the loss of confidence about his identity dramatic. The trauma of displacement was very evident in the boy's expression. The loss of his identical twin was devastating.
The rebellious and engagingly naughty boy was gone. In his place was a thin boy who spoke seldom, developed very sharp wits, and was so changed that when he was moved north as a forager in Cardon's group, his family wouldn't have recognised him.
~~~
Daxel's mind came back to the present. He picked up the half-plucked auriol flower that he'd discarded and finished pulling off all the petals in an absent-minded way. Sighing, he realised he had to get back to camp.
These days his thin face was strained with a harshness to the eyes and expression that shouldn't be there in one so young. His voice was hard when he bothered to speak, Daxel even more introverted than he'd been in the very early days after the tragedy of Ortok. He was biddable, but the black eyes looked haunted and his response to everyone was the same. He was lifeless. He simply didn't smile and eschewed company when he could. He was a solitary boy. He was left alone these days by those who'd tried to draw him out and failed. It was known he'd lost all his family, Cardon believing the hurt went too deep and was irreparable, though, in his way, he befriended the boy as much as he could.
Daxel had been doing what he always did these days, foraging. He was tired and hungry on his return, but neither felt like food nor rest. His feet nearly always ached too, but he'd got used to that. He'd been commandeered to help dismantle the camp and that’s what he'd obligingly done all afternoon, until he suddenly needed to creep away from the chaos of yet another move north deeper into the forest, the bustle and noise forever round him, day after day. That was why he enjoyed foraging; it took him away from the crowds that were an ever-present part of camp life.
Even here where he now sat, his thoughts dwelling on Ortok and on the surges of terror and pain that came occasionally from Luton, he could still hear camp activity. It included the crying of the pitifully few children who left first. They were always sent north, some with the few lucky unified families, because it was considered the children were still vulnerable to attack. Children went to certain safety and this rule was applied without favour immediately any child arrived at the camp. Within days they were gone to the orphan and children's camps already established at the northern-most reaches of this huge forest, which was why Daxel was sure it was where little Brue was. His heart ached for a little boy so torn from all the people he knew.
He knew, too, that if Luton had escaped, his twin would have reached out to him by now. Daxel searched everywhere for him. He called to him repeatedly, desolation touching him as each succeeding day brought no sign. Though he felt blankness where his twin's presence should be, Daxel felt Luton wasn't dead but somehow removed and that frightened him even more.
Daxel knew he should get back to camp and began to walk a little wearily, no spring in his step. He turned slowly and looked around the spinney where he often come for solitude, aware that he'd be leaving, probably in the early morning, with the mass exodus north. He walked through the undergrowth and stopped at the edge of the camp, his eyes following the last of the children to leave. As they disappeared among the trees, it was as if they'd never been. He quickened his step and entered the camp to see what he could next do to help. Cardon immediately saw him. He called urgently and pointed to a small cavalcade coming towards the camp from the south and gestured for Daxel to go and help, as it seemed, from their slow progress, there were injured among the approaching refugees.
Daxel joined several other boys already running towards the group, slowing as he neared the cavalcade. Now that he was near them he understood their slowness, because the foresters led horses draped with the hurt, others carried litters of three worse injured, and carts of the wounded followed them.
Daxel reached the foresters and stood silent. He listened to what were the immediate needs of the injured, before he turned sharply and sprinted back to Cardon who waited, a frown in his eyes. Cardon nodded sharply. He considered for a moment, then quietly ordered Daxel to go and ask for more transportation to be organised for additional wounded. All wounded, the boy was told, would move out tomorrow. Daxel hadn’t seen the intent scrutiny he was subjected to by one of the arriving foresters.
~~~
Sarehl didn't remember being dragged behind the horse into the centre of Ortok, because he drifted in and out of consciousness. When alert he tried to keep his head from hitting the ground, but finally surrendered, hoping to die. The kicks he received from the horse shattered his right hip, cracked his left hip in several hairline fractures and mangled both legs, so badly, Sarehl was effectively crippled.
He didn't die. He was dragged by the horse out of the city, to the edge of the camp, where the warriors cut him loose. As he drifted in and out of awareness, Sarehl knew the warriors further brutalised him before they left him for dead. The next sensation he felt were rough hands lifting him. He knew he screamed. He heard laughter and then nothing. He drifted in and out of consciousness for some days, and later still, barely aware where he was, he heard a beseeching and very young voice call his name. Sarehl tried desperately to respond to the call of the younger brother he loved so dearly, hearing the despair and desperation as his name was repeated over and over. He knew he was within touching distance of Bethel, but could neither move nor speak. This episode became a vicious recurring nightmare. It haunted Sarehl. He knew he was helpless to assist the boy who was a son to him, though he tried to scream that he'd come when he could.
At the time, he barely knew the voice stopped or that again he was moved. He received water for only two days. There was no more. He forced himself to remain conscious, instinct telling him it was his one chance of survival.
His crushed hip and twisted legs stabbed with pain and his face was sheer agony, but he used the pain to keep himself sane, while he lay, day after day, following the last move. He had no food and no water. The flies settled on him even though he tried weakly to brush them away, nor did he know why he hadn't been slain. He suspected he was one casualty that was merely being left to slowly die, away from others. His death was to be lingering.
Sarehl knew he weakened as one day succeeded another. On this day, he gritted his teeth against a howl of pain as he rolled over on to his side. His vision was blurred, but he could see enough to recognise that he looked back at the slave pens, so, with a groan and clenching his teeth, he forced himself to roll back and onto his other side.
He sweated profusely and shook with effort. Feeling deeply nauseous and beginning to sob with the shafts of pain from his legs, he almost lost consciousness. He lay unmoving for the rest of the day, until in the evening, in the cool, his eyesight cleared enough for him to see what he thought was the outline of trees. He doubted if he could be seeing true, but continued to lie on his side throughout the night awaiting a dawn that would confirm what he desperately hoped he'd seen. When light came, Sarehl opened his eyes and looked to the north. Disbelievingly, he did see trees, not just a clump of them either - it was Blenharm forest. He almost gave way to despair: he could see hope, but it was so far away.
He realised the Churchik had carried him quite some distance from the immediate camp so his death wouldn't be a health hazard, and he knew the slave pens were behind him, without wire around the camp perimeter. He'd learned why not very quickly. He wondered if there were any others like him, but his mind shied rapidly from that to the question of his survival.
He was aware he'd been laid on a pallet of some sort that he could roll off on to the ground, but had no thoughts of what he'd do next. He just knew he couldn't stay where he was any longer. He rolled from the pallet. The small distance, from the pallet to the ground, jarred him to such an extent that he bit through his lower lip to refrain from screaming. He landed on his stomach. He lay still and tried to get his breath, and because his lower lip bled, he deliberately swallowed the blood. It was the first liquid he tasted in a long time.
After lying on the ground in the scorching heat for some time, Sarehl realised the only way he could move was by dragging himself along by his arms. He had no mobility from the waist down, so crawling on his stomach it had to be. His hands and arms were scarred and scabbed from the ride he'd endured, but he didn't think about the pain as he punished them again.
His progress was pitifully slow. He inched his long body along over the next four days, always turning his head back to see if anyone from the camp bothered to check his pallet. No one did. He still kept looking, as if to reassure himself that he indeed moved forward and no one could stop him. Scrubby bushes he struggled through hid his progress from anyone in the camp.
Over those days, he tried, through lips sliced by the sword, to eat dirt and suck the juices out of the stems of any plants he could find. On the third day he tasted a poisonous plant because he nearly tore himself apart retching, the paroxysms leaving him almost too weak to move. By the fourth morning, he was well beyond the camp and close to the outskirts of the forest, his need of pauses for rest increasing with fading strength. The burning heat of the sun made his struggle one of sheer willpower.
He knew he had another day's crawl before he'd have shelter among the smaller copses of younger trees closest to him. The effort was almost beyond him. He never knew what drove him as he tried to go faster, but the pain that engendered brought him to an abrupt halt. He literally forced himself to ignore the pain and move again, not to the first copse, but on to the second that was denser where there were eight young trees growing very closely together, their canopies entangled and extremely dense.
It began to rain an hour or so before, so Sarehl lay thankfully under the shelter of large leaves. Had he been in any fit state he'd have laughed at the irony. For many days he'd yearned for the drought to break, but now, with the rain becoming steadily heavier, he was relieved to be out of it. He wondered if Bethel was getting wet. That thought was too much. He rested his head on the ground and wept for himself and for his gentle little brother.
Sarehl hauled himself in as close to the trees as he could, wedging himself between the trunks of the two largest trees closest to the denser forest so that he’d be as inconspicuous as possible. He'd eaten more dirt and had drunk plenty of water, but while his body shrieked for rest, Sarehl was too tense to let himself sleep.
He heard the riders from some distance away and fought terror and panic. His throat was dry. His heart jumped uncomfortably. Sweat moistened his forehead and palms. He kept very still. The hoof-beats thundered nearer and Sarehl could plainly see it was a warrior security team doing a forest perimeter sweep from the camp. The horses were briefly pulled up at the first copse, where there was a lot of guttural shouting and arm waving, before the men rode on back to the camp. Sarehl felt too sick to move and couldn't stop trembling or retching, but even though it was dusk and coming night quickly, he finally decided he was too vulnerable and had to move.
Early the next morning, Sarehl reached well inside the border of Blenharm forest. It took him five days to reach there and to achieve it he'd pushed his body beyond its limits. He faded into unconsciousness.
~~~
A forester, named Ensore, cantered along the perimeter of the forest on an early morning patrol. He didn't see Sarehl at first. As he flashed past he thought he saw some thrown away clothing, and, aware that anything foraged was a boon he turned the horse and cantered back. He swung himself from the saddle and went over to inspect the mound of garments.
He stopped abruptly and went to his knees. The long body lying flat on its stomach was motionless. Ensore was moved by pity. Since he'd come north he'd seen tragic sights, but none touched him as this scene did. He stared down at an emaciated man, dark-haired and very, very tall, with deep scarring on hands and arms, some of it bleeding sluggishly, but what told him most were the twisted legs and shattered hip. The man's head, fallen to one side, showed a savage slash that almost cut his face in half. Ensore gently touched the hand flung forward.
The forester guessed the man had dragged himself from the Churchik camp, but how he could have done it was beyond belief. Ensore took off his cloak to cover the man decently and rose to leave. He hesitated. He never knew why he felt as he did, but he believed this man deserved a decent burial. He carefully wrapped the frail figure in his cloak, draped him over the horse, and went back to camp in a very thoughtful and sombre frame of mind.
When Ensore entered a small camp, four other foresters came forward to greet him. They were a small party that hadn't gone north, but were also from a much larger concentration of troops who stayed to pick up the stragglers still making it to the forest, many badly hurt. All were shocked and disoriented. The foresters kept these people together and guided them to camps where they could be cared for. As the weeks passed, there were fewer and fewer of them.
The foresters looked at the body draped over the horse but said nothing, just helping Ensore lift down the man who was no burden, the body was so light. When Ensore opened the cloak, the men looked at the man lying on his back. Each drew in breath involuntarily.
"Dear gods," murmured one of them. "Where did you find him?"
Ensore knelt to draw the cloak back across the obscenely distorted limbs, but as he did, he looked more closely at the man.
"Find me a glass," he said sharply. "This man's alive."
He bent his head to the man's chest, but could neither feel nor hear anything. When he was handed a piece of glass, he held it to the man's open mouth. It fogged. Ensore pocketed the glass and gently lifted Sarehl, carrying him across to a small tent where he was carefully laid on a pallet. The other foresters followed with wine, honey and an extra cloak.
Ensore sat on the pallet and lifted the man's head into his lap. The others sat close. No one spoke. They waited for over an hour. When Sarehl opened his eyes to the feel of a cool hand on his head he flinched back, terror in his eyes.
"You're with friends," said a calm voice. Sarehl tried to speak. "I repeat, you're with friends. No one will hurt you," came the voice again. Sarehl made an effort to move, then lay still. "Try if you can to drink a little for me," the voice went on.
Its calmness was reassuring, so Sarehl opened cracked lips to feel moisture on them. He swallowed twice, then closed his mouth. He felt a hand rub his lips, avoiding the sword slash. He licked them, to find them covered with something sticky and sweet, so licked more urgently, then lay quiet. He was covered with something that warmed him and was then left.
He slept. His dreams were feverishly jumbled nightmares that made him scream. The calm voice was always there telling him he was safe and would be unharmed and he dozed through a continuous haze of pain and fever. When he felt himself sponged, he tried to say his thanks, drank minute amounts when told to and licked constantly at the honey on his lips. He'd no idea how many days passed, only aware of waking properly quite suddenly. He had a feeling he wasn't alone. He turned his head slowly to look at his companion.
"Who?" he managed to croak. His voice was barely a whisper. When his companion looked up, surprised, then immediately came to his side to kneel on the ground next to him, Sarehl saw the man had a pleasant face with friendly, gentle gray eyes.
"I'm Ensore. How do you feel?"
"Weak," whispered Sarehl.
"I'm not surprised," responded Ensore. "We didn't think you'd survive. You've been drifting in and out of consciousness for several days now."
"Where?"
"Blenharm forest. We're foresters. You're quite safe with us."
"A boy -." Sarehl broke off.
"There was no one with you," answered Ensore, gently. "Do you have a name?"
"Sarehl, son of Alfar."
"From Ortok?" Sarehl nodded. "The boy?" Ensore took one of Sarehl's hands firmly in his. "You've cried out for a Bethel - is he your son?" He saw unutterable anguish in the black eyes.
"Young brother - slave pens." Sarehl's voice faltered.
"No boy has come through recently, my friend. I'm deeply sorry." Sarehl turned his head away. "Tell me," went on Ensore. "How did you get from the Churchik camp?"
"Crawled," came the faint answer. Sarehl's eyes closed.
"Then you're a remarkably brave man." There was a note of deep respect in Ensore's voice. "But now you must sleep." Sarehl already drifted.
~~~
The following day, Ensore found Sarehl, though still very weak, more alert. He knelt beside Sarehl, lifted him against his shoulder, and, holding a cup to the badly cut mouth, the forester tilted the container. He repeated the gesture until the liquid was gone, then he eased Sarehl back on the cushions, saying quietly, "That'll do for now. Will you let me sponge your face?"
Sarehl's brow was furrowed with pain. His cracked lips compressed and his hands clenched into fists. Ensore put down the cloth and lifted a small goblet that he held to Sarehl's lips.
"Drink. It'll help ease your pain."
When Sarehl's eyes opened, Ensore saw they'd again clouded with pain and the resurgence of fever. There was no clarity and no recognition. Ensore pushed firmly but gently with the goblet against Sarehl's teeth. Wine, dosed heavily with angwort, trickled down his throat.
That evening, the foresters held a discussion while they sat around the fire, eating a late meal. Their conversation concerned Sarehl. If the man didn't receive treatment from an experienced healer he'd die and soon, or, as one argued, the trip north could kill him.
While the other foresters curled up next to the dying fire to sleep Ensore attended to other injured, then stayed on guard, his mind too active to sleep. He checked that Sarehl rested. He tried, as the night progressed, to calm the ravings that woke everyone in the camp. Sometimes he could calm Sarehl when the man was in the grip of terror and pain, but more often he couldn't. Sarehl was beyond help. Ensore listened to the screaming for Bethel, hour after hour, and heard the mumbled pleas for Alicia, Saren and Myme Chlo, this followed by calls to Dase, Lute and Chlo. Ensore prowled up and down. By dawn, he'd made a decision.
Sarehl was placed on a litter and lifted into a wagon with the other wounded who'd trickled into the forest over the last few weeks. Camp was broken, and by mid-morning the small cavalcade headed north. Normally Ensore rode, but this time he wanted to be next to Sarehl in the wagon. A less wounded refugee rode in his place.
Ensore took over Sarehl's care. He kept the man heavily dosed with angwort, hoping it wouldn't have any serious side effects. It helped to keep Sarehl calm. It also noticeably deadened pain because he couldn’t have borne the jolting of the wagon otherwise. When Sarehl moaned or raved, Ensore listened and talked quietly to him. It seemed to offer comfort.
Sarehl’s fever intensified. A large suppurating scab covered the wound. Ensore often held Sarehl in his arms and he'd just look down at him, knowing the man had very little time left. They travelled as fast as they dared. Ensore noticed Sarehl was quiet and biddable. He sensed the man had no more fight, and wondered, as he looked sadly down at the badly scarred face, if this was the end. If it was, he reflected, then at least it was peaceful. Ensore watched Sarehl close his eyes on a faint sigh. He refused to move if Sarehl was only asleep.
The following morning Sarehl woke with clearer eyes, the fever briefly broken. Relieved by this positive sign Ensore eased Sarehl back onto the litter and clambered from the wagon, his limbs cramped. He looked about and realised, with a deep sense of relief, they neared a camp.
An hour later he saw movement through the trees and in moments a group of youths came rushing up. Ensore looked carefully at them, wondering if one of them was called Bethel, one youth a likely boy, he thought, tall and thin with very long black curls that hung lank about his shoulders. There was a strong similarity to Sarehl, though it was hard to tell with Sarehl's face so badly cut. The boy in question asked a forester what they needed and didn't see Ensore's scrutiny.
Ensore found the healer he sought, the man organising assorted bottles, phials and sachets into bundles for the imminent move north. Ensore stood at the tent flap, speaking urgently.
"Kaleb?"
The healer turned. He was a small man of late middle age, with tawny hair and clear translucent eyes that were thoughtful and kindly. Seeing who called him, he put down the bundle in his hands and gestured to the forester to enter, a welcoming smile in his unusual eyes.
"Ens, my dear friend," he murmured, his hands out. When Ensore didn't respond and remained standing at the entrance, Kaleb looked searchingly at him, saying quietly, "What's the matter?" Ensore took a step forward, his hand going out helplessly.
"Come quickly."
The healer fell to his knees at the tone of urgency and searched through bundles he had to untie. He spoke as he sought.
"What's the most urgent need?" he asked curtly.
"Severe fever and even worse infection." Ensore paused, then added, "Pain that's unrelenting."
"Spare me a moment." Kaleb tossed two bundles aside and grasped a third one that he pulled open. He lifted a phial from a pouch and rose quickly. "Take me to whoever."
Kaleb saw several litters and sighed, knowing that he'd have to unpack all his medicines to treat this new influx of injured. He noticed that one litter was set apart from the others. It was carefully placed under a tree for shade and so it was also sheltered from the wind that blew daily at this time of cycle in mid Ambros. It came as no surprise that Ensore should lead him to that litter.
He stopped and looked down. Ensore didn't speak. Kaleb dropped quickly to his knees to take the sick man's slack hand in his, briefly lifted the man's eyelids, took a sachet and tipped its contents into a cup. Fluid from a phial followed. So did water from a flask Ensore held down.
They managed to pour some of the liquid down Sarehl's throat, but not much. As he swallowed reluctantly, Sarehl's eyes opened. They met the healer's, to show Kaleb they were black and clouded, clearing only enough for the man to briefly focus on the one above him.
"I'm a healer," Kaleb said quietly. "Ensore, lift him again." Ensore lifted the dark head a second time and Kaleb tipped more of the mixture through the closed lips. "Be a good lad," he coaxed. "This truly will help, you must believe me." Sarehl's eyes opened again and showed surprise. Kaleb smiled down at him. "You're not so very old, are you?"
Kaleb stayed kneeling beside Sarehl for a long while, quietly watching him, one limp hand held in both of his and he only relaxed when he noticed, with a smile of satisfaction, that Sarehl's breathing eased and wasn't shallow. He let his hand slip to Sarehl's wrist, held it firmly for a moment, then looked across at Ensore as he laid the hand gently on the pallet.
"That's much too close for comfort," he said austerely. Thoughtfully stroking his beard, Ensore stared at the still figure.
"How bad is he?" he asked, already sure of the answer.
"Bluntly, very. I'm surprised you got him here. Only indomitable spirit holds him." Kaleb rose and the frown was back in his eyes. "He should rest more comfortably than he's done for weeks by the look of him. He'll feel little pain when he wakes. What've you given him?"
"Angwort," was the response. "He's been in severe pain for a very long time."
"Won’t you accompany me to my tent so you can tell me about this man?"
Kaleb took Ensore's arm and led him directly back to the tent. Ensore lounged on Kaleb's pallet, leaned back on his elbows and after he'd watched the healer make an infusion, accepted the steaming mug gratefully, his tired eyes brightening. Kaleb knelt and rocked back on his heels so he could eye the forester meditatively.
"You'd best tell me about this one," he suggested. Ensore sipped carefully.
"There's not much to tell," he sighed, "but I'll tell you what I've gleaned."
Kaleb watched his friend's face as Ensore spoke, the forester's gestures and expressions telling the healer more than words. When Ensore fell silent, the healer rose and began to walk about.
"What did you say his name is?" he asked, rubbing his forehead absently.
"Sarehl, eldest son of Alfar."
Kaleb spun round. "What did you say?" Ensore stared at him, took a final drink from the mug before he hauled himself off the pallet and handed the mug to Kaleb.
"His name's Sarehl," he repeated.
"Yes, yes, I got that - but son of whom?"
"Alfar. What's the matter with you, Kaleb?" Ensore stretched.
"We have a son of Alfar in the camp. He was thought to be orphaned and is a sad boy."
"Do you indeed?" Ensore looked eagerly at Kaleb. "Is his name Bethel, by any chance?" Kaleb saw the expression in the forester's gray eyes and reluctantly shook his head. Ensore heaved a very deep sigh. "Is this one a very tall, gangly boy, with long dark hair?" Kaleb had to grin again.
"That's Dase. So you've met, have you?"
"Very briefly." Ensore studied his boot pensively. "I suppose I'll have to seek him out. Can he see his brother?"
"Leave Sarehl until later today," suggested Kaleb. "I don't want him awake or moved until I can get to work on him, but seeing his brother shouldn't hurt him." He stopped, then added with a cautionary note to his voice. "The boy's already very deeply hurt. It's likely he'll get a nasty shock when he sees the state his brother's in. You'd better be there."
"I will be." Ensore continued to study his boot. "There's no Bethel here?"
"Not that I know of," responded Kaleb, watching the forester curiously. "Why, is he important?"
"He is to Sarehl. He's causing him as much agony of mind as anything else." Ensore looked grimly at the healer. "You'll hear for yourself when he begins to scream," he promised. "I don't think I've witnessed anything like this and I've dealt with seriously injured for seasons now. It's almost as if this Bethel is a vital part of what makes the man, and he is critical to Sarehl’s sanity and wellbeing."
"Why is he so different from the others?" asked Kaleb gently. Ensore gave a reluctant smile.
"His courage is remarkable. His tenacity to live even more so, but..." The forester seemed to hunt for words and couldn't find them easily. He shrugged. "I think he's meant to live, as one who's survived impossible odds."
"I'll do all I can," promised Kaleb, "but you know what that means - it'll be a rough few hours for him as well as us. I just hope we can pull him through."


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Daxel hauled one of the large workhorses, rescued from Ortok, towards a cumbersome trailer that was used for the transportation of the injured. It was set at a distance from the boy and the horse was clearly unwilling to move. As the boy struggled over ruts with the recalcitrant animal and swore softly at its reluctance, he looked up to see a forester, whom he didn't know, watching him. He gave a shy and rueful grin in response to the forester's smile.
"Are you Dase, son of Alfar?" the forester asked quietly. He saw a shadow cross the young face and the grin faded. Daxel stopped trying to pull the horse and stood still, his head tilted enquiringly.
"Aye," he responded dully, "I am."
The forester came over and stared down at him for a moment, then, without a word, he laid a hand next to Daxel's on the bridle and pulled hard. The horse snorted, but put one hairy hoof after the other to come close to the trailer.
"You hold him, boy, while I attach him." Nothing further was said until the horse was properly harnessed to the trailer and then the forester stood back, surveying horse and boy. "How old are you, lad?" he asked, still in the quiet voice.
"Nearly thirteen cycles." The forester continued to look speculatively at the boy.
"What do you do other than hitch horses to carts?" Daxel patted the horse, then turned away.
"My group works under Cardon. We're foragers, though I did fight in a few skirmishes early on, before we were sent north."
"Did you indeed?" murmured the forester, his eyebrows raised. There was displeased surprise in his tone. "I wish to speak with you, boy." Courteously, Daxel turned back to face the forester who beckoned him closer. "I have a surprise for you, child. You'll come with me."
Daxel looked startled, but he fell into step with the older man readily enough. This forester was quite unlike Cardon or Raemon. He wasn't as old as they were, only in his mid to late twenty cycles, was tall and slim, and had a smile in his eyes that encouraged Daxel to relax. Like those who were in authority over the boy, this man had a decided air of authority too, but his was tempered by an easy manner.
Ensore companionably put his hand on the boy's thin shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. The forester hadn't missed apprehension in the big, black eyes, or the tension in the stick-like figure. They didn't speak. After skirting it for a short way, they entered the camp close to where the group of recently arrived injured lay on litters and were coaxed to drink by the foresters and other camp folk. Dappled sunlight fell around the boy and the forester. The forester halted Daxel. He spoke in a restrained way.
"I wish you not to get a shock, young man." Daxel stared at Ensore puzzled and alarmed, but obeyed the pressure on his back to keep walking. He was guided to a litter set apart and there he was silently halted, though one strong hand still gripped his shoulder.
Daxel looked down. He gave a choked cry, fell to his knees and bent over the prostrate form. When he glanced up briefly, the forester was gone. Daxel knelt with bowed head for a very long time, unaware of anything other than the still figure beside him. He stared intently at the ravaged and scarred face of the tall man, pitifully thin, then gently, he traced a feather-light finger across the black-bearded jaw-line in a gesture of love. As he did, the injured man's eyes sleepily opened. They were black. Daxel saw suffering in their depths, but they met other tear-filled black eyes in a look of disbelief as great as Daxel's.
"Dase? Lute?" came a whispered, husky voice. Daxel couldn't speak. Tears rolled down his cheeks and fell on to the hand he clasped in both of his.
~~~
Early that evening, Ensore and Kaleb carried Sarehl, on his litter, into Kaleb's tent. Ensore wasn't looking forward to the next few hours, but he knew what had to be done and he'd do it, though it didn't mean he had to enjoy it. He accepted he felt squeamish. Smashed bones and joints had to be re-set.
Sarehl was lifted to a mattress the healer placed on boxes in the centre of the tent and there he was surrounded by lanterns, carefully placed around the makeshift theatre, to cast as much light as possible. Ensore looked at the instruments neatly laid out and swallowed hard. Kaleb didn't notice. He stared at the still sleeping man.
When Kaleb finally straightened, Ensore could see the sword slash properly. The thick, ugly and blackened scab now gone, Ensore could see a cleaned, very deep, long gash, and he gave a sigh of relief when he realised how much better the wound looked. The next step tried Ensore's fortitude sorely. He knew about resetting bones, of abilities to graft bone and remove splinters, and he could admire the healer's skill, but he was relieved Sarehl was unaware what Kaleb did. It seemed a long time before the forester finished helping the healer tie splints firmly in place. Sarehl looked like a laid out corpse flat on his back, absolutely straight and motionless, but even so, Ensore drew a deep breath of relief as he got shakily to his feet. He saw Kaleb hold out a goblet to him.
"What's that?"
"Just drink it. It'll help."
"How is he?"
"He'll do for now. He's still with us. I'll keep watch over him for the rest of the night."
"Will he live?"
"If he still has the will and he comes through this in the next few days, he may well do so." Kaleb paused and his forehead furrowed with a deep frown. "You're quite right. His mind's deeply troubled by this younger brother. He's also lost other than the Bethel boy, too. He cries out for a woman and what I think are other children, Dase included. He's not just hurt in body, is he?" Ensore shook his head and turned to look down at the still figure.
"Has seeing his brother helped?"
"Yes," said Kaleb, unexpectedly. "A great deal. He may be what Sarehl begins to live for. Ensore," he began, paused, then began again. "Don't raise your hopes too high. He may live, he may not. He's so weak, sometimes even with the best will and skills we can do no more than I've done." Ensore moved over to the little healer.
"I understand." Kaleb smiled up at him.
"Go and tell that fretting boy his brother's still alive."
~~~
Ensore arrived at the healer's tent just before dawn, and entered quietly, to find Kaleb squatting beside Sarehl, a cup in his hand. When the healer looked up, Ensore could tell he'd endured a very bad night. Sarehl lay still, with his arms outflung and his head to one side. The vicious gash down his face looked considerably less angry than it did the night before and the man's colour was no longer like parchment. Sarehl was very pale certainly, but his face didn't so closely resemble a death mask.
"Did you get any sleep?" Ensore enquired, kneeling to look more closely at Sarehl.
"None at all. His fever got worse, but I think it’s finally broken. It took everything I knew to break it." As he spoke, Kaleb hauled himself to his feet. "I've just given him another dose so he should stay calm." Kaleb rubbed at his eyes. "Be a friend and stay with him while I have a short respite."
Kaleb quietly left the tent. Ensore put a gentle hand to Sarehl's forehead and felt it was damp. As he took his hand away, a voice murmured very faintly.
"Dase?"
"No, Sarehl. It's Ensore."
"Oh." Ensore didn't miss the relief in the voice.
"The boy's all right," he said reassuringly. "I'll bring him to you shortly."
"Care for him," came weakly. "Care for Dase for me." Sarehl struggled to touch Ensore's arm with his free hand.
"You can care for him yourself when you're feeling stronger," answered Ensore. He took the groping hands in his.
"Care for the boy," repeated Sarehl. "Promise me." The forester spoke softly.
"If it'll ease your mind, I promise I'll take over the boy until you can do so yourself."
The tension in the hands he held lessened. Sarehl mumbled something incoherent and was then still.
Kaleb came in, rubbing his head and beard dry. He took off one tunic in exchange for another, then hunted around for his boots that he found pushed to one side of his medicine chest. With a sigh, he sat and pulled them on. Kaleb threw himself wearily into a chair and glanced up at his friend.
"I can't go north and leave him you realise, don't you?"
"I accept that. Who'll go?"
"I'll send Konor. He's very proficient and can call on other healers further through the forest if he has to. I'd suggest the numbers of wounded escaping will drop now, am I right?"
"Few will be survivors now." Ensore stared at the ground thoughtfully. "Will you stay here with Sarehl?"
"He'll die if I don't," was the blunt reply. Kaleb paused, chewing on his lower lip. "Do you return northwest through the forest?"
"No, I won't go for a while yet." Ensore sat opposite Kaleb and gave a rueful smile. "Besides, I can't. Sarehl's asked me to look after the boy and he's not fit to come to a southern troop. How old is he? I did ask, but I've forgotten."
"Twelve or thirteen cycles I'd guess."
"He's only a child."
"He's not, you know," contradicted Kaleb. He got a long measuring stare from Ensore and added sadly, "Few of them are. Some of them are almost like little old men, and others, like Dase, have lost their youth and their ability to laugh."
Ensore sighed and asked sheepishly, "What do you do with a boy that age?" Kaleb heard the sigh.
"You teach him the arts of war."
"Yes," said a quiet, unexpected voice. Both men turned to look down at Sarehl who lay wide-awake regarding them.
"Oho, so you're awake, are you?" said Kaleb, crossing to the pallet. "How do you feel?" Ensore rose and knelt beside Kaleb. Sarehl put a hand to his face to cautiously touch the edge of the gash.
"This is very much easier," he murmured. "Thank you, healer." Ensore noticed Sarehl's gaze up at them was lazy and little pain showed in the eyes.
"How do your legs feel?" he asked quietly.
"Strange," admitted Sarehl. "I don't feel such pain as was there before. Or," he mumbled, "the pain's different."
"That's good. It should be easier now bones are back in place and splinters removed, though you're full of broken bones at the moment. You'll drink this for me." While Kaleb spoke, he mixed a drink in a goblet that he now held to Sarehl's lips. "Drink," he said firmly.
Sarehl managed to raise the goblet and drank by himself.
~~~
Daxel was tired. His mind was full of his brother. He found it difficult to concentrate and when he was ordered to do anything he did it in a detached manner, his mind preoccupied. He was part of a camp that disassembled at speed. Daxel remembered the first few moves after the refugees flooded into the forest. They'd been drawn out, muddled affairs, but now moves went smoothly because everyone knew what to do and when to do it, everything removed and the forest took back ownership as though no one had ever been present. This time, however, a small cluster of tents remained huddled on the western side of the camp to be occupied by the foresters, the healer and one of the injured.
Most of those hurt had already left with the rest of the refugees who moved north. Daxel heard talk that there was to be a meeting up of the refugee camps over the next cycle, well north of where this current group went and assumed he and Sarehl would leave this morning in the last group. He wasn't sure whether to be sorry or sad. He watched as the carts, trailers and horses began to move in a slow file, refugees finding seats wherever they could, those who couldn't cadge rides merely beginning a long trudge as Daxel would soon do. He thought he'd seldom seen as sad a sight as displaced people reduced to this. He blinked very hard.
As he stood there with the sun glinting on his dark hair, he became aware of someone close to him. It was Cardon. Daxel turned his head and found himself looking across at a man who studied him quietly.
"You've grown some more, lad," Cardon commented cheerfully. "You’ll get taller if you follow your brother. Now, Dase, I want you to listen. I'm moving on. You aren't." He saw surprise in the dark eyes and went on before the boy could speak. "I may not see you for some time because you're staying here to care for your brother. By the time he's fit to travel, I’ll be beyond catching. You'll be answerable to Ensore from now on." He paused again. Daxel looked expectantly at him. "Aye, you'll do. They'll make a fighter of you yet." He laughed. "Just mind you do as Ensore says. He's not one for repeating himself, though you'd go a long way to find a kinder man or one more deserving of respect. I like him." He put an arm round Daxel and hugged him hard. He felt the boy's quivering response. Cardon playfully, but gently, shook the boy. "You look to yourself, lad, and take care now, you hear?"
He was gone on the words. He strode over to a horse tethered to a tree, Daxel watched him mount and raised his hand in farewell. When Cardon waved back and spurred his horse forward, Daxel watched until the horse and rider faded from sight, then the boy crouched and wept softly, bereft of his only friend.
~~~
The small group left in camp gathered round a fire and talked quietly among themselves. Daxel wasn't included in conversations. He kept to the outer edge of the group and quietly ate his meal, his big dark eyes going from one man's face to another. He was left alone. He was happier that way, not wishing to converse and not daring to ask where his brother was, though he looked surreptitiously around. There was light-hearted laughter and banter. It all passed over Daxel. He was conscious none of these men were Samars.
He finished eating and lay back to stare into the canopy of trees, the moonlight filtering through them on to the glade below. It was peaceful and Daxel dozed. A voice, asking if he'd eaten, woke him. Startled, he mumbled an affirmative, sat, and nearly collided with the large figure bent over him.
"Get up, lad, get up. You’re supposed to be with me. Where were you then?"
Recognising Ensore's voice, Daxel rubbed his eyes, took the hand held down to him and felt the strength in the hand that pulled him to his feet.
"They needed help with cooking. Then I must've gone to sleep."
"Very good," said the quiet voice. "But from now on you do as I say - always. Do you understand that?" Daxel looked up at Ensore uncertainly in the half-light, to find the forester stared hard back at him. He nodded. "Sarehl and I've talked about you. Your brother's asked me to look after you until he's better." Ensore ruffled the boy's curls in a kindly gesture. "Appalling prospect, isn't it?" chuckled the forester. Daxel tried to make out the man's expression.
"No," he answered shyly.
"You need a bath and your hair cut, child. As you are, someone could grab your long curly locks and do you a mischief. There’s a second pallet in my tent for you. When you’re not caring for your brother, you can start basic training with us. Do you wish to?"
"Yes, sir."
"Don't call me sir. To have to live up to the expectations of such a title horrifies me. Call me Ensore." The forester couldn't see the rare grin on the boy's face, but he knew it was there.
Two hours later Daxel went over to the mattress Ensore told him was his and sank onto it, aware of aching feet and creeping tiredness. He put a hand to shorter hair. Nearly dry it feathered all over his head instead of hanging loose and lank. He pulled off boots, put them neatly at the end of the bed, quickly stripped then curled up, pulling the covers rather haphazardly over himself. Within minutes he was sound asleep, his cheek pillowed on one hand.
When Ensore finally entered the tent he held the lantern over the boy, but a little to one side, so as not to waken him. He stooped and pulled the blanket more securely over Daxel's shoulders, then satisfied all was well with the child, walked outside again.
The next morning Daxel was woken by a sharp shake on his shoulder and a curt command to be smart about it. He blinked, bleary-eyed, at his mentor. Ensore, fully dressed, stared down at him.
"It's well past dawn. Go and wash and be back here in five minutes."
Still half-asleep, Daxel yanked on his boots and grumbling to himself, pulled the thongs tight and flung on clothes. Outside it was only half-light so he couldn't see very clearly, only conscious that he was cold. He peered through the gloom to see the men make their way to the pool some yards distant from the camp and reluctantly followed. He burst into the tent with youthful enthusiasm, to find Ensore throwing his cloak over his shoulders. The forester paused. He looked over at Daxel with an intent expression.
"You're cold, lad."
It was a statement, not a question. Daxel nodded. Ensore shrugged himself out of the cloak and crossing to Daxel, threw it round the thin figure. Since Ensore wasn't just tall but was also well formed, the cloak wound right round the boy's body and was very warm.
"Thank you," Daxel murmured, "but you'll be cold instead of me."
"True," agreed Ensore, "but I can easily get another cloak. You can't. You'll keep it. I've no wish to nurse a sick child. Besides, you've no flesh on those tall lanky bones of yours. I'll survive." Ensore paused and eyed Daxel thoughtfully. "Dase, as I said, I’ve promised Sarehl I’ll care for you, but there’s not much time any of us can give to the young. There’s too much to do, so many people to help, and so few hours in a day. Do you understand?" Daxel nodded. Ensore went on gently, "Can you tell me anything about your brother?" Ensore saw unspeakable anguish in eyes that fleetingly met his and thought he understood. "Not about the invasion of Ortok, child. You can’t think about that, can you?"
Daxel couldn’t speak. Ensore waited a few moments.
"How old is Sarehl?"
"Nearly twenty cycles."
"The healer says he thinks, from your brother’s feverish bouts, that Sarehl had a wife – did he?" There was a nod. "And children?" A second nod followed. "And you are one of several siblings?" There was a third and final nod. Daxel crouched and curled into a ball. Ensore went down beside him and leaned across. "Can I offer you any comfort, child?"
His arms went round the thin, rigid shoulders and he eased the boy back so he could hold him, his voice soft and reassuring. Ensore didn’t speak of family to Daxel again because it clearly caused the boy too much suffering. When Daxel was more composed and smiled wanly at Ensore, the forester helped the boy to his feet and pushed Daxel from the tent out towards the fire that began to glow. Men hunkered quietly in front of it, all of them looking up as Ensore and the boy approached.
Ensore stood Daxel still, saying calmly, "You should know these men, lad. To your right, is Kalor. He's a Cyrenic. Next to him's Dalmin, a Qaran, and beside him is Sache who's from Dakhilah. Arth's also a Qaran, but he's from the east where Dalmin comes from the west. This boy, my friends, is a Samar from Ortok, and, as you know, our patient is his elder brother. This lad answers to Dase."
Daxel felt a hand upraised to touch his.
"Be easy, lad," said a deep voice. "We're all in this together."
Realising it was the Cyrenic, Daxel looked shyly at the man who'd spoken, only to see that the forester's eyes sparkled and he had a fascinating smile that crinkled the corners of his eyes. Involuntarily, Daxel smiled back. Ensore helped himself to bread, mulled wine, and crouched close to the fire. He indicated Daxel do likewise.
"Eat your fill, boy," he was told. "You'll need it, not just because it's cold but for your growth. You seem to come from very tall stock, judging by the look of your brother."
They ate in silence, Daxel aware the forester didn't like casual conversation. There was mostly silence around the fire. It was very early morning and there'd been a sharp frost, the leaves with a white brittle overlay that crunched under foot, so none of the men looked either warm or comfortable. Ensore was soon on his feet and Daxel followed. The forester pointed at the farthest tent.
"Over there, boy, you'll find your brother. Go and take care of him." He stroked his beard thoughtfully. "Let me know if he has any special needs, won't you?" The boy nodded. He watched the forester stride away calling in a jovial way to someone through the gloom.
Cautiously, Daxel made his way to the tent, trying not to crackle leaves or sticks. He stooped at the entrance and then crept quietly across the ground. It was very cold, but he was warm in Ensore's cloak. Through the dull light, he could just make out a form lying on a mattress, crossed to it and looked down, drawing in his breath. Sarehl lay on his back, his arms across his chest and his lower limbs, no longer twisted, stretched straight. His face was clean but sallow, the scab, so black and festeringly ugly, gone, which made the gash look so much less disfiguring. Daxel gave a small sob. His brother was warmly draped in heavy blankets overlaid with a cloak such as Daxel now wore.
Daxel sat beside his brother and waited, watching the face that looked calmer and not etched with pain, aware that probably he looked at his only surviving sibling, other than Brue. He was so watchful, he wasn't aware anyone had entered the tent, until he suddenly looked up to see a looming figure at the end of the mattress. As he went to leap defensively to his feet, a voice spoke quietly.
"I'm the camp healer, child. I answer to Kaleb." The healer saw the tense young figure relax and went on. "Ensore asked me to come. Is he still asleep?"
"Yes, I think so," Daxel whispered.
"No I'm not," came a murmur. "Is that you, Dase?" Daxel leaned over and touched Sarehl's hand. It was held firmly.
"I'm here, Sar. So's the healer."
Sarehl sighed. Kaleb pulled out a phial. Deliberately, he forced Sarehl's mouth open and poured the contents down his throat. Sarehl tried to close his mouth to make the liquid seep through his lips.
"No you don't," murmured the healer, keeping Sarehl's jaw locked. "Come now, lad, swallow," he coaxed. Sarehl relaxed and the fluid went down, its effect so sudden Sarehl's eyes opened calm and steady, to regard Kaleb with interest.
"What did you give me?" he whispered. "I feel nothing." Kaleb smiled down into the black eyes.
"You'll do for the moment, young lad." He stood and waited until he saw the eyes close, then turned his head to look down at the boy. "Ensore will be here shortly."
As noiselessly as he'd come, the healer was gone. Daxel couldn't recollect having seen him before and the healer's looks weren't Samar.
~~~
Sarehl's convalescence progressed steadily. There was no recurrence of the fever that so wracked him for weeks. Though he remained frail and weak, Ensore saw more life in the eyes and heard increasing strength in the deep, mellow voice. Nearly four weeks after Sarehl was brought to the camp, the forester had his first glimpse of how stubborn Sarehl could be. Medicine Kaleb gave him in the first two weeks, with such drastic effect, Sarehl now fought. Ensore noticed with amusement the struggle Sarehl put up and commented on this one morning when the healer came from his tent, an empty beaker in his hand.
"Did he take it?" the forester asked, with a grin.
"Barely," Kaleb replied. "I'm going to have to change his medicine."
"He has a very strong will, hasn't he?" The forester yawned deeply.
"That in itself is doubtless good." Kaleb stretched. "We know how he survived and we know he'll heal. What's not good, is how fighting slows the healing process." Ensore sighed.
"What'll you do?"
"There's one way he can't fight me."
"He'll try." Kaleb looked speculatively at the forester.
"He won't succeed."
"I believe you, Kaleb. I've never doubted your talents as a most skilled healer. I’d hate to be as helpless as Sarehl." There was a smile in the forester's eyes as he looked back at the healer.
"Wise of you," approved Kaleb, stamping his feet. "It's such a long winter the further north you go. Will spring ever come?"
"We're used to the south's shorter cold seasons," teased Ensore. "Dase tells me the weather's warmed."
"He's young," was Kaleb's comment, as he shivered.
Ensore just laughed and went into the tent, kneeling down beside the pallet. Sarehl opened his eyes.
"The boy -."
"Is with me. You'll see him later as you usually do."
"The healer..." The voice slowed to a halt. The forester looked down at the wasted frame and felt he had to agree with Kaleb that Sarehl was by far too frail to expend energy on conversation. He spoke calmly.
"You must let Kaleb know best. He's a Yazd and one of the finest healers you'll find anywhere on Ambros. You must trust him." Ensore chuckled. "Give in to him. He'll always get his own way, you know. Healers do."


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

When the attack came on Ortok, Bethel was just leaving the Aesthetics Academy. He saw the mass of warriors sweep down the avenue and stood paralysed with fright while swords swept in arcs and citizens fell. He felt himself caught in powerful arms and was thrust across a horse face down, so hard the breath was knocked from him. He lay still, conscious of a strong hand that held him prone.
When the horse was finally drawn to a halt, Bethel was tumbled from it to the ground where, when a boot found contact with his ribs he cringed, curling up defensively with an arm protectively about his head. He was hauled roughly to his feet, and, with many others, was pushed and shoved until he found his back to railings that held him steady. And there he stayed, trying to get his wind. He knew he cried with terror and shock, because he tried to brush the tears away with a hand that shook pitiably.
When he calmed a little, he realised he was crammed into a pen with many others, all so tightly pressed together they could scarcely move. A whip constantly cracked around them. The sobs that could be heard from first one prisoner, then another, made Bethel whimper, his head bent in his hands, and, by the afternoon he knew what the guards did with knives to man and boy. It terrified him. Cowering against the railings he hoped desperately the knives being used so deliberately wouldn't touch him. He watched, too, in mute horror, as prisoners were dragged out from pens all round him so they could be held spread-eagled on the ground and branded. The boy's body rippled with revulsion. He cringed back and behind others whenever one of the barkashads, the slave overseers, approached his pen. Bethel prayed no one would notice him. He mercifully avoided the ritual breaking with canes that was an integral part of reducing captives to slave status.
Having been early captured and penned, Bethel didn't witness the final sack of his home, though he saw enough rape and slaughter to make his mind reel. Over the next few days he was shifted from pen to pen, his life spared because he was considered of value as a slave. It would take only one warrior to notice him and he'd be taken to the caravan destined for the boy market in Churchik's premier slave city of Chika, and, even though so-called "pretty boys" had a less gruelling passage south, they suffered at the hands of the overseers. These men used the boys before they were finally sold to the popular boy harems where many a warrior passed a pleasurable hour, the life of a harem boy one of abject misery and degradation.
Bethel struggled to cope with the brutality he witnessed all around him, day after day. He didn't see any of his older brothers and realised, with a sudden surge of terror, that he'd have to try to survive on his own. To this end, and to block out the awful sights and sounds that assailed him, he began to practise the mental blocking skills Myme Chlo had taught him. He forced himself to do this, hour after hour.
Two weeks passed slowly. They were torture for Bethel. Like the others, he became filthy and was hungry. Helpless, he crouched as hard up against the railings of whatever pen he found himself in, gnawing on bread and straining for any share of the rationed water. When they were sluiced down every second day, he fought anyone he could to touch some moisture but he was rarely especially successful. He'd been a slender boy. Now he looked so thin he appeared delicate. His eyes held a heart-wrenching desolation.
After two weeks, Bethel did see one of his brothers. Wounded captives who were to be dealt with, and Bethel now knew that meant execution, were dumped beside the slave pens. On this morning, Bethel peered through the slats to see the brother who'd been a father to him, Sarehl so still the boy thought he was dead. The wounds were so dreadful Bethel felt nausea threaten to choke him. He looked round for water, but there was none. He could only move so far because heavy chains held him. Though he tried to put a hand through the slats to touch Sarehl he was unable to reach him, instead calling gently and beseechingly to him. Sarehl was incapable of response. In agony, Bethel saw guards move along the line of wounded, bloodied knives flashing in the sunlight as they advanced. Occasionally a pallet was moved, but infrequently. Bethel suddenly sat, sickness overcoming him as he was squashed hard against the railings and watched the guards come closer. He felt dizzy relief when he saw two of them lift Sarehl's pallet and move away with it.
More days drifted by. There were fewer cries and screams as time passed. No one spoke in the pens and certainly no one had interest in a boy, especially since the men in the pens changed constantly. Bethel never knew when his turn would come. He crouched still, always in fear. Each group the guards took seemed to leave him behind, and that was in spite of the boy knowing slave caravans had been assembling for some days, one of which he guessed he'd be chained to very soon.
~~~
On this evening, as Bethel leaned against the railing unable to find room to sleep, two guards ambled past looking in disinterestedly. It was barely twilight, so the lantern they hooked to the pen wasn't necessary. Its feeble light, however, highlighted Bethel and one of the guards whistled.
"This one looks a likely boy," he commented.
"How'd we miss him before?" agreed the other, grinning. "The dirt barely disguises what'll be appreciated, eh?"
"Very pretty he is, isn't he?"
Bethel was unchained and hustled from the pen. The guards laughed heartily and gesticulated while he was handled, pushed from one to the other and hauled along between them. One spoke in the guttural language Bethel had learned to understand.
"He's filthy."
"We'll clean him a bit."
Bethel was pulled along for quite some distance beyond his pen, until abruptly he was yanked to a standstill. The method of cleaning him was very rough and the guards hurt him, but at least his face and upper body were no longer covered in a thick layer of grime. Naked from the waist up, he was taken to a smaller pen. Because it was now dark, Bethel couldn't see what was in there and stumbled over limbs that curled up to give him room. The two guards picked up a loose chain, locked the boy to the pen gate, and then, enormously pleased with themselves, sauntered away.
Bethel crept to the end of his chain and squatted, not daring to move for a while and conscious he now didn't even possess so much as a shirt. Then he realised he wasn't cramped as he'd been for so many weeks, and gingerly spread himself so that he was comfortable. Sobbing quietly, he finally drifted to sleep.
~~~
Late that same evening, Lodestok took a leisurely stroll down to the youth pen. He was in the habit of looking in there before he retired and usually took one or two of the boys with him. Few of them lasted more than a night, at the most two; they either were marked for death or general slavery, or, most commonly, the warlord became so bored with them he handed them over to his warriors to do whatever they wished with them.
Where many southerners accepted relationships between males as commonplace, northerners didn't. No one in Lodestok's army thought his predilection for attractive boys at all odd, but what caused continuing speculation and awe was the brutality and cruelty with which he treated them. Every warrior knew Sarssen. Not one of them could pretend they hadn't seen the results of what his relationship with the warlord cost him.
On this particular evening, Bethel met his fate. The air was still warm and sultry without any sign of the drought, that had gripped Samar for weeks, breaking and giving relief. The warlord quickened his pace. He stopped at the youth pen without much interest. The boys were always in reasonable condition, if generally thin, chained certainly, but cleaned and fed. Lodestok unhooked the lantern that hung on the pen and casually held it over the five youths huddled there. He drew in his breath sharply. The lantern shook.
Lying there was a youthful adonis, no more than a boy, at most Lodestok calculated, ten or eleven cycles. The warlord had never sighted beauty to match this resting figure. The youngster's skin was flawless like creamed marble. Long jet curls, tangled now and lank, tumbled down around his shoulders and framed an oval, almost heart-shaped face that, in repose, the warlord saw was a classically moulded face of gentle beauty and innocence, though thin. His throat briefly constricted. The eyes, when open, were purple and hugely luminous; the mouth, sensuously full-lipped, curved upwards at the corners; and both neck and body were long and slender, even delicate, but as yet unformed and almost girlish. The eyelashes were preposterously long, thick and darkly curling, and when closed they splashed the soft cheeks, just as they did now. Long artistic fingers were relaxed. Lodestok was astonished to see such unsullied beauty lying there. His pulse raced.
He reached into the pen to the dozing boy, and, as he was thereafter to do, he rudely jerked up Bethel's head by grabbing his curls. The enormous velvety eyes opened directly into the warlord's and stared up, Lodestok barely able to restrain a gasp at the sight of them.
"What is your name, my beautiful little bud?" The boy didn't squirm, though the grip on his hair hurt.
"Bethel."
"Do you know who I am?"
"Yes."
"Yes ‘my lord’ is how you address me, little flower bud," purred Lodestok, punctuating this with a sharp tug on the boy's hair. He dropped a key at Bethel's feet. "Unlock your chains. You will come with me." Bethel obeyed immediately.
He was roughly hauled up and over the pen, to stand in front of the southern warlord. He was unable to see much of Lodestok because the warlord held the lantern over him, but what the boy did see, in outline, was a hugely muscular man, six feet seven inches tall in his bare feet, with a deep-barrelled chest and long blond hair that matched a very long and bushy red-gold beard and long silky moustache. From the figure surveying him, Bethel had a sense of overwhelming power, strength and authority. It made him feel very small and defenceless. The warlord looked long at the boy.
"Do you know why I want you?" Bethel nodded and then yelped when a large hand slapped him hard across a cheek. "What did you say, little bud?" Bethel put a hand to his smarting cheek.
"Yes, my lord."
"I doubt," was the contemptuous reply, "if you have any idea at all." Bethel quickly learned the value of discretion, stood respectfully still and made no answer. "You learn quickly, do you not, boy? That is very much better."
Lodestok pulled a fine gold chain from his breeches pocket, clipped it round Bethel's wrist and sauntered from the pen, tugging on the chain as he went. Bethel's heart hammered against his ribs. His mouth felt dry as he tried to keep up with this giant of a man, but the warlord's strides were such that he found it difficult. Every so often, Lodestok turned back and paused, waiting for the boy to come level with him, then gave Bethel an admonitory shove ahead of him. Bethel decided the only way to keep pace was to run, so he did. It kept him close to the warlord's heels. Lodestok glanced down and noticed this with some amusement, though he made no comment.
The dirt track stamped out to reach the slave pens gave way to cobbles and Bethel found himself trotting along the edge of the canals where only months earlier he'd argued here with his brothers over a catch, before all three indulged in a lazy fun-fight. The memory made him give a small sob. Then he decided, at that instant, that he wouldn't let the past affect the mind lessons Myme Chlo taught him. With a determination and maturity unusual in one so very young, he resolved to banish all thoughts of other than survival. He wasn't sure he would survive, because he'd heard enough of Lodestok to doubt he'd even see a new day. That brought a new dread and fear into his mind.
He suddenly stumbled and tripped on a broken paving stone. As he began to fall, he was held in an enormously powerful grip and swung round, in mid-air, to face the common that was several yards to his left. In the murky night gloom the boy could see silhouettes, some swinging gently from multiple gibbets and others hanging limply from crosses. Bethel felt gorge rise and quickly swallowed, deliberately staring without seeing. Abruptly, he was dropped to the ground. The contact jarred his teeth. He heard the soft, deep voice above him.
"Look and see what awaits you if you anger or displease me, little boy. Your life is worth very little, young bud. You should learn now what I can do to people and I want you to remember that I have chosen to own you." There was a long silence and then the warlord added, "As long as I want you."
It was a sinister rider that Bethel understood very well. He shivered, even though the night was very warm.
The campsite Bethel was led through was vaster than he could comprehend, with fires stretching into the distance as far as his night vision let him see, the noise and movement overwhelming for the boy because he'd adjusted to weeks of isolation and being cramped in a pen. He was confused and disoriented. When he was thrust through the entrance of a pavilion, the sudden lantern lights blinded him and again he stumbled, stood still uncertainly and blinked rapidly.
His eyes slowly focused. They fixed on the figure of another giant, blond man, whom he noticed was considerably younger than the warlord. This warrior stepped forward immediately, bending his head respectfully.
"My lord," he greeted the older man.
Lodestok unlocked the chain from Bethel's wrist, saying, "Witness what has just been found, young Sarssen."
Sarssen looked down with an expression of cynical curiosity. When Bethel looked shyly back at him, instantly Sarssen's expression changed and he deliberately moved so he wasn't in Bethel's immediate line of vision. Bethel didn't look at him again. He stared at the ground. The warlord lounged over to a deep and comfortable chair, sank into it and stretched.
"A pretty little fellow, is he not?" he asked affably.
"Certainly out of the common way," agreed Sarssen.
"Face me, boy." Bethel turned obediently. "Yes," mused Lodestok, stroking his whiskers, "A remarkably pretty young bud. You should clean quite well." He sat in the chair for some minutes and eyed Bethel. There was a noticeably feral and lascivious look in the warlord's pale eyes as he did so and his glance from the boy's head to his feet made Bethel feel naked. He blushed. "Ah, the child is modest as well. How delightful and refreshingly unusual. It will add piquancy to a relief of tedium that has made me feel somewhat jaded." Lodestok chuckled, but it didn't sound like the laughter Bethel had grown up with. "Now who would have thought it?" continued the amused voice. "Sarssen, you will have him prepared - one hour should suffice. And Sarssen, make it clearly understood he is for me. I will let it be known if he is to be made available in a general way."
"Certainly, my lord."
Lodestok got to his feet and left the pavilion without a backward glance. Sarssen was left facing the boy.
Bethel stood motionless, but as soon as Sarssen made a move towards him, the boy retreated as far as he could. His eyes were wide and his lips trembled. Sarssen waited for the tears that invariably followed, but they didn't come. Instead Bethel lifted his head and swallowed hard, daring a quick look up at Sarssen from under his long lashes. He thought he saw a glint in the older man's eyes that looked like compassion, but it passed so quickly Bethel could never be sure he'd seen anything at all. Sarssen strode across to him and not unkindly tossed him easily over one shoulder.
The next hour surprised, embarrassed, and astonished Bethel. He was quickly stripped of filthy, torn rags and lifted into a large wooden tub, where his body was expertly washed by many hands and his hair cleaned by two slaves. After being quickly dried, he was made to stand still for body oil. He blushed deeply. The oil was highly scented and made him want to gag.
His nails, on both hands and feet, were manicured and painted. His ankles were linked with a comparatively short but fine, gold chain that was very strong. He tried surreptitiously to break the chain. It stayed firm. His ears were painfully pierced, twice on each lobe. It wasn't gently done and it made his eyes water. What surprised Bethel most was to see a slave produce heavy, ornate, two-inch long, filigree earrings that another slave took and hung from the boy's ears. The earrings were so heavy they pulled Bethel's head forward. His fingers were adorned with rings of precious stones and gold bracelets of various design ringed his arms up to his elbows.
His curly mane was roughly dried, brushed vigorously, and then powdered with a gold-flecked powder even more highly scented than the oil. Bethel wrinkled his nose distastefully then sneezed. His long curls were tightly plaited, before being wound round his head. This pulled on his neck and was most uncomfortable. Worse was to come when a slave torc, emblazoned with Lodestok's mark, was snapped about his neck. Bethel felt he'd find it impossible to move. The torc was wide. He knew what it signified and that he’d always wear it, because with chains it was simply another step into slavery.
He was sat on a chest so Sarssen could attend to his face. This made Bethel squirm. No one had ever painted his cheeks and lips and he found the sensation unpleasant. Sarssen ignored him. The boy's cheeks were dusted. His lips were outlined in gold before painted deep red, his eyes lined with charcoal, the eyelids painted from blue at the lashes to deeper violet at the eyebrows and his eyelashes were combed.
Bethel knew he was ready for whatever was to come because all the slaves left, leaving Sarssen to stand looking at him, frowning a little. The warrior moved over to the bed, lifted a long, gold-threaded robe that he brought across to the boy, pulled it over Bethel's head and indicated the boy was to put his arms through the sleeves. The robe just swept the ground. Sarssen produced a broad sash that he quietly placed about the boy's waist, knotted it and let the tasselled ends fall free. The warrior gave a tight smile when he gave the boy a last look, thinking as he did how different this beautiful boy would look in the morning; that was if the child was still alive.
"You do not know how to serve a lord, boy, do you?"
"No," replied Bethel, licking lips that felt strange.
"I thought not," commented Sarssen. "Come over here and I shall show you."
The boy tended to move gingerly at first, having momentarily lost his natural grace. He was aware of discomfort but that eased as he concentrated on what he was told to do. After a short while he moved more fluidly, obeyed every command he was given and repeated them until he knew exactly what was required of him for the night to come.
"Sit!" ordered Sarssen finally. He stood back and surveyed the boy quietly. "You want to survive, boy, do you not?"
"Yes," came a small voice.
"Then listen well. The warlord takes what he wants, when he wants it. Let him. Give him what he wants and do not show pain. He is also my master. That is my advice to you. If you follow it, we may meet again. If not -." Sarssen broke off with a shrug. "You will find out for yourself soon enough. Come now."
Bethel stared at the ground. His heart began to race. After they left the pavilion, Bethel found he provoked howls, hoots, whistles, much laughter, was relentlessly poked and prodded and had comments tossed at him as he passed. He found himself blushing hotly, but gritted his teeth and followed as closely as he could to Sarssen.
The walk seemed slow, but that was because the boy couldn't take strides; his ankle chains only permitted him to take small steps. By the time they arrived at an ornate, very large, squared silk pavilion the jeering had stopped and Bethel realised, with a sinking heart, that his moment had come. He hung back, unwilling to enter. Sarssen seemed not to notice as he took one clammy hand in his and entered, the slender boy unwillingly pulled along beside him.
~~~
The warlord looked up from a huge bed he lounged on and an appreciative smile split his grim countenance.
"Sarssen boy, and on the hour." Sarssen stepped to one side and dropped the boy's hand.
"My lord," he bowed.
"Such a piece of perfection," sighed Lodestok, his eyes travelling up and down the boy. "I am pleased with your appearance, child. You do not offer immediate disappointment. That augurs well. And Sarssen," he added very gently, so gently that Bethel shivered, "I wish there to be no interruptions tonight." Sarssen smiled bleakly, gave Bethel a quick shove forward and left.
Bethel swallowed a large lump in his throat, because the warlord got to his feet and the boy could now truly realise, for the first time, how physically powerful this giant was. Bethel trembled.
"Well now, my little bud, we shall have to show you how to unfurl your petals, shall we not?"
"My lord," managed Bethel nervously.
Lodestok crossed to a cabinet and lifted out two large goblets and an even larger carafe of red wine. He held these out to Bethel.
"You begin your life, as my slave, by pouring out the wine, boy." Bethel hastened to do so. "That way I have a chance to really look at you, with full appreciation, of course. Turn to face me - yes, that is better." Bethel filled the goblets, placed the carafe on a side table and hesitated, overawed by the warlord's sheer size. "Now, little bud, you bring the goblets over to me."
Lodestok had sauntered back to the bed and now lounged on one elbow, watching the boy kneel as he'd been shown. He saw amused approval on the grim face. "Very good, little one. You will sit beside me and talk with me." Bethel did, looking as if he'd as lief sit next to a wild animal. "Drink your wine, boy," he was curtly instructed.
The warlord downed his wine in three draughts. Bethel only sipped his and got a fright when Lodestok took his goblet, tilted his head and poured the wine down his throat. Bethel choked and coughed.
"Now we shall have more wine," purred the warlord agreeably. "Go and get it."
As the hours advanced, the talking became desultory, Bethel suddenly aware the warlord toyed with him. The wine got steadily lower in the carafe. Bethel, who'd seldom drunk wine, felt decidedly giddy, so much so that when he returned with full goblets for the seventh time he lurched in front of Lodestok who caught him and pulled him roughly on to the bed. The wine spilled, but the warlord didn't seem to notice.
Bethel sat. He felt the pavilion go round and round. He felt sick as well as dizzy and was only vaguely aware of Lodestok making him turn his head so he had to look into the warlord's cold pale eyes. He dimly heard the deep, silky voice at his ear and shuddered, but he couldn't answer because he felt so peculiar. The pavilion began to rock and spin faster in Bethel's vision. He closed his eyes. He tried to stay upright and was conscious the goblet was removed from his suddenly slack hand. A very strong hand pushed him none too gently onto the cushions.
~~~
Bethel opened his eyes and lay motionless, licking at swollen lips. He was limp. He felt mauled and ached. A dull, relentless pain throbbed from his feet to his chest, his head pounded viciously and he was deeply nauseous. His dozing had been troubled, because he learned very quickly the warlord didn't encourage sleep in his boys and knew, too, his drunkenness was a blessing. His very hazy recollection of the night made him shake with dread and revulsion.
He looked nervously to his right and studied the warlord who lay sprawled, an arm outflung, a grim smile about his lips, the cold eyes closed, and the barrel chest, covered by thick blond hair, rising and falling evenly. The mane of long blond curls was dishevelled and fell away from a cruel face the boy was too terrified to look at for any length of time. The boy noticed the beard was redder than he'd thought the night before and it was tangled. Bethel took in the rich multiple earrings, the rings adorning each finger, the bracelets that ringed even the upper arms and the opulent bejewelled collar and necklaces. The warlord looked powerful and formidable.
Bethel knew deep fear as he stared briefly at the massive warrior immediately next to him. He felt vulnerable and trapped. At the same time, a small spark of defiant hatred and loathing for what the warlord had done to him burned in Bethel. He had a desperate hope Lodestok would tire of him soon and kill him, because it would be preferable to what he now suffered which the boy instinctively knew would be repeated for as long as the warlord kept him. Bethel was shaken by a deep shudder.
As the boy thought this, the arctic eyes opened and lighted on him. Bethel lay still, breath catching in his throat as he flinched from the touch. However, all the warlord did was lazily unplait the mostly now loose but tousled dark hair and shake it free, then when the curls tumbled about Bethel's shoulders and back, Lodestok gave a satisfied sigh. His hand began to play with them.
This was interrupted by Sarssen who entered the pavilion with a loaded tray in his hands. He unobtrusively set out the food and drinks on a table at the far side of the pavilion and waited for Lodestok to turn on to his side and gesture the younger man to approach.
"Good morning, boy," he greeted him affably. Sarssen stood next to the bed, bowing deeply.
"Good morning, my lord."
The warlord rolled onto his back and looked down at Bethel who closed his eyes and kept them shut. Lodestok looked back up at Sarssen with some amusement, a glint in his eyes.
"I do not wish to be disturbed, boy. Do I make myself clear?"
Sarssen nodded understanding, his eyes flickering to Bethel. He watched Lodestok run a finger from the boy's throat to his chest, Sarssen noticing how pale the boy's face was, and, when Bethel opened his eyes and looked directly up at him, how anguished the large eyes were. He drew his own conclusions, felt profound pity for the boy, but accepted he had to ignore the plea in the big expressive eyes. He'd been forced to become inured to this over cycles, though he felt in some way this child was different. He turned to leave but paused, noticing the near empty carafe and picking it up.
"Do you wish for more wine, my lord?"
"Bring it later," was the lazy response. "I do not need it."
Sarssen agreed, but as he glanced briefly at the boy again, he thought Bethel was badly in need of it. However, Sarssen just shrugged and quietly left the pavilion, aware as he did that the boy's experience of life as the warlord’s boy only began.
Bethel closed his eyes again so he didn't have to look into cold and gloating eyes. He turned onto his side, bitter tears wetting the cushions as he wept for the older brother who'd always been there for him and never let him be hurt. He felt the warlord's hand move again, the touch just one of casual ownership.
~~~
Sarssen heard the child’s wrenching cry as he left his own pavilion. He stopped. The cry went through him like a knife and took him back, yet again, to a small boy at the warlord’s mercy for the first time. Sarssen shook his head and braced himself for another scream. None came. Puzzled, he waited, closer to the warlord’s pavilion. No sound came. In his mind’s eye, he kept seeing the haunted purple eyes that looked so directly up into his and had to give himself a mental shake as he went about his business, only to suddenly stop, his expression arrested. Fleetingly, pain and anguish touched his mind, on and off, highly erratic and uncontrolled. He was considerably startled and wondered if someone in the slave pens had unknown ability, even if it was clearly untrained. He frowned. The sensation was of someone quite young. Then it was gone.
Sarssen waited for a recurrence. It came, then abruptly stopped. He decided if it came again, it would be wise to promptly arrest and contain it before those like Lokar and Jaden experienced the same sensation and tracked it to source. Again he waited. This time, as the sensation came, it was fainter though more anguished and though it made Sarssen’s skin crawl, he managed to divert the startlingly powerful surge into a safer channel where it could be controlled. His frown was ferocious.
At the first and only cry, Lokar, the warlord’s senior reader/seeker, looked up from what he was reading with a faint smile as he realised the warlord amused himself with yet another boy. He shrugged and went back to his book.
~~~
Shock and humiliation passed, pain an accepted part of the boy's existence. The spark of defiant hatred died. Bethel had no energy for any emotion, other than a wish to survive as he practised what Myme Chlo taught him and took small comfort from that as the hours with the warlord passed.
He learned very quickly to do whatever was demanded of him, only once abhorrence and fear making the boy refuse. Lodestok's method of exacting compliance was instant and vicious. Choking on strangled sobs, Bethel, cowed and badly hurting, obeyed. Over this brief span of time Bethel was coerced to abject submission, the warlord's domination absolute, all that was done to the boy making his status painfully clear. Emotionally and physically, Bethel’s subjection was complete. The boy was a mere possession, nothing more.
Bethel’s enforced submission was quite unlike that of other slaves who learned to instantly obey. Bethel, in some way, went beyond mere obedience. His surrender was absolute. His subconscious made him sublimate a whole part of himself as an instinctual survival mechanism and that, in combination with what Myme Chlo taught him, made the mechanism activate itself in a way that wasn’t a conscious thing – Bethel had no awareness of it.
On the second morning, Sarssen entered the warlord's pavilion to find Lodestok fully clad and striding up and down in his energetic way, a frown on his face. Upon Sarssen entering, the warlord looked up and crossed to him, took the tray and placed it on the table.
"In a good hour, boy. Sit and eat with me."
There was little conversation because Lodestok was never communicative in the early morning and Sarssen only gave the still figure on the bed a quick glance, as he wondered idly, and somewhat sadly, if perhaps this lovely boy had died after all. He sighed faintly, thinking it was rare for any boy to last as long as this.
It was as he drained his tankard that he saw a slight movement on the bed and heard a sigh. Sarssen was surprised and gratified his first reading of the boy was correct; he'd thought the boy was not only different but had unusual resilience. He thought about the sensations he’d caught repeatedly the day before and wondered if they could possibly come from this child. A smile the warlord didn't see touched the warrior's green eyes. Lodestok also heard the sigh. A sardonic smile played about his mouth as he turned to look across the pavilion.
"So you are awake now, are you, little bud?" The figure on the bed propped itself wearily on its elbows and looked blearily at the two men at the table.
"Yes, my lord."
Already Bethel could understand the basics of southern language, though he could speak barely any of it because it was so complex and usually sounded harshly guttural. What startled him was the warlord's grasp of Samar. It was a language he'd obviously taught himself to be fluent in, as was Sarssen, but was a language he preferred not to use. He only occasionally lapsed into it with Bethel because he realised the boy was confused and simply didn't understand.
It was also apparent the warlord expected his slaves to very quickly learn to comprehend him, either through visual signs or through a smattering of Churchik. It was a lesson already learned by Bethel. What made things easier for him was that neither the warlord, nor Sarssen, had the guttural intonation he heard all round him, but indeed spoke clearly and without a trace of southern accent.
"I have no need of you today. You will go with Sarssen." Lodestok spoke in Samar.
"Yes, my lord," was the repeated assent, followed by a prodigious yawn.
"And, petal -." Lodestok paused, studying his tankard before he glanced amused at Sarssen. "Such a charming name for him, do you not think so? A bud unfurling petals?" He turned from Sarssen before the younger man had to make a response and directed his voice back across the pavilion to Bethel. "You will obey Sarssen as you would myself - or else..." The voice was silky and full of threat.
"I will, my lord."
"I am sure you will be wise enough to do so, petal." Lodestok turned back to Sarssen, his hand extended. He now spoke in Churchik. "This is his key. He wears his chains at all times - unless he is with me. Do you understand?" Sarssen took the key.
"Entirely, my lord. What do you wish me to do with him?" Lodestok shrugged indifferently.
"He needs a bath, so you can start with that." The warlord drained his tankard, got to his feet and strode over to the bed. He looked down. His words were to Sarssen. "I shall keep him. He is, I have discovered, as yet unmarked, a fact I find surprising. You will immediately both mark and brand him so that, should the child be foolish enough to attempt to escape, he can be returned to me for instant retribution. The mark will not be such as to disfigure this most charming of countenances, Sarssen." Lodestok stared down at Bethel with a steely gaze and the boy quivered, though he'd not entirely understood what was said. The tone implied enough. "Just make sure he is with me early this evening. I expect him to be watched."
On those words, the warlord turned on his heel and left the pavilion.
Bethel hauled himself up the huge bed, shivering uncontrollably even though outside it was already warm and would get steadily hotter until nightfall. He sat there with a fur pulled round him for warmth, and looked nervously and beseechingly across at Sarssen who lounged in a chair studying him.
"Well, little boy, you have so far survived." He spoke in fluent Samar. Bethel's teeth chattered.
"Yes." He thought an affirmative was safe enough.
"You seem to have taken our lord's fancy, do you not?"
Bethel didn't answer. The shivering made his very deep aches and pains worse. Nausea gripped him. Sarssen rose in a leisurely way, crossed to the bed and put out a hand imperatively. Unwillingly, Bethel took it. The skin fell away and he was tumbled to the ground. Sarssen looked hard at the boy for a moment. He realised the boy was too battered and sore to help himself, plucked the skin from the bed, stooped to wrap it round the shaking figure, and lifted the very slight boy into his arms. He was conscious of the dark head that fell back onto his chest.
Bethel relaxed in the tub, the warmth that seeped through him making him forget the pain. His first bath was hurried. This was a pleasure even if the water made cuts from the warlord’s more ferocious moments sting. Lying there in a reverie he let his thoughts drift and even briefly forgot what the warlord had done to him and instead thought only of his home and his family. As one day passed he lived for the next. He felt a certain pride in that, against all odds, he was still alive. He let his head fall back and without being aware of it, fell asleep.
When Sarssen returned, he stared down at the sleeping boy in some amusement. He stooped and shook him.
"Time you were out, boy. Get yourself dried and put on these clothes."
Sarssen nodded across at the armful he’d laid on his bed. Warily, Bethel clambered from the tub. Sarssen ignored him. He went over to a table, sat at it, drew a long curved knife from the sheath on the belt he wore at his hips, and picked up a whetstone that he methodically used to sharpen the knife. As Bethel pulled on the breeches, he looked across uneasily at the warrior because he remembered what he'd thought were the warlord's last words. His unease increased when Sarssen put the whetstone down and ran his finger over the edge of the knife. Bethel's mouth felt drier than ever. His fingers shook as he pulled the shirt over his head and utterly refused to do up the buttons on his jerkin, so he stopped trying. He pulled on boots that were too tight but simply laced them. He sat still.
"Comb your hair, boy," Sarssen ordered.
He noticed the bath had helped the boy considerably, Bethel moving with only a slight limp and a trace of stiffness. While Sarssen still lounged comfortably, Bethel looked round for a comb and finding one, obligingly dragged it through the long curls. Finished, he put down the comb. He stood uncertainly.
"Now then, pretty boy, come over here," Sarssen said quietly. Bethel hesitated. Sarssen looked up sharply. "Do not make me come and get you, boy. You will regret that, believe me." When Bethel shuffled forward, the warrior got to his feet, firmly propelled the boy onto the chair he'd just vacated and turned Bethel's head to the right. "You may react in two ways, little boy," he continued in the same quiet, cool voice. "I can sit you here and mark you, or I can call in others to hold you down while I do it. Which is it to be?" Bethel went to rise, but a grip of iron on his shoulder stayed him and kept him still.
"What mark?" Bethel whispered, his frightened eyes meeting Sarssen's cool green ones. Sarssen pointed to his own face, and for the first time, Bethel saw a faint, white, jagged line that cut from Sarssen's eye, across his cheek and down towards his ear. "Oh gods," he whimpered. His face blanched.
"Our master marks all in servitude to him with the Vaksh sign of ownership. Where my mark is on one side of the face to denote Churchik warriorhood, your mark will show clearly whose slave you are. All warriors now know where to check for an escaped slave, boy: they look directly at the specific cut on the right side of the face and at the brand. The slave can then be returned to a master for flogging or execution. It is a simple but effective form of identification, is it not?" This explanation left Bethel feeling sick. He bent his head. "You, however, are a little different, because I am to leave your beauty as unblemished as possible. That is why you cannot be permitted to protest. We would not want you damaged for our master, would we?"
When the knife neared him, Bethel cringed, but he uttered no sound when he felt the knife bite deeply. Tears came then, but he just let them fall, his hands gripped tightly together. When the warrior deliberately enlarged the cut, the boy gave a stifled sob because the cauterising liquid that was dripped into the wound made him feel his whole face was on fire. After all he'd endured over the last few days, Bethel was incapable of any reaction. He felt numb. Sarssen rested his hand on the dark head in a gentle gesture.
"The pain will ease quite quickly, little boy. Also your cut is not as deep as mine, if that is any consolation. In time, yours will not even be noticeable. The liquid, though initially painful, heals the cut and stops any infection." Bethel watched the warrior clean his knife and resheath it. "Get up and walk about," suggested Sarssen. "I shall return shortly."
He walked towards the pavilion entrance then turned, stooped low over the boy and calmly locked on the ankle chains. He left the boy alone for enough time for Bethel to recover from shock, and when he returned, he had a tankard in a hand that he held out. Not unkindly, he dropped a hand on the young shoulder.
"Drink this, boy. It will help."
Gratefully, Bethel held out hands that still trembled, drinking slowly at first and then in gulps. The liquid was sweet and steadied him. Sarssen waited patiently, then, when the boy finished, he removed the tankard and placed it on the table.
"Did that help?" The boy nodded. "You will now follow me, boy."
They left the pavilion and walked some distance to a part of the camp completely unfamiliar to Bethel. It was when they came in sight of the forge that Bethel remembered he was sure the warlord spoke of branding. He saw himself back in the pens, desperately avoiding the guards who took first one man then another and branded them despite the struggles the men put up. In panic, he turned and ran. He forgot the ankle chains that allowed him to walk only slowly. Sarssen turned to watch the boy stumble and trip.
"Get up!" he said coldly. He made no effort to assist Bethel. Aware of amused and interested eyes watching his progress, the boy scrambled to his feet. Impatiently, Sarssen strode over to him, took Bethel's arm and spoke in blighting tones. "You have come so far, little boy. If I leave our master to deal with you, you will be very, very sorry."
"I can't," protested Bethel, a dry sob in his voice. "Please don’t."
"You do not know what is to happen," mocked Sarssen.
"I do, I do," pleaded Bethel, pulling back.
"Tell me then, little boy."
"They brand the tongue to show I'll be a slave, don't they?" Sarssen looked down a mite exasperated and nodded reluctantly. "No!"
Since Bethel refused to take another step, Sarssen was forced to drag him to the forge. Bethel had only fought in play before with his brothers, but now he fought, so like a wild thing Sarssen was forced to call out sharply to two warriors to help subdue the boy. Bethel panted, sobbed, kicked, bit and scratched.
"Best we cut his tongue out," growled one of the warriors, forcing Bethel's arm high.
Sarssen stood back and watched, irritation giving way to resignation. Two Churchik warriors were more than a match for any boy. They soon had Bethel spread-eagled against the wall, his wrists gripped hard, and when the boy lashed out with his feet one of the warriors kicked him very hard in return. One warrior held Bethel’s head immobile. Sarssen called for the smith, who watched the proceedings with a grin.
"A veritable little spitfire, is he not, my lord?" Sarssen gave a tired smile.
"You know what to do. It is to be the warlord’s mark. Just get it over with." He stood well back.
The boy gave a heart-rending and despairing cry. He made one last convulsive effort to pull free just as the smith forced open his mouth and inserted a metal bar. Bethel's tongue was clamped. His body arched and he almost choked when the brand met his tongue. It was very quick. While the smith went back to the forge, Bethel hung limply in the hands of the warriors, all fight gone from him and his face parchment white. He was a pathetic object of absolute defeat.
"Keep hold of him," Sarssen advised, as the smith returned and pushed up Bethel's head. He removed the clamp, then sprayed a fine liquid over the boy's tongue, waited for a few moments while Bethel gagged violently and then removed the metal bar. Bethel tried to lick his lips. Then he began to sob, gut-wrenching and uncontrollable sobs that shook him from head to toe. Sarssen immediately stepped forward. He slapped the boy hard across his uninjured cheek. Bethel gulped.
"Let him go," Sarssen ordered. Released, Bethel made no effort to defend himself. The sobs died to a forlorn hiccup. He didn't raise his head. "Pull yourself together. Can you feel any pain?" Sniffing, Bethel shook his head. "You will not do so, you little fool, because that is an anaesthetic. When it wears off, you should only feel discomfort for a day or two." Bethel scuffed the ground with a boot and didn't speak. Sarssen took the boy's arm and led him from the forge. "You may not feel hungry but you will be, so I shall feed you. Then you can accompany me about the camp so you know where you are."
Bethel was too worn out to do more than acquiesce, his spirit not quite broken, but the last days had caught up with him. At that moment, he didn't care what happened to him. He wanted to die.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

That evening before Sarssen returned the boy to the warlord, he instructed Bethel on what was expected of him as Lodestok's slave. The warrior was ruthless in his drilling, aware this boy might have a chance of survival, even if it was a very fragile chance.
Sarssen didn't touch on the physical relationship, because he judged the boy knew well what awaited him. He spoke instead on practical matters, such as a slave being up at dawn, dressed and prepared to serve his master as soon as the warlord awoke. He warned Bethel what the warlord's reaction would be if he were not. Bethel, crushed and sore, licked his lips with a tongue that still felt swollen. He needed no other reminder.
Among many other duties expected of a personal slave to a warrior lord, he learned that clothes had to be prepared the night before, boots polished until they shone, jewellery cleaned and burnished and the warlord's weapons kept in order. He had to keep the pavilion spotless and had to learn what Lodestok ate at each meal. He learned too, that a slave never touched food until granted permission and ate in silence, apart from everyone else, only when given leave to do so. He discovered that small mats would be placed at strategic points round the pavilion, exclusively for his use, and that to transgress by occupying any other furniture would lead to the severest beating.
He was told it was a slave's task to bathe and massage the warlord every evening and prepare him for rest. Bethel shook when Sarssen told him it would be his duty to oil Lodestok from his head to the soles of the huge feet after every bath the warlord took. As well, Bethel would be expected to brush and comb the warlord's long blond hair and luxuriant beard, several times a day. Sarssen noticed the deep shiver that shook the boy, but he made no comment. When Sarssen said it was even a slave's task to pare and paint the warlord's fingers and toenails, Bethel paled, conscious already how hard Lodestok could kick him for the most minor error. He learned the unspoken commands of clicked fingers and a raised, bent or crooked finger and recited them in a nervously jumping voice.
He sat very still in front of Sarssen, his hands gripped together in his lap, his huge eyes staring up intensely at the blond warrior who continued to speak in his deep, cool voice.
Sarssen finished by saying, "You are his slave, boy. I know slavery is unknown to your people, but what it means is simply this. The warlord owns you in every way, body and mind, and you owe him absolute obedience in all things. At the very least he will whip you if you do not, and should you make any error, that, too, will be dealt with by a beating. You have ceased to be a person, boy. You are now merely an extension of your master and no longer an individual boy with self-will or independence. Do you fully understand what I am saying?"
The voice that answered, quavered. "Yes, my lord."
"You have survived so far, little boy, but you have a long way to go if you do not wish to suffer the fate of those who preceded you. I can not warn you more clearly."
Sarssen saw deep fear in the eyes that stared into his. He was pensive for a moment, then thought reinforcement of obedience wouldn't go amiss. Taking the boy's wrist, Sarssen pulled Bethel from the pavilion and out towards the eastern perimeter of the camp where the warlord carried out executions, other than on the common. Feeling Bethel drag back, the warrior gave him a sharp yank and forced the boy to keep up with him.
"No, my lord, no," Bethel whispered, his free hand tugging ineffectually at the steely grip on his wrist. Sarssen came to a halt, his head bent to the weeping boy. His voice was cold and emotionless.
"Look up, boy, and see what awaits you if you incur your master's displeasure." Bethel raised his head, then tried desperately to pull backwards. Sarssen held him still and gave him an admonitory shake. He jerked Bethel's head to the left. "The warlord will crucify you himself. He will either execute you, or pass you on to others who will use you as they choose. Neither will be an easy death for you, child. Should you even reach the south in a slave caravan, your life, as a very pretty boy, will be in a boy harem. Believe me, that will be a fate far worse than death, or even life with your master if that is possible. Remember that. Do I make myself clear?"
Distraught and terrified, Bethel went to his knees. Sarssen stooped, put a finger to Bethel's chin and found he stared down into a white face, enormous agonised eyes full of tears.
"I merely warn you, boy, not threaten you," he said in a gentler voice. There was a very long silence. Neither boy nor man moved. Finally, Sarssen spoke quietly as he held down a hand to help Bethel to his feet. "I know, so very clearly, what your life will be, child, though that may mean little to you. Your master uses and disposes." There was a pause. "The interminable darkness of your existence will try to destroy you, but you must try as hard as you can to go beyond it and have hope, boy. Hold to hope. Remember, if you can, in your moments of terror and pain, you are not entirely alone."
He watched the young head lift as he spoke and knew the boy heard his words distinctly and also understood them. Sarssen's grip on Bethel lessened, and now, almost absently, the warrior let the boy go. Bethel stood with bowed head, his breath coming in little gasps and he made no effort to move - he seemed incapable of doing anything. Sarssen looked down at him again, sadness in his fine eyes.
"Come, boy," he said quietly. "It is time you were fed and prepared for your master." Bethel lifted his head and his voice was a thread.
"Thank you, my lord."
The compassion in the eyes above Bethel deepened, then changed to surprise when a small slender hand tremblingly clasped the warrior's. Sarssen briefly met the huge eyes, before the boy looked down again. The blond warrior felt an odd sensation, nor did he disengage from the grip, though his lips twisted as he began to move back to the pavilion, the slight boy trailing beside him.
~~~
The next morning Bethel woke with a fright, aware the warlord turned. He hoped Lodestok wasn't wakening. He lay there panting at the thought that he may have overslept, moistened his lips, and was conscious of both deep aches and that it was dawn. He could hear distant bird-song and knew it was time he was up and dressed.
When he went to move, he realised he was trapped by a strong and heavy arm that rested across his stomach. He felt quite sick. He forced himself to lie absolutely still. Quivering with the fear of reprisal should he wake the warlord, he began to ease himself from under the arm but wasn't quick enough and had to bite down on a groan when the huge hand moved from his stomach to settle on his leg. Gritting his teeth, Bethel pulled himself free and crawled across the huge bed so that he could slip off it.
He dressed in clothes that hung on him. His own clothes, reduced to filthy rags, had been disposed of, so he was now clad in the clothes an eleven cycle Churchik boy would wear. A boy that age was considerably broader than Bethel and not as tall, so the breeches were loose and too short, though the long boots hid this. The shirt hung loosely over the belted breeches but the sleeves were too short, the cuffs closer to Bethel's elbows than to his wrists and the jerkin, even buttoned, constantly slipped from the boy's shoulders, Bethel resigned to hauling at it to keep it on. He looked a waif. Sarehl wouldn't have recognised his young brother in the very thin, timid boy who crept, heavily limping, from the warlord's pavilion.
He stopped in his tracks when a huge form loomed in front of him. The boy squeaked with fright when a warrior gripped his shoulder and held him. He panicked, until he realised the warrior dangled his ankle chain from one hand, then, submissively, he stood still while the warrior went to one knee and locked the chain in one swift movement. A sharp cuff about his head sent Bethel away looking for food, his eyes watering.
As it was very early and there was little activity in the camp, Bethel wandered apprehensively about, knowing he mustn't wake Lodestok. With nothing to do, he found himself drifting towards the perimeter of the camp closest to Blenharm forest, and there he stood, still, tears coursing down his face as he thought of Sarehl, his home and his family. He thought, too, of the Academy that was probably destroyed and even more wistfully of his old master there. He stayed still for some time, his mind a long way from the camp. Then he gave a forlorn sob, sighed, brushed his cheeks and began slowly to limp painfully again.
He was unaware how far he'd strayed from the warlord's pavilion until a whiplash curled about him and sent him to his knees. A second lash had him crouch, abased, with his head in his hands. Bethel had never known physical chastisement of this sort and his mind reeled.
A harsh, guttural voice ordered him to his feet. He obeyed without question. Already, he recognised the warrior who strode towards him snarling guttural words the boy couldn't understand they were uttered so quickly. It was Lodestok's protégé, one Correc. He was thought to be the warrior who’d inherit the warlord's titles and wealth in cycles to come and was equally ferocious. He grasped Bethel and half-lifted the boy in a march back to the warlord's pavilion.
Bethel saw that Lodestok was awake and stretched luxuriously, his eyes coldly watchful as Correc thrust the boy, very roughly, into one of the huge chairs. Bethel cowered, conscious of pain from the whip.
"Correc," came the soft, deep voice from the bed. "What brings you to my service at such an hour?" Correc glared contemptuously down at the boy, before he turned to bow to Lodestok.
"The boy was running away, my lord." Lodestok looked over at Bethel who shook his head desperately, his eyes wide and pleading.
"Well, little bud? Is that so? How very foolish of you," chided the silky voice. The mildness of the rebuke was deceptive.
"No, my lord, no," gasped Bethel. He surged to his feet and threw himself prostrate beside the bed. A huge hand grasped his torc.
"What then were you doing, young bud? Correc, I thank you. You may leave the boy to me."
Correc bowed again, cast another look of intense contempt at Bethel, then left the pavilion. Bethel didn't dare move. The hand gripping the torc nearly choked him and the image of the execution field so terrified him, he couldn't utter a sound. Tremors shook him as he was bodily lifted to his knees. The hand transferred from the torc to his curls and his head was jerked up, so hard, his eyes watered. The voice was still very soft and quiet.
"I would advise you to explain yourself, little bud, or I shall crucify you myself."
The warlord looked icily into eyes so frightened they were black, then, realising the boy simply couldn't speak, Lodestok shook him and let him fall to the ground, where Bethel stayed on his knees. Lodestok lazed back on his cushions, studying his nails. After a moment, the warlord glanced down at the boy in amusement and watched while Bethel struggled to gain control of his speech and licked his lips. The boy's eyes were quite wild.
"I didn't run away, my lord," Bethel stammered, his voice shaking. "I swear to you I didn't."
"Do you tell me, boy, that my warrior is a liar?" The warlord saw shock and bewilderment on the lovely face.
"No, my lord."
Lodestok ran his hand idly through the dark curls and said in his silkiest tones, "Then you must be lying, must you not?"
"No!" Bethel flinched as the fingers in his hair curled into a fist.
"Then explain yourself, boy. You have exactly one minute." Bethel took a deep breath. His voice was unsteady.
“I didn't wish to wake you, my lord. Lord Sarssen told me to get up at dawn to prepare to serve you when you woke, so I did - but it was very early."
"So?"
"I walked, my lord, to be close to the forest."
"Why?"
"I used to go there to be alone and to think. It was part of our home."
"And?" was the menacing prompt.
"When I was teased, my lord, it helped. I swear to you again, I wasn't running away. I -." The warlord looked at the tear-stained face, aware this was one face tears couldn't disfigure.
"Where would you run to, if you could?" he interrupted.
"There is nowhere," came the choked voice. "I've nowhere to go, my lord."
"So you were passing the time. Is that your explanation?"
"Yes, my lord."
"It is a most feeble one, is it not?"
"It's true." A hand lifted Bethel's head and he was subjected to a long scrutiny.
Lodestok was silent for a moment, then said coolly, "You do not lie, do you, boy?" Bethel shook his head.
"No, my lord," he whispered.
"Have you ever lied?"
"No, my lord. I was taught always to tell the truth."
"An odd custom," mused the warlord, letting Bethel go. Bethel stayed on his knees, until Lodestok's next words had him scramble to his feet. "I believe you, boy. I would, however, advise you to stay close to my pavilion in the early morning, so this confusion does not recur. It might try my patience too far should you be brought to me again."
The following morning, Bethel was awake and ready to serve the warlord the instant Lodestok opened his eyes. Food was eaten in silence, Bethel crouched on the mat he was told was his, waiting to be given food left over from the warlord's plate. He usually ate ravenously in the morning. He was always hungry.
After Lodestok had risen and was helped dress by an anxious child whose fingers trembled as he laced long, heavy boots, he sat back in his capacious chair, his brooding glance settled on the boy, and he continued to observe the boy dispassionately until Bethel shivered with apprehension. He wondered what error he'd made.
"Fetch a comb and brush for my hair," he was instructed.
Lodestok's eyes didn't leave the boy when Bethel stooped to pick up a comb from the chest behind him and was silent while Bethel carefully combed out the knots in the thick blond hair, then brushed it until it shone. When the boy came to stand in front of the warlord to comb out the luxuriant beard, Lodestok held him firmly between his knees and let Bethel finish, before he spoke in his soft, coldly indifferent voice.
"You will go to Kjurt, boy. Ask Sarssen to take you to him." Bethel sensibly stood quite still, his eyes lowered in the accepted manner of the slave. "You will tell him I wish you in clothes that fit and you will request Sarssen to inform Kjurt that he is to come to me for orders concerning your attire. You look a disgrace, do you not? Take off your boots!"
Lodestok released the boy so Bethel could sink to the ground where he struggled with boots that were too small and hurt his feet. The warlord frowned thoughtfully.
"Stand!" Bethel obeyed. He no longer reacted to Lodestok's stare. Nor did he blush when the warlord's eyes travelled from the black curls to the bare feet. "Does anything you wear actually fit, boy?"
"No, my lord," murmured Bethel, resignedly hauling on the jerkin that had again slipped sideways off his right shoulder.
"Tell Kjurt I do not want to see you clothed in such ill-fitting garments again."
~~~
Within a week, and they were the longest ten days Bethel had spent in his life, he learned that his whole existence had one sole purpose. It was to please the warlord. If he didn't, he was harshly punished. He quickly learned to bend his head as a sign of inferiority and submission and to instantly obey a raised hand or finger, or clicked fingers from anyone. He quickly learned the warlord’s gestures that meant instant responses - they included when to raise his eyes, how he was expected to crouch or stand and those gestures that were aspects of intimacy Bethel both profoundly dreaded and loathed.
He realised how true Sarssen's words were, that as a slave he meant nothing to anyone, was expendable and had no rights of any kind. He accepted the cuffs and knocks from nearly everyone with whom he came into contact, while he struggled to come to terms with a style of living alien to him. Pain and exhaustion he learned to tolerate as something he'd never live without.
Bethel always quaked when the warlord coldly eyed him. When he entered the warlord's pavilion and saw Lodestok lounging, the boy obeyed the order to approach with utter despair and fear. He knew what to expect. As a consequence of what he had to endure he developed a severe nervous stomach. At times, it was so bad Bethel crawled from the warlord's pavilion to be sick when Lodestok, in the early hours, pushed him roughly to one side. He never saw Sarssen quietly there, an observer, though, through his haze of distress he knew someone came to him, made him drink from a chipped beaker and wrapped a cloak about him.
Bethel listened to Sarssen and, as advised, refused to show pain: his sobs were silent, so the warlord seldom saw the tears that streamed down the young face and soaked the cushions. It was a lesson from Sarssen Bethel never forgot.
The boy also couldn't bear to be touched. When the warlord was busy with his haskars, Lodestok invariably pushed the boy into a crouch between his huge thighs, and there Bethel was fondled when Lodestok became bored with proceedings, just as Sarssen was before him. His cheeks flaming with embarrassment, Bethel bent his head, so he didn't have to see amusement in senior warrior eyes. He hated the huge hands that caressed him. Even worse were the times when the warlord hauled the boy to a stand, his grip so strong, Bethel, clamped against a massive chest, could scarcely breathe.
He endured the warlord's touch, because he was his slave and had no choice, but with others Bethel flinched away should anyone go near him. Sarssen saw this and understood it. As he could tell Bethel was a highly tactile and affectionate child this saddened him, but there was nothing he could do about it and he just had to watch Bethel's withdrawal as it happened by the day, the big, beautiful eyes full of anxiety and sadness. Sometimes Sarssen saw curiosity in them, but not often. He now knew the touch he felt in his mind, and secured, came from Bethel and he began to wonder who and what this child was. He decided he needed advice.
In those early days, too, Bethel found the warlord's displeasure brought immediate and painful results. Warriors didn't hesitate to thrash boys very thoroughly, so, if Bethel made the slightest mistake he received the riding crop or whip, whichever the warlord had to hand, nor was Lodestok sparing in his chastisement. The warlord had a very heavy hand. Bethel lived in an unrelieved and heightened state of anxiety and stress.
Bethel learned to accept punishment without outward response. He acknowledged this was the Churchik way. To protect himself, he watched and copied others. He never repeated a mistake. After a season in the southern camp he was beaten less because he recognised that the slightest transgression in Churchik society merited a physical response of some kind. It was a hard way for the boy to learn, but he did and very quickly.
As the weeks passed, Bethel surprised everyone by surviving. Sarssen watched the boy with developing interest, especially as he'd been told by a modest little healer that this boy was one sought by the Conclave, knowledge that made the warrior purse his lips and become highly thoughtful. It wasn't something he shared with his master. Though Lodestok was no less brutal, the boy retained an innocence that hung about him and was most appealing. His face remained delicately girlish and his expression gentle, even if the lustrous eyes showed spurts of fear.
Sarssen noticed the boy's mental resistance grew stronger. Bethel learned, in the cruellest way, to transcend the merely physical and the warrior now knew the boy lived beyond the immediate moment, though he wondered how an untrained mind could do this. In a child it was extraordinary. Sarssen pondered if this boy’s survival was because he somehow, probably unconsciously, transcended the moment whilst still bodily present. If this was so, the child had breathtaking talent. The warrior was sure that was why the boy was still alive. His interest grew. Whatever was asked of him, Bethel gave, passively accepting anything done to him and never again did Sarssen see the boy fight the inevitable as he did the day he was branded.
His docility awoke an unpleasant suspicion in Lodestok's mind. The warlord was unused to boys who didn't scream at him. Bethel didn't. The warlord, belatedly wondering if the boy was enchanted in some way, entered the boy's mind as Bethel lay sleeping, his entry violent as suited his character and also so clumsy Bethel woke with a start. Lodestok read nothing in the boy's mind other than a desire to please him. Seeing no guile and no threat he left the young mind as abruptly as he entered it, leaving Bethel to struggle with a headache for two days afterwards. Sarssen was aware of the instant.
Officially, Bethel became the warlord's page and cupbearer, though all warriors knew exactly what he was, many senior haskars noting the similarities to how Sarssen was treated cycles before. As time passed, few noticed or commented on Lodestok's curly-headed boy. Bethel was hesitant. He showed servility in deferring to everyone and seldom spoke unless directly addressed. His eyes were more eloquent than words.
He slipped about the camp like a shadow, obeying instantly any order flung at him. He had an understood routine and didn't deviate from it, Sarssen noticed, the boy clinging to that as a drowning man would to his piece of wood. His face developed the blank, wooden look often seen in slaves as they worked. He learned to avoid Correc, too, because the haskar looked for him, and when he found Bethel he not only molested him, but flicked him with a whip.
As summer drew to a close, Sarssen became aware there was a frailty about Bethel. The boy was alarmingly thin. He was growing rapidly too, but there was a new transparency about him. There was no lustre in eyes that were dark-rimmed and the cheeks were hollow, something Sarssen thought the warlord would have noticed. Bethel had been a slave for not yet a season.
Late one morning, Sarssen found Bethel sitting disconsolately beneath a tree that overhung the path that once led to slave pens now empty. The caravans had gone some time before, so only a deathly quiet hung over the ruins of Ortok these days, a brooding melancholy that spoke of tragedy and betrayal. The boy sat on a crudely carved seat made from a hollowed out log and from there thought of his home that once existed not far distant. His big eyes strayed wistfully in that direction, his grieving thoughts with a dead family with whom he’d have shared his eleven cycle day two days before. He looked up and saw Sarssen, immediately bent his head and tried to be as small as possible. The warrior went to a crouch beside him.
"You are growing very fast, boy," he observed, in a neutral tone. Scared eyes looked up at him, so Sarssen carefully looked into the distance.
"Yes, my lord," came the small voice.
"You are also very thin." Out of the corner of his eye, Sarssen saw Bethel lick his lips. He recognised and understood that anxious gesture very well. "You eat little, do you not, boy?"
"I'm never hungry now, my lord."
"I am not criticising you, boy," Sarssen said quietly. "It is just that you must eat or you will become seriously ill. When a boy grows as fast as you seem to be, the body needs nourishment. Where do you go for food after you serve the warlord in the morning?" Sarssen watched the head go down, but not before he saw the trickle of tears down the pale cheeks.
"I don't go anywhere, my lord," came the subdued reply.
"And at midsun, boy?" Bethel shook his head, a thin hand surreptitiously brushing at the tears. Sarssen's voice was sterner. "Have you a death wish, young one?" Bethel stayed silent. "Are you ill, boy?"
The lack of a response made the warrior wonder if the boy had lost the will to live and merely went through the motions of existence. Sometimes it took a while for the reality of life to come home to slaves and Sarssen wondered if, perhaps, this had suddenly happened to Bethel, the boy now aware of what indefinitely faced him. Many a slave had simply lost hope, given up and died. He stared at the bowed figure. He spoke calmly.
"Come with me, boy." Bethel rose and meekly trailed in the warrior's wake. In Sarssen's pavilion, the warrior looked at Bethel contemplatively. "Get onto the bed, and wait. I shall be back presently."
Bethel docilely clambered onto the bed, and lay stretched out. When Sarssen returned, he wasn't alone. Bethel, staring at the two men who entered, recognised the second man as the senior healer, Lokar, his reaction to Lokar instant, his fear deep and warring with bitter loathing. All Bethel knew, as he lay there looking up at the healer, was that this man could cause him considerable harm and because he sensed an unusual power about Lokar, he instinctively withdrew into himself. And he was thankful he did. He felt Lokar's probe in his mind at the same moment, but, preoccupied, didn't see Sarssen study his white face with intense interest. He again wondered what this child instinctively recognised and why.
Lokar was of medium height, tawny haired and clear-eyed, as the Yazd were wont to be. He was slender but well formed, with harsh features and forbidding eyes. He quickly read Bethel, more out of curiosity than anything else, sensing nothing other than the usual despair to be expected in one of Lodestok's boys. The boy, he thought, was like all others, but so far had outlasted most. Lokar took in Bethel's thinness and pursed his lips. His voice was remote when he spoke.
"What ails the boy?"
"He is not hungry and eats little. He is too thin and lacks energy," Sarssen said coolly. "His master would wish to know why."
"He's going to be very tall. He outgrows his strength," came the uninterested reply. "His growth will continue for cycles. It's not uncommon at this stage of childhood. How old is he?"
"Boy?" asked Sarssen quietly. Bethel stared up at the two men apprehensively.
"Eleven cycles, my lord."
Lokar opened a bag he carried and pulled out instruments that made the boy tense and Sarssen’s eyes widen. Lokar was neither gentle nor considerate, his instruments hurt the boy considerably and he finally flexed the fingers of his right hand as he pulled on a glove. He lifted up an instrument that made the boy quiver with fright.
~~~
Sarssen went very early to the slave train that accompanied the army north. There he paused, looked around, then stooped to enter an enclosure. An elderly man looked up and round and frowned.
"Why have you come?"
"It is the boy again, Seignore."
"Hush," came the sharp response. "I’m Morjah. What is it?"
"I asked Lokar to see the boy. Bethel is unwell. When he saw Lokar, I sensed a depth of fear and loathing that astonished me, then the boy simply placed a block."
"I wonder how he can do this. I need to meet this boy, Sarssen, as soon as it can be managed. Would you think about this? And why Lokar? We know he works for the warlord, but this makes me think very hard."
"The boy reacts purely on instinct. Is that usual?"
"No. Explain."
"His resistance is passive, his submission abnormal, a reaction only based on extreme personal need. Pure instinct drives him."
"In a completely untrained mind that is extremely dangerous."
"Has he recognisable talent?"
"If he has, it’s most unusual." There was a pause. "Would you say his passivity is the same as yours?"
"No," was the immediate response. "Mine is learned. The boy’s is not."
"Tragedy or trauma can, rarely, bring a seer to self-awareness, but other than that," mused the older voice. "But this isn’t what we were led to expect. Can talent manifest itself subconsciously as protection? Is this possible with a child? And Lokar – now I do wonder about that." Again, there was a long pause. "Leave, now."
~~~
Lokar's treatment was effective. Within days, Bethel was eating and had energy, but he was bored and it showed. He was a normal eleven-cycle boy who'd led a highly organised and stimulating life in Ortok, both at school and at the Academy. Here, apart from being instantly physically responsive to the warlord, the boy had no intellectual stimulation. Sarssen was well aware of the boredom the boy felt. He tried to keep Bethel busy. He thought it might be wise to suggest to the warlord that some useful learning would be in order before the boy got into mischief, not necessarily of his own making. Events overtook Sarssen's good intentions.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

When the assault came on Ortok in all its brutality and ferocity, Luton was in the open spaces behind his home, and that was despite the air of gloom that hung over the city. He and his twin had set up a maze of sorts. Before Daxel went to Sarehl's that morning, he flung a challenge at Luton to have the maze worked through by the time he returned.
He was so engrossed, he scarcely looked up at the sound of thundering hooves or the noise that came from the front of the house. What did attract his attention was the smashing sound of wood at the front entrance. Immediately, he stood still. He knew a moment's panic. While he stood irresolute, there was more crashing and splintering of wood followed by a muffled scream. There was silence. He could hear the sound of heavy tramping round the inside of the house and tried to listen.
Instinctively, Luton rushed inside to look for his mother. A huge hand caught him by the hair from behind and gripped him so hard he gave a gasp of pain and fright. From that moment, the boy was subjected to a brutal, mental battering that left him almost mindless.
He was dragged roughly by the hair to the front room of the house where he saw Lban, the young Ortokian bully who'd thrashed both the twins in the past, the man flanked by Churchik warriors on either side. His look at Luton was one of contempt. He looked very like one of those who stood next to him.
Luton stared up into each warrior's face in turn, only to see the same disinterest in all the pitilessly chilling, blue eyes. They were huge men. Two of them held his mother and another pair held Bruno. Luton glanced over to his mother who hung white and motionless, took a step towards her, his hand out, then flinched when he was yanked back and given a swift kick. Lban looked down at Luton.
"Where's your sister, Lute?" he asked quietly. Luton shook his head, saw Lban stiffen and the young man's eyes narrow suspiciously.
"Answer the man," snarled a guttural voice, in broken Samar, above Luton.
"I don't know," the boy whimpered. He got a second kick.
"Ask him again," came the same voice.
"Where's Myme Chlo, Lute? You'll regret not telling us," threatened Lban.
"I don't know. She stays with Lian or the scholar." Luton began to struggle in the warrior's grip.
"Start on the woman," came another deep, guttural voice. "That may help his memory."
For the next twenty minutes Luton knew he repeatedly screamed, his screams echoed by first his mother and then by Bruno. He was held so he couldn't move. The hands gripped him like steel. His head was turned to make him watch each stage of the atrocities being perpetrated and though he closed his eyes, he couldn't close his ears. His struggling was useless. He knew he bit through his lips and tongue, because he tasted the blood in his mouth, and if he put his hands to his head, they were pulled away and pinned to his sides.
When the screaming in front of him died to a choked gasp and then silence, Luton stood rigid. His eyes stared blindly at the floor where the remains of his parents lay, the boy's breathing ragged. His mind was blank. Then, unexpectedly, he threw back his head and howled over and over, without respite. He was overwhelmed not only by the shock of what he'd just witnessed, but also by the wave of terror that washed over him from Daxel. Emotions surged between the twins with such increasing intensity, Luton fell to his knees and rocked backwards and forwards with his hands to his head. He screamed again. His mind was unable to cope with the flood of agonised terror and pain. He'd no escape from the torment that swept over him. His own horror, terror and grief mingled with it and swamped him.
As suddenly as he started to howl, he stopped, his mouth still wide open. His lips moved, but no coherent sound emerged, only choked gulps. The warrior who held him, pulled the boy to his feet and shook him hard.
"Torch them," he ordered, in the strange guttural accent these men had. "You," he growled down at Luton, shaking him again until Luton felt dizzy. "Speak now, or you will burn!" Luton could only make choking noises. "Answer me! Where is your sister?"
When he stayed mute, the boy received a series of blows that shook him from his head to his toes. Again, he opened his mouth to howl, but this time there was no sound at all and when he looked up into the warrior's icy eyes, he received a slap across the cheek that nearly knocked him sideways.
The fire in the room spread quickly. Luton numbly watched it creep to where his mother lay, jerked himself out of the warrior's grasp and flung himself down beside her, gripping her nearest hand. He heard laughter and words above him.
"Let him burn," suggested a warrior, who cleaned his knife before re-sheathing it.
"He can speak," growled Lban. "He can lead us to the girl."
Luton felt hands haul him back. He refused to let go, until the kick he got in the ribcage so winded him, his grip lessened. He was thrown backwards on to the floor and then dragged by his hair out the door.
Luton didn't see the fire reach Melas, and none of the warriors stayed in a room rapidly filling with smoke. No one saw the faint mark on her upper arm, that Alfar commented on many cycles before, begin to glow and spread, so that, in seconds, what was a young woman's body shone with intense heat and luminosity. She burned without flame and then, when the glow faded, neither Melas nor Bruno lay on the floor. It was as if they'd never been. The fire licked the carpet where they'd lain, the flames intensified and the room all but exploded with the surge of heat.
~~~
Luton was half-carried, half-pushed from the house. He looked back to see wisps of smoke seep through the glass, and beyond that, to a deeply reddening glow. He turned to run but a strong hand entwined itself in his hair, jerking him back.
"No you do not," came the grim voice above him. "You have talking to do."
Luton was in a cold sweat. His hands were clammy and his heart hammered wildly. His physical awareness was very real. It was his mind that was in shock, so profound, he was unable to speak. The grip on his hair was painful and strong as he was pulled out onto the cobblestoned road and hauled up very roughly on a horse. He wanted to cry out, but couldn't. His inability to utter a sound terrified him equally as much as did his captor.
He knew they rode out of Ortok and steadily towards the Churchik camp, where the horse was reined in sharply and Luton tumbled to the ground. He fell in a heap. He stumbled to his feet, only to be grasped again and marched some distance to a tent, there to be flung very hard onto a pallet, on his back. His Churchik captor knelt across him, at the same time as he drew a knife that he held to Luton's chest, point down.
"Now," said the warrior in the guttural, chilling voice of stilted Samar. "You will speak, will you not, and answer my question?" Luton stared up at the warrior, fear deep in his black eyes. He gave no response. The knife bit into his chest. "I ask again, boy. Where is your sister?"
Each time the warrior asked and got no answer the knife was pressed deeper until stains covered Luton's torn shirt, but still the only sounds the warrior heard were choking gasps for air. Enraged, the Churchik wrenched the boy's head back, his knife at Luton's throat.
"Why can you not speak?" The voice was an infuriated snarl. The warrior watched Luton's lips move. The knife pressed harder. "Speak, damn you!"
Miserably, Luton shook his head and waited for the knife to despatch him. It didn't. With another snarl, the warrior sheathed his knife and hauled Luton to his feet.
"You are of no use to me and are only fit for the caravan," he growled, striding to the other side of the tent and back. Then he looked down at Luton consideringly, a tigerish grin touching his face. "Come."
The second tent Luton was hustled to was considerably larger than the first and seemed to be full of enormous warriors. In reality there were only five, one standing and of the four lounging at their ease, two were sprawled full length on pallets. They all looked up when Luton and his captor entered. Amused grins greeted their arrival, comments and laughter filling the air, because the men were obviously bored and looked for entertainment. They were clearly not needed for the assault on the city.
Luton was pushed forward by his captor to be turned first one way, then the other. Huge fingers ran through his curls. Then to roars of appreciative mirth another hand went suggestively under his belt, before Luton was roughly pushed to the older, standing warrior. This man promptly sat. He pulled the boy between his knees, hands not at all gentle as they ran over Luton in an exploratory fashion. At that moment, Luton, his face white and pathetic, realised he was to be the entertainment. He waited with sick dread.
In the early hours of the morning, Luton was pushed from the tent to be chained by the neck to a post, where he remained until dawn. He was battered. At first light, his captor kicked him to his feet, and, making the boy keep up with him, led him to an assembly of large pens. Luton was shoved into one, chained and left. In unutterable pain and misery, Luton sank to his knees, his head bent into his arms. He didn't move until he was ordered to.
His life was monotonous. The pens became squalid and filthy despite the water thrown all over the captives every second day, the sluicing at least keeping the captives cool until the heat dried them again. All those imprisoned looked degraded and crushed. How Luton avoided the ritualistic, though mercifully brief, cut that sterilised all males he didn't know. He wasn't pushed, as were most others, from pen to pen. Perhaps his crouching hard up against an outside railing, as Bethel did, saved him.
He didn't, though, avoid branding. It was an experience that tortured Luton, unable as he was to utter a sound. He was forced to the ground by guards who made him, despite his violent struggles, unclench his teeth so the smith could clamp his tongue. He received no anaesthetic and couldn't express the pain. In silence, he curled his fingers into his palms until they drew blood. More pain followed. He was dragged out to suffer the cane applied to all captives, impartially and passionlessly. It was called "breaking in" for those newly enslaved and it was a deliberate act to whip both Luton and others into immediate and complete submission. It was rarely unsuccessful. It saw the cane moved methodically from the shoulders right down to the calves, then back up again, and the experience left Luton barely able to stand. He staggered against the railing and clung to it.
He learned to do what he was told without question or he received no food or water, but instead received several cuts with the cane. It was quickly accepted he was mute, so he tended to be left alone, something that, in Luton's state of mind, was a blessing. He related to no one and shrank within himself.
After several days when the slaves were being pushed and moved yet again, Luton stared across the sea of faces, seeing nothing. When his eyes focused briefly, he saw Bethel. He couldn't wave. It was impossible to signal with the pen so cramped, Luton so crushed he had no room to move or to turn, men and boys wedged in a tight bloc. He couldn't call out to his younger brother either, though he instinctively opened his mouth to try. When he saw Bethel hauled from a pen Luton tried desperately to see where he was taken, then, when he finally lost track of his younger brother his eyes went blank. He wasn't conscious of tears that dripped from his cheeks and nose. Nor did he see any of his family again.
This life continued for fourteen days, though Luton early lost count of days or interest in what went on around him. He took food and water without any emotion whatsoever and then stayed quietly wherever he was, oblivious to those immediately next to him.
One morning, however, he felt his chain tugged earlier than usual and glanced up at the burly slave barkashad who stood above him.
"On your feet, you!" came the barked order in the guttural tongue.
Clumsily, Luton obeyed. He was unchained from the pen and told to follow, the order punctuated by a sharp tug on his chain. They soon left the pens behind. Luton quickly realised he was being led to the south of the camp where a very long queue, two abreast, stretched for quite some distance. Luton was halted. A torc was snapped shut round his throat, then a chain from it was attached to that of the man in front of him and his left wrist chain was locked to that of the man who stood next to him. He heard movement behind, then felt his head roughly jerked so that his neck chain could also be attached to someone pushed in behind him. Finally, fetters were placed about his ankles, the chain linking them only long enough for him to take a reasonable step. None of the slaves would run anywhere. All chains, bar the fetters, were long and heavy for a mature man to bear, let alone for a boy to carry. Luton didn't know what this meant, but he was very frightened.
As the day wore on, he knew the line eventually extended a long way behind him. He stood unmoving for hours. People came and went around him, the chains well nigh pulling him to the ground. Had he been able, he'd have cried out with pain. As it was, he just hung his head. He waited.
The day was well advanced before the man in front of Luton took a shuffling step forward, jerking the boy to awareness. Close by, Luton heard the crack of the barkashad's whip and he took a faltering step. The slave caravan moved.
The ensuing weeks were a nightmare for all the slaves, Luton treated no differently from anybody else. The barkashads were brutal men who cared not a whit for any of the slaves in their charge. If a man or boy weakened, or held up the caravan, he was summarily executed. Luton heard and saw it so many times, he no longer even noticed.
The slaves received the minimum of food or water, just enough to keep them alive. Luton had been a slight boy. Now he was painfully thin. He ignored the lashes he got, didn't notice his torn and bleeding feet, was indifferent to sores that didn't heal and to burns that blistered from too much sun. He responded to nothing. Since his clothes soon became rags they gave him no protection from the weather or the whips and canes that caught him often enough. Death on the trail became commonplace after just a week. As men or boys were replaced about him, he didn't look at them, his whole concentration on putting one foot in front of the other from dawn to dusk without a break.
At night, he lay shivering as they moved further south and towards a southern autumn. He shook as though ague gripped him, yet by day the sweat streamed from him, making his cuts and sores smart. The slaves were left chained at night. They received the order to lie, and, like dominoes they obeyed, too exhausted and defeated to do anything but collapse. Some of the time they all had to cope with bodily needs where they lay, what clothes they had become soiled and noisome. This led to sickness, fever, and ultimately, death.
Luton never knew he cried day after day, even though sometimes tears were the only liquid he tasted for hours, but as days and then more weeks passed he became increasingly withdrawn and unable to shed a tear. Rarely, he'd shake or nod his head. Beyond that, he made no effort to communicate.
After three weeks on the slave trail, the mortality rate among the slaves rose sharply, many of those despatched relieved to die. One night, as Luton lay shivering on the ground a replacement slave spoke to him. As usual, the boy didn't respond. The man's voice was quiet and deep.
"Are you alright, lad?" he repeated, concern in his voice. Luton's head stayed down so the man stretched across and touched the boy gently on the shoulder. Luton immediately shrank away, his mouth working.
"Lad," came the deep voice again. "What have they done to you?"
Luton looked up to see kindly, deep-set green eyes survey him. The man noticed how big the black eyes were in the thin white face and how full of desolation and suffering.
"Lad," he said gently, very gently, "Come now, speak to me. I won't hurt you." He noticed tears in the boy's eyes, but was distracted from this by Luton pointing to his mouth and shaking his head. "Can't you talk?" he asked, incredulously. His voice hardened. "Have they cut your tongue out?" Luton shook his head. "You spoke once, didn’t you?" Luton nodded. "And you can't now?" The head drooped again. "Why were you scared of me? I'm a slave too, you know."
Luton didn't make any further response. He was left for a moment, then felt his chin lifted while the man looked searchingly into dark eyes. When he saw the shame and misery there, he gently let go the boy's head.
"Did they rape you?" Luton blushed and nodded. "More than once?" Another nod was taken as assent. "Many boys and quite a few of the men were," the man said softly. He watched the boy's head come up with a look of surprise. The man smiled calmly at him. "Oh yes. Quite a few were. Strange bastards." He let Luton absorb this, before saying in his quiet way, "Does that help?" Luton nodded. "Good lad," the man said softly, his eyes on the strained face. "You're perishing from the cold too, as thin as you are, aren't you?" He stretched as far over to Luton as he could, his broad shoulders almost touching the boy. “Now, lad, can you get any closer to me at all?" Luton looked nervously at the man and licked his lips. "If you can, you can get some warmth from me."
He didn't press Luton, but just stayed where he was. After a long pause, he felt the boy edge closer. He still made no movement. Not much later, he felt a small shivering form huddle into him. As best he could, the man arranged his wrist chain so that it didn't hit the boy's head, quietly put his arm round the thin shoulders and drew the boy close in an attempt to stop Luton shivering. A sad smile curled the man's mouth as he stared down at the curly head. It was the first time in half a season anyone had shown Luton kindness. When the tears fell, they were gently and carefully wiped away.
When dawn came, Luton felt himself shaken and waking with a start, he stretched. He was unaccustomed to having slept so deeply and peacefully. He looked up at his newfound friend who smiled down at him.
"Nearly time to move, little fellow," the man said quietly. "Did you feel any warmer?" Luton nodded quickly, lifted his unchained hand to touch the man's face, then pointed to his own mouth, saying a silent thank you. The man patted the boy's shoulder and then ruffled the lank curls. "If you want to give thanks, lad, just nod twice, eh?"
Luton managed a weak half-smile, just as his neck chain jerked and he was forced to stumble to his feet. His friend muttered imprecations as he too clambered to his feet.
He pushed Luton from him, saying in a whisper, "Keep well apart."
Luton nodded and shuffled into position as he felt tension on his chains. The caravan moved forward.
They passed through desolate Samar city-states like Sian and Myar, one after the other, across a landscape that should've been attractive in mid autumn. The hills undulated into the distance and flourishing fields had once flanked the narrow and winding road, or occasional lanes, the caravan followed. Now the lands looked as sad as the cities they once serviced. Lodestok's army had used what they could and burned what they couldn't. Still, the land was beginning to recover. Graceful trees lined the crisscross of roads that would take the caravan into the remains of Norsham, the most southern of the Samar city-states but now a fortified area of the Churchik.
Luton and his friend stayed together for weeks. The man kept the boy warm on nights that got steadily cooler and Luton gave the man something to think about other than his own immediate needs. He talked to the boy as often as he could, encouraged him at every opportunity, and, if he saw Luton stumble, was always there with a supportive word of kindness. As Luton got increasingly thinner his friend ate less of his food and made the boy take it, the man's care what saved Luton's life. His presence also gave the boy hope where none existed.
It was one evening, in late autumn, that found Luton unable to stop shivering. He was held close to his friend, looking up into the green eyes, his own bloodshot and his lips parched.
"Lad," murmured his friend, staring down at him. "You've the fever, haven't you?"
His teeth chattering, Luton nodded. Feeling the boy overheat and sweat uncontrollably, the man held the boy closer, his expression one of infinite compassion mixed with profound anger. Neither of them got much sleep and Luton endured a day of unspeakable misery as every step jarred him and his head ached. The man gave the boy most of his water but it didn't seem to help.
By nightfall, Luton was near collapse. When the order came to lie, he fell where he stood. His friend did all he could, held the boy within his arm but couldn't stop the shaking. He managed to keep the boy's face dry and tried to keep Luton warm, Luton too sick to see the deep sorrow in his friend's eyes when the man realised he could do no more to help the sickness break.
"Child," he murmured. "In time you’ll understand why what comes has to be. It will be very, very hard. I so wish it could be otherwise. You can’t stay. It’s time, Lute. It’s time."
The man’s hold was gentle, firm and very caring. Luton didn’t hear the soft, sad words.
By morning, Luton was so weak he could barely stand. The man gave him all his water but the boy couldn't keep himself upright, fell, and dragged the men behind and in front down with him. All along the line came oaths and mutterings. Luton's friend stood still, his eyes on the small, thin crumpled figure that could scarcely move. Pity shone in the very unusual green eyes.
The barkashads were quickly at work with curses and whips. One of them reached Luton and the boy was hauled to his feet, where he swayed trembling his eyes fixed on the whip poised above him.
"Did you bring the line down?" snarled the barkashad, jerking Luton so that the boy faced him.
"He can't speak, he's a mute," said Luton's companion quietly. "And no, he didn't bring down the line. I stumbled and brought the boy down."
"What do you know?" growled the barkashad, distracted from Luton.
He let go the boy and brought his whip down across the man's shoulder with enough force to make Luton's friend stagger. Luton flinched. The whip was flexed and brought whistling down a second time. The man grimaced, his green eyes no longer kindly, but cold and decidedly forbidding and unforgiving. He muttered.
"What did you say?" demanded the barkashad, kicking the man very hard.
"He’s mute," answered Luton's friend.
"Know everything, do you?" sneered the barkashad, coiling his whip. "You bring the line down again and I'll flay you until your skin hangs in flaps." He turned from the man to Luton. "Can you speak, boy?" Luton shook his head. "If you're lying, boy, you'll very soon wish you were dead," came the threatening words.
The barkashad unlocked the boy's chains from both his friend and from the other slaves, gripped the boy by the chain at his neck and began to pull Luton away. Extending his hand, Luton turned in desperation to his friend.
His friend just smiled kindly at him and said gently, "Good luck, little fellow."
Luton blinked. He licked his lips. He was led, unresisting, from the line. He was shoved roughly into a tent and left, his chain wound round a peg set into the ground, where he crouched and didn't dare move. He never thought of trying to escape. He was too weak from hunger and fever to do more than shiver convulsively and sweat.
He heard a sound behind him. Barely able to move, he turned to look directly up into the cold eyes of a Churchik warrior, cringed in terror, and made no effort to save himself when he was picked up, shaken like a rat, then dropped. He fell on all fours, and, still shivering, staggered to his feet. He didn't look up. He sensed the warrior still stood in front of him and when a hand grasped a hank of his hair and his head was lifted, he was forced to stare up into eyes that terrified him. His teeth continued to chatter.
"So," remarked the warrior conversationally, in the broken Samar Luton understood. He also recognised many Churchik words. "You do not speak." Luton still stared into cold, implacably appraising eyes. "How much pain would it take to make you start talking, boy?"
Luton tried to shake his head, but was unable to move because the hand held his head rigid. His lips moved. As frantically as he tried to speak, no sound came from his mouth, a fact that made the warrior watch him consideringly.
"Have you ever spoken?" The warrior saw the answer clearly in the black eyes. "Why can you not do so now?" He let the boy's head drop. "You have the fever, have you not?" Luton nodded. "How long have you had it?" Luton counted two days on his fingers.
The warrior stooped and unwound Luton's chain from the peg. He took the boy outside, and, with no emotion whatsoever, held Luton's head over a trough of water and pushed it down hard several times, each time longer than the first. Luton struggled weakly and gagged. When he came up for the fifth time, the warrior looked down at him.
"At least your face now has the semblance of being clean," he observed, pulling on Luton's chain. The boy was thrust into another tent, where an older Churchik with a full white beard sat quietly reading. The warrior looked up in surprise when the boy was shoved in front of him and coolly took in Luton's trembling limbs and the hanging head.
"What have we here?" he asked the younger warrior.
"He claims to be a mute. I have cleaned some of the filth from his face, so you can touch him, slave though he is, to see if he lies or not." The older man signalled Luton to approach, a rather sadly resigned expression on his face.
"He may or may not be a mute, but he will die of the fever soon enough," he said abruptly. "The child is well on with the illness. Is he from the caravan?" Giving Luton a shove, the younger warrior nodded.
The boy shuffled forward. He stood still as the older man reached out to him, but the quite violent flinch he gave when the warrior's hand touched him brought a frown to the older man's eyes. Autchek lifted the drooping head and put his hands to Luton's temples, removing them almost at the same instant.
"He is mute," he confirmed. "He spoke once, but is unlikely to do so again."
"Why not?" Autchek stared at the younger warrior in sudden irritation.
"He is deeply traumatised, Shek. Some violent emotional shock, and excessive fear, has led to the boy being this way." The younger warrior spat in disgust. "He was not raised as a warrior, Shek."
"You get money for a mute. A genuine mute is a rarity," mused Shek.
"Yes," agreed Autchek. "Blach will want him, but this one is far gone in fever."
"Can we save him?" The old warrior dispassionately considered Luton who'd gone to his knees, too weak to stand.
"He needs fluids, lots of them. He must be made to sweat it out, so give him orlos and kemp, keep him warm, and once the fever breaks, feed and clothe him. He has nothing to fight the fever with. I doubt you will save this one."
Shek roughly grasped Luton's wrist, hauled the boy to his feet and pushed him from the tent. He was returned to the first tent where he was made to lie on a hard, narrow mattress, his neck chain and ankle fetters were removed, and a lighter chain was first clipped round his wrist then locked to a metal hoop driven into the ground in the centre of the tent. The warrior briefly left the boy alone.
When he returned, he held a tankard almost brimming over with a steaming liquid. Shek yanked Luton upright and held the tankard to the boy's mouth.
"Drink!" he ordered. Since Luton shook too much to hold the tankard and his teeth were clenched with fever, Shek placed the tankard on the ground and turning, called out loudly. In response another warrior quickly entered the tent, a look of surprise on his face as he followed Shek's gesture to kneel beside the pallet.
"Who is this?" Shek glared at Luton.
"He is mute and so potentially of some value. Do you open the boy's jaws for me."
The treatment was effective but brutal. Luton choked on the continuous stream of hot liquid that scalded his throat. As the fever gripped him and made him shake and shiver uncontrollably, he bit a finger next to his teeth, an accident that provoked the second warrior to slap the boy very hard. Luton didn't notice. The fever made him disoriented. His shoulders slumped, his eyes closed, he tried to moan, but unable to fight any longer he let his body succumb to the fever. He ceased to care where he was. His lips worked with the effort to express physical pain, but no sound came.
"Lie him down," snapped Shek, pulling a cushion under the limp head.
Luton was unaware of being forcibly pushed to the mattress. Burning over every part of his body consumed him; the pain in his limbs was excruciating. He didn't remember being wrapped in several layers of cloaks, but if he could have screamed he would. The liquid he'd been made to drink made him feel very sick. He lay burning and shivering all at the one time, and, tossing from side to side, he threw off the cloaks. His lips felt cracked and his throat parched. He crawled off the mattress as far as his chains let him go, then collapsed semi-conscious.
He knew Shek returned and cursed him. When he felt himself lifted he fought the hands that held him, grasping with clenched fingers to the mattress at the same time as he tried to toss his head when his jaws were prised open. More hot liquid was poured down his throat. He struggled against being wrapped in cloaks, sweat poured from him and once more he tried to throw off the cloaks. This time he found himself held flat by invisible ties. He panicked and tried to hurl himself about.
He heard voices. Very strong restraining hands held him still. Though his eyes stared wide open, Luton was blind. Breathlessly he fought to scream, then, unable to, he cried silently and bit his lips till they bled. His fingers clenched too, till they drew blood. And still he sweated under all the furs.
He remained in the same condition for two days, unaware that, barely conscious and racked by fever, he was carried throughout the day on a litter. Tortured as he was by an inability to express his pain, he did all he could in other ways. Physically, as if, in his subconscious, he was afraid of continued abuse, he fought against anything and everything including the orlos, the cloaks and being tied down. The warriors found he was easy to handle because though the boy struggled he was pitifully weak.
On the morning of the third day Luton opened his eyes mistrustfully. Now that the tent no longer reeled and the pain that wracked him for days had eased, he took a deep quavering breath of relief. He tried to lift a hand to his head. When he found he couldn't, he realised he was tied tightly in a bundle of cloaks and lay quite still, conscious his body was soaking wet. He shivered. When he tiredly turned his head, he saw the outline of Shek before the warrior entered the tent. Shek bent over Luton who looked directly up at him.
"So you are awake, are you? Methinks you are more trouble than you are worth, boy." Shek put a large hand on the boy's forehead and nodded. "The fever has broken, has it not?" Weakly, Luton nodded. "I suppose you are wet again too."
Luton waited quietly while Shek untied the cloaks, suddenly realising he was naked. His white face flushed. Shek didn't notice because he was too busy carrying a bowl of warm water that he placed next to the pallet, and, kneeling beside Luton, he began to sponge the emaciated figure. He dried him and wrapped him in another cloak, the boy so light the warrior lifted him against the cushions with one hand. Shek noticed the sudden surge of sweat that broke out on Luton's forehead.
"Fear or fever, boy?" he asked coolly. Luton nodded. "Both?" He nodded again. "Are you still in pain?" Luton shook his head. Shek stared down at him meditatively, aware of the extreme frailty of the boy who lay there, helpless and oddly vulnerable. "From today you will be called Karek, boy. It seems appropriate because it means `silent one'. You have to have something to respond to other than `boy'. I will get you something to eat."
When the warrior returned he held a bowl of what looked to Luton like broth. Luton was too weak to hold anything so Shek fed him, nor was he gentle about it but held the spoon to the boy's lips and expected him to open his mouth and swallow immediately.
"You are very weak, boy, are you not?" he asked, as he tipped more broth ruthlessly down Luton's throat. Luton nodded, his fascinated eyes watching the large hand that remorselessly made him swallow. He managed quarter of a bowl of broth before he gagged, saw irritation on Shek's face and pulled back.
"What is the matter with you?" growled Shek. "Are you not hungry?" Luton shook his head, brushing away another surge of sweat that beaded his upper lip.
"He has been feverish for days, Shek, and barely fed for weeks before that, so I imagine his stomach has shrunk to almost nothing. He will most likely bring up some of that broth." Luton looked beyond Shek to the older warrior who’d quietly entered. "Is that not so, boy?" Luton nodded shyly. Shek rose, still holding the bowl.
"Worst of the fever seems to be over," he commented, looking down at Luton with some amusement. "He turned out to be quite a fighter, Autchek, and should fetch a good price if we can get him through this. If a mute is not wanted, he may be an attractive child for the boy market as well, if we can get weight onto him. I have told him he is to answer to `Karek'. It suits him somehow."
The older warrior, seeing the depth of fear in the black eyes as Luton listened to Shek talk, went over and knelt beside Luton, his hand gently placed on the boy's head.
"Maybe," he said quietly. "Time will tell what the boy's future will be."
~~~
Luton healed quite quickly. The fever broke completely the next day. The rest had healed his feet to the state where he'd be able to walk without too much pain, and his body sores and burns healed as well.
On the fifth day, Shek threw breeches and a tunic on to the mattress next to Luton with the sharp order to the boy to get dressed. A pair of sandals was dropped on the ground next to the pallet. It took Luton a painfully long time to dress and it left him panting and shaking, nor could he tie up the sandals. In trepidation he sat waiting for Shek to return. When he did, the warrior stared at the sandals.
"Can you not tie them?" he demanded. When Luton shook his head, Shek went down on one knee to put them on for him. "Can you walk?" Luton shrugged. Shek put his hand down and Luton very uncertainly got to his feet. "I am not nurse-maiding you anymore, Karek."
The implied threat made Luton take a quick step forward. He lost his balance and would have fallen, had Shek not put out an arm to hold him. The warrior eyed the boy broodingly, then hoisted him over his shoulder to carry him outside where he was put roughly on a seat in the sun and left.
When Shek returned, he had an armful of boots that he dumped at Luton's feet, saying curtly, "Make yourself useful and clean them. There are more where they come from."
Luton gritted his teeth against weakness and did them.
Within another four days, Luton was up and about. Like Daxel, he was very tall for thirteen cycles, but he was so thin his tunic hung over prominent bones. His face was white and his big eyes troubled and deeply sad. He looked frail and skeletal.
Shek bullied him to eat and he obliged, knowing as he did that it put up his price. He'd ceased to care. After fighting his illness so hard he was listless, but Shek wasn't too concerned. He'd got the merchandise, so now all he had to worry about was keeping it in saleable condition. He noticed the boy's apathy, but felt it wasn't significant. If he thought it would affect the price he got for Luton, Shek had ways of making boys responsive, but he was inclined to think the boy's docility would probably be an even better draw-card as few slave owners wanted a boy who protested or fought against his state. This slave certainly didn't. The journey still had a long way to go and Shek was quite happy to have a personal slave for its duration.
Luton's life developed a predictable routine. He was expected to be up by dawn to serve an early rising Shek. As instructed, with a cuff, he did all the cleaning, washing and cooking, learned to keep Shek's weapons in order and cared for the warrior's destrier. He learned about the horse the hard way when he got a kick that nearly broke his arm.
As his strength improved, he was expected to walk without any breaks and was told to help with the distribution of water to the caravan. It was a time of sheer endurance because Luton's strength was a fragile thing. He'd collapse at night with exhaustion, his face grey with fatigue. Compared, however, with what life had been on the caravan Luton found this existence bearable. The lack of chains that weighed him down for weeks made a marked difference.
He often saw the man who saved him, and, whenever he could, he took him extra food and water. Sometimes he saved some of his own food and sneaked that back as well. His friend never spoke to Luton, but his green eyes always smiled with warmth and affection when the boy came near and Luton felt the gentle understanding and sympathy that was a part of the stranger. He felt secure, knowing his friend was close by.
It took them until the end of autumn to reach Norsham. From a distance, the gutted city was forlorn and it made Luton's guts churn because Shek told him it was heavily garrisoned by the Churchik. He didn't know what to expect, so was surprised when the caravan entered it to find the bulk of the city completely empty.
Luton was terrified of being with a group of Churchik, his first experience of warriors surging back into his mind when he saw a large group of them hail Shek. Fortunately, as the caravan was settled down, none of the warriors took the slightest notice of Luton. He was known to be Shek's slave, so it was assumed Shek had prior claims to the boy. When Shek, from the beginning, showed no physical interest in him, Luton breathed more easily and adjusted to life as the warrior's slave without difficulty.
But now, among warriors, he knew deep fear, acutely aware that if Shek was asked he might hand over his slave to whoever desired his boy for some amusement while they were in the city. Luton tried to keep as low a profile as he could but unfortunately he was tall and stood out, not only because of his height but also because of his colouring, and though he began to stoop to disguise his height he could do nothing about his hair. When Luton was ill Shek cut most of the hair to the scalp which meant the boy now had an unruly mop of black curls that contrasted sharply with the Churchik blond. He was still very thin and frail looking, but his colour had improved to the point where a warrior would look at him twice.
Since the caravan was making a reasonably long stay in Norsham before moving south through the mountains of Dakhilah, the caravan was disassembled and all the men and boys were put back into slave pens. This way it was very much easier for Luton to keep in touch with his friend. He did so, several times a day, until one morning Luton couldn't find the man. He searched everywhere, scouring even the unlikeliest places. He couldn't ask where his friend was, nor did he stop searching for days, then, profoundly grieving, he crept to a corner of the old city and curling up, Luton wept deeply and long. He did not see his friend again.
The loss of the one person who'd kept a spark alive in Luton, devastated the boy as much as the shock of his experiences in Ortok. Shek found him biddable, but lifeless. The boy's eyes clouded over as they'd done in the first weeks on the slave trail and Luton never smiled. He'd only begun to shyly and tremulously smile at his friend over the last few days before the man disappeared. Now Luton closed himself irrevocably from everybody.
What he did learn to do was to watch, observing everything that went on around him. He watched how the garrison was organised and listened to the slave overseers, recognising what was going to happen and when. He learned the language of his captors even though he could never speak it. He quickly knew the nuances of the language so that he clearly understood what was implied rather than what was said.
He made himself indispensable to Shek's comfort, and, as a reward for his acquiescence, was allowed some time to himself when he could wander round old Norsham if he wished. Certainly it was freedom of a sort, though the torc round his neck and his branded tongue marked him as a slave. He found these respites calmed him, even if at times they could be nerve-wracking because he had to keep dodging Churchik warriors. On those occasions, he'd crawl into a doorway and tremble. His terror was very real. The only two warriors he felt remotely safe from molestation with were Shek and Autchek, and Luton wasn't silly enough to think that Shek wouldn't hurt him very badly if he transgressed in any way.
He was surprised to find he was relieved when Shek ordered him to prepare for a move south to the pass. Even though it took Luton ever closer to the slave market, he simply no longer cared.


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Daxel spent every morning and evening with his brother. Ensore noticed Sarehl brightened when the boy was with him so he encouraged Daxel to spend time entertaining his brother, Daxel under strict orders from the healer not to overtax Sarehl. He was most often found sitting with a book in his lap, reading out loud quietly, until he saw his brother's head droop. Then Daxel closed the book and crept from the tent.
What delighted both Kaleb and Ensore one day was to hear Sarehl laugh over something Daxel told him, both men even more pleased to hear a boyish gurgle in response. Until then no one had heard Daxel laugh. Sarehl’s nightmares continued, but Kaleb managed to reduce their intensity and frequency so that others in the camp now got uninterrupted rest at night. The foresters spoke of it one evening when Sarehl was resting and Daxel was with him. Kaleb spoke broodingly.
"It’s not just the nightmares. I’m a healer so can try to mend bodies and minds, but there’s something more going on here. Sarehl’s bond with Bethel is unique, his mental agony over the boy so profound it’s unknown to me. It’s more than a fraternal bond, or even a paternal one. It’s beyond that. It’s in the deep consciousness of the man."
"It’s not just Bethel, though with him it’s to a marked degree. It’s apparent when Sarehl’s obviously thinking of Dase too." Ensore was pensive.
"There’s another thing," put in Kalor. "Dase has suffered like many others, but there’s something more there too." He paused. "He still suffers very real anguish which hasn’t lessened as you’d expect. I’ve seen him violently flinch for no reason I can see, and when he thinks no one’s looking he puts his head in his hands. He seems to try to push something away in his mind. His knuckles go white with the pressure against his head."
"His body quivers sometimes too," commented Sache. "I asked him about it once but all he said was he gets headaches."
"Headaches be damned!" growled Ensore. He frowned. "He’s said nothing to me, though I’ve noticed his almost total withdrawal at unexpected times. It’s as if Dase simply can’t cope with anything more and blocks out everything round him."
"Trauma," mumbled Dalmin.
"No," responded Kaleb. "Ens and Sache are right. Maybe, once we know Sarehl better, and he feels able – if ever – to communicate on a deeper, personal level, we’ll understand more. All I can do at present is block Sarehl’s worst agonies of mind."
"And Dase?"
"I’ve tried to reach him by talking but his trust’s gone. He’s closed much of the time, again not consciously. To attempt anything else would be wrong."
~~~
As the weeks passed, Ensore spent more time with Sarehl too. He lounged beside the pallet, and, as Sarehl's strength increased the forester encouraged him to talk. He tried to get Sarehl to speak of his society and his family so that he could get a clearer understanding of his friend as a person, but though Sarehl obliged about Ortok and the Samar confederation, he was as deeply reticent about his family as Ensore was of his. Sarehl learned that the forester was, in reality, not a real forester at all but a Dakhilan and that Ensore's society had suffered as grievously as his own, though in a different way. Ensore told him they were in subjection, paying tribute to a brutal overlord named Alleghy. Ensore gave the impression his people lived in a highly structured society, less free than Sarehl's had been.
Winter passed into a very chilly spring. Ensore noticed that with Sarehl's increasing strength went an avid interest in what the foresters further north were doing, his questions pertinent and observations showing considerable thought and insight. The forester was well aware of the man's acute intelligence. Even more, Ensore was fascinated by the apparent empathy and instant understanding that characterised the man in many ways. Sarehl volunteered no comments, but Ensore could tell from Sarehl's expression that he critically evaluated all he heard with impossible accuracy and speed. Ensore thought the man’s mind was like a machine.
Ensore didn't push him. He told Sarehl what he wanted to know and patiently waited until the man showed signs of real recovery before he suggested Sarehl comment on what he now knew. Sarehl was reluctant, so Ensore didn't pursue it. One afternoon, however, as Sarehl lounged comfortably against cushions with his arms behind his head, he turned to the forester with his gentle smile.
"When you asked for an opinion the other day, I didn't mean to be churlish in refusing one."
Ensore, sitting back easily with his legs outstretched, looked across at Sarehl and twinkled at him. He noticed, too, how well the facial scar healed, the rawness to the wound gone. He curled a finger tentatively through his reddish copper beard.
"Have you an opinion now?"
"It just seems to me we needlessly dissipate our energies," sighed Sarehl. "Very soon, the warlord's going to move making the hit and miss manoeuvres you describe of even more limited value than they are now."
"I understand that. So what do you suggest?"
"How unified are all the men gathered about you and yours?" Ensore shook his head.
"They're not. We're a disparate lot. Many groups are oddments, large and small, from the south, along with hundreds more Samar refugees of all persuasions. Not just Ortokians either. They all select their own leaders and work out their own spheres of influence."
"It won't do." Sarehl gnawed quietly on his lower lip. "They must be combined into a unit of force. There's strength in unity. Piecemeal and uncoordinated groups of men can be picked off." Ensore stayed silent. "They must somehow be wielded into groups, with their own strengths certainly, but at the service of a whole unified force."
"How do you propose to do that?"
"How many Dakhilan men are there?"
"Quite a few," admitted Ensore. "We managed to get the cream of our cavalry north, plus many other fighting men before Lodestok took Elibera, though he made the country pay dearly for having done so. Our ruler's elite guards were put to death." He paused. Sarehl saw bleak sadness touch the gray eyes before the forester continued. "He demanded our men return, of course. When we didn't, the tribute increased."
Sarehl stretched his upper body, saying interestedly, "How many are we talking about?"
"About five thousand horse and more than twice that of foot." Sarehl stared speechlessly at Ensore.
He finally croaked, "Where are they?"
"The last I heard they were scattered about from Norsham to the upper reaches of Blenharm forest, though I doubt any are now outside the safety of the forest itself. They ferry still escaping refugees. They also indulge in the odd skirmish with the Churchik." Sarehl shook his head with disbelief.
"My friend, you must gather in those men - all of them. Or someone in authority must do so."
"Possibly. There’s scarcely a trickle now of refugees, so the men may move on. No decision's been made as far as I'm aware. No one, as far as we can judge, has escaped from the warlord's camp over the last few weeks. Some passed through here three weeks ago."
"Can you gather in any of these men?"
"Quite easily," responded the forester. His eyes twinkled as they often did.
"Are you an officer in your cavalry? Do you have influence you could use?" He stared thoughtfully at the chestnut-haired man and saw the twinkle deepen. Ensore gave the ghost of a laugh and nodded.
"What do you suggest?" he asked, in a teasing voice.
"I have several ideas," offered Sarehl, yawning.
"Then let's take them one at a time," suggested Ensore quietly.
"They all hinge on one idea, Ensore. That's unity. All men should be brought together, even if it means a camp will take time to organise. The forest's large enough to accommodate that, and a person who can coordinate and organise could do it. If I was well and it was wanted, I’d be willing. Maybe the men could be divided into divisions of multi-disciplines and then train as whole units for their particular skill."
Ensore leaned forward. "Explain."
"You have longbowmen, crossbowmen, pikemen and so on."
"Yes, there are plenty of those. They're different ethnic groups, such as Samar, or Qaran, or whatever."
"One option would be to break them all up. You could make each division not only of different skills but of mixed ethnic groupings if that would work. Make each man responsible for the man next to him. Turn them into a skilled and formidable fighting force of units that can be called upon to support any other unit as required. Each division has a name, a flag and a colour that can engender identity and pride, as well as be of use as recognition in battle. Assign them a leader." Ensore listened intently. "You also need a formalised military structure and hierarchy so everybody knows where they stand.
Each unit or divisional leader is responsible to and for his men. He must also be answerable to the ultimate authority, a commander. Responsibility is vital in group discipline. What has to be done is wield all those groups you talk about, from a rabble taking unilateral action all over the place, into an army. If it's not done, we'll be eaten piece by piece until there's no opposition. Your Dakhilan troops must have some sort of order and hierarchy, surely?" Ensore was thoughtful, his brow puckered.
"All our men owed loyalty to the ruler. Those responsible to him were from old families, so the arrangement wouldn't work even if just a handful of them survived. Our ruler was their commander. They pledged to fight to the death for him, and," added Ensore, rather mournfully, "they did, almost to the last man." He paused and stared at Sarehl. "Who," he asked gently, "is going to do this?"
"I don't know," said Sarehl fretfully, plucking at his covers. "I'd talk to the Ortokian men, if they'd listen to me that is, but -." He broke off. "I was to be a scholar."
"It's worth thinking about, Sarehl, though I personally wouldn't be keen to see the cavalry split into different divisions as well as among other groups. They are trained. Many others aren’t."
"True. They wouldn't have to be. There are always alternatives. Try this: each unit could have men culled but only for a specific purpose. Or you could have your elite corps stay as they are, like the cavalry. It might be better they’re left that way." Sarehl was thoughtful for a moment. "Another way is this. How about making each unit an ethnic group - say, Dakhilan, with a specific military skill such as Dakhilan archers with their own leader. That may answer better. Or one ethnic group of multi-skills under their own leader, like Dakhilan bowmen and Dakhilan pikemen. That'd lessen the possibility of one ethnic race becoming dominant over another."
"That would be preferable," mused Ensore. "I don't think, in these times when people's identities are fragile, that mixing ethnic groupings would be wise. I suspect for the suggestion to be palatable we must work around the problem in the way you just suggested."
"But you must have one overall commander," insisted Sarehl.
"Must we?" quizzed Ensore. "I’m teasing you, Sarehl. I take your point. Now then, what about all the men who've no military training at all? Or the women, for that matter?"
"If we're to survive we must all learn new skills. That includes you and me if I recover. Dase was to be a merchant. Now he’ll be a fighter."
"Southerners are born horsemen," murmured Ensore, almost to himself, "whereas you northmen make excellent archers and swordsmen. I wonder if it could be done?" Sarehl stretched his arms.
"The skirmishes must be properly organised, with specific targets in mind; there must be coordination and intent, whilst still giving the appearance of randomness. We wouldn't want to alert Lodestok too soon to the formation of a properly organised force because we desperately need time. And," added Sarehl on a deep yawn, "the raids must focus on our needs of the moment and not just on anything we can get hold of." Ensore rose and laughed down at black eyes rapidly become sleepy.
"Your mind seethes, young friend. It's time it was rested."
He crossed to a small table set at the other side of the tent and picked up a beaker that was full. Sarehl watched, sighed, and submitted. Ensore strode from the tent, his mind mulling over possibilities and fearsome obstacles.
With Sarehl's recovery being a prolonged affair and the sick man's needs lessening by the day, Daxel spent an increasing amount of time with Ensore, for whom the boy developed enormous respect and near adoration. Sarehl was more than happy for his brother to be with the forester and urged the boy to learn all he could.
"Ensore's not Samar, is he?" Daxel asked, one afternoon. Sarehl rested, a borrowed book lying open beside him. "I think from what I've heard he's from the south somewhere."
"No, he's not Samar," Sarehl answered calmly. "He tells me he's Dakhilan. He's from the same place as Sache. You already know the other foresters are from even further south. The warlord's ravaging has dislocated at least half Ambros, if not more. I gather, from the little Ensore's said, his people have been over-run and now pay tribute."
"Why didn't they fight?"
"They did, fiercely from what Kalor tells me, though they're not a warlike people. They're mountain dwellers who controlled a vital trade link between north and south Ambros. Kalor’s people, and Dalmin and Arth’s, were worse treated. The warlord had to have the mountain countries to have access to Samar."
"Dahkilans will be less passive in cycles to come, like us," mumbled Daxel, flicking over a page of Sarehl's book. His brother watched him with a smile in his eyes.
"It was submission or genocide." The boy looked up with a frown.
"They didn't offer us an alternative," Daxel answered, scratching at his cheek. "I wonder why not?"
"We'd nothing of value, little brother." Daxel went to protest, but shut his mouth at Sarehl's raised hand. "The Dakhilan had a pass the Churchik needed to get troops north. Would you want a hostile force constantly organising against you or would you conquer and demand tribute and free access?" Sarehl saw the boy go very thoughtful.
"They're clever thinkers the Churchik, aren't they?"
"The warlord understands strategy, little brother, which is more than we seem to do. We need to out-think him. He’s ahead of us in organisation. We need to begin now – he’s had cycles to prepare."
"We do our best," replied Daxel defensively.
"Yes, lad, but we aren't as effective as we should be," argued Sarehl, in a quiet voice. There was a long silence while each was deeply thoughtful, then Daxel looked across at his brother.
"Has Kaleb seen you this morning?"
"Yes. I try to make him let me stay awake," Sarehl murmured, "but he has ways and means. I think its because he's a Yazd."
"A what?" exclaimed Daxel.
"Yazd are southern people from, I think, the southwest. Ensore may not speak of his own people, but he certainly speaks of them and with the deepest respect."
"What sort of people are they? Kaleb’s eyes are the lightest colour I've ever seen. I don't think they have any colour, now I think about it." Daxel tilted his head in thought.
"Typical of his kind, I suspect," commented Sarehl, putting his arms behind his head.
"Are all Yazd like him - healers, I mean?"
"I don't know," answered Sarehl, with a faint sigh. "Ensore tells me some of their people can seek out others mentally, and can read minds as well as heal. That," he added seriously, "was lucky for me, because healers like Kaleb are flung far and wide. Kalor tells me the warlord set out to exterminate the Yazd. Those who aren’t enslaved are mostly scattered all over Ambros, but quite a few were taken to serve the Churchik. Ensore tells me Kaleb has lost family. So many of us have, Dase." Daxel gave a deep shiver.
"So," he mused after a moment. "Can he make you go to sleep?"
"Yes, damn him," responded Sarehl.
As he spoke, Kaleb entered the tent. Daxel looked embarrassed and Sarehl gave a deprecatory cough.
"You're referring to me, aren't you?" the healer asked, with his attractive and gentle smile. He advanced on Sarehl, a container in one hand. Sarehl flung up a hand.
"What's that you've got?" he demanded. "More medicine?" The healer handed the beaker to Sarehl who sniffed at it suspiciously.
"Drink it, my friend," ordered Kaleb, "or I'll ask your brother to hold you down." Sarehl eyed him, then with a sigh he drank. "That's excellent," murmured Kaleb. "Now, Dase, find Ensore for me, would you?"
~~~
Ensore crossed the ground in three strides, stared down at Sarehl and then at the healer, and raised an eyebrow questioningly. He heard a slurred mumble and the other eyebrow went up.
"How is he?" he asked. "I don't seem to have had much time with him the last few days."
"Very much improved," laughed Kaleb. "When I came in, he was damning me. He's holding long conversations without too many signs of exhaustion, is very alert and interested and has become quite argumentative. He also has fewer nightmares, though when they come they're still very bad and quite uncontrollable."
"And in body?"
"We'll see, my friend. You'll notice his scar has healed."
"Yes, I've noticed that," agreed Ensore. "When he puts on weight and the scar fades, he'll still be a most striking looking man."
It didn't take them long to remove the splints. The forester held his breath. The legs resembled wasted fragile sticks but they were straight, Ensore suddenly realising again that they were impossibly long. Sarehl was at least six feet seven inches tall, and all the height, the forester reflected, seemed to be in these delicate limbs. The healer gently tapped and probed each leg, occasionally glancing up at Ensore as he did. He worked quietly with each limb, then the hips.
"All's well," he reassured the forester. "He needs to strengthen, but he'll walk again, albeit with a limp. I can't do anything about that." Ensore gave a sigh of relief and stretched.
"How can he strengthen those legs?"
"Oh he'll do it for himself, that one," Kaleb said in an amused tone. "He has a strong will." He straightened.
While the healer packed away the splints neatly and rolled up the bandages, Ensore lounged to a chair and sat there with Sarehl's book in his lap, idly flicking through it. He yawned, watching Kaleb pick up two goblets and a wineskin and sit opposite. Kaleb poured out the wine and stretching across Sarehl, gave a goblet to Ensore.
"How's the boy coming along?" Kaleb asked conversationally, relaxing back with a sigh of contentment. The forester put down the book. He answered quietly.
"He's intense in what he does and generally does it very well. He'll make a good fighter in time, at quite a young age in fact."
"And what are your plans, my friend?" Ensore went quiet and looked reflectively into the goblet. Kaleb sipped his wine, waiting. When the forester looked up, the healer saw unusual uncertainty in his expression.
"I don't know," Ensore said deliberately. "I've been talking with Sarehl -." He stopped and glanced at Kaleb. "Yes, yes, I know you said not to discuss too much with him, but the man makes sense."
"It also interests him, so I doubt it'll harm him," responded the healer mildly, with a shrug. "Besides he's not as weak as he was." Kaleb drank deeply and added reflectively, "Also, an active mind being stimulated may well help the man come to terms with things and events that bewilder and profoundly anger him." Ensore studied the healer's face impassively for a minute, then nodded and spoke in his quiet way.
"I take your point. If it helps him, well and good. What's so important, from another point of view, is how he talks of organisation and tactics. We badly need him for his quick grasp of situations and his extraordinarily flexible mind." Ensore ran a hand across his beard. "But I know he can't go northwest where he'd be on the move, can he?"
"No, my friend, he can't. He must move on as soon as he's able, but at a pace that suits his ability. He'll never be a fighting man, if he ever was. I sense genuine scholarship about him." Kaleb drank, his eyes on Ensore.
"True," agreed Ensore. "It may be that such a talent and formidable intellect may work to our advantage. He speaks of coordination of forces and of attacking for specific reasons, rather than indulging in random assaults. He says we're too fragmented to be fully effective."
"Is he right? I'm a healer, not a fighter as you've been forced to become, so I can't comment."
"Yes, I think he is. I want more time with him before you move. I'm sure he can help our cause a great deal."
"You assume I'm going north as well, Ensore."
"Aren't you?" quizzed Ensore. "You wouldn't leave Sarehl in other hands now, would you?"
"No, probably not. What though," pursued Kaleb, "about the boy?"
"He'll presumably go north with his brother. The boy's much too young to be a fighter. He's scarcely more than thirteen cycles," replied Ensore, in an adamant tone.
"Dase won’t be happy about that, but I see we'll not agree," sighed Kaleb. He looked across at Ensore and gave him a smile of long friendship. "Time, my friend, will show us the way."
Ensore raised his goblet in a salute.
~~~
The summer weeks passed quickly for Daxel. It didn’t take him long to become at ease around the foresters, who treated him as if he were everyone's younger brother and teased him. He took it because it was done with lazy affection. What Ensore told him he accepted without question. At last he felt as if he belonged somewhere. Sarehl saw the boy's eyes brighten and Daxel didn't hunch defensively, but when Sarehl commented on this to Ensore the forester merely looked grave, but made no response.
Daxel was an observant boy who picked up things very quickly, nor could he live among adults without becoming more like them, his maturing more rapid than could normally be expected. To a casual observer he wouldn't just seem a thirteen-cycle boy. The exercise and training that Ensore put the boy through had a physical affect too. He looked lean and fit, rather than lanky and gawky. His coordination improved when he learned to ride which he did with grace after a season. Arth, a gifted horseman, taught him horsemanship and said the boy had the potential to be an excellent rider.
Daxel's confidence, so badly shattered, returned. The most pleasing aspect of Daxel's maturing was the smile that often crept across the young face, or the reluctant grin he gave when he was caught out in some way by the men. Ensore was delighted when he heard the boy break into spontaneous laughter one day, aware that he'd never heard Daxel being boyish. Nor did Daxel hide away. He became steadily more sociable and the taciturn boy, who seldom spoke, was almost garrulous.
He learned to handle a pike and a broadsword. He was encouraged into archery for which he had very real aptitude. He learned to ride and shoot, still astride, in a fluid motion and because he did daily training his stamina and strength increased. The forester also supervised what Daxel ate. That surprised the boy, especially when he was handed powders that he was told to add to his food. When Daxel asked what they were for Ensore looked at him and said they were for growing pains.
"I seem to stretch overnight," mumbled Daxel, looking at the forester with a grin.
"Your father was very tall, Sarehl tells me."
"I never knew my father. Sar's the only father we ever knew, other than Bruno for a short while," was the very soft response, before Daxel turned away. Ensore watched him go thoughtfully, his brows knit.
One day in midsummer saw Daxel lethargic, he made mistakes and it was obvious his mind wasn't on what he was doing. They all sprawled out, eating a midsun meal. Ensore's look at Daxel was a searching one, though he made no immediate comment as both sat in silence. He noticed the boy had an unusual dullness. While Daxel ate, Ensore lounged opposite, studying the lean, intense face.
"Is something on your mind, lad?" he asked. Daxel didn't look up and kept eating. "It's considered rude not to answer when you're spoken to," Ensore chided him.
To his surprise, Daxel threw down his plate and rose precipitately. He fled from the fireside. Ensore watched the retreating figure with a frown that didn't lift when Kaleb came over and squatted down beside him. The healer looked enquiringly across at the forester.
"What’s upset the boy?" he enquired, scooping up a mouthful of stew.
"I merely asked what bothered him," answered Ensore preoccupied. "Now what the gods can have upset him?" He looked sharply at Kaleb. "Is Sarehl all right?"
"He was a few minutes ago when I took him food," replied Kaleb. About to take another mouthful, he added, "He's getting difficult to handle. I think we should let him hobble about on sticks."
"How will he react to that?" asked Ensore, momentarily diverted.
"With disgust, I should imagine," was the amused response.
The meal passed without much further conversation, then Ensore strolled away to find Daxel. He found the boy where the forester thought he'd be, because Daxel always came back to the spinney when he needed to think or things got too much for him. He was on the ground leaning against a sapling, his long legs stretched out and his face tear-stained. When he saw Ensore, he quickly tried to surreptitiously wipe away a stray tear. Ensore stood where he was.
"Am I intruding, Dase?"
"No," came the mumbled reply.
"May I sit with you?"
"Yes." Ensore advanced, settled himself on the ground, and leaned back on an elbow.
"Will you tell me what troubles you? It sometimes helps to share a burden, you know."
"You taught me fighting skills, didn't you?"
"Yes, I did," said Ensore, a note of surprise in his quiet voice.
"How can I use them as a forager? I'll forget everything."
"What are you talking about, Dase?"
"About going back to forage." This time the young voice was despondent. "You must know how I'll hate it. And I like being with you. I feel I belong with you and the others."
"Well, who in the name of the gods is making you forage, you silly child?" asked Ensore, exasperated.
"You're sending me on soon, aren't you?"
"Sending you where?"
"To the next camp, with Sarehl."
"Ah," said Ensore, with sudden comprehension. "Now what have you been hearing, my lad?" Daxel felt his chin gripped and his face turned to look directly into the forester's. He tried to jerk his head away, but Ensore gripped him so hard his fingers hurt the young face. "Answer me!"
"I heard them all talking, last night. They said you'd be going north to a troop but that Sarehl and the boy - that's me, isn't it - were going to a refugee camp once Sarehl could walk again." The grasp on his chin didn't lessen.
"Look at me." Daxel found himself looking into formidable, gray eyes that no longer smiled. "Now you listen to me." Daxel's head was shaken a little. "Have I said anything to you at all?" Daxel tried to shake his head. "Has your brother spoken to you about it?" He tried again. "Do you always believe discussions you hear at the fire?" Daxel blushed. "Well, do you?" demanded Ensore inexorably.
"Not usually, no."
"Good," said Ensore, letting go the chin. "Gods, what a child you are," he commented on a sigh. "There’s something you'll bear in mind, Dase. I always tell people what's to happen and explain why. I'll discuss things with you at an appropriate time, lad." Daxel nodded. Ensore stooped, picked up the bow and quiver that lay beside Daxel and held them out. "You'll care for these as you've been taught. They're now yours and you'll always have them accessible."
"Thank you," came the gruff, breaking voice. There was a considerable degree of affection in Ensore's expression as he looked across at Daxel.
"You mustn't be a liability to us, lad," he said, very gently. As he stood Daxel looked directly back at the forester and saw the seriousness behind the smile in Ensore's eyes.
"Does this mean I can go with you?" Ensore held up his hand.
"One step at a time, boy. Your brother isn't yet walking. It's also his decision, not mine."
He noticed Daxel looked behind him, bow and quiver in hand and turned, following the boy's intent gaze. Limping towards them, grimly determined, was a tall figure who leaned very heavily on sticks. Kaleb walked beside Sarehl with a resigned expression.
"Quickly, lad, over to him before the stubborn fool falls over."
It didn't surprise Ensore to see Sarehl up and trying to walk. He caught Kaleb's eye as they drew closer and couldn't restrain a grin. The forester watched as the healer gently, but firmly, bullied Sarehl to eat and exercise, and made him take medicines and rest. Under this care, Sarehl was no longer so distressingly emaciated. More noticeably, he had spirit. Having been standing with sticks, learning anew how to balance for several days now, he insisted on trying to walk. He hailed Ensore cheerfully as the forester and his brother came up to him.
"Gods, what an effort it is," he said breathlessly.
"I told you to maintain balance first," scolded Kaleb.
"Does he bully everyone?" asked Sarehl.
"Most of the time," answered Ensore, moving beside Sarehl and taking one of his arms, while Kaleb took the other. Daxel grabbed the falling sticks. "Now, Sarehl, relax and try to walk," Ensore suggested, encouraging Sarehl to lean heavily on him. "You may find it easier this way."
Quietly, he and Kaleb turned Sarehl around and let him limp slowly back the way he'd come. The healer turned to Daxel.
"Remove those sticks well out of his range, won't you?"
Grinning broadly, Daxel did exactly that. He picked them up and took them into Kaleb's tent as Ensore gently helped Sarehl ease himself into a seat the healer drew up. The forester stood quietly looking down at the seated figure.
"I need to talk with you," he said gently. Sarehl looked up.
"You're troubled about Dase, aren't you?"
"We have to decide on his future, don't we?" Ensore crouched, his face serious. "He's in something of a fret, you see," he added, in a very quiet aside.
"I know," whispered Sarehl, raising a hand to stop any further conversation because Daxel approached with a heavy cloak draped over one arm.
"Kaleb said you're to wear this," Daxel announced, carefully draping it round his brother's shoulders. Ensore got to his feet.
"You stay and keep your brother company, lad. I'll let you know when it's time to eat." He left as he spoke and Daxel settled on the ground, looking up at his brother.
Sarehl stared down at the boy reflectively for a long time, before he said calmly, "I think you and I need to have a brotherly chat, young man. Would you agree?" He saw how Daxel coloured deeply and drew his own conclusions. "Well, little brother, what do you want to say to me?"
~~~
When Ensore approached the brothers to advise food was ready, he paused, watching them from a short distance. They were alike in many ways, yet very different. Sarehl behaved like a man considerably older than his twenty cycles with, still, a languid tiredness to his gestures. Daxel was vivacious with bright eyes; he had a youthful vibrancy that contrasted sharply with his brother's languor. Daxel knelt next to Sarehl, laughing up at him. When Sarehl looked up he saw, over the boy's head, the still figure of the forester outlined against the fading light.
Once they were all comfortably ensconced around the fire, Ensore sent Daxel off to get food for both himself and his brother. Sarehl waited for the boy to go, before speaking to Ensore in a low voice.
"I think I'm losing him again." Ensore heard sad recognition and acceptance.
"He wants to fight, doesn't he?" was all he said. There was a long pause that the forester didn't want to break.
"He wants to be with you." This time Ensore heard the faintest sigh from Sarehl after he spoke and understood it.
"Because I'll teach him to fight. It would be someone else if it wasn't me," he answered softly.
"Maybe. They grow up so fast."
"What do you wish me to do, Sarehl? He's your brother and it must be your decision what happens to him." Ensore saw a haunted expression flicker across the scarred face. "Don't make a decision you're uncomfortable with. The boy will adapt, one way or the other."
"I'm not uncomfortable. The boy's seen all he holds dear torn from him and knows depths of despair. He wishes to fight those who've so wronged him and hurt me, so I say he goes with you if that's his wish and you're prepared to accept responsibility for him." Sarehl's smile went awry. "I know he's mature for his age, but he's still only a boy." Ensore put a firm hand on Sarehl's shoulder and kept it there.
"I'll take care of him for you, Sar, be assured of that. I'll never let harm come to the boy." Ensore paused. "His youth concerns you deeply, doesn't it?" Sarehl thought for a moment, before speaking.
"I know he'll be safe with you and that you won't let him fight until he's older. It's not that, it's..."
"What really concerns you?"
"If I send the boy north to a camp, even in company with me," Sarehl began, then he paused again. "He'll get bored and lonely, even with me. He told me this evening that not knowing what happened to his brother tears him apart. He experiences surges of pain and fear, but says he's coped better since you've been here and I suspect it's because you keep him fully occupied and he has little time to brood."
"Does he miss Bethel, too?" asked Ensore, rather surprised. He was aware Sarehl turned his head and stared oddly at him.
"I speak of Lute, his twin brother." The forester stopped eating and looked back at Sarehl in astonishment.
"I didn't know he had a twin brother," he replied blankly. It was Sarehl's turn to be surprised.
"But Kaleb -. " He broke off, then continued. "Kaleb noticed how haunted the boy was, seasons ago, and asked me if it was Bethel. He didn't understand why the boy continued so desolate and uncertain. It's Lute who troubles Dase so deeply." Ensore frowned into the fire.
"And no one knows what happened to Lute?"
"No one."
"Twins know, don't they," pursued Ensore, "if one of them's badly hurt, or has died?"
"Dase doesn't feel Lute's dead -." Sarehl broke off and put a warning hand on Ensore's arm as Daxel appeared, a heavily laden tray in his hands that he carefully placed in his brother’s lap before he turned and went back to the foresters. Ensore was reflective.
"We know little about twins – they’re quite rare in our part of Ambros and barely known further south. Dahkilah hasn’t known twins for a very long time. There are types of twins too, aren’t there? "
"Aye. Dase and Lute are considered less common because they’re truly identical. They don’t just mirror each other as some do – they are the same, though split in half. No one could tell them physically apart. Mam thought she could. I couldn’t. They thought and spoke in unison. Bethel and Chlo knew which was which, but only some of the time. As they began to grow their personalities showed traces of individuality, but they still spoke and thought the same way until the sack of Ortok. They didn’t bother to speak until they were four cycles. They had no need to. They were a sort of unit of one in themselves."
"It makes their suffering now almost incomprehensible, doesn’t it?"
"To others, yes. Dase has begun to teach himself how to survive as a sentient half. Lute –". Sarehl broke off.
"The same," said Ensore softly. "It explains so much about Dase. I’ll care for him, Sar, as if he’s kin. I promise you that. Ongwin will watch over him too, and guide him as he did me. The boy will be nurtured to the best of our ability, so can you be more at ease about him?"
"I am, Ens, I am. I just thank the gods you and Kaleb found us. And the others. They’ve adopted Dase too, so, in a sense he’s found a new family to relate to. I can’t ask for more."
"Then look to yourself, Sar, and concentrate on getting stronger. Let go your worry about Dase."


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

On this day, Bethel, as usual, accompanied Sarssen who was on his way to organise and supervise archery training. Bethel fell a little behind, wandering along batting anything he passed with a switch he'd cut from the long autumn grasses that ringed the camp. Sarssen moved ahead, not looking back to ensure the boy was close to him, because it was unusual for Bethel to linger. He rarely felt safe out in the open camp. Even at the age he was now, and after life with Lodestok, he was acutely aware of his vulnerability in more ways than one, especially around many Churchik warriors. He'd seen enough sneaked and gratuitous rape about the camp to make him extremely wary.
It was as he passed a group of boys, older than himself, that he heard the yelled word. They were Churchik boys considerably more solidly built than himself, Bethel tall for his age and very slender. He stopped. He turned back to stare incredulously at the boy who yelled at him. The others giggled.
"What did you call me?" he demanded, his cheeks hot.
"Smernok, smernok, a cheap smernok," chanted the boy. Bethel's cheeks burned as the others took up the refrain. Bethel ground his teeth.
"You unsay that," he muttered. The flush died and his cheeks whitened.
"You come and make me," mocked the Churchik boy, squaring up to Bethel purposefully. Then he looked in disgust at Bethel and dropped his fists, saying scathingly, "Who would want to fight with a smernok anyway and a dirty slave at that?"
Bethel clenched his fists. He knew he was no fighter and had fought only in fun with his brothers but the insult was too much, especially since he'd no choice about what the warlord did to him. His anger mounted. His emotions had been so savagely repressed since he'd been with Lodestok, it was a relief to have his commonsense swept aside in a torrent of fury. He rushed at the Churchik boy in blind rage. They closed.
Bethel was at an immediate disadvantage because his hair was long and could be used against him, unlike the Churchik boy, who, as custom dictated, had his hair cropped short until he reached manhood at sixteen cycles. Bethel also wore a torc and ankle chains. He wore no jewellery because that was always removed by Sarssen in the morning - only warriors had the privilege of personal jewellery worn permanently. The Churchik boy got hold of Bethel's hair and torc and dragged the younger boy down to the ground where they grappled in earnest, biting and kicking like a couple of weirkits.
It turned out to be an even contest since, unexpectedly, frustration and rage gave Bethel an unanticipated edge. The other boys formed a circle round the scrapping pair, shrieked encouragement to their friend, and one boy every so often put a helpful boot into Bethel. First the Churchik boy was on top, pummelling, pulling and kicking, then Bethel. This went on for quite a while. The noise from the sidelines was deafening.
It was enough to arouse the interest of the warriors to whom Sarssen was speaking. Some ambled across to the rapidly swelling crowd to peer over the boys' heads in an effort to see what was going on. Immediately, one of them turned. He moved swiftly back to the target ground.
"What is it?" asked Sarssen coldly. "I do not wish to be interrupted." After bowing, the warrior bent his head. "Well?"
"It is the boy, my lord," answered the warrior breathlessly. Sarssen turned and looked about him.
”Where is he? He has orders to remain with me."
"In a fight, my lord." Sarssen compressed his lips in a way that made him look unusually grim.
"Where?"
The warrior pointed. He followed as Sarssen swung sharply in that direction. He felt a little sorry for the slave boy because he suspected Sarssen would do worse to him than would any boy his age. The Churchik boy was on his feet. He’d drawn a knife. He hadn't expected Bethel to be any sort of opponent and now sought to finish the fight as soon as possible. Bethel had no knife and was hampered by chains. He and the other boy circled each other warily, both looking for an opening, both the worse for wear. Sarssen reflected that he'd never seen Bethel look so grim and determined. He was inclined to let them fight it out, but the Churchik boy drawing a knife made that impossible.
Sarssen turned to the warrior who'd summoned him and curtly demanded a whip, raised it and brought it down between the boys with considerable force. Bethel looked startled. Stumbling with the chains, he pulled back too slowly to avoid the whiplash that caught him on the elbow, gave a low cry, and immediately grasped his arm. The Churchik boy saw his chance and lunged. He caught the crouching Bethel a slashing cut across the hand.
An oath was jerked out of Sarssen. He took a step forward, turned the Churchik boy and brought the whip down, the boy dropped the knife with a whimper and fell to his knees. He crawled to his friends. His youthful supporters went quiet. When Sarssen glared at each of them in turn and took a step towards them, they all took one step back, eyes riveted to the whip held purposefully.
"Who started this?" snarled Sarssen, hauling Bethel to his feet. Nobody spoke. Sarssen's look down at Bethel made the boy blanch. "Well, boy?"
"No one, my lord," Bethel answered in a very shaken voice. He nursed his arm.
"I see," responded Sarssen. He picked up the whip he'd dropped and raised it. "Will this refresh your memory, boy?" Bethel bit his lip nervously, then determinedly shook his head. His eyes refused to meet the warrior's. His anger was gone.
"Manas did," piped up one of the youngest boys, glancing fleetingly, but admiringly, at Bethel.
"So that is how it was." Sarssen strode across to the Churchik boy who was curled into as small a knot as he could get. He didn't look up, even when nudged sharply with a boot. Sarssen stooped and yanked the boy to his feet. "If you provoke a quarrel," advised Sarssen very quietly, "you should learn to take the results like a man. What did you say to the boy to make him fight?"
"I called him a smernok, my lord."
Sarssen barely repressed a smile. His anger dissipated immediately. "In a challenge using a knife on someone who has no weapon is not acceptable. When a boy aspires to become a warrior, he undergoes challenges where both he and an opponent are judged equal in skill and weaponry, if not necessarily in strength. It seems such an elementary lesson is lost on you. You will come to me at dawn tomorrow for a lesson you will not forget."
Sarssen turned back to Bethel who stood alone, the crowd having thinned to only a few bystanders now the fight was over. His look down at Bethel was stern.
"Go to my pavilion." Bethel went to protest. "Now! I shall be with you as soon as I finish what I am doing. Then I shall deal with you. You will not find that at all pleasant. Go!"
Bethel cast a look of entreaty, mixed with contrition, at the impassive face above him, correctly read the expression, and with lagging steps turned away.
~~~
The result of the fight wasn't entirely what Bethel wanted. Though he didn't show it to Bethel, Lodestok was highly diverted, but also agreed with Sarssen the boy needed to be kept busy. That evening when Bethel entered his pavilion, the warlord looked appraisingly at the bandaged arm and hand.
"The scars of battle, little bud?"
"It's not much, my lord," answered Bethel apprehensively. "It's just that they don't stop bleeding."
"Where else are you hurt?"
"Nowhere else, my lord."
"You relieve my mind," was the sardonic response. "I had an unpleasant thought that you may not be able to serve me - that I would find unforgivable, little man." The warlord's voice got very gentle, an ominous sign that Bethel quailed at. "You will bear that in mind next time you go brawling, little cock, will you not? I do not like damaged wares."
"No, my lord," replied Bethel.
"Now, little petal, before we go any further, I shall outline how you will spend your days. I would advise you to sit and pay careful attention to what I say." Bethel did, his large eyes fixed on Lodestok's face. "Good boy. You will, as always, be at my service. You do understand that all else is secondary to that, do you not?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Excellent. If you are not required in the mornings, you will receive basic military training from Sarssen. You will learn self-defence as fast as you can. Your slave duties remain unaltered."
"Yes, my lord."
"Your afternoons will be with Lotos, from whom you will learn history, culture, philosophy, mathematics and every other subject a child should be taught. You will become proficient in spoken Churchik and also learn to write it - I do not believe you understand enough of the language. You are certainly not fluent as I expect you to be. From today you will no longer speak other than Churchik." The warlord paused, then added, "I shall examine you on all you study, so you know precisely what that means, do you not?" Bethel nodded bleakly. His eyes swerved briefly to the large hands that could administer such painful lessons. "You will remain with Lotos until you return to me for the evening." There was another longer pause, while the warlord looked down into the upturned face. "At no time do you wander off on your own. Should you choose to defy me, child, you will do so but once. Do you understand?" He saw the glimmer of resentment on the boy's face, even as Bethel answered meekly.
"Yes, my lord."
"And if," the silky voice went on, "you do not apply yourself, little bud, you will answer to me and that I can assure you will be very painful. You do remember what I can do to you, do you not, little one?" As Bethel could remember with dreadful clarity, he had no hesitation in answering in the affirmative. "Then, little petal, since we have sorted out problems that may have arisen, you will bring me wine before you serve me."
Bethel hastily rose, bowed and crossed to the far side of the pavilion where a goblet and carafe stood ready.
Next morning saw Sarssen sharply bid Bethel be fed without any waste of time. Bethel noticed Sarssen tapped his boot with his riding whip and he didn't argue, gulping down the food he was directed to, then stood to attention as all Churchik young did, hands clasped behind their backs. His session with the tempkar, after the fracas the day before, was so direct Bethel made a resolution not to disobey Sarssen again.
"Tie back your hair, boy," ordered Sarssen, frowning down at him. "It will be a nuisance. Do it now."
Sarssen waited, still tapping his boot. When Bethel was ready he pushed the boy forward, literally propelling him outside where Bethel came face to face with Manas who lounged negligently on a fence post. Bethel recoiled, his expression one of acute dislike.
"Why's he here?" he demanded, forgetting momentarily where he was and to whom he spoke.
"Did you speak to me?" asked Sarssen, raising an eyebrow. Bethel had the grace to blush. He quickly mumbled an apology. Sarssen stooped to unlock Bethel’s chains that he lifted and pocketed.
Bethel looked over at Manas again and saw that despite his lazy posture, he actually leaned on the post for support. His look up at Sarssen was respectful. Sarssen looked from one boy to the other. He spoke quietly to Bethel.
"You, boy, will go and place your hand in his." Bethel stared incredulously at the warrior, a mutinous set to his mouth. "Do it," said Sarssen very softly, but in such a way Bethel didn't dare disobey. Reluctantly, he went over and placed his hand in Manas' outstretched one, Manas' hand closed over his, and he mumbled a few words in Churchik. "Do likewise, boy. He offers you his friendship and guidance." There was a malicious note of enjoyment in the warrior's deep voice. "Do him the courtesy of a response. You humiliate a Churchik at your peril." Bethel looked confused.
"What do I do after that?"
"You accept his offer and thank him," was the reply.
This done, the boys separated. They eyed each other and tried to sum up the other and looked so like wild cubs that Sarssen relaxed and grinned. He spoke to Bethel.
"You need someone near your own age to work and compete with. Manas has offered to do this." Bethel looked sideways at Manas, convinced it hadn't been by choice. "You will have much to learn from each other," continued the amused voice, "but you will soon see. Manas has already learned some warrior skills that he can teach you." Sarssen pushed both boys ahead of him.
~~~
Bethel watched Sarssen’s behaviour when he was with Lodestok, especially of an evening when he had to serve both men. He sat on his mat, his eyes going from one man to another. He learned the card and board games they played by heart, simply as something to do. He struggled with all the warlord’s set tasks, assiduously polished and burnished anything and everything he was given to do and obeyed the order to study of an evening if set something to learn.
He tussled with the Churchik language, his accent staying quaintly northern and when given a book to read, he tried hard to understand it. Sometimes Lodestok’s hard eyes lifted from what he was doing, to let them alight on the slight boy, sometimes shivering as he curled up on his mat, a frown of concentration on his face and with a large tome open in his lap. The warlord’s eyes would dwell long and thoughtfully, Sarssen noticed, unsure why Lodestok should look that way. It wasn’t a predatory look – it was considered and measured. It didn’t, however, translate into gentleness in his dealings with the boy. Sarssen just took note, quite unaware he’d been studied in the same way over many cycles.
~~~
It was as winter approached, that Sarssen noticed something else about this unusual boy. With the days growing colder and becoming dark earlier at night, the warlord instructed that huge fires be lit around the camp; here men could gather, tankards in hand, to be entertained by dancers, tumblers, singers and the bards, most noticeably Gariok, the war bard.
This huge Churchik, in true southern tradition, swept his bards before him as they sang their way round the camp hour after hour. Gariok didn’t do much of that, because he preferred to recite sagas that he knew Lodestok enjoyed. He had no special instrument, though was highly proficient in many, and was an outstanding orator. Though he wasn't a musician in the sense that Bethel was, he had a powerful voice that Lodestok responded to in full measure as did the boy, his fascinated eyes watching the bard with awe. Gariok wasn't called the warlord's bard for nothing. He answered to Dominik.
Tempkars and haskars gathered round the fire built especially for the warlord, lounged back at their ease, often with slave girls or boys squatting beside them. Other slaves constantly came and went with refreshment. Junior warriors sat further back again. On these occasions, Lodestok, in control of proceedings, sat in a chair brought from his pavilion, his boy pushed to the ground at his feet. Sarssen watched as Bethel settled himself as comfortably as he could on the hard, cold ground, the boy shivering in the cool of the evening despite being near the fire. Sarssen thought he looked so out of place among southerners.
It was these nights the warrior thought Bethel's huge eyes looked at their most haunted. The boy listened to the sagas and the war songs, his eyes fixed on first one warrior's face, then another, as they chanted or sang refrains. The warlord never sang. All his warriors did, choruses swelling in the silence of the early Samar winter. Sarssen noticed Bethel was clearly distressed, knees hunched and hands clasped tightly round his calves. His head fell forward and only Sarssen, watching him, saw tears. The warrior saw, too, the imperceptible flinch the boy gave when the warlord caressed him or rested his huge hand on the dark curls. Sarssen wondered why music affected the boy so deeply.
On this evening, he began to understand why. They'd all been gathered around the fire for hours. The bard had entertained and now leaned back against one of his apprentices quaffing from a tankard, while about those gathered there was a somnolence brought on by drink, warmth and entertainment. The dancers had come and gone. The musicians had paused, having played most of the night. The hour was advanced.
Sarssen noticed that Bethel was on his feet and now stood between the warlord's thighs where a strong arm held him firmly against Lodestok's stomach. Sarssen watched the warlord look down and say something to the boy that made Bethel, even in the fire light, blush very deeply, his head jerking up and round so he could meet Lodestok's eyes. The warlord's free hand tangled in the curls when Bethel shook his head. Sarssen saw how Lodestok laughed. His arm about the boy tightened possessively.
At that moment the musicians began to play a southern melody, an evocative one that reminded all the warriors of home. It suited the quietness of this evening's gathering, was often played because it was well known to everyone, and often signalled the end of the evening. Sarssen wasn't surprised when he saw Bethel's head come up at the sound of the music: what startled him was the look in the big eyes. There were no tears. The boy no longer reacted to the warlord's attentions. He wondered why.
Then, as deep voices joined the musicians, Sarssen saw, for the first time, that Bethel's lips moved. The boy sang. Sarssen watched him closely. The big eyes opened wider. Bethel clasped his hands in front of him, his bracelets fell to his wrists, and then, as the boy threw back his head Sarssen saw the warlord's stiffening surprise as they all heard the soulful and inspired soprano descant that soared above the other voices. Sarssen's eyes widened appreciatively.
While the musicians played on, the bass and baritone voices faltered to a stop as first one warrior, and then another, turned his head to see where the boy was. Sarssen gave a grin. The boy didn't notice. The vivacity of his expression and the unholy intensity in the velvet eyes, suggested to the warrior the boy lived entirely for the music as well as within it. He seemed to transcend time and place and his voice had an ethereal quality that held the gathering spellbound. Bethel had a rare and beautiful talent.
Bethel stopped when the musicians did. Awareness returned to eyes from which the glow quickly faded. He stared apprehensively around. Not ungently, the warlord pulled the boy even closer and turned Bethel to face him. His hand transferred to Bethel's torc. The young head was forced up as boy's eyes met warlord's.
Sarssen couldn't hear what was said, but he watched the warlord give the boy a peremptory shake and cuff him hard when Bethel shook his head. The boy was swung round to face the warriors, Lodestok signalling at the same time to the musicians that they begin to play. Lodestok nodded sharply at Bethel.
Drawing in a deep breath and trembling a little, Bethel sang, this time without being accompanied by the warriors. As he listened, Sarssen wondered idly if the gods had both blessed and cursed this boy. His physical beauty had attracted a brutal man, yet his gentle nature may have saved him, as might his love of music.
From that evening, Bethel often sang, Lodestok watching him with surprising tolerance mixed with amusement. The boy always stood held close to the warlord, the pure notes pouring effortlessly from him, Bethel far distant as he sang and divorced from a reality that caused him distress.
In Lodestok's pavilion, Bethel sang entirely for him, not southern ballads that he'd picked up over the preceding seasons but all he'd been taught in Ortok at the Academy. It was the only time he spoke Samar. The warlord lounged back in his chair, goblet in hand, and instructed Bethel to stand a foot or so in front of him. It was then Bethel forgot where he was. He stood as he'd been taught, hands clasped behind his back, feet apart, head up and his concentration on his music. Thus he sang for his master.
Sarssen realised singing made life easier for this highly sensitive and gifted boy. Though it didn't alter his life in any specific way, the moments when Bethel was lifted beyond his immediate present helped him through what followed. Sarssen wondered a little sadly how Bethel would cope, if he still lived, when his voice broke in the next cycle or two and found himself hoping the boy's development wasn't rapid for the child's sake because Bethel needed his music.
Not, Sarssen reflected, as he watched the boy learn to wield an axe and avoid swinging swipes, that there was any guarantee Bethel would live to reach maturity. The warlord was a capricious man of irrational whims. Should his interest in Bethel wane, the boy's life would come to an abrupt and painful end.
It was from this time, also, that the warrior bard, Gariok, began to take notice of the warlord's boy, his calculating eyes intently watchful when Bethel sang. One evening as they gathered about the fire, Gariok suggested to Lodestok the boy be taught southern music and traditional sagas as an apprentice bard. Amused, Lodestok looked down at the boy at his feet. He nudged him with a booted foot.
"What say you, boy?" he asked, an eyebrow raised enquiringly.
Bethel had seen how Gariok trained his bards and was deeply scared of the huge warrior who stood staring down at him with a thoughtful expression in his eyes. Bethel's eyes flickered to the whip carelessly tucked into the bard's broad belt. He gave a shiver.
"If it pleases you, my lord," he responded docilely. Lodestok's eyes glinted as he made the boy look up, as usual by pulling him by the hair.
"It will be so. You will go to Gariok from tomorrow."
"Yes, my lord," whispered Bethel. He blinked very hard. Lodestok let the boy's head fall.
"He will come to you before he goes to Lotos, Gariok. Ensure he learns thoroughly. He knows what to expect if he does not, do you not, boy?" A careless finger flicked at the dark curls. Bethel was thankful it was a rhetorical question as the quiet voice continued. "Do not spare him. I do not," advised the warlord with a laugh, nodding dismissal at the bard.
Bethel hunched himself at the warlord's feet, dread of the morrow making him wish he'd not been born at all. His first lesson with Gariok confirmed him in his fear of the man. Bethel knew intuitively the bard was very gifted, but the man also had a vile temper that he wasn't averse to taking out on anyone unlucky enough to be near him.
He took Bethel's training seriously. Bethel began to take up an increasing amount of the warbard's time as Gariok came to realise just how deeply talented the boy was, his methods ruthless and often painful. Bethel recited, his eyes on a whiplash restlessly pulled through fingers, acutely aware those fingers could both make beautiful music as well as very thoroughly thrash a boy. Bethel came to dread his hours with Gariok as much as he did his time with his master. But Bethel learned and very quickly. Gariok had never had such a gifted apprentice. He pushed the boy very hard, his encouragement never expressed directly, but Sarssen saw how the bard sometimes coldly smiled over at Bethel when the boy wasn’t looking.
The days sped by Bethel, each one fuller than the preceding one. The boy was so busy Sarssen would often find Bethel in his pavilion, if the child ever had a moment of rest, the boy curled up on a mat in an attitude of utter exhaustion. With sympathetic understanding, the warrior very gently lifted and placed the child on his bed, a wry smile on his lips as he covered the boy with furs.
Even in exhaustion, Sarssen noticed Bethel never moved from his slave status. He curled up on the ground. It made the warrior sad. He thought, again, about Bethel’s reaction to his slavery and his apparent sublimation of self, as if Bethel had closed off a great deal of what he inherently was. These respites of deep sleep were what allowed Bethel to function, Sarssen also noticing the boy always woke when he should and was invariably gone when the warrior returned to his pavilion.
~~~
Spring came and passed to summer with all its dryness and unrelenting heat. It was during the first days of summer that an episode showed Bethel his master in a light that terrified him. An attack from the forest, from the north, penetrated to within a few feet of the warlord's pavilion. It was unexpected and probably a foolhardy attack. Bethel, bare foot and clad only in breeches, was paring Lodestok's toenails so the kick he got flung him backwards, saw him collapse winded, then stagger to his feet, his chains, not yet removed by the warlord, hampering him.
Half-naked, the warlord stormed from the pavilion, a snatched up knife at the ready as he charged, his voice shouting enraged commands as he strode forth. Bethel got his balance. He tentatively moved to the entrance, only to find himself suddenly grasped by the torc from behind by someone who entered the pavilion by crawling under it. The grip considerably hurt him. It tightened. At the same moment, he was confronted by a man at the pavilion entrance. The man spoke urgently and compassionately, in a language Bethel understood.
"Are you a slave, lad?" Bethel nodded. "Can you come to me?"
In answer Bethel felt the hand at his torc tighten and he gave a choked cry, shook his head, but tried to take a step to the man who held out his hand, the boy’s stretched out to meet it. Then Bethel was jerked back so fiercely he gasped, hands imploringly tearing at the one at his torc. The man at the entrance eyed Bethel sadly.
"I'm sorry, lad," he murmured, biting his lip. "I'd fight for you if I could." He turned his head and listened. "I can't stay. Try to reach me, lad."
Bethel tried to move, but was so firmly clamped he couldn't. The man precipitately disappeared. The warrior who held Bethel shook him in midair and snarled.
"You would have gone to him, boy!" he growled.
He was dropped. The hand dealt him buffeting blows that had him cower to the ground, his hands typically up to ward off further blows, before he felt himself ruthlessly dragged to the base of the bed where he was very roughly chained. Another series of cuffs saw him cringe again, his legs unable to hold him. When they sagged, he sank to the ground, his head clasped in his hands, the brief glimpse of freedom too much. He wept.
He only looked up when he heard Lodestok stalk into the pavilion an hour later, but the marrow nearly froze in his bones at the sight of the warlord's expression. Never had Bethel seen Lodestok so blazingly and uncontrollably angry. When he was unchained, then picked up and flung purposefully, every part of the boy protested. The warlord may have been unable to visit reprisal on the invaders but he could vent the violence of his ungovernable fury and frustration on his slave.
In the morning, Sarssen eyed the blanched face and shivering limbs of the child who staggered towards him, unable to speak or eat, and didn’t let the child do any training. Instead he lifted the boy and gently took him to a healer. Even warriors, sighting the boy, had recollections of a young Sarssen after one of the warlord’s uncontrollable furies. Bethel’s big black eyes told their own tale. It was Bethel's first experience of a master in the demon's temper.
Bethel was nearly twelve cycles when Lodestok decided to break camp, leaving Ortok a fortified garrison with an Ortokian commander, called Lban, who had overlordship, for Lodestok, of all Samar. The warlord intended to move slowly north, his eyes set on further conquest at the northern reaches of Samar. Bethel, of course, was to go with him.
The boy accepted then that his life was now set as the warlord dictated. He'd often walk to the camp perimeter to stare at what was once his home, his thoughts full of a family he assumed were dead, or else, like himself, enslaved. He thought wistfully, too, of the scholar and sadly of his mother. On their last morning in camp, the boy gave a last, long, lingering look at Ortok and Blenharm forest, before he turned resolutely away.
When the army moved and passed close to the city, Bethel found he couldn't look at the ruins of a place where he'd known so much love and peace. It contrasted too sharply with enslavement and the loss of his family. As he rode beside his master wearing chains and a torc, he averted his eyes, the expression on the beautiful face resigned and subdued. The purple eyes were bleak.


CHAPTER THIRTY

The first few weeks of her flight were a hard lesson for Myme Chlo. Though she didn't endure the physical agonies of her brothers she suffered in other ways. Where her brothers were preoccupied with an instinct to survive, the little girl had more time to let a vivid imagination work.
The amiable scholar who'd always been a part of her life had changed and wasn't approachable as he'd been in Ortok, now less communicative and certainly not prepared to laugh in the lazy way to which she'd become accustomed. He walked for miles in abstracted silence and though Myme Chlo trusted him implicitly, she felt she travelled with a stranger. She thought, sometimes, that he didn't notice her at all.
She timidly asked about her mother and received the brutal truth that both Melas and Bruno were dead. Autoc didn't elaborate, but neither did he think it was kind to raise false hopes and he admitted, with a grim twist to his lips, that her brothers were either enslaved or dead. Myme Chlo came to a halt. The eyes staring up at the scholar were wide and imploring, but he only shook his head and put a gentle hand on a head that precipitately drooped.
"I'm very deeply saddened, child," the scholar murmured.
That was all he'd say. The little girl saw profound grief in the scholar's blue eyes and knew he spoke the truth. Over those weeks Myme Chlo wept herself to sleep, night after night, while she struggled to come to terms with the violence that tore her life apart. She suffered physical exhaustion too, because Autoc's pace was fast. He had very long legs and boundless energy, so it was an effort for a little girl to keep up with him, so much so that when they stopped to eat she'd sink to the ground, legs trembling and aching with fatigue. She was often too tired to eat, willingly obeying the scholar by remaining where she was when he went off to hunt.
She thought he was a most efficient hunter, because he was never gone very long and would walk into whatever glade they were in with either an onton bird, or a small forest creature she knew as a kitter, dangling from one hand. She'd watch him prepare a meal, her yawns getting steadily deeper until her eyes closed and she'd be sound asleep. She never saw the understanding smile that touched the scholar's face when he glanced her way. She'd wake to his touch, eat, and then it took a real physical effort for her to clamber back to aching feet to begin another long arduous walk. During those early days Myme Chlo felt and saw little.
The scholar saw far more than Myme Chlo realised. He frequently looked down at the determined little figure that trudged beside him with her head down, and when he did it was with a sad smile. He never, though, let Myme Chlo know he saw her tears and distress, nor did he comment on her problems keeping up with him, merely setting a pace he felt she could cope with but that kept them moving ahead of anyone from Ortok.
The scholar let the little girl keep her pride intact, well aware that, apart from himself, she'd lost everything else that made up her life. He sensibly let her come to terms with her new circumstances in her own way which may have seemed hard to Myme Chlo and the scholar wondered sometimes if he did right. It worked. The scholar was correct in thinking that cuddling and caressing the child wouldn't help her.
Three weeks after they fled Ortok, Myme Chlo began to respond, her despondent expression lightened and the little head came erect. The footsteps weren't as leaden. This evening, she even smiled for the first time. They were camped by a river. The scholar stripped off and lounged in the swirling eddies near the edge from where he encouraged Myme Chlo to join him. She was, just then, carefully walking across the stones to grasp his outstretched hand. The stones were hot. That made the girl move as fast as she could, miss her footing, and, slithering haphazardly, she fell into the waiting arms. A giggle escaped her. She wriggled away before the scholar could tickle her, cleaned herself and washed her hair.
Slippery, she clambered up the slope and sat shaking her head to get the worst of the wetness from her hair. She sat dripping. She stared across at the scholar who enjoyed himself enormously and it was then Myme Chlo saw the scholar she'd known in Ortok. It was too much. A tear crept down her face. She deliberately looked away, lay back on warm baked stones near the water's edge that were pleasant to rest on, rolled onto her stomach and lay with her head in her arms. Warm, she drifted asleep.
Autoc splashed his way to shore, their sodden garments draped over one arm, paused, looked down at the sprawled figure, then went back to the camp and spread out the clothes to dry. He laid out clean garments for Myme Chlo next to a very small fire he'd built, even though the weather was so hot they only needed heat for cooking. The scholar was already letting this fire burn down because, after their two day rest, they'd move again at dawn.
Whilst Myme Chlo slept in the last of the sun, the scholar dressed and then calmly set about packing provisions - dried meat, tubers he'd shown Myme Chlo were edible, and other roots and herbs that he'd earlier sent the child out to collect. He walked back to the river to fill skins and on his way back to camp gently prodded the prone figure with a booted foot.
"Myme Chlo," he said, nudging her again.
She rolled over, opening large violet eyes that smiled straight up into the scholar's. Involuntarily he responded by holding a hand to her and helping her to her feet. She was unbalanced so he steadied her, took her other hand and guided her across the stones.
"Go on ahead, child," he advised. "You'll find clothes by the fire."
Myme Chlo scampered at a run, her dry curls feathered all over her head and bounced as she went. The scholar walked at a leisurely pace, arriving at the fireside to find Myme Chlo dressed and pulling in and buckling her belt, her hand caressing it. The scholar knew she thought of Bethel every time she dressed. He quietly waited for the day she outgrew clothes that clearly haunted her.
He crossed behind her. He squatted down beside the fire, absently stirred a small pot that held a bubbling stoup, scooped some of it onto a plate and passed it across to Myme Chlo who'd just finished hauling on boots. She sighed and sat cross-legged, but ate with more enthusiasm than she'd shown since their travels began.
"Hungry, little one?" the scholar enquired, serving himself.
He stretched out against a trunk and nodded at the pot. Replete, Myme Chlo went over to the scholar and crouched down beside him, waiting for him to put out an arm. He drew her in close so she could rest her head on his chest, in the way she’d done since she was a very small child. Myme Chlo was quiet for a long time. The scholar merely looked enigmatically at the dark, fluffy head, content to wait for her to speak. It was the girl who broke the silence.
"You've been very patient with me, Scholar, haven't you?" Autoc looked down with a smile.
"I've been very hard on you, little one. It's no easy thing to find your life ripped apart as yours has been."
"I find it easier now."
"Yes, child. You're doing very well."
"When I'm taller, it'll be easier keeping up with you."
Myme Chlo smiled wistfully up at her mentor, though the scholar saw the melancholy behind the smile. It was a sombre little face that he stared at so thoughtfully, but he responded to the smile, aware it was only the second time she’d smiled in weeks. They both relaxed.
Then the scholar sensed a body of horse approaching, and, as he usually did, he abruptly grasped Myme Chlo's wrist and yanked her roughly into the undergrowth by the side of the trail. The command for silence that came into her mind was peremptory. She crouched uncomfortably. Her heart raced with anxiety. The scholar was motionless.
A group of eight riders came slowly into view. Even though the scholar now knew they were Dahkilan, he still pushed Myme Chlo's head hard down so she could see nothing and all she heard was the sound of voices and hooves and the occasional jangle of metal as the riders faded into the distance. The pressure on her shoulders eased and she was allowed to get up and stretch. Her left foot had gone to sleep and she had cramp in her left arm so she quickly flexed them both, wincing a little. She watched the scholar rise and brush himself down.
"That was rather close, child, wasn't it?"
"Would they have hurt us, Scholar?"
"Who knows," was the non-committal answer. "We won't bother to ask them, shall we?"
"No," was the forlorn reply.
This incident was repeated so many times Myme Chlo rapidly became disoriented, lost her sense of direction within a few days and never got it back. The scholar veered left or right without explanation, so she simply obediently followed wherever he led. Only once they passed near a quickly assembled camp, people coming and going all round them. The scholar got very edgy and totally uncommunicative whilst they skirted the camp as best they could, while for Myme Chlo it was an unwelcome and brutal introduction to the result of the sack of her home city-state.
They saw many rows of pallets with the wounded who waited for attention, and passed pairs of refugees, or larger groups of walking wounded and shocked, dazed escapers from Ortok. Myme Chlo was drawn towards them, but a firm grasp on her hand and a very stern negative in her mind made her hesitate and kept her away. She and the scholar often recognised faces that passed close to them. The little girl looked long at the suffering expressions and though it repeatedly brought home to her what she'd been rescued from, it also renewed distraught grief for her brothers and mother. She wondered often about Lian, but never thought to ask after him. The young face looked tense.
They heard comments, too, and drifts of conversation. They listened to scraps about the invasion and the vicious crushing of Ortok, along with tales of atrocities, and while the scholar tried to block as much as he could from Myme Chlo he could see from her face that she heard enough to have a reasonable understanding of what happened to her home.
Myme Chlo heard of a warlord who was a brute, that he liked pretty boys and abused them. Some died. She thought of Bethel and felt sick. She heard about enslavement, too. It terrified her for her other brothers, and always she'd try to persuade the scholar that they should join up with the refugees.
His answer to her pleas never varied and as the weeks passed and they saw fewer refugees, Myme Chlo stopped asking. The scholar didn't relax his vigilance for a moment though he seemed more at ease with fewer people around and even drew out his pipe which was something Myme Chlo hadn't seen him do since Ortok.
The trip through the huge forest continued to be an erratic affair. The scholar and Myme Chlo headed north, but increasingly westward towards Sindabar, while the refugees mostly veered due north. There were still patrols they had to avoid, but these became less frequent the further west they went.
Sindabar was a poor province of disparate small cities that vied for supremacy but were uniformly fairly impoverished, and they bordered southern lands conquered by the Churchik. They were bounded, in the north, by desert. This desert was inhabited by the Wildwind tribes. It was a risk the scholar had to take, because he couldn't go directly north where the child in his care could be vulnerable to southern men. He recognised the patrols were mostly from those escaping from the south, but he refused to let Myme Chlo near them.
They sat under a tree one evening, eating a late meal. The scholar had made Myme Chlo cook and set camp while he hunted, so they'd not rested very long.
"I think, little one, you should call me Autoc." The scholar chewed meditatively as he spoke.
"Is that your real name?" Myme Chlo asked, tilting her head so that she could glance up at him.
"Aye, little one, it is."
"Where are you from?" Autoc's blue eyes met her violet ones and he smiled.
"And you, child," he answered, ignoring her question, "will be known as Chlorien." Myme Chlo wrinkled her nose.
"Why?" she demanded. "I'm Myme Chlo."
"You must start thinking and acting as a boy, child. It's not going to be enough that you're dressed as one. I'll treat you as a boy from now on."
"But why the name Chlorien?"
"It's near your own name for you to answer to it without hesitation." Myme Chlo had finished eating and now busily drew in the dirt with a stick. "Isn't that so, Chlorien?" Myme Chlo looked up, took a deep breath and met the serious look.
"Yes, Autoc," she answered quaveringly.
She got a gentle smile and didn't move when the scholar came to her to put his arm round her shoulder. She again rested her cropped head on his chest in a gesture that had become her trait.
"Chlorien, I'm sorry if I seem rough with you. It's not that I don't care deeply. I do, you know that, don't you?"
"Yes," she murmured, her eyes closing.
"It's just the times we live in, little one. I can trust no one."
Autoc looked down to see tears slide down Myme Chlo's face and instinctively cradled her protectively, one hand quietly wiping away the tears. The scholar's heart ached for what he saw as this child's future.
~~~
At the time Sarehl became reconciled with Daxel and Bethel was being introduced to Churchik life as brutally as Luton struggled to survive and cope with daily life on a slave train, Myme Chlo became a boy. With her talent she could become what she wished, because she could now translate with careful thought and relative ease. Being a boy was no hardship for her.
Chlorien learned many skills, both mental and physical. She stalked prey and caught it, learned what was edible in the forest and what wasn't, knew how to skin an animal and dressed anything she caught and cooked it herself. The lessons of survival were not easy ones, but Chlorien adapted easily because she was young and it was necessary for her to do so. The scholar did indeed treat her as a boy and in time she responded as one. She became tougher too and very fit. The scholar taught her rudimentary self-defence as well as survival skills, and Chlorien could now use a knife.
She opened her eyes wide one morning when the scholar entered the clearing leading two horses, both of them saddled and provisioned.
"Where are they from?" she asked, staring at the animals as if she thought they might disappear.
"Ask no questions, child," was the affable response. "Such a rogue as I'm becoming."
"Did you steal them?"
"Now what sort of question is that?"
Chlorien had never ridden a horse and though she'd grown over the last season, this one was far too large for her. She was told, despite the horse’s size, she’d have to learn to ride and very fast, the scholar merely smiling at her indignant expression.
For the first few days the scholar led her horse, then he gave her sharp and instructive lessons. When she fell from the horse she sat on the ground, bruised and outraged, and, if the scholar laughed down at her, as he was wont to do, she glared up at him. The days passed, Myme Chlo grew very rapidly and she learned to ride. The pace of their travel quickened.
Seasons after leaving Ortok, the two fugitives were well west and riding hard, Chlorien completely at ease on her large horse. The scholar began to teach her again too; there may have been no desk or chair but Chlorien learned you could absorb information anywhere.
Autoc insisted she continue with her newly acquired skill of translating, telling Chlorien that it had to be instinctive, not a practised routine. He'd be with her one minute as she slipped uncertainly into a form he first encouraged her to assume, then she knew he flew above her in lazy spirals, his mind in hers encouraging her to join him. Tempted and yearning she finally did, though her first flights were frightening and uncomfortable and she made several crash landings that hurt. The scholar never did, or said, anything.
"Do you think you'll sit and watch me kill myself?" she stormed at him, after one abortive and singularly painful flight. Hearing the deep chuckle, she stared crossly up into the delighted face above her.
"No, I'll not sit and watch you kill yourself, child. Get up and try again." Chlorien ground her teeth.
Chlorien learned to enhance and project images, something that fascinated her for days on end. She realised she could shape and mould the forces that surrounded her by learning to tap the energy that coursed through the ground beneath her. Autoc didn't need to tell her the forest was a source of power, as was all space around her, because as her senses became attuned to the Ambros around her, she knew that for herself. She opened her awareness to nature and absorbed its flow back into her.
Her mind, ever curious and insatiable, never stopped, questions tumbled from her lips and her eyes were bright and alert. She perfected her conjuring and entertained the scholar with her projections. Encouraged by him to greater efforts, she sent Autoc into fits of laughter.
She learned to scry and to follow the lines of the aethyr, the latter a skill she knew it would take her many, many cycles to master. Autoc never let her travel alone. His discipline was inflexible and his control absolute. He kept her to one set of faint lines that she could dimly see, and she accepted, without question, that should she stray from them she'd destroy herself. She never questioned anything the scholar told her to do in their work together.
This night as she lay back against Autoc's chest, she was restless in a way that made the scholar stroke her hair in a calming gesture. She sighed.
"Are you a mage, Autoc?" came out very quietly. Chlorien was nearly eleven cycles, but the scholar knew in many ways she was much older than her Ambros cycles.
"Yes," he said very softly, "I am."
"Am I then an apprentice?"
"I guess you could be called that, though you're very young to be so, nor have you been chosen to be one."
"Do you call me that?"
"No, little one, I call you Chlorien."
"You were sent to us, weren't you?"
"If you say so, child."
"Who sent you?"
"Ah," sighed the scholar. "So many questions."
"Tell me," insisted Chlorien.
"No, little one, I won't. Be content that you know I'm a mage."
"But not from here."
"No, not from central Ambros."
"You don't look as they say southerners do."
"No," agreed Autoc imperturbably.
"So where are you from?"
"Shall I put you to sleep, child?" Chlorien tilted her head back challengingly.
"Could you?" Autoc began to laugh very softly.
"Oh yes, child, very easily."
Chlorien smiled up at him affectionately, saying, "I'm glad it was you who came to us."
"So am I," replied Autoc gently, his hand brushing her brow.
He watched as the head drooped, laid his pipe on the ground, and carefully lifted the slight figure into his arms. He laid the girl in a nest of ferns and pulled skins over her, then stood frowning down at her before he strolled back to where he'd been sitting. He pensively picked up his pipe and puffed steadily, reflecting that it was difficult at times trying to separate the child from the more developed mind that inhabited the child's body. Autoc closed his eyes and leaned back against a tree.


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

As weeks passed and autumn became increasingly colder, the scholar taught Chlorien how to see beyond normal sight. She learned to truly look for the first time, and though it was only a beginning and she had a long way to go before she would control such a skill, it helped pass the time and it entertained her. She invited the scholar to join her as she practised but he only smiled across at her, shaking his head.
It was during these days that the scholar heard Chlorien hum to herself and occasionally break into a tuneful melody. At first she stopped, the small voice choked with emotion because she unwittingly sang a piece she associated with Bethel, but soon she defiantly threw back her head and sang in memory of a brother she loved.
With winter came bitter cold. Chlorien and Autoc were forced sometimes to shelter in small villages, sometimes quartering overnight in a Sindabaran town so they could replenish supplies before moving on. Their progress was slowed over those long weeks, but Chlorien noticed the scholar didn't seem unduly perturbed.
It was in late winter that the scholar urged the horses on. This acceleration in pace troubled Chlorien, because she sensed the scholar felt pursued. She shivered, looked back over her shoulder, her mind uneasy, and finally turned to the scholar with her large eyes wide and her hands sweating a little.
"Autoc," she asked in a small voice. "Are we being chased?" His answer gave her pause.
"Oh yes, little one, all the time - but not necessarily in the way you might expect."
"Is there no-one actually chasing us then?"
"Is that what you sense?" Chlorien considered for a moment, an anxious look in her eyes.
"Yes," she responded positively.
"I see."
Autoc looked thoughtfully at the slim boy who stared up at him. He'd been aware of pursuit for some time, but was as yet unalarmed by those who dogged their every step. He knew the pursuers drew closer and was keen to see exactly who they were, so he could gauge the degree of menace from them. He had an uncomfortable suspicion who they might be, but he wanted his fears confirmed.
"Do you know who they are, child?"
"So I am right," Chlorien murmured with satisfaction. "No, I don't know who they are, though I know they seek a little girl."
"Myme Chlo by any chance, child?"
"Yes," whispered Chlorien.
"But they don't seek a lad with his father, do they, boy?" Chlorien suddenly gave a broad grin as she looked up at Autoc.
"Is that what you are then?"
"Yes, child. I could easily pass as your father, though your hair is very much darker than mine. A blue-eyed man could have a son with violet eyes."
"Shall I get used to calling you Father, Autoc?" The scholar's look down at her was grave. The girl saw the seriousness in Autoc's eyes.
"Yes, lad," he said gently. "I think you should."
As the days went steadily by, Chlorien learned to think of the scholar as her father. It got easier and easier until by very early spring she began to think Autoc was who he said he was. She called him Father and responded to him as that without hesitation. He was no longer Scholar, nor was he Autoc.
Autoc didn't slacken their pace. The twosome still travelled across the boundary that separated northwest Samar from Sindabar. By the fourth week of spring, they drew rapidly closer to the south of the last Samar city-state of Lenten, but the scholar skirted it because it lay directly in the line of the southern army. Autoc was convinced the warlord would’ve begun moving towards it by now. He assumed, correctly, that Lodestok's army would have to travel the perimeter of the huge forest and that it would take them a very long time.
The scholar deliberately pushed all but Chlorien from his mind, knowing, with considerable distress, he couldn't afford the luxury of worrying about her siblings. If he let himself be distracted, then the consequences for Chlorien could be devastating. The scholar's one objective, and this had been made clear to him Ambros cycles ago, was to get Myme Chlo to sanctuary at the appropriate time, untouched by those who most wanted her.
Sometimes the scholar felt apprehension shake him when he allowed himself to think of what could be done to her, and though he taught her as fast as he dared, it was mainly for her protection. To reduce her vulnerability, she had to learn, but the more she learned the more valuable and useful she became. The scholar felt like swearing when he thought of the situation the child was in. She became more endangered every day.
Autoc watched her carefully, making sure his imperceptible enhancements of her as a boy worked. He even made her eye colour reflect a bluish hue. He'd ceased to think of her as a girl. He used dyes from plants to darken his hair so he more closely resembled Chlorien, the very light tawny gold gone, so the scholar looked quite different with his long locks dark, wet-mud brown. Chlorien teased him but he just grinned amiably, a hand to his head in a rueful gesture. He believed a tall boy could well be the son of a man as tall as himself.
Beside him, the scholar saw a slight boy, finely built and now noticeably taller, with cropped black curls and large expressive eyes. She didn't know it, but Chlorien looked very like Bethel, almost a twin, thought Autoc with a wrench. She was every bit as pretty, but there was a stubborn jut to her chin and more determination in the expression than was ever seen in the beautiful dreamy musician.
Autoc noticed she was in the throes of another growth spurt and had almost outgrown her brother's clothes. When the scholar gave her new garments he'd bought at a town only days before, he noticed she took them, put them on, and then buried all Bethel's clothing, except his belt, in a deep hole at the base of a huge ommentadi tree. She placed several heavy stones as a marker before turning away, tears streaming down her face. She never spoke a word to the scholar. She just buckled on Bethel's belt before throwing on her cloak and mounting her horse. She didn't look back.
Chlorien was eleven cycles. Bethel, aged twelve cycles, was riding north of Ortok beside his warlord master. The girl, with her mind full of her brother, and the boy's thoughts centred wistfully and sadly on a family he assumed was dead, both moved resignedly on.
~~~
By summer, Chlorien and the scholar had well and truly left the forest behind them and were west of Lenten. They’d left what was once the Samar Confederation and were now in the province of Sindabar, moving northwest towards the coast. The weather was mostly pleasant. Chlorien, having admitted she'd forgotten anything about Sindabar, was receiving geography instruction from the scholar. He watched her in amusement as she wrinkled her nose in an effort at memory, finally saying to him in frustration,
"How many tribes did you say inhabit the northern reaches, Father?"
Autoc went to answer, then stopped, a frown hitching his eyebrows. He sat his horse, very still, his eyes scanning the horizon.
"Chlorien," he sent very softly. The mind call alerted her. Her eyes looked up and across into his.
"Father," she sent in response.
"Two men approach at speed. They're those who seek you. They'll be on us within twenty minutes or so. Close your mind, little one. Now!"
They rode on mostly in silence, Chlorien not wanting to join any desultory conversation. She heard the riders at the same moment the scholar did.
"Nothing untoward, child," Autoc sent. "We're having an enjoyable lesson, aren't we?"
Chlorien didn't turn as she had the urge to do, but allowed the scholar to carry on with his discussion of geography as if nothing was happening. She only briefly sensed the scholar in her mind. Then she was unaware of his being there at all. Autoc withdrew, satisfied none could touch the child's mind other than another mage.
The scholar gestured in the throes of an elaborate explanation and his hands waved in exaggerated gesticulations, which, in different circumstances would have made Chlorien laugh. The horsemen drew up to the scholar's right. Chlorien took her cue from him. He glanced up enquiringly and she slewed in the saddle, both of them looking over to the two men who sat, stilling their fidgety mounts.
"Morrow to you both," said one of the two, smiling in a cold detached way that made Chlorien give a shiver - his eyes, reminiscent of dead fish, stared interestedly from one to the other.
"And to you," responded the scholar amiably. Chlorien correctly kept her head respectfully lowered.
"Where are you bound and do you travel alone, may we ask?" queried the same man, his voice harsh and southern guttural.
"Likewise yourselves," replied the scholar politely. He saw a shadow cross the man's features but ignored it, merely turning his horse so that he faced the men directly. Quietly, Chlorien turned her horse as well.
"We seek a young girl," said the spokesman, his eyes flickering to Chlorien. "She'd be about the lad's age, perhaps a little older and dark-haired too." The speaker was thoughtful, his eyes dwelling on Chlorien. "Darker than the lad, as I recall," he added. "Have you come across a young one of that description?" Autoc mused briefly.
"A girl?" He shook his head and turned to Chlorien. "Have you seen one, lad?" He grinned over her head at the men when she shook her head. "Not but what you'd notice at your age, lad, would you?" He winked at the riders. "Too young yet," he suggested to them. "He needs a cycle or three to be interested in girls." The two riders reluctantly smiled at that and spurred their horses closer.
"Are you stopping, by any chance?" asked the spokesman. "We've been riding alone for a long time and would appreciate company, especially to travel with. You and the boy been far, have you?"
"My son and I are on our way home. We did business in Lenten in Samar a-whiles back."
"Ah," murmured the speaker. He watched as Autoc dismounted and signalled to Chlorien that she do likewise. When she did, the scholar handed her his reins.
"Water them properly, lad, and brush them down. You can give them feed when you've done that."
Chlorien murmured assent and quietly led the horses down to the river they travelled alongside. It was a small and sluggish river, that came south from the Cartokian mountains. From what started up there in northern Ambros as a huge, broad river, ended further south in Sindabar as a mud flat.
She crouched down on the shingle at the edge to let the horses drink their fill and, since she'd sensibly brought their water skins at the same time, she filled those too. She took the reins again, leading the horses back to where the scholar dismounted. Casually he looked up and indicated, with an offhand wave of his hand, that she was to tether the horses to a small rather scrubby group of trees a short distance beyond him where she noticed they'd be well away from the mounts of their two visitors.
The scholar had already set camp. A fire blazed even though it was very hot. He looked indifferently at Chlorien as she returned, so she took the hint, not speaking while she searched through the saddlebags for the horse brush and a cloth, then, when she found them, she went straight back to the horses.
The two strangers were hunkered down in front of the blaze as though they were cold. That interested Autoc. So these were southern men from somewhere very warm, were they? It fitted with what the scholar already suspected. Though he smiled affably enough, his eyes were stony hard. It may have been cloudy with a brisk wind blowing, but the air was mild and balmy.
Autoc pretended not to notice the men and because they sensed no alarm or curiosity from him, they relaxed. This gave Autoc an excellent opportunity to study them. He disliked what he saw. The speaker was tall and thin with a face that looked as if it'd been squashed inwards, the eyes set very close together almost at the bridge of a pointed nose. The gap between nose and lips was deep and the mouth was a thin line. The scholar could discern little colour in eyes that looked hollow, cold and hard as ebonite. They were emotionless. The man's hair was wispy and hung to his shoulders in lank strands. He was quite unprepossessing.
The second man was short and squat, his fat gut bulging through his shirt. He had a fringe of yellowish hair that surrounded a bald and shiny pate, large protruding ears and a sweaty pasty countenance. The yellow-tinged eyes darted restlessly. The mouth was full and self-indulgent, the pudgy hands were never still, his clothes were covered with food stains and he smelled as much, if not more, than the speaker. Both had some blackened teeth and their breaths stank.
Autoc surveyed them calmly while he put on water to boil, his apparent lack of concern showing in everything he did. Chlorien followed his example. She collected feed for the horses and ignored the men as she trudged off yet again. When she returned, she spoke quietly to the scholar who nodded.
"Go and sit and pour that water over the taksh for our visitors, lad." The scholar’s voice was expressionless.
Chlorien sat opposite the men and obeyed the scholar, stirring in meme, a root sweetener she'd earlier watched Autoc distil. She lifted two mugs and held them out to the men, pretending not to notice the sharp look she got from each of them. Autoc came to the fire with generous slices of loaf that he handed round.
"Now," he said amiably, as he lounged down by the fire, but not too close, and his eyes lazily watched the flames. "I'm Schol and this is my lad Lorien. Who are you then?"
Chlorien didn’t even blink at her name change. The two men glanced at each other and the fat one shrugged.
"I," he said, in an oddly light voice, "am Ohb and my travelling companion is Queeb." Autoc lifted his head to study them casually.
"How long have you been travelling?"
"Oh, a long time," Ohb said vaguely, waving his pudgy hands about. He dribbled, Chlorien noticed, when he ate.
"Are you from the south then? Your accent suggests that's so."
"Yes," answered Queeb, glaring at Ohb whose face twitched.
"Ah," mumbled Autoc. "So you're not that far ahead of your compatriots." The two men looked at each other again.
"What?" asked Ohb in a confused voice.
"The southern army," explained the scholar innocently, opening his eyes very wide.
"Oh them," chuckled Queeb. "We're not with them."
"Ah," murmured Autoc, biting into a generous slice of loaf. He looked at Chlorien. "Come along boy, eat." He looked then at the two men. "Boys! They stay thin for so long and this one has much growing left to do if he is going to be my height. I do feed him, I assure you."
"He's a fine-looking lad, though," responded Queeb, his gaze settling on her. "Your only one, is he?" Autoc looked surprised, then he burst out laughing.
"Lorien? No, no, he's the middle one. I take this one with me because he's a willing enough lad and likes to travel, don't you, boy?"
"Aye, Father." Not knowing where to look, Chlorien ate her loaf.
"Not one for his books are you, lad?" teased the scholar, patting her shoulder. Chlorien shook her head. She promptly choked on a crumb.
"Where are you from, Schol?" asked Ohb, taking tentative sips of taksh.
"Here and there," answered the scholar, brightly and glibly. "Lots to sell and see in Sindabar and beyond. Guess it won't be that way in Samar anymore though, will it?"
"In what way?" demanded Queeb, his eyes predatory and his body tense.
"With the southern army," said Autoc ingenuously. Queeb and Ohb exchanged glances.
"Oh them, yes," replied Queeb dismissively. Queeb moved to look more closely at Chlorien. "How old are you, boy?" Chlorien stared up at the thin face and meeting the eyes full, she shrugged.
"Father?" she asked, turning to look at him. She caught the smile that briefly touched his eyes.
"Oh aye, boy, I forget." He thought for a moment. "You're all of nine cycles, lad, at least nine and not more, because your mam was with Rodu when you were five cycles. And Rodu's now, what, three, or is it four cycles?" Autoc looked blandly at the men, adding, "So the lad here must be all of nine cycles."
Queeb’s interest in Chlorien slightly abated and he shrugged as Chlorien had earlier. The conversation ranged over where they all hoped to travel and where the scholar and his son had roamed, Queeb especially interested in being told of the herbs, spices and medicinal remedies Schol claimed he traded. Then the scholar sensed a change in the men when he asked about the girl they sought.
"It seems odd, if you'll forgive my saying so," he said courteously, "that two older men should seek a young girl. How old is she?"
"She'd be over eleven cycles now," responded Ohb on a growl.
"Why do you seek her?"
"We seek her for one who's both a need and a use for her. She belongs to one in the south." Autoc raised his eyebrows.
"Has she escaped custody?"
"In a manner of speaking," spat Ohb. "Once we find her we'll teach her to mind how she goes with older men. We'll enjoy instructing her, in every possible way, won't we, Queeb?"
"Aye," snarled Queeb. "Taking her will be a pleasure."
Autoc helped himself to more taksh, his head bent, so the men didn't see the look on the mage's face. He took Chlorien's mug and refilled it, generously sweetening the taksh, before putting the mug into hands that started to tremble. The drink steadied her. Their visitors declined any further liquids. They sat morosely watching Chlorien and her father munch their way through loaf as if they were in no hurry at all; father and son gave the impression of not having a care in Ambros.
Chlorien threw herself onto her stomach and began to draw pictures on the ground. She seemed totally absorbed in what she was doing. Autoc lounged back on his elbows, his expression bland as he puffed contentedly at his pipe. The two men got increasingly uncomfortable and restless, finally suggesting that travel should be resumed. They asked if company was needed. Cocking an eyebrow at them, Autoc rolled onto his left elbow, his voice sounded amused and he didn’t answer directly.
"You ready to move on, are you? Where are you headed now?"
Ohb mumbled something incoherent and Queeb coughed as he got to his feet. He helped Ohb rise and dusted the fat fellow down, before he turned to glance at the somnolent scholar.
"Are you moving on, too?" he asked impatiently.
"No," answered Autoc, settling himself more comfortably. "Me and the lad'll probably stay on for a bit. It's pleasant and it's quiet." He gestured at the trees and the grass. The two men looked uncertain. Ohb appeared to be nonplussed.
"Well then," muttered Queeb, with his eyes half-shut. "We'll have to leave you."
"Aye," agreed the scholar equably. "It was a change meeting up with folks so out of the way." Queeb pushed a complaining Ohb in front of him.
"We'll meet again," he said, a menacing edge to his voice.
"Oh, I hope so," responded the scholar, closing his eyes. With eyes that were hard and forbidding, Queeb stared down at the boy lying flat on her stomach.
"Till next time, boy."
Chlorien glanced up, nodded and went back to her drawing. She and the scholar heard the two men argue vociferously and aggressively as they went across to their horses and mounted. Chlorien didn't look up until she heard hooves pound the turf. Autoc spoke quietly and quickly.
"Mind closed, child, send nothing," he warned as the dark head was raised. She obeyed and sank back onto the ground soundlessly. It was some minutes before the scholar touched her shoulder. "Still closed, lad," he cautioned, watching as Chlorien sat. "Gently, lad, gently. Come to me." Chlorien thankfully crawled into his lap. The scholar held and rocked her. "You're quite safe with me, lad." With one hand he took off her cap and ran his fingers through her hair. "Hush, child."
"They have power, haven't they?" Chlorien clung to him. "I felt it. The tall one knows something."
"Yes, little one, they have power," agreed Autoc. He glanced down at the dark head. "You did very well, child. I'm proud of you because that was no easy game to play. They didn't guess you weren't a boy, but they’re confused and suspicious." Chlorien hiccupped.
"You told such lies."
"It can be useful," he admitted, a twinkle in his eyes. "I'd no idea I was such an accomplished liar, or how enjoyable lying can be." He began to chuckle and that made Chlorien give a watery laugh. "It's better, child, that they ride in front of us rather than behind. I like to know where they are. That’s why I allowed them to approach." Chlorien didn't speak for a time but when she did it was in a small voice.
"They'd hurt me. Do you know who they are, Father?"
"I can hazard a very shrewd guess, little one." She noticed his voice was very harsh.
"Who are they?" Autoc put his finger to her lips and shook his head.
"Let's talk of something else."
To the scholar's surprise Chlorien acquiesced, merely snuggling in close. Autoc clasped both arms firmly round her, hearing as he did so the faint cross between a sigh and a whimper.


CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

Not only did the scholar avoid all people where possible, he only went towards habitation when it was unavoidable. Unless they needed to refurnish supplies, he ignored charming fishing villages and appealing hamlets where houses nestled invitingly. Since the main cities of Sindabar were away from the coast, Autoc followed the coastline.
He knew Queeb and Ohb headed west because he kept his mind attuned to their whereabouts, but fully expected that sooner or later they'd have another unavoidable meeting with the two men because they were suspicious. He inwardly sighed. Chlorien didn't speak of them again but the scholar knew she often thought of them, and he also sensed she was deeply and justifiably afraid. He reassured her, but found words didn't help. Finally, Autoc entered her mind while she was asleep, to ease her anxiety, and this seemed mostly to settle her though the scholar sometimes saw her stare into the distance, an uncertain expression on her face.
The route they followed was breathtakingly beautiful. They rode along cliff tops. They paused frequently to stare out at a sea that seemed to touch the sky on the horizon and watched the sea's moods when the weather changed, the deep blue changing to sullen, restless grey. The white-tipped waves crashed below and sent up spume.
When they travelled further, the land was barren and rugged with rocks and grassy scrub. It looked wild and barely touched by those who lived here. It was an untamed landscape. Its hostility suited Autoc's mood, Chlorien thought, as they rode past the outskirts of yet another fishing village, the scholar preoccupied and his gaze over the sea an abstracted one.
This late afternoon it was cold with a strong inshore wind buffeting the headland they were on. Autoc unexpectedly drew up his horse. His head turned from side to side as if he listened, then his eyes turned back to the sea that grew wilder as the day progressed. Though it was only early autumn, the sky was leaden and threatening and it made the scholar draw his cloak more securely around him. He stayed still. His horse stamped its feet and tossed its head. The wind strengthened too.
"Child," the scholar mindspoke Chlorien.
"Father," she responded immediately.
"We'll seek shelter, lad. There's a very nasty storm blowing in from the northwest." Chlorien gritted her teeth against a cold gust that almost tore her cloak away. She grasped at it, pulling it tightly about her. “Turn, Chlorien," she was instructed, "and follow closely."
The scholar spurred his horse from the headland as he spoke, his attention turned to a tiny village crouched in a cove some distance ahead and well below them. The way down was decidedly hazardous. The path was very narrow with stones and rocks that dislodged under the horses' hooves and made them nervous. It was also dangerously precipitous, both the scholar and Chlorien holding their mounts on tight reins as they went single file. The path wound tortuously. The sky darkened. It was a long descent that tried the patience of horses, and man and girl, alike.
Once they reached the bottom, they found the path levelled to an uneven sprinkling of pebbles over which they could walk the horses quite easily. The storm gathered momentum. When Chlorien and the scholar neared the village, large splats of icy rain caught them as they tried to hug the cliff face they rode under for shelter. Thunder rolled and growled and the sea roared and smashed angrily around the nearby rocks. The wind began to howl.
Chlorien's mount sidled and plunged, disturbed by the noise of the elements. Autoc sharply sent to her that she ride in as close to him as she could, and at the same time he edged her closer to the cliff face, catching at her reins as soon as he was near enough.
"Climb onto my horse," he ordered, in a voice sharpened by concern. "In front of me." She scrambled clear of her horse and managed to settle herself, though she shivered with the cold and the effort it’d taken to hold a horse by far too big and strong. "Courage, little one," came to her mind. "We're almost there."
Ten minutes later brought lights clearly into view and shortly afterwards, Chlorien and the scholar entered the village. Though it was only late afternoon the natural light was abnormally dim and all outside activity had ceased, assorted boats scattered along the shore and lying about randomly, as if they'd been hauled in at speed and then left. The quayside was deserted.
The village was a collection of cottages built of assorted materials that'd been available at the time. Many were stone. The village was quite haphazard in arrangement and could, the scholar thought, be charming in pleasanter weather. Some cottages even cheekily perched up the cliff face itself, but they looked perilous.
Autoc was concerned to get Chlorien under shelter, well aware now that the girl didn't cope especially well with the cold. He drew up at the nearest cottage and dismounted, pulled Chlorien down, drew her in close beside him and, holding the horses' reins in a firm grasp, leaned forward and rapped sharply on the door. To his surprise, it was opened immediately by a boy aged around four cycles who stood there staring up at the travellers in silence, his eyes round. The scholar frowned deeply. When the door blew back on its hinges, a woman's cross voice called out.
"Who is it?"
"Strangers," answered Autoc. "We seek shelter from the storm." The woman stalked to the door and pulled the little boy back.
"No strangers," she snapped, as she slammed the door and sent the bolt home.
Autoc stood pensively, Chlorien held close against his chest. He sighed. He was about to remount the horse when he heard a quiet voice behind him. He swung round.
"You may shelter with me."
Autoc looked down into the eyes of an elderly man and he smiled, extended his hand and said, the faintest quiver of a laugh in his voice, "We're grateful for your hospitality, Old One." The old man gave the flicker of a smile in response.
"Stable your horses in that old outhouse," he suggested, pointing to a small, indistinct building behind him. "My house is behind it. Come in when you're ready and eat with me."
Autoc looked down at Chlorien who shook with cold, damp and tiredness. He put a protective arm about her at the same time as he led the horses to shelter, Chlorien beyond being able to assist the scholar in caring for the horses. She leaned against a wall and stayed propped there, her cloak wound round her and her eyes closed. It was only when Autoc took her hand that she shivered deeply and moved with him out of the small building and towards another larger one, where lantern light shone in welcome.
The door stood open. It was a welcome relief from rain that was now a deluge, splashing up from the ground and coating their boots with mud. The scholar pushed Chlorien ahead of him and closed the door. Though the room they entered was crammed with furniture and odds and ends, it was homely, orderly and scrupulously clean. The old man was standing at a stove with his back to the door, but he turned and smiled calmly at his visitors.
"Strip off your wet things," he invited, "and settle by the fire."
Autoc placed two bundles on the floor near the fire before he pulled off his sodden cloak and removed Chlorien's. He noticed her lips were tinged blue. Her cheeks were white. Very gently he led her to the fire and pushed her down in front of it.
"All will be well, little one. We're quite safe," he sent. There was no response. The scholar began to strip off her sodden outer clothes, starting with her boots.
"There's a blanket warming near you that you can wrap the lad in," said the old man, busily stirring a pot.
Autoc stripped off the soaked shirt and quietly encased Chlorien in the blanket, instructing her to hold it round her. She nodded. Autoc tugged off his boots and took both pairs to the doorway, leaving them under the lee of the entrance to dry. Then he crossed to the stove.
"Can I help?" he asked courteously. The old man shook his head and pointed to a mug on the table.
"I must've known you were coming," he chuckled. "There's far too much saka for one. Also, I've a small amount of broth here that'll help warm the lad. Take him a mug of it - it should chase away the cold."
Autoc sniffed appreciatively at both the saka and the broth, before he crossed the room and held the mug down to Chlorien. She was still hunched and shaking, but gratefully took the mug and curled her fingers round it for heat.
"Drink it, lad, it'll help." Her eyes watered as she sipped.
"Nothing much of you, is there?" asked the old man, coming over to the fire and staring down at Chlorien. "No wonder you feel the cold." He glanced up at Autoc, the smile still touching his eyes. "My name's Jaim."
"And I'm Schol," responded Autoc, his blue eyes warm with amusement. "This is my boy, Chlorien." Chlorien lifted her head respectfully, then lowered it again. The old man moved next to her and stooped, his hand brushing across her head.
"Still damp, lad," he muttered. He disappeared from the room to return with a heavy cloth that he tossed at the scholar. "His head's wet, man. Dry him off."
Autoc set to work on Chlorien's hair, rubbing it so vigorously she felt giddy. When he stopped, she drained the mug, thinking as she did that it was the oddest broth she'd ever tasted. She suddenly felt very drowsy. The scholar crouched beside her so when she slipped sideways he could catch both her and the falling mug.
The old man watched from a rocking chair, his face inscrutable. Autoc eased back from the fireplace and leaned up against another chair, Chlorien pulled into his lap. The scholar glanced up at the old man who shimmered briefly and then coughed. In the chair sat a very short, extremely thickset man, with, at that moment, a solemn and mirthless expression; he sighed deeply and pulled at an extraordinarily long salt and pepper beard. Autoc gave a chuckle.
"I thought," he mused, "I'd been too long on Ambros and was unable to read clearly anymore."
"You sat your horse long enough considering the matter," came a sonorous growl. "Did the child have to get so wet, then?" Autoc chuckled again.
"He'll be all right once he's eaten and slept."
"So you think of her as he, do you?"
"It's necessary. You should as well."
"You may be correct. What's his name again?"
"Chlorien."
"Very Shadowlands, mage. Was that intended?" Autoc's voice sounded rueful.
"No, not entirely. It's very close to Myme Chlo and she's answered to Chlo most of her life. Did Bene ask you to come?"
"He hinted the Gnosti may care to know what's occurring on Ambros. He spoke with Disah. Let me look more closely at her."
Autoc shifted the girl so that she faced the stocky man. Jaim came over to where the scholar rested, carefully pulled back the blanket from about the young head and stared contemplatively at the delicate, elfin face with the pointed chin and the prominent cheekbones. His hand touched the dark curls.
"Was her hair long once?"
"Until she was ten cycles it had never been cut," the scholar said quietly.
"Her eyes aren't green, are they?" The scholar shook his head.
"No, but in every other way she's in her image. She could be pure nymph, couldn't she?"
"Bene's not seen her, has he?" Jaim asked softly, his eyes still on the girl's face.
"No. Not since the day she was born."
"She has his colour eyes?"
"Aye, she has, as large as her Mam's and as deep as her grand-dame's."
"It's like looking at Cynthas again," murmured Jaim. "It hurts, but not as much as I thought it would. Disah would be more deeply affected than I am." He saw Autoc nod. "Who seeks her?"
"One who calls himself Blach and claims to be a mere sorcerer. He lives in a Keep in southern Ambros." Jaim raised an eyebrow.
"And who exactly is he, mage?"
"He's a southern mage linked, I'm now sure, with the warlord who even now advances northwards." Jaim's voice went very hard.
"Is that the mage's true name?" The scholar looked thoughtfully at Chlorien. "Answer me, Autoc." The face staring down at Autoc and the girl was grim. Autoc's face was unusually bleak.
"No," he said with an effort, pulling the blanket up around Chlorien's head and settling her comfortably.
"I thought not," said Jaim coolly. "Bene wouldn't rouse old friends for a mere southern mage. It's our old friend again, isn't it?"
"Aye," was the monosyllabic response.
Jaim strode over to a cabinet. He lifted out a wineskin and two drinking cups that he filled to their brims. He held one down to Autoc who took it and sipped appreciatively.
"Ah, Jaim," he sighed, "this is excellent. Apart from once or twice, I've not tasted wine of this quality for a long time." Jaim sat back in his rocking chair.
"I'm to accompany you. It's thought you could use some support over the next cycle or so."
"Your company will be most welcome, Jaim. How do you travel?"
"As an old man, my friend."
"Wise," murmured the scholar. "It would be food for comment if a Gnosti was seen so very far east. It could alert those we wish least to arouse. Also the child's not yet ready to learn of you and yours. She's still very young."
"Of course," agreed Jaim, with a reluctant smile. "It'll enable you to concentrate on teaching her, won't it? And that, I gather, is of prime importance."
Autoc gave a weary grin, saying honestly, "I haven't dared risk too much while we've been alone. She's now at the stage where her development is critical. I've hesitated because it would've made her too vulnerable."
"Understandable."
"There are two of Blach's henchmen about for one thing."
"Are there?" growled Jaim. "Where exactly?" He touched a fearsome-looking battleaxe that rested next to his chair.
"I expect they're further west than us now, but there's no doubt we'll meet them again." Autoc's sense of humour got the better of him and he added, "What relation of ours are you going to be, Jaim?" A responsive gleam shone in tawny eyes looking down at the scholar.
"Like that, is it?" The scholar nodded, his eyes twinkling irrepressibly. "Not your father, mage. Tall as my image makes me, you're far too tall for that."
"Chlorien’s eldest uncle then," Autoc suggested. "Mam's oldest brother," he added wickedly.
"Whose?" demanded Jaim. After the scholar, with much chuckling, explained, Jaim raised his hands. "You're as mad as Bene," he muttered, drinking deeply. "And the little one?"
"He'll accept you if I do." The scholar's smile went awry when he looked up at Jaim. "It's good to see you, my friend, even if the reason for it being so is bitter for Ambros."
Jaim put his hand on the scholar's shoulder and gripped it with considerable strength. He had no need to reply. Both men drank steadily through a long and profound silence.
"Where are you taking him, Autoc?" asked Jaim after a time.
"To Ice Isle." Jaim's mouth dropped open with shocked surprise.
"Will they accept him?"
"I think so," mumbled the scholar, running a hand through his hair. "He has to go for more than one reason. There's an essence in thrall that he needs and he'll have to be acknowledged by dragons, through a trial of self-knowledge and acceptance. That's a part of his destiny. He can only achieve that by being accepted by the dragons."
"That's damnably hard for one so young, mage."
"Yes," said the scholar, a sad little smile trembling at the corners of his mouth.
"It could break him."
"Yes, it could, especially if he is unprepared, but so could the alternatives, Jaim, and they're considerably more terrifying, aren't they?"
Jaim winced. "Aye, mage, they are."
Autoc deliberately changed the topic by asking, "How did you get here?"
"Dramas obliged." Jaim looked reflective. "I never get used to dragon travel."
"I enjoy it myself," countered the scholar with a grin, "but then, I fly more often. Let me tell you about Ortok and all I suspect's gone on since."
Jaim relaxed back, watching the mage's face as Autoc described life in Ortok before the invasion and then outlined events as he saw them after the sack. Jaim asked questions and pursed his lips.
He finally asked, "And the other children, mage? What happened to them?" He saw deep pain in very blue eyes before the scholar looked into the fire.
"That I can't answer, Jaim, though I've allowed myself to sense they're alive. Melas and Bruno aren't. In what condition the children are I shudder to think, and I can't let myself allow them to touch me. It's a source of profoundest grief." Jaim heard the sorrow in the deep voice and when the scholar briefly looked up, he saw tears in his eyes.
He said, "Ease your pain, mage. We all have limits imposed on us. You did all you could within yours."
"Perhaps," said the scholar, quietly but distinctly.
"Tell me," went on Jaim, "why is this, Blach as we'll continue to call him, so interested in Chlorien?"
Autoc had already learned the answer to that for himself but he knew instinctively that Bene wouldn't wish him to disclose any such knowledge, certainly not at this stage, so he gave a slight shrug. Jaim smiled slightly, acknowledged the rebuff without offence and turned the subject. They spoke on inconsequential matters until a sigh reached them. Jaim looked down at opening violet eyes and was instantly an old man who rocked calmly in his chair.
"Better now that you've slept, lad?" he asked placidly.
"Thank you," she whispered, snuggling into both the scholar and the blanket. "And for the broth," she added. "What was in it? I've never tasted anything like it."
"Nor will again belike," murmured Autoc. Chlorien came fully awake. "There are dry clothes ready on the chair above you."
After they'd eaten in a most leisurely fashion, the scholar decided the hour was so far advanced Chlorien should go to bed. She protested, vehemently, when she was taken firmly by the arm and ruthlessly pushed through into an adjoining room to a small bed set against the far wall. It was to that she was propelled. With a resigned sigh Chlorien slipped off her outer garments and climbed under blankets. She shivered. The scholar gestured that she snuggle further down. His eyes scanned her face intently. Chlorien curled up on her side, her head pillowed on one hand. The scholar stooped and his hand brushed her brow; instantly, she was asleep.
Autoc strolled back to join Jaim who was his Gnosti self again and comfortably ensconced with a pipe at his mouth. The scholar ambled over to a chair and threw himself into it, stretched his very long legs fully out and his hand fumbled in his pocket for his pipe. The drinking cups were full and it was very warm and cosy. The storm that raged unabated outside was a contrast with the tranquillity inside. The scholar didn't miss the irony. Jaim looked across at him.
"We've much to discuss, haven't we?"
"Aye," he agreed quietly. "We have."


CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

A season after Lodestok's army started the move north, the weather became steadily chillier by the day. The slow walk of the horses did nothing to help the riders keep warm, especially Bethel who'd continued to grow very fast and was extremely thin. He didn't think he would ever be warm in northern climes he knew from history lessons in Ortok were far colder than Samar. Northern Ambros had long bitter winters, cool autumns and springs, and short summers that equated with a Samar springtime. It was a harsher and bleaker climate the further north a traveller went. He needed body fat and very warm clothing and though Bethel had warm clothing, it did nothing to alleviate his misery as the days drew in. He shivered woefully most of the time.
When the warlord commanded a halt, Bethel gave an inaudible sigh of relief as he slipped from the saddle of a destrier much too big for him. He wasn't allowed to ride by himself. His horse was led by the warlord who insisted on having the boy's company.
This evening, Bethel finished serving the warlord. Lodestok languidly pared his nails for himself, his eyes coming to rest on the tall, slight boy waiting to be granted permission to eat. The warlord didn't smile. He merely nodded disinterestedly and turned back to his nails. He looked comfortable, one leg swung over the arm of the chair in his usual posture, and there was a full goblet on the table beside him.
He paused in what he was doing to observe the boy. Bethel ate sparingly. He seldom, Lodestok noticed, ate much of an evening, a fact the boy could have explained had his master bothered to ask. As Bethel raised food to his mouth, the warlord frowningly turned back to his nails, meticulously filing them.
When he finished, he placed the file on the table and quietly raised his goblet, watching the boy empty his plate. He remained relaxed. His cold eyes stayed fixed on the boy. Bethel, unaware of the regard as he hunched on his mat trying to keep warm, lifted his goblet and drank very deeply, twice. Lodestok spoke very softly as he did when he wanted the boy close, his wants not able to be ignored.
"Come to me, boy."
Normally, Bethel would obey such a command instantly. Tonight, he didn't seem to hear. Lodestok's eyes became glacial and his deep voice was a snarl.
"Boy!" Bethel got slowly to his feet and took a few unsteady steps, his hands to his diaphragm.
"My lord," he stammered, "I -."
He lurched as he reached the warlord. Lodestok grasped one of Bethel's wrists and jerked the boy roughly onto his knees, just as Bethel's head fell against the warlord's chest. The boy's body curled up as cramps caught him. Lodestok's eyes widened. He lifted Bethel's limp head and instantly saw the eyes rolled back. Bethel gave small cries, whimpered moans and clutched his stomach. Spasms wracked him.
The warlord rose immediately, the boy draped in his arms. At the same time as he carried the writhing boy to the bed, Lodestok called to Sarssen, who knew always to be nearby of an evening, in a voice of urgency and rage. Sarssen quickly responded. He took one look at the warlord's face and another longer look at the boy, before he was gone from the pavilion at a fast run, calling loudly for a healer.
Lodestok sat on the bed. He eased Bethel gently onto it, but held the boy's upper body in his arms so he could cradle the dark head. Sweat beaded Bethel's face as his body repeatedly arched. He began to sob. The contortions hurt. His breathing was so rapid the warlord could feel the boy's lungs heave and heart race under his hand. He held Bethel as firmly as he could, but the boy kept trying to curl into a ball as wave after wave of pain convulsed him. He clenched his teeth as another spasm caught and shook him. Bethel screamed.
Whilst Lodestok held Bethel, he was suddenly aware that not once, since the boy was brought from the slave pen, had Bethel screamed or cried out as he now did. The warlord only ever heard gasps, whimpers or moans. He was never like this. Lodestok looked down very thoughtfully at the boy twisting in his arms and held him closer, his intense, icy gaze fixed to the white, distorted face.
Sarssen appeared at the pavilion entrance, a man close behind, in time to hear another agonised scream from Bethel. Lodestok glanced up, his face a mask of fury.
"Poison," he snarled. "Hurry, healer!"
The healer crossed quickly to the bed, lifted the boy's eyelids and sharply drew in his breath. He unstoppered a phial that he held to Bethel's mouth.
"Hold him, Sarssen!" snapped the warlord.
His arms pinned the boy's top half against his powerful chest, while Sarssen sat on the bed, gripped Bethel's hands, and held the writhing lower body immobile by leaning his full weight across it. He felt the young body struggle to arch beneath him. The healer put his thumb and forefinger deeply into Bethel's cheeks to force him to open his mouth and had to press very hard to make the teeth unclench. With a whimper of pain, Bethel obliged. He tried to spit out the liquid but the healer was too fast for him, and crying breathlessly, Bethel swallowed. The healer stood back, concern mirrored in his eyes.
Within minutes, the convulsions eased. Letting the boy's hands drop by his sides, Sarssen rose from the bed, but the warlord continued to hold Bethel, his eyes never leaving the boy's face as he heard the cries and sobs turn to occasional hiccups for air. Lodestok gently turned Bethel so the boy could lie more naturally, the dark head rested against the warlord's shoulder and supported by Lodestok's left arm. Lodestok's free hand carefully pulled the mass of curls away from the damp face, his fingers tracing the line of the Vaksh cut. He didn't look up.
After watching the warlord for several minutes, Sarssen signalled to the healer who followed him from the pavilion. As they went, Lodestok bent his head over the boy, murmured Bethel's name softly, several times, and stroked the dishevelled curls. It was the first time Sarssen heard the warlord use the boy's given name. Outside, Sarssen stared hard at the healer, his expression uncompromising.
"How bad is he?" he demanded. The healer shrugged.
"He's had a very heavy dose. He'll need rest." Sarssen sighed heavily.
"Confirm my suspicions, healer. What was it?"
"Septan, my lord. It's usually lethal. Prompt action saved him. Another ten minutes and that boy would be dead."
Sarssen looked down at the healer contemplatively, "And?"
"Before I give the lad his next dose, he must be given an emetic."
"I see." Sarssen sighed again.
"He must be very sick, my lord." The healer handed a small bottle to the warrior. "He must be given this now the convulsions have stopped. This'll ensure he empties his stomach." The healer turned away.
When Sarssen returned to the pavilion, Lodestok looked up, his eyes glittering malevolently.
"When should he regain consciousness?" His tone was imperious and cold. Sarssen crossed to the bed, holding out the bottle that Lodestok promptly took.
"He has to be given this, my lord, straight away." Lodestok unstoppered the bottle, sniffed at it and gagged before he handed it back to Sarssen.
"It will make the boy ill."
"It is meant to, my lord. He has got to be made very sick."
The warlord glared up at Sarssen. Then he held out his hand again for the unstoppered bottle, ruthlessly jerked Bethel's head back, and poured the contents down the boy's throat without pause. Bethel's eyes didn't open but his body contracted almost immediately and he began to make choking sounds as he was lifted to be carried outside. His slight body seemed turned inside out as he retched, and he was no sooner over one bout than he was wracked again. Lodestok and Sarssen held him grimly. The paroxysms didn't lessen in intensity or frequency for twenty minutes, by which time the warlord's temper was unspeakable. Bethel's eyes opened, but were glazed.
When Bethel's body relaxed, Lodestok carried the boy back into the pavilion, laid him with surprising gentleness on the bed, stroked a white cheek before covering Bethel with furs, and tucked them carefully round the boy to keep him warm. The two men could see how Bethel began to violently shiver.
"Do you sit by him," ordered Lodestok, in a menacing voice.
Sarssen did so promptly, watching with a sad expression in his eyes as the warlord strode from the pavilion. Bethel would’ve been glad he was unconscious, because Lodestok's rage saw slaves lined up and despatched with ferocity. Sarssen had heard it all before, but it never got easier. The warrior pressed his lips tightly together at the sounds he was forced to listen to and when the healer returned in the middle of the slaughter, his face was white and strained. He quietly made Bethel drink a potion, then lifted the boy's limp wrist.
"His pulse is nearly back to normal, my lord," he remarked, a gentle hand brushing the tumbled hair from Bethel's face. He stared down at the boy for a long minute. "He's a very lovely child. Where's he from?"
"Ortok," replied Sarssen curtly. The healer still looked at Bethel, deep compassion in his eyes.
"Poor lad," he murmured quietly. "Was he sick?"
"Very," was the rather acid reply.
"Then he'll heal all the faster, my lord." The healer lifted Bethel's eyelids, then looked directly at the warrior. "There's still poison in his system." Gently, he turned Bethel's head to the light cast by the nearest lantern. "His colour improves. Once he becomes conscious, he should be given liquids, but only in small amounts."
"I see," said Sarssen, dispassionately regarding the healer before turning his gaze to Bethel. "We are grateful for your help, healer. You may go."
It left Sarssen to calmly sit by the boy, a small phial in his hand that he unstoppered and held to Bethel's mouth, his patience rewarded when the lips parted a little way and the liquid seeped through. Sarssen waited until the phial was drained, then, after he quietly stripped Bethel, he began very gently and carefully to massage the boy from his chest to his feet, his movements rhythmic and smooth. Lastly, the warrior held another opened phial to the boy's nostrils, a cloud of vapour gathered about the young head then finally dissipated. Sarssen gave a satisfied sigh, checked Bethel's pulse, wrapped him in furs again and discreetly retired to a chair at the opposite side of the pavilion.
By the early morning Lodestok's fury was spent, the healer had dosed Bethel several times and Sarssen sat by the bed with a book, quietly observant. The warrior thought the boy lay more naturally. He bent over the still figure, noting that Bethel's pallor receded and he breathed more deeply and regularly. What intrigued and astonished him was to see, out of the corner of his eye, a very small, unusual furry creature that sat at the end of the bed. Sarssen could’ve sworn the creature hadn’t been there a few minutes before and he was startled when it made long eye contact with him in a way Sarssen found oddly disconcerting, then it dematerialised. Sarssen blinked.
When the warlord entered the pavilion, he flung himself into a chair, his eyes still glittering, but the near madness that had shone in them, gone. Sarssen thoughtfully handed Lodestok a full goblet and knelt to remove the warlord's boots. Lodestok looked appreciatively at him as the second boot was removed. The warlord's smile was wolfish.
"You anticipate all my needs, boy, do you not?" he commented softly. Sarssen smiled as he sat back on the bed. He looked at the sleeping boy.
"He looks noticeably improved, my lord."
"I should hope so," was the cool reply. "Has he gained consciousness?"
"Not yet, my lord."
The men drank in companionable silence, the warlord closing his eyes and seemingly asleep, until both men heard a sigh. The warlord was instantly on his feet and beside Sarssen on the bed, Sarssen prudently moving so Lodestok was next to Bethel. Bethel stirred as Lodestok took one of the boy's hands in his.
"Boy," the warlord said quietly. The eyelashes fluttered, then the huge purple eyes opened, wide and confused.
"My lord," Bethel whispered, trying weakly to move.
"Do not move, boy," he was told in a sharp voice. The boy blinked wearily. "Are you still in pain?"
"A little, my lord. I feel sick."
"You will keep absolutely quiet."
"Yes, my lord," murmured Bethel, closing his eyes. Both men looked up as the healer crossed the pavilion.
"Has he woken, my lord?"
"Just now," was the curt reply.
The warlord watched the healer make the boy open his eyes so he could stare intently into the dilated pupils, before he let the boy shut his eyes again.
"He needs another medicine now, my lord. He won't like it." Lodestok gave a harsh laugh.
"Give it to me."
The healer did, his eyes widening in surprise. Lodestok put the cup to Bethel's mouth. When Bethel turned his head away, it was sharply tilted back and he gave a small cry when Lodestok again tipped a medicine down his throat, giving the boy no time to protest. A shudder ran through Bethel and he licked his lips.
"He will need to be given five doses during the day, my lord." Lodestok's smile was bleak.
"He will get used to it."
The warlord waved the healer away irritably, rose from the bed and flung himself back into a chair, one hand idly playing with a full goblet. He stared over at Sarssen meditatively. He flicked his fingers to indicate Sarssen was to approach. Sarssen saw the amused, cocked eyebrow as he did, his immediate compliance expected – the warrior, like Bethel, knew what would follow.
As the day wore on, Bethel became restless. When his medicine was due, Lodestok held him in a steely grip and made him take it. The fourth time, Bethel fought the warlord, shook his head and put up his hands. The boy's eyes were black. Lodestok sat still and spoke, so gently, awareness returned immediately to dilated eyes.
"You will open your mouth and swallow, boy."
With a shiver, Bethel lay quite still, his hands fell to his sides, his mouth opened and he swallowed anxiously, his eyes fixed to compelling pale blue ones. The warlord made him keep swallowing until the cup was drained, the boy only relaxing when Lodestok turned from him, bidding him rest.
By evening, the healer was satisfied Bethel wouldn't require his services until the following morning. He left a cup of medicine on a table by the bed and retired. Lodestok and Sarssen, clad in breeches, boots and shirts, were playing cards when they heard Bethel cough. The boy tried to haul himself up onto the cushions but was too weak and lay back quietly with a sigh.
He lounged instead, watching the two men at their game. He idly noticed that Sarssen's hair was unplaited and fell in very long, thick blond ringlets down his shoulders and back. Bethel thought Sarssen looked very much younger with his hair loose, more like Sarehl's age he thought with a sharp pang.
Sarssen glanced over at Bethel when he heard the cough, but Lodestok didn't. Only after the hand was completed, did the warlord walk over to the bed to look down frowningly at the boy.
"My lord," murmured Bethel, trying to rise. A large, strong hand pinned him against the cushions.
"You are in no state to serve me," remarked Lodestok. "Sarssen serves in your place. Look at me." Bethel had his head turned from side to side. Lodestok looked long into the dark eyes. "How do you feel?"
"Weak, my lord."
"I am not surprised. You will doubtless feel better tomorrow. You are to rest. Do you understand, boy?" Bethel nodded. "But first you will drink this."
Lodestok held out the cup as he let the boy's head drop. He saw the look on Bethel's face when the boy reluctantly accepted the cup, stooped to put his arm behind Bethel, and raised him so that he could drink. Bethel then felt himself gently lowered on to the cushions and knew the warlord ran fingers through tangled curls.
After a moment, Lodestok got to his feet saying, "Go to sleep."
Bethel murmured assent, his eyes closing. Sarssen, however, didn’t miss either the look or touch of affection from the warlord. His eyes widened and he discreetly looked away.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

The move of the army north came to an abrupt halt for four days as a result of the poisoning. Worse still, from a warrior point of view, was the warlord's unpredictable and violent humour while his boy was indisposed. They never knew what whim, nasty or otherwise, might enter Lodestok's head. They were told that a young slave boy was to be assigned to the warlord's pavilion to act as a taster for Bethel, this arrangement to be permanent.
And warriors could do nothing, other than grit their teeth, when advised they were responsible for ensuring the warlord's boy was secure around them. The guards may not have been obvious to outsiders, but from the day Bethel went outside the pavilion, he knew he was constantly watched and no longer discreetly as before. He felt ever more a slave and a prisoner. He was left languid and low in spirit. Sarssen noticed the boy did everything he was told without the vitality or energy that usually characterised him. His eyes were dull. He moved as if existence was an effort. The warlord gave Bethel four day's grace to recover before he expected the boy to be restored to his normal self. Even his singing seemed to give him less comfort.
As Bethel sat on the verge of a wide path late one afternoon staring moodily in front of him, he heard the pipers. He lifted his head and strained to listen. It was a relief after Lotos and Gariok, because his head still swam from a sound cuffing the bard gave him an hour earlier for a minor mistake in a chord. Now, drawn, he drifted towards the music where, like a wraith he settled close to the musicians. He forgot time. He crouched still, listening. Without being aware of it, he began to weep, the tears racing down his face and spilling to the ground, his thoughts on the Academy that he’d so loved. It had embodied all Bethel’s dreams.
He felt a hand on his shoulder. He made no effort to move. A piper squatted in front of Bethel, gently wiped the tears from the boy's face, stared into the dull eyes for a long moment, and then helped the boy to his feet. Bethel accepted the hand that clasped his.
The musicians stopped playing and clustered about Bethel, holding out their instruments. He looked carefully at the pipes, then shook his head.
"I can't play them," he said sadly, looking longingly at them.
"Try," suggested the piper.
Bethel raised a pipe to his lips, then shyly put it down. The musicians watched as the boy touched each instrument in a caressing way, lingering over each one. Though the instruments were different from those he'd learned to play at the Academy, Bethel recognised shapes and forms as being essentially similar. He recognised variants on the fipple-flute, flageolet, the cithara, the Samar fiddle, and he fingered the sabbeka, then the recorder-type instrument that so closely resembled his Guildmaster’s eafest, with wistful longing. The musicians could sense unspoken yearning. Bethel turned to them with the faintest of sad smiles.
"Please play," he whispered to the piper.
Bethel listened. He leaned against a wagon wheel and closed his eyes. As one piece of music ended and another started, he opened his eyes to let them wander beyond the immediate pipers, where they lighted on an instrument that lay against another wagon. Quietly, Bethel scrambled over to it, lifted it and stroked the pale wood. It was a stringed instrument with a long narrow neck and half-barrel base.
Bethel lifted the neck of the instrument against his shoulder, settled himself back comfortably, and, with his right hand, tentatively plucked a chord. Immediately, he was lost. The sound was dissimilar to his lute lost in the fires of Ortok, because the shapes of the instruments were different, but he played it in a similar way, the chords essentially the same though this instrument had more strings.
He wasn't aware the pipers stopped playing and gathered closely round him, their expressions appreciative. The music completely absorbed him. The velvet eyes reanimated, the drooping shoulders straightened and the mouth curved in a delighted and contented smile. Bethel's head was bent and slightly tilted. As he wrestled with the estibe’s complexity, both fingers and lips moved and the long black hair hid his face. He'd no idea how long he played.
He was brought to reality by a large shadow that fell across him, stopped playing, and his head lifted as he tossed hair from his eyes. He noticed all the musicians looked at him.
"This is a beautiful thing," he murmured. "Whose is it?"
"Not yours, I fancy," said a deep, soft voice above him. Bethel put the instrument to one side. With a squally stomach he got to his feet and suddenly apprehensive purple eyes looked up at the warlord who stared down thoughtfully. "Do you always play like that?"
"I've no instrument, my lord." Lodestok bent, picked up the estibe from beside Bethel and turned it over in his hands.
"Whose is this?" he demanded.
A short, dark man stepped forward, saying, "Mine, my lord." Lodestok looked back down at Bethel.
"You are inexcusably late, boy. I have been inconvenienced seeking you." Bethel glanced up, licked his lips, but made no effort to answer. "You had best explain to me why, little bud," continued the quiet voice.
"I was coming, my lord. Then I heard the music." The cool, unruffled voice dripped with threat and got quieter still.
"And?" A hand went under the young chin. Bethel bit his lower lip this time.
"I stayed to listen, my lord."
"Not wise, petal," was the soft comment. Lodestok turned the estibe over again. "You know what happens if you disobey me." He stooped, again staring down. "Do you not?" Bethel nodded. "However," purred Lodestok, "I have never heard the estibe played in such a way before." He still stared down at the boy. "When and where did you learn to play it?"
"I've never played it before, my lord." The warlord looked quite surprised and let the chin he held fall. "It’s new to me."
"Are you telling me you have never played an estibe?"
"Not until today, my lord, no. It's a little like a lute, but the shape is different and this has more strings."
"Exactly what is a lute?"
"It's a stringed instrument I used to play -." Bethel broke off forlornly.
"So," came the soft voice, "you are a true little musician, are you not?"
"I was being instructed to be one, my lord."
"Where were you studying?" Bethel's voice quivered.
"At the Aesthetics Academy, my lord."
Lodestok tucked the estibe under one arm, and, with his free hand he grasped Bethel's wrist. He looked across at the small, dark man, his eyes cold and mocking.
"The boy has need of this. Find yourself another one." The musician looked across at Bethel and smiled.
"Certainly, my lord," he answered, stepping back.
The warlord turned, giving Bethel a none too gentle tug. Stumbling a little, he accompanied Lodestok back to the warlord's pavilion.
Lodestok strode over to a chair and threw himself into it as he usually did. Bethel stood uncertainly, bracing himself. The warlord, however, just studied him in a considering way. He’d thrown the estibe on the bed in a way that made Bethel flinch. Now, peremptorily, Lodestok nodded at it.
"Get the estibe, boy."
Bethel walked over to the bed, tremblingly picked up the instrument and stood cradling it. Lodestok gestured to the ground at his feet. Nervously, Bethel settled. He sat erect, but immediately felt a hand make him fall back against the warlord's knees.
"Play for me," came the order above him.
After a few false starts, Bethel played as he'd done before, becoming increasingly more familiar with the instrument and more confident. He bent his head and again his hair fell all about him. As happened before, the boy became lost in the music. Bethel didn't see Sarssen enter the pavilion, to draw up short, incredulous astonishment on his face as he took in the tableau of the warlord lying back in his chair, utterly relaxed with his eyes closed, while at his feet, a boy, lost in a dream, plucked strings to make music. Sarssen quietly withdrew. Bethel only stopped playing when a hand touched his head. He looked up, his eyes hugely luminous and alive.
"You have rare talent, boy, have you not?" Lodestok pulled himself upright, a hand still stroking the curls. "You will put the estibe away for now and serve me. Later, before we retire, you will play again, little petal, and you will sing."
Bethel looked up again at his master, for the first time responsively, the warlord suddenly conscious he'd never before seen his boy smile in so natural a way, and he smiled back with warmth. At the same moment, he had the sense he experienced cycles before when he’d given Sarssen a ring. Now, as then, he inexplicably made a decision. This child would be trained in another ancient tradition, this time a bardic one. His smile was instantly gone.
Later that evening, the camp heard Bethel play the estibe for the first time. Lodestok lay on the bed, the boy held next to him, the warlord suddenly aware that as Bethel played, the chords seemed to vibrate through him as if he was the instrument itself. His eyes glowing with pleasure, Bethel played. When the music stopped, this night there was no savagery.
~~~
The night Bethel was poisoned, Sarssen left Lodestok's pavilion as soon as the warlord turned from him and slept. He dressed noiselessly and went to his own pavilion, where he threw himself on his bed and stretched out in a highly contemplative frame of mind. He stayed that way for a long time, to all outward appearances deeply asleep. When his eyes opened slowly, the green colour was intense.
Sarssen was like a shadow as he made his way through the camp. He followed a direct route, though he made a brief detour not far from the main healers' tent. It was very early in the morning, so, apart from sentries on duty, the camp was unnaturally hushed, the air was chill, and Sarssen's breath was the only indication of his presence. He had to skirt the recumbent bodies of slaves hunched miserably as they tried to garner warmth from long dead fires and also had to dodge the debris that seemed an ever present feature of a huge army on the move.
He reached a small cluster of unsels, paused at one, quickly entered, then trod purposefully over to a pallet, and, kneeling beside it, his hand went very quickly to cover the mouth of the man lying there. There was a brief struggle before the prone body lay still, the head turned up to Sarssen in alarm.
"Sit!" instructed Sarssen sharply, taking his hand from the man's mouth.
It was a young man who hauled himself up onto a cushion. He had long brown hair and almost orange eyes that matched an olive skin, was slender but not tall in the southern way and wasn't much above twenty cycles. He carried the Vaksh slave mark of Lodestok's.
"My lord," he said, with just the correct note of deference, though Sarssen was quick to hear the derision in the voice. The warrior wasn't much older than this young man.
"Because, Demeth," Sarssen spoke softly, "you are out of favour, does not mean you are entitled to dispose of those who are." Demeth's eyes narrowed.
"What are you suggesting, my lord?"
"That you poisoned the boy," responded Sarssen, his voice amiable but his eyes hard. "You will tell me the truth, will you not?"
"I have been here for days, my lord. Anyone will tell you I have been unwell."
"Not as unwell as you are going to be," suggested the warrior. "You were always a liar, Demeth, and you have not changed." Sarssen's voice was suddenly implacably cold.
"Don't try to threaten me," warned Demeth, pulling back from the warrior. His eyes darted uneasily.
"Why is that?" asked Sarssen, with false affability.
"He said I wouldn't be hurt," Demeth muttered resentfully.
"Who did?" asked Sarssen, leaning over the smaller man. Demeth shrank back.
"No one," he mumbled. He gave a strangled cry when Sarssen's hands gripped his throat.
"Who?"
"No one," repeated Demeth.
He was suddenly conscious of his vulnerability lying down. He knew as well as anyone that Sarssen was a formidable fighter. Though the warlord had permitted Demeth to learn warrior skills, he wasn't trained in the same way as Sarssen, nor was the young man a proven tempkar. He made a move to get from the mattress and was flung roughly back.
"Tell me who encouraged you to poison the boy, Demeth. I am angry with you. Can you think why?"
"Leave me alone!" Demeth caught at one of Sarssen's wrists as he spoke, then froze at the ice in the warrior's voice.
"Demeth, many innocent slaves died for what you did in a fit of jealousy. You have that on your conscience whereas I will have only one death on mine, will I not?" Demeth didn't answer. "The warlord would never have taken you back, you know," Sarssen went on. "He had finished with you because he became bored. That you were permitted to live should have been enough for you, you fool."
"Not true," gasped Demeth. "Lokar said he could make the warlord -." He looked up into green eyes that were both cold and held an arrested expression. Sulkily, he sank back on to the mattress, his hands up defensively.
"Go on," invited Sarssen, his eyes frightening in their intensity.
"There's nothing else. Lokar just said the boy had to be disposed of, that's all."
"Not quite," came the soft response. "Demeth, you deserve to die and you will do so by my hand, but first -."
Before Demeth had a chance to defend himself, strong thumbs jerked up his head until his orange eyes met green ones, and, with shock, he knew his mind was dissected with ruthless finesse. He recognised he could hide nothing. That it was a warrior who did this to him was unbelievable.
He saw himself take a pouch of poison from Lokar and add the septan to one of two goblets, the goblet he chose plain, the one he ignored, ornately chased. He saw himself outside the pavilion, waiting, until he heard the boy's cries, then he saw again his smile of triumph as he moved quietly away. Sarssen read more and it profoundly disturbed him.
Demeth blinked. He realised that Sarssen was bent over him with an unstoppered phial in his hand.
"Drink this, Demeth," the warrior ordered in a cold, curt tone. Sarssen was almost unrecognizable. Demeth began to sweat with fear.
"No!"
Demeth stammered and pleaded, his words not touching the warrior who stared down at him with an expression of bitter contempt. Sarssen brought the incoherent babbling to an abrupt halt by pushing the phial closer to Demeth's mouth. Demeth could crawl back no further. He knew he couldn't hold off the stronger man, but though weakened by shock and fright he wasn't so weak he couldn't fight for his life. The resulting tussle ended when Demeth felt his head jerked back and was forced to swallow from the phial. He gave a choked splutter. His look of disbelief as he stared up at Sarssen was replaced by appalled comprehension when the first wave of pain caught him. He tried to speak, but failed. He curled up on the mattress, agonising cramps shaking him.
Sarssen didn't speak. He rose and impassively watched as Demeth went into convulsions. It took Demeth five minutes to die, and in that time Sarssen could have been a statue. Only when Demeth lay still did the warrior pick up the empty septan phial and leave the tent. He didn't give Demeth a second look.
Sarssen made his slow way to another part of the camp where the enslaved healers were quartered. Unlike other slaves, these men had rude shelter of a sort that protected them from the worst of the elements, mostly rough cloth flung from pole to pole in a series of screenings. The warrior stooped at one of these and entered. He sat very still and waited until a quiet, calm voice spoke.
"Why have you come, lad? It's not wise you do."
"Morjah," responded Sarssen, in a deeply respectful voice. "There is something you must know."
"Open to me," instructed the soft voice in reply. There was a long silence, then a protracted sigh. "Lokar," came the voice. "The boy's seen as a threat. Now why I wonder? You know, my lad, I begin to see things much more clearly than before."
"Lokar will try again, Seignore. When the boy was ill some seasons ago and Lokar came to examine him, the boy's reaction was one of fear and loathing; it surprised me then as I told you. What must I do?"
"Nothing," came a warning voice. "Nothing at all. You'll leave this to me. I have thinking to do and decisions to make." There was a long pause. "Betrayal is hard to accept sometimes, Sarssen. I must be very sure. We all must be." There was an even longer pause. The voice, usually gentle, was frigid. "For the love of the gods, watch the boy as closely as you can, but without endangering yourself."
"If Lokar is a threat, Seignore, he is very powerful and has influence. He also has my master's ear."
"True," agreed the voice, now gently amused. "And I hope no one, especially Lokar or his closest healer, Jaden, remotely suspects your healing or reader-seeker skills. Go now, lad, quickly. Don't return here. Is that clear?"
"Yes, Seignore," murmured Sarssen. "And I do dissemble. My ignorance appears abysmal. Some amongst us, though, are deliberately selected, as you know, to learn the rudiments of field medicine for when the next battle comes."
"Well and good," came the growled response.
~~~
Sarssen had to quickly decide a plausible reason for why Bethel was poisoned, nor could he say it was Demeth as it would immediately implicate himself, lead to awkward questions he didn’t want asked, but mostly, it would alert Lokar. It was best Lokar believed Demeth was unsuccessful in his part and the warrior thought, justifiably, that Lokar wouldn’t bother contacting Demeth again for some time until the fuss over Bethel died down. He would then wonder why the young man had failed but Sarssen would try to think of an answer to that later. That evening, as he again served the warlord, he had an answer ready when Lodestok raised the question of poisoning.
"A jealous ex-lover, my lord," he suggested, with an indifferent shrug. Lodestok looked momentarily startled, then started to laugh.
"Possibly, Sarssen, possibly. We shall leave it at that, but the boy must have his food watched. I do not wish a repeat. I find I wish to keep him."
"Of course, my lord."
"You understand me so well, young man, do you not?" commented Lodestok, a smile touching grim eyes.
"I try to, my lord. I have been your slave for long cycles."
"Indeed," concurred the warlord. He saw the head bow in acquiescence and his smile appreciatively deepened. "And you will continue to be so."
~~~
Sarssen noticed the music revitalised the boy. Bethel's energy returned and his eyes brightened. He found solace with the estibe, and to Sarssen's surprise and gratification, Lodestok encouraged him to play it. The music both sustained and nourished him. Every night, Bethel sat cross-legged at the warlord's feet while Lodestok lounged in his chair listening to the estibe, his countenance grim but approving. The immediate camp grew used to hearing music at erratic hours that depended on the warlord's whim of the moment.
Bethel was allowed to spend time with the musicians. He practised with them, learned how to play the estibe properly and played the pipes and horns too. Time was rearranged in Bethel’s daily schedule to now include formal musical development.
"I wish you to become a musician in the mould of an ancient tradition, boy," Lodestok said to Bethel one evening. "There were once those on Ambros who had great talent. You will follow in their footsteps."
Bethel, looking up from the estibe, didn’t understand the warlord’s words, but he knew to respond suitably.
It was Sarssen who came to fetch the boy from the musicians. Before making his presence known he'd often stand back and watch, and it was then he saw how the love Bethel had for his music drenched every part of him. Bethel lived the music and always smiled when he played, his face mostly hidden by the bent head and the curtain of black hair.
Sometimes, at the end of a session, Sarssen would wait to see if Manas came across to Bethel to study the Samar boy as he played. If he did, Bethel would suddenly look up to find a hand held out to him, then the musicians would grin, pick up their pipes and play for the boys to dance. Sarssen thought, with a deeply wistful sigh, the boys looked happy. Bethel looked so content, the warrior always felt a wrench. What neither he nor Bethel saw was Lodestok, who more than once watched the boys dance, the steps both Samar and southern. It was while he observed the twosome that a smile touched the set grimness of hard lines about the warlord's mouth.
These were moments Bethel cherished in a life of intimidation and frequent despair. He was an apprehensive boy and often looked haunted, constant threats making him nervous and easily startled. But he survived and he did that, Sarssen thought with a smile, remarkably well.


Ambrosian Chronicles
Third Age
11205

The youngest son of Alfar and Melas has been located. Tragically, the southern warlord found the boy and enslaved him. We gather, from those nearest the boy, that his existence is an exceptionally fragile one. We've urgently advised the Mishtok that this boy's life must be sustained at all costs, but we also sadly acknowledge this may not be possible. The boy lives at the will and whim of his master.
 
The boy has, we believe, remarkable beauty and talent: he's a most gifted musician. There's also a catlin that waits for the boy. That tells us much.
 
An Adept watches him.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

Once more the caravan snaked its way south. It was noticeably smaller from when it started out in Ortok so long ago. The landscape changed, no longer gentle and undulating, but dry harsh country, boulder strewn and inhospitable. It stretched for mile after mile in every direction, a treeless scape with a raw beauty all of its own. Stretching far away in the distance soared peaks that awed Luton. They were huge and majestic. He watched them every day as the caravan crawled steadily closer towards them, knowing they'd left his own lands and that they'd entered Dakhilan land because Shek told him so.
Luton still suffered fatigue. His days of grinding toil never seemed to end, so much so he'd climb onto his mattress at night gritting his teeth against aching bones and his feet, though healed, still bore deep, ridged scars that throbbed by the end of the day. He was reasonably well fed by a slave's standard and rarely beaten because he always did what he was told, but he stayed extremely thin and half-starved, the left over food from Shek’s plate not enough for one who grew as Luton did.
The blank look in his eyes didn't lift. He'd been forced to accept his friend had died, and that he may have done so to help Luton made the boy carry a heavier burden than before. He was disconsolate and totally withdrawn. His aches continued as one day succeeded another. His growing pains were acute, he was often aware of hunger and lived in a constant state of fear and frequent dread. His mental anxiety had no outlet. He was very alone. By the time the passes were reached Luton was implacably remote, and even if Shek didn't notice any change in the boy the old warrior did. He didn't say anything, but studying Luton one day, he shook his head.
They left the lowlands behind and began a long, slow and tedious climb from the inhospitable valleys they'd traversed to the mountain passes. There was more vegetation as they climbed and the cold intensified as well. Luton shivered woefully at night. When Shek noticed how cold the boy was, Luton was thrown a cloak one evening that he used to wind round himself in a desperate effort to garner some warmth. His bare sandalled feet never got warm, either rushing all day or when he was curled up at night trying to rest and the chill wind cut through his emaciated frame like a knife. His teeth chattered with the cold. He did better than those in the caravan.
Several thousand began the trek from Ortok, in forty caravans. Many hundreds died. More succumbed each day. It was a death march. Luton had to help dig shallow graves, his face emotionless while he dug and watched as bodies, already rigid, were tumbled into pits. Without being aware of it, he obeyed the order to throw back dirt, the tears freezing to his cheeks as he struggled to obey.
The weather got colder and damper the higher up the pass they went. There was no longer anywhere to bury bodies. They were left where they fell. Where Luton had thought clear weather was the norm for the mountains, he soon learned what mountain climates could be, listening to howling winds at night and then struggling against them by day. He found damp chilling mists on rising in the mornings, coldness about the enveloping dankness that got into his bones.
He was incredulous at the first flurries of snow, putting out hands to flakes that eluded him and standing as he watched the flurries of snow drift past. His enchantment was soon a thing of the past. Snow and ice became things of misery for him. Only at night was he in shelter because all day he worked in appalling conditions, his gaunt frame bowed against cold and wind. He wrapped his feet in skins that gave minimal ease, but his hands and face were red and raw, his hands even blistered and his lips chapped and painfully cracked. He struggled to put one foot in front of another, as he'd done so long ago. Shek had no pity.
"Get used to it," he advised Luton one evening when Luton fell to his mattress, a hand to bleeding lips. "Slaves work in all conditions or they die."
While Shek rode, Luton trudged behind trying to follow where the horse had been. When it was too misty or treacherous for Shek to ride, the warrior strode ahead and left Luton to lead the horse as best he could. Luton thought he'd feel anger or resentment. He felt nothing, just a sense of chilling cold and utter exhaustion.
Three-quarters of the way up the second pass, the highest they would have to traverse, the vegetation thinned to the extent that all Luton could see in front of him were huge peaks covered in ice and snow. They towered broodingly over the caravan. Luton encountered his first blizzard.
There was little shelter. The trail they'd tortuously wound round for days narrowed to the point where men could only travel, at most, two abreast. The caravans moved only very slowly, because they were just beginning to grind to a halt for the warriors and the barkashads to stop and refresh themselves. The blizzard came without warning. The warriors and many of the slave overseers had already reached a huge overhang above the trail that gave them some shelter. The caravans weren’t so lucky. Nor was Luton. He was trying, unsuccessfully, to control Shek's horse that refused to budge. The boy tugged unavailingly.
The blizzard caught men at the very edge of the trail and tossed them off, to leave them dangling over the precipice held only by chains. If one slave went, the barkashads knew they'd lose long ranks of those attached. They heard the screams and fought their way back along the trail, half-blinded by the blizzard and lashing out with their whips at anything in their way.
They struck at Luton and tried to thrust him backwards. One barkashad cut the boy across his fingers. In sudden, unexpected pain the boy dropped the horse's reins and then accidentally knocked against the animal in an effort to steady himself before he, too, slipped on the icy slope. Panicking, the horse bolted, straight over the mountain face.
Luton stood paralysed. The blood from the whiplash froze on his fingers. He was bent double against the ferocious wind and all but blinded. He crouched down against the mountain wall hoping the storm would take him, because he knew how Shek would react to the loss of his horse. His terror made him unable to think, let alone attempt an explanation.
His anticipation of Shek's reaction was correct. It was dusk by the time the blizzard blew itself out and the caravans struggled on to where there was some shelter. Shek strode back to his slave to take back his horse. He found no animal, only a slave who shook so badly his teeth chattered with both fear and cold. The warrior stood on the trail, staring at Luton with such fury in his eyes the boy half-expected to be thrown over the edge to join the horse, only Shek's recognition that Luton represented wealth saving the boy's life. Luton suspected death would be preferable. Inside the cavern, Luton was spread-eagled against a wall by two warriors. The blizzard may have passed, but Shek's temper hadn't.
When he stayed his whip, Shek said through clenched teeth, "You will pay for the loss of that horse, Karek, do you understand?" He nodded at the warriors who held Luton. "Let him go."
Luton staggered, barely able to stand. It was only the tatters of pride that kept him erect. He'd bitten through his lower lip with pain as he'd done that day in Ortok and knew he bled both there and where the whip struck from buttocks to shoulders. Teetering, Luton loosely pulled up and belted his breeches. He waited, unable to make a move until Shek threw the boy his tunic and cloak with a gesture of contempt and dismissal. Luton limped slowly and painfully from the cavern.
The cavern was under a deep, natural outcropping that overlooked the mountains away to the north from whence they'd come. In it, the caravan would have a reasonably sheltered night. Edging out from the trail opposite the cavern was a promontory of ice that looked treacherous and that Luton, off balance, stumbled away from, his tunic and cloak clutched in one hand.
Unaware of the cold, he knelt at the edge of the trail to vomit. As he heaved for a second time Luton stared down into the dark depths that seemed much more inviting than the life he was forced to endure. He climbed stiffly to his feet. He stood on the brink and considered idly which foot to move to take him to oblivion. While he thought about it with his hands up to his mouth, he felt a hand touch his lacerated shoulder and flinched, almost overbalancing. Turning, and wiping a trembling hand across his mouth, he looked into the eyes of the older warrior.
"You were going to jump, Karek, were you not?" Autchek asked in a quiet and unthreatening voice. Luton didn't answer either by a nod or a shake of his head. "You lost Shek's horse in the blizzard, did you not?" Luton nodded. His eyes were still drawn to the chasm below. "Tell me how," invited the warrior, gently edging the boy back from the precipice and gesturing to Luton that the boy put on his tunic and cloak. With difficulty Luton obeyed, his fingers frozen.
The old warrior sat on the frozen ground up against a wall of ice and pointed to beside him. His eyes wide with fright and pain, Luton managed to slide down onto the ice.
"Now," began Autchek, "tell me." Luton pointed to his side, patted an imaginary horse, then pointed to his badly cut fingers, raising his other hand as if to strike. "A barkashad whipped you?" Luton nodded. “And?"
Autchek watched the simple mime, then sat as still as the boy who bent his head. The warrior looked hard at the hunched, skeletal boy, sighed before clumsily rising, and stood staring down at Luton, aware how cruelly and unjustifiably the boy had been chastised.
"Are you still going to jump?" he asked quietly.
When Luton didn't move, the old warrior left him. The boy curled miserably in his cloak, agonisingly aware of intense pain spreading down from his shoulders to his back and buttocks. He was not yet fourteen cycles. He cried soundlessly, the tears instantly freezing on his cheeks, gave up the unequal fight to survive and yielded to the cold.
When Shek crossed the cavern after dining he looked over to the slave's mattress, expecting to see the boy lying there. The mattress was empty. Shek frowned. Autchek didn’t need to tell him the boy hadn't intentionally lost the warhorse.
"It was through no fault of Karek's, Shek. His fingers were cut with a whip. The horse bolted when the boy dropped the reins and slipped. You have very nearly killed that child for no good reason, slave or no."
As soon as Shek expended his fury he knew the severity of flogging was unmerited. In irritation both with himself and with Autchek for pointing out the obvious, he searched the cavern, then went outside back down the trail in the heavily falling snow. He had to walk carefully because the ice was treacherous and it was pitch dark. He found Luton where the older warrior had left him, the boy hunched and motionless. Shek gave him a very sharp kick. Getting no perceptible response, the warrior stooped and tried to pull Luton upright. With difficulty, he did.
The boy's eyes were glazed shut, his eyelashes and eyebrows rimed with ice. Luton's lips were blue and the warrior noticed the boy's breathing was shallow and extremely faint. Shek managed to get the boy to his feet, and, swearing vilely, carried Luton up the trail and into the shelter of the cavern. Luton was pushed on to Shek's mattress, where he lay crumpled and unmoving, the boy more dead than alive. Shek studied him for a moment, then left abruptly, to return moments later with a tankard of steaming orlos that he held to the blue lips.
"Open your mouth," he said sharply.
When Luton didn't respond the warrior went to one knee, lifted the limp head and tipped the tankard so some of the hot liquid poured through the boy's mouth. Luton licked his lips. His eyes opened and he blinked rapidly because the ice on his eyelashes felt strange. He looked fearfully at Shek, but saw only vexation rather than anger.
"Can you hold this?" Shek asked curtly, nodding at the tankard. Luton took it with trembling fingers that didn't grip very well. "Drink!"
The boy took another two mouthfuls, his hands warming against the tankard and the blue fading from his lips to white. The ice on his face melted quite rapidly and his breathing became easier.
"Finish it," he was instructed. Luton obediently raised the tankard again and drained it, placing it then in the warrior's outstretched hand. Shek put a finger to the boy's head and tilted it. "Why did you not tell me the horse bolted?" he demanded. Luton licked his lips again but refused to meet Shek's eyes. The warrior waited for an answer, but when one wasn't forthcoming, he roughly shook the young chin. "You do not stay immobile outside in these conditions, do you understand?" The hand holding the boy's chin tightened and Luton winced. Shek pointed with his free hand to Luton's mattress. "Go over there and stay there, Karek. You will doubtless have to sleep on your stomach and it serves you right, you young fool."
Shek released Luton who limped painfully to the mattress. He felt another cloak thrown over him before he heard Shek move away, drew in his breath when it made contact with his back and bit hard on his lower lip.
Luton endured one of his worst nights since he'd suffered fever. Where the whip cut burned with pain yet the boy couldn't get warm. Eventually, after fruitless attempts to neutralise the pain, and in utter desperation, he sprawled out, kept as still as he could and bit his tongue when the pain became too much. Tears soaked one end of the mattress.
At an early hour he couldn't bear any more and scrambled off the mattress, wincing because he'd stiffened overnight. He wrapped the second cloak round the first and stood shivering. He made no move for some moments, then, looking hesitantly at Shek's motionless figure he limped quietly away and carefully edged his way past recumbent bodies until he reached the cavern entrance. Like a gaunt shadow he went outside into the snow.
It was still dark and the air was bitter. Luton managed to painfully crouch and stared into nothingness, then found himself once more drawn across the narrow trail until he stood at the edge. He felt nothing except physical pain, the agony of the cuts and the constant ache engendered by both his rapid growth and the chilling cold. He wondered if he cared about anything and was unsurprised when he realised he didn't.
He continued to stand there as light touched the mountain tips, the sun casting a goldly pinkish haze that spread from peak to peak, the colour softened by the drifting, swirling snow. It made Luton feel insignificant. The chasm yawned sleepily below him. He thought again of rest, wished only to die, to be at peace, and at last, free from pain. He took a deep breath.
"You are up early, Karek," said a voice behind him.
Still Luton made no effort to move, merely tensing when he felt a hand placed very firmly on his hurt shoulder. Shek stood to one side observing him.
"Did you not sleep?" Still staring over the precipice, slowly Luton shook his head. "It would not necessarily be a quick death, boy." Luton caught his breath, briefly raising his head to look up and across at Shek whose eyes were full of amusement. "Would you really jump, Karek?" he asked coolly. He forced Luton to look directly at him. He read the answer, as he so often did, in the boy's large eyes. "Yes," he said with a faint whistle, "you would."
The warrior quietly pulled a chain from his breeches pocket, attached it to Luton's wrist, and turning away, gave the boy a sharp tug. Back in the shelter of the cavern, Shek pushed Luton roughly against the wall immediately inside the entrance, one large hand holding the boy pinned there. Luton squirmed inside.
"We shall talk," Shek said, coldly gentle. "Do you understand me?" Luton nodded. "We shall have to accept each other's word, will we not?" Puzzled, Luton stared up at the warrior, only to read nothing more than mild amusement and indifference. "Do you wish to be put back in the caravan?" Shek felt the boy stiffen and read blind panic in the black eyes. "Well?" Luton shook his head. "How else can I keep you chained unless you are put back into it, Karek?" Shek watched the boy struggle to speak then stand still, defeated. "Do I have to keep you chained again?"
The warrior could see the conflict quite clearly. The eyes showed the struggle. The terror of the caravan vied with the boy's wish to die.
"I want an answer," Shek said, so quietly the menace in his voice made Luton tremble. The boy shook his head, then lowered it in the slave sign of complete submission.
"Do they make promises where you come from, Karek?" Surprise brought the dark head up nodding. "Do they keep them?" The boy nodded again. The deep voice went very, very quiet. "Do you?" Luton shivered and it wasn't from the cold. He showed assent. "You know what I ask of you, Karek, do you not?" The head nodded a third time. "So you promise you will not jump from the edge, do you not?"
Grim-faced, Shek grasped Luton's chin with his free hand and made the boy look up, his ice-cold eyes staring into defeated dark ones. "Well?" Luton tried to nod but couldn't move his head. Shek continued to stare down at him. "If, Karek, I see any sign you contemplate it, you will regret you were ever born. I will not damage you so you are unsaleable, but, by the gods, you will be soundly punished. I think you know what that will mean. Do we understand one another?"
Seeing fear deep in the black eyes, Shek released the boy with a stern and knowing smile of satisfaction, unlocked the chain from about Luton's wrist and stood looking at the boy for a few moments.
"Go to Autchek to have your cuts attended to. You have much to do today."
Luton was jerked forward and pushed towards the old warrior who stood a short distance away, closely watching the boy. Humiliation and despair welled in Luton. He savagely dashed tears away. He promised himself he wouldn't cry. The old warrior sighed deeply. He felt the day wasn't far distant when this boy would no longer respond to emotion at all.
They were confined to the cavern for twelve days. They were easier for Luton, even if he was busy. Autchek tended the boy's wounds morning and night and gave him something to drink that helped ease the pain. The boy woke stiff every day for quite a while. The cuts healed and all Luton was left with was sensitivity to any touch and raised scars.
Shek was kinder to him in his rough way, calling Luton over from his mattress of an evening and teaching him to gamble. He was amiably cuffed when he made a mistake, but he never noticed it. Autchek watched the intense dark eyes as they carefully scanned the cards, Luton hoping he made the right move. For a slave to be given wine was unheard of, but Shek passed Luton a cup that he absently filled when he did his own and since it made the boy light-headed, some nights Shek had to guide him across the cavern. Luton was too unsteady on his feet to reach his mattress on his own.
By day Luton was never still, grooming and feeding horses, preparing food, emptying containers of refuse and cleaning out a part of the cavern. He was left alone to get on with his work and felt less stress than for quite some time. He was always a willing worker and obedient, so the other warriors never touched him.
Though he had his gambling winnings confiscated immediately because slaves couldn't own anything, Luton became a shrewd player very quickly. Shek even smiled at him with a marked degree of approval. By the time the weather cleared, Luton was back in his master's good graces.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

Winter came fully to the mountains and as the season peaked, the conditions became atrocious. Slaves died, day after day. The weeks passed as the caravan continued the tortuous climb to the summit of the pass, and Luton's life stayed the same, the boy adapting to as much of a routine as the conditions allowed. He even got used to the cold, in as much as it became part of a slave's unbearable lot. Chilblains bled and seeped and Luton's cracked lips always bled, but he'd ceased to become aware of these things, his main discomforts being feet and hunger.
Only days away from the summit, the warriors again called a halt at a much smaller cavern because the weather showed signs of closing in once more. An incipient blizzard brewed. It looked as if it would be a long halt too. Luton, looking back down the trail at the file of slaves inching their way up the mountain knew that each section of the caravan would have to shelter in whichever cavern they were nearest.
He was ordered to assist getting the chained slaves under shelter. The slope was icy and dangerously slippery. From fear of falling, Luton crawled on his stomach, putting out a hand to support any of the slaves who needed help, and many of them, seriously weakened, did. Some were in a pitiful condition. He'd been ordered to cut loose anyone too far gone and to leave him on the trail, but knew if he did this a man would die quickly and his body would be tossed off the edge by the next ascending part of the caravan.
He couldn't do it. Sweating with effort, Luton helped to pull as each man or boy came closer to him. Towards the end of the line of slaves that would be brought up for shelter, Luton struggled to support the slave closest to him. At the same instant, the man next in line and behind, suddenly grabbed at Luton's arm and pulled the boy perilously near to the precipice. Luton's instinct was to let himself go, but he found he couldn't do that either.
Swearing silently he managed to crawl closer to the wall of ice, his hands still grasping the first man who made no effort to help himself. His chest heaving and aching, Luton bent over the slave only to find sightless eyes stare back at him. Luton breathed rapidly and shallowly in the thin air, and, nearly frozen himself, set about filing the man's chains. As he worked, with his teeth clenched against biting cold, Luton thought how lucky this slave was because for him it was all over. He didn't dare linger, because already he felt ice settle on his face and hair. He pushed himself on.
He was almost at the end of the queue. When he heard a barkashad bawl down to him to leave any stragglers who would later be cut loose and tossed off the trail, Luton saw desperation etched on the faces of the last slaves he had to rescue. He pretended he didn't hear because there were only two more slaves to help up and into the cavern.
Deliberately, he crawled down to them, holding out his hands for them to lean forward, stretch up, and grasp. With all his strength he pulled, squirming backwards along the icy path. As he neared the cavern he paused, then gave a final heave and dragged the two men to the entrance and to safety. As Luton lay there, panting, he felt a whip crack across his back. He knew, as it hit, he was being punished for disobeying an order. Galvanised by searing pain across newly healed cuts, Luton drew his lips back in a snarl, his teeth bared as he staggered to his feet. To avoid being hit the two slaves crawled into the cavern as fast as they could.
Luton turned on the barkashad, one long thin arm grasping the arm that was upraised to strike him again. The boy and man swayed locked together while the assembled slaves watched, their exhausted faces showing awe at Luton's foolhardiness. The overseer was a large and burly man and very strong, whereas Luton was tall, weak and very thin, but driven by such rage he no longer cared what he did.
It didn't take the barkashad long to subdue the boy though Luton continued to fight once he was down. The barkashad called for support. Two barkashads hurried across in response. Finally, they had Luton spread-eagled on the cavern floor, flat on his back, his eyes spitting fire and bitter hatred. The first barkashad rose, his nostrils flared and eyes glittering with fury.
"I'm going to enjoy this, boy," he gloated, spitting down at Luton. Luton tried to turn his head but was held rigid. The spit trickled down one white, thin cheek. "You'll beg for death, my boy," the barkashad promised.
The whip was raised, but didn't fall. Opening dazed and exhausted eyes Luton saw Shek holding the barkashad's arm.
"I flog my own slave," the warrior said in frigid tones. He looked down at Luton and his lip curled. "Not much of a match for you, Bok, was he? Did it need three to subdue him?" The barkashad glared malevolently at Luton then turned resentfully to Shek at the contempt he heard in the warrior's voice. "What exactly did he do?"
The barkashad spat down on Luton again. Shek nodded at the other barkashads to release the boy and then the warrior prodded Luton with his boot.
"Get up!" came the quiet order. Luton got shakily to his feet, brushing at the spittle on his face with a trembling hand. "Well, Karek, what did you do? Answer!"
Luton pointed to the two slaves, then to the outside, before he pointed at the barkashad and shook his head. Amusement crept into Shek's eyes.
"You saved two slaves when you were told to leave them, is that it?" Luton nodded, saw the look of deepening amusement and didn't like it. He tossed his head. "I have offended you have I, Karek?" Shek actually smiled. "Who cares about two slaves? You, maybe, but nobody else. It seems foolish to be flogged for something of no real consequence." Shek looked over at the barkashad, saying calmly, "I shall deal with him, I promise you." The barkashad muttered under his breath and then turned viciously on the nearest slaves.
Shek pushed Luton in front of him and kept pushing the boy until Luton stumbled, tripped and fell. He tried to rise, but a heavy boot on his diaphragm kept him where he was. Shek's voice was still amused.
"I appreciate your concern for fellow slaves, Karek, but you can not be permitted to fight with one of the barkashads whatever you consider to be the provocation. That would set an unfortunate example. Nor do I believe the whip is merited in this instance. You do understand me, do you not?'
Looking down at the sprawled boy Shek noticed the fire was gone from the black eyes, all fight drained from Luton. The boy shook with fatigue. The boot was removed and Luton was led to a discipline pole. Five were always erected at every stop. They were the first thing slaves put up and already three were occupied by hanging figures who’d offended in some way during the day. It was a form of punishment all slaves were familiar with and though it was painful, if prolonged over many hours, it was considered infinitely preferable to a flogging with either whip or cane. Luton was taken to the fourth post.
Luton transcended physical distress for the first time. He found he was outside himself, staring down at a body that hung quite lifeless. He wasn't conscious of pain; indeed, he felt numb, had no sense of actual time and seemed to float in a vacuum that was pleasant. He was happy to be where he was at this moment.
Luton didn't feel the water sponges Autchek pressed to his lips every so often, nor did he see the intent look he received or feel the gentle touch that caressed his face. He never knew Shek was called over to look at him and was unaware the warrior lifted his limply, hanging head. Luton's eyes were wide open but they didn't see.
~~~
Malekim was stooped over an experiment in his study at the time Luton's essence fled to the aethyr. The sorcerer never knew why he raised his head and sensed the unusual, though infinitesimal, disturbance in the outer plane. He stood straight and sent out a scanning probe that sought to put meaning to the fibrillation he felt.
And then he found it. It was a fragile essence that teetered, confused, on one of the closest aethyr lines, not knowing where to turn or how to move in an atmosphere it didn't know. Malekim was intrigued. He was drawn to the delicate emerald green colour that hung there, wavering. He followed its line to a boy who hung on a pole and there he saw a child very like a young boy he'd known, cycles ago, in Ortok. The resemblance to Sarehl was unmistakable.
Malekim withdrew, rubbing his hands with sheer delight, his depthless eyes alight with a ferocious and terrifying gleam.
~~~
Autchek looked gravely over at the hanging figure that hadn't moved for half an hour, then he glanced at Shek.
"I suspect," he said sadly, "that boy is beyond us." Shek looked thoughtfully at Autchek.
"You sense something, Old One. What is he?" Autchek shook his head.
"That I cannot tell you, Shek, but I am sure he is destined for a purpose beyond your understanding or mine. Do not ask me why I know this."
"Is he feeling anything?" Autchek shook his head.
"I do not think so. I have felt, since the morning he went to jump, that something profound was happening to him." Shek frowned.
"He has suffered no more and no less than any other. Some die, some survive. Why should he be so different?" Autchek glanced over at Luton again. He gave an involuntary shiver.
"Shek, the evening you flogged Karek he was going beyond emotion. I saw a child - yes, Shek, that is all that boy is, whether those like you consider otherwise - try to yield to the elements. It did not happen as one would expect. And when you made him promise not to jump, Karek repressed welling tears. I saw him do it. He has taught himself not to respond." He saw Shek stare at him and added almost savagely, "Try to understand. That boy has not reacted in a normal way to any situation he has found himself in, has he?
Something happened to him in Ortok that was so devastating it nearly destroyed his mind and left him unable to speak. He told me, in his own way, that he could speak until the invasion. He survived a fever that should have killed him. In spite of continuous pain and despair, he keeps a promise to someone who nearly killed him and he fears to the core of his being - you, Shek.
He tried to save lives earlier and fought because of it, knowing he could well die himself. I have seen how Karek slips on the path and more than once witnessed how easily he could let himself go. Though the wish is there, he seems unable to." Autchek paused, while Shek eyed him reflectively. "Shek, listen to me. Let me say, again, that when you made that boy promise not to jump, he refused to cry. I can only guess at the state of his mind, but I think, because he has been unable to verbally express continuing anguish, he now closes to pain in an effort to cope. I do not mean just mental pain, I mean physical as well. He becomes, in a very real sense, untouchable. I do not know where he is at the moment, but the gods, I fear, Shek. I have great fear."
"How will we deal with him?" Shek gnawed on his lower lip. "Do you wish me to kill him?" He looked hard at Autchek, his respect for such a venerable seer profound.
"I do not think we can," whispered Autchek. "I am not even sure we Churchik will ever comprehend what we have done." He looked over at Shek and gave a very deep shiver. "For the gods, cut that boy down before it is too late! I truly fear it may be."
Shek looked at the old warrior very hard. He felt a slight shiver of Churchik premonition himself as he did, because he noticed how white Autchek was and how dark his usually light eyes were. Without a word, he strode over to Luton and took him down.
The boy fell in a motionless heap, his eyes still staring unnervingly wide open and blank. Shek bent steeply to lift the very light body into his arms and carried Luton to the mattress against the cavern wall, letting him down unusually gently. He tried to close the staring eyes but they remained starkly open. Instead, Shek checked the boy's breathing that he found to be faint but quite regular.
When Shek returned with orlos, he knelt beside Luton to lift the boy's head in his usual rough fashion. He made the boy repeatedly drink. He heard an inrush of breath, the boy's eyelids flickered and his eyelashes fluttered, sense returning to the black eyes that stared up into Shek's in a bemused way. Shek looked deeply into the eyes but saw nothing but exhaustion. He made Luton finish the orlos and then quietly covered him with cloaks, telling the boy to sleep. When the warrior returned a short time later to check on him, Luton was curled up, his colour normal and his breathing easy; he was deeply asleep.
Shek sought out Autchek and squatted down beside him thoughtfully.
"He is asleep," he told the older warrior.
"Good," was the reply.
"What do we do about him?"
"Just watch him," was the very grim response. "If my fears are right, and I pray they are not, you will simply find he goes back to doing everything he is told, with little reaction to external stimuli." He looked sadly at Shek. "For you it will be good, Shek. You will make a great deal of money from him, and, no doubt the sorcerer would probably do the same to him as we have, but in an even harsher way. Once he is with Blach, he will feel nothing, I believe, so he may well survive. Perhaps, you may have done the boy a service. Gods," he added on a strong shiver. "I hope so. Let us pray that if he survives, he remembers us one day with kindness." The old warrior had tears in his eyes and shook so badly Shek knelt beside him, deep concern in his eyes. He’d never seen the warrior like this.
"You sense something, do you not, Old One?" Autchek grasped Shek's hands, his grip convulsive. His words made little sense to the warrior.
"A warning was sent, aeons ago, through seers and those with farsight, though the origin is obscure." Autchek coughed and went on, "It is ancient, but the words are very clear, Shek. It says: `And the child that is made a shadow shall become a child of the dark.’" He glanced at Shek, his eyes suddenly dark again. "Let us hope it is not so." Shek lifted a goblet of wine to Autchek's lips and made the warrior take a long swallow, Autchek's colour slowly returning as he drank again. "Try not to let the boy go so deep again," he advised the warrior. "And try not to allow any further brutalisation of that child." Shek nodded brusquely.
"I will not."
It was made clear to the overseers that Luton was not to be touched by any of them. It made them snarl if the boy was near but he never seemed to notice them. Autchek watched the boy closely, often with a haunted look in his eyes. Shek observed Luton too. He saw despair sometimes, pain and fear a little, but mostly all he saw was exhaustion and it made the warrior brusquely order the boy to rest earlier of an evening.
Luton found life easier but had gone beyond caring, nor was he aware what happened while he hung on the discipline post. All he knew was awakening with arms and a chest that ached, but as he'd become accustomed to pain of one sort or another, he ignored it. He was aware of dragging tiredness that oppressed him to the point where he found getting through a day a trial of endurance. With the passing days, his tiredness didn't lessen but left him, despite more rest, collapsing onto his mattress at night asleep on his feet.
Shek kept him so busy he'd no time to think of anything but moving from one task to another. He was told he was now responsible for all the warriors' destriers, a job that was strenuous and demanding. He was still expected to attend to all Shek's needs, as well as help with the other slaves on the caravan, tasks that saw him toil backwards and forwards across the cavern with water and food, give out blankets at night and collect them in the morning. He found he had to maintain the huge fire in the centre of the cavern all day and had to be up at dawn before everyone else to ensure it was blazing for the comfort of the warriors' early meal. Luton didn't transcend the physical again. He was too tired to do other than work, eat and sleep, a pattern of life he fell into for all the days they were confined to the cavern.
When the trek to the summit resumed, Luton's workload didn't lessen. He spent most hours of the day slithering on the icy path, hauling loads, pulling slipping, recalcitrant horses and dragging weakened slaves from the precipice. He even became accustomed to the cold that was cruelly biting. Ice overlaid the snow after the blizzard so walking of any kind was hazardous. He could hear avalanches crash in the distance. He even got used to seeing parts of the trail fall away as chunks of ice above the caravan crashed past the very edge of the trail, sheering bits off as they went.
While he struggled, panting and pulling, often sliding back two paces for each step taken forward, Luton could never decide who were the hardest to handle, the horses or the slaves. The top of the pass was reached by his part of the caravan in late winter.
Luton stood there, his breath curling in the air as he looked back to where they'd started the trail. He found it difficult to comprehend that so far distant was what had once been his home. It was irrelevant now. The panorama was awesomely beautiful. To the north were deep valleys and further beyond them, rolling hills, while to the south he saw plains extend for miles that he knew to the southwest turned into desert. Further south was Churchik land. He felt his guts contract at that thought, because it meant the slave market. Even though Luton accepted he was a slave and would probably die as one, he still felt sick fear inside. He pushed it from his mind, continuing to look south.
The alps this day had a deep blue haze about them, with the snow the boy had come to hate invitingly clean and deep. The trail had widened abruptly at the peak, so slaves were once again chained in pairs for the march down the mountains. Luton leaned against the wall of ice, pensively absorbing the beauty that surrounded him. Autchek came and stood quietly beside him, leaning back likewise.
"The air is very thin up here, Karek," he remarked. Luton nodded. "Do you find it beautiful?" The dark head nodded again.
Autchek looked over at the boy. Luton had grown very fast just recently and was almost as tall as a Churchik warrior, nor had the child reached full growth. In another cycle, the old warrior mused, the boy would be as tall as himself, Luton pitifully thin, with an abnormal frailty that never left the boy after the fever. Sometimes, Autchek thought with a shiver, the boy seemed wraithlike, his hair grown long though Shek cut it often enough, and the lovely eyes clouded. Luton never smiled and he still couldn't speak. He made himself plainly understood. No one could pretend they hadn't understood him.
Under Autchek's care the cuts from the flogging healed, but Luton would always bear scars from shoulders to hips. He asked for nothing and expected nothing. He obeyed Shek without hesitation and absolutely, as acquiescent as he'd ever been. Autchek thought the docility Shek spoke of was more apathy, but he made no comment. He continued to observe the boy, trying to read the oddly very attractive and appealing face. Luton looked up, a question in his eyes.
"Yes, Karek?" asked Autchek with a smile. Luton pointed to himself and then to the warrior. "Why am I watching you?" Luton nodded, without responding to the encouraging smile. Autchek felt sad as he spoke, because he saw nothing but tired apprehension in the dark eyes. "You have grown very much taller, have you not?"
The head nodded again and turned away. Stifling a sigh, Autchek pushed himself erect and walked away, unaware of wistful black eyes that followed him.
The trek down the mountain was easier because it was the end of winter. The further down they went, the less they skidded on hard-packed ice and the more they slipped in soft snowdrifts. Green shoots appeared through the whiteness on the path and Luton could see trees rear up below them, their branches bowed with snow. It was a breath-taking view that made Luton's life, as he trudged daily lower down the mountain, less harsh and unrelentingly cruel. He found breathing easier and seemed to accomplish his tasks more quickly.
Halfway down the mountain they came to the beginnings of forest. Where the snow had melted, there were meadows of early spring flowers. Water, melted from ice, thundered down streams become torrents. The sun had more warmth and the days lengthened. Though Luton didn't know it, he was now fourteen cycles.
This evening, they pitched camp in one of the meadows. Luton had to run from one task to another. After he finished his round of the slaves he tended the horses, had to ensure that everything was set up as Shek would want, and then, once the warriors were fed, he was casually dismissed for the time being. The boy lay back on the grass, more at ease than he'd been for seasons, his eyes lazily watching the clouds roll above him in a darkening sky.
It was while he lay there that he felt a mental intrusion that was like someone carefully sliced open his mind. He opened his mouth to try vainly to scream, his hands clasped to his head for protection, and got an instant mental slap that nearly knocked him unconscious. The probing was delicate and expert. It made the boy remember things he never wished to recall. The sensation lasted for only a matter of minutes, but it left him more shaken and terrified than anything Shek ever did to him.
He lay there quivering and trying to get his breath, wondering, in the depths of his fear, if indeed this was the man to whom he'd be enslaved. Instinctively, he knew it was. Slowly he calmed, but the terror didn't completely pass. He closed his eyes. He went to sleep. Shek found him out on the grass and shaking him awake, bade him come into the unsel for the night.
The weeks wandering along the meandering trail through the forest and meadows was a respite for everyone in the caravan. Luton looked healthier despite the paleness that seemed to be part of the boy, and there was less stress in the thin face. He loved the trees and flowers and was often found crouched by a stream, meditatively watching the eddying currents. He'd trail his hand in the crystal clear water, then scoop some to his mouth.
He lounged on a boulder early in the morning on the day the Churchik riders arrived, so he didn't know they'd come. He dreamily watched scurrying leaves float past, until he heard himself sharply hailed by Shek and was curtly bidden to bestir himself. Resignedly he crossed the stones. He anticipated another long day.
Reluctantly, he clambered up the bank, stood in front of Shek and waited for the warrior to speak or give orders. Shek looked hard at Luton. The warrior grasped his wrist with some urgency and made the boy almost run back to the camp where he was brought to a halt at Shek's unsel. There, five Churchik warriors stood in a group, two of them holding the reins of six horses.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

Leaning on sticks, Sarehl walked confidently, though still somewhat erratically. He covered considerably more ground as well and could walk, without support, for short distances. It took him painfully long to develop strength in his legs and he struggled against impatience, curbing his desire to push himself too fast. He was unaware he walked with much less weight on his sticks though Kaleb saw the improvement.
Sarehl became conscious of a commotion some distance behind him. He had difficulty turning around, but when he did he saw a large group of horsemen rein in, dismount, and laugh among themselves, and once he got close enough to discern the riders more clearly, Sarehl thought some of them bore a resemblance to Ensore. He looked at them with interest. By the time he reached them, the garrulous riders had tethered their horses and were beginning to tease two of the foresters busy putting on water to boil for the preparation of more mulled wine. One of the newcomers poked at the fire at the same time as he bid his fellow riders quieten. When Sarehl hobbled over to the fire this man looked up, giving Sarehl a long and appraising look. It wasn't unfriendly. It was curious. The rider rose to his feet and held out his hand.
"Eli," he greeted Sarehl. "Pleased to meet you."
"Sarehl," responded Sarehl, grinning and briefly taking the hand before releasing it. He made a guess. "Are you looking for Ensore, by any chance?"
"As it happens, yes we are," agreed the rider. He glanced at Sarehl again. "Do you know where he is?"
"Yes," replied Sarehl, his grin widening. "He's a couple of clearings away instructing my younger brother in swordsmanship."
"Is he now?" asked Eli with a reflective frown, a faint trace of annoyance in his voice. "Now why would he do that, do you think, instead of being with us?" Sarehl now leaned very heavily on his sticks. His balance wavered.
"It's a very long story," he answered quietly. "Could you please help me sit?" Eli looked up at Sarehl again and when he saw the furrow of pain on the man's forehead, he stepped forward instantly.
"I’m sorry," he said in a mortified tone. "I didn't mean to be so thoughtless."
He carefully removed the sticks, holding Sarehl steady as he helped the very tall man to a chair. Sarehl sank into it with relief and thanks.
"Ensore and my brother should be back shortly," he assured Eli with a smile. "They usually are. I was on my way to meet them when I heard your arrival."
"You've obviously suffered severe injuries," said Eli, glancing briefly down at Sarehl and aware for the first time of the scar that ran down this man's face. He turned back to the fire. He poked it vigorously. "Are you nearly recovered?"
"If I could stride about again I would be," sighed Sarehl, "but Kaleb tells me I'll always have a limp." Eli's head came up, his eyes intent.
"Kaleb’s here?" he asked quickly.
Sarehl nodded, saying calmly, "He stayed behind when the camp went north, mainly I suspect to help me."
"Well, well, well," mused Eli abstractedly.
He went back to bothering the fire while Sarehl watched him. The other riders were just settling at their ease and responding to the orders of an older man, when Eli leapt to his feet and strode forward. Sarehl half-turned in his chair. Emerging from the trees, both Ensore and Daxel stopped in their tracks for a moment, before Ensore moved forward to Eli.
"What in the name of the gods?" he exclaimed, grasping Eli by the shoulder. His eyes darkened anxiously. "Why are you here? Has anything happened to Kasan?"
"No, Kasan's well and there's nothing else. What I want to know, brother, is why you haven't come back to lead your men."
"Brother?" asked Daxel in astonishment, now standing beside Ensore, dark eyes alive with curiosity. Eli looked across at him.
"And who might you be, young sprig?" he asked. Giving an embarrassed cough, Daxel took a step back, but Ensore came to his rescue by turning to smile reassuringly at him. He looked then at Eli.
"Have you met Sarehl - ah, yes I see you must have done. This lad, then, is his brother Dase. Once you see them together the familial resemblance is unmistakable. Come forward, lad, and meet my brother Eli." Daxel shyly shook Eli's hand and then retreated back another step again.
"Gods, since when have you started being a nursemaid?" asked Eli in lively surprise. Daxel flinched. He felt Ensore's hand rest firmly on his shoulder.
"Strive for conduct," the forester suggested, the hint of a warning in his voice. "You haven't told me why you're here."
"Looking for you, brother," chuckled Eli. "What else?"
"Why are you looking for me?" Eli shook Ensore's arm playfully.
"You've been gone a long time, Ens, with no word to anyone, and you wonder when a rescue party comes for you?"
"You would've known if anything had happened to me," Ensore said quietly. Daxel thought the forester didn't sound pleased.
"Not necessarily, brother. Strange times we're living in, remember? You're very necessary to us. Or have you forgotten?" There was a decided edge to Ensore's voice as he answered.
"No, I haven't forgotten. Perhaps we should postpone discussion until later when we can have a chance to talk." He released Daxel. "Lad, you can do as you wish, but don't wander far."
Daxel accepted the dismissal and immediately crossed to sit beside his brother. Sarehl watched Eli and Ensore in some amusement. One was serious and thoughtful, the other like quicksilver and impulsive. Now that he saw them together, Sarehl couldn't doubt they were brothers with their similar lineaments, chestnut hair and beards, and gray eyes. There the resemblance ended.
He couldn't hear the ensuing conversation. He courteously turned his attention instead to the other riders who now clustered about the brothers. What became apparent was that Ensore was no ordinary forester. Both the men and his brother, the latter belatedly, treated Ensore with inordinate respect and almost reverence. This intrigued Sarehl. Daxel, though, simply lounged back against Sarehl's chair and went quietly to sleep. Sarehl watched as Ensore spoke with first one man and then another, the forester calm but clearly in the habit of command. As Sarehl continued to sit and observe, Kaleb came up and crouched beside him, watching likewise.
"Kaleb, you've explaining to do," murmured Sarehl. Kaleb didn't respond immediately, then he prevaricated.
"In what way?" he asked provocatively.
"Eli knows you very well. Where from, Kaleb?"
"We've been together off and on for some time," was the evasive comment.
"Why do I feel you aren't being honest with me?"
"Ensore bade me hold my peace," admitted the healer ruefully smiling, "though why, I don't know. It makes no difference to you, does it, rank or title?" Sarehl laughed.
"None at all. We had none where I come from."
"I think," said Kaleb, regarding Ensore thoughtfully, "he'd prefer that."
"Who is he?"
"He's the Chamah of his people."
"Enlighten me, Kaleb."
"He's both the spiritual and temporal ruler of his people," the healer quietly explained.
"I thought the Churchik eliminated him," replied Sarehl, his eyebrows raised.
"They did. Ensore's father was executed. Both sons escaped, as did Ensore's young sister, Kasan. The rest of his family didn't. Many of them were slaughtered."
"Why didn't he tell me who he is?" mused Sarehl, puzzled.
"He preferred his anonymity, my friend." Kaleb looked over at Ensore again. "Can you blame him for wanting to be accepted for what he is, rather than for his role in a very highly structured and stifling society?"
"No, I can't say I do," admitted Sarehl honestly. "Where does all this leave him?"
"Ensore will decide for himself," laughed Kaleb. "He always does. He'll make an unusual Chamah."
~~~
Sarehl didn't see Ensore again until later in the day, by which time it was early evening. All the riders were busy setting up camp and looking after tired horses, while some now helped the foresters prepare a late meal. Daxel, pressed into willing service, happily did whatever was asked of him. The riders fascinated him, though he was baffled by their constant reference to Ensore as `my lord', assumed it was a courtesy title and thought no more about it.
Ensore found Sarehl, an empty plate beside him, still seated reflectively staring into the fire, so the forester sat down on the ground beside him. They sat in companionable silence for quite a long time, watching the flicker of the flames. When Ensore did speak there was constraint in his voice.
"What did Kaleb tell you?" Sarehl's answer was simple.
"Who you are."
"I wish he'd not done so."
"It makes no difference to me," came Sarehl's deep voice in reassurance.
"No," Ensore agreed, on a sigh. "I preferred things the way they were."
"They would've come to an end, sooner or later."
"I know," murmured Ensore." What appeals to me about your society is that one just is."
"What's left of it," returned Sarehl, with a trace of bitterness.
"Aye, my friend, there is that." There was a long pause before Ensore spoke again. "Sarehl, I can't leave here yet." There was an urgent undertone to the forester's voice. "There's so much more we have to do. As you've taught yourself to do, we have to think like the Churchik. You seem to have an uncanny insight into their mindset and as you say, they have strengths we should learn from. I know," he added hesitantly, "what you and your people suffered, and no one grieves for all of you more than I do, but we must learn from it. Dahkilans were hurt too. You, Sarehl, understand the Churchik - gods know how you do, but we need you. You have the mind of a tactician. You comprehend strategy. You can organise and plan instant countermoves almost as you speak, as if you have some rare gift of understanding other men don't possess, certainly not to such a degree. I've been waiting for you, aware what you can offer us, all of us, but now with Eli -." He stopped, then whispered vehemently, "Damn him!"
"I'm still here and able to offer help," said Sarehl quietly. "There's time, isn't there?" Ensore shook his head.
"It seems Lodestok’s begun to move northwards. Eli says provisioning is well under way to follow the army. The remains of Ortok are garrisoned." A look of unease crossed Sarehl's face.
"What will you do?" he asked, turning to look at his friend's profile.
"We can't hasten your recovery, my friend," answered Ensore, suddenly aware of Sarehl's scrutiny. He turned to him with a smile. "We'll continue our military discussions as before. We’ll also continue with plans you've laid out, Sarehl - but would you mind if Eli joined us? And Ongwin? I value his judgment."
"Not at all," replied Sarehl. "And I'm stronger than you think."
"No, you're not," said a voice beside him. Kaleb held down a cup. Sarehl took the goblet and drank without argument, his eyelashes blinked rapidly and his shoulders slumped. As Kaleb walked away, Eli strolled over casually to stand beside his brother.
"What now?" he asked cheerfully. Ensore indicated Sarehl.
"Can you help me get him to Kaleb's tent?" Cocking an amused eyebrow at Sarehl, Eli nodded. Both men had to keep a firm hold of him.
"What's he been drinking?" asked Eli in a whisper.
"Something of Kaleb's," answered his brother. "I don't know what it is and I'm not asking. It makes Sarehl very relaxed and consequently easier to handle." Eli sounded very surprised.
"Is he that recalcitrant? He seems very amiable to me."
"He's extremely stubborn," was the comment in reply.
"Gods, I'd hate to have Kaleb deal with me," countered Eli. "You'd never know what he'd do to you from one minute to the next."
When they reached Kaleb's tent, Sarehl was carefully lowered onto the mattress. Kaleb was waiting. In an instant, Sarehl was asleep. Kaleb quietly shifted the lantern so that it wouldn't cast light on the scarred face. The three men stood looking down, until Ensore suggested they all go back to the fire, but Eli stayed a little longer, staring down very thoughtfully.
"From what you've told me, brother, that's a very courageous man." Ensore looked across at Eli.
"Yes," he said simply. "He is."
"You hold him in deep respect and affection, don't you?"
"Yes, I do."
"And you, Kaleb?' The healer came out of the shadows.
"Had I not nursed him," he responded, "I'd still do anything for him. I know I wouldn't have survived what he has. I think your brother's right," he added, rubbing his beard.
"What's that?" Eli looked from one to the other.
"That Sarehl has a unique talent that may help in time to turn the tide against the warlord. I don't know. It’s just a feeling I have." The healer ended abruptly, then said quickly, "Where's Dase?"
“With Keit, learning to play Starquon," offered Eli.
"Gods," muttered Ensore. "He's much too young to be gambling."
Ensore found Daxel, flushed and triumphant from having thrown successful dice among men entertaining themselves before they ate. Ensore crouched down beside him, quietly helping him until the end of the game.
"Your brother's asleep, youngster," Ensore said gently. "I think you should be too." Daxel scuffed his foot nervously in the dirt.
"Yes, my lord." Ensore stared at him, thinking he'd seldom seen the boy look so miserable.
"What did you call me?" he demanded.
"The men said you were called `my lord'," came the answer. "I didn't know. We don't have titles at home.” Ensore looked hard at the boy.
"Dase!" he said persuasively. Daxel raised his head tentatively. "Call me `my lord' once more and I'll beat you." Daxel's head came right up. "You've called me Ensore for seasons. I'd much prefer you keep things as they were." There was palpable relief on the young face, but also deep curiosity.
"Are you a lord and why didn't you tell us?" Ensore answered only part of the question.
"For my sins, lad, yes I am, but let's not pursue the matter. What I want to ask you, as you accompany me to my tent," as he spoke Ensore had the boy on his feet and was pushing him in the right direction, "is why you never told me you're an identical twin." He heard the sharp intake of breath. "Well?"
"It makes me sad to think about it." There was a distinct break in the young voice. "I miss Lute because we're very close, you see." Daxel hesitated. "I can't feel him, or touch his mind, which is my mind too. It's as if he's not there, but I know he is and that he's been very badly hurt." There was now a sob in Daxel's voice. "He's not trying to reach me, so I know someone with power must have him, or else he's so hurt that -." The voice quavered. "Lute's not dead - I'd know if he was - but it feels as if part of him is." Daxel stopped, then began again. "Ensore, I’ll call for the rest of my life. I’ll never be fully alive, or even fully me, until I find Lute. If he dies, something in me will too – I doubt life will mean much then. I’d have no wish to live as only half a being." Ensore put a gentle hand on the boy's shoulder to propel him forward.
"Have you told Kaleb all this, lad?" Daxel shook his head and wiped at tears that touched his cheeks. "I think you should, because he may be able to help. He's from a race that has the ability to seek and read minds. Will you promise to see him tomorrow?"
Daxel nodded and nothing more was said. Ensore turned away, frowning.
Late meal was eaten under the stars and was accompanied by much lazy laughter and amused teasing. After food was well washed down by copious amounts of wine or ale, a new game of starquon got under way. Betting was heavy and the mulled wine fast disappeared. Ensore joined in, prepared to be entertained. The night became well advanced as one game succeeded another, the talk and laughter unrestrained.
By now Ensore was a mere observer. He watched both his brother and his private guard with enjoyment. Kaleb leaned back on a tree stump with his eyes closed. Ensore knew if danger threatened, the men would be sober in an instant. It was obvious the other foresters enjoyed the added company, Kalor, for one, chuckling heartily as he scooped up money from the centre of the circle.
Conversation became general and invariably turned to the Churchik. Ensore paid little attention until one of his guards made a casual reference to Lodestok. Not making any effort to concentrate, he listened with half an ear.
"Qual saw the warlord's boy from a distance a while back," said a voice that was faintly slurred. The speaker had obviously been imbibing freely. "That poor child must have a devilish life with such a man."
"Lodestok's a sadist where boys are concerned," commented Eli in disgust. "A few die, but mostly he passes them on for indiscriminate use by other warriors. It'd be preferable to die."
"Not necessarily," said another voice. "Staking or crucifixion is no preference, though apparently that’s rare."
"He has boy slave pens for his pleasure," mumbled Eli, turning to his brother.
"So I heard," came Ensore's deep voice.
"We hear this latest boy's become an obsession," said Qual. "They say he's supposed to be out of the common way and has outlasted any others. I must admit I only saw a lad from afar, in company with a warrior, but he looked pretty enough and quite slender, almost built like a girl."
"He'd have to be unusual," remarked Eli coldly, "to survive more than a few nights with Lodestok."
"Has anyone actually seen this boy close up? Is he a southern lad?" asked someone else.
"I have," said a voice towards the back of the group clustered about the ebbing fire. "Or I think it was probably the same lad you speak of, Qual." Eli turned around, peering in the direction of the speaker. "And he's not a southern lad either, northern or Ortokian, I'd say."
"When did you see him?" asked Eli, surprised.
"That more daring raid we did, if you recall, my lord," came the laughing response.
"Oh that, yes," said Eli hurriedly, looking quickly at his brother. He saw Ensore's raised eyebrow and knew an explanation would have to be forthcoming on the morrow. "Is the boy so attractive then?"
"Yes," said Terrin unexpectedly. "He's about as beautiful as a boy of his age could be. To be honest, I'd forgotten him, poor lad he is."
"Tell us about him," suggested Eli, in an indolent voice. "Is he the slave boy you mentioned, held and chained in the pavilion, the one you tried to help?"
"Aye, my lord. That's the one," concurred Terrin, scratching his beard. "He's a tall boy for the eleven or twelve cycles I'd judge the lad to be. He's got long, curly, dark hair and the most vividly expressive, purple eyes you can imagine set in the prettiest face. I can quite see why the warlord's so captivated - the lad has the most soulful way about him." There was a general buzz of comment and speculation until Terrin said casually, his mouth partly full of wine, "He looks like the lad with you, my lord, except this other one doesn't have the black eyes and could well be a brother to the lame man you're befriending - though very much prettier," he added consideringly. Ensore cut through the chatter, his voice like a knife.
"What's that boy's name?" His voice made everyone quiet and uncomfortable. Kaleb sat rigid, his eyes on the forester's face, dawning horror in his own.
"It couldn't be," he whispered. "Dear gods, it couldn't." Ensore's answer was cold and his expression grimly forbidding.
"Couldn't it, Kaleb? Think, just think of Terrin's description and what we know. A beautiful child with soulful, purple eyes?" He turned to his brother. "Where were the slave pens, Eli?"
Eli looked sideways at his brother, but described the pens' location with such accuracy and clarity, Ensore had no doubts about who the warlord's boy was. Sarehl had been placed beside a pen that once held his beloved younger brother. Suddenly, their friend's appalling nightmares came into sharp, cruel focus. It became clear that Bethel must have been removed from a pen before Sarehl was lifted and taken a distance away to where he was left to die, and the boy taken, presumably, to the warlord. Kaleb was quite pale and his voice shook.
"Not that, please the gods! Not now, when he's doing so well."
"That's the recurring nightmare, Kaleb, isn’t it, always hearing the boy next to him and unable to help. Now we know."
"Would someone like to tell me what's going on?" Eli asked, a slightly irritated note to his voice. He and the other men listened in silence as Ensore spoke. No one spoke after him for a long time. It was Kaleb who broke the quiet.
"Sarehl described him as not just a physically lovely boy, but as very gentle and sweet-tempered. Why is it that life must be such a cruel irony?"
"How the gods do we tell Sarehl?" demanded Eli. Ensore shook his head.
"We don't."
"He'll have to be told," said Kaleb sadly, "but not yet. Ensore's quite right. Give me more time to help Sarehl continue to rebuild his strength. He's too emotionally fragile still to have to confront this. Ens, promise me you'll keep your men quiet about this, with nothing said to either brother. Dase - that poor child only now shows signs of recovery."
"Nothing will be said," said Eli sharply. "Be assured of that." Ensore stared across to Terrin.
"You said, at that stage, the lad was healthy?"
"Yes, my lord. I think he has a wretched life, but he's managed to survive." He paused. "He looked very frightened and intimidated, but that could've been because a warrior had him in a strong grip round his neck." He saw Ensore's look. "The child wears a slave torc, my lord, a very richly ornamented one. He also wears a gold chain about the ankles. He couldn't run to me and I'd no time to fight for him."
"Where in the camp was this?" demanded Ensore, turning his head to Kalor who offered him more wine. His brother intervened hastily.
"He may have strengths his older brother knows nothing about," suggested Eli, reorienting the conversation adroitly.
"That's almost certain if he's living with Lodestok," was Ensore's dry comment. He eyed Terrin speculatively before his glance transferred to Eli then back again. "Did you get the boy's name, Terrin?"
"No, my lord, but I can find out easily enough."
"Do that, Terrin, and let me know."
"Aye, my lord."
No one felt inclined for further conversation and individually the foresters and riders dispersed, to leave Kaleb and Ensore alone.
"It's Bethel, isn't it?" asked the healer heavily.
"I don't think there can be any doubt," agreed Ensore.
"There's nothing we can do to help the boy now the warlord's got him, is there?" Ensore shook his head.
"If Lodestok's chosen to keep the boy as a slave, as it seems he has, the child will be carefully guarded. The warlord takes good care of his own."
"Will he survive, do you think?"
"Sarehl did," responded Ensore. "We can only hope this lad, having been with the warlord for a cycle or so, does too."
"What the boy must have gone through."
"Don't!" said the forester curtly. "He must have adjusted to some degree or he wouldn't still be alive. It sounds to me as if he's every bit as courageous as his eldest brother."
The two men sat in silence, watching the fire die and mulling thoughts over to themselves. Finally, Ensore stirred, and, standing, stretched before bidding the healer a restful sleep. Ensore noticed Terrin on duty outside his tent and smiled at him in a resigned fashion.
"Good night, Terrin."
"Good night, my lord."


CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

At first light, Daxel stirred because he heard the forester moving about in the tent. He yawned, but made no effort to rise. Ensore walked over to the campfire, acknowledged the early morning salutes of his guards and squatted stiffly in front of the blaze. Eli was already there, stirring a large pot with one hand and drinking heartily from a mug held with the other.
"Mug of spiced mead, brother?" he enquired cheerfully, grinning across at Ensore.
"Aye," responded the forester rather absently. "You're very bright for so early in the morning," he added, stifling a yawn. He took the mug. "Thank you."
"Where's the boy?" Ensore took a mouthful before answering.
"Probably still asleep."
"I'd have thought this lot would've woken him," suggested Eli, stirring the huge pot more vigorously.
"Try getting a boy that age out of his bed and see how you do," responded Ensore, drinking deeply and edging closer to the fire. "I know they say this is mid spring, but there's still a bite to the air first thing, isn't there?" Eli looked over his shoulder.
"Old age getting to you, big brother?"
"Don't be cheeky," rebuked his brother with a grin. Eli began ladling from the pot.
"Food up!" he called out loudly. He pushed a bowl towards Ensore, shoving in a spoon just before Ensore picked it up. Eli held out a pot of honey as well. "Pour some of that over it, Ens, and you'll find it very palatable. It's a sort of Norsham porridge, they tell me." Ensore did so, then dipped his spoon into the bowl and took a tentative mouthful.
He looked up surprised and then gave a chuckle, saying teasingly, "So domesticated, little brother? This is very good."
After Ensore completed his meal, he turned his head to study Eli. Aware of the scrutiny Eli turned to face Ensore and smiled in response, though he saw a serious look behind the smile in his elder brother's eyes. He waited in a little trepidation. Ensore's next words made him wince.
"You're going to tell me about the raid Terrin mentioned last night, youngster, aren't you?"
"Oh that," was the insouciant response. "There was nothing in that."
"You will, however, enlighten me."
"There's not much to tell." Ensore felt his brother's nonchalance was studied. He continued to observe Eli who turned back to the fire, saying impatiently, "It was just another raid."
"Apparently not," contradicted Ensore softly. "How could Terrin see Bethel so closely on a typical raid? The boy wouldn't be permitted to wander on the perimeter of the camp. He'd be kept relatively close to his master and under, I'd assume, fairly strict watch." Eli gave a smothered exclamation. "And didn't I hear someone say the lad was guarded and held by a warrior?"
"Gods," swore Eli. "Why can't people leave well enough alone?"
"Because, little brother, I suspect you did something both very silly and foolhardy. Am I correct?" The look Eli cast his brother was half-defiant and half-apologetic.
"Oh aye, we went right into the camp."
Ensore drew in his breath, saying in a voice of quiet control, "Why?" Eli looked surprised.
"To shake them up a little," he replied, fixing Ensore with a grin. "They'd been having it all their way for too long." Ensore didn't return the smile.
"Do you realise the danger that entailed, Eli?" At his irate tone, he saw the look on Eli's face. "Do you, little brother? Is that all you could think to do while I wasn't there?"
"Well, you weren't there," was the almost sulky reply.
Ensore's guards hadn't been privileged to hear their Chamah-Elect dress anyone down for many seasons, but now they listened, in awed and appreciative silence, while Eli had to take what his brother, in exceedingly wrathful tones, had to say. After Ensore fell silent, Eli turned a huffy shoulder and moved away to Ensore's left. Ensore was so angry that for a few moments he did nothing other than glare at Eli's back, then he moved across to his brother and spoke very gently.
"I shouldn't have left you as I did. It was wrong of me. There didn't seem to be any alternative at the time. I feel what Sarehl offers us more than justifies what I did. To be blunt, brother, I'd have done the same thing, purely as one humane person to another." He put a placating hand on Eli's shoulder. Eli spoke very quietly, his hand up to cover his brother's.
"I thought at first we'd lost you, Ens, and I ceased to care. I missed you very much and Kas was gone. I know I acted on the spur of the moment, endangering myself and everyone with me. I'm sorry. I'm just so relieved to find you safe and well." The two brothers stood together, outlined against a lightening dawn sky.
"No harm was done," said Ensore, heaving a tired sigh. "At least you found the boy."
"You're not telling -."
"No, "interrupted Ensore. "Sarehl needs time. He's very fond of that boy who's as a son to him, and at the moment..." The forester's voice trailed off, then he began again. "You'll come to our discussion this morning, won't you? I'd like to hear your opinion. And bring Ongwin. He should be there as the most senior man. Our father would be profoundly relieved he survived to continue as guide to his sons, wouldn't he?"
As he spoke and saw the sudden grin lighten Eli's rather tired expression, Ensore lifted his hand from his brother's shoulder and moved away towards Kaleb's tent. Eli became aware of someone next to him and looked around to find Ongwin calmly surveying him.
"What's got him so rattled, Eli?"
"That damned boy with Lodestok," Eli replied, watching the older man stretch.
"Is there anything else?"
"Yes, damn, there is. Here's Ensore playing nurse to a boy and deeply concerned about that crippled man. I accept everything told me yesterday, but it doesn't explain why he's waited here for so long. Can you think why?" Ongwin shrugged.
"He almost seems to feel obliged, doesn't he?" he mused. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man of middle years with a ready smile and sparkling eyes.
"How can someone like a Chamah feel obliged?" asked Eli surprised.
"An unusual emotion for a Chamah, do you think?"
"Well it is, isn't it?" Ongwin chewed on the end of his beard, a smile touching eyes suddenly sombre.
"Possibly, but this man, Sarehl you call him, makes our Chamah think, that much is clear. Perhaps Ens feels there's something he can learn from him."
"Unlikely," snorted Eli, turning away but adding, "No offence to the man, of course, but what could he teach a Chamah?"
Ongwin kept his observations to himself, watching as Eli began to collect discarded bowls then walk away. He shook his head at the young man and went about his business.
Ongwin was consumed by curiosity. He'd served under Ensore's father for most of his youth and into middle age. It was he who'd been instrumental in getting the Chamah's children to immediate safety, while he remained. He stayed until he saw the Chamah's execution begin at the hands of Churchik warriors; only then did Ongwin tearfully follow the young ones into exile. Like many of the Dakhilan Curule who'd also escaped, Ongwin was determined he'd live to see the day the Chamah's son came home to his rightful consecration and inheritance.
What now intrigued Ongwin was Ensore's behaviour over Sarehl. He was less surprised than Eli by Ensore's care of a child, the older man seeing immediately how paternal that was. It amused Ongwin that the boy could see no fault in his mentor.
But Sarehl was different. Ongwin watched quietly from the background. Neither Eli nor Ensore spoke to him of the young man, but Ongwin was a shrewd observer and he noticed a number of things about this scarred northman. Ongwin saw an exceptionally tall and gaunt young man, scarcely past youth, who’d suffered much. The scar that healed on Sarehl's face might well have killed him, and the dragging limp with sticks suggested the man still recovered from grievous injuries.
Ongwin studied the young face too. It was fine-boned, though there was a strong jaw-line under the black silky beard; the mouth was firm and the eyes deeply thoughtful. A pensive, almost sad aura clung to Sarehl in an indefinable way. Though the young man limped heavily he was graceful, and Ongwin noticed, as Ensore had done before him, that Sarehl had dignity. Ongwin could understand why Ensore was drawn to Sarehl; there was considerable charm about the young man, with very obvious mutual respect and affection between the two men. At one stage Sarehl looked over at Ongwin, aware of the older man's scrutiny, but the return look he gave, though quite courteous and inoffensive, was long and uncomfortably penetrating. There was certainly something quite different about Sarehl, of that Ongwin was sure.
This morning, as he sat on the seat provided in Ensore's tent, Ongwin saw Sarehl quietly survey him. He watched as the young man limped painfully in, without sticks for support, and eased himself onto a seat very slowly. As their eyes met, Sarehl's black eyes smiled in a gentle welcome and instinctively Ongwin found himself responding. Eli lounged at his ease, while Ensore and Kaleb were seated side by side, their heads bent. Ongwin felt this was going to be an instructive morning. The foresters sat around comfortably, simply ready to again listen to proposals.
As Ensore looked up, he heard a sound behind him, rose and crossed to a pallet at the other side of the tent. Ongwin hadn't seen the somnolent form lying there, so didn't expect to see a boy stumble to his feet in obedience to Ensore's command. He watched with interest. The boy was knuckling his eyes one minute, then catching a tunic thrown at him the next.
"Gods," muttered Ensore, looking hard at Daxel. "I thought you'd got up long ago."
Daxel yawned and pulled the tunic over a very tousled head. Ongwin noticed the boy was already very tall for one so young and very thin like his older brother. On a second look, Ongwin realised how very like Sarehl in appearance this boy was, with the same black curly hair and black eyes. However, where the boy was vital, Sarehl was subdued. Ongwin caught Sarehl's eyes again and held out his hand.
"I'm Ongwin."
"I'm Sarehl. Ensore's spoken of you." Sarehl shook the hand, then released it. "He has much respect for you. You are, I gather, an old family friend."
"Servant of the late Chamah." With a smile at the older man, Sarehl turned towards Daxel.
"What are you doing?" he queried, watching as the boy suddenly dived to the ground to retrieve his belt. "Buckle that on, lad, and come here to meet a friend of Ensore's. Ongwin, my younger brother Dase. Dase, this is Ongwin."
Ongwin noticed the boy had an openness about him and no courtly affectation as afflicted so many Dakhilah young. He briefly took the proffered hand, noting how the boy bent his head as a mark of deference from a younger man to an older man, then, as soon as the boy was introduced, he took a step back.
Ensore pulled over a table. Eli got up to help and together they got the table to where the healer wanted it. As soon as they were all seated around it, Kaleb poured wine into five goblets, though Ongwin, watching idly, saw the healer tip a powder unobtrusively into one of the goblets. It was quietly mixed in with the wine and the goblet handed directly to Sarehl before the other goblets were distributed. As Ongwin observed how closely the healer watched Sarehl, he suddenly realised the young man was still undergoing treatment and began to wonder just how seriously injured Sarehl had been.
Ensore and Sarehl busily spread sheets of figures and drawings out across the table. They also had two unrolled maps with goblets placed on the ends to keep them open. Ensore looked up with a smile.
"Sarehl and I've been talking over a period of weeks now," he began, "on how we might possibly do more damage to the Churchik army." He leaned across to Sarehl and put his hand on his friend's shoulder. "You explain to them, my friend, and see what they have to say."
Ongwin focused his attention on Sarehl. As Sarehl talked, Ongwin felt drawn to what the young man proposed. He thought the old Chamah would have entirely approved of Sarehl. The young man spoke of organisation, concerted attacks, specific targets, reconnaissance and leadership. He had a sound grasp of strategy and tactics and clearly understood the need for manoeuvrability, quick and reliable communications, and the availability and accessibility of supplies. For one who'd served all his life, until recently, in a highly structured society, Ongwin found Sarehl's advice a relief. He could have blessed this young man. The disorderly rabble down south who went on random sorties against the enemy gave Ongwin nightmares.
So he sat back and listened, every so often nodding his head quickly with approval. He also watched Ensore who'd interpolate comments as he deemed fit, supporting Sarehl in his use of figures and drawings to illustrate arguments. Ongwin thought Sarehl well comprehended the enormity of what he proposed, but he seemed completely undaunted and had an extraordinarily flexible mind that could absorb and adapt at truly incredible speed.
Ongwin also noticed that every so often, when Sarehl seemed to slow down or blink rapidly, Kaleb was there to offer the goblet with the drugged wine. Soon after Sarehl drank, Ongwin would see the tired strain fade from the black eyes that sparkled anew with infectious enthusiasm. The young man was clearly still convalescent. Ongwin suspected that was why Ensore was still here and hadn't returned north.
Ongwin wondered how long Ensore was forced to wait before Sarehl recovered to the stage he was at today, though, with each passing minute, he felt the pieces of the puzzle fall into place. He began to understand why Ensore respected this young man. Sarehl's brain was like a machine that worked continually in high gear, his thoughts and presentation clear, concise and devastatingly sensible. He used unarguable logic. He was a highly perceptive and intelligent man, and also seemed quite oddly and acutely intuitive too, as if he sensed what another thought and could counter it instantly.
And, reflected Ongwin, raising his goblet, Sarehl was right about all the wasted energy and resources of ill-disciplined groups seeking nothing other than revenge. Ongwin watched as Kaleb gave Sarehl his goblet yet again, amused by the young man's hard look at the liquid and then at the healer.
"Have you -?" Sarehl began, breaking from the discourse he'd embarked upon. Kaleb threw up a hand.
"Now would I?" he protested. "Can you in all honesty tell me there's anything wrong with your wine?"
"No," said Sarehl suspiciously, "but why are you making me drink so frequently?"
"My affection for you, boy. What else?" returned Kaleb.
When Ensore and Ongwin began to laugh, Sarehl gave in and joined them, pushing a curly long strand back from his forehead. He tossed down the wine and handed the goblet to Kaleb.
During this interlude, Eli was thinking hard and now suggested consideringly, looking at one of the plans, "It would be a huge number of men you're proposing to bring together. They'd have to be thoroughly organised in some way, with levels of command and responsibility, right from the very start."
"Exactly," beamed Sarehl, trying to pull a sheet from under one of the goblets. Ensore did it for him and spread it out, watching as Ongwin and Eli leaned forward interestedly. "This," continued Sarehl, "is what I outlined to Ensore. Briefly it's this. Detail can follow later. There are two variables, but Ensore preferred one option over another. Eli, your and Ongwin's opinions are crucial because you're both directly from the front as it were."
Again Ongwin listened while Sarehl went on to speak of chains of command and, in most cases, but not all, separating the foot from the horse. Sarehl felt that on occasion combined horse and foot could be militarily effective and Ongwin was inclined to agree, where Eli didn't. Ongwin liked the suggestion that ethnic groups all be controlled and organised along identical lines, but agreed that they should be encouraged to keep their own leaders to whom they could owe loyalty and allegiance. He strongly believed, as Ensore and Sarehl did, that an overall commander was essential.
Sarehl then talked of commands. First, he said, you needed a man to command six or up to ten companies of foot. Four or five squads of horse should be under the command of another man of commensurate authority, with this split in command between horse and foot carried on down the line. Below these two men, in rank, would be a leader of a company comprising one hundred and fifty to three hundred men, or a squadron of around one hundred and fifty horse.
Eli and Ongwin calculated they would have about ten to fourteen cavalry companies to start with made up of Dakhilan, needing someone in command of each. There would be considerably more companies of foot. They both went very quiet as Sarehl continued, each man's eyes deeply thoughtful. Below in authority again, would be a man who'd be responsible for each sub-division of a company, either a platoon of foot or a troop of horse. Sarehl explained that these men would be directly responsible to their immediate seniors in rank. The last group in authority would have a sub-ordinate role in the company and be responsible to the man in charge of each sub-division.
Eli rubbed his beard and looked across at Ensore.
"It would work," he said quietly, "if it could be done. We'd have a lot of convincing to do, especially on the acceptance of one man as a leader. Ongwin?" Ongwin shrugged, unprepared to comment at this stage.
"And what about discipline?" enquired Kaleb. "You put that disparate lot together and you may have a potential problem or two." Sarehl shook his head.
"Not as much," he argued, "if you keep your ethnic groups individual. The same structure, but with their own leader." Ongwin nodded and this time he did speak. Respect and admiration for Sarehl showed in his eyes as they rested on the younger man.
"It would work. Just think about it. Dakhilan would fight under me or you, Eli, and certainly for you, Ensore, but Sarehl's correct. They'd be reluctant to take orders from, say, an Ortokian commander." Ongwin saw a delighted smile cross Sarehl's face and looked enquiringly at him.
"We had no military in our city-state," explained Sarehl. "I can't conceive of an Ortokian commander." Ongwin hesitated.
"But you know what I mean, young man." Sarehl nodded. He leaned across the table.
"We were absolutely hopeless against the Churchik. I have to admit that men of learning don't fight very well."
"I think," said Ongwin, looking hard at Sarehl, "had circumstances been different, you'd have made a very fine young commander whom men would willingly follow." He saw a look of genuine surprise and gratification on Sarehl's face and said no more.
"No one's explained discipline," complained Eli, with a droll glance at Sarehl. "Shouldn't we think of that too?"
"I asked about it," put in Kaleb mildly.
"You'd have a separate office for that," offered Ensore. "It would be for one who'd be responsible to those directly under the overall commander."
"You could do that, yes," agreed Eli, and added, "You'd have to have names for all those levels of command, to avoid confusion."
"Ensore tells me the Sushi have a chain of command we could use," Sarehl offered, turning his head to the forester with a smile. "I read of it as a child in Ortokian histories of northern Ambros. We could do worse than follow it."
"What is it?" asked Ongwin curiously.
"They have a marshal, who oversees all field matters and who's in overall command." Sarehl paused briefly, then went on. "Linked in authority with him, I'd place a strategist whose role would be exactly that and advice. The marshal, in Sushi terms, is followed in direct order of rank, by ronens, captains and quasors, with the man responsible for discipline requiring a title. That I haven't yet considered."
"But I have," chuckled Eli, glancing mischievously at Ongwin. "Ens, do you remember when we were small and our father thought we needed discipline but was too busy to administer it himself?" Ensore caught Ongwin's eye and began to laugh at the older man's look of discomfiture.
"Ah, Ongwin, times have caught up with you," he chuckled. Ongwin glanced helplessly at Sarehl.
"I had to do something with them," he excused himself.
"Ongwin would read from the volumes of the legal system of Dakhilah," said Eli. "Then he'd make us recite everything, until we were word perfect. Only then would he let us go."
"Was it effective?" asked Sarehl, highly entertained.
"Yes," acknowledged Ensore. "Very."
Eli muttered gloomily, "By the time I was twelve cycles, I could recite our laws backwards. I still can."
"So how does this give us a title for our army?" asked Kaleb amused.
"The codified laws of Dakhilah are called the Domona," said Ongwin, grinning at the look on Eli's face.
"You think the title should be domona?"
"No," said Ensore. "It sounds too like a northern girl's name."
"Domon," suggested Sarehl quietly. "It's short, easy to remember and has a ring to it."
There was instant approval and a short break while Kaleb refilled empty goblets. It was Ongwin who brought them back to the discussion they'd begun.
"Do the Sushi follow all you've so far outlined, Sarehl?"
"Not entirely. They have their ethnic groups mixed, but I think we should keep them individual for the reasons we discussed earlier."
There was another long silence, while the five men drank and three of them grappled with the suggestions they'd heard so far. The other foresters, who had sat quietly, without comment, now took part in an animated discussion with Eli. Glancing at Sarehl again, Ongwin thought the young man suddenly looked very tired. Obviously Ensore thought the same thing, because he began to scoop up sheets and had already carefully rolled up the maps they'd been perusing. Sarehl went to protest, but then thought better of it. Ensore looked down at him.
"No more, my friend," he said gently. "You've given us a lot to think about for the moment."
Downing the last of his wine, Ongwin stared more closely at Sarehl; he could’ve sworn the young man had paled in the last few minutes. He saw the imperceptible jerk of Ensore's head and rose to excuse himself, making up a reason for taking Eli with him. The foresters promptly followed. Within minutes, Ensore joined them and they walked in silence towards the centre of the small camp where men worked on horses and Daxel sharpened knives. Eli left them to make his way purposefully over to Daxel.
Ongwin looked sideways at Ensore, saying evenly, "Are you going to tell me about Sarehl, my lord, or do I guess?" Ensore smiled at him, a keen expression behind the smile.
"What would you like to know, Ongwin?"
"Just how badly was that lad hurt?" Ensore frowned heavily.
"Very," he responded curtly. "I see I'll have to tell you all I know of him, or I'll have no peace."
"He interests me very much," admitted Ongwin grimly. "Kalor and Sache said he would."
"I thought he probably would too. Shall we sit and talk?"
With Ensore so amenable, Ongwin led the way to the sluggish fire that he kicked with a booted foot. Ongwin watched Ensore unobtrusively as the forester outlined how he'd found Sarehl, what he knew of the young man's background and his explanation for why he'd remained with Sarehl for so long. When Ensore fell silent, Ongwin drew in a deep breath, staring off into the distance for a long while to gather his thoughts. Ensore lounged back onto his elbows, one leg stretched out and the other raised at the knee. He seemed disinclined for further conversation. Finally, it was Ongwin who broke the silence.
"How old would he be?" he asked softly. "He can't be much beyond boyhood."
"I judge no more than twenty-one cycles, at the most. Dase tells me Sarehl wasn’t yet twenty cycles when Ortok was attacked."
"Younger than Eli."
"Aye."
"Will he heal beyond how we see him today?" Ensore pursed his lips thoughtfully before answering.
"Kaleb believes he'll gradually increase in strength as he's done already, though he tells me there'll always be weakness in Sarehl's left hip and in both legs. He’ll also always have a limp. Apart from that, Kaleb seems sure he'll once again lead a normal life. Even," added Ensore with a faint smile, "the scar is much less noticeable."
"I'm surprised he's alive," commented Ongwin.
"A lesser man wouldn't be," returned Ensore. Ongwin nodded in agreement, turning his gaze to where Eli helped Daxel finish sharpening the knives.
"And that boy, what of him?" Ensore frowned.
"He had a bad time of it too. He and his little brother were apparently brought in unconscious. Both of them were in shock, I gather, and Dase has severe scarring from burns on his feet." Ongwin's expression softened as his eyes rested on the thin figure that worked so industriously sharpening knives.
"Where’s the little brother then?"
"No one knows," replied Ensore, in a pensive voice. "He was most likely sent north to one of the orphan camps. There was so much confusion at the time, no can be sure of anything."
"I hope they find him."
"In time, doubtless they will. We've no knowledge of that lad's," Ensore nodded over towards Daxel, "twin brother either." Ongwin looked startled, and raised a mobile eyebrow at Ensore.
"His twin?" he repeated.
"Apparently he has one," murmured Ensore quietly. "There's no comfort there for the boy either. He says he knows Luton isn't dead but knows he's hurt, even though they can't reach each other." Ensore got to his feet. "I've never fully comprehended what being a twin must be like, but I understand the suffering of one is shared by the other, especially by identical twins such as Lute and Dase. Dase seeks his brother every day. It must make life doubly difficult, don't you think?"
Ongwin had automatically risen when Ensore did and now stood ruminatively, asking carefully, "What do you and Sarehl plan for the boy?"
"I'm still thinking on that one," came the non-committal reply.
Ensore began walking towards Daxel, so Ongwin fell into step beside him. Just before they reached the boy, Ensore turned his head to Ongwin.
"You'll seriously consider what you heard this morning, won't you?" he asked.
"Certainly, my lord," was the prompt response. "I was very impressed." The smile was back in Ensore's eyes.
"I thought you would be," he said calmly. Then his gray eyes shifted to rest on Eli who flexed one of the swords Daxel now picked up. "And what about him, Ongwin? Was he impressed?"
"Aye, my lord. Against his will, mind you, but aye, he's thinking hard." Ensore gave a low laugh and strode forward to Daxel.
"Well, you lazy pup," he greeted him indolently. "Have you finished?"
Ongwin watched the young face upturned in greeting and admiration. It made him pensive. Once Daxel wandered off with Eli and Kalor, Ensore knew Ongwin was next to him again and looked thoughtfully at the older man.
Ongwin said composedly, "What, my lord, do you plan for the boy? You mean a great deal to him. Are you bringing him north with you?" Ensore continued to look where Daxel had gone and sighed.
"Kaleb and Sarehl think that'd be best," he admitted, in a tired voice.
"And you, my lord, what do you think?"
"I'm simply not sure, Ongwin. He's so young - only a boy."
"He's surprisingly mature for his cycles," observed Ongwin, thinking how very surprised he was when told the boy was barely fourteen cycles. "Who," he continued quietly, "would be responsible for him if he went north?" Ensore's eyes went wide with surprise.
"Why me, my dear man, who else?"
"Will you have time for him, my lord?"
"You're not raising obstacles, are you?" enquired Ensore sheepishly. Ongwin smiled broadly.
"Not at all, my lord. As you say, he's very young and couldn't just be left to amuse himself. Trouble comes quickly to boys of his age."
"Gods," agreed Ensore, momentarily baffled. He glanced speculatively at Ongwin, a look the older man didn't miss.
"Yes, my lord, as you're about to say, I’ve dealt with boys his age before. That's what you were going to suggest, isn't it?" Ensore burst out laughing.
"Damn you, Ongwin. Am I so easy to read?"
"I've known you from the day you were born, my lord," answered Ongwin, a lurking smile in his eyes. "And you've much of your late father in you as well." Ensore nodded and went contemplative for a long minute.
"You've not heard Sarehl on communications," he murmured provocatively. "We could use boys as young as Daxel to act as messengers, well back from any line of action, of course. He says if we had a network of trained, reliable boys riding as couriers from one point to another, it would relieve men for fighting. I wonder if that's what Sarehl had in mind for Daxel all along?" As he listened to Ensore, Ongwin was quite sure it was exactly what that young man had in mind.
He said tentatively, "How would Eli react to that, my lord?"
"I've no idea," replied Ensore blandly. "No doubt he'll tell us in his own good time."
~~~
Eli was impressed both with Sarehl and Daxel. He confided to his brother that he thought Daxel would shape into a very competent officer if given the chance, and admitted Sarehl was well worth listening to. Ensore said nothing in response, and, as the meal progressed, was content to sit back and listen as Eli and Ongwin outlined Sarehl's proposals to the men. The other foresters, already cognisant of and supportive of proposals, lounged back without offering any further comment.
There was much lively debate and argument, but the consensus was very positive, the counter arguments canvassing a wide range of ideas. Sifting through them all, Ensore could perceive one significant area of concern, implementation. His guard consistently questioned the morality of imposing any new order on people who had their own ways of doing things.
It was Eli who surprisingly put that argument into perspective, by saying bluntly,
"None of us are in a position to argue morality." There was an astonished silence, into which Eli continued. "We're in a situation that demands we take whatever action's necessary to ensure our survival. I'll only accept the argument of morality when I'm comfortably ensconced in my own country, with no overlord demanding tribute from our people. Morality's a luxury I can't afford at the moment." He paused, then added with his roguish twinkle, "Sarehl's quite right."
"Well, well, well," breathed Ensore to a bemused Ongwin. "Now who'd have thought it?"
The discussion then followed the line of how best to reorganise the Dakhilan men, before there could be any suggestion to other groups who already worked randomly in the forest. When the talk briefly stilled the guard, Eli and Ongwin, all turned to look at Ensore. He acknowledged it with a rueful lift of his eyebrows, aware too of Daxel's upturned face. He made no effort to speak.
Ongwin broke the silence, by saying steadily, "My lord, you'd have to be Marshal." There was a chorus of assent but Ensore frowned heavily. When he spoke, he did so deliberately.
"We should, I suggest, take one step at a time."
"I agree, my lord," concurred Ongwin quickly, with a shake of his head at Eli, and his eyes coming back to rest on Ensore.
"We should begin by organising our own men as Sarehl suggests. Once the others see us successfully working as military units, they may well follow."
"Possibly, my lord," said Ongwin, also frowning deeply. "But if they don't?"
"We're the biggest force en masse at the moment, aren't we, brother?" asked Eli, collecting the gravy in his bowl with a large hunk of bread.
"Aye," answered Ensore noncommittally.
"Then it goes, doesn't it," continued Eli, holding the bread to his mouth, "that if necessary, we could enforce a new order?" Ongwin's frown became ferocious. Ensore held up his hand.
"Aye, brother, we could but it'd be very unwise. I think, don't you, Ongwin, that we should invite the leaders of all the groups to a discussion such as we've had and ask for opinions and advice where their own people are concerned?"
"Yes, my lord," agreed Ongwin with relief, his frown lightening.
"And tell them," went on Ensore, "what we propose to do ourselves and initially invite them to join us?"
"I suppose," muttered Eli with his mouth full, "that we can but try." Ensore looked over at him affectionately.
"Indeed that's all we can do, little brother."
He exchanged glances with Ongwin, who lowered his head to hide a smile.


CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

Over the next few weeks it was clear Eli's initial scepticism gave way to an avid interest in anything Sarehl propounded. Often Ensore found him walking slowly in company with Sarehl, asking questions, shaking his head, or more often than not laughing in concert with the tall young Ortokian. Ensore reminded Eli that Sarehl shouldn't be overtaxed and made his brother promise not to haunt Kaleb's tent when Sarehl was supposed to rest.
As the days passed, Sarehl's continuing suggestions were the main talking point among all the men. They gained increased acceptance. Ongwin was clearly delighted and became anxious to return further northwest to effect changes. Ensore saw Sarehl become stronger with each succeeding day.
One morning, as Sarehl limped from a meal in front of the fire, Kaleb called to him. He responded with a cheerful wave. As Kaleb drew closer, Sarehl thought the little healer looked unusually grave and met the sombre eyes with sudden concern mirrored in his own. Kaleb gently took one of Sarehl's arms, suggesting quietly that they return to their tent, so, amicably, Sarehl turned and they went at his pace in silence. Looking thoughtfully at Kaleb, Sarehl eased himself onto the mattress.
"What are you trying to tell me, kindest of friends?" he asked, a trifle uneasily. Kaleb gave a bleak smile and pulled out a stool.
"This isn't easy for me to say, Sarehl, but it's time you knew. Bethel's alive." Sarehl's look back at him was measured and intent.
"How long have you known?" Kaleb fidgeted.
"A season, Sarehl. Terrin told us of him."
"Why haven't you told me?"
"You weren't ready to be told the truth," was Kaleb's blunt reply.
"Tell me now," said Sarehl, his voice low.
"Lodestok's got him."
"Gods," whispered Sarehl looking away, such pain in his eyes Kaleb actually winced. "How long's he had him?" There was a distinct break in the deep voice.
"Nearly two cycles." Kaleb poured out two goblets of wine and handed one to Sarehl.
"How's he survived such brutality?" whispered Sarehl, absently taking the goblet.
"That we don't know. His courage is obviously equal to your own."
"The warlord takes boys. Is that what he's done with Bethel?"
"Yes."
"And he still has him now?"
"Yes." Sarehl was white and his eyes distressed.
"For how long will he want him?" The anguish in the voice was unbearable. Kaleb expected this to be hard. It was.
"Sarehl, the warlord usually keeps a boy for no more than a day or two, but, contrary to all expectations, he's kept Bethel for nearly two cycles. We believe he's obsessed by the boy. It's what may save his life."
"What life?" threw back Sarehl. "He's a toy and must wonder from day to day whether he'll be alive on the morrow. Oh gods, I wish Lodestok had killed him."
Ensore quietly entered. Sarehl gave a gasp and abruptly dropped the goblet.
"What in the gods -?" the forester began.
"Bethel," said Kaleb succinctly.
Sarehl sat huddled in his cloak, seemingly unaware of the two men beside him. He began to weep. There were no deep wrenching sobs, the tears just rolling down his cheeks without Sarehl even being conscious of them. His two friends respectfully bent their heads and waited, both men aware they'd never seen Sarehl weep with grief as he now did. They felt helpless. The tears stopped as quickly as they'd come, Sarehl's voice barely audible. Kaleb filled Sarehl’s goblet and held it down.
"Thank you for telling me, Kaleb. I know it wasn't easy."
"Drink the wine," said Ensore calmly. "It'll steady you. We know what the boy means to you, Sarehl, and we'd have done anything not to have to tell you this. I'm so deeply sorry."
"Beth -," Sarehl's voice broke as he stumbled over the name. "Such a dreamy, gentle and innocent boy. Or," he added, profound sadness in his voice, "he was. He was the sweetest boy."
"Sarehl, he's still alive. That tells its own tale. Perhaps he has more of you in him than you think. He must be a very courageous boy."
"So Kaleb said." Sarehl rubbed a hand across his scar, then drank again. "There's nothing we can do for him, is there?"
"Not at this time," said Kaleb, rising. "We did think of alternatives, but the boy's well guarded. We wouldn't be able to reach him."
"Does Dase know?"
"Not yet."
"I can't tell him. He won't entirely understand. Should I -." Sarehl broke off.
"No you shouldn't," interrupted Ensore, exchanging glances with the healer. "I'll tell the boy all he's needful of knowing. You need have no worries." Ensore went on. "And you're not to fret over this, Sarehl. Now you know, there's nothing you can do. Just be thankful the lad's alive."
"I must I suppose," whispered Sarehl, in a disconsolate tone.
 Ensore quietly got to his feet. His hand rested briefly on Sarehl's shoulder. He signalled to Kaleb as he left the tent, knowing the healer followed him, and then he simply stood silently beside Kaleb, unwilling to say anything about the grief he'd just witnessed. He ran a hand across his chestnut beard. It was only the sigh from the healer that made Ensore look quickly down. He didn't recall seeing Kaleb's shoulders look as stooped as they were now.
"Kaleb, don’t blame yourself. He had to know about Bethel sooner or later."
"I accept that," muttered Kaleb, adding fiercely, "Never has Sarehl wept on his own behalf as he now cries for that boy. It shakes me in a way I haven't experienced for cycles. I just wish there was something we could do."
"There is," said Ensore. "You can help him adjust and accept as no one else can. Even with the best will on Ambros, I don't have, as you do, the necessary skills to help relieve Sarehl's agony of mind."
Kaleb hesitated, then said tentatively, "It's as if Sarehl actually senses, or even experiences, what his brothers go through - a heightened sense if you will. I wonder if it's that unusual ability that makes him have such cruel nightmares because he lives things as others don't." Kaleb scratched a cheek. "It's very hard to explain."
"No," said Ensore quietly. "Ongwin said something very like it not long ago, as if Sarehl actually anticipates as well. It's an oddity as part of a very unusual man."
"I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels these things," muttered Kaleb, a hand going across his eyes.
Sarehl and Ensore didn't discuss Bethel again. Though Ensore sometimes saw pain reflected in the black eyes, he never knew if it was Sarehl's legs, or distress for his brother that caused it. He'd learned early that Sarehl withdrew noticeably into himself whenever his family was mentioned. Anyone who didn't know the man may have thought perhaps Sarehl no longer cared. Ensore knew better. He just concentrated on teaching Sarehl to ride, even though the man was only able to sit astride for very short periods to begin with, and at other times he kept his discussions to military or general matters.
~~~
Six weeks after Eli and his guard joined them in the camp, Ensore became aware Sarehl walked tall in a way none had seen him do, the stooped frailty associated with the man for so long gone. His frame looked less gaunt, he tired less easily and his limp was less heavy. Sarehl looked younger too, his eyes keen and alert, and most pleasing of all for the healer and the foresters, was to hear the ready laugh as summer fully came to central Ambros. Ensore had much pleasure from Sarehl's companionship. He dreaded the inevitable and looming separation.
As they wandered amicably through the brush this afternoon, Ensore was unusually silent and preoccupied.
Sarehl looked across at him, asking in his gentle way, "What is it, Ens?"
"You're so good for me, young friend, do you realise that?"
"Why's that? I know friendship's a rare and precious gift - I cherish ours." Ensore pulled at his beard.
"So do I. It's just that where I come from, as Kaleb's probably told you, all life is rigidly structured and my existence is wrapped in protocol. Once I leave here I'll scarcely be able to breathe without causing anxiety to my guard." Ensore stopped walking and leaned against a tree, his eyes closing and a wistful sigh escaping him. Sarehl rested likewise, only his eyes remained thoughtfully on the man opposite.
"Is it so bad?"
"Stifling," assured Ensore. "It's been so from the time of my birth and my acceptance by the Curule and Cu-Imans as Chamah-Elect. I was barely a season old. Since then my every breath was monitored and every move I made guarded and analysed. I must confess it was a relief to escape that. Here, with you and the others, I've felt more alive than I've done in all my twenty-nine cycles. You don't give a damn about my birth, or my titles, or anything material associated with me, do you?"
"No, I don't." Sarehl sounded apologetic. "I don't know about privilege by birth, so how can I care about it in others? I do, though, care that you're allowed to continue to breathe, and I'll tell Ongwin so." There was a distinct look of mischief in the dark eyes that met opening and rueful gray ones.
"In Dakhilah, I could never relax as I'm able to do here, nor is it easy to feel able to trust. With you, Sarehl, there's always trust, isn't there?"
"Always," replied Sarehl simply.
"You've no expectations of me, have you?"
"None at all. You're a man like any other." Ensore ran his hand through his thick and wavy chestnut hair.
"There you see, my friend, is the difference between your people and mine. To you, I'm Ensore, nothing more nor less. To my guard and my people, I'm not just a mortal man. The son of the Chamah is many things to his people, but he doesn't exist as an individual in his own right."
"He does to me," said Sarehl quite softly. "And he always will. He's Ensore."
"That's why," went on Ensore deliberately, "I'll return to wherever you are, as often as I can." He paused. "Too often those in my position don't have friends, such as you, Kalor and Kaleb, to whom they can turn. They become remote objects, at the will of their people."
"You won't," objected Sarehl. "You've already been outside your country longer than any Chamah before you and for long enough to have other perspectives on life. You may well change the very structure of the society that bred you. I know if Ortok should ever exist again, it'll be a city that'll not just be one of learning. There'd always be an armed force ready to defend it." Sarehl hesitated, then continued thoughtfully, "Ensore, experience teaches us, painfully, that perhaps change has to come and may in the long term be for the best. I don't know if that’s so, because I find it difficult to perceive anything seriously wrong with the way Ortok was structured.
Perhaps it was that we believed too easily in the inherent goodness of Ambrosians and that was our fatal and misguided mistake. We believed, too, that reason would always prevail. We learned that's simply not so. Maybe what you and yours have learned will help to make Dakhilans more outward looking and receptive to new ideas, as will Samars. We’ll all be forced to change."
Ensore's frown lifted as he straightened and looked ahead. He joined Sarehl who limped forward, linked arms with him and together they retraced their steps, chatting and gesticulating. Ongwin saw them return to the camp and smiled as he watched them argue, laugh and then laugh some more.
Two days later Ensore woke Daxel earlier than usual, telling the boy to hasten because there was much to do in the way of preparation if they were to move north shortly. Daxel scampered about obeying all the orders flung at him, later collapsing by the fire that was now only used for cooking for the midsun meal. The boy was very quiet all morning, his eyes going to the tall forester in a wistful way every so often.
Ensore came to the fireside with a full plate in one hand and a goblet in the other. He stood quietly above Daxel, staring thoughtfully down at him.
"Have you eaten, lad?" he asked calmly.
Daxel looked up and then down quickly, nodding his head. Ensore got down beside him and stretched himself out comfortably so that he could apply himself to his food. Daxel kept his head lowered. Ensore thought the boy's shoulders were bowed.
"Lad," he said, after he'd taken the edge off his hunger. He stared pensively at the young expectant face, seeing behind the bright eyes the fear that Daxel thought he might still be left behind. "We're leaving tomorrow for the northwest." Ensore saw the quivering lips and added quickly, "Yes, lad, you're coming with me, so you needn't look so like an anxious pup." Replete, Ensore rose and took two strides directly to Daxel. "You're to obey me implicitly in all things after we leave your brother, Dase. Sarehl's entrusted you to my care and I take that responsibility very seriously. You're extremely precious to Sarehl, lad. Do you understand?"
Black eyes, so like Sarehl's, looked directly and unflinchingly into Ensore's, the forester suddenly conscious how much this boy had grown in one and a half cycles. Ensore was also acutely aware, that even with his height, Daxel was still only a boy and very vulnerable. He waited for the deep gruff voice to answer him.
"Yes, I understand."
"You'll find, at times, I'm preoccupied and at those times you'll also obey both Eli and Ongwin, without hesitation."
"Yes." Perceptive gray eyes held the dark ones for a long moment and then Ensore nodded briskly.
"Then we clearly understand one another." Daxel nodded. "I suggest you spend as much time with your brother as you can. It may be some time before you see him again. Go now!"
~~~
Ensore sought Sarehl who was quietly discussing manoeuvres and the uses of information networks with Eli and Sache. Ensore stood next to them, listening to Sarehl with a good deal of amusement.
"Does your brain ever rest?" he asked. Sarehl paused, turned his head and, seeing Ensore, gave a mischievous grin.
"Never," he responded with a twinkle. "This is merely what you and I chatted about seasons ago."
"You're incorrigible," mocked Ensore, smiling affably at his brother and Sache. "What shall I do to have my wits honed once we're no longer together?" He put a hand on Sarehl's arm as he spoke and saw the younger man turn to face him, a question in his eyes.
"Is it time?"
"Aye, Sar, it is." Sarehl stared across at the forester and put one of his hands over Ensore's.
"I'll miss you," he said, with a good deal of feeling. "You've done so much for me."
"I'll miss you, Sarehl, more than you know." Ensore stood silent and still, then suddenly added, "At least with your idea of couriers we'll be in communication on a regular basis."
“Oh, aye. I’ll keep working on the plans and send them to you.” Ensore grinned. He gripped Sarehl's shoulders and looked deeply into the black eyes.
"Don't over-stretch your strength, my young friend, and I promise you no harm will come to the boy. May your mission north prosper. I'll await your news with interest."
"You, in turn, will advise me of your progress, Ens, won't you?"
"Constantly seeking your advice, more belike," muttered Ensore. "There's so much to do and remember. I know I'd forget had you not written so much for us."
~~~
They found Kaleb quietly cursing as he screwed lids on bottles and packed away bandages. Giving a sigh, he looked up at the two men.
"Things have got in something of a mess," he explained. "If we're to move at dawn there's much to be done." Ensore and Sarehl looked at each other.
"Who told him?" asked Sarehl. Ensore shrugged.
"How do you know?"
"You can sense the change in people," replied Kaleb, pulling a knot tight with his teeth. He looked up at Ensore. "Is it at dawn tomorrow?"
"Yes, at first light."
"And the boy?"
"He goes with me."
"That's good." Kaleb gave a satisfied smile. "He'll do much better with you, than he would with us. A trek north on a diplomatic mission wouldn't suit him at all."
"I take your point," said Ensore, giving the healer a long look that Kaleb held. "And you, naturally, will go with Sarehl."
"Of course," said the healer affably. "I may expect him to use his commonsense, but it doesn't mean he will, does it?" He heard the indignant intake of breath from Sarehl, but ignored it. "And," he continued, "you've left him in my care, haven't you?"
~~~
Sarehl didn’t expect it would be easy to farewell his brother. It wasn't. That evening, Daxel came tentatively to the entrance of Kaleb's tent where Sarehl rested alone.
"Sar," he murmured softly. "Sar, are you awake?"
"Of course I am, little brother. Come in." Sarehl lay on his pallet wide awake, his dark eyes thoughtful. He looked up at the boy who stood beside him, then patted the edge of the mattress invitingly. "Won't you sit with me?" As Daxel did, he leaned forward and flung his arms around his older brother, his head rested on Sarehl's chest. Sarehl held the boy very tightly, whispering gently, "It's all right, Dase, I do understand. You've been trying to talk with me ever since Ensore told you of the move, haven't you?"
There was a muffled sound, but Daxel made no response. Sarehl remained still, cradling the dark head that slipped into his lap, and waited patiently until the boy lifted his head.
"It's not," Daxel hiccupped as he tried to explain, "that I want to leave you." Sarehl eased Daxel onto the mattress and let the boy lean on his shoulder.
"You don't have to tell me that," he said quietly. He handed the boy a cloth. Daxel coughed twice to clear a husky throat and wiped his cheeks.
"I lost you once, Sar. I can't bear to lose you again." Daxel coughed and rubbed his hand across his nose.
"You won't, Dase," Sarehl assured him. "Communications to be set up will make it so much easier for us to know what's happening, and I promise to write regularly. Ongwin tells me he'll turn you into a fluent correspondent as well." He saw Daxel's face and grinned. "I really think you thought school was finished for you, didn't you?"
"Not with Ongwin around," was the resigned reply. "Ensore's already told me I can expect to spend much of my time studying to make up for lost time." Sarehl changed the subject gently.
"When you're a little older you'll make an excellent courier, Dase. You ride extremely well."
"You can thank Arth for that." There was a long pause. "Where are you going, Sar?" Sarehl took his time answering.
"All," he began slowly, "the Samar city states, but one, have fallen to the warlord. I have to leave the forest, briefly, if I'm to reach Lenten before the Churchik army. It’s not far. They won't be any more of a match for Lodestok than we were, but at least they can evacuate in an orderly way. Hopefully they can wait to join up with our new force once it gets further north."
"And after that, big brother, where will you go? Will you come to us?" Sarehl shook his head, unaware that he touched his scar as he'd begun to do when he was thinking.
"Ensore thinks I should move on to Mythos after that."
"Mythos?" echoed Daxel. "Where's that?"
"It's the major city of Cartok. I'm to meet with their ruler, called an Ustomi. His name’s Hambe. My appeal for help must be directly to him. He has a very large army indeed, one that's formidable, but even it wouldn't hold the Churchik back by itself. Ensore tells me the Cartokians are fierce fighters and highly disciplined in informal fighting as well. They understand guerrilla tactics." Sarehl gave a sigh and pushed long curly strands from his forehead. Daxel now sat upright and stared very hard at his brother.
"Can you do this?" he asked, his brow furrowed.
"I don't honestly know, Dase. Ensore thinks I can. We'll pray he's right."
"And if you don't persuade this - Ustomi, is it? - what then?"
"I'll move further north again to Taki. It is the main city of Sushi, a large dukedom, where Ensore's sister resides as the guest of Nakron. I'd have to go there irrespective of the Cartokians, but I must admit I'd no idea the Dakhilan had commercial interests so far north. Because Sushi has a large standing army it's my task to persuade them to come to our support. They must be told the warlord will deal with them as he's dealt with everybody else. It’ll be no easy task, Dase, but I'll do all I can."
"Their armies would be a great help."
"Aye, Dase, we need all the help we can get. They're all so much better equipped to confront the warlord than we were. We were so easy to conquer. We even naively thought we could talk reason to a man like Lodestok."
"Won't these other people too?" Sarehl shook his head.
"No, Dase, not after they clearly understand the state of much of central and southern Ambros. They'll be forced to make a stand one way or the other, with or without us. Their lack of trust between each other in the north may, unbelievably, be of value to them now, because they don't need to start from nothing to create an army as we do. Mistrust from long ago led them to have fortified towns and cities. Whatever happens, I have to go north to tell the rulers there of the power of the Churchik advance."
Sarehl looked keenly at his brother, seeking the rare signs of the boy. When the boy wept, his older brother saw the child of two cycles ago and instinctively responded as he'd done with each of his brothers and sister in Ortok. And Daxel responded as the child from Ortok, but only for that brief moment of grief. Usually these days the only boyishness in Daxel was in the eagerness, the occasional bubbling excitement, the flashing and endearing grin and the outbursts of laughter. In repose, the young face was set with hardness to the eyes and mouth. Too old too soon, thought Sarehl inwardly, recognising the condition in himself as well.
His thoughts were broken by Daxel saying, "Must you go so far away?"
"Yes, little brother, we believe I must."
"Why must it be you?"
"Dear boy, I can't fight, and anyway people about us seem to think I can be an ambassador for our cause." Sarehl paused, then he gave a spontaneous laugh. "Ensore thinks I'll make an excellent envoy. He's even given me an old southern title to help me along."
"Has he? What is it?"
"Strategos." Sarehl ruffled Daxel's hair affectionately. "Means as little to you as it does to me, Dase. Well, Ensore thinks it'll help my cause because these states are as keen on protocol as Ensore's own."
"He's a king, isn't he?"
"Sort of," admitted Sarehl. "Though," he added ruminatively, with a gleam in his eye, "I think he'd prefer not to be."
"I'd hate it," said Daxel flatly. "His guard's always around him, or not far away, and they defer to him in everything."
"As you'll do, little brother." Daxel heard the note of caution and lifted his chin a little. He looked speculatively at Sarehl.
"Is that an order, Sar?" Sarehl took one of the boy's hands in his and gripped it very hard.
"Yes, Dase, it is."
"Oh well," responded Daxel, his eyes not holding that uncomfortable stare from Sarehl. "I was going to anyway. I think if I disobeyed Ensore he wouldn't hesitate to beat me."
"Possibly," murmured Sarehl, his eyes warm now with amusement. There was a long silence.
Daxel broke it, saying hesitantly, "Ensore told me about Bethel, Sar." Sarehl didn't answer. "He's alive, big brother. Doesn't that make you feel better?" Looking across at Daxel with a tight smile, Sarehl forced himself to respond suitably.
"Of course it does, lad, though slavery is something I hate to see inflicted on any of you."
"Are all the warlord's prisoners slaves, Sar?"
"Most of them, lad, yes."
More questions followed, mainly in connection with their younger brother, until Sarehl managed to reassure Daxel on anything the boy thought to ask concerning Bethel. Then Sarehl steered Daxel on to a less distressing topic by asking him which horse he was being given to ride. The next while was spent agreeably by Daxel chattering about horses, the guards, and especially about Eli. Sarehl watched and listened, ruefully accepting that circumstances had forced the boy to outgrow his elder brother to some extent. Daxel wanted to be a fighter and he wanted to be among men who were. The boy liked Eli and worshipped Ensore, so, thought Sarehl wearily, as long as they were his models, Daxel couldn't go wrong.
When Daxel paused, Sarehl said quietly, "I may be able to find Brue as I travel north. Had you thought of that?"
"Do you think you will?"
"I'm hopeful of finding him somewhere in one of the orphan camps, Dase, because I'll pass close to a few, where you won't. The little fellow's been on his own for two cycles. I wonder if he'll even recognise me?"
"Course he will," said Daxel roughly, glancing involuntarily at the scar lining Sarehl's face. "You must tell Ensore if you do get him," he persisted, "so he can tell me."
"Certainly I would, Dase. You'd be the first to know." Sarehl observed Daxel closely and added, "Let him go, Dase, you did all you could for him. Let your conscience rest at ease. You got him to safety, so you've nothing to blame yourself for."
Daxel fixed his eyes on his brother's face and said distinctly, "Neither, Sar, have you, even though you think you have."
Sarehl met those dark eyes, so like his own, and was momentarily bereft of words. He knew exactly what Daxel was saying, and Daxel knew he did. They stared long at each other, before both looked away at the same instant.
"You're growing up very fast, little brother," commented Sarehl gently.
"As Eli says, Sar, strange times."
"And Lute, Dase?" Sarehl asked very quietly.
"Nothing of late, or not since that awful physical agony that cramped me so badly." Daxel stopped and wiped a rush of tears from his eyes. "I'm glad you were all here for me, because I truly thought Lute was dying then. I know he wanted to. I felt he was so cold and in such pain. I sensed ice around and through him."
"I'm so sorry for you, lad," whispered Sarehl, putting his arm about the thin shoulders. "If you have any faith, Dase, hold to it as I do." Daxel's voice was forlorn.
"Sometimes I feel Lute's being dragged farther and farther away from me and that I wasn't born a twin at all. There’s a lonely darkness that's part of me. It will stay forever, wherever he is. I'll keep calling to him, Sar, until I die."
Sarehl gathered his brother close and they stayed that way for a very long time.
~~~
Next morning the riders worked quickly and efficiently, so camp was broken very speedily. Provisions were packed, saddlebags were full, blankets were rolled and already tied onto heavily-built packhorses and waggons were fully laden. The fire, well nigh dead, was thoroughly and repeatedly doused and stamped. The men were armed and ready, already on horseback. The four foresters stood a little to one side, Arth holding two extra sets of reins with his own.
Daxel, after waking late, rushed an early meal, and, full of nervous energy, darted here and there doing Ongwin's bidding. Released, he strode up and down, then finally wandered off into the spinney. It was there Sarehl found him a short time later.
"So this is a temporary farewell, little brother."
Daxel didn't speak, his eyes eloquent and dewy as he strode forward and wrapped his long arms about Sarehl in a deeply felt embrace.
"Look after yourself, Sar."
"Likewise, Dase," said Sarehl softly.
Few words were exchanged, before the brothers linked arms and moved out from the spinney. Ensore watched them approach, appreciative of the handsome pair they made. Despite one's pronounced limp they could almost be clones, he thought, with the same curly dark hair and the same black eyes that could switch from one emotion to another, as changeable as the seasons and winds of Ambros. There was more maturity in one tall figure and that man was paler too. Daxel's face may have been younger but there was little youth in it. No one could doubt these were brothers. Ensore stepped forward.
"Be mounted, lad, we're ready and more to go. Did you check you have everything?" Daxel looked shyly at him.
"Yes, I have all I need."
"More hand-me-down clothes, you poor lad?" Daxel nodded with a rather resigned smile. He'd not had new clothes since Ortok and knew it was highly unlikely he would. Ensore ruffled his head and smiled understandingly. "Not easy for the young, Dase, we know. On your horse then."
Looking back at Sarehl, Daxel hesitated. Sarehl smiled and indicated the horse one of the guards held for his brother. Daxel mounted and got himself settled. Ensore turned to look long and gravely at Sarehl.
"We've said all that's necessary, haven't we?" he said quietly.
"Yes, Ens, we have."
"Until we see each other again then." In response, Sarehl held out his hands. Ensore grasped them for a moment, then turned and crossed to his horse, thanking Terrin who held the warhorse steady. Once mounted, Ensore glanced down, the smile back in his eyes. "Don't let Kaleb bully you too much, will you?"
"Certainly not." Sarehl smiled up at the forester. "Ride well and be careful. There are enemies all about."
Giving a hand signal to his men, Ensore kneed his horse gently forward. Daxel fell in between Eli and Qual and the troop moved slowly out of the clearing and into the forest.
Kaleb gently pushed Sarehl towards one of the horses Arth held. He and Arth carefully helped Sarehl into the saddle, then Kaleb mounted the second horse Arth held and gave the signal to move. He looked across at Sarehl. Seeing the grim set to the young mouth, he drew his horse closer.
"The boy will be well taken care of," he said in an undertone.
"I know," whispered Sarehl. "I know."
~~~
Kaleb called frequent halts as the six of them rode directly northwards. The foresters didn't mind, the leisurely pace set suiting their indolent humour. None of them had been on long, gruelling riding spells for some time and with the weather becoming steadily hotter by the day, they enjoyed the respites Kaleb regularly called for. They all acknowledged Sarehl couldn't stay in the saddle for sustained periods, although even that skill improved as the weeks passed.
Kaleb kept a close watch on Sarehl. For the first few weeks Sarehl needed help to dismount, but now got off without assistance. More often than not Sarehl would admit his hip troubled him; he knew if he avoided the truth Kaleb would know anyway. He never argued when the healer gave him a drink.
The heat became unrelenting and the air was still in the forest. When there was an occasional breath of wind it was welcome. Where the forest opened out, the riders urged their horses from a walk so they could reach the dappled shelter of the trees as soon as possible. Whenever they came to a stream, there would be a jangling of harness and bridles as the riders drew up and dismounted in a hurry, taking themselves and the animals to the edge to drink.
In the evenings no one bothered to pitch tents. It was so warm all the men were content to lounge under the trees and also to sleep there. Nor did they make a fire. Mostly they ate cold meat or salted fish and biscuits. They drank ale or water.
As the days passed, Sarehl found a renewed sense of peace. His strength and stamina increased and his skin had a healthy glow from being in the sun. Kaleb watched him with quiet satisfaction, aware of the man’s increasing inner quietude where before he knew Sarehl, when in solitude, only experienced anguish and very deep anger. The healer knew how delighted Ensore would be.
Six weeks after they began the trek north, Sarehl turned his head to speak to Kaleb who rode to his left.
"Did Dase ever speak to you of Lute?" he asked. "You never spoke of it, and I hesitated to ask Dase in case it upset him too much. I always waited for him to say anything." Kaleb looked up enquiringly when Sarehl spoke and nodded. "What came of your discussion?"
"Not a great deal," said the healer calmly. "I wish I could have helped Dase more, but twins aren't easy to work with when they've been so brutally and ruthlessly torn apart."
"Could you read nothing of Lute at all?" Kaleb fiddled with his reins. "You could, couldn't you?"
"Oh yes, I can read he's alive as I've told you before," replied Kaleb indifferently. "He's still alive, that hasn't changed." Sarehl's eyes brightened, but at Kaleb's next words the sparkle died. "What I didn't tell you, my friend, is that Luton's part of a slave caravan going south to Churchik lands. What I can't tell you, is how the lad is."
Kaleb looked carefully at Sarehl and noticed his friend was preoccupied with his own thoughts. The healer felt relief and said no more. He hadn't told Daxel anything at all and felt it would be injudicious and serve no purpose to tell Sarehl all he knew. He'd read considerably more than merely finding a boy in a caravan. He found himself in a devastated mind where numbing horror and terror kept any other emotions so repressed, Kaleb could sense nothing. He found little reason in Luton's mind and sensed such absolute subjection, the healer wondered if the boy had actually become mindless. He knew Luton was mute. He simply couldn't penetrate Luton's rigid barrier of rejection of what the boy saw and experienced, nor could the boy reach out or respond in any way. Kaleb now knew why even Luton's twin couldn't touch him. It grieved the healer for them both.
A season before, Kaleb called to a more skilled practitioner than himself, advising where he was going and why. When he mentioned he still had the company of Sarehl there was an abrupt silence, before he was sharply told to remain with the young man at all times and to make sure the twin brother was carefully watched and protected. He was to remain in touch with Daxel, through Ensore. His news of Luton elicited no immediate comment.
After the link was cut, Kaleb was left very thoughtful. It was clear his priority was to get Sarehl to safety, certainly physical safety, some distance from the warlord's advancing army. Daxel, too, was to be removed from actual physical danger. Kaleb's information about Luton was accepted with interest, but he was also told he was to make no further attempt to contact the boy or read him. Puzzled, Kaleb responded suitably.
He was thinking about that now as he let Sarehl ride ahead on his own. After a mile or so Sarehl reined back and let his horse fall in next to Kaleb's. Kaleb waited, letting Sarehl speak first. He did so in a subdued voice.
"Did you tell Dase?"
"Would you have wanted me to?" countered Kaleb.
"No," admitted Sarehl. "You didn't, did you?"
"I saw no reason to add to the boy's already considerable distress. I just agreed that Luton's alive, aye: Dase knows that. I also told him I couldn't penetrate his twin's mind and that's no lie. I can't." Sarehl stroked his beard.
"You can sense nothing else?"
"Not of any real significance, my friend, no."
He saw Sarehl give him a long speculative look and again wondered if Sarehl had a touch of sight. There was an uncanny perceptiveness to the man that Ensore had commented on several times.
"Why do I feel you're not being fully open with me, Kaleb?"
"You'll be told when I have anything to tell you," chided Kaleb, in a measured voice. Sarehl accepted the rebuke without a word. Kaleb stared at him for a moment, then leaned across and tapped the tall man on the shoulder. "I have your interest very much at heart, Sarehl. I too seek answers."
"I know," sighed Sarehl wearily.
Kaleb reined in, saying quietly, "There's nothing we can do for Lute, other than be thankful the lad's alive and pray that he remains so. You must accept that I, too, have limitations." Sarehl slipped from the saddle.
"I don't believe you have limitations." Sarehl stretched one leg, then another.
"We all have them," observed Kaleb, as he dismounted. "That's a universal law. Any man who believes otherwise is a fool. It's unwise to set oneself up as a god."
"I hadn't thought of it that way," observed Sarehl, stroking his horse's nose as they waited for the foresters to pull up beside them. Kaleb looked surprised.
"Everything, my young friend, has a beginning and an ending. Even the most powerful have weaknesses and limitations, whether they accept that's so or not."


Ambrosian Chronicles
Third Age
11207

Information concerning sons we seek has lately come to our attention. News has taken some time to reach us, but we now know Sarehl, eldest son, travels with a healer from the Conclave. They're currently in northern Ambros. The young man's an integral part of what we hope will be a newly-formed and developing army that will, in time, we're told, confront the warlord’s southern army. As further news is relayed to us, be sure I'll chronicle it immediately.
 
With this newly forming northern army goes yet another son, a twin by name, Daxel. He travels, from all accounts, with a large body of troops from Dahkilah. We've made our wishes, concerning the brothers, known to the Conclave who advise us they'll fulfil our wishes.

Third Age
11207

We wish to confirm the whereabouts of another son - Luton. This boy is part of a slave caravan that, at this moment, wends its way beyond the Dakhilah passes, south of what was once the Samar Confederation, and towards Churchik land. The boy travels as a warrior’s slave.
 
We're distressed by the state of this boy's mind and have advised the Mishtok that action on this child's behalf has some urgency. Unfortunately, there are no reader-seekers near the boy.
 
The Archmage is seriously disturbed by this. He says little, but Elucien tells us that the Archmage fears we may be too late. This confuses us, as we don't understand why this should be.


CHAPTER FORTY

Lodestok stared contemplatively at Jaden, a hand as of habit stroking his lush moustache and then slipping to idly fiddle with one of his necklaces. He lounged back in his chair. His free hand toyed with the full goblet that rested on the arm of the chair.
"Go on," he said quietly, his eyes searching the healer's face in a scrutiny that made Jaden summon all his control. The warlord observed the nervous gesture of a boot scuffing the earth, but he made no comment.
"Warlord, Lokar's sudden illness shows no signs of improving, even though I've tried every remedy he instructed me to follow. He steadily weakens, despite all our efforts. He can barely speak. He believes he was mindread, but by whom we don’t know."
The warlord stayed silent, but raised the goblet to his lips and his gaze remained intently fixed on the healer's face. Jaden coughed. He stared at the wine he swirled in his goblet, the healer unwilling to break a silence that was taut with tension. The warlord stretched.
"How long has he been ill?"
"As he is, only two days, my lord, though he admitted feeling unwell prior to that. Overnight he found he could no longer mind meld with me. It’s a block we both struggle to comprehend. He started to lose the ability to speak fluently or cogently." Jaden paused. Lodestok waited. "My lord, Lokar describes his mind as being forced in on itself, any thought deeply painful. He speaks quite disjointedly most of the time. I struggle to make sense of what he says."
"But you cannot identify what ails him?" The warlord's voice was still very soft and quiet. Bethel, crouched beside the far table ready to serve whenever he received the order, shivered at the icy menace of tone because he knew what it betokened. It was the prelude to a flare of temper.
"We can find no physical reason for the malaise, no."
"Emotional then?"
"No, Warlord, we think not. There's something odd about this none of us understand, least of all Lokar." Jaden looked thoughtful and he spoke in the tired way of someone who's had little rest or peace of mind. "Lokar's muscles are wasting in spite of his fight."
"What other healers do we have who near Lokar's status?"
"No one, Warlord. He's our most senior healer."
"I thought not." A frown crossed the warlord's face at that. "Who comes closest to him, Jaden?"
"I do," murmured the healer.
"And you are?"
"Post-Level Three."
"Who would then follow you?"
Jaden continued to stare into the goblet, before answering with a sigh, "There are other Level Twos, Warlord, and numerous others at a lower level. Seven or eight Level Twos come to mind, among them Marih, Tullbac, Morjah and one Bkarjkar. All are limited in their skills."
"They teach, though, as I require? They have skills enough for that?"
"Yes, Warlord, they do. They have, some more reluctantly than others, learned to accept you as master. They function as you require and for the purposes you desire. That won't change, but none of them has the skill required to help Lokar."
"All well and good," growled Lodestok, upending his goblet. "But that does not explain Lokar, whom we still need. Boy, wine!" The clicked fingers were an imperious summons to which the boy responded automatically. Bethel rose noiselessly, served both men and then retreated to immediately crouch, conscious of Jaden's steady regard. He bent his head and remained hunched. "Could any of those, whom you name, know more than you think, Jaden?" A smile lighted Jaden's drawn face at that.
"No, Warlord," he responded, shaking his head. "They're all only Level Two and have no abilities beyond that. Lokar subjected them to a thorough scrutiny, cycles ago."
"I see." The warlord chewed on his beard. "I will see Lokar myself. You may go."
The warlord entered a small pavilion, where Lokar lay, unmoving, on a soft-mattressed bed, his head rested against cushions piled high behind him. Upon Lodestok's entrance, the healer opened eyes with so much weariness in their depths the warlord was momentarily taken aback. Lodestok stood staring down thoughtfully before he drew up a chair and disposed himself comfortably in it, his long legs fully stretched out and crossed at the ankles.
"What tires you so, Lokar?" he asked coolly. The healer's eyelids blinked as if the effort of speaking was too much.
"I'm dying, Warlord," Lokar responded, his voice so faint Lodestok had to bend forward to catch the words. The warlord frowned.
"What makes you sure that is so, healer? I confess to finding your condition inexplicable."
"My life force is being drained." A glint touched the healer’s tired eyes. His voice was a faint rasp.
"You are a Post-Level Four, man," said the warlord impatiently. "Not only that, but you are Blach's reader. How can this be happening?"
"I've tried to find the source of the power," whispered Lokar, coughing weakly. "I discovered too late what was happening and now..." The voice trailed to a long silence, then the healer coughed again. He whispered, "There's a delicious irony to this, Warlord."
"Is there? Do you care to explain?"
Lokar shook his head. When he tried to speak, his words were barely audible and took huge effort, the rasping voice grating to the ear. Lodestok stared down at the wasted face and fury caught and shook him.
"I need you, damn you, Lokar. You control Lian and you follow Blach's henchmen. How can I find that wretched youth without you? Jaden is next in seniority - can he not send to Blach for help?"
"Too late," mumbled Lokar on a weak, mirthless laugh. "The sorcerer sends to us. We're forbidden to reciprocate. I wouldn't be so foolish. Whoever does this, knows that. This someone’s a power higher than me, Warlord. Only an Adept, and they no longer exist, or the Mishtok himself were he still alive which I know he isn't, could do this. That's unlikely. We're taught to heal, not harm or kill. Our vows make us do so." The length of time it took Lokar to utter these words left him helpless and unable to speak further.
"How, Lokar, do you know there are no Adepts? Or that the Mishtok of the Conclave is dead?" Lodestok’s frown deepened. "You broke your vows some time since, healer, did you not?" There was no reply. "Perhaps," the warlord mused, "someone feels this is a fitting punishment for you. You helped to bring Lian to me. He was drained too, Lokar. Were you part of that? You speak of irony - you now suffer what you did to others, is that not so?" There was no response. The warlord became deeply thoughtful. "Is there something else you did for the sorcerer that might lead an Adept, if one escaped, to take revenge upon you, Lokar, something perhaps connected with the very Conclave itself?" Lodestok looked searchingly at the healer and saw a shadow flicker across the etched face, though Lokar wouldn't reply. "I wonder," murmured the warlord, stroking his whiskers. "I believe, my healer friend, that there is more to this than I immediately perceive." Lokar tried to raise a hand.
"I said it was ironic," he murmured.
"Are you in pain?"
The warlord had no need of an answer, because at that moment a wracking shudder shook the healer. Lodestok could see how impotently Lokar fought an unseen force that continued to shake him as if he were a rag doll and showed him no pity whatsoever.
"Justice," Lokar gasped, his eyes closing.
"How long has he got?" snarled the warlord, getting to his feet and his cold eyes settling on Jaden. Jaden shook his head.
"A matter of days at the most, Warlord," he answered with a deep shiver. His eyes turned to watch the tremors that still shook the healer with cruel indifference.
"He is no longer of any use to me. Advise me when he is dead."
As he spoke, Lodestok gave the healer a last look before he swung round and strode from the pavilion, unaware of Lokar's opening eyes and the venomous look he got.
Lokar suddenly died early that evening. Since the warlord left him, he was in continual torment. He tried to speak. He was soon too weak to frame sentences and could barely utter single words to healers who gathered round him. He managed to be alone, briefly, with Jaden, but as hard as he struggled, in frustrated rage, he could say little. Jaden knelt at the head of the bed, his head tilted to catch anything the healer might say and Lokar's claw-like hands held in his. The healer well nigh physically, as well as emotionally, cringed with revulsion and horror when he glanced down every so often at the skeletal face. The lips twisted as the body contorted.
It was clear, in Lokar's final hours, that something crystallised in his mind that he struggled to voice to Jaden. The effort was too much. He was too close to death to frame anything coherent. It maddened both the dying man and the healer who sat trying to read lips that barely moved.
"Child," Lokar moaned. He actually howled. Jaden shuddered. Lokar tried to get his breath. "Watch," he whispered, panting with effort. "Look for the power."
Jaden said suggestively, "Do you want me to watch any child?" Lokar flung his head back on a fainter howl, his fingers curling round Jaden's. Jaden gripped hard. "A Churchik boy?" There was no response. "A slave boy?" There was still no response. "Is there some reason you wish me to watch a child? Is it the warlord's boy?"
"Source of power."
"What do you mean? What one? Is it the slave boy? He has no source of power."
"Not him. It is – the one."
"Is there another with power? Where?"
Jaden saw Lokar try to respond. The healer was unable to. On a whimper, Lokar's head drooped. Jaden watched blood ooze between clenched teeth. He felt he watched the very essence that was Lokar squeezed until there was nothing left, and he knew the healer was dead because the hands he held relaxed. Jaden felt deadly fear creep over him. He sat there shivering, unable to move from beside a man he'd willingly obeyed for cycles and who'd been deliberately struck down in such a cruel way.
~~~
Bethel was thirteen cycles. He was certainly not the half-starved, bewildered child yanked from the slave pen of Ortok, and though the boy was very tall there was no gangliness and much grace. Bethel was still slender and retained the beauty that so attracted Lodestok. While there was resignation in the expression and the child-like innocence was gone, the gentleness was still there, and so, at times, was the dreaminess that characterised the child. There was also now a smouldering sensuality about the boy that the warlord couldn't resist, the curved lips full and inviting. The creamy marble skin stayed soft and clear. The thick black curls were very long these days, so long they well hid the torc Bethel was forced to wear. The warlord decided he liked the boy's hair long and untied, so it was, a tumbling mass that snaked down his back and covered his thin shoulders. There was less fear and terror in the huge purple eyes; it was more apprehension, and, at times, sad world-weariness.
Bethel had learned to be whatever the warlord wanted. He passively submitted to Lodestok's demands instantly. He'd forced himself to adapt to the world he now found himself in, yielding, without a fight, to the social constraints placed on one of contemptible inferiority. Much of his time, over the last two and a half cycles, was spent honing and practising the mind skills Myme Chlo taught him until now Bethel could slip easily from one mental plane to another. It was a daily struggle for the boy, Bethel living moments of terror when he thought the warlord pierced the fragile mental defences he'd set up. It was those, and only those, that allowed Bethel to function at all.
When he was with Lodestok, Bethel mentally withdrew so the continuing brutality he experienced didn't devastate him as it would a less talented child. Bethel neutralised pain so it was bearable and was mostly successful, sometimes less so. On those occasions, after being thrashed, or pushed away in the early hours of the morning, the boy would sob helplessly into the cushions before falling asleep. The warlord never saw Bethel weep as other boys did. As an insensitive man to the woes of others, and especially towards his boys, he didn't expect sensitivity in anyone else, so, while Bethel performed as the warlord desired, and played the estibe, Lodestok was content.
So Bethel grew steadily. The seasons passed. He was now almost six feet tall and nowhere near finished his growth. Though Bethel had accustomed himself to being a warlord's slave, he was unaware Lodestok wasn't abusing him as much as he'd done only seasons earlier. It was Sarssen who noticed, in some alarm, Lodestok's growing affection for the boy. As the relationship developed the warlord began to gentle in his private moments with Bethel, but, had he been told he felt emotion for the slave boy the warlord would have been incredulous and Bethel's life would have come to an abrupt end. Any gentleness was not displayed in public where Bethel was frequently ungently cuffed, or pushed, or even pulled about. The warlord still had violent tempers that spilled over onto his slave.
Bethel wasn't often chastised for mistakes these days either. He was obedient and willing. He applied himself to every form of learning he was confronted with and didn't flinch when his master was rough or brutal with him in front of others - slaves submitted to everything and to everyone, a belief the boy accepted as part of life and something he took with clenched teeth and bent head. Bethel still never attempted to fight his slavery, as did so many others.
Now, he moodily contemplated the dismantling of the warlord's pavilion. He had little to do and twitched at the full material at the cuffs of the blouson he wore. The depth of red tamis emphasised the darkness of his hair and eyes, a colour deliberately chosen by a warlord who took the dressing of the boy seriously. Bethel submitted, without demur and silently, to whatever he was told to wear. He gave a faint sigh.
He thought back to his morning of archery training with Sarssen and Manas, hearing again the brief words of praise he'd earned from the tempkar. Bethel respected Sarssen very deeply and obeyed him instantly because of it, but he also feared the warrior's strong hand that he'd felt more than once for repeated errors. Bethel found the man close-lipped and remote, well aware it was Sarssen and not Bensar who was responsible for his training.
Bethel learned Churchik. He was slow to understand it at first and found it extremely difficult to pronounce, but bullied and beaten by the warlord the boy became fluent in the language within a cycle of his captivity. He was fascinated by southern history, and found, if Lodestok was in an amiable mood, that he'd talk to the boy about the past. The warlord encouraged Bethel to learn in all areas and as time went on, he pushed the boy into learning martial arts and into occasional episodes of training with the sons of warriors other than Manas.
He sent him to study with captive scholars and reader-seekers, as well as work more with Gariok and the musicians. Bethel dreaded that he'd find their family scholar enslaved. His relief to find he was not so demeaned was touching. The more Bethel learned, the more he had a reluctant and grudging understanding of the man who was his master. He realised it was rare for one who came from a Vaksh background, to rise to such eminence and power in a dominant and xenophobic society like the Churchik.
At first the readers were unprepared to accept Lodestok's pleasure-boy, but, as they watched him study, some changed their minds. One man, a low level healer called Morjar, had shown interest in Bethel from his first days with the warlord, adopting and teaching him from the time the boy was eleven cycles. Bethel learned rapidly to distinguish between those willing to serve the warlord and those who weren't; he was automatically drawn to the latter.
As time passed, Bethel instinctively recognised, though he never said anything or gave the slightest sign he knew, that Morjah was more than he appeared, the healer able and more than willing to teach the boy reader-seeker sensitive and unusual skills. Morjah positively encouraged the boy. Bethel was an apt student. He thirsted for knowledge and kept his mentors busy, though no one knew of the additional teaching Bethel received every day from Morjah.
Within a cycle and a half Bethel understood the rudiments of seeking and reading and was astonished by the power this gave him. He was taught by Morjah to control his mind, and, being conscious of the warnings he received about the use or abuse a mind could be put to, Bethel was unlikely to abuse any gift of knowledge so freely given.
His introduction to warlike arts was extremely tough, even for one treated more gently in the early days because he was the warlord's boy. At thirteen cycles he joined a young troop on and off and wasn't spared the whip if he made mistakes, nor did the Churchik boys treat him kindly. He adapted remarkably quickly to sharply spat out orders and became part of the troop that wheeled with frightening precision.
His horsemanship improved rapidly after the warlord regularly whipped the boy for being a fool. He was given his own stallion that he was left to master for himself, senior warriors watching his efforts through cynical and amused eyes. Once he could’ve fallen and broken his neck had the angered warlord not been close at hand and prepared to act most promptly. The result for Bethel was dire - to feel Lodestok's wrath was one thing the boy most dreaded.
Bethel didn't dare fail at anything the warlord set him. Not only did he dread the punishments for failure, he knew his existence depended on his pleasing an exacting master. So the boy overcame his fear and revulsion, ignored his scruples, gritted his teeth and set out to succeed. He learned that he followed Sarssen and strove to equal the warrior, his worship of the tall tempkar showing in his huge, wistful eyes.
Bethel pulled again at his cuffs and looking up, saw the warlord stride towards the half-disassembled pavilion. Lodestok was frowning heavily. Bethel took a quiet side step and slipped away from all the noise and swearing that accompanied the moving of the army. He wandered to the edge of the encampment where no one bothered him, and stood staring into the far distance at northern Blenharm forest.
Over the cycles he'd heard broken off bits of conversation about the forest refugees, but nothing about any of his family. For the first few seasons of Bethel's slavery the refugees had been taken as a joke, amusing the warlord and his warriors very much. However, a season after Lodestok began his push north from Ortok, Bethel noticed a change in the warlord's attitude to the raiding groups that swept down onto the southern army's flanks. The warlord now took the refugees much more seriously.


CHAPTER FORTY-ONE

It was when Bethel was twelve cycles that he heard his elder brother's name mentioned and his heart almost turned over in hope that perhaps Sarehl had escaped. Then a black depression settled on him. He realised how unlikely that was, because not only did he have to accept that Sarehl wasn't an uncommon Ortokian name, he knew, too, that Sarehl was dying the day Bethel saw him beside the slave pens. Bethel spent wretched days grieving anew for the young man he loved so much.
He wasn't sure why, but he was present in the pavilion the day the warlord was told of an assault that worked seriously to Lodestok's disadvantage. The warlord stormed, bullied, cuffed Bethel hard and swore he'd pay a high price for the head of the man who seemed to be organising the refugee attacks. Bethel, crouched at the far side of the pavilion, only came reluctantly forward at the imperious hand gesture.
"This Sarehl is one of yours, little blossom," snarled Lodestok. Bethel had trained himself to such an extent that he didn't flinch and managed creditable indifference. He moved over to a cabinet and removed a goblet and a wineskin.
"My lord," he replied with a yawn. The warlord glared malevolently at him.
"Do you know the Sarehl spoken of, boy?"
"It's an Ortokian name, my lord, that much I know." Bethel pulled at one of his earrings as if considering the matter, before he poured wine and proffered it on bended knee.
"Is he a military commander then?"
"Not when I was there, my lord. We didn't have commanders. Perhaps he was an apprentice if he's young."
"Not the man I seek. He is trained in technique and knows well what he is about," growled Lodestok, gulping at the wine. He looked over at Bethel who stood gracefully while he finished decanting the wine. Bethel finished what he was doing and gave a quaint little bow. The warlord gave a cool smile. "Trying to charm me, little bloom?" he asked silkily.
"If it is my lord's wish," Bethel responded.
He dutifully knelt beside the warlord, his head bent respectfully. Lodestok stared down at the boy for a long time, one large hand playfully pulling on one of Bethel's earrings and conscious this boy helped dissipate his anger and soothed him. He couldn't be bothered pursuing this disturbing thought.
Bethel recalled that conversation as he stood now, staring out to the forest. He didn't often let himself think of his family because he assumed all his brothers were dead and he'd no idea what happened to Myme Chlo, though his fears of what her fate might have been caused him appalling distress. He hoped desperately that she, too, died early on. Thinking of them all made him feel choked with despair and affected his mental control.
Without conscious thought, he sent gently into the space between himself and the forest, gradually extending his seeking to the forest itself. With his enhanced sensory perceptions, he saw light dapple the glades, heard the songs of birds and insects, and even caught the rustling of leaves beginning to fall to the forest floor and the faint sighing of a breeze in the undergrowth.
He couldn't sense anything specific, but eventually became aware of the physical presence of a small group of people. Intuitively, he tried to read, though he knew he hadn't yet mastered the art of distance reading and did this more as an experiment from which he'd soon withdraw. On a superficial level, he sensed seven or eight persons who spoke of orphaned children further north. At this point he thought about a discreet retreat. Something urged him on, a mental spur he didn't stop to consider, then, when Bethel tried to concentrate on only one mind, he got a mental slap that made him abruptly withdraw.
The shock made the images in his mind reel and whirl in distressed mayhem. His discipline shattered. Frantically, Bethel forced himself to retain control. It made him feel physically quite sick. Knowing how dangerous it was, he hadn't intended to use his newly acquired skills because an undisciplined mind could unravel into madness, something he'd been repeatedly warned about. He wondered at his stupidity.
Then, with another wave of nausea, he thought perhaps someone had tried to use him. He was at a loss to know why. He sought back carefully, through his mind, for the unmistakable trace that was always left by a mind meld. He came back to when he'd been standing staring at the forest and there he traced the subtle disturbance in his mind pattern. It was infinitesimal, but it was there.
Intently, Bethel focused on it as he'd been taught by Morjah, carefully sifting the patterns until he held the irregular disturbed one. He wasn't certain, but felt sure he knew the person who'd touched his mind and directed him. He was equally sure it was a reader. That made him shake with fright. He looked closely at the disturbance and struggled to extract the colour essence. As he watched, the pattern moved and a green tinge emerged.
Bethel was a very patient boy. He waited for a long time for the green to pulse in the pattern again. It did, fractionally. It was enough for Bethel to hold it for barely a second. The pattern stilled, but Bethel held it before it shifted and he felt Jaden's touch, cold, skilled and venomous. Already Bethel had withdrawn, so Jaden didn't sense him as he quietly and quickly left the boy's mind.
Jaden, standing beyond the disassembled pavilion, had used the boy to see how much Bethel knew. That way he could respond to the demand from the warlord for a report on Bethel’s progress. The reader was amused the boy unwittingly touched a reader mind in the forest and suffered for it. He’d have a bad headache for a while. Jaden accepted he'd pushed the boy too far, too soon, and had higher expectations than were justified. The boy's inability to control an impulsive reaction suggested to the healer that Bethel had reached a level of learning that was far enough for his ability and the boy would go no further. His fundamental skills were entirely unthreatening. Jaden was unworried. He felt he could assuage any anxiety the warlord might feel. The healer felt, erroneously, the boy was essentially very limited and wouldn't prove to be any serious threat, either now or later.
The reader would have been deeply concerned had he followed Bethel obeying the rules for bringing back his control. Jaden would’ve been incredulous and angered as well as startled and highly displeased to know the boy had both the ability to mind backtrack, the sense to do exactly that and also had the skill to isolate the intruder in his mind. Jaden went into the boy's mind with a preconceived idea of what he'd find. Bethel's survival hinged on the reader's arrogance.
Bethel concentrated on his breathing. He shook from head to toe and sweated. Icy fear played up and down his spine at the realisation of an enemy he hadn't known existed. He wondered if Jaden hoped to lose him in a mind meld, or during a seeking or reading, and asked himself why. He also began to wonder about his poisoning and who may have been behind it, alarming suspicions coming to his mind.
Bethel knew Jaden was both clever and talented, with training beyond a boy's by cycles and levels. Bethel was simply no match for him and knew it. He could only be grateful that Jaden made a slip this time so he could be recognized, and the boy chastised himself for letting his mind wander so casually. He felt he'd been taught a valuable lesson just in time.
Trying to decide what to do, Bethel turned resolutely from the forest and noticed the pavilion was down, the camp well on the way to being broken. As he hesitated, he saw the huge figure of the warlord cross the pavilion site and knew he'd been seen. Immediately, out of habit, he slipped into passive mode and waited. Lodestok strode up to him in his usual energetic way and spoke in a hectoring voice.
"Look up, boy. Two goblets, wine, and a pleasant morning." Bethel felt a large hand at his torc and then a definite tug. "Come, boy. We have a little time to spare before we ride." The silky deep voice lowered as Bethel felt his chin gripped and his head tilted. "You do wish to keep me company, little flower, do you not?" the warlord asked persuasively.
Bethel knew better than to touch the hand at his torc; it was always ready to twist and choke him.
Bethel found the army ready to march when he emerged from the grove. Lodestok may have revelled but his army hadn't. The entire camp was dismantled, wagons were loaded, chariots had been assembled and were gathered, horses fretted between the traces and were held by cowed slaves. Horses were saddled and men armed, ready to obey the warlord the instant the order was given to move.
There was always a strange quietness before the army moved, Bethel thought, as he limped towards one of the last fires still burning. Talk was muted among any men huddled about the embers but even so there was an air of intense anticipation. Bethel knelt stiffly. He didn't notice whether he was treated with disdain or contempt by the men nearest him. From another slave, he took hunks of bread and cheese and a tankard of the heavy ale the men drank, then, without a word, he began to tear at the bread ravenously, washing it down with long draughts from the tankard. Grumbling, the men put hands out to catch the last of the heat and ignored the thin boy beside them.
Bethel didn't hurry. He was already very tired, even at this early stage of the day and his experience with Jaden preyed on his mind. He knew he had a long day in the saddle, but to cope with Lodestok's demands Bethel had learned long ago to go for long periods without rest. Physical exhaustion he was accustomed to. It was his brain that felt clouded and weary.
In the distance he saw the warlord come from the grove. He clambered to his feet and stood quite still, hoping he was inconspicuous enough to avoid being summoned again. Since Lodestok's footstep was light and the heavy frown he habitually wore was absent, Bethel hoped it was a sign the warlord wouldn't be unnecessarily brutal with his men this day, Lodestok's cruelty something Bethel had never got used to and he knew he never would.
Bethel knew he had a short respite from the warlord, while Lodestok ate and then addressed the army, so he slipped away like a shadow. No one saw him go. The boy sought Morjah, but he had to look hard for the little healer because the reader seekers were carefully dispersed among the ranks and along the baggage slave train. Bethel found him finally, at the end of one section of the baggage train, fettered to a wagon wheel and looking decidedly pale. He didn't notice the boy until Bethel was almost on top of him and then the healer smiled up at the tall boy, with such sweetness in his expression Bethel felt his heart stir with pity.
"Boy," said the healer gently. "I wondered where you'd got to. No more formal teaching for some miles to come." Bethel looked at the healer's chains in disgust.
"How can you walk carrying those heavy things?" he asked. Leaning against the wheel for support, Morsh shrugged.
"You learn to accept your lot," he answered indifferently. "I could've been made armless, tongueless or legless by these people. Instead, all I have to bear are chains. And," continued Morsh, "your chains, though not as heavy, are still chains, lad."
Looking down at the fine gold chain that linked his ankles one to the other, Bethel felt rebuked. He could walk reasonably comfortably but hadn't been able to run from the day the warlord enslaved him. Lodestok usually unlocked the chains when Bethel was with him, but locked them before the boy was permitted to leave his side. It was one thing the warlord would permit no one else to do, other than Sarssen or the night guard.
"You might be tempted to try to run from me, my little bud," Lodestok said once, so gently that Bethel flinched at the inherent threat. "I shall remove any temptation you may feel." Bethel never saw where the warlord kept the keys.
Now, as he looked down at Morsh, he sighed deeply.
"That's true, Morjah," he answered, tiredly rubbing his eyes.
"You've just come from being with the warlord, lad, haven't you?"
"Does it show?" came the weary response.
"Aye, lad, it does. With those chains, how on Ambros do you mount a horse?"
"I'm unchained to get in the saddle and then chained to each stirrup. Should I be so stupid as to try anything like spurring my horse, I must remember there's also a chain from my torc to the warlord's wrist." Bethel spoke without bitterness. He'd accepted he was a slave captive from the very first. He added resignedly, "Doubtless my master would kill me without a second thought."
"Doubtless he would," agreed Morsh, quietly observing him. "Why are your mind patterns so disordered, child?"
Bethel leaned next to the healer against the wheel. Briefly, he outlined what'd occurred with Jaden and saw a frown gather on Morsh's face.
"Morjah, I was foolish to be so forgetful. I won't again."
"You're only a boy, Beth, and couldn't be expected to prepare for that kind of meld. Jaden's taken at fault for behaving in such a way. You're very lucky the mind you touched merely brushed you away." Morsh went silent, his eyes staring into the distance. Then he said determinedly, "You must be taught protection, lad. That's what we'll begin to teach you, before we move on to other things."
"What shall I do, Morjah? I can't compete with Jaden."
"No you can't, lad," agreed Morsh, his eyes still slightly unfocused. "We'll have to be very careful." Morsh rubbed at where the metal chaffed his wrists, then astonished Bethel by saying, "So we shall proceed."
"How can we?" protested Bethel. "You're locked here and I'm locked to the warlord. I can't learn on a horse." Morsh chuckled.
"Child, you can learn anywhere." He hushed Bethel's objections and bade him listen. "You can make an excuse to come to the baggage train - that's not unusual. How useful it is that I'm attached to it, because nearly everyone comes this way at some stage of the day. I'll teach you in short spells. That'll be sufficient for you to learn and to practise, which you must do diligently, lad. It's no longer a matter of choice. You must learn and quickly."
"I promise you I will, Morjah," said Bethel, straightening and staring down at the little reader with affection. "One day I hope I may be able to repay you in some way for what you do for me."
"Perhaps," came the reply, "but there's a long road ahead of you, lad, and you must learn very fast."
When a guard came towards them, Morsh immediately abased himself. Bethel quickly lowered his head and hunched.
"What are you doing here, boy?" demanded the guard, staring hard at Bethel. "You're the warlord's fancy boy, aren't you?" Bethel didn't reply. The guard snickered and in passing put a boot into Morsh's ribs. "Take yourself off, boy, before I use my cane to mark your pretty buttock."
Bethel bit on his lower lip even though it was still sore and turned away.
The army, like a huge black spider sprawled over the landscape, began a ponderous move within the hour. If nothing else, the move out was orderly, each warrior aware of his mortality if it wasn't. For the first few hours of riding nothing untoward happened, then the outriders began to report constant harassment as they were harried by one marauding group after another. The army had no option but to skirt the enormous forest that sheltered these small groups of highly organised refugees, because, to go north, the warlord had to follow the forest fringe for many miles. Such a monstrous army couldn't possibly work its way through such a dense forest. That being so, it had to endure its flanks being savaged almost without pause. Though the attacks didn't stop the army, they slowed progress considerably and the depredations on supplies became alarming.
The assaults were short and very fierce and Bethel noticed they were very well planned, the marauders never striking the same place twice. The plunder was systematic, which made it very difficult for southern men to defend their flanks. Every so often Bethel looked across at the warlord, his heart sinking at the warlord's thunderous aspect. Lodestok's temper worsened steadily as the day progressed, his boy slave knowing things would go ill for everyone, especially himself, once a halt was called. Frequently Lodestok fidgeted with his sword; that in turn pulled sharply on Bethel's torc. It made for a thoroughly unpleasant ride.


CHAPTER FORTY-TWO

The next thirty days stayed the same. Bethel was up at dawn, served Lodestok, rode all day, then served and amused his master again until the early hours. There was no respite. Bethel was so weary he found he dozed in the saddle off and on, then came to with a thudding heart and a squally gut. Fortunately, his horse just walked alongside the warlord's without any guidance from his rider.
Bethel struggled against exhaustion to learn all Morsh taught him, his progress remarkable, and, though he managed to get to Morsh daily, the sessions were brief and fraught. He was shown what to do, then sent sharply away. He sat his horse, practising his disciplines until he physically sweated with the effort and his teeth were clenched. He was practising in such a way one morning when, unexpectedly, he felt the warlord's hand touch his knee. The boy's trained response was immediate. The look up at Lodestok may have been strained but all the warlord saw were velvet eyes of compliance. Lodestok roughly pulled Bethel's horse close.
"Ride close to me, flower. I would talk with you." Bethel obediently bent his head.
"My lord."
"Tell me, petal," began Lodestok, playfully tugging at one of Bethel's curls, "how you go with your reading and seeking." Bethel felt for one ghastly moment as if he'd died. He never knew how he managed it, but he laughed.
"I'm only a novice, my lord," he responded, his strained face turned to face the warlord's. A huge hand stroked the boy's pale cheek.
"Jaden tells me you have a limited degree of skill."
"Does he, my lord? He's one who teaches me, but he's never suggested I'm out of the ordinary. He's very talented, isn't he?" Bethel forced himself to look directly into the cold eyes, though his heart quailed and he felt sick.
"He is better than you will ever know, little blossom." The quiet menace in the warlord's voice was unmistakable. "You will confine what you learn to music, the military and history from today, little bud, is that clearly understood?" Even as he nodded, Bethel felt the cold eyes absorb him.
He shivered at the threat, whispering, "Yes, my lord."
When Lodestok quite deliberately put his fingers to Bethel's torc and sharply wrenched it, the boy choked down any cry. Bethel hadn't felt this degree of anxiety for nearly a season.
"I should be loath to damage my pretty flower in any way," the quiet voice continued, "but if I have to, I will."
The warlord released the torc, leaving Bethel with an uncomfortably pounding head. He tried to speak, but couldn't. He rode next to the warlord in silence, his eyes watering and his hands trembling as they fidgeted with the reins. Lodestok indicated that he wanted Bethel even closer. The boy automatically obeyed.
"Well," purred the silky voice. "You will do as I say, flower, will you not?"
"My lord," murmured Bethel, lifting his head with an effort.
"And you do understand me, do you not, little petal?"
"Yes, my lord, I do."
"No more reading or seeking, little bud, other than with Jaden should he ask for you."
"No, my lord."
"Good," said Lodestok, in a satisfied voice. "Now, boy, I wish to be entertained. Can you think of a way to pass the time as we ride?"
~~~
Bethel's visits to Morsh continued in an erratic fashion as the army rode further north. Each session was more fraught than the last, but despite that, the boy's learning was so very rapid and accurate it surprised even Morsh. The healer hadn't come across such a pupil for many cycles, except, of course, the one who now rode with the army and had no need to physically visit his tutor these days - they communicated in other ways.
Bethel was painfully cautious in his visits, changing times and routes he took so that no suspicions would be aroused. He knew how perilous his situation was. He was conscious, too, of the suffering that could be inflicted on the kindly man who risked his life to teach him, so, into those brief times with Morsh Bethel desperately crammed as much as his mind could comprehend and he practised until he almost dropped.
This crisp morning, before the camp was fully astir, Bethel set off to see Morsh, as usual taking his customary precautions. He was completely unprepared for the shock that met him at the baggage train. He saw no elderly reader-seeker fettered to a wagon wheel. What he did see shook him to his very essence. Morsh's battered head adorned a pike that reared up from the back of the wagon and where those gentle, far-seeing eyes had been, were empty blackened sockets.
Bethel gagged violently. He turned to the grass verge as his body convulsed and heaved. As he vomited, he felt a hand on his shoulder. He knew, without looking up, who it was, because in the entire camp there was only one huge hand that could grip him with such remorseless strength.
Bethel was swung round like a puppet, lifted off his feet in one effortless movement and was roughly and callously flung into the wagon to be stood face to face with the ghastly death mask stuck on the pike. He saw the warlord grin at him wolfishly, his pale eyes blazing with that peculiar light of anticipation that was so indescribably terrifying. Bethel felt strangled and couldn't get his breath. He was the colour of parchment.
"Now, little flower," came the deep rumble. "Can you explain your presence here to me?"
Trying hard to get control of his speech, Bethel caught his lower lip between his teeth. He failed. Lodestok didn't wait for an answer. He swung the boy up into his arms as if Bethel was a limp doll, strode from the baggage train and stalked across the camp into his pavilion and across to the bed. Without a word, the warlord dropped Bethel onto the bed and sat himself so that he could lift the boy, bent backwards, across his knees.
Bethel stared up at his master. His nostrils flared with sheer fright and his pupils dilated. His long hair swept the ground. His hands unconsciously clenched and unclenched. The warlord no longer grinned.
"I could break your back and then your neck, little flower, could I not?" he purred softly. Bethel wet his lips. The look on the warlord’s face was frightening.
Bethel managed to whisper faintly, "My lord."
Lodestok ran a finger from the scar on Bethel's face down to the boy's stomach. He chuckled when Bethel tensed.
"Could I not, boy?" he repeated. He exerted pressure on Bethel's spine, watching as the boy winced. He pressed harder. "So brave, petal," mocked the soft voice, "and so disobedient." The young spine ominously cracked. Bethel gasped. "Shall I continue to break you, little bud, do you think? Or can we find a more fitting and colourful punishment for you?" The pressure eased. "If," mused the silky voice, "I break your spine, you will be of no use to me at all." The warlord was reflective for a moment. Bethel was unable to move. "What do you have to say to your master, flower, for being disobedient?" Pressure went back on the spine.
"I beg understanding," came out so faintly, the warlord had to bend his head. The boy's spine cracked twice. This time Bethel yelped.
"What, petal, did you say?"
"I beg your understanding, my lord."
"Ah, now, begging. That is much better, little flower. You ask for understanding do you? How very quaint." Lodestok unexpectedly yanked the boy from the bed and onto his feet, before he pressured Bethel to his knees. His voice was dangerously quiet. "Perhaps you would like to explain why I should understand you, little bud?"
Bethel's head hung between powerful thighs. He looked very young and very fragile. Courageously he lifted his head, only to have it viciously forced back. The big eyes swam, but they looked directly into the fiercely uncompromising pale ones.
"Speak, boy, before you find you cannot." The warlord continued to stare down. "You did clearly understand my orders, boy?" Bethel swallowed. He licked his lips again.
"Clearly, my lord," he replied in a dry whisper. The wolfish grin reappeared on Lodestok's face.
"Speak then," he ordered, giving the shoulder he held a shake.
"I was deeply afraid, my lord." The warlord's upper lip curled in a sneer.
"You mean you are now afraid," he answered contemptuously. A rough hand grasped Bethel’s hair.
"Both, my lord." Bethel tried to hang his head, but had it wrenched sharply back.
"Look at me, boy! Do not hang your damned head! Go on, speak!" The words were punctuated by a sharp yank on the curls.
"When Jaden entered my mind he made me see things I couldn't see." A sob came into Bethel's voice. He prostrated himself on the ground.
"What? When was this? How could he make you see what you could not see? What nonsense is this?" Lodestok kicked Bethel hard. "I told you to look at me, damn you! Do it!"
"If you're made to see, but can't, my lord, you can lose your mind." As he spoke, Bethel stumbled clumsily to his feet to stand next to the warlord. Lodestok gripped the boy's wrists painfully.
"How novel," was the uninterested response. Bethel looked up at the warlord.
"My lord, I felt I could lose mine."
"So?" Lodestok's grip on Bethel tightened to such an extent, a tear crawled down a young ashen cheek.
"I serve you, my lord. I didn't want anyone to use me in a way you might not wish." A scornful crack of laughter met this.
"Such infantile arrogance, little man. You, flower? A mere child against Jaden?" The warlord paused, before adding softly, "You could still serve me, mindless or not." A gleam came into the blue eyes as they continued to stare down. "Are you telling me, little petal, that it all came from wanting to serve me?" Miserably, Bethel let his eyes fall from contact with those menacing and measuring ones. Lodestok's grip lessened. "What a silly little fool you are!" came the added rider as the warlord let Bethel go.
He strode across the pavilion, stooped at a cabinet, then straightened. Bethel staggered, then saw the phial in Lodestok's hand and shrank back in alarm.
"Yes, little petal, this is exactly what you think it is." The warlord paused. His eyes ran up and down Bethel as he strode back across the pavilion.
"My lord, no! Don't make me drink soche!"
With each word Bethel spoke, the warlord drew the boy closer, encircled him with his free arm and pulled Bethel in hard against his chest as Bethel strained to pull clear. Then he simply yielded. He stood limply, waiting. Such compliance infuriated Lodestok - he roughly shook the boy and snarled at him to show spirit. Still Bethel stood there. Lodestok gave an angry growl.
Sarssen entered the pavilion with a hasty stride, just as the warlord unstoppered the phial. He came to a sudden halt, his eyes keen but cold as he stared across at warlord and boy. Lodestok turned. His feral grin returned, and, still holding Bethel firmly, he placed the phial on the ground beside him.
"Sarssen," he said, surveying the tall figure. "You are come at a good time. This child disobeyed me. It is only because he went to a lesser reader, in direct defiance of my order, that I shall spare his miserable life." Lodestok turned to stare at the dark head. "Had you gone to one higher than a Level Two, boy, you would hang on a cross by now."
Bethel's teeth chattered. His legs felt weak. He knew, then, how very close he'd come to being discovered. He felt nauseating cramps in his stomach. Released, he reeled backwards and went into a crouch. He coughed. Lodestok faced Sarssen.
"What do I do to cubs who flagrantly disobey me?" he asked conversationally.
"Punish them so they never do so again," was the reply.
"Quite so," agreed the warlord. "And what would you suggest?"
"There are various ways, my lord. All would teach him." Lodestok turned on Bethel and crossing to him, kicked him very hard again.
"Stand tall, little petal!" Bethel glanced across to Sarssen and got a long cold, appraising look in return. "Soche seems appropriate for such defiance, do you not think so, Sarssen?"
"Too painless, my lord," came the cold response. “And it would affect his ability to make the music you so enjoy.”
Bethel stared at the warrior again, fear making him giddy. He sought for any sign on Sarssen's face, but the warrior remained impassive. The warlord also stared at Sarssen for a long minute, before he laughed and went over to the warrior to clap him on the shoulder.
"Too painless, you think?" he chuckled. "And what would you say the boy merits, apart from a very thorough thrashing? Your alternative to soche, Sarssen?"
"He is heedless. He needs a lesson, my lord, a painful one. It may make him think before he disobeys you again. You taught me so once, you may recall, my lord. It reminds me every day."
Bethel backed away from the two men, a hand up to ward them off as he watched Lodestok take three long strides to bring him close. The warlord quickly took the upheld hand. He laughed now. His hot anger was dissipated and there was only anticipation in his eyes. In one movement he jerked Bethel against him, easily held the boy immobile and his pale eyes looked over Bethel's head to Sarssen.
"What was it I did to you, Sarssen boy, all those cycles ago?" Sarssen gave the flicker of a smile.
"And did I ever forget your lesson, my lord?" he asked quietly.
"No, boy, you did not. Well then -." Lodestok paused. Then he dragged the boy back across the pavilion and sat abruptly on the bed, Bethel roughly pulled sprawling across him. "Now, little flower of mine. We do not want to disfigure you, do we? So -."
The warlord looked across at Sarssen, his grin broadening as Bethel felt hands at his belt. Bethel watched as if he was a spectator and not a participant. He watched, paralysed by fright, as Sarssen approached the bed, offering his knife, hilt first, to the warlord. Lodestok took it. He flicked the wicked-looking blade with a careless finger, his conversation with Sarssen passing over Bethel's head. All the boy could see was the blade gleam so terrifyingly close. Bethel knew Sarssen took both his hands and firmly gripped them and the warlord had him in a hold he couldn't break. He was completely helpless. He felt the knife tickle his lower abdomen, then cut very deeply.
A moan was wrung from him, and, just as he was about to scream, he got a mental blast that shook him from his curls to his booted feet. The scream was stillborn. Bethel cringed back into the warlord's lap, staring up incredulously at the face above him. Panic returned when he felt a deeper stab of the knife, but before the boy could throw back his head to scream or howl, the icy fury in the voice in his head made him shiver with shock. He shut his mouth and listened.
"Pull yourself together, you young fool," the voice snarled. "Pain is subjective, so use your skills to block it. Do you wish to die?"
When Bethel allowed full awareness to return, he found he stood trembling by the bed and watched, in a detached way, as the warlord wiped the blood from Sarssen's blade before returning it. The boy noted the grin was still on the warlord's lips but it didn't touch the pale eyes. He shivered again. He felt wetness on his leg. The sense of dull pain was bearable. Sarssen stood next to Lodestok who looked distant and unforgiving, the warlord with an arm draped over the warrior's shoulders. As the warlord threw the boy his belt he addressed Bethel so softly the boy barely heard him.
"Remember what is carved into you, boy. If you forget again, little flower, your life is forfeit." The warlord turned deliberately away from Bethel. "Take him, Sarssen. Thrash him as you see fit, then return to me. We have had little time together of late." The warlord swung back to stare at the trembling boy, his look coldly assessing. "As for you, you disobedient pup, look at me when you are addressed!" Bethel quickly raised his head. "You will join the slave ranks and march with them, as one of them. Maybe then you will learn to appreciate your life with me." Lodestok gestured at Sarssen. "Tighten his chains to a slow walk and have him chained to the dead reader’s wagon. Get him out of here, before I flay the boy myself."
Lodestok turned his back and flung himself into a chair, his eyes closing. Sarssen eyed the boy in something akin to exasperation before he strode across the pavilion and shoved Bethel to the entrance.
Sarssen didn't beat Bethel. He took one look at the young face and judged the punishment to come would be more than sufficient, any time spent among the unluckiest slaves a salutary and unwanted experience this slight boy could do without. His method of dealing with the boy was rough and effective as was his wont. When Bethel stood silent and apprehensive in front of him, the warrior sighed deeply.
"Get yourself out of those clothes, boy. You will need something more serviceable to wear on a slave train." Sarssen went over to a chest by his bed and stooping, began to haul out a pair of heavy breeches, hose, shirt, an embossed jerkin, a heavier jacket and long black serviceable boots. He glanced up at Bethel, adding, "You will just have to hope the boots fit. The ones you have on will not last you long."
The warrior watched the boy strip. Bethel dared a swift glance up at Sarssen, then stared down at the deeply cut tattoo on his abdomen, squinting with the effort.
"What does it say, my lord? Is it Churchik?" he asked nervously.
"It is Vaksh, boy, and it means 'obey'." Bethel was thoughtful. "Get dressed!"
Bethel obeyed, shivering as he hauled on the breeches that were rather large. He put on the under tunics, yanked up the boots, pulled the shirt over a very tousled head and caught and buckled the belt the warrior threw to him. He pulled on the heavy jerkin, but found he fumbled with the thongs that he tried to tie because his hands trembled so badly. Sarssen went to one knee to clasp the chain he'd earlier removed from around Bethel's ankles, locking it securely. Bethel knew the chain had been shortened and accepted the beginning of his punishment with a forlorn sigh. Sarssen stood looking down at him for a moment, then pocketed the key and left the pavilion while Bethel, restless, eyed the jacket dubiously before he pulled it on. It swam on him.
Bethel wandered round the pavilion restlessly, trying to ignore the stinging sensation. He tried to see what he could learn of the warrior from his pavilion but felt no nearer to understanding the man by any possessions he might have. The boy sensed nothing of Sarssen. The warrior remained an enigma.
When Sarssen returned, he carried a tray with a full plate, two mugs and a jug of steaming liquid. He paused at the pavilion entrance, surveying Bethel who was standing still, side on to the warrior.
"You are a very pretty boy, are you not?" he asked quietly. Bethel turned to face him, a faint blush touching his cheeks. "You are much prettier than I ever was." Sarssen sat on the large carpet square that dominated the centre of the pavilion and set down the tray. He looked up at Bethel. "Sit if you can. You will be sore for a few days but you will get over it. Sit."
Bethel automatically took the food Sarssen actually put in his hand, though he felt too worn and drained to eat. He put the rest of the food untouched in front of him. Sarssen glanced at the curly head.
"Eat, boy," he ordered crisply. "You will get nothing much with the slaves, the barkashads will see to that. Eat as much as you can."
Remembering the word carved into him, Bethel did as he was told. He also took the mug held out. Though the drink was hot, he took a deep gulp. It tasted very sweet. Sarssen had added nectar to it, Bethel thought shrewdly, raising the mug again. Neither spoke. To an onlooker it would have made a curious picture, a large blonde warrior seated opposite a slender dark boy who ate and drank as bidden.
When Sarssen felt the boy had eaten enough, he rose. He picked up a comb from his bed cushion and came back over to Bethel. He swept back all the curls, tied them tightly with a coarse riband at the nape of Bethel's neck, then attached a long heavy gold chain to the torc Bethel wore, before he flicked the chain end into the boy's jerkin pocket. He looked long and hard at Bethel, before he rose and turned to the entrance.
"Come, boy." Bethel winced as he got stiffly to his feet.
"My lord," he began hesitantly. Sarssen bent a hard look down at him.
"What is it?"
"Did you speak in my mind?" Sarssen frowned.
"Yes, boy."
"Can you - are you a reader?"
"Of sorts, boy, of sorts."
"Are you -?"
"I do not discuss myself with children," came the curt response, cutting Bethel short.
"I just wished to say thank you, my lord," whispered Bethel. Sarssen pursed his lips, then crossed purposefully to Bethel.
"Look at me, child," he said quietly. When Bethel obeyed, big solemn but nervous purple eyes meeting cool, tranquil green ones, the warrior touched him gently on the forehead. "You will forget any discussion we may have had until I give you leave to remember it. You heard nothing in your mind at all. Do you understand?" Sarssen stepped back and watched the boy rub his eyes tiredly. "Do you understand, boy?"
Without thinking or knowing why he was asked, Bethel simply murmured as of habit, "Yes, my lord."
~~~
He accompanied the warrior to the middle section of the slave baggage train and stood silent when several barkashads glanced up on their arrival. He heard the cold remoteness of Sarssen's voice. The barkashads were among the most hated and feared men in the camp.
"Grytch, this is the warlord's slave boy. He will be with you until further notice. He is to be treated no differently from any of the others you understand, and is to be chained to the wagon where the executed reader walked. You will chain him to the same pike of an evening. And Grytch, gods help any man who attempts to play with the warlord's boy: do I make myself clear?" Giving a knowing leer, Grytch came forward and grasped Bethel firmly by one arm.
"Very clear, my lord. Can he be broke to the wheel first?"
"Since that is what you do when you receive a slave, then by all means. Do not damage the boy irreparably, of course."
Bethel gave the warrior a piteous look. He was shoved roughly forward. Sarssen watched three barkashads respond to Grytch's signal and heard the wicked whistle of the barkashad's cane as he walked away.
Bethel endured harrowing days on the slave trail. The beating he received, similar to what he saw other captives receive in early Ortok days and given as a warning to him to obey, left him with cuts that hurt to such an extent he was unable to sit comfortably.
He saw the same treatment meted out to any who arrived at this part of the train after he did, and realised that his breaking was mild compared with what was administered to others. He knew it was intended to break a new slave's will and saw it was largely successful. Several slaves were brought to Grytch while Bethel was there and he saw the deeper cuts on them that went from shoulders to calves. It made the boy count his blessings. The canes the barkashads used inflicted considerably more pain than their whips, the men thoroughly expert in the way they flicked the wicked canes to deliberately draw blood. Bethel had no intention of behaving in any way that would merit another caning; he learned that lesson instantly.
He was chained to the wagon both by his torc and a heavy metal manacle round his wrist, the chains not especially long which meant the boy had to pace his small steps to keep with the speed of the wagon. Morsh's head still adorned the pike. It smelled and attracted flies. But it wasn't for nothing Bethel had survived cycles of life with the warlord.
To pass the time he practised what Morsh taught him, though at times he'd look at the head above him, grieving. If the march was a struggle for Bethel, with fetters in addition to his chains, plus his tattoo and the cuts from the beating, the only sign of it at the end of the day was a pronounced limp. Sweat plastered the boy's forehead. Any jibes, sneering and abuse he received, he just accepted. He made no effort to defend himself. By the end of the first few days he was largely ignored, though the barkashad continued to taunt him and treated him with bitter contempt.
Like the other slaves, he was given enough bread and water to survive on and no more. He took the cuffs and flailing whip as did everyone else. The nights were worst. He was shoved onto the wagon to be shackled so he was almost immobile, to the same pike as held Morsh's head. Wherever Bethel looked, he always came back face to face with Morsh and he'd shudder.
If the experience was meant to frighten Bethel, it failed utterly. It brought about a hardening in the boy that was unexpected, and, after several days, Bethel didn't see the head in front of him. Instead he saw only the kindly man who'd done so much for him and he swore to himself that he'd make the little elderly healer proud - that was if he survived. He never stopped practising, unless he drifted into an uneasy dose.


CHAPTER FORTY-THREE

Luton came to a dead stop. Terror made him unwilling to move. When one warrior, older and more senior than the others, stepped forward, Luton took a trembling step back. Shek stood behind him and made him stay, a strong hand holding the boy's shoulder. Luton knew the language well enough to follow the conversation.
"Is this the mute from Ortok?"
"Yes," responded Shek. He bent his head respectfully to a warrior who clearly outranked him.
"As I said before, we have been sent for him."
"May we ask on whose authority?" The senior Churchik produced a seal that was unmistakable. "Ah, gods," breathed Shek, turning to look at Autchek.
"Tell the boy he is to ride with us." Shek turned Luton round to face him, noticing as he did how white and rigid the boy was.
He said quietly, "Karek, these men have come for you." Shek managed, but barely, to look over Luton's head to the senior warrior. "Is this to be his master?" The warrior nodded curtly. "Karek, you are to go to the sorcerer Blach. These men will escort you." When Shek looked into agonised dark eyes he was surprised to feel something akin to pity. His hand on the boy tightened.
"Why do you call the boy by that name?" asked the senior warrior, with a flicker of interest.
"We do not know the boy's name," responded Autchek, stepping forward from the background. "Silent One seemed to suit him." The senior warrior strode forward, caught Luton's shoulders and swung the boy away from Shek to face him again.
"One thing I need to know, boy," he said coldly. "Is your name Luton?" The shock of hearing his name after so long made Luton shake. "Is it, boy? Answer me."
Luton tried to turn back to Shek, but couldn't, and desperately looked beyond the warrior to Autchek. Autchek saw the imploring plea on the boy's face. He knew, instantly, this slave's name was indeed Luton.
"Let me," suggested Shek. He turned the boy once more to face him. He grasped Luton's chin and made the boy look at him, reading the eyes as easily as he'd always done. "So, that is your true name, is it, Karek?" Pathetically, Luton shook his head after Shek let him go. The warrior glanced over at the senior warrior, saying, "His name is Luton."
"Tell him," came the coldly, disinterested voice, "that he will not be hurt. Our orders are to get him south as quickly as possible. The sorcerer, I believe, may have access to the boy's mind."
Luton put his hands to his head. He stared at the warrior with terrified comprehension. The warrior read the boy's instinct to run and promptly gripped a wrist.
"You understand Churchik, do you, boy?" Luton nodded. "Then your master will be pleased with you. You know he touched your mind, do you not?" Luton nodded again. He licked his lips and swallowed hard. "You will know then, that he can control you from where he is, if he so wishes?"
Luton stood limply for just a second, then unleashed all the strength he had. He fought. He was taller and stronger than he'd been, but he wasn't a match for even one warrior, least of all a senior one. He wildly shook his head. He pointed to his forehead. He bit the senior warrior who held him very firmly, wrenched free and threw himself at Autchek's feet, grasping the old warrior round the ankles as if his life depended on it.
The senior warrior had a hand to his whip, but the old warrior held up a cautionary hand and very gently brought the boy to his feet. He held the clutching hands, looked deeply into panic-stricken eyes and quietly waited for Luton's breathing to even. Then he calmly crouched and pulled Luton down beside him.
"Your mind?" he said gently. Luton nodded. "Has someone entered your mind?" The senior warrior stood back, flexed his bitten fingers and watched thoughtfully as Shek went over to the crouching pair. Luton still nodded. "Did it frighten you?" Luton gave a sharp intake of breath. "It was a very powerful mind, was it not?" The fear in the black eyes deepened. "You will get used to it in time, Karek. I am sure your new master did not mean to frighten you so much." The dark eyes stared intensely into warrior blue ones and Luton nodded. "You think he did?" When Luton showed agreement, Autchek shook his head. "Why? To make you fear him?" The nodding continued. "Well then, you will respect him, will you not?" Another deep intake of breath answered that.
"You have to go, Karek," said Shek, quietly from above them. Luton looked longingly and despairingly at Autchek, who sadly shook his head.
"I am so sorry, Karek," the old warrior whispered, tears in his eyes. "I wish I could keep you myself, but that is impossible." Luton hung his head. He made no effort to move when the senior warrior came up to him.
"On your feet, boy," he was ordered curtly. For the first time in seasons, Shek and Autchek saw tears fall when Luton obeyed. "Does he wear chains or just the torc?"
"Just the torc, my lord."
"Can the boy ride?" came the next abrupt question.
"No," answered Shek, his eyes on the forlorn figure with the bent head.
"Then he will learn the hard way. Come, boy."
The senior warrior grasped Luton by one wrist and led him over to one of the horses. He made no effort to pull away. He was thrown up into the saddle, his feet were placed in the stirrups and the warrior standing next to the horse was told to be mounted and to take the reins of the boy's horse.
The other warriors mounted and without another glance back, they urged their horses forward. Autchek took a step and then stopped, turned sharply and went into his unsel. Shek watched the frail form swaying in the saddle until he could no longer see it in the distance.
Luton had never ridden a horse, so just sat swaying to the motion of the animal for as long as the warriors rode. He didn't, they noticed, look up once. The beauty of the country seemed destroyed for him. All his terrors and dreads crowded in on him so oppressively he could scarcely breathe. To be in the hands of Churchik warriors in this way was more than the boy could bear.
When a halt was called and he felt his horse reined in, Luton swayed in the saddle. He was lifted down as though he weighed nothing and set on his feet, but was so giddy he couldn't keep his balance. He was lifted again and carried over to a tree. He was helped to the ground, where his head was pushed hard between his knees. He gagged but didn't vomit. A firm hand held his head down for a few minutes. Then he sensed another hand near him. He turned his head to see a goblet held close and, used to responding to commands, he automatically lifted his head as directed, to fearfully look up at the warrior who spoke to him. This man's face was impassive but unthreatening.
"Drink, boy," came the deep voice.
Obediently, Luton took the goblet and drank. It was a fiery brew of some sort and he choked a little. The warrior nodded at him, and, as he drank again, a pleasant warmth crept over him that made him forget his aches and pains. He felt drowsy. The warrior looked thoughtfully down at the boy then left him.
When Luton woke, he was disoriented. He blinked, sat abruptly and looked straight into the face of the senior warrior who lounged opposite. All his terrors resurfaced. He struggled to his feet, retreating step by step, until he bumped into another warrior who stood behind him. The boy froze. His hands went up in a mute appeal. Making no effort to move, the senior warrior watched him.
Luton promptly went to his knees. When the warrior behind him raised an eyebrow at his senior and looked an enquiry, the older warrior gestured at the younger man to get the boy to stand. Luton sensed someone in front of him, felt hands pull him to his feet and shrank back from the warrior with so much dread in his eyes the warrior took an involuntary step back himself.
"Come back and sit," ordered the senior warrior. Luton obeyed, his fingers twining until they were white. He sat as far from the warrior as he could, head down.
"You will not be hurt if you do as you are told," the warrior said coolly, his eyes staying fixed on the bent head. This didn't reassure Luton at all. He didn't move. He wouldn't dare intimate that their ideas of hurt didn't coincide with his, nor did he have the courage to show he was frightened of being touched by any Churchik, let alone being near them. Shek he'd accepted as his master and the boy had come to like Autchek, but other warriors he feared to his very essence.
"We need to talk," went on the senior warrior. "How do you communicate?" Luton timidly lifted his head. "Do you know a sign language, boy?" He shook his head. "Do you just nod and shake your head?" Luton nodded. "Is your name Luton?" There was a tiny pause, then a reluctant nod. "Why did you say it was not?"
The senior warrior saw panic touch lovely, large, dark eyes. The boy noticeably paled. The warrior was silent for a long moment, his cold blue eyes scanning the emaciated form that sat still and cross-legged in front of him.
"Are you afraid?"
When Luton looked pathetically up at the warrior who stood directly behind him, the senior warrior immediately indicated, by the flick of a wrist, that his junior was to move well away. When Luton saw the man back to the other side of the fire, the senior warrior gave a grim little smile. His guess the boy was scared witless of Churchik was correct. Unobtrusively, he moved back from the boy as well. That made surprise break through apprehension in eyes fringed by impossibly thick black, curling eyelashes.
"Are you afraid?" the senior warrior repeated. The head nodded. "Is this easier for you?" Again the head nodded. "Will you answer my question about your name?" Luton pointed to his head in a way that made the warrior looked frowningly at him. "Your head?" The warrior watched carefully. "Inside your head?" The boy nodded. "You are frightened of something inside your head?" The head moved again. "Do you wish to know how I know your name?"
He watched as Luton sat more easily, his expression one of wary acceptance. "Then first," continued the warrior, "you tell me what happened to you." He saw terror and distress swamp eyes before the boy bent his head. "Look up, boy," came the quiet, deep voice. Luton obeyed, to see that the warrior held up his hand. "If that frightens you, I shall not demand an answer. Do all Churchik warriors frighten you so much?"
The warrior didn't need an answer in words. It was writ plain on the young face. He looked calmly at the boy. He hadn't had any time, other than when the boy was briefly asleep, to study him. He noticed several things about Luton. The boy was very tall. He was so painfully thin his ribs were exposed, was too frail looking for the experiences he'd obviously undergone and had suffered the ravages of fever. He'd been severely flogged, because the warrior felt the raised scars when, back at the camp, he touched the boy's shoulders, while some experience with warriors had left as indelible a mark as the whip. Though the boy was a survivor, he was as terrified as any boy the warrior had seen. He was about fourteen or fifteen cycles, and had endured, the warrior judged, a living hell for some time.
The warrior spoke quietly.
"I repeat, boy, you will not be hurt, nor will you be chained. You will obey us, will you not?" Luton nodded, his eyes wide and watchful. "You will not run away and make us bring you back?" Luton shook his head. "You know where we are taking you, do you not, boy?" The warrior could see terror back in the eyes, but he kept talking calmly and made no unnecessary movement. "He made contact with your mind and that frightened you?"
Luton put his hands back to his head. The warrior remembered how Shek said you could read the black eyes so easily. The answer was quite clear.
"And you do not wish to speak of where you once lived, perhaps as a child?" The head went down and stayed down. The warrior was silent for a few minutes, then said softly, "Answer me, boy." Slowly the head came up and was shaken. "Very well for the moment. You are well used to taking orders, are you not?" There was a nod and a distinct sniff as well.
"I know your name because I was told by your master who to bring south, but I cannot be sure how he knew where you were, boy." Luton looked across at the warrior uncertainly. "My name is Kher, but you will hear my men call me Haskar Kher. That is what you northmen would call my rank. Do you understand me?" Luton nodded quickly.
"Where did you learn to speak Churchik?" Luton mimed chains on his arms and throat. "A slave caravan?" Kher looked closely at the boy. "Were you part of one?" Luton nodded. "You were not, when we came for you." Luton shook his head and pointed to his mouth. The warrior's frown deepened and his eyes narrowed. "I know you cannot speak, boy, and that you are a slave," he said with some confusion. Luton patiently repeated the mime, but this time showed money changing hands. Kher's frown lifted.
"Ah," he uttered, with satisfied comprehension. "Mutes mean much more money at the slave market, do they not?" Luton nodded. "So you were taken to Shek?" The questions were answered with alacrity. "And he was going to sell you to the highest bidder. Do you know who would inevitably be drawn to a mute?" The black eyes clouded with the fear that was never far away, but the curly head nodded. "So, boy, you have known you were destined for the sorcerer?" The young head drooped, but nodded a second time. "Well then, you have merely changed escorts, have you not?"
The head lifted. The dark eyes looked very briefly into Kher's blue ones before Luton's nerve broke and his eyes dropped again. Kher stayed quiet. He studied the appealing face opposite and was acutely conscious he felt an odd surge of emotion when the boy had the courage to look directly at him.
"You must learn to ride, boy," was all he said, stretching. "We have a long way to go and we do so on horseback." Luton nodded, though Kher saw a flicker of disquiet in the big eyes and wondered why the mention of horses should evoke such a response. "You will look after us and do whatever we ask, is that understood?" Luton's eyes showed compliance. "On your feet then, boy."
Luton stood and waited. Kher looked at him surprised, wondering why the boy made no other move.
"You had better follow me," he said gently, suddenly understanding that this slave initiated nothing and was so submissive he only responded to direct orders.
~~~
The days that followed eased much of Luton's immediate dread, because none of the warriors showed the slightest interest in him. He was told what to do and then was left to do it. They didn't crowd him and when he withdrew at eating, as he'd been taught to do as a slave, he was left in peace. He'd not enjoyed such freedom for a very long time.
He began to eat more, though his habits were slow to change. At the first meal Luton hung back, anxious not to cause offence, then, when told to eat, he crept forward and nervously took a small piece of meat and a hunk of bread. He withdrew to eat it. When Kher stared at him, he immediately dropped both bread and meat. He didn't see the grim look come to the haskar's face; he only heard the quiet, deep voice tell him to pick up the food and come back to the fire. Apprehensively, he obeyed. He refused to look at the men.
"Look up, boy," instructed Kher. Licking his lips Luton did, astonished to see that the warrior held out a plate to him piled high with food. His eyes were riveted to the plate. "Take it, boy, and eat it."
Luton stood motionless, disbelieving, until Kher pushed the plate into his hands and repeated the command. From that meal on, the boy always stood a little back, waiting to be handed a plate. He never filled one for himself. It took him a while to understand he could drink whenever he wanted, and would stand uneasily, then wait until he thought no one was looking before he bent and helped himself.
He learned to ride, simply by doing it. For the first few days his horse was led, the pace set by Kher, gentle. Luton breathed more easily again and began to enjoy being out in the spring air. In the evenings, when camp was set and Luton had done his assigned tasks, Kher instructed the boy to mount the horse and he taught the slave boy how to ride. Though Luton flinched when the haskar was near, Kher noticed the terror lessened by the day and the warrior could eventually, very gently, touch the boy. Fear gave way to curiosity. The more the boy was taught, the more he wanted to know. After a week of intensive instruction, Luton developed a reasonable seat and could ride on his own alongside the Churchik. It would take him much longer to be confident, but he no longer fell off the horse and didn't dismount at night feeling crippled.
He was given new clothing. The loose pants he wore were of a lighter material and gathered into cuffs over which the boy wore light riding boots. Kher was with Luton when the boy tried on two pair of boots, before he found ones that were comfortable. He had large feet. When Luton pulled off his worn and broken sandals, Kher stooped and picked them up, looked at them, then quietly threw them away. The warrior carefully lifted one of the boy's feet. At the sight of the badly scarred sole Kher looked intently at Luton, who in turn looked nervously down at the ground.
"Walking in the caravan?" Kher asked coolly, placing the foot back on the ground.
Luton nodded. He hastily selected a third pair of boots that were comfortable and pulled them on. It was when the boy washed that the warriors saw the severity of scarring on the painfully thin shoulders, but they saw the scars much more clearly when Kher, after only a couple of days, made Luton strip off his torn and disreputable shirt. When he stooped, naked to the hips, to receive the blouson from one of the other warriors, Luton didn't see the haskar's face. Kher stared at the young body. He folded his lips into a tight line and made no comment. He could tell the boy still suffered discomfort, because Luton always wore his tops loose so they didn't unnecessarily touch his back. Kher now understood why Luton flinched when a hand neared him. Luton looked at the garment and nodded his curly head at Kher in way of expressing gratitude.
In those early days, Luton had his hair cut. When Kher sat him on an upturned cask, the large hand that held him felt the tremors run through the passive figure seated there. The hand was quickly removed. Once Luton knew what Kher was going to do, he just stayed obediently while his curls were clipped back off his face and shoulders.
Kher turned him round, saying in a satisfied voice, "Now you look much better, boy."
Luton rose promptly when ordered to and stood still as he always did. Kher moved away from the boy, absently threw the cut curls on to the fire, then looked back to the still standing figure. He waved dismissal. He watched the youth walk away from him, noticing that, in only ten days, the boy no longer stooped or hunched but held himself erect. He bent his head less, but wouldn't make eye contact unless forced to, was properly clean and not quite so distressingly emaciated. Nor was the boy's face paper white. He had an interest in learning anything he could.


CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR

One morning, Kher found the boy had picked up a book left lying around. When he asked Luton if he enjoyed reading, he saw a faint flicker in the boy's black eyes in response - taking that as a positive sign, the haskar began to teach the boy about the south. Luton was still very timid and startled easily, the fear and dread never far away, but at least, Kher thought, they weren't ever present. The frailty remained. That, Kher knew, he couldn't remedy because fever left its victims that way.
After a few weeks, Luton began to look graceful on horseback and it was apparent to all the warriors the boy had a deep affinity for the animals. Whenever he could be, Luton was with the horses, grooming them and stroking them. The Churchik warriors, under strict orders, left him alone.
Kher dismounted late one afternoon, signalling with his hand that they had travelled far enough. Everyone halted. Turning around in the saddle, Luton looked behind him to the receding Dakhilah mountains. As they rose steeply against the horizon, Luton thought they looked menacing rather than grand. The comfort of the dense forest dwindling into attractive copses and meadows was gone, because they now rode across plains that swept endlessly in all directions, beyond where the boy could see. He acknowledged they covered ground very quickly and as he turned back in the direction they travelled, his guts contracted with a twist of apprehension. He was coming ever closer to the man he knew could crush his mind as though it were a fragile shell.
With an effort, he looked across at Kher who wasn't paying any attention to either Luton or the warriors. The warrior lord had tethered his horse at a clump of bushes and was staring across the plains, his brow puckered into a frown as he squinted into the low-lying sun. The other Churchik had tethered their horses likewise and lazily stretched. One of them, Han by name, looked up at Luton still astride his horse.
"Off your horse, boy," he said with authority. "You have work to do."
Luton started, immediately slid to the ground and led his horse to the shrubbery. As he set to caring for the horses, he kept an eye on Kher who seemed to be looking for something. Finally, the haskar turned and sharply ordered camp set before he turned to watch Luton water the horses. He spoke abruptly.
"You will sleep in my unsel tonight." Luton froze. He couldn’t move. His eyes were wild and alienated. Kher eyed him and frowned. "Stop what you are doing and come here," he commanded curtly. Luton approached Kher with such reluctance the haskar strode over to him and pulled him close. "What do you think I will do to you?" Kher asked, in tones of annoyance and exasperation, his riding crop under Luton's chin to make the boy look up at him. The scared eyes caught the warrior completely by surprise. Then, suddenly, he understood. "I believe you will be safer, that is all. A mattress will be placed well apart from mine."
Kher walked away to the other warriors. He watched the boy from a distance. As soon as the haskar was back with his men Luton lifted his head, a hand brushed across his eyes and he stood irresolute for some moments, as if, in some way, he tried to regain poise and balance. Quietly, he moved back to the horses.
Kher stooped, pulled a waterskin from the saddlebags he’d thrown on the ground and drank deeply and thoughtfully. Han glanced over at Luton.
"What frightened him, my lord?"
"Me," came the grim answer. Kher looked at the younger warrior with a half-smile. "I think I know one reason why he is so scared of us."
"Why, my lord?"
Kher took another draught from the skin and absently handed it to Han, saying, "He has been brutally raped by warriors at some stage." Han looked across at Kher astonished.
"He cannot think all warriors -." He broke off when he saw Kher's upper lip curl.
"Can he not, Acedar? What other experience does he have?"
"None, my lord." Kher was deeply reflective.
"It is not just that either." He tapped his boot with his riding crop, while he studied the tall slight figure spreading covers over the horses. "Something happened to him in his own city that made him close to mindless." He shrugged. "Perhaps we shall know, perhaps not, but at least we are one step closer to understanding him."
"Why does the sorcerer want him, my lord?" Kher looked at the acedar with an odd lift to the corner of his mouth.
"What makes you think he confides in me? The warlord has placed me at Blach's service in the meantime. I do what I am asked."
Abashed, Han plugged the waterskin and put it back carefully in the haskar's saddlebag. Then he turned away and busied himself, while Kher stood thinking. Once camp was struck and food was cooked, Kher idly watched Luton as the boy patiently waited to be given food.
When Lus handed Luton a plate, Kher said indifferently, "Sit with us this evening, boy."
Luton stared down at him with his eyes wide, swallowed hard, but obediently sank where he stood. He made no attempt to eat; he just sat cross-legged with the plate on the ground in front of him.
"Eat, boy," Lus ordered, pointing at the plate.
Nervously, Luton picked it up and began to eat, every so often looking about him uneasily, then when no one moved and ignored him, his shoulders untensed and his eating became more relaxed. The warriors stretched and yawned. Lus pushed his plate to one side and rolled onto his stomach with a sigh. Han lounged back on his elbows, unconsciously imitating Kher, while Abek and Emil leaned back to back, their legs stretched out and their eyes closed. Kher half-closed his eyes too, but he was watching Luton. The warrior had learned to read the boy's eyes long ago.
Luton looked at each warrior in turn. Kher saw nervous curiosity as the black eyes roved from face to face and wondered how this frail, slender youth would cope with belonging to the sorcerer. Kher suspected the boy's mind would be touched and for some reason that disturbed him. He'd been instructed to bring the boy as quickly as possible, making sure the boy was undamaged. Kher was doing that to the best of his ability but knew he couldn't present Luton whole. The boy was irreparably harmed beyond anything Kher could do for him. He accepted the boy had been abused by warriors; that was almost inevitable as a casualty of war with the Churchik. Other boys endured the same, but they didn't react with such helpless and pitiful terror. No, Kher thought, there was something else.
Kher's eyes closed. As he let his mind drift, he wondered if perhaps Luton had witnessed - Kher's eyes snapped open. He looked across at Luton who'd rolled onto his side and plucked at the grass.
"Boy," said Kher, very gently. Luton looked up, his eyes wary. "Who did you watch die and how did they die?"
Han and Lus tensed. Abek and Emil weren't asleep either, their eyes opening and closing quickly.
Luton didn't move. He looked at Kher in sheer horror, his mouth open and working soundlessly. Then, without being aware of it, he was on his feet and running blindly. He may have lacked stamina but he was extremely fleet-footed. Though he heard movement behind him he didn't care and put a hand to his throat because he felt he choked and couldn't breathe. Memories he'd forced away flooded his consciousness and he knew he cried.
The horse behind didn't catch up with him. It paced him. He swerved, still running blind. The horse followed him. He realised he was being allowed to run and that he'd be left to run until he dropped. He accepted defeat and came to a trembling halt, hands up to his head in an effort to push back the terrible screams that re-echoed in his brain and drove him close to madness. Sweat dripped from him while, hunched, he waited for the whip to fall.
It didn't. Instead, Kher drew up the horse next to Luton, the warrior extending a hand down to the boy. Weakly, Luton took it, only to feel a strong arm haul him up onto the horse and fling him onto his stomach, where he still lay motionless when the horse came to a halt, then, when Lus pulled the boy from the saddle, Luton curled up on the ground. He took a goblet pushed insistently at his hands and, as usual, obeyed the command to drink. He heard Kher's voice, somewhere near him.
"It does not matter, boy. Let be, just let be." The haskar seemed to be a long way away. Luton heard the voice again. "Forget, boy, try to forget."
He felt that strange warmth spread through him and the trembling stopped. Lifted in very strong arms he tried to fight, but he felt the onset of creeping, numbing tiredness and knew he was laid down and a cloak spread over him. As Luton drifted asleep, Kher stood and looked down at the white, tear-stained face. He glanced at the warriors, his expression grim and forbidding.
"I guess we know why he is so afraid of Churchik warriors, do we not?" He added more to himself than to the others, "I wonder what he was forced to see, or do, that he should react so."
~~~
When Luton woke he felt relaxed and warm. He stared above him, saw he was covered with a warm cloak and was lying partly under a bush. He noticed early evening had passed. Yawning, he stretched and looked around him to see the warriors in a group, in the failing light, some distance from him. He sat nervously, not sure what to do because his memory was a little hazy. Abek noticed the movement first.
"My lord," he said quietly. "The boy is awake."
"Leave him," was the curt reply. "See what he does."
Luton got to his feet and folded the cloak. He stood irresolute with the cloak under one arm, then he walked very tentatively to where the warriors sat and looked at them. No one spoke. Luton stood there, looking from one to the other in confusion. Unexpectedly, he went around the younger warriors to Kher where he knelt, head down and the cloak first held out, then placed carefully by the older man. Kher stared at him in considerable surprise that deepened when a trembling finger touched his left cuff. Blue eyes met dark ones. Luton pointed with his other hand out to the plains and shook his head. Kher continued to look at the boy, his face expressionless.
Abek said very quietly, "Strange though this may seem, my lord, but I think the boy is trying to apologise." Kher didn't move. His eyes held the dark ones.
"Are you?" he asked. The head nodded. "Why?" Luton pointed to the plains, to himself, then to Kher. "Is it because you promised not to run from us?" The head nodded once, then drooped. "Look at me, boy." Luton lifted his head, but wouldn't meet the blue eyes. "I gave you an order." Kher, likewise, spoke very quietly. Black eyes met his reluctantly and held once more. "Are you listening to me?" The head nodded. "You will not be hurt unless you do something to warrant it. I accept your apology - you were very badly frightened, were you not?" Kher saw the answer in sad eyes. "We shall forget it. How old are you?" Luton looked away, shrugging helplessly. "How old were you at home?" Luton counted on his fingers to twelve.
Kher gestured to the boy that he get to his feet and Luton stood there, one booted foot scuffing the ground. Kher nodded at him.
"You may do as you wish until it is time to sleep. Do not wander far and remember you are to sleep in my unsel." Luton nodded, before drifting rather aimlessly away from the warriors.
"Emil," said Kher softly.
"My lord?"
"Do not let him out of your sight."
"No, my lord." Emil stretched and rose noiselessly.
"Han."
"My lord?"
"You will take guard tonight."
Han nodded and then lazed back on to the long grass. Kher got to his feet, walked over to his unsel and threw himself down on one of the mattresses, reflectively closing his eyes. When a tall figure crept past him and sank silently to the second mattress, a smile touched the haskar's now opened eyes. The boy removed his boots and clothes. Kher heard him pull cloaks about himself. Very soon the warrior heard deep and regular breathing and finally, Kher allowed himself to go to sleep.
Travelling across the plains was a monotonous exercise, though Kher thought the boy found it restful. Kher set a watch every night. In the distance Luton often saw a solitary rider, sometimes a small group of them, but no one came near the Churchik. Luton sensed a degree of tension in all five men and wondered idly if he would reach any of these groups of riders, only to abandon the thought. The warriors were more than a match for him.
Luton accepted these men intended him no harm. He realised Kher cared for him and that helped him to relax more each day. He still never smiled and his trust was devastated, but he no longer moved about in fear and the Churchik saw clarity in the black eyes in place of the clouded look that was always there. He ate with the warriors and curled up next to Kher of an evening without a second thought.
He was now very tall and hadn't stopped growing, nor had the boy got any heavier. Looking at the boy one evening, Kher again felt unease grip him when he thought what the sorcerer would most likely do to Luton. The frown that came to his face deepened and his look at the boy was tinged with regret and not a little compassion. Luton was sprawled not far away, on his stomach, his head rested on his arms in an attitude of rest, and because the boy had an obvious preference for solitude the warriors continued to leave him alone. Kher continued to study the long body, realising that the way the boy lay was one of Luton's most typical poses. That way he could stretch limbs that raised him to a height taller than Kher and all but Abek, who was six feet five inches tall without boots. There the resemblance with the Churchik ended.
Luton was still almost transparent, though he now ate well and was unafraid to show hunger. Kher doubted the boy would ever fill what should have been a large frame, the breadth of Luton's shoulders an indication of what he would, under normal circumstances, have developed into as a mature man.
Kher thought the thin face most attractive, the big black eyes expressive though haunted, the rebellious black curls that clustered thickly about the head and neck shiny and soft to the touch. Had Luton not been so shattered by his experiences, the haskar considered he would have been a very strikingly handsome boy. Without the physical frailty and with animation, Luton would have been so different. Kher felt the wrench he always experienced when he looked at this enigma of a boy and felt again a tug at his heart.
"Luton," he called softly, watching the dark head come up and turn questioningly towards him. Kher beckoned. Luton hauled himself to his feet, to crouch down beside the haskar who pointed at the ground. Obediently, the boy lounged beside Kher, his head tilted. "Would you like me to read you some more, boy?" Luton looked expectantly at the haskar, which Kher took for assent.
He quietly reached behind him and lifted a heavy bound volume into his lap, opening it to find the place they’d reached the evening before. As Kher began to read, he was aware of the boy stretched out again on his stomach, his chin in his hands and a faraway look in the black eyes. The haskar felt the boy's pleasure and sensed how relaxed Luton was. With a satisfied smile, he continued to read.
Luton stayed still, his eyes occasionally flickering from the haskar to the other warriors who sat around gambling amiably. Had he been asked, he would have said he felt about Kher as he did for Autchek. Both men treated him with care and affection and, though Luton was too devastated to properly respond, he yearned to. Fear of retribution held him back. This night, however, when the light became too faint for the haskar to keep reading outside, Luton very tentatively leaned forward as Kher closed the volume and touched the haskar on the arm. Kher stayed motionless as the boy's thin hand went nervously to the warrior's left hand, lifted it, and touched the hand to his mouth, brushing it against his lips before he gently placed the hand back in the haskar's lap. Black eyes looked into haskar blue. The haskar saw in Luton's the utter terror of reprisal. He knew what it cost the boy to make the gesture and came close to weeping for the tragedy that was Luton.
Moisture touched Kher's eyes as he very carefully put his hand onto the young head, gently ran his fingers through the tousled curls and, when the dark head touched his lap, Kher was caught by a sudden and unexpected wave of emotion that shook him. He let the boy stay there until Luton lifted his head, his eyes full of tears, before he nodded at the haskar and then clambered to his feet. He ran swiftly into the darkness.
From that day, the haskar seldom saw fear in Luton when he was close to the boy. Luton never repeated the gesture, but he wasn't averse to being near the haskar and his dark eyes lit up when Kher called to him or asked him if he wished to play cards, or be read to. The boy never took a step beyond his slave status, the haskar conscious Luton completely accepted that his life was one of servitude. He obeyed without question. He also did small things for the haskar that he hadn't been asked to do. The other warriors saw this, but though none of them commented, Han and Emil noticed how much more Luton was at ease around the haskar than around themselves.


CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE

The plains were soon left behind and Luton found that on veering sharply west, they entered very hostile country where grasses petered out to sand. Even the scrub that had given them shelter didn't grow here. It was intensely hot by day, but chilly at night. The sand swept away for miles in undulating ripples that changed in the hot winds that blew relentlessly. After they'd entered the desert, Luton was unable to get his bearings, sometimes standing during a break from riding, his head turned to meet the haskar's look with one of enquiry.
By day, the sun cooked the riders mercilessly. Luton was shown how to drape cloth over his head and shoulders for protection, the cloth held in place by plaited rope. He discarded breeches and boots for a long cool robe, baggy pants and sandals, the latter briefly reminding him of Autchek and Shek. He pushed the thought of them into his memory so he could feel no anxiety or hurt.
The dunes wound away in never-ending slopes that hurt Luton's eyes to look at them. He found himself continually squinting in the glaring brightness and it seemed to him that they moved very slowly. He would have sworn some days they never moved at all. He only knew they did when Kher realised how bemused the boy was and took him outside of an evening to teach him the positions of the stars. It was only then Luton truly believed they made progress. After Kher had taught him the constellations, the boy would be found standing alone outside the haskar's unsel of an evening, his head up and his eyes fixed on the stars. They seemed to mesmerise him.
The warriors never complained, Luton noticed. They were efficient, well organised and were obviously pushing themselves and the horses hard. As autumn crept closer, the nights closed in and it became very cold. Kher kept a close watch on Luton and if he saw the boy shiver at night, he immediately handed Luton another cloak and instructed the warriors to pull out more skins for the boy's mattress.
Luton looked forward desperately to the oases, eagerly pointing when one came into sight. Sometimes he thought he saw glimpses of green and would look questioningly at the haskar.
"Mirage, boy, only a mirage," Kher would say, watching Luton spur his horse forward to where he thought an oasis was, only to rein in his horse with a baffled expression in his eyes. Luton didn't see the smile in the haskar's eyes every time he did this.
He began to hate the desert as much as he had hated the mountains. The temperature changes made him alternately sweat or shiver, bringing back unwelcome memories. He also learned though, through warriors, to respect the desert and admired those he saw at a distance who lived in it. Sand was everywhere. It got into his food and into his bed, while his hair always felt full of it. He didn't adapt to the discomfort of desert living.
His first sand storm terrified him. The warriors saw it come sweeping across the dunes, the dust whipped into a whirlwind. Luton was pulled roughly from his horse and had a large cloth knotted hard around his face so that his nose and mouth were protected. Lus pointed to Luton's horse. He handed another larger and heavier cloth to the boy, before roughly pushing him almost into his horse.
Trembling a little with fright, Luton made the horse come down to its knees, his hands encouraging the horse a caress. Watching what the warriors did, he swiftly copied them. He tied the cloth to cover the horse's nose and mouth as best he could, before pulling his horse into the circle that was forming, the horses with their heads facing the centre. All the animals were coaxed to lie. Luton saw how expertly sheeting was pulled over each horse, and then tied from one horse to the other in an effort to keep the animals prone and as quietly close together as possible. Saddles were hastily thrown into the middle of the circle. Luton, looking up from the centre, was caught by a gust of wind and dust that flung him backwards. One of the warriors grasped him and yanked him down so hard he gasped. He was pushed next to one of the horses. From there he heard Kher's deep voice yelling.
"Get hold of the horse, boy, and take care of him. Keep his head to the centre. Keep your back to the wind, boy. Stay down." The screaming of the wind tore any more words away.
Luton crouched down apprehensively, feeling his shoulders pushed forward and not daring to look up. He almost choked with the dust. He held his breath for as long a spell at a time as he could. The sand whipped his exposed face painfully, he felt as though great pressure was exerted on his spine and put one hand to his head as the wind roared. Aware of movement beside him, he had to struggle to pacify the horse that tried to rise.
When the storm passed as quickly as it came, Luton relaxed forward to be followed by a cascade of sand that fell from behind, half burying him. The horse snorted and tried to rear. Hastily, Luton scrambled free, shook himself so that he could help unknot the sheeting holding the horses together, then eased the horse he'd been holding to its feet and removed the cloth from about its head. He saw Abek next to him and realised it was Abek's horse he held. The warrior came across to Luton and nodded pleasantly at the boy.
"I thank you, boy," he said calmly, stroking his horse's nose and crooning to it.
Once the riders had remounted and were ready to continue west, Luton looked around him at the sand dunes, aware how they'd changed yet again. He knew he was completely lost. He learned to quickly recognise signs of approaching storms with almost, Kher thought, a second sense and was off his horse before any of the Churchik. The haskar noticed the boy's strong affinity with nature, so he was unsurprised by this new understanding the boy seemed to possess.
Nothing untoward happened as they moved steadily southwest. When they met with fellow travellers of any persuasion, be they natives or traders permitted mobility by Churchik overlords, Luton was aware he was carefully flanked by all five warriors. He wasn't encouraged, even had he wanted to, to communicate with strangers in any way.
~~~
They came to the edge of the desert late one afternoon in a way that was quite abrupt. They wended their way through a shallow valley of sand and stones, topped a rise and saw sprawling green beyond them. Luton, peering curiously into the distance, could've sworn he'd seen what looked like a lake. He was therefore taken completely by surprise when Kher signalled a halt.
The warriors dismounted, except the haskar, who remained pensively astride his horse, his eyes searching into the distance as Luton's had done. The warriors drew their horses back as Kher gestured for Luton to dismount.
"Give your horse to Lus," he said quietly. Beginning to tremble, Luton obeyed. "Now, boy, come to me."
Apprehension gripping him, Luton walked over to the haskar and accepted the hand held down. This time, Kher placed the boy in front of him on the horse, aware of the frail body leaning back hard into him as if for reassurance. Guiding the horse with one hand, the haskar held Luton close to him with a strong and comforting arm, Kher very aware of the head that fell back against his chest.
Kher rode easily along the fringe of the desert in a westerly direction, until he saw a figure at some distance. He reined in the horse and spoke very gently.
"Get down, boy."
Luton obeyed. His heart raced. His breathing was ragged. Kher dismounted as well, and, taking the reins in one hand he began to lead the horse forward.
"Come, Luton," he ordered softly, looking back at the boy who dragged his feet. He caught Luton's left hand and held it in a strong grip. "Boy, none of us knows his destiny. I do not know yours, but I would hope you find your peace one day. That is important to me. I so wish, Luton, I could do more for you. Do you believe me?"
Kher came to a halt. He felt the convulsive grip on his hand and when Luton looked across at him, he read sad comprehension in his eyes. When Luton nodded and raised the haskar's hand to his lips, Kher gently pulled the boy against him, held him very close, and ruffled the curly head in an unconscious gesture of affection before he turned and began to walk again.
The figure they approached came nearer. Luton swallowed rising panic. He knew who awaited him and felt dread threaten to choke him. Kher felt the sweat on the boy's hand still clasped in his and when he looked across at the boy to see the head bowed, as it hadn't been for a very long time, he knew another absurd surge of deepest anxiety for this child as the sorcerer neared them.
"Boy," he whispered gently. Luton looked up, his face pathetic. "Have courage, boy. Gods willing we shall meet again."
The stranger stopped in front of them and looked coldly at both the boy and the haskar. His voice was emotionless.
"You may leave the slave with me, Haskar."
Kher felt a distinct qualm of unease as he reluctantly let go Luton's hand, his feelings about the boy confounding him and deeply disturbing his peace of mind. He took a step backward as Luton turned to him, fear mixed with entreaty in his eyes. The haskar's look at Luton was again compassionate and regretful.
The boy bit his lips as Kher quickly mounted and turned his horse, but glanced up at the warrior's retreating back knowing that again he'd lost someone who was kind and gentle and didn't harm him. He felt a wave of despair wash over him.


CHAPTER FORTY-SIX

The eleventh night for Bethel was worse than any other because it was suddenly bitterly cold. The chain holding him to the pike gave Bethel scarcely any room to move, and, because he'd nothing but a shirt and jerkin while his jacket was in tatters from the constant application of a whip, he nearly froze. There was little he could do to keep warm, except curl up into a miserable bundle and try to keep as still as possible to conserve heat. He was invariably hungry. He put that out of his mind by trying to ignore the gurglings of his stomach.
The warlord’s cuts chafed abominably and caused him pain in those first days, but ointment Sarssen had placed in the jerkin pocket made the tattoo bearable. Where the cane drew blood eased and the boy recovered from that very quickly. The cuts healed within a matter of days. His jerkin, under the rent jacket, saved him from the worst of the whiplashes from the slave barkashads who ogled him daily. All barkashads seemed equally brutish and the way they leered at Bethel, with eagerness and longing, gave the boy a very fair indication of what would've been his lot by now had he not belonged to the warlord. That knowledge made him shiver with apprehension and revulsion.
To Bethel's surprise, he managed to communicate with one of a troop of enslaved pikemen who sometimes marched close to the slaves. These men weren’t part of the slave train and got better treatment. This pikeman smiled at the boy stumbling along and made small encouraging comments if he was near enough. Bethel looked for him, a light coming to purple eyes that were weary and mournful. Other pikemen totally ignored his existence. This man neither physically abused him nor verbally berated him in the manner of the barkashads.
On the twelfth night Bethel shivered uncontrollably in the wagon. He couldn't sleep. While his chest ached with the cold, his feet burned from hours of tramping. He was so hungry he felt waves of faintness assault him. He forced them back. He wondered if he was to be left to die among the slaves. He now knew why so many gave in and let themselves die and it would be fitting, he thought in a state of light-headedness and exhaustion, for him to die as one of them.
He heard a slight scuffling beside the far wheel, but since it was the early hours of the morning he assumed it was one of the larger rodents that followed the army north. Indifferently, he curled himself again. He was about to close his eyes, when he saw a rough thatch of hair appear over the side of the wagon then recoil with a gasp when it came face to face with Morsh's head. It came back cautiously for a second time.
Bethel struggled to his knees, stiff and clumsy from the cold, put a hand to his breeches pocket and drew his hand out with a knife grasped firmly in it. Sarssen would have been surprised by the boy's forethought in bringing a knife but the barkashads would’ve flogged him senseless. A quiet, urgent whisper gave Bethel pause.
"Shh, lad, no harm meant, no harm." The thatch emerged right over the edge of the wagon and Bethel recognised the friendly pikeman. He stared at the man, astonished. "Gawd," muttered the pikeman, staring at the head with revulsion. "What an awful thing to put you by, lad."
"It's to teach me a lesson," murmured Bethel, through chattering teeth. He pocketed the knife.
"You're gammoning me," exclaimed the pikeman. "Gawd," he added again. He looked over at Bethel with respect. "What have you done to deserve this? You look only a boy to me."
"I disobeyed my master. My friend here," Bethel indicated the pike, "suffered dearly for my stupidity." The young voice quavered. "I'll never forgive myself for what I made him suffer."
"Now, lad," was the bracing comment. "Your master must like you if you're still alive that's all I can say. Usually they don't bother punishing disobedience. It's simply the end of the line for a slave." The pikeman shivered and not with the cold. "Took his eyes out too. Look at the flies."
Bethel tried to turn his head away from the pike but couldn't. He brushed ineffectually at the flies that assaulted him, then just gave up.
"I'm getting used to it. My dead friend told me you can get used to anything with time."
The pikeman stared at him searchingly, his eyes crinkled with straining to see through the gloom. When he saw how the boy shivered he took off his horsehair cloak and moving cautiously across the wagon, draped it round Bethel's shoulders. Bethel's shirt was in tatters, his jerkin was badly cut from whiplashes and the jacket was now useless and discarded, so the cloak, rough to the touch, tickled his exposed skin. It offered warmth though and he shrank gratefully into it, hauling it round him tightly with shaking hands. As his teeth still chattered, he found it difficult to speak.
"Thank you," he whispered incoherently. The pikeman looked consideringly at him.
"You look to be in a bad way, lad," he said calmly. "Wait here."
Then he realised what a silly statement that was and gave a low chuckle before abruptly disappearing. Bethel pulled the cloak even tighter. With warmth gradually spreading through him, he felt able to stretch out his long limbs more comfortably. Relaxed, he dozed as he'd been unable to do since he came to the slave train. He came to sharply when he heard the pikeman return.
The man clambered back into the wagon, settling himself against a large bale before he undid a knapsack he carefully carried. He pulled out a tankard, a small stone-stoppered bottle and two covered bowls. Bethel watched speechlessly. These were followed by a loaf of bread and a hunk of weln cheese. Without a word, the pikeman scrambled over to Bethel and placed one of the bowls in the thin, outstretched hands.
"There, lad," he murmured. "I tried to heat it over some embers so it should be edible. Eat that and it'll pluck up your spirit no end."
Bethel gave him a look of deep gratitude. His long fingers curled round the bowl to garner its heat. Trembling, he removed the lid and eagerly began to pick out pieces of meat, stuffing them in his mouth as fast as he could.
"Take your time, lad, take your time," admonished the pikeman. "You'll make yourself sick if you gobble so fast. Starving stomachs can't take that."
Bethel gave a small shaken laugh, but slowed enough to take half the loaf that was proffered. For a time he was too busy eating to even think of talking, but after the worst of his hunger was assuaged, he looked across at the pikeman thoughtfully.
"You've put yourself in danger by helping me," he commented. "Would you tell me why?" The pikeman kept eating. He didn't answer for a moment. When he did, he chose his words carefully.
"I don't hold with cruelty to young ones," he began. He looked hard at the boy. "And seemingly you've had a very hard time of it. It shows in your eyes. Am I right?"
"Not as bad as some," mumbled Bethel, through a mouthful.
"From what I see, lad, you've got pluck enough for many a grown man. You face the daily grind of slavery with courage and I've not heard a squeak from you, not one." The pikeman hesitated. "You remind me of my boy. The Churchik killed him. He was the same as you, tall and skinny-like, and he'd just take things passively the way you do." There was a note of anger in the man's voice. "So you did wrong - that isn't a good reason to starve you and tie you to a damned pike. Anyone would think they were trying to break you, young one. Would that be so?"
Bethel sighed, twisting a finger absently round a long curly strand that escaped the riband.
"My lord is trying to, yes," he admitted. The pikeman pulled thoughtfully at his beard.
"And who might this warrior lord be, lad? What troop?"
"The warlord, Lord Lodestok." The pikeman's face paled, even in the rather pallid moonlight.
"You're bamming me, aren't you?"
He saw the slow shake of the dark head. Bethel put his bowl on the floor of the wagon and lifted the full tankard placed in front of him. He took a long draught to wash down the bread and cheese, then another, gave a long shuddering sigh, then looked across at the pikeman who was hunched and stared at him aghast.
"He's my master - I'm his slave." Bethel pointed to the elegantly filigreed chain round his ankles and then to the heavy embossed torc with attached chain. "These aren't the ordinary metal fetters, are they?" he asked wistfully.
"No, lad, they're not," murmured the pikeman, his expression still one of shock. "Gawd, child, what does a grown man want -." He broke off, his eyes widening in understanding and disgust. Bethel stayed quiet and still. The pikeman made a gesture of loathing, before saying hesitantly. "Of course that'd be so. It's common knowledge he likes boys. You say you belong to him?" Bethel nodded. Softly the pikeman asked, "Were you willing, lad?"
"No," came the quiet answer. "I’m a slave. I’ve never been willing."
"Gawd," muttered the pikeman again. Bethel didn't respond. There was a long silence that the pikeman broke. "Is it the warlord who does this to you?"
"Yes." Bethel sighed. The pikeman plucked at his thatch and frowned.
"How long have you been with him?"
"Over two cycles. It may be longer. I lost count a long time ago." Bethel wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
"How long will he keep you, lad? You hear things, you know, there's always loose talk in a camp. I guess, if you were clean, you'd be an uncommon pretty boy, but.." The pikeman paused, then went on, "I heard lads didn't last very long. What have you got that they don't?" Bethel shrugged.
"I'm lucky to be here at all," he said ruefully.
"You wouldn't be in another couple of days without that cloak and being given little food," was the brutal response. "How long are you to be punished in this way then?"
"It's been ten days or more. I expect to be here longer yet. I'm meant to be learning a hard lesson."
"And are you?" Bethel nodded on a deep yawn. "I'll feed you, boy, but I'll not stay. I don't want to know anything. A lad like you who has the eye of Lodestok on him has peril enough without me adding to it. Finish the ale there and I'll be away. Keep the cloak. You can say you found it in the wagon and I can get another."
"I answer to Beth. What's your name?" asked Bethel, draining the tankard quickly and passing it across.
"Jane, lad, but don't think on it. Least either of us knows of the other the better." Bethel spoke in a low trembling voice.
"You have my gratitude, Jane. If ever I -." Jane leaned across the wagon and put a compelling hand on the boy's arm.
"Leave be. Lest spoken the better. We understand each other. That's all that matters. Get some rest. It's a long march in the morning."
Bethel grasped the hand held out to him and then relaxed against the side of the wagon as he watched Jane disappear. In an odd way he felt deeply comforted. In a matter of minutes, he'd fallen deeply and restfully asleep.
His next days with the slaves proved singularly gruelling. On the sixteenth morning camp was broken at an earlier hour than usual, which meant Bethel was shaken roughly awake from a refreshing slumber. Tiredly, he uncurled himself and shrugged the cloak to the wagon floor just as he was unchained from his post. He was flung unceremoniously to the ground.
"Piss over there," he was curtly directed.
Bethel had come to loathe the sight of the barkashads but obeyed immediately, conscious of both the whip and the wicked thin cane Grytch held. He moved across the ruts the wagon had made the day before and relieved himself in the bushes that edged the track, before a sudden and vicious yank on his chain brought him stumbling back. He tripped over a root and grasped at the wagon to steady himself.
He was chained to the wheel and told to remain standing. A well-aimed cuff at his head would've made him reel had he not eaten but now he barely flinched and remained upright. He was spat at before the barkashad moved on up the line cursing, spitting, and kicking slaves as he went. In no time the slave and baggage train was on the move. Bethel faced another long day. Again he looked about for Jane and saw him some distance away, trudging with his troop, but the man didn't look in Bethel's direction and made no attempt to come any closer. The barkashad hadn't noticed Bethel's newly acquired cloak, so Bethel folded it once more and carefully hid it in the wagon for when it got cold.
He'd no idea how long he tramped, his feet automatically going one in front of the other. The whip flashed round him and occasionally on him, but he never noticed, moving as he did like an automaton. When the train stopped for midsun he was made to remain standing, received no food and looked gaunt and very pale, his eyes huge in a drawn and thin face. Every so often, as he walked, he winced and there was the trace of a limp. The stop was a brief one before the interminable tramp resumed.
When at last he was allowed to stop an exhausted Bethel crumpled against the wagon, his breath ragged and sweat dripping from him though he already shivered. He looked down at his boots. He noticed, in an abstracted way, that through the dust and dirt they were the worse for wear and wouldn't last much longer. He assumed he'd be left to walk in bare feet when that happened and resigned himself. His whole body ached. His feet were agonisingly sore.
He squatted on the ground to get his breath, aware he only had a short spell before a barkashad came, so he hauled himself up, every bone he possessed protesting. He stood to attention, head bent. The guard handed him a large chunk of bread and a beaker of water. Bethel didn't make the mistake of starting to eat.
"Barkes slah," growled the barkashad, sniffing loudly. Immediately, Bethel ate, drank and handed back the empty beaker, the last of the bread still in his hand. He finished it, very slowly. Spitting, the guard moved on, leaving Bethel to lean thankfully on the wagon wheel. He closed his eyes. He was too exhausted to do other than just lean there.
He became aware of a presence and slowly opened his eyes. The enormously powerful torso he knew so well stood in front of him. Bethel felt suddenly queasy when he looked up into cold eyes that regarded him in some amusement. The warlord turned the boy's head from side to side and then, in his usual rough fashion, he jerked up the young chin.
"Well, my little flower. And how is it all with you?" Lodestok let the boy's head fall, fastidiously dusting his fingers on his breeches. Bethel prudently remained silent. "Are we learning anything, petal? Is life better here for a beautiful flower, or is it indeed preferable to be with me?" The cold voice sharpened. "Answer me!"
"No, my lord."
"No what, my little blossom?"
"It's not better here, my lord."
"Do they beat you?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Excellent. Are you fed?"
"A little, my lord."
"Have you missed me, little bud?" Bethel's head was lifted again and his eyes met the warlord's.
"Well, flower?"
"Yes, my lord."
It wasn't entirely a lie. To live without the fear Lodestok constantly engendered in him was preferable, but with the warlord the boy had comfort of surroundings, cleanliness and food. He knew what he had to give in abundance in return for this, but since he'd been compelled to submit to the warlord's demands from his first day, Bethel didn't lie. Though he missed Lodestok's demands, capriciously violent tempers and frequent brutality not a jot, he missed everything else.
"That is good, boy. You have learned another lesson, have you not? We shall see how much you missed me this evening."
The meaning behind the words was quite explicit. Exhaustion made Bethel feel slightly sick. Lodestok ignored him so didn't see the dark head droop and the lips begin to quiver. Instead, the warlord roared for the guard. He came at a run. The key to Bethel's chains in his hand, he freed Bethel from the wheel, stepped back and then bowed obsequiously to Lodestok. The warlord turned without a word. He assumed the boy would be behind him.
Lodestok had decided to stop for several days so his largest and most ornate pavilion was set up. Bethel blinked. In only a matter of days he'd forgotten how richly the warlord lived. Lodestok strode into his pavilion before turning to survey the boy trailing behind him.
"You are disgustingly dirty, little petal, are you not?"
"Yes, my lord." Lodestok lounged at his ease in his chair.
"Come here," he said gently.
The warlord pulled Bethel between his knees in one swift movement and roughly hauled at the riband that held the black dusty hair confined. He yanked Bethel hard against him, not noticing the dust that flew all about them when he shook the curls free and hair spilled all about the boy's shoulders, to fall in thick ringlets down his back. Still holding the boy close, Lodestok undid the ankle fetters and removed them, then he unlocked the chain from the torc. It fell to the floor next to the fetters.
"Have the cuts healed, petal?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Very good then, boy." The warlord continued to hold the boy firmly, his free hand tangling in the curls. "I am relieved to have you back, my little flower. It surprises me that I noticed your absence. I wish you to play for me, boy. I enjoy your music."
He tilted Bethel's head. He looked down at the sensual mouth and the dark velvet eyes appreciatively before, with a satisfied sigh, he bent his head.
When Sarssen entered the pavilion an hour later, he checked on the threshold. Lodestok sprawled sideways on the bed, wide-awake, and watched a sleeping boy who was pale, filthy, clad in ragged clothes, but also deeply asleep. The warlord's hand ran gently across the young forehead. Bethel didn't stir.
The warlord looked up and across the ground, smiling with an unexpected affection he reserved for the tall young tempkar.
"Sarssen," he said, almost caressingly. "Come in."
Sarssen advanced and stood looking down at the huge, muscular Vaksh who leaned casually on one elbow. He glanced then at the tall, slender boy lying asleep beside the giant, his cheek pillowed on one hand and long, dusty matted hair all about him. He looked back at the warlord who gestured at Bethel. His hand now held the boy's outflung one.
"What is so unusual about him?" Lodestok asked, staring at the slumbering figure. Sarssen transferred his gaze back to Bethel.
"Well, he is, of course, quite beautiful," he suggested, grinning when the warlord raised an eyebrow. "Not just at the moment," he conceded, "but all would agree that under different circumstances he is remarkably pretty."
"Prettier than you were, my boy," concurred the warlord.
"Infinitely, my lord. I could never match him."
"Ah," sighed Lodestok, "not in beauty perhaps, but -." He broke off and rolled onto his other hip to look more closely at Bethel again. "Like you, Sarssen, there is something else about him, something different."
"He is surprisingly courageous and damnably stubborn," said Sarssen, a twinkle the warlord didn't see coming to his green eyes. To his surprise, the warlord gave a crack of laughter that made the subject of the discussion sigh and turn onto his back. His hair fell across his face, so Lodestok lifted it clear.
"Yes, he is," he agreed thoughtfully. "I do not understand his behaviour. When his back might be broken or he could be made mindless the boy refused to fight." Sarssen, thinking this was the only reason the boy was still alive, forbore to look into the chilling pale eyes in response.
"Perhaps it is where he comes from, my lord. He is a very gentle and pacific child."
There was a long pause that Sarssen didn't break, the young warrior sensibly maintaining a discreet silence while the warlord considered Bethel. Lodestok sat abruptly, shook the bed and woke Bethel just enough for the boy to turn again, mumbling as he curled himself tighter. Lodestok got to his feet and in his inimitable way began to pace up and down. Finally, he turned to Sarssen and pointed at the bed.
"Take him," he said sharply. "Clean him and bring him back as soon as you can. It is not," he added, with the fierce and frightening grin, "that I did not appreciate our time together, Sarssen, it is just that I insist on having this child restored to me as well." Sarssen wore a singularly saturnine grin.
"I understand, my lord, but," he paused, "will he waken?" Lodestok shrugged.
"Dose his wine with quineth. That should do more than make him responsive." He saw the touch of uncertainty on the warrior's face. "You do not surely disagree with me?"
"Certainly not, my lord," Sarssen replied hastily. "It is just that quineth will leave him very unsteady on his feet tomorrow."
"Then he can stay with me all day, can he not?" was the bland reply.
Sarssen nodded and stepped over to the bed. He shook Bethel twice, but the boy just sighed and curled up tighter. The warlord watched the warrior's efforts for a few moments in amusement, then strode to the bed, stooped, and his hand touched Bethel's torc. Bethel's eyes flew open in alarm and he stumbled sleepily to his feet. Blearily, he saw Lodestok's pointed finger.
As usual, Sarssen spoke little. Bethel found him remote and taciturn. He thought wearily he would never know the warrior though, as the seasons passed, his respect for Sarssen continued to deepen.
Bethel languished in the tub, luxuriating in the heat and curling his toes. The warmth soothed his aching muscles and sore feet. He was still awed he'd been allowed to sleep in the warlord's pavilion and wondered if perhaps the warlord had indeed missed him. Bethel wasn't foolish enough to linger on that thought. People of strong passions, like his master, could as easily kill as love and Bethel knew Lodestok loved no one. He'd never forget the strength of Lodestok's hands as they compressed his spine, nor would he forget the look in the warlord's eyes as he'd done so.
Despite the hot water Bethel shivered and decided to get out. As he dried himself he looked at the Vaksh word cut into his lower abdomen, thinking that the warlord had indeed taught him a lesson. It was one Lodestok made sure his slave wouldn't forget - Bethel would always see the word and accept he lived at the exclusive whim of a master. The boy felt of all the marks he'd been forced to endure, this was the cruellest because it was the most mocking.
He turned absently to the bottle of perfumed oil. Just after he put the stopper back in the jar, Sarssen walked in carrying an armful of clothing that he spread out on the bed. He beckoned Bethel over with a reluctant grin.
"You are to be royally decked out, boy," he said, his voice quivering with amusement.
He held up breeches in a very bright shade of blue. All Bethel had the energy to do was blink and look up at the warrior in a rather stunned way. Sarssen began to laugh. Hearing that, Bethel realised it was an unfamiliar laugh of warmth he only associated with his lost family. It touched a chord. He smiled up at Sarssen, as he'd have done to Sarehl, his eyes alight and responsive. Seeing such a glowing look, the warrior, for the first time, gently ruffled the damp curls, then turned back to the bed, pulled up another garment and chuckled.
Dressed and booted, Bethel gave a deep sigh and looked up enquiringly, to see Sarssen dangle a torc from his fingers; the ironic gleam in the green eyes wasn’t missed by the boy. Sarssen let the torc fall into the boy's hands. Bethel nearly dropped it. It was unexpectedly heavy, and then, when he turned it over, he gaped at it. Like the one he'd seen lying on Sarssen's chest so often, one the warrior no longer had to wear, this torc, too, was deeply encrusted with precious stones, but whereas the one he knew Sarssen once wore was rich in stones of white and red, this one he now held was in tones of green and blue. The gems winked in the lantern light. He stared up at Sarssen who not unkindly watched him.
"To replace your gold one, boy. It is a gift from your master. Lift your head and give the torc to me."
Even though it was heavy and wide, the warrior thought it looked quite lovely on that long slender neck. The gold torc was discarded. Sarssen gave an inward chuckle at the warlord's impeccable taste as he snapped the torc shut, and removing the key, put it into his breeches pocket. Bethel’s ankle chains were next closed and locked.
When his hair was tidy, he sat on Sarssen's bed. Weariness overcame him, and he let himself slip onto the cushions, but just as his eyes began to close Sarssen was quickly there, a hand down imperatively. Bethel took it and allowed the warrior to pull him to his feet. He yawned widely, his eyes flickering apologetically to Sarssen.
"So tired, my lord," he mumbled, running a hand across his eyes.
"You cannot rest, boy, though I know how exhausted you are," said Sarssen quietly. "You have to show gratitude to your master and falling asleep will not do that." He gave the boy a sharp shake. "Go to the table and sit, boy."
The warrior joined Bethel at the table. Beginning to slice meat from a joint he put several slices on a platter and passed it across to Bethel. Absently, the boy took it and ate as he was told. He found he was very hungry as he munched his way through one dish after another. His goblet was steadily refilled as soon as he emptied it.
Bethel wasn't conscious of it at first, then he became aware of renewed energy coursing through him, his slumped shoulders straightened and the lowering eyelids snapped open. He looked suspiciously at the wine, then across at Sarssen.
"My lord," he began uncertainly, "what have you given me to drink?" Sarssen barely looked up from the fruit he was peeling.
"Quineth," he said curtly. He then gave Bethel a measuring look.
"What's that, my lord?"
"It is a drug to keep you awake. You would have been useless without it." There was a glint in Sarssen's eyes.
"Have you had it, my lord?"
"Eat your fruit." The warrior waited until the boy picked up a wedge placed on his platter. "And to answer you, boy - yes I have, many times."
"What does it do, my lord?"
"It literally stops your body from resting, boy. It can be dangerous so I have not dosed you very heavily."
"I feel very alert, my lord."
"Yes, you will for the time being," agreed the warrior drily. "Just do not be surprised when you wake in the morning, will you?" Surprise lit big eyes meeting his. Sarssen smiled a tad sourly. "You will feel half-dead, boy, and scarcely able to move your limbs. It will last most of the day so do not say you were not warned." Bethel fidgeted with his goblet.
"My lord, how can I explain this to my master?"
Sarssen's smile was bleak. "No worry, little fellow," he replied coolly. "Your master knows."
"Did he order you to give me this, my lord?"
"How else can you serve him if you are three parts asleep?" Sarssen asked a little maliciously. Bethel stared down at the liquid he swirled in his goblet.
"Perhaps I've had enough to drink," he suggested. Sarssen shook his head and looked meaningfully at the goblet. With a faint sigh, Bethel lifted it to his lips and drained it.
Sarssen looked at the over-bright eyes and the slight flush on Bethel's cheeks and decided the boy would cope perfectly well with the rest of the evening. However, before Bethel left him, Sarssen had something to say to him, rose in a leisurely way and waited for Bethel to do likewise. He then beckoned the boy to stand in front of him and placed very strong hands on the thin shoulders, his grip as powerful and painful as the warlord's.
"Are you listening to me, boy?" Bethel nodded nervously, his eyes staring up into unexpectedly cold, green ones. He saw no gentleness in the warrior's expression. "I want to warn you, boy, and I would advise you to listen to me most carefully." Bethel's heart raced and his mouth felt suddenly dry. "If," came the stern voice," you cause the death of another, you will be whipped to within an inch of your life." As Sarssen spoke, he took one hand from the boy's shoulder and stooped to pick up a whip. "Look well, boy. I shall flog you with this."
Bethel looked down and his cheeks whitened. It was not the ordinary whip with which he was painfully familiar: it was multi-lashed, barbed, and terrifying.
"M-my l-lord, I -." stammered Bethel huskily. He was cut short as the warrior flexed the whip to bring it down with considerable force right next to him. Bethel flinched violently as the lashes whistled by.
"I never listen to excuses, boy. You caused a death, whether wittingly or not. That is more than enough." The one hand on the boy's shoulder tightened. "Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes, my lord," came through very dry lips in a whisper. "Very clear."
"Look up at me, Bethel."
Bethel obeyed without a second thought, conscious of deep green eyes that seemed to swallow him whole. He felt swamped. He went quite limp in the warrior's hold. They stood thus for a few minutes before Sarssen spoke gently and in an undertone.
"Bethel." Bethel blinked. The unfocused look to his eyes cleared. Only apprehension remained in the beautiful eyes. "Return to your master."
Bethel sighed infinitesimally as he turned away. He didn't see the thoughtful stare he got from the warrior, nor did he see the softened expression in the green eyes that followed him.


CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN

Sarssen sat cross-legged on a woven mat laid in a corner on the ground of his pavilion. He sat quite still, his face inscrutable. He concentrated deeply, his breaths coming in long, regular intervals. He didn't blink. Then he sent, quietly, but extraordinarily powerfully.
"I am here, Reverence."
"It's kind you spare us some of your time," came an icily civil voice in his mind, but the words were a measure of reproof all the same.
"I have been busy," sent back Sarssen curtly.
"What can you tell us?"
"The boy is temporarily neutralised. I have taken the precaution of limiting access to his mind in a way only an Adept can recognise."
"We're indebted to you," said the icy voice conversationally. "And?"
"It was not the boy's fault. He could not have acted in any other way."
"No?" came interrogatively.
"No."
"You will, perhaps, explain."
"It seems we have a problem with Jaden."
"Ah."
"Do you wish me to widen the link?"
"It would save us a lot of later communication. We also thank you for your courtesy in doing so when you spoke of our brother Morsh, whom you refer to as Morjar. We know such a mind link caused you considerable difficulty, pain and not a little distress, as did the way you came to Adepthood, Sarssen. You are extremely young to be thrown into such a position, but we acknowledge Morsh chose you deliberately at the time of his death. We wish our first contact could have been gentler and more leisurely to allow you to adjust, but the delicacy of your position and our distance from you made any alternative impossible. We do genuinely and warmly welcome you among us an Adept, young one." There was a long silence, then the voice became remote again. "We all wish to know clearly how matters stand." There was another pause. "We await your pleasure."
Sarssen sensed when the other minds melded with his. He sifted the mental strands so he knew exactly which Adept he spoke to.
"I shall show you how matters are here. Things are delicately poised, as our Reverence has just said. I advise extreme caution. Morsh told me much during our meld, but I have had no time to absorb and analyse all I learned in that traumatic and lengthy moment. That will take a very long time. As you know, this comes as a sudden and unwelcome shock. I ask your forbearance until I am more conversant with the acceptable forms you follow. I am ready to be read."
Sarssen sensed the surge of probes and let them come, though he still found this new sensation highly disconcerting. He knew with time and experience the meld at this level would cease to worry him. He felt the imperceptible withdrawal after a short time and then the icy voice spoke again.
"What's to be done about Jaden? Morsh dealt with Lokar."
"As I am here it falls to my lot to deal with him," was the warrior's abrupt response. "I do not know when he will next respond to his southern master, or when he will make another attempt on Bethel, or why."
"I'm not happy about your being placed in this position."
"Neither, Reverence," sent Sarssen tersely, "am I. Morsh - "
"His loss causes me deep grief. It was a risk one of us had to take, but he's on my conscience."
"It may seem difficult for you, remote as you are, to understand why Morsh took the action he did, Reverence, but I know he had his reasons, even if I have not yet sorted what they are. With respect, he saw so far ahead, probably more than any Adept before him. What he did, first for me, and then for the boy, was in the form of protection for us all. His sacrifice was utterly selfless. I have not yet solved the riddle of the boy, but I know Morsh deliberately chose to teach him as he chose me and brought us both to an understanding of our talents very quickly, though Bethel is still very young and untutored. None of us expected Jaden to betray one of his own."
"It seems to fit with what we learned from Morsh about Lokar, once one of our most senior and honoured practitioners, doesn't it?" said the cold voice. "Betrayal comes easily to some."
"You will be comforted to know Morjar did not suffer at the end, Monseignore. I saw to that. His passing was painless and peaceful."
"We thank you for that, young one. However, you're at risk, Sarssen, with Jaden. He's no fool and is a Level Three."
"Post-Level Three, Reverence," corrected the warrior. Had he spoken aloud Sarssen's voice would have been colder than the voice in his head. "I do not underestimate Jaden, you may believe that."
"I do," came the response, with a faint touch of humour. "And the boy?"
"Scared for the moment. I threatened him with a Vaksh flayer if he so much as put a foot wrong."
"Kind of you," came a different, gentle voice on a sigh.
"It was effective."
"Who will control and mould the boy now?" asked a third voice.
"I will," Sarssen replied promptly. "But I will not open his mind for a while. It puts us in too much danger. He is, after all, but a child, and I do not care to lay myself open to attack through the folly of an unformed mind. His broadcasts are too uncontrolled and erratic still, as well as mostly instinctual. Also Jaden will be watching and waiting."
"Be careful with Jaden," came an icy caution.
"I will be."
On that, the warrior closed the link and tiredly crossed to his bed. He'd monitored the boy every day and night of his being with the slaves and now felt he deserved some rest, though his mind revolved around thoughts of the pikeman who stepped in to help Bethel at the moment Sarssen felt he would have to. That he'd managed to save Bethel without risk to himself he felt was some feat, especially more so now he understood exactly what had happened with Bethel and Morsh and why, so now he sighed and closed his eyes, allowing himself the luxury of drifting into a heavy doze.
~~~
He woke an hour later to a movement outside his pavilion. Instantly, he was alert, a boy trained into manhood by Lodestok a formidable adversary. He waited, a hand gripping a half-unsheathed knife. There was a fumble at the pavilion entrance. Jaden stood cautiously.
"Have you been asleep, my lord?" Sarssen sat casually, deliberately adopting an aggressive stance.
"What is it to you, healer?" Jaden became obsequious at the typical Churchik tone of voice.
"Nothing, my lord," he hastened to assure Sarssen. "It's just that I've waited a while for you to answer. I thought then you must be resting."
"Then you were a fool to risk waking me, were you not?"
"I've come to speak about the boy."
"What about him?" was the incurious response. "Personally, I am tired of the pup. I seem to do little other than bath him." Jaden gave a small snigger, unaware of hard eyes that watched him.
"The warlord wants what the boy learns to be controlled. The child is fairly limited I find, so teaching him will be no hardship."
Sarssen raised an eyebrow, replying disinterestedly, "Then do it. Why do you come to me, you fool?"
"He spends much time training with you. I thought it was courteous to let you know I'll be closely watching the boy, certainly for a time, and he will also study with me as the warlord requests. Would you ensure he comes to me after training?"
"Nothing you readers find to amuse yourselves interests me, but I’ll make sure the boy is sent to you." Sarssen made his tone contemptuous, saw the intended insult had gone home and noted with satisfaction that Jaden flushed with anger. He hoped the man would lose a little control in response. "Is that all you have to tell me?"
"If," muttered Jaden through clenched teeth, "you weren't chosen by the warlord -." He broke off. Sarssen stared at the healer, his face unreadable.
"What would you do, reader?" he asked provocatively. "You could not fight me and poison might be too obvious. Would you perhaps try to read my mind to see if there was anything there that would interest the warlord?" He saw fury in the healer's eyes. "I am nothing more nor less than you see. I am a Churchik warrior." Jaden took a step forward, his expression ugly, but he dropped back when Sarssen rose from the bed, an extremely menacing snarl on his face. "We both know the warlord no longer looks on you, Jaden, any more than he looks much on me. He has chosen for now and you would be wise to accept that. You would not plan any petty harm to the pretty boy now, would you?"
It was a guess, but when Sarssen looked at the expression on Jaden's face he knew his suspicion that Jaden had once, even briefly, been graced by Lodestok, was an accurate one. That Jaden meant mischief where the boy was concerned was patent, whereas the reason wasn't.
Sarssen was sure it wasn't purely based on misguided jealousy and was convinced something else motivated Jaden - the healer either definitely knew or guessed something about Bethel, or he acted on someone’s behalf. Jaden clearly answered to other than the warlord and it wasn’t to the Conclave. Sarssen wondered exactly who Lokar betrayed the Conclave to, though he was, slowly, starting to have an unpleasant understanding as he struggled to make sense of the flood he experienced with the final mind meld with Morsh. The boy was clearly marked out, but why? The warrior watched as the healer wrestled with control.
"What are you suggesting, my lord? I'm not out of favour with the warlord nor do I plan harm to anyone."
"Come now, reader," Sarssen rallied Jaden, the menacing glare fading from his face. "I suggest nothing. All I remind you is that neither you nor I has the eye of the warlord. It is the boy who warms his bed. It is to me the warlord passes responsibility for the boy's training in Churchik ways." He added gently, "I merely protect myself and my immediate interests, you see, healer."
He watched the healer and saw a flicker of understanding in the pale, almost translucent eyes. The angry flush on Jaden's cheeks died, the healer acutely aware how close he'd been to a very thorough chastisement. The look on Sarssen's face had been distinctly murderous and though the warrior may not be in Lodestok's immediate graces he was very much in the warlord's favour and was known to still irregularly attract Lodestok’s attentions. Once Jaden thought he might enlist Sarssen to his cause, but even if it was no longer a suitable option it was no part of Jaden's plan to antagonise this noble savage.
Jaden apostrophised himself for a fool. He thought he'd neatly disposed of Bethel by betraying both child and one of his own kind, but it seemed that wasn't so, the boy merely severely punished but not put to an appropriate death. The one Jaden answered to expected the child would be long gone. All Jaden knew was that Bethel was from a family that was mostly disposed of, as the boy now should be. He didn't know Bethel told the warlord of a healer's incursion into his mind, so he still believed Bethel knew very little and acted at a singularly basic level. Sarssen was well aware of the reader’s thoughts and sensed pure venom in the little man.
Jaden swallowed hard, kicking himself for having risen to a warrior's bait so easily. Readers of his calibre never showed any part of themselves as he'd just done. He wondered if Bethel's escape had unsettled him more than he thought, his fury at the boy's continued presence over-riding both his commonsense and training. It mustn't be allowed to happen again.
He still sought the source of power alluded to by Lokar just before he died. He knew it had to be close. No one else could have so easily dealt to Lokar, certainly not a child, and that was another thing that made the reader both tense and suspicious. Jaden wondered uneasily just how much this very large and aggressive young man had seen. He looked quickly at the warrior, but saw only mild curiosity.
"I'm taken at fault," he responded, with one of his disarming smiles. The warrior noticed it didn't touch the clear eyes.
"Indeed you are," he agreed. He lounged back onto his bed, yawning, and stretched out his long legs. He flexed a booted foot and studied it. Thinking Sarssen wasn't watching him, Jaden gave the warrior a quick look of intense dislike. "If we," continued Sarssen casually, "are both in the warlord's favour, is it the boy you think is not?"
"Well, he isn't, is he?" asked Jaden ingenuously. He got a long, cool appraising look from Sarssen.
"He is now," the warrior replied. "He is with his master." Sarssen could be ingenuous too.
"He caused the death of one of my people," said Jaden piously, adding in sanctimonious tones, "Blessed be the essence of one of our lesser brethren."
"You refer to Morjah, the executed healer, is that not so?"
"Morjah, yes," concurred Jaden, almost purring.
"Foolish Bethel," said the warrior, with a shrug. "You wonder the boy would be so obvious as to attract the warlord's anger, would you not? I had not previously thought Bethel such a fool, but then, he is but a child, I suppose, and children make silly and often costly mistakes."
"Calling him foolish is an understatement," protested the healer. "Of course the warlord would punish one who so flagrantly disobeyed him."
"Boys will," demurred Sarssen, watching the healer through narrowed eyes. "Enlighten me, healer, as to why foolish is an understatement."
Jaden was unsure if the warrior fenced with him, but thought, on second consideration, that Sarssen was like so many Churchik, more brawn than brain. He smiled pleasantly.
"Your protégé -."
"My what?" interrupted Sarssen, surprised.
"Is he not?"
"Certainly not, reader. Protégé has overtones of protection. I assume no protection over the boy. He learns from me and he returns to his master. Absolve me of finer feelings." Jaden was taken aback. He'd indeed misread things. If this warrior had no interest in the boy, then this altered things immeasurably. Jaden didn't observe the warrior's scrutiny through almost shut eyes. "You were saying, about Morjah?"
"The boy attempted to learn what a reader-seeker can do and then tried to use that skill in an unacceptable way, well above his station as a slave - doesn't that seem like arrogant presumption to you?"
"Is that what the boy did?"
"From what I've been able to discover, yes, that's so, my lord."
"Then extremely arrogant presumption it is, healer, and there can be no doubt the boy thoroughly deserved the barkashad's cane and his days of punishment. He was very hurt, I can assure you, and most chastened. I hope that mollifies your outrage a little."
"I explained, as was only right and proper in one who has his warlord's best wishes at heart, that the boy was foolish trying to so use a reader, for what devious or ill-intentioned ends I can only guess at."
The healer's unctuous tone ruffled Sarssen's serenity, but he replied mildly, "Very wise of you."
"It’s always sensible to let the warlord know one constantly works on his behalf," said Jaden, his plausible hypocrisy bringing a decidedly unpleasant glint to the warrior's still half-shut eyes. "I was most unhappy with the boy’s use of a reputable healer like Morjar."
"Indeed," agreed Sarssen. "Most thoughtful and appreciated, I am sure."
"I wouldn't have it thought, by any of you, especially the warlord, that readers of humble level would gratuitously or flagrantly disobey specific commands I laid down that govern their behaviour - Morjar didn’t. It was the boy who was at fault, not Morjar. I thought you, as one involved with the child, would wish to be informed and warned about his behaviour. I have told the warlord too."
"Quite right and very proper," approved the warrior, rising and crossing to a cabinet. "Is there anything else you wish to advise?" The reader lowered his head.
"Not unless you have something to say to me, my lord."
"Not that I can think of, reader, unless -." Sarssen paused, watching Jaden lift his head expectantly. The warrior frowned thoughtfully. "I have a thought, reader, that may be unwelcome to you, but perhaps you might want to consider it." Jaden gave a sharp nod. "Could it be that Morjah deliberately tried to betray you all, by incurring the warlord's wrath and lasting suspicion of all healers? Would a sacrifice of life be worth that, do you think? You should not be surprised if that is so. Many among a people, reader, will sell their essences to an over-ruler. That would not come as any shock, surely?" Before he stooped to pick up a goblet, Sarssen saw he'd caught Jaden completely unaware and glimpsed the flash of anxiety in the reader's eyes before reader controls took over.
"Naturally not," Jaden managed to reply smoothly, "though I'm sure you're incorrect. Morjah was a principled man."
"Sad you could not save him from the warlord's wrath," was the rather acid comment. The warrior filled a goblet and turned to face Jaden, nodding his head in dismissal.
Jaden was obliged to bow low and back from the pavilion as Churchik custom demanded. The warrior sank into a chair and closed his eyes. He knew perfectly well who'd told the warlord about Morsh and Bethel, and while Jaden suspected the warrior knew, he was unsure and would be wary. Sarssen didn't forget the look he'd received from the healer and was relieved he'd made the little man expose more of himself than was wise. The warrior saw he'd laid a base for deep hatred. He was going to have to be very careful and not just of Bethel.
As a result of this conversation, Bethel found his days altered. It was mostly because Sarssen made suggestions concerning the boy's training that found immediate favour with the warlord. Bethel continued to serve Lodestok, but found that any small amount of time he'd enjoyed for himself was gone, and although he resentfully acknowledged this was because of his behaviour with Morjah he felt he'd been thoroughly punished. His resentment was obvious. He mutinously spent longer hours with Sarssen, his grudging so apparent he got his ears soundly boxed.
Sarssen made the boy's training considerably harder. The drills were so gruelling, Bethel teetered between exhaustion by day as well as by night. His sessions with Jaden were fewer and overseen by either the warlord, or Sarssen, he rushed between Lotos for his regular lessons and Gariok for bard training, was then with the musicians, and had to fit in training spells over and above his time with Sarssen. He was forced to make time for rigorous sessions with Egmon, the official Churchik historian.
And he learned harshly that in the warlord’s eyes all aspects of his education were equally as important as warrior skills. He discovered this when he faltered in a recital for the warlord one evening and suffered the inevitable consequences. He was instructed to always have a book with him, that he was expected to read whenever he had a spare moment.
Bethel's life was now fuller than the one he'd led in Ortok. It was varied, stimulating and challenging, and at no time did the boy have a chance to show boredom. If anything, he was so busy he was in a constant state of tiredness, the boy's growth still rapid and absorbing much of his energy and depleted reserves.
The weeks passed and then another season. Bethel adapted to the new order. He found inner strength and a growing understanding of his place as it evolved in Churchik society. He was beginning to mature from boy to youth. Lodestok watched over him. His possession of the boy was an all-consuming passion. Sarssen watched and prayed the boy didn't fall from the pedestal Lodestok had placed him on because the boy's fall from grace would be a brutal and tragic affair.
Jaden watched also for any opportunity to chasten or tempt the boy to over-reach his abilities. He did this in his teaching by admonishing and chiding Bethel, whilst at the same time making the boy chafe at nearing a skill that was then withdrawn. The healer felt it was only time before youthful impatience overcame prudence and Bethel made a mis-step, but Bethel, his previous experience with Jaden and Morsh's fate clearly at the forefront of his mind, was too alert by far to fall for the healer's traps. He'd learned and now willingly played Jaden's game without ever going as far as Jaden wished him to.
Sarssen, aware of the cat and mouse game being played, kept a distant but very wary eye on them, the warrior quite prepared to intervene if Bethel was pushed too far. He knew the two had to be together, even though he was well aware of the tension it created in both boy and man. It was, however, no plan of Sarssen's that he be accused of protecting Bethel and he knew the boy had to learn to sit inside the enemy's mouth and survive it. So far, the boy was doing exactly that.
~~~
If Bethel was asked, in the days that followed, if he was dissatisfied with his life, he'd have to be honest in saying he was resigned to the life set out for him. While he rode alongside Lodestok, he accepted, as a slave, what his life had now become. He could see no future beyond it and knew only a fool would look beyond today when he belonged to the warlord.
Bethel was now a proficient archer. He could handle a sword competently. His self-defence skills were notable, though he hated wielding an axe and was physically not built for wrestling. He now wore a jewelled knife belt that was a gift from the warlord. Though he was never permitted to wear it when he went to the warlord's pavilion he quickly became a dangerous opponent with a knife, something not missed by Manas.
He was more than an adequate rider. To Lodestok's amusement, he saw Bethel attempt some of the more daring feats on horseback that warriors' sons had shown him, though he had some tricky moments when he was nearly unseated - but he succeeded. It brought an appreciative gleam to cold blue eyes. If the warlord was still occasionally cruel with him Bethel passively took it, head down and teeth clenched.
By the time Bethel was fourteen cycles he was as much a part of the warlord's life as Lodestok was of his. His past life as a child in Ortok began to fade. Whether he knew it or not, or would have wanted it, he was becoming assimilated into an alien culture though the essential boy didn't alter. He took great care not to arouse Lodestok's anger as he'd done a season and a half ago over Morjah.
~~~
He rode next to Lodestok one morning in late winter. The ground was hard and white, the breath from horse and man alike curled into the air and the chill made one want to gasp. Shivering despite his heavy cloak Bethel stared thoughtfully ahead, unable to move far because he was, as usual, shackled by ankle and neck. The warlord had been taciturn since they'd risen in the early hours and any comment he made was curt and abrupt. Sensing this, Bethel made no attempt to speak. He was dreaming as he'd begun to do, when he saw the warlord lean across and felt his horse pulled in close to Lodestok's.
"How do you enjoy the cold, my youthful flower?"
"Not very much, my lord."
"Are you comfortable, petal?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Then converse with me, my bud." Bethel looked sideways at the warlord.
"What do you wish to hear from me, my lord?"
"Your early life would doubtless entertain me, petal. You may begin by telling me of your home and how you began to play music." The warlord had never discussed Bethel's early life so this made the boy feel distinctly nervous. "Shall we start with your family?" continued the cold, smooth voice.
"Certainly, my lord."
Aware that at any moment the warlord might clumsily plunge into his mind, Bethel obligingly began to describe his home. He was ordered to supply the names of his siblings, describe them and give their current ages if they were still alive. He had to describe his parents and what their status had been in Ortokian society. He was then commanded to give as full an outline of social structure as he could though he was very hazy on some areas, explaining he’d only been a child when he was taken away. There was no comment to that, the warlord curtly asking him of Ortokian beliefs, politics and trading. The inquisition went on for over an hour. At length Bethel's voice faltered and he fell silent, unsure how to continue. Lodestok was looking straight ahead as he spoke.
"Some time ago, my lovely flower, we mentioned a brain behind the forest depredations. Do you remember?" His mouth a little dry, Bethel moistened his lips.
"I don't remember, my lord." The warlord's voice was extremely gentle.
"Do not be ingenuous, little petal. It does not suit you."
"I remember, my lord."
"I thought you would, boy." There was a long pause. "The name was?"
"Sarehl, my lord."
"Ah yes, of course, Sarehl. My lamentable memory." Bethel gritted his teeth. He was well aware of the acuteness of Lodestok's memory.
"It's a common enough Ortokian name, my lord."
"Is that so, petal?" Lodestok slowed both horses to a halt and turned in the saddle to look directly at Bethel. He tapped his boot with his whip. "Did you lie to me?"
"Not intentionally, my lord."
"No?"
"No, my lord. My brother -." Lodestok interrupted Bethel and cracked his whip in the air so the horses began a slow walk again.
"Just so, boy, your brother. So the man I spoke of is your brother?" Bethel licked his lips in his nervous habit.
"Not necessarily, my lord. My brother was nothing like the man you describe. He was a scholar at the Antiquities Centre and knew nothing of military matters. None of us did. You must believe me, my lord."
"Oh, I do, flower, I do. The sack of Ortok was too easy." While Lodestok considered that, Bethel felt a shiver crawl up his spine and shake him. "This brother of yours, petal - why do you think the man I spoke of is not Sarehl?"
"He was -." Bethel broke off.
"Yes, petal?" was the gently menacing prompt.
"He was fatally hurt, my lord. I - I saw him and he w-was dying."
"How unfortunate," murmured Lodestok, pulling in a familiar gesture at Bethel's curls beneath the hood of his cloak. "Still, little flower, I suspect our genius for strategy is your brother. That will provide a useful and interesting scenario, will it not?"
"As my lord wishes."
"Such a willing and compliant little flower that you are, petal," came the faintly sneering voice, at variance with the caressing hand. "You will tell me more, very much more of your eldest brother, but later. Stop your horse."
"My lord?" Startled, Bethel reined in his horse and sat still in the saddle.
Irritably, the warlord snarled for the slave who acted as his groom. When the man appeared from behind Bethel's horse, almost on the command, the warlord bent and handed him a key.
"Unlock the boy's chains," ordered Lodestok sharply.
Trembling with haste, the groom unlocked the chain from the torc to the warlord's wrist and then hurriedly went to his knees so he could unlock the chains from the stirrups. When the shackles and the chains fell away, the groom stooped to pick them up.
"Leave them," growled Lodestok, catching the man with the butt of his whip. "Give me the key!"
The groom proffered it and then retreated to a safe distance when he saw the warlord suggestively finger his whip. Bethel looked from his master to the fetters and chains lying on the frozen ground, his eyes wide with shocked disbelief.
"Come closer, little flower," invited the warlord. Bethel edged his horse as close as he could to Lodestok's. "Lean over towards me."
Bethel obeyed. Lodestok calmly snapped the dangling chain from the torc, let the chain fall to the ground and showed amusement at the boy sitting speechless, his huge eyes dark. For three cycles Bethel hadn't known life without chains. They were so much a part of him, he couldn't comprehend he was free of them. He was suddenly aware the warlord spoke to him.
"You see, my adorable young flower, you will not run from me because you have nowhere to go. You would know too, would you not, that those who watch you would find you and your return to me would be, shall we say, unpleasant." Bethel swallowed hard.
"Yes, my lord."
"You will always be mine, child, will you not?"
"Yes, my lord," agreed Bethel again, thinking of his tongue, the tattoo, his face scar and the heavy torc he still wore.
"Quite so," mocked the warlord omnisciently. "You will remain my obedient," Bethel flinched and Lodestok gave a deep chuckle, "flower, who will help me find his brother." Bethel felt coldness grip round his chest. "Oh yes, flower, I know where he is. He has left Lenten and is near Cartok. You are quite correct when you say he was hurt, boy. I thought Lban's instructions concerning your family were quite clear, but it seems that despite your brother's very serious injuries, he somehow escaped. I should dearly like to know how and he will tell us when we find him. I now realise, petal, that you, as a member of a fated family, were marked for death too as I recall. Lban assured me the male line was dead. Clearly it is not." Lodestok paused, unaware of the stiffening figure beside him, or the stifled gasp the boy gave when he heard Lban's name mentioned. Bethel’s mind reeled at the warlord’s words concerning his family. The cold, soft voice continued. "It is your brother who organises the attacks against us, boy, which is an irony in itself." The warlord looked thoughtfully across at the pale-faced boy. "I believe there is a very strong family resemblance, though he lacks your utter beauty. Is he as compliant as you, I wonder?" Bethel shivered as he always did when Lodestok threatened him. "No," continued the warlord gently, "I do not imagine he is. However, should you, boy, cause me even the slightest anxiety -." He finished suggestively.
"No, my lord, I promise you I shan't."
There was such agitation in the young voice the warlord was satisfied. He'd been resting his hand on Bethel's head but now, smiling grimly to himself, he picked up his reins and kneed his horse forward.
"Then we understand each other, my petal, do we not?"
His heart heavy and his mind full of Sarehl and his siblings, Bethel realised that indeed he still wore chains - he just couldn't see them. He saw the warlord observe him and quickly nodded.
They rode on for a distance before the warlord glanced briefly at the youthful profile, saying, "Do continue to entertain me, boy. You were speaking of the structure of politics, were you not?"
~~~
Bethel wondered if he dared approach Sarssen to talk to him about his family and anxiously mulled this over in his mind for the rest of the day and most of the night. Without Morjar, with whom he talked and from whom he received calm, sage counsel, Bethel was bereft. He was rarely alone with the warrior, so had to think when might be the best time to seek him out, the warrior, more often than not, remote and self-contained. The only time Bethel saw him relax was when Sarssen drank with a particular group of tempkars, and even then, he thought, the man remained detached.
Bethel finally decided, after tossing restlessly all night and being rebuked by the warlord for disturbance, to have the courage to ask Sarssen if he could speak with him before training in the morning. When Bethel approached Sarssen very early, almost before sunrise, his fingers entwined and his voice breaking as he spoke breathlessly, the warrior calmly sat the boy on a barrel by the mess where Bethel found him. He told the boy to take a deep breath. Bethel’s look up at him was a pleading one.
"Speak, child," came the cool, deep voice.
"I don’t know who to talk to now Morjar’s gone, my lord."
"Did you tell your fears and worries to Morjar?" Bethel nodded. "Did that help?" Bethel nodded again. "Do you wish to do the same with me? Is that what you are trying to ask me, child?"
Bethel’s head went down and he wrung his hands anxiously. He trembled with stress and apprehension. Sarssen immediately went to a knee beside him and a finger went under the boy’s chin so Bethel had to look up at the warrior.
"You are badly frightened, Bethel. What troubles you?" Sarssen read a desperate desire to trust him in the big eyes now swimming with tears, but he also read profound fear of the Churchik. "I would never betray you, child, to anyone, and that includes our master. You must feel free to trust me, even though I am a warrior and one of a race that enslaved you. I once told you to remember, in the darkest times, that you are not alone. Do you remember?" Bethel nodded a third time. The tears gathered in his eyes fell and his hands still kneaded together. "Come, child. Try to trust me."
Sarssen’s hand went from the young chin to Bethel’s hands. He pulled the boy to his feet and quietly guided the youngster to his pavilion where, this early in the day, they would be safe from prying eyes and listening ears. He felt a convulsive grip on his hand as they walked and suddenly realised what a huge leap of faith, trust and courage it was for this boy to even come to him. It not only made him thoughtful, but humble as well.
Sarssen listened to the tumbled words that poured incoherently from a distressed boy, gently dried the tears and spoke reassuringly about the boy’s family in a way that quietened fright and shock. Worried that Bethel may unintentionally react negatively to anything else his master may say about his siblings, the warrior touched the young mind, but in a way that enabled Bethel to function as he usually did.
When Bethel left to find food for the warlord, Sarssen lounged on his bed, going over what the boy told him and what he already knew about this unusual family from mind melds with the Adepts. He knew, where Bethel did not, that his siblings were alive, but the reason for their being selected for destruction eluded him. He suspected the Mishtok knew more than he discussed with his Adepts.


Third Age
11206-7

The Mishtok has advised us of the loss of his ablest and most talented Adept, Morsh. We grieve with him because the Adept had clarity of vision rare in an Ambrosian. It's also drawn to our attention that the Adept had an unusually gifted student with whom he worked for fifteen cycles. His name is Sarssen. This young man's status has abruptly altered as a result of his mentor's death; that there should be a rise to such eminence of one so extraordinarily young confirms Morsh's belief in his student. We'll follow this individual's progress with considerable interest and already have an understanding of his origin and background. He seems to be quite remarkable and profoundly gifted. As an Adept he has been in contact with the Conclave and with the Mishtok.
 
Morsh also taught the Samar son we mentioned before - Bethel. He remains vulnerable and we anxiously support his protection. We're assured it's being done in the least conspicuous way to avoid arousing suspicion. The boy's skills are, as yet, undeveloped, but the raw potential is apparently very rich.
 
We have more news of the southern sorcerer. Though we can't prove that it was he, we suspect the attack on the Mishtok and the Conclave was perpetrated by him and we no longer believe the sorcerer's name is Blach. Upon suggestion by the Rox, we've instigated a search for Malekim. His continued disappearance causes deep unease, both here and on Lilium.
 
Our suspicions appal us. The Watchers assure us they're alert - they say it's only a question of time before the sorcerer's forced to reveal himself, though they've expressed concern at the distortion in the aethyr at the time the Conclave was attacked. They say the breach was enough to give them a glimpse and it's that flash of sight that's made both them and us most uneasy. We wonder, too, just how strong the link is between the sorcerer and the warlord.


CHAPTER FORTY-EIGHT

Nearly a season after their arrival in the fishing village, the scholar told Chlorien they were to leave. She looked up, surprised yet resigned. She sighed.
"Yes, child, I know," said the scholar. "You feel at ease here, don't you, lad?" Chlorien nodded. "And it's the longest stop you've had." Autoc put his arm about her and gave her a hug. "It’s time to move again.” He turned and left her staring out to sea.
The scholar felt regret at their leaving because he knew Chlorien was happy in this tiny village. It showed in the bright eyes and laughing countenance. He watched as she joined the other children as they laughed and chattered, spreading out damaged nets to be dried and then mended. She helped pull boats full of fish ashore and was shown, in only a short interval of time, how to fix rent nets, stitch sails and harvest shoals close to shore.
Though the language these Sindabars spoke was a dialect Chlorien found this no handicap, the girl communicating easily by hand gestures and expressions. The scholar smiled at her antics with the boys in the sea, her breeches rolled up and her feet kicking as vigorously as theirs. He saw the rough and tumbles on dry land too and neither he nor Jaim missed the sidelong looks Chlorien got from girls her own age. She made a very pretty boy and no one, the scholar reflected, guessed she wasn't a lad.
The next morning Chlorien trotted outside to join her friends as usual, while the scholar and Jaim lingered over an early meal. When he'd finished, Autoc rose and strolled outside, in a leisurely way, to see Chlorien hard at work hauling in a boat with four other boys. He called her and beckoned, saw her gesture to the boys and then turn. When she reached the scholar he saw the flicker of disappointment flit across her face.
"Aye, little one, it’s time." Chlorien looked up with a smile wavering on her lips.
"I have to go, Father, don't I?" Autoc nodded, his hand going to the curly head. "When do we leave?"
"Now, child." A small sigh escaped Chlorien. "Jaim's coming with us," the scholar added.
"Oh?" Chlorien's look of astonishment made Autoc laugh.
"He's travelling in our direction, so I've asked him to accompany us. You aren't objecting, lad, are you?" Chlorien blushed.
"No, Father, of course not. He'll be welcome company."
"If we meet anyone, he's your imaginary mother's older brother, by the way." He heard the stifled giggle and grinned. "Get along, and bustle about. Help Jaim in whatever way you can. You'll have to ride with me until we can acquire another horse. But before you do all this, go along to the widow. She’s been kind to you and losing her son was very tough. She misses having a man and boy about to help her with hard work. Say goodbye from me, too, and pass on my thanks for all her help."
They left a little after full sun, many from the village gathered to see them go. Jaim's house was shuttered, but the village elder promised it'd be ready for the wanderer's return, if and when he wanted it. Jaim doffed his peaked cap as he rode out. Autoc followed, with Chlorien relaxed back against him. As they rode, the sun made her drowsy and to the scholar's amusement she fell limply hard against him, her eyes firmly closed. He looked down at her, then across at Jaim, who regarded them both, a droll expression on his face.
They moved steadily south from the coast because Jaim had already warned Autoc of vast marshes and an inland sea that would pose problems. The scholar was reluctant to go south, because he knew Queeb and Ohb had left Stanas not long before and would be, he reasoned, making their way slightly west before they made an abrupt turn north. Resigned to an inevitable meeting, he followed Jaim's advice. The latter proved to be accurate. As they rode they found, to their right, they skirted the fringes of wet marshland that stretched beyond the line of sight. There was no way they could have gone through it.
Chlorien discovered that Jaim was an excellent cook and since he enjoyed doing it, it relieved Autoc who found it a necessary chore. The scholar admitted, one evening as they sat quietly near a small fire, that he hated to cook. Tonight was sultry and still and the scholar felt distinctly indolent. He stretched languorously.
"Your food, Jaim, is excellent. We're so glad you chose to accompany us."
Jaim, who lay back contemplating an insect that hovered over his head, gave a deep chuckle.
"Your cooking, Schol, is merely adequate," he teased. He stretched out and prodded Chlorien who lay on her stomach with her chin resting in her hands. "Isn’t it, lad?" This made her giggle and call to Autoc.
In answer, Autoc got to his feet and spread his arms. There was a faint distortion in the air before the two on the ground saw the mage become a harper and spread his wings above them. He circled lazily.
"Come, child," he sent quietly.
Jaim went still, watching as the boy became insubstantial. He stared at the blue-plumaged larkbill that suddenly hovered above him, gently fluttering its wings, before it flew off quickly to join the very much larger harper that flew overhead. He watched as the two birds faded into the distance, then lounged back on his elbows lost in thought.
Autoc took Chlorien on a longer flight than usual. He veered northwest in a path that took them directly across the marshes and inland sea they'd both been told about. The area was vast and the scholar could understand how very treacherous it would be for unwary travellers.
He kept his mind closely linked to Chlorien's, reminding her constantly of her use of currents and tail feathers. He wheeled and dipped, instructing her to do likewise. When he glided, so did she. He dived, and, almost unbelieving she could do so, she followed, levelling out just below him. The longer she flew, the more she exulted in the freedom she knew up in the air.
"Keep in balance, little one," she was exhorted when she became too confident or relaxed.
Autoc kept her busy for over an hour, encouraging and supporting her, then, as she tired, she heard the scholar call, "Descend, child. Follow me."
She tried to copy him exactly, but made a rather clumsy landing, slipping down hard on one wing. She righted herself but it hurt. To her surprise, she heard the scholar again.
"Listen to me. This is something you've never done before, but I'd like you to make the effort. Little one, I want you to translate your larkbill form directly into that of a female canas. You know what I want, don't you?" There was a trace of nervousness in the response.
"Yes, Father."
"Remember to visualise, child, and let yourself see and feel, before you ease from one form to the other. Let the images in your mind flow into one another. Follow me as I go and don't linger. Are you ready, little one?"
"Yes."
The harper lost its plumage, shimmered and shivered. When the image settled, a huge black canas, with a heavy pelt, stood in its place panting gently in the heat. Seconds later, the larkbill wavered and slipped from focus. A smaller, gray canas partly materialised, shimmered, then strengthened to hold steady, the violet eyes apprehensive.
"Well done, little one," came the soft words in her mind. "That was a difficult thing to do and you did it more easily than I expected. How do you feel?"
"Hot," was the reply, as Chlorien remembered she had to open her mouth to pant.
"You have a very heavy coat, child. Let your mind mesh with the form you wear. You mustn't lose yourself to it, but must join this shape if you wish to use it. Let yourself go, Chlorien. I'm always here to watch and guide you."
With difficulty and struggling against it instinctively, Chlorien gradually had the courage to do as the scholar suggested. She became aware of a long sinuous body, a bushy tail that swept the ground and four large paws. She was a little stiff in one front paw and recognised that was because she'd stumbled on landing. She wiffled her nose to scent the air and knew her hearing was acute, though she saw things differently and less distinctly. She knew she'd rely mostly on smell and hearing. Without being conscious of it, she flicked her ears forward and lashed her tail. She raised her head to see the big black canas eye her, his lips briefly drawn back before he turned and began to lope away.
Instinctively, she ran after him, trying to keep up. They alternately ran and walked for miles, first to the marshlands, and then the scholar turned inland where scrubland gave way to denser undergrowth. Chlorien ran with him through small brakes of greenwoods and then lolloped after the powerful black as he passed through thick coppices of spindly half-grown trees.
It was into one of these that the two canas finally ran and came to a halt. The first in was the black, who turned with saliva dripping from his jaws and his flanks heaving with exertion. The smaller gray's run had floundered to a limping walk by the time she reached the black. Whimpering, she lay next to him.
Very gently the black licked the gray's head, their eyes meeting when they nosed each other every so often. Then the black sank down beside her, his larger bulk protectively flanking her. While she still lay panting the black put his head between enormous paws, his blue eyes shrewd and perceptive.
They stayed unmoving until they got their breath back and, even then, neither made any effort to rise. There was a marked degree of contentment about each animal as they lay, heads rested on paws and eyes closed. The little gray edged her shoulders even closer to the male and let her head fall to one of his paws, the look down at her from the black, enigmatic. He didn't dislodge her.
Only slowly did Chlorien become aware of the voice in her mind that called persistently. She lifted her furry head, her violet eyes snapping open. She was instantly alert. She gave a small warning growl.
"Chlorien, come back, child." With an effort, Chlorien responded.
"Father, I hear you." She saw she was alone.
"Bring yourself back, child. You're letting yourself be swamped. Strive for balance, little one."
Chlorien struggled to assert herself. When she did, her canas form shimmered and faded and she found she was kneeling on all fours, her head raised in a threatening gesture. Beyond her the scholar lounged back against a sapling, his eyes surveying her with gentle mockery. She felt momentarily disoriented.
"Welcome back, little one," he greeted her quietly. Quickly, Chlorien fell back on to her side, her head rested on an arm. "What did you learn from that, lad?"
Chlorien looked up at that, her big eyes expressive. She saw the scholar smile at her without any trace of mockery and he looked calm and at ease.
"Much," she whispered. "I stayed too long. I’m unbalanced."
"Good," said the scholar softly, patting the ground beside him. Chlorien scrambled over to sit against the tree, feeling, as she slid down, the scholar's arm hold her firmly. His free hand lifted her chin so she looked up at him. "Tell me," he said gently, "what you just learned."
It was hours after dark, when a larkbill settled quietly next to Jaim. The harper landed close by. Autoc took Chlorien by the hand and led her to a thin groundmat. She sank onto it and barely noticed he calmly covered her with blankets. She was already deeply asleep. Autoc strode back to where the fire had been and lounged down, his pipe to his mouth.
"That was a long lesson for the lad," came a quiet, deep voice beside him.
"Aye," agreed the scholar, puffing gently. "And an instructive one, too."
~~~
Chlorien's lessons in translation, survival and balance gained momentum. Autoc took her out every evening now Jaim was with them to ensure all was well. She was made to learn everything as an instinct. The scholar refused to let her respond in any other way. She learned to hunt and to kill in the two forms she used most often, the larkbill or the canas. Sometimes those were the only meals she was permitted to have; when she was hungry she found she could despatch prey without a second thought, tearing into her kill without a qualm. As a young canas, however, she'd have to sit respectfully back to allow the big black to eat first. She'd sit hungrily watching, licking her lips.
They travelled longer and farther too, especially as canas. Chlorien saw a pack one evening, but they were at a distance so she didn't sight them for long. It was to them that the scholar finally took her. The pack was well south of the marshes and not so very far from where she knew Jaim had set up a temporary camp.
Her initiation into the pack consisted of rough buffets, cuffs and bites that were not mere nips. She was thoroughly sniffed and learned the displays of submission and inferiority very quickly. As a cub in a fierce and matriarchal society, her survival was a delicate thing. Her father gave her no help, melting into the pack and often wandering off alone.
Chlorien was alone with cubs both younger and older. She found she was adopted by a very large female who treated her as if she was indeed her own cub: she was rasped with a strong tongue and shaken very hard by the scruff of her neck if she wasn’t submissive. Young males sniffed her rear interestedly and pushed her interrogatively, their tongues licking at her in a most disconcerting way that she had to become used to and tolerate.
She had to lie submissively when she was groomed, a huge and heavy paw draped across her that held her still. She learned that a twitch or movement at the wrong time could be painful; when she erred, she was very thoroughly chastised. She slunk away, her tail well down between her legs, licking at bites and feeling slightly sick from the cuffings she endured. In time she learned her place and how best to defend herself. She'd fall obsequiously onto her back with her feet in the air, where she'd lie submissively with her throat held in the firm grip of one more dominant than herself. She learned, too, to ingratiate herself, especially when she was hungry.
Placatory behaviour was something new to Chlorien. It took her over ten days to realise that she couldn't respond to the pack as she expected and with Ambrosian values and attitudes. She stopped fighting. With her acceptance came full understanding and respect. She recognised body language and passively acknowledged her place in the pack hierarchy as a subservient cub. When she did this, the swipes, growls and bites abated. She even discovered she was senior to others who had to be submissive to her.
Her weeks with the pack were valuable, the lessons hard learned and memorable. She learned what hunger really meant. She also had the beginning of understanding what survival was and how important the unity of a tightly knit community was in ensuring it. Being a wild animal in a hostile environment was an alien concept to Chlorien, but it would help her when she would be alone. She learned other lessons as well, dependence sometimes tempered with self-reliance when required, and control and appropriateness of will. She gained inner strength to cope with fear, adversity and the unexpected. She learned that freedom had costs, and that, in the scheme of things, she mattered very little. The lesson of what sacrifice could mean would come later, but to help her confront that, she developed mental toughness and resilience.
Though Chlorien and the scholar translated regularly during the weeks that followed, being with the pack was the climax of translation. She could now slip in and out of forms without really thinking about it. It came as easily to her as breathing. She learned to balance herself in whatever form she took, and there were many of those as she travelled with the scholar of an evening. She always, though, came back to the grey canas and the little blue larkbill. In these she felt at her most comfortable.
By now they'd passed the southernmost point of the marshes and the inland sea and rode hard northwest, Chlorien riding sometimes with Jaim or at other times with Autoc. The land became stony and barren with little shelter. Though it was only early autumn, the winds blew cool at night.
Autoc and Jaim agreed they'd have to stop briefly at the next town they came to, because north was the desert. They were very low on supplies. Not only that, they had no adequate clothing for desert travel. Jaim suggested they veer west so that they could ride into Sadekak, a desert town of some wealth because it was a main trading centre on the south-west trading route. After four days, the travellers approached the gates of the walled town of Sadekak. It was late afternoon when they rode through the gates, all three aware of the hard stares that followed them.
The houses were multi-storied, jammed close to one another and made of some sort of mud-brick, but without windows facing the narrow cobbled streets. All doors were bolted both inside and out. The town had a furtive and secretive feel about it that Chlorien didn't like, and though the streets were reasonably clean, the inhabitants were unfriendly. Immediately, the scholar decided they'd be gone come early morning as soon as the gates were reopened. He guessed they shut very late at night to allow late caravans through. They found an inn quite quickly. The men decided they'd all share one room. The landlord stared at them with small, interrogative eyes.
"You'll still pay for the rooming of three," he said, spitting heartily on the mat at their feet.
Chlorien took a step back. The scholar nodded, so the landlord shrugged and showed them upstairs. Once settled in, the scholar ordered Chlorien to stay with Jaim while he went out to buy another horse.
"Although you're growing fast, child," he explained, "the horse I'll get you will be a mite smaller so you can ride more comfortably."
"I'll be safer with you," argued Chlorien, glancing doubtfully at the old man next to her. Autoc saw her look askance at Jaim and the oddest smile curled his mouth.
"Nevertheless, lad, you'll stay. Is that understood?"
"Aye, Father," she answered, throwing herself face down on the bed. The two men exchanged amused glances, before Autoc left the room.
He had no trouble finding another horse and money was no object. He haggled affably, knowing in the end he was cheated. He left the trader, led the horse that was smaller than the two they already had, and, walking at a brisk pace through the crowded markets thought it might be sensible to arm himself in a country as inhospitable as northern Sindabar - nor did he want either himself or Jaim to look too easy as targets the further north they travelled. He knew the desert tribesmen were fierce and felt any precaution was wise. He then set out to look for clothing and food supplies.
He arrived back at the inn with the horse laden, and, after relieving the animal of its burdens, he ordered that the horse be stabled with the others. He mounted the stairs, only to be pounced on by a relieved Chlorien who hovered waiting.
She was highly diverted by being given a knife belt. The amusement faded from her face and she looked sober when the scholar told her she'd have to learn to be proficient with her use of the knives sheathed in it. Awed, she watched while Autoc buckled on first a sword belt and then a knife belt. Her eyes grew round when she saw the old man arm himself and slam home sword and knives with an expert air, and the big eyes became like saucers when she sighted a hefty battle-axe that seemed to her to have come from nowhere. She stared briefly at the scholar.
"Can you use those weapons, Father?" she asked the scholar in surprise.
"Aye, lad, I can." Chlorien drew in a breath.
"But you're a scholar," she exclaimed.
"Scholars, my lad," came Autoc's dry response, "can die as easily as anyone else. This place makes me nervous."
Chlorien looked up at that, murmuring, "Me, too, Father."
~~~
They spent the hour before they ate organising for the morning, no one objecting to something that would hasten their departure from the town. Before they went downstairs, all that needed doing in the morning was for them to rise, eat and pack the saddlebags they needed for the night. Autoc had already checked the horses were watered and fed. He'd hung the saddles close to the horses in case of an emergency.
They ate later than usual, but even so the room was very full, mostly, they gathered, because a trading caravan had come in an hour or so earlier than themselves. They occupied a table as far removed from others as they could, receiving curious stares, but no comments, because the swords and knives weren't missed. Jaim attracted no attention at all - the old here seldom did, many of them, the scholar noticed, reduced to beggary. Jaim merely smiled grimly to himself as he ate stolidly and at the same time took stock of their surroundings.
It was after they'd finished eating and were stretched back replete, that their table was approached by a slight, short man clad in a calf-length brown robe. The scholar nodded curtly in response to the man's bow.
"May I speak with you?" asked the stranger. His eyes glinted at Chlorien. Autoc caught the swift glance at her and his eyes narrowed dangerously.
"Yes," he replied, at his most uncompromising. He indicated a vacant chair.
"It concerns the boy with you," came the explanation, as the seat was taken and brought forward.
"I thought it might," responded Autoc, sending a warning to Chlorien. He noticed she sat stiffly with her tankard held tightly. Autoc lifted his full tankard and drank quietly.
"The boy's very lovely," came the suave voice. Chlorien shivered, her instinct to move her chair closer to the scholar's sternly repressed. Autoc raised an eyebrow and looked across at her.
"I suppose he is," he said indifferently.
"I'd buy him from you for my master."
"He's not for sale."
"Ah now," came the bantering voice. "I know he's pretty, but you found him, so you must be able to replace him. You don't know what we're offering you for the boy. My master's prepared to be very generous."
"I repeat, my son's not for sale."
"You want me to believe you travel with your son?"
"Yes." There was an unmistakable edge to the scholar's voice. "And with the lad's uncle." The stranger flicked a look at Jaim and his smile grew. His disbelief was patent.
"Yes, of course," he agreed smoothly. "Now, how much would you take for the boy?" Chlorien could sense the undercurrents and she paled, her grip tightening on the tankard so that her knuckles whitened. The scholar didn't answer. The voice went on persuasively, "My master would break the boy very gently. Perhaps you've heard only of the poorly run harems where initiation to business is harsh. His is unlike most."
Chlorien thought of Lodestok, what she'd heard of his treatment of boys and suddenly felt nauseous. An instant and sharp response came to her mind.
"Calm yourself, little one. No one will harm you."
Under her eyelashes, she watched the scholar and the stranger. Then she saw movement to her right, and turning, she noticed an unusually keen expression in Jaim's tawny eyes. Sometimes, she thought, Jaim didn't look like an old man at all. The thought slipped past her, as she turned her attention back to Autoc who was speaking.
"The boy, my friend, isn't for sale. Who sent you?" The stranger's smile became forced and a little fixed.
"My master saw the boy early this evening when you first came to dine, and decided he'd be a jewel to adorn his boy harem. He'd draw business, wouldn't he? And business would be good." Chlorien took a deep breath. She froze when one of the stranger's hands touched her face. "He's so different, isn't he?"
"Is he?" As he spoke, Autoc's hand caught the stranger's as it moved up to Chlorien's curls, his grip extremely strong and it made the stranger wince as his hand was ungently forced down.
"Yes," he said, pretending nothing had happened. "Yes, he is. We're dark but we don't see such curls or such light skin." The stranger rubbed his wrist and glared at the scholar for a moment.
"And such lovely big eyes, yes I know, I've heard it said many times. So?"
"You won't sell him? Is that your last word? If it is, it may not be wise."
"It's my last word. The lad's not for sale." Autoc rose. His height dwarfed everybody else in the room. He looked unexpectedly powerful and menacing and his voice went very soft when he spoke to the brown-robed man. "Tell Queeb and Ohb my son's not for sale."
The stranger drew his lips back in a snarl, rose, spat at their feet and turned. The scholar looked down at Jaim and Chlorien.
"Let us retire," he suggested gently, putting out a hand to Chlorien.
She clung to him, her palms sweaty. She got a reassuring squeeze, was quietly led from the room and up the stairs, until, inside their room the scholar pushed her onto one of the beds very firmly. When she went to protest, a hand brushed her brow and she fell back unresisting, her eyes closing. Jaim's eyes shone with appreciation.
"Useful talent that," he observed, nodding at the relaxed boy.
"Very," agreed the scholar, his face thoughtful. He went over to the window and looked out, only to give a soft whistle. "Damn," he said quietly. "Jaim!" Jaim strolled over and glanced out. One brief look was all he needed.
"Do they no longer believe she's a boy, my friend?"
"Oh, they don't doubt that. My guess is that they now misguidedly think it's really a boy they seek and not a girl at all, because the colouring’s exact."
"Our mutual friend in the south would know he expects a girl."
"Yes," said Autoc morosely, "but his henchmen are a long way from him and may have decided that, as the description fits, they could do worse than bring home a brother. To fail utterly and to present empty hands to their master would possibly scare even them."
"It would me," muttered Jaim, through clenched teeth. He went back to the window and stared down at the forms outlined against the walls opposite. He pursed his lips. "Something being better than nothing, eh?"
"Possibly," murmured the mage, standing straight. "My friend, I'll need to stage a small diversion. Are the gates closed yet, I wonder?"
Jaim was about to speak, but found nothing to talk to, because suddenly the mage faded to a brown bird that flew through the open window. Jaim stayed on guard. His eyes strayed every so often from the sleeping figure to the forms below on the street. When Autoc returned, he translated quickly and looked over at the Gnosti with a smile in his eyes.
"We're in luck," he said with a grin. "The gates are being held open because a trade delegation's due very soon. So we must make our move now."
Jaim had already gathered bundles and slung bags over his shoulders. He paused to glance down at Chlorien.
"Leave her to me," advised Autoc. "I'll be back shortly. Take as much as you can, Jaim, and I'll take the rest and the child."
~~~
The fire that caught the inn that night was unexpected. Autoc made several trips in and out of the yard with rubbish and odd pieces of wood that he placed in the centre of a lounging room, then, when he came in for the last time, he was gratified to be met by smoke that snaked and drifted from it. The smoke moved rapidly along the lower hall and adjacent corridors.
The mage gave a shout that brought the innkeeper swearing from the bar room, followed by patrons curious to know what was going on. Leaving behind him a commotion of contradictory orders, Autoc strode up the stairs and walked down the landing to their room. He entered and hefted two bags over his shoulders. He lifted Chlorien into his arms, then with Jaim striding close behind, he went back out on to the landing.
Smoke that had begun to drift upwards brought a smile to mage eyes. He moved along the landing at speed which brought him to the back stairs that ominously creaked. It didn't matter because of the noise below. Had anyone been watching Jaim, they'd have seen an old man move with surprising agility and pace. They opened a door that led out into the farthest inn courtyard beyond which the horses were stabled.
Walking noiselessly alongside the inn walls they reached the stable just as a flicker of fire showed in a downstairs room. They could hear pandemonium from the inn and saw the shadows of customers who rushed outside, yelling, cursing and gesticulating.
Jaim loosed the tethers of the three horses then saddled them very quickly, packing all their bags and bundles into saddlebags in no particular order. He swung himself up onto the first horse with two large bags that he hadn't bothered to tie to his mount. They were still slung over his shoulders. Autoc handed Chlorien up to him and the Gnosti settled her across the saddle, one strong hand holding her there.
"I have the other horse," muttered the mage, as he swung himself effortlessly into the saddle of the last horse, bags also still across his shoulders.
"I'll lead," Jaim said softly.
They rode as quietly as they could from the stable to the street. Jaim didn't see the mage turn and flick his fingers at the inn, nor did he see flames leap where before there'd been none. Black smoke poured suddenly from the building and swirled down and around the immediate area, and with so much chaos and yelling nobody noticed the three horses cantering into the smoke-filled darkness.
Autoc and Jaim passed through the cloud of smoke and came out coughing and sneezing. The horses were uncomfortable as well. They snorted indignantly. The two men drew up, eyes streaming, though Jaim noticed Chlorien breathed quite easily.
"Better for you to have flown out as birds," Jaim wheezed, mopping his eyes. "I could've joined you later."
"We need the horses and all they carry," replied Autoc. "Besides, we don't want any talk of sorcery, do we?"
"How then, my friend, did the fire start?"
"A small rubbish fire I put together, merely enhanced," explained the mage, sneezing again.
"The inn's probably well ablaze by now," returned Jaim, swinging in the saddle and craning his head to look back. "Nothing but smoke, but it'll clear soon enough. Best we are moving, mage."
"Chlorien?"
"He's still asleep." Jaim lifted the prone figure so that Chlorien relaxed back against his chest. "That's what he's meant to do, isn't it?"
"Aye, he was getting very nervous."
They approached the town gate cautiously, the mage reluctant to do anything that could alert anyone to any unusual skills he might have. They drew their horses back into the shadow cast by the wall. They waited. Nothing happened for a few moments, then Autoc swore fluently and softly at the sight of guards who sauntered out from the gatehouse and stood together talking. He leaned across to Jaim.
"I'll try for a cover of invisibility. Keep very close and once we're through, we'll have to move." Jaim nodded.
They walked their horses forward from the blackness, keeping as far to the left of the men as they could because the mage was aware how loud the horses' hooves seemed to sound. They were just at the gap when one of the guards swung round, peering intently. He waved his arms wildly and began yelling, his gesticulations in the direction of the gate.
"Gallop!" urged Autoc. He spurred his horse and yanked sharply on the one he led.
~~~
They rode all night, alternating their pace to spare the horses. By early morning, they'd put many miles between them and Sadekak and Jaim felt it was reasonable to call a halt. Autoc dismounted, strode over to Jaim and stretched up a hand that caressed Chlorien's cheek.
"Wake, little one, and hold out your arms to me."
Chlorien stirred, and opening her eyes, stared up into Jaim's tawny ones. She sat so abruptly, she nearly fell from the horse and then she saw the mage's arms. She slipped into them. Set upon the ground, she blinked confusedly at her surroundings.
"Where are we?"
"Well on the way to the desert. You were asleep when we left." It was Jaim who answered her, a decided twinkle in his eyes as he dismounted. "Tend to the horses, that's a good lad. Your father and I haven't enjoyed your rest." Chlorien yawned and flexed her hands.
"Did we remember water for them?" she asked. Autoc nodded, so Chlorien turned away, gathering up the reins as she went.
Their pause was brief and they were on the move within the hour. Chlorien was delighted to have a horse again, since it meant she could range ahead on the mare and return flushed and happy. Sometimes she rode close to the mage, but at other times she'd chatter away to Jaim as if she'd known him all her life. Every so often, Autoc caught Jaim's eye to see an answering smile in the Gnosti's tawny ones.
~~~
Now they approached the desert Autoc became preoccupied and Chlorien’s teaching became less on the physical plane, but equally as onerous. Autoc took her, again, to the inner aethyr. This time, now she was maturer, he made her travel lines on her own which she found unnerving and frightening, her concentration on where she went, intense. Though she never knew it, Autoc was always beside her should she make an error and stray. The mage made her become comfortable and assured as she traversed the lines repeatedly, always going in a different direction and distinguishing clear markers for her return. Soon Chlorien moved smoothly and made transitions with unconscious ease.
Her introduction to the outer aethyr frankly terrified her. It was done very gently, her mind locked to the scholar’s. She saw raw power that swirled about her, barely controlled and all consuming of everything around it. She saw beyond herself and was anxious to remain within the identity that was Chlorien. She always automatically did. She instinctively knew that to attempt to shape these forces, or use them in any way, would be destructive and an abuse of power that would rebound on her. Nor did she have the ambition or desire to do so. Chlorien reacted with respect tinged with fear. When the mage saw the instinctual reaction, his lips twisted wryly as he thought of the one he was sure was her sire. Autoc felt Chlorien needed a rest, the mage content she had reached a huge milestone in understanding and control. She wasn’t yet fourteen cycles.
~~~
Quite suddenly, the land was no longer stony and there was no more scrub or grassland. They'd reached the desert. Here, Autoc called a halt. He unpacked and untied a bundle from which clothes spilled. There were three pairs of very loose-cuffed pants that Chlorien was told were called talma and to match them, in material and colour, were long, hooded robes with long sleeves that were tied about the waist with broad woven sashes. There were sandals too.
After they changed, Chlorien watched while the scholar buckled on his sword and knife belts. Absently she did the same. She knelt and laced the sandals carefully, unsurprised they fitted her so well. She rolled back the robe sleeves for comfort and then tidied her discarded clothes into a small pile that she placed beside her boots. Autoc picked them up and packed them away in a saddlebag. He looked very much taller in robes, Chlorien thought.
She was about to remount the mare, when a hand stopped her and she turned to see the mage hold a piece of cloth and what looked like a plaited rope.
"For your head, lad. You'll die of the sun if you go bareheaded in the desert. Stand still."
The cloth was flung over her head so that the bulk of it fell down her neck and touched her shoulders. Her forehead was partly covered, but only to her eyebrows, and she felt Autoc place the plaited cord firmly over the top of the cloth.
"Settle it so that it's comfortable," she was told, as the mage turned away to place cloth on his own head.
Jaim had already put his skifi in place and sat waiting on his horse. Chlorien and Autoc mounted. The mage gave the signal to move.
They entered the desert. The mage wondered idly how long it would be before they were accosted by the Wildwind tribes and tried to anticipate what their reception would be. He suspected it would be hostile and resigned himself.


CHAPTER FORTY-NINE

Brue hid, as he often did these days, because it seemed he was forever in trouble of a minor kind. It wasn't that he was constantly naughty; he just attracted the attention of boys older than himself who wouldn’t leave him alone. He was big for his five cycles, built more on the lines of a boy at least eight cycles, tall and sturdy, and with an unruly mop of flaming copper hair that was always untidy. Though it was cut short in the early days, for ease of care, the unruly curls bounced all over his head.
He was one of hundreds of orphans who'd been moved steadily northwards, until now they were in a semi-permanent camp at the tip of the forest. There were over eighty such camps stretched along the northern perimeter, each one organised along the same lines. Each cell of children was the immediate responsibility of a mentor, usually a youth or a very young man or woman, who in turn answered to a guide. General control was in the hands of seniors who managed and maintained each camp, these men rarely sighted by the children. The seniors were only recognisable by badges they wore on their shirts.
The children were well cared for, their physical needs always met. They never went hungry, but all became resigned to wearing clothes handed down from older children. No child owned anything. Possessions were very few and there were no toys. Brue was one of many, and as children are wont to do, he accepted his situation stoically, living each day as it came.
He didn’t fully know who he was. He was barely two cycles at the time Ortok was attacked. When he was forcibly wrenched from Daxel in Ortok and carried to safety, he was left beside his brother for the first day, the little fellow snuggling into Daxel’s drugged figure in Blenharm Forest. The child refused to either move or eat. In Daxel's tormented waking moments, he flung an arm about the little boy and held him as if he was terrified to let the child go.
On the second day Brue was removed from his brother, the little boy screaming as he was lifted into a cart and given a drink that quietened him. The little fellow stayed in shock for weeks and had to be coaxed to eat. No one encouraged him to remember, those in charge of the children learning, early, that such traumatised young had to be started on a new life as soon as possible. Brue made no effort to speak until he was nearly three cycles and when he did utter words he'd only repeat, tearfully, three words, Mam, Da and Sar. After a while he didn't say them again. He spoke little.
It was no easy task facing those responsible for such large numbers of children whose ages ranged from infancy to eleven cycles. Though the children were fed and clothed, no child had the individual attention so necessary over their formative years. This lack clearly showed in Brue.
In the early days, too, the young ones were expected to do many things to help that kept them busy from the time they rose to the time they were put to rest. They slept on beds of leaves over summer and in colder weather were bundled together on communal mattresses in overcrowded tents. Life was spartan and hard. The older children were expected to help care for the younger ones as well.
Three cycles on, life for the young was easier because they no longer had to make frequent moves and had, for the first time, a measure of stability about their young lives. Long shelters were erected that served as dormitories, refectories and schools. Though life was still harsh, it wasn't so physically demanding, though discipline was rigorously enforced. Fighting, or any other anti-social behaviour, earned a spanking for the smallest and a sounder thrashing for the older children, transgressors dealt with promptly and without compunction. The children learned instant obedience in a way that was oddly similar to how some young grew up in the south of Ambros. In school they were expected to learn and progress.
~~~
This day wasn't turning out to be one of Brue's better ones. He rose late because he'd spent some of the previous night hiding from an older boy who constantly harassed and bullied him. He was untidy for inspection, his boots were uncleaned and his hair, tangled and dense, was uncombed. Since he tended to be a loner, even at this young age, all the other children left him alone.
Tealo was the youth in charge of the group Brue belonged with. He was usually a long-suffering soul. He let the children away with more than might be considered acceptable, but this morning he was irritable because he'd had a heavy night, slept ill and woke with an appalling headache that made him wince when he moved his eyes. He had a very real hangover.
So Brue was shaken for his tardiness and again for his boots being grubby. The uncombed hair was too much for Tealo. He took Brue by the arm and looked down at him sternly.
"You're a tiresome little boy," he said austerely. Told to fetch his comb Brue did it unwillingly, aware that Tealo's method of doing hair was extremely rough. Brue’s hair dealt with Tealo said, "Put your clothes neatly at the end of the mattress, tidy your blanket and clean your boots. You'll then go direct to school." Brue kept his head down and said nothing. "Go now, boy!"
Tealo watched while Brue shuffled backwards and then shepherded the rest of the children outside.
Brue sat on his mattress, mutinously pulled at his blanket in a rough fashion and smoothed it as best he could. He gathered his clothes and heaped them in a reasonably neat pile next to him and then stared at his boots, half-heartedly rubbed the tops of them with his cuff, and, since this seemed to work, he did the rest of them that way. His cuff was a mess but Brue didn't care.
He thought again that he might run away, but, small as he was, he knew perfectly well he wouldn't survive a night away from the camp. He sighed and drew his boots close. A noise made him look up. He locked eyes with one of the boys who made his life a misery. Daed was large for eleven cycles, was one of the worst bullies in the camp, and even Brue, large as he was, yielded to him. Daed physically manhandled other children in a nasty and unpleasant way. He stood over Brue and kicked at his boots.
"You are a tiresome little boy," he mimicked. Brue blushed. "And you always cry, just like a baby! A baby! A baby!"
"Leave it alone," Brue growled, trying to get his boots. Daed just sneered at him and threw the boots beyond Brue's reach.
"You're just a dirty, grubby, red-headed droll," Daed said with some relish, adding, "You won't ever be claimed because nobody would want you. You're nothing! No one cares about you. No one! No one!"
This was too much for Brue. He clambered to his feet, his blue eyes blazing as he launched himself at Daed and threw the older boy backwards. The resulting fracas was unscientific but highly conscientious, the yelling bringing others on the scene quite quickly. Daed managed to bash Brue's head on the floor several times before the smaller boy scrambled free and threw himself at Daed again. He pummelled the bigger boy as hard as he could.
They were unceremoniously hauled apart by a short stocky man clad in riding attire, who flung Brue into the waiting arms of another older man and then roughly hauled Daed to his feet. Without a word, he unbuckled a belt and disciplined the older boy. Then the man buckled on his belt and turned to Brue who stood by himself, nursing a head that throbbed. He felt giddy. The boy watched the man approach, shrank back, and cowered into the one who held him steady. He was jerked forward. The man just spanked Brue, hard, twice. It was intended to be felt and remembered.
The stocky man stayed his hand. He made Brue stand in front of him, stooped, and putting a strong hand to the young chin he looked directly into flooded blue eyes.
"I don't care who started this, my little friend, though I can well guess. You haven't been drawn to my attention before today." Brue tried to move his head, but couldn't. "I've finished the fight for you. You'll learn to settle disputes in a different way next time, won't you?" He stared hard at Brue, seeing the boy's lower lip tremble.
"Yes, Senior."
"You know fighting is forbidden. You'll try to be a better little boy, won't you?" The man's eyes seemed to bore through Brue.
"I'll try, Senior."
"That's much better," approved the older man. "Do you wish to tell me anything before I let you go? Has someone been disturbing or hurting you that I should know about?" Brue longed to tell him about the incessant bullying and what Daed said, but he was so shaken all he wanted to do was crawl away.
"No, Senior," he whispered.
"What made you fight then?" Brue stood chastened and silent. The senior eyed him thoughtfully. "Daed's caused trouble everywhere he's been, so I think it's time he was removed from this cell to one where there are older children who can cope better with his aggression." Brue gave a small sob. "I think your life might be easier then, child." The stocky man patted the boy’s shoulder, not unkindly. "Have that head looked at, boy, and then get to school."
~~~
Biting his lips, Brue picked up his boots and fled. He didn't go to have his head attended to. He stopped at the edge of the camp to pull on his boots, aware of the odd ringing he had in his ears. He rushed through the bushes without being aware of it, his instinct making him go as far from those who'd hurt him as he could. He crawled under a very large bracken fern and threw himself on his stomach, where he sobbed as if his heart would break.
Brue finally fell asleep. He woke feeling stiff, his throat dry and the morning considerably advanced. He clambered to his feet. He felt grinding hunger. His head was still clogged from being bashed on the ground and he'd lost his sense of direction. He stood looking around at completely unfamiliar surroundings and gave a sob of fright when he realised he was lost. He made no move while he tried to decide which way to go. Then he noticed broken ferns and scattered leaves that he thought he may have disturbed, so began very slowly to walk in that direction.
He was so intent on following this track he didn't see the forester who observed him from behind the bole of a huge tree. When the boy drew level with him, the forester spoke. Brue stood paralysed. Terrified, he cowered with his head buried in his arms. He waited. The forester stepped forward to the boy's side and spoke more to himself than to the child.
"What have we here?" He quickly dropped to one knee and put a hand on the boy's head. "Now then, little fellow, what's the matter with you?" He gently lifted the boy's head, surprised to see tear-stained cheeks, the whiteness of the young face and fear in the big and vividly blue eyes. "You look a sturdy little lad, so if you're so afraid why didn't you run away?" Brue gave a hiccup.
"I's naughty and my head hurts. I’m lost," he admitted, looking warily into the steady gray eyes of the stranger.
"Are you though?" murmured the forester ruminatively. "What did you do, I wonder?" He took hold of the boy's nearest hand and pulled him closer. "Can't you run at all?" Brue took his hand away and shook his head.
"Giddy," he said simply. The stranger looked at him.
"Spanked, were you?" he asked knowledgeably. He saw the telltale blush. "You must've been a naughty fellow." When an indignant sparkle came to the blue eyes, he gave an amused smile and took an educated guess. He asked politely, "Have you been fighting, little lad?" Brue bent his head.
"Only when I have to."
"As I said, you're a sturdy lad. Can't you defend yourself better than that?"
"A fight hurt my head," stammered Brue, blushing again.
"So?" enquired the forester. "Who spanked you then?"
"Daed made me fight. He's a bully and he's bigger'n me. He bashed my head too." The forester saw the lips quiver. "He said things." The forester's hand went back to the curly head when he heard the break in the young voice.
"And after you fought, lad?"
"A senior came and..." Brue's voice trailed off.
"I see," said his newfound friend in a neutral voice. "And he dislikes fighting, does he?"
"Fighting isn't allowed," Brue admitted in a very small voice. "Tealo says it's cos there's so many of us." The boy sounded suddenly tired and his voice cracked.
"Ah," said the forester with comprehension. "You're from the orphan camp, are you?" Brue nodded. "And you're being bullied?" There was another nod, a sniff and a little hand rubbed weary eyes. "You should learn some easy tricks, lad, that would stop any further bullying." Brue's head came up at those magic words and the forester saw the little boy had the most endearing grin. "Would you like me to show you?" The curls bobbed assent. The forester took a small hand and they began to walk forward. "What you need, little fellow, is an older brother to show you a few things."
Brue came to such an abrupt halt it made the forester stare intently down at him, aware of the look on the child's face. Brue did nothing. He just stood there, still and silent, while tears dripped off his chin. The forester quickly dropped to one knee a second time and pulled the little, rigid body into his arms so that he held the boy in a close embrace.
"So that's it, is it, little man?" he said understandingly, his head bent to the coppery curls. "Hush, lad, hush."
He just stayed quietly, his hold on Brue not lessening until he knew the tears eased. When they did, he lifted the small head and gently wiped the boy's face with a cloth. He made no effort to rush Brue, and let the boy go when he sensed the child wanted to be released. He stood and offered his hand to the boy again. A little hand slid into his and clung to it, the forester suddenly aware how desperately lonely this child was and how in need of affection and attention. He looked down to an upturned face that broke into a tremulous smile.
"Tell me," the forester began conversationally, "how many children there are in your camp." He led the boy down a less obvious track, though once you were on it was clearly enough defined.
"Lots and lots," was the vague response. "There's thirty of us Tealo looks after."
"Who is Tealo, may one ask?"
"He looks after us." The copper head drooped. "He's cross with me too."
"Is he indeed?" chuckled the forester. "What else have you done that was wrong?"
"I's late and my hair was mucked and things." Brue paused and considered. "Tealo doesn't care, but he drank lots last night. I think he'd a headache." The forester was much amused, but he spoke with only the slightest tremor in his voice.
"How do you know he'd been drinking?" he asked curiously.
"He smelled and his eyes puffed up," came the answer.
"Out of the mouths," commented the forester, more to himself than to Brue. He glanced down at the small figure plodding along beside him. "How did you annoy him?"
"Boots and hair," replied Brue comprehensively. "He smacks us, but not like the senior," he added rather bitterly.
"Do you think you shouldn't have been punished?" The forester changed direction, but Brue didn't notice.
"I guess," he compromised, grinning up at the forester again. He tilted his head and added aggrievedly, "He needn't hit so hard. It hurt." The forester found this confiding boy very engaging.
"And the boy who made you fight, what happened to him?"
"He hit Daed lots more'n me," the boy remarked with satisfaction. The forester struggled not to laugh. They kept walking in silence, the boy scuffing leaves and walking with a lighter step.
"Where are we going?" queried Brue, suddenly apprehensive. "I'll catch it if I don't go to school. You do things right, all the time."
"I'm taking you to our camp so I can get you something to eat. You'll have missed your midsun meal by now, you know."
"I missed early meal too," came the mournful reply.
"Then, lad, you must be starved." The forester looked down at the little boy who now walked quite normally. "How’s your head now, little fellow?" The blue eyes that met the forester's sparkled.
"I's alright."
"Surely you are," agreed the forester, with a twinkle in his eyes. "By tomorrow, little man, you'll have forgotten all about today."
~~~
The long and the small walked slowly towards the forester's temporary camp, Brue passing the time by prattling and asking lots of questions as children invariably do. The forester was surprisingly patient. He answered when asked anything, but he also asked questions in a way that gave him a clear picture of what life was like for a small orphaned child.
As the forester listened, he began to feel very sad for all the children. There was no neglect and no cruelty at the camp, but if all the young ones craved love and attention as this little fellow did, then times were going to be extremely difficult in the next few cycles when the refugees finally met up. This boy yearned to be spoken and listened to.
The forester glanced down again at the little boy who now hopped and skipped along and held his hand with so much trust. He found himself considering whether he could adopt this child, even if it meant the boy had to be left for long periods at a time. He was toying with this idea, when he felt a tug on his hand and looked down.
"Yes, brat, what is it?"
"Why do we go to your camp and not mine?"
"Do you have leat and cam pie at the camp?" The blue eyes brightened, even though Brue shook his head. "I thought you might like some. I thought, too, you might like to see our camp." Brue screwed up his face as he digested this.
"What about school?" he repeated. The forester gave the small hand he held a squeeze.
"I'll see to it that you're allowed to have today free," he promised. The big blue eyes looked up and the forester's hand got a squeeze in return.
At the camp, the forester fed the boy who was very hungry. While Brue munched happily, the forester lounged opposite and whittled away at a slender piece of barkwood. He whistled as he worked, not conscious of the intensity of the blue-eyed gaze upon him. As the barkwood took shape, Brue's eating got slower and his eyes grew rounder. He didn't speak. He just sat and watched. The forester quietly gathered up the shavings, brushed the remaining ones off his breeches, then ran his hands over what he'd created. Looking up, he offered it to Brue. The boy drew in a quavering breath and took it carefully.
"Thank you," he whispered. "No one's ever gived me nothing."
"Well, lad, that's for you."
"What is it?"
"Whatever you like, lad. It's supposed to be a larkbill. There are lots of them where I come from."
Brue was almost in tears as he held the bird close to him. The forester flicked his curls, told him to finish his food and then to put the carving safely in the tent until later. Brue ate quickly and then trotted off obediently. When he returned, the forester stood the boy in front of him.
"Now then, little fellow, what's your name? I can't keep calling you boy or lad all the time. You do have a name, don't you?"
"Leven," was the succinct reply.
"Leven? That’s an unusual name."
"My name’s Eleven, but I couldn’t say it when I’s little – I said Leven."
"Why were you called Eleven?"
"They told me I’s child eleven arrived at camp twenty-seven."
"So you don’t know any other name?" The copper head shook. "My name’s Kalor. You may call me Kalor if you wish." Brue nodded. "And now, my young friend, I'll show you a few ways to defend yourself against bullies. Come, lad."
~~~
The next hour was great fun for Brue. He thrived with an adult who took an interest in him and forgot his spanking as he chuckled and giggled and learned a great deal. Kalor was amused and also impressed by the boy's quickness.
They'd just come to grips yet again when they were hailed by men who came into view, their comments to Kalor jocular and ribald, to which the forester replied in kind. This banter provoked much amusement. Brue paused in what he was doing, so Kalor took advantage of the boy's lapse in concentration to trip him neatly and send him face down in the leaf-mould. His face flushed and happy, Brue turned over and just lay there, laughing up at the forester.
As the men neared them, Kalor bent, put a hand down to the boy and pulled Brue to his feet. One of the men stopped as if he was transfixed, the others turned to say something to him, then they stopped too, their eyes puzzled. Kalor looked round and noticed, with raised eyebrows, how silent and still one of his friends was. He threw a careless hand on Brue's head and steered the boy forward.
"Meet my little friend," he said easily. "We met a few hours ago and he's being taught some self-defence. The lad's name is Leven."
When he and Brue came face to face with the men, Kalor looked intently at Sarehl and then down at the boy, as if he tried to recall something to mind. Sarehl still didn't move. His face was quite pale. Brue looked up at this very tall, dark man without recognition and drew closer to Kalor, who reassuringly put his hand on the boy's shoulder. Sarehl spoke in a voice that quivered.
"Did you say Leven?" Kalor patted the shoulder he held.
"Say who you are to the man, lad." Brue edged closer still to Kalor.
"I'm Leven," he said clearly.
With considerable difficulty and some degree of pain, Sarehl stooped very low and put out a hand, saying softly, "Then come here, my handsome little man, and let me look closely at you." Brue hesitated, but Kalor, with dawning comprehension, pushed the boy forward.
Sarehl still held out his hand, so obediently the little boy took it, to stand staring speculatively up into black eyes. Sarehl's eyes searched the blue ones that looked so innocently into his.
"Don't you know me, little man?" Sarehl asked quietly. Brue shook his head. "Not at all? Even if there was no ugly scar on my face?" Brue looked briefly at the scar and then shyly away.
The other foresters and the healer exchanged sudden looks of understanding and very quietly turned to go to the tents clustered some distance away. Kalor was with them. Brue went to follow Kalor, but Sarehl retained a strong hold on the boy's hand and made him stay.
"I'm going with Kalor," stated Brue clearly. "Let me go." Sarehl just gently pulled the boy forward so Brue was closer.
"Will you listen to me, little boy, while I tell you something?" Brue nodded, at the same time twisting round to see where Kalor went. Very gently, Sarehl put his hand to Brue's curls.
"I’m Leven," Brue reiterated. Sarehl spoke slowly and quietly.
"I once knew a very little boy who looked like you. He had four brothers and a sister. One brother, me, had a little boy and a little girl called Saren and Chlo. Saren would be your age now." He paused, but Brue made no effort to pull away. "We had a mother we called Mam. We had brothers called Bethel, Dase and Lute. Our sister was called Myme Chlo -." He briefly stopped when he felt the little body stiffen. "And the smallest brother was called Brue." The little head came up. Blue eyes showed instant recognition of the name. "Like all the others, Brue called me Sar or Sar-da." Brue didn't move. "I lost all my brothers and my sister, then I found Dase. Brue would be between five and six cycles now, just as I imagine you are, and, like you, he had very red curly hair and the bluest eyes. I used to carry him on my shoulders. Brue called his father Da and he looked like him, as you do. You remind me so much of him." There was a long and poignant silence.
It was broken by a half-choked little voice whispering, "Sar? Sar?" It broke. "Brue? Brue?"
"Sar, Mam and Da – we all called the little brother Brue."
"Sar?"
"I’m Sar. Once Brue called me that."
The next few moments were punctuated by wild, distressed sobs from one small boy, while tears slid silently down Sarehl's face as he drew the boy close and cradled him. Brue clung tightly to him with his arms and legs, his curly head hard against Sarehl's chest when he was lifted.
"Are you little Brue? I think you are."
"I’m not just Leven."
"No, I think you’re Brue." Another tearing sob came from the child. His free hand went to his heart, then his head, then pointed at Sarehl.
"I’m Brue, Sar, I’m Brue."
Memories flooded the child’s mind and he now stood, motionless in front of Sarehl, lips working soundlessly. When the boy looked up at him, Sarehl had no doubts, because the tear-filled eyes reminded him so vividly of Bruno he nearly choked. He stooped again, and held out his arms wide to the child who’d taken a pace back to stare up at him. The boy stumbled to him and this time clutched desperately at his clothes. Sarehl stroked the red curls, as a little child cried.
~~~
Later that afternoon, Sarehl stood looking down at a small curled up figure on his mattress. Brue lay on his stomach, his hair in disarray and his mouth smiling, a thumb tucked firmly between his lips.
The little boy was sound asleep with one arm outflung. Kaleb glanced at Sarehl.
"I've examined him, my friend, and you need have no worries because he's in very good health. He'll sleep until late meal, because I felt he was overwrought. He's still very much a little child."
"Aye," said Sarehl softly, "Aye, he is. This'll ease Dase's suffering just a little. I'll send notice that Brue's been found, before we move on."
"It might be advisable to ride to the camp so that you can avert any concern about the lad's disappearance."
"I'm not taking him back there," said Sarehl calmly. "He has no place in an orphan camp."
"I didn't think you would," replied Kaleb, with an odd little smile touching his mouth as he turned away. "Who rides with you?"
"Kalor. He and Brue already have strong empathy for each other," responded Sarehl. "Since Kalor found the little fellow, it only seems fitting he should go with me."
"That's so," agreed Kaleb. "Relax, my friend, and rejoice. We've found another brother." He watched thoughtfully as Sarehl limped from the tent.
~~~
After the evening meal, Brue, protesting wildly that he was clean, was thoroughly scrubbed, then had his hair rigorously brushed. He was put to bed on his own mattress in Sarehl's tent. Sarehl sat beside him with his long legs stretched out to give him comfort, and his hand played lightly in Brue's curls.
"Do you remember your brothers, little man?" he asked. Brue shook his head, his blue eyes troubled. "Never mind, lad. All you need know is that I'm your eldest brother and it was another brother, called Dase, who saved you. You've an older sister too, called Myme Chlo, but we don't know where she is. Two of your brothers are prisoners, but one day I hope they'll be free so you can know them again. You have another brother, too, called Lian." He saw recognition in the young eyes. "You recognise names." The little boy nodded. His eyes widened and became anxious.
"I's afraid," whispered Brue, clinging to Sarehl's free hand.
"What of, little fellow? You're safe with me and I'll care for you instead of Mam and Da."
"Will the seniors come?" Brue quivered with stress. "They tooked me away. They did. I wanted to stay. When I’s very little. Will they pull me away? Like before?"
"No." Sarehl lifted the little body into his arms and wrapped his arms round it. "No, Brue," he repeated. "No one will come and take you anywhere. You're coming north with Kalor and me. You like Kalor, don't you?"
"Seniors says I's to be in school."
"The seniors know you're no longer an orphan, little brother, and they've given me all your clothes. See, they're in that bundle over there." Sarehl nodded towards the end of the mattress. Brue still clung to the arm round him.
"No Daed?"
"No, Brue. Who's Daed?"
"He hits me and things."
"The bully you told Kalor about?" Brue nodded forlornly.
"He won't come too, will he?"
"No, little brother," smiled Sarehl, a reassuring hand stroking the tousled mop.
Brue knuckled his eyes rather tiredly, then asked tearfully, "Why isn't Mam here, Sar? And Da?" Biting his lower lip very hard, Sarehl bent his head, unable to meet the big, innocently enquiring eyes.
"They tried to come to you, little man, but they got lost," he said, in a slightly cracked voice. "But they watch over you and love you, as much as I do. You must remember that."
"Will Kalor love me, too?" Sarehl pushed the child back onto the mattress and began to cover him.
"Of course he will," said a quiet, deep voice behind them. "He already cares for you, but you know that, don't you?" Brue’s blue eyes brightened as they lighted on the tall forester coming forward, a beaker in one hand. Kalor knelt by the mattress and with an understanding smile, gave the beaker to Sarehl. "Kaleb thought a warm drink might help the lad sleep," he said softly.
"Thank the gods," murmured Sarehl with relief.
He lifted Brue into his arms again and, with Kalor, he teased and coaxed the boy to drain the beaker. Brue blinked and then slumped. Kalor held a hand down to Sarehl.
"Come, my friend. You've some difficult days ahead, haven't you? Why don't we walk?" suggested Kalor. "Air helps one think."
~~~
Sarehl and Kalor went for a walk. It was still light and was pleasantly warm and as Kalor liked being in the forest, he knew he'd know regret when they soon left it for good. Sarehl was troubled and Kalor sensed it. He'd come to know and respect Sarehl, so he waited for the man to broach any subject that bothered him, but only when his friend was ready. Sarehl's concern was a belief an emissary had no place in his hectic, erratic life for a small child, because he, and the others, often lived rough and were always on the move. There'd be no time for a child's formal education and certainly no stability. When Sarehl at last mentioned this to Kalor the Cyrenic smiled affectionately at him.
"No," he agreed, "but then the child's had little stability until now either, has he?" Sarehl shook his head. "There's been no person to whom he could relate, or could call his own." Sarehl turned his head to Kalor. "Perhaps at this early stage of his disturbed life, Sarehl, that's more important than other things. He's just found a brother who represents all the security he lost. That's going to be very important to that small lad of yours." Sarehl sighed.
"He can't go to Dase, because Dase's too young and too busy to care for a child. He has enough to cope with."
"Even if he could and was willing, that boy has his own developing to do," responded Kalor, stooping to nick a long blade of grass. "Dase only now starts to recover from some of the emotional devastation that nearly destroyed him. That recovery’s fragile enough without burdening him further."
"I know you're right, Kalor. It wasn't a serious thought, but how can I look after the child, moving as we always are?"
"You probably can't on your own," was the blunt reply. "That's going to be a very bright, lively lad in time." Sarehl ran a hand through his beard, then fingered his scar.
"That doesn't help a great deal," he muttered. Kalor gave Sarehl a fond grin.
"Well then, where does that leave us?" he asked, munching reflectively on the grass stalk. Sarehl was thoughtful for a moment, then he laughed.
"Perhaps the others will have suggestions."
"I'm thinking on it, Sarehl," said Kalor seriously. He saw Sarehl glance back to the tents behind them and added, "The lad shouldn't know of discussions, Sarehl. They could unsettle him." Sarehl nodded quickly.
"He likes you, Kalor, very much."
"I've a deep liking for the lad," came the imperturbable reply. "You can believe me when I say I'd let no harm come to him."
"Not one of us is untouched, even the youngest," muttered Sarehl.
"We'll all have to help, Sar, because that's going to be a confused child for a while." Kalor saw Sarehl become pensive and said calmly, "Shall we continue our very pleasant ramble, or shall we return to camp and see what we can hatch among ourselves?" That made Sarehl laugh.
"Does anything ruffle you?"
"Not much these days, Sarehl, no," responded Kalor, throwing the remains of the grass blade away. "Life's just one day at a time now, isn't it?" Sarehl sighed again.
"I suppose it is," he agreed.
They kept walking, Sarehl revolving schemes in his mind for Brue's future only to dismiss them. Kalor kept pace with him, enjoying the now cooling crispness of the air. Even though it was only early autumn with warm days and evenings, once light faded there was a noticeable chill to the air. Kalor scuffed the leaves as he walked, quite content to be where he was.
When the tall dark man came to a halt, Kalor did too, quietly turning in unison with Sarehl as they began the return to camp. He was away with his thoughts when Sarehl spoke, surprised when asked if he was content. He looked across at Sarehl's profile outlined in the waning light. He could see, when Sarehl turned his head, that the scar had faded to a faint jagged line.
"Why do you ask?"
"I ask because you seem at one with yourself."
"Then," responded the Cyrenic calmly, "the answer must be yes. I'm content for the time being. And you?"
"I doubt it's ever a state I'll achieve," was the very quiet reply.
Kalor made no comment. He'd been with Sarehl from the time the man was brought to safety and felt he was as close to him as a friend could be. He glanced again at the profile and sighed inwardly. Though Kaleb had worked unceasingly with Sarehl trying to help the man come to an acceptance of what happened to him and his family, Kalor knew his friend, even in his quieter moments, was a driven man.
It wasn't that Sarehl was restless, because he wasn't. He spoke and moved with economy, was never rushed and always had time for people, wasn't vengeful though he had cause to be, and seldom fretted. His temper was equable and he was unfailingly gently cooperative and courteous. But there was an intensity and a singularity of purpose that seemed to haunt the man and wouldn't let him rest.
Kalor agreed with the healer that Sarehl had recovered from the immediate shock of the loss of his mate and children, but recognised Ensore was right when he said Sarehl couldn't easily discuss his family. That he'd talked this evening of Brue, Kalor knew was a compliment and was based on affection and trust.
Sarehl's pride in Dase showed in glowing black eyes when he read letters from his brother and from Ensore, and the same glow was in those compelling eyes when Sarehl now spoke of his youngest sibling. However, Kalor suspected, as did Kaleb, that haunting Sarehl's waking moments, as well as his dreams, was a tormenting image of Bethel and a deep grief for Daxel's twin. If Sarehl heard Bethel's name mentioned, and it rarely was, he'd perceptibly withdraw, his face looking drawn with inward suffering. And now, as Kalor walked with Sarehl who was beginning to limp more heavily, the forester sensed the same imminent withdrawal over Brue.
Sarehl became aware of Kalor's scrutiny and lifted a hand, saying, "I shouldn't burden you with my concerns."
"We're all involved one with the other. Brue's future concerns us because, apart from any liking we may have for him, his wellbeing touches you," Kalor said quietly.
"Only one good thing's come out of the warlord's invasion, Kalor."
"And what’s that, Sarehl?"
"Deep friendship," replied Sarehl softly.
"Aye," agreed Kalor, with a smile Sarehl didn't see.
~~~
The discussion round the fire that evening was amicable, suggestions tossed around, considered and often discarded. Sarehl listened to proposals and ideas without contributing very much, his dark eyes staring thoughtfully into the fire. When talk began to falter and no resolution seemed to have presented itself, Kalor spoke.
"Do we agree the lad shouldn't return to the orphan camp?"
"That goes without saying," said Kaleb, glancing briefly at the dark-bearded face opposite. Sarehl stayed silent.
"Then the boy obviously goes with us." Kalor's tone was matter-of-fact.
"Is that wise, Kalor?" asked Sache, who was quite short, slightly built and blond bearded. "Brue’s only a child."
"There's no other option is there?" responded Kalor. "If he can't go back with the orphans, he has to stay with us."
"For how long?" queried Arth. "We can't trail a child the length of Ambros."
"Nor," interposed the healer, "can you take a child who's as disoriented and displaced as Brue, transplant him with the only member of his family he knows, then uproot him again seasons later. If the boy goes with us, he stays with us for the foreseeable future. Can't you see what leaving him behind would do to him, let alone leave him now after he's just found his brother?"
"I couldn't allow that," added Sarehl calmly. "If I had to, I'd take the child north and try to settle with him somewhere."
"Not feasible," stated Kalor bluntly. "You're an integral and important part of our moves to establish ourselves as an opposition to the warlord, Sarehl, and you know it."
A smile crept to black eyes. "Aye, I know."
"Well then," went on Kalor. "We'll all have to care for the boy. We should be able to cope for at least the next cycle or so. Then we can think again about a boy who will be securer than he is now. Brue will be old enough to be confident Sarehl will always be there for him."
"What are you proposing, Kalor?" asked Kaleb with a barely repressed grin.
"Aye, you need to explain yourself more clearly," agreed Arth, pulling at his ginger whiskers thoughtfully. "Gods, I know nothing of the infantry. You, Sache?" The blond shrugged.
"Well," mused Kalor. "Kaleb can teach him. So can Sarehl. Between them they should be able to get the lad along the road to being scholarly." Sarehl looked up from contemplating the fire, his dark eyes warm with amusement.
"Undoubtedly," he responded. "Kaleb?"
"Oh aye," sighed the healer resignedly, but there was a definite twinkle in his clear eyes.
"And you, Arth," pursued Kalor. "You're an excellent horseman and a superb archer. You'll have time and plenty in which to instruct the boy. You taught Dase."
"Where," demanded Arth, sitting abruptly, "do I find a horse small enough for a child?"
"You'll manage, Arth, you always do," chuckled Sache.
"And," objected Arth more strongly, "the boy's too young to learn archery."
"Nonsense," chimed in Kaleb, a laugh in his voice. "He has to start somewhere." Arth subsided, mumbling.
"You, Sache," continued Kalor, turning to study the man. "You know swordsmanship and weaponry better than most. The lad's never too young to start learning, even if he's only, what, Sarehl?"
"He's not yet six cycles," responded Sarehl, relapsing into mirth at the expression he dimly saw on Sache's face.
"There you are then, Sache," said Kalor cheerfully. "He's very tall for his age, more like an eight or nine cycle lad in fact, and he's quite deft - I noticed that this afternoon."
"How can you teach a child so young to fight?" protested Sache, prodding Arth who chuckled quietly.
"If anyone can, it’s you, Sache. I've seen you do it before," Kalor responded.
"Oh, damn you, Kalor!" Sache exclaimed, but with a grin Kalor took for acquiescence.
"That leaves you, Dalmin," continued Kalor. Dalmin made no comment. "He needs to be taught self-defence and self-control. Do you think you could do that for the lad?"
Dalmin moved closer to the fire. "Maybe, if we're all agreed."
"And you, Kalor?" asked Kaleb. "What will you do?"
"I'll teach the lad how to survive, my friend."
"And who's to watch the little tearaway to see he doesn't get into trouble?" demanded Sache. "And he will, all boys do." Kalor and Sarehl spoke as one.
"I will." Then they broke into laughter.
"And who's to watch he's clean and eats what's good for him?" asked Arth.
"Oh, that's Sarehl's task," hiccupped Kalor. "It's his baby brother, after all!"
A decision now reached, the group became quite animated and the skins of wine that had been brought out to celebrate the finding of a brother, soon became limp. There was still verbal sparring after the fire died, but it was tired jesting. Before too long, each man made his way to his tent, all conscious they had to push further north on the morrow so that they'd be out of the forest within the week.
Sarehl entered his tent quietly. After he'd prepared for rest and lay stretched out under blankets, he turned to look across at the sleeping child next to him. Gently, he lifted Brue onto the mattress beside him, made sure the little boy was still covered, and then the tall man curled round the child protectively.


Third Age
11208-9

We've learned more of the Samar sons. With the eldest goes the child of the second father. Another son, Dase, travels with the Chamah-Elect of Dakhilah. The latter leads a massing army that becomes more cohesive daily as it moves steadily north.
 
All trace of the twin brother, Luton, has gone. He was tracked as the caravan left the mountains and reached the great plains. He travelled with one of the warlord's haskars. The boy's sudden and inexplicable disappearance concerns us because it's as if a power shrouds him from both us and the Watchers. Again, we wonder about Malekim. We need to trace the warrior lord who accompanied him from the slave train.
 
Information reaches us faster now because reader-seekers, called healers by Ambrosians, are again responding to the call of their Mishtok. He's told us he's trying to ensure all at and above Level Two are again operative across Ambros. He's still trying to locate lower levels. That the Conclave is active as it should be, relieves our minds.


CHAPTER FIFTY

Luton sensed a thought catch at his mind and looked up at the very tall stranger who eyed him as if he was an insignificant insect on a laboratory slide. He felt chilled, shivered, and was unwilling to continue looking up. He lowered his head in the slave gesture of submission. He remained still.
"Follow," came the same deep, cold voice. The robed and hooded figure turned and moved back the way it'd come. Luton stood irresolute. When a very threateningly, quiet voice entered his mind with a hiss, he jumped and looked behind.
"Don't keep me waiting." Luton shivered again, as he'd done in the cold of the mountains, then he turned back to stare at the figure ahead of him. "Yes, Luton, I'm in your mind, where I'll always be a presence. You're wholly bound to me, in ways you can't yet comprehend. Obey and follow."
Drawing in his breath and fearful, Luton did. He had to hurry because the robed figure seemed to float on air. The breath caught at the back of Luton's throat, even as his eyes intensely followed the fluttering robes that were always just ahead of him. He was so intent on keeping up with the figure he barely noticed when it stood still and then quickly stopped at a respectful distance. The voice in his head chided him.
"Always just behind me, Luton. Always. Don't forget."
As Luton hastened to obey, the sorcerer raised his arms. He uttered a guttural incantation that nearly froze the boy's blood. He found he couldn't stop shaking and had to restrain an impulse to grasp at the cloth in front of him. His mouth was dry.
Almost immediately, he noticed what looked like a cloud in the sky move directly towards them, sweeping up so fast the boy could scarcely focus on it. Then, as it drew close, Luton could see what was above him. His astonished gaze took in huge, spreading, red-veined wings that beat slowly and strongly as the great beast hovered, its breath steaming through its nostrils.
When the sorcerer lowered his arms, the dragon settled on the ground in front of them sending up clouds of dust and sand that made Luton choke. Blach was impassive, had no trouble breathing and ignored the boy behind him. Enormous clawed talons lay only feet away from Luton. As the boy struggled to get his breath, his eyes stared in awe at the feet and then travelled up the forelegs and chest to the gigantic head that belched small flames and hissed steam. Both helplessly fascinated and terrified, Luton stood still, transfixed. The voice in his mind was clinical.
"Climb up behind me, Luton. There are two pouches. You'll get into the first one. You'll find I've devised a harness to hold you secure for your first experience riding a dragon. Buckle the belt across your waist and your shoulder."
Luton shook his head disbelievingly. He watched Blach move purposefully forward to begin an effortless climb up the dragon's side, just behind the sinuous neck. The boy followed. He fell into a pouch a little in front of the sorcerer, where he obeyed instructions as he always did and had barely done so before he felt a rumble. Then he felt the steady beat of wings create a downdraught as, gracefully, the dragon ascended and wheeled.
Abruptly, they entered a wind tunnel of intense heat that channelled all around them in hot eddies. Harth flew strongly through it. Blach was oblivious of any warmth, but Luton's lungs felt compressed and he had continued difficulty breathing. Just at the moment he felt he couldn't bear any more, Luton saw they were through the tunnel and flew over a landscape that seemed from another world.
The ground was baked ochre. It split into hairline fissures with constant heat. The orange sun was like nothing the boy had ever seen, huge, bright, and pouring out immense energy and heat. Clouds were orange: everywhere was tinged with red. In time the baked earth gave way to yellow sand dunes that glittered brightly and seemed to stretch to infinity. There was no water and there were no trees. There was no sign of any vegetation or of any living thing. Luton shuddered at the utter desolation.
They flew over this undulating and harshly magnificent landscape for what seemed to Luton to be hours, the ground revealing scarred ravines and upwellings of jagged black rocks. Sometimes the sand gave way to mile after mile of blackened stones fused together by heat and shining almost as blindingly as the sun. Luton's eyes ached. He wondered idly if this sun ever slept.
"Never, boy," came a quiet thought in his mind. Luton didn't dare even twitch. His chest heaved with agitated breathing. "I'm the dragon," came the voice again. "I'm Harth. You needn't be concerned about me. No one knows I speak to you."
Luton's trembling eased and his hands, tightly clenched, relaxed, then, without hesitation he responded in a way he'd not done before. He mindspoke with the dragon effortlessly as if he'd done so for cycles, hearing, as he did, the deep belly dragon laugh of appreciation.
"I didn't speak to you," Luton sent tentatively.
"You don't need to, boy. You're open to me."
"And are you to me?"
"You already know the answer to that, boy, don't you?"
"Are we both open to-?" Luton's comprehension boggled. His thoughts were chaotic.
"To the mage, do you mean?" asked Harth.
"Mage?" repeated Luton, even more confused. "Is he more than a sorcerer?"
"Indeed, boy, you've much to learn. And no, we are not open to him." There was a deep rumble through the boy's mind. "What do you call the mage, boy?"
"I was always told I'd be bought by the sorcerer, Blach of Lachir Keep." Luton rubbed his eyes wearily, aware he was suddenly very tired.
"Ah," came the dragon's voice, oddly soft. "Then, young one, indeed there is much you don't know."
"What kind of a man is the sor - the mage?" came Luton's curious question.
"That," Harth replied, "you'll find out for yourself."
"Do you always serve him?"
"On occasion," came the response after a pause. "Be quiet now, boy. You talk too much, though that's understandable in one mute for so long. Be guided by me, boy. Watch, learn, don't ask questions, achieve every task you're set. Times will be dark, but light will, we hope and believe, come. Hold to that, child. Do you hear me, boy?"
"I do, Harth."
"That's well, boy." There was satisfaction in the dragon's voice. "We'll not see each other for a time, but a day will dawn, boy, when I know you'll call."
Harth broke the mind link on the words, leaving Luton thoughtful and briefly unaware of anything else around him. Then he suddenly forgot the conversation. It was as if it had never happened.
After what seemed an eternal nightmare of shifting colours in red, brown, yellow and black below them, the dragon banked sharply and went into a steep dive. Luton closed his eyes. His stomach churned. His hands gripped the harness he wore. He clung with all his strength, only opening his eyes when Harth levelled out and winged his way to what Luton thought was a fortress, a structure built of the same black stone they'd been flying over. It was a grim and forbidding place with no architectural ornamentation, its walls sheer and very shiny.
Harth landed abruptly in front of heavy and enormous gates that were being hurriedly pulled back by huge, muscled blond-headed men with eyes that seemed to stare unblinkingly red. They had magnificent physiques. Luton was flung forward on the landing and now tried, with shaking fingers, to undo the straps that held him secure. His first glimpse of what he knew was to be his final home shook him deeply.
Blach alighted easily, but paused on the descent to yank Luton from the pouch and drop the boy some distance to the ground. The earth was very hard and extremely dusty. Little dust devils skittered round both the boy and the sorcerer.
Harth didn't tarry. He rose promptly, creating more dust, before he abruptly winked from sight. Luton blinked, then felt himself cuffed forward as Blach began to glide towards the gates. Fearing the little dust devils, Luton hurried after him. The gates closed behind them with a deep and long echoing clang, bringing home to Luton how much more of a slave prisoner he was here than he'd been since he was in the caravan. He began to shake with tremors that shook him from head to toe.
Blach moved swiftly across a courtyard into a flagged compound. There was no sound in the fortress of any kind, only brooding silence that tore at Luton's nerves. He remembered Blach only took mutes, or made people that way upon arrival at the Keep, and that merely increased his terror. He saw no people either, only shadows.
Blach and the boy passed up steps, across more courtyards, up more stairs that took them through galleries situated on different levels, but always upward towards a tower that dominated the eastern side of the fortress. The tower, thought Luton, breathless with panic and exertion, seemed to touch the orange clouds. It looked a pinnacle of power and presence.
When they reached half-way up the tower Blach paused on the landing, looked frowningly at Luton, then, turning from him, the sorcerer pushed open a heavy, arched wooden door. Blach pointed to the room and Luton entered. He crossed to the tiny window that looked out over a courtyard but it gave Luton vertigo and dizzily he retreated.
Calmly putting back his hood, Blach turned to face the boy. Luton stared at his new master for a moment before respectfully lowering his head, but in that glimpse he saw a thin ascetic face, deeply lined. The thin lips were bloodless, the scalp hairless, and the eyes had a glowing hollowness that made the boy's skin crawl. He licked his lips, a habit he had in moments of distress.
"You understand, do you, Luton, that you're my slave?" The words were very quietly spoken, barely audible. Luton nodded. His heart hammered uncomfortably. "I'll rarely speak," the voice continued. "I'll mindspeak you, and, as you know you can do, you'll respond likewise, promptly. Is that quite clear?"
"Quite clear -," Luton sent, then he hesitated.
"Master will suffice, Luton."
"Quite clear, Master."
"There will be obedience in all things." Luton went to nod. Immediately he felt a pain stab behind his eyes, a sharp and extremely painful reminder he was to converse only in mindspeak. "In all things, Luton." Luton swallowed, a hand tentatively to his left temple.
"Yes, Master," he responded quickly.
"I don't keep mutes purely for entertainment, you understand." Luton shivered. "They're useful to me, as you'll be. I dispose of slaves when they no longer serve a useful function, so you can expect at some stage you'll be eliminated as is appropriate. Experiments can become boring." Luton felt another shiver take him, at the same time as he heard amusement echo in the voice in his mind. "You transgress, Luton, and this is a taste of what you can expect." Immediately, Luton put his hands to his head at the agonising pressure that pushed inwards on his skull. The sensation went as fast as it came, but it left Luton feeling sick. "Do you understand?"
"Yes, Master."
"You'll remain here. I'd advise you to sleep, though whether that will help you for what comes I’ve no idea. Nor do I care."
~~~
Blach walked quietly to the door, opened and then closed it. When Luton heard the key grate in the lock he stood rigid. Alone, he allowed terror to overcome him. He sat on the bed trembling, his fear as great as it was that day in Ortok. As he did then to try to save his sanity, Luton stopped trying to reason or understand and just sat on the bed, stared at nothing and let his mind go blank. Mercifully, sleep claimed him almost instantly. He woke disoriented to a dark room and yawned, aware he felt desperately hungry. He stretched and stood.
"Food comes later," came the uninterested voice in the boy's mind. "Lie down," advised the voice.
Luton did so with a sigh. An instant later, he flung his hands to his head, his body arched and had he possessed a voice he’d have uttered tortured screams. His body went into agonised convulsions. A mind of power coolly entered his. It disdainfully brushed aside the barrier Luton, for the sake of sanity, put in place all those cycles ago in Ortok. This probing mind began to dissect the boy slowly, cruelly, methodically, and with exquisitely vicious finesse. He was taken back to the moment of his birth, through to the day Ortok was invaded, a time he was forced to experience again in all the detailed terror, pain and horror. He was coerced to re-live it. It was as if it all happened, then and there. The aftermath on the slave trail was repeatedly analysed.
The intruding mind peeled away the layers of the boy's mind as if they were thin skins of a fruit, exposing Luton as raw and vulnerable. He tried to fight. His struggles were considered mere amusing but ineffectual barriers to be ignored as his mind was probed over and over again with ruthless indifference. There was no curiosity, only critical analysis and assessment, whilst at the same time Luton's emotions were shredded and discarded with the utmost contempt and in the most pitiless fashion. When the mind withdrew from Luton's the boy lay motionless and hunched, his head in his hands. His black eyes showed no sense whatsoever. His mouth was wide open, as he'd tried to howl.
Even though he found Luton simple to alter and utilise, Blach withdrew from the young mind somewhat pensively. He was so disdainful of the boy's efforts to protect himself that he didn't, unusually for him, bother to destroy Luton's mind, not considering it necessary. He merely closed down the part that was Luton's former existence with a simple block.
The empathy with an identical twin Blach laughingly dismissed as contemptible and of no immediate use. He didn't even bother to explore either the depths or ramifications of such a relationship and cut the one half from the other without a second thought, nor did he consider the damage, possibly irreparable or otherwise, to Luton or his twin. He was only vaguely interested that the other twin might still be alive. It was at the instant the sorcerer thought he’d cut Luton from Daxel that a combined consciousness asserted itself with unexpected power and sublimated itself, almost in entirety, in both individuals. Without awareness, Luton took Daxel with him.
Blach was reasonably content with the use he could put this boy to, Luton eminently suitable for his purposes. In his arrogance, the sorcerer didn't realise that Luton also managed, though barely and without conscious awareness, to reassert his uniquely individual identity in a display of defiance and will to survive as an entity that even a sophisticated practitioner would envy. He also blocked that re-assertion, of himself, more deeply than Blach blocked him. It was a manifestation of inherent talent Blach couldn't have known existed. He would have been sneering and incredulous if such ability was suggested to him, but Sarssen would have recognised it - Bethel did something similar in his first days with the warlord.
Luton came back to consciousness, unaware his body should ache from the strength of the convulsions. He felt nothing, not even hunger. It was as if he'd ceased to exist. He was unable to feel. In his mind, he knew only that he was a mute slave, that he belonged to Blach and had always lived at the Keep, a place to which, as an obedient slave, he was irrevocably bound. To him, he woke in his natural environment, this Keep his only memory. In time he'd learn that Blach allowed his mutes to feel, but only pain, nothing else, and that wasn't something to be enjoyed. Instead, it was a sign of a master's extreme displeasure. He found his torc no longer there.
He got to his feet and walked over to the window again, but, seeing nothing but blackness, went back to the bed. He should have reacted to the darkness, because though his room and what he could see was blackness, beyond that the sun shone as fiercely as ever. However, as one who had memory only as from the moment he woke, Luton didn't respond and simply accepted what was around him. He yawned.
As he sat, he heard the key grind in the lock and looked up though he made no effort to move. The door opened to admit a huge, black slave who carried a tray in one large hand that he placed on the table set out from the corner of the room. He pointed first at Luton and then at the tray. The man's face was expressionless.
While Luton ate, the man squatted on the floor watching him intently. When the boy finished, the huge man rose, took Luton by the wrist, pulled him to another door further along the landing and pushed him through it. Luton realised he was to clean and relieve himself. He was then returned to his room, where he was again locked in.
This continued for days. Luton lost all track of time. He ate when food was placed in front of him and obediently allowed the black slave to strip him, even to the new sandals Kher gave him. The boy was left naked. Light and dark altered erratically around him from one hour to the next, so his whole former pattern of existence became meaningless. He accepted the conditioning, lying to sleep when his world darkened and responding to the light as it flooded into his room almost blinding him. His mind continued to be a blank. He was totally and irrevocably disoriented, malleable and utterly docile.
One morning, or Luton thought it was morning because light streamed across his bed some time before, the black slave fed the boy and then pointed at sandals and clothes laid on a chair that he'd not been permitted to wear until now. Luton drew on the sandals and laced them, then stood waiting. He was clad in a long sweeping grey robe that opened over loose pants, his own clothes removed long ago. He'd no identity with the outside world and no memory. Both body and mind were thoroughly cleansed.
Luton was led firmly from the room. He was taken on a long tour of the Keep where he witnessed many things that were horrific and repulsive, but he accepted all he was shown without reaction. He was taken below the dungeons to the catacombs that Luton instantly liked, although he learned the black slave didn't. The big man hastily grasped the boy's arm to make Luton move further on.
Over the next weeks, Luton learned to know the Keep from its base to his own landing in the tower and quickly discovered that no one other than the sorcerer, the black slave and himself, ever went near the tower. He wasn't permitted to go beyond the landing and never made the attempt.
Time passed. Blach watched the boy's development in his mirror. He saw the boy study the fortress and learn the maze and the catacombs slowly and painfully. More than once he got lost until Blach finally guided his minder to where the boy was. Blach watched as Luton was taught self-defence by the guards who treated him harshly, their idea of exercises and training leaving the boy doubled over, bruised but indomitable.
He learned swordsmanship and knife skills and was taught how to kill with hands and feet. Luton's stamina improved and he became more athletic and graceful, though he still retained the frailty of physique. He studied the destructive and cruel weapons of Blach's guard. He stole them to learn how to use them. The resulting beating administered by one of the guards drew blood, but nothing else. Only once Edlor grasped Luton’s chin to stare, for long moments, red eyes meeting black, before Edlor flung the boy away.
Luton learned to be a shadow and to meld into nothing so the guards couldn't trace him, nor could his minder. He learned infinite patience.
Blach saw no response on the boy's face when he handled weapons of torture, or watched, uninterested, their expert application. Luton showed no inclination to participate. However, the boy did soon realise, as he watched the torture, why Blach chose mutes for his experiments. But he felt nothing.
Luton learned, too, that any mute girl or woman occasionally brought to his room was there for a specific purpose and if he didn't immediately physically oblige, the black slave hurt him in ways the boy was allowed to feel. He'd mechanically oblige, with neither passion nor interest, then turn from a girl the instant he relieved himself. Blach smiled grimly, pleased with the boy's maturing.
During this time Luton didn't see his master once, nor did Blach make any mental contact. However, two incidents stayed clearly in the sorcerer's mind. He watched Luton's careful assessment of the defences of the fortress, nothing Blach noticed, escaping the boy's attention. Even the guards who taunted him in little ways in the earliest days were warier of him.
The first incident Blach remembered was Luton teaching himself to climb the fortress walls. This was no mean feat when they were so shiny and hard. What Luton discovered were the points of weakness in the walls and also the hidden footholds that only Blach knew existed. That brought a thoughtful look into the sorcerer's eyes. These outside expeditions left Luton alone because his minder remained inside the gates, nor did Luton ever seem to notice the heat. Many times he tried to climb the exterior of the tower in the sweltering heat of a midsun.
He fell often and injured himself with a cracked ankle, a wrenched thumb and once a torn muscle in his upper arm, but always he was drawn back to try again. In the end he reached his own level of the tower, where he hung perilously as he tried to gain purchase on the ledge of his chamber window preparatory to hauling himself in. When he achieved success, the boy never repeated the feat.
The second incident concerned the black beasts of the Keep. Blach didn't expect the boy to easily survive the handling of these legendary animals, because they were fiercesome creatures with wills of their own. Their origin was shrouded in mystery over time, but, by carefully scanning each of the dozens of faded tapestries around the fortress, Luton learned that the horses had been rounded up from what had once been lush plains surrounding the Keep.
The lord of the Keep had the power and control to break these horses, but when he died the animals turned savage. They mated, had foals and died. It was whispered, over the generations, that magic mutated them. Perhaps that was so. It was acknowledged the horses could kill with a look if they chose and they accepted only the handling of Blach's guards.
So Blach watched as the boy approached the stables, his face wearing a mirthless smile. He felt a mild tinge of regret that he might now see Luton possibly about to be badly mutilated before he was rescued and patched up. He watched in the mirror. He was suddenly intrigued by the unexpected. Luton stood at the entrance to the stables. He waited for one of the horses to neigh a warning, only realising, belatedly, that these animals were as mute as himself. They stamped restlessly in their stalls and flicked their ears warningly.
When Luton swung open the gate, the nearest stallion swung round, his front legs pawing the air in fury and red eyes blazing. Luton stayed quite still. He watched as the lashing and pawing transmitted itself to all the other horses and within minutes there was a chaos of rearing enraged equines.
Calmly, and without fear, Luton walked up to the near stallion and stood beneath the threatening hooves. The stallion was confused - he swung his front legs to one side and his large head looked down, fury now mixed with surprise. Luton put up a hand while the stallion watched him, his back legs ready to lash out. Luton grasped the mane and, with a real effort, hauled himself up onto the stallion's back.
This was so unexpected and such an outrage the horse just stood still, quivering with passion from head to tail. Saliva frothed at the stallion's lips and he rolled his eyes, but still he did nothing. Luton sat motionless, again waiting. The noise in the stables abated, as all the horses, in unison, turned to stare at the stallion with the boy quietly astride. The guards, who'd come in response to the din of stamping and flailing hooves on the stalls, stood by the entrance, their expressions disbelieving. Luton remained where he was for such a long time Blach got bored watching him and turned brusquely from the mirror. The sorcerer's lips were pursed thoughtfully.
The only contact Luton had with his master over those days was extremely unpleasant. It was connected with the essences that gave the sorcerer so much joy, but which he'd not bothered with for some seasons. Luton thought the essences looked like prisms caught and held in tiny cages. His minder had, early on in Luton's Keep days, shown them to the boy, but Luton passed them by after the first glance with a total lack of interest. He didn't know that the sorcerer had his father's essence that flickered weakly in one corner of the musty room. If he’d known, he’d have been indifferent.
The sorcerer discovered the disappearance of Lian's essence. The fragile prism was nowhere in the fortress. Blach's subsequent fury was terrible. It left Luton unmoved. He took himself to the stables where he remained until the worst of the atrocities were over, then he climbed the tower stairs to throw himself onto his bed, his eyes staring at nothing. Baulked of further prey, Blach turned on the boy.
Luton drifted asleep. He was totally unprepared for the brutal entry into his mind from an infuriated sorcerer and came bolt awake to a mental rampage that was the nearest thing to agony Luton had experienced. He was pinned to the bed, unable to move. A probe of white heat speared this way and that, tearing him into mental fragments of isolated pockets of pain. A voice echoed distantly to which Luton struggled to respond.
"Answer me, Luton!"
"Master, what have I done?"
"His essence, you young cur. Where is it?"
"Master?"
"Did they send you, did they?" snarled the voice, becoming ever more distant.
Luton was soon unable to respond. The pain in his head was excruciating. His awareness dimmed as the probe continued to whip back and forth. It withdrew as suddenly as it entered. Luton's skull felt on fire, until very quickly his mind went blank, he felt nothing, and all he later remembered when he woke was that he'd experienced a taste of his master's anger in a way he'd no wish to know again. He didn't forget the experience, though had no understanding of its cause.
~~~
Nearly two seasons after Luton was brought to the Keep, Malekim made contact. Luton was sixteen cycles and even taller than he'd been when he left Kher. He wasn't as thin but was still too slender, his eyes alert and sharp. He was no longer a boy.
Malekim sent a summons. After opening his door, Luton obediently waited. While he stood there, he found Malekim standing quietly observing him, a keen look in the sorcerer's eyes. After a long scrutiny, Malekim turned. He ascended the stairs. He stopped at the third landing above Luton's chamber and waited as Luton followed expressionlessly but made no attempt to go into the room. The sorcerer beckoned the youth forward. Quietly Luton advanced. He closed the door behind him. There was one chair in the room. The cool voice entered his mind.
"Sit, Luton." He obeyed. The implacable monotone continued. "It's time you were educated, even with a smattering of knowledge."
"As you wish, Master." Malekim stood regarding Luton, a smile writhing on thin lips.
"You've learned a very little, boy, but there's much of which you're lamentably ignorant, isn't there? You read and write."
"Yes, Master."
"And you understand Churchik?"
"Yes, Master."
"Every hour of every day, you'll learn. Eventually, you'll sleep little. You'll discover for yourself that you don't need rest, as I don't, and you'll also learn to control your mind and use it as a weapon. I'll ensure you're not undernourished. All your bodily needs will be met." Blach's meaning was quite clear and Luton had no difficulty understanding him.
"Yes, Master."
"The mind controls the body, Luton, so the body ultimately becomes unnecessary, as you'll doubtless find out for yourself." Malekim moved forward and grasped Luton's chin in one hand, jerking the youth's head towards a closed door. "My library and laboratories are through there, slave. Enter and -," Malekim's smile was vicious, "- you'll die most painfully. Do you understand?"
"I do." Luton made a mental note never to near that particular door.
"You'll eat and study in this room."
As he spoke, Malekim opened another door, a heavy, wooden panelled one that in turn opened into a small room. The room had a narrow bed that was slatted without cushions or mattress, a chair, and a huge desk that both swamped the room and was backed by a bookcase containing ranks of large bound tomes. The room was stark, cheerless and lacked any amenity suggestive of comfort or appeal. Malekim nodded at the desk. Luton pulled up the chair and sat at it.
"Your life is this chamber, slave. You'll not move from here unless I give you leave, or Pic collects you. Your specific and designated function is to learn so you may, perhaps, be of use to me. You have no other reason to exist. Fail me, and you will cease to be." Malekim’s voice in Luton's mind was clinical. The sorcerer pointed at the volumes, and curtly nodded at the one on the far left, that Luton obligingly pulled out and opened. "You'll copy each volume without mistake and remember all you copy, slave. Be warned. You'll recite everything you learn to me. Any error you're foolish enough to make will merit a punishment you'll be allowed to feel and vividly remember, only to encourage you to work correctly, of course. You'll never, Luton, repeat a mistake."
"No, Master."
"Each word and symbol speaks as you write it. Copy it both as it sounds and as it looks, memorising each one as you go. Don't ever forget each symbol as you value your miserable, misbegotten life."
"No, Master," responded Luton automatically, looking briefly up at Malekim before bending his head.
"Your minder will beat you if you do not work constantly." There was the hint of cruel laughter in the voice. "I have many entertaining moments of your discomfiture to come, Luton, haven't I?"
Luton didn't reply. He'd already begun to write.
Malekim was true to his word. Luton worked ceaselessly but punishment wasn't needed because the youth's appetite for learning was insatiable and he was increasingly conscious of his ignorance. Unlike his master, his lack of knowledge imbued Luton with humility, and, as he learned more he lacked arrogance, always aware he'd yet more to discover. Malekim didn't see this in his apprentice. He wouldn't have comprehended it if he had. He was arrogance personified.
Malekim often opened the door of the small room to look at the hunched, intent figure industriously copying. Though Luton's learning only began, the sorcerer could see very clearly the future he'd laid out for his apprentice. Luton would be driven to succeed, because it was his master's will.
Malekim never told Luton how he'd been found. Malekim remembered quite distinctly the wandering essence, barely making a ripple in the aethyr, and saw, again, the thin line of the essence attached to a boy who hung motionless on a pole, high up in the Dakhilah mountains. The memory always brought an unholy glow to the depthless, hollow eyes.
This particular day Luton was so engrossed in his work he didn't hear, in the recesses of his mind, Malekim's echoing laugh. Luton was everything the sorcerer hoped he'd be.


CHAPTER FIFTY-ONE

A gathering of mature ice dragons was an august occasion and rarely called in these days of their existence on Ice Isle. Younger dragons had never attended a gathering such as this. Nor had older dragons, not since dragons withdrew from the affairs of Ambros, so very long ago, after the defeat of Malekim. At that time they'd suffered and had no desire to become involved again, no one having seen dragons on Ambros for as long as could be remembered. They were a myth. They still bonded with the mages on Yarilo and they always answered to the Unseen, but none had been in contact with the Rox for hundreds of Ambrosian cycles.
The eldest dragons, some like Estbane and Grengol, ancient, but with clear memories, were all there in a display of raw power, agitation and not a little anger. That they were there at all caused bellicose rumblings and threatening growls, steam issuing in puffs from flared nostrils. Most lay sprawled with wings carefully furled to avoid offence because dragons were notorious for scrapes over imagined slights or insults. Others half-lay, their leathery tails curled round them and their chins rested on manicured feet. The gather had been in progress for several hours.
There was an expectant hush when Estbane spoke. His eyes changed colour with incredible speed and astonishing beauty. To look into dragon eyes could court death, but it would be impossible not to be drawn into the intensity and depth of those far-seeing orbs. Estbane spoke in a deep and measured voice.
"We fought in past cycles, as most of you know. Those most ancient among us remember even older times. Our kind don't forget. We were called and we answered. It caused us much suffering. Our kind was torn and ravaged as we made demanded sacrifices. I ask, now, why we should once more be asked to touch the affairs of Ambros." There was a long contemplative silence, broken by the booming voice of a huge older male dragon whose eyes were only slightly dulled by the passing cycles.
"Having briefly touched the young Ice Crystal's mind, are we no clearer in our understanding of her actions?"
"We know," responded Grengol, with a belch of flame and a hiss, "she was asked to assist with the taking of an Ambrosian essence from the Keep of a sorcerer. He resides in the south of Ambros."
"Who is the sorcerer?" demanded a female voice.
"We don't know," came Grengol's growled reply. "It would be better if we made it our business to know. Maybe Harth will return with knowledge, if his bane can be lifted." There were rumbled growls.
"Who asked her to do this?"
"The Rox."
"For what purpose did the Crystal steal an essence?" came a fretful query.
"That we have no answer to either," said Estbane calmly. "She's given the essence into our keeping, but the purpose of it being here isn't clear."
Wings began flexing with the beginnings of stress and deepening anger. Steam grew hotter and bodies became restless.
"The mind link between our ancients and a hatchling can't be doubted," offered a younger female, her body changing from red to green, then back to red again.
"Our concern isn't with that," came Estbane's testy reply. "It's our link with her that shows us clearly the Rox are again active on Ambros. I don't deny this causes me grave anxiety. Long-lived as we are, none of the most revered and ancient among us expected to see Sophos Rox again in our lifetimes. That we do, leads me to have serious misgivings all's not well on Ambros. Roxes don't just appear without very good reason. Nor have we had any inkling of possible trouble through our bond with Yarilo. We only know about Harth and that raises worrying questions in itself. Who bound him?"
"We need to find out. Only extreme agitation would have caused Sophos' call to dragonkind," said a very old female, named Leone.
"Was the hatchling forced to go?" asked another female.
"No," said Estbane on a growl. "She chose to do so."
"But why?" demanded a querulous, blue male with flecked eyes. "And why a hatchling?"
"Could she have an affinity with the essence she stole?" came a lighter, younger voice.
"How could she?" reasoned another older male, lashing his tail. "She's not old enough to know affinity, is she?"
"She's a Crystal," murmured Leone, on a cough. "Don't forget a Crystal's development is unlike your own, so can't be judged in the same way."
"She's so very young. Whose is she?" Estbane sighed before answering.
"She's Goldlas, female of Siara's line. Can anyone think of anything else about her? I can't."
A long silence fell on the bowl as bodies twitched and talons flexed.
"She was too young, Ice Crystal or no, to mindlink with so many. We've doubtless hurt her, which was foolish, because we should know better than to communicate with a Crystal in such a brutal way. We should speak direct to the little one. Is she here?"
The majority of the dragons craned their heads round to look at the frail old dragoness who'd spoken. Her eyes were, at that moment, gold-flecked, but she made no effort to colour herself, her old white hide wrinkled and blemished with age spots. Despite her advanced cycles, there was acuteness to the dragoness' expression and such wisdom in her eyes that no dragon was ever foolish enough to discount the few words Eilen spoke. She wheezed slightly and shifted her bulk uneasily, as if wary of causing herself pain. Her tail lashed irritably.
"You ask yourselves why did she choose, young as she is, to go about Ambros?" Eilen asked of the assembled dragons. "Think, dragonkind, to the distant past, and not so far in dragon cycles either, to your links with the world of Ambros. Is it possible you've forgotten your history so soon?" Her wheezing became a hollow laugh that was followed by a deep-seated cough.
A male voice probed cautiously, "Are you saying she's Ambrosian?"
The old female rumbled with mirth again, warm water leaking from her nostrils.
"Is it so inconceivable? I'd remind you that once all species lived on Ambros. By that I mean all. In those times interspecies mating was common. Here we have a dragonet, a rare Crystal too, whose origins we don't seem to comprehend in the usual way. It raises interesting questions I think. Are you all so sure of your own origins?" The growling dissent to her last comment made her sigh wearily. "Cast your minds back," she exhorted them, "and consider your history. Was there not a sprite – or, as Ambrosians call them, a nymph - who loved a dragon aeons ago? And was this occurrence so rare before we withdrew to Ice Isle where we now reside? Tell me, gentle dragonkind, that this was rare." There was an uneasy silence. "And could this hatchling be from such a line?
There's no shame to it. There never was. Dragons once assumed other forms, however briefly, as Ice Crystals still can. Because doubt was cast on interspecies mating it was stopped long ago, but dragonblood flows freely in the veins of sprites throughout Ambros. Dragonblood encourages rebirth of its own kind, doesn't it? Or have you forgotten, since it hasn't occurred for so long? I haven't forgotten, dragonkind, and I'm ancient in both Ambros and dragon terms. Like our revered Sarbane of old -," here she heard hisses and nodded her head slowly, "- I, too, have Ambros blood in these old veins. I passed it to all my hatchlings. Could the little Ice Crystal have sprite and dragon blood from a line such as mine? And was she born of Ambros? Seek answers. Don't waste time in idle speculation." Again, there was a long, pensive silence round the huge bowl. The dragoness spoke final words very quietly so dragon heads had to tilt to hear her. "Never harm an Ice Crystal. This one's truly god-touched. Rebirth would come as no shock to me, should I be chosen to be so blessed."
The old dragoness sank painfully onto her haunches, her wheezing distressing to both herself and to the onlookers. She quietly closed her eyes and within seconds was soundly asleep, her snoring rhythmic and soporific. A plaintive voice said into the silence.
"Is it true an Ambrosian can be reborn as a dragon if he or she has dragonblood from so long ago?"
No one bothered to answer. Voices demanded to know more, and argued and questioned. What seemed a moral tale of long ago was no longer a fable to amuse. Only the old dragons, thousands of Ambrosian cycles old, had any first hand knowledge of Ambros, and there were very few of them still alive. Those who were, said nothing. Only the nostalgia, showing in their rheumy eyes, spoke volumes. The young looked askance at them.
At this moment, so much heat was being generated that the surface ice in the huge bowl melted. The dragons found themselves standing, or squatting, in puddles of water, and, since dragons loathed water this exacerbated tempers. Feet stamped and wings twitched or flapped. Estbane looked up at the enormous and magnificent ice carvings that gripped the edge of the bowl. He sighed.
As he did, he became aware of the young Crystal gliding slowly off one of the upper ledges to settle a distance from the oldest dragons. She made no attempt to approach.
"We didn't expect you," Estbane said gently. "We apologise for pain we caused you earlier. It should have been a single mind meld so as not to harm you. Can you yet tell us who you are?" The little dragoness moved closer, her head on one side.
"Though I sense many things, Respected Elder, I can't recall with clarity or make any order of them."
"But Sophos Rox telethed you?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"To accompany our estani butterfly cousin to Ambros, to retrieve an essence. It belonged to one named Lian. This I told you. I’m told Lian knew me once."
"So you're partly of Ambros?"
"I don't know." All the dragons heard the uncertainty in the young voice. "It would seem this is so, since I knew Ambrosians."
"Do you know anything else?"
"No, Ancient One, though I'm told I will, sooner rather than later."
"Who advised Sophos Rox this was necessary?" The little dragon bowed her head.
"I don't know, Respected Elder."
"Who is Lian?"
"I should recall him, but I don't." This time there was anxiety in the voice. Estbane's voice was deep and kindly.
"We thank you for coming to us, little Crystal. I would speak with you later. Will you come to our cavern?"
"I'll come," acknowledged the little dragon.
There were rumblings, and more stamping of damp feet, before the assembly broke up, loudly hissing dragons beating wings as they rose from the bowl within mere seconds of one another.
~~~
Inside the ancients' cavernous lair two old dragons rested, aware of considerable degrees of stiffness in the joints and of aching muscles. Of habit, dragons loathed unnecessary exertion such as they’d undergone this day. They were indolent by nature. The exertions of the day left Eilen fractious, peckish and very stiff.
She growled angrily at her equally ancient mate, objecting that the bowl was uncomfortable and too crowded. When Estbane went against convention by blowing a gentle blast above her eye ridges, she cocked her head at him and hissed affectionately.
"You forget," he prodded her memory, "that you were one of those who insisted the bowls not encourage unnecessary discussion or argument. You said that if," he continued mercilessly, eying her in amusement as she tried to interrupt, "dragons were uncomfortable, they'd rush through anything to go elsewhere. And you were right."
"Well," she agreed mollified, "one doesn't expect to be called to a bowl at our age."
"It's made you alert though, sloth that you are," Estbane teased her, a chuckle in his voice. "I do feel the same alarm about the little one as you do," he added thoughtfully. "Perhaps Dramas can enlighten us when he comes next to the Isle – if he can."
"Perhaps," murmured Eilen. "What do we do about the little Crystal, Estbane?"
"We leave her to come to us," he replied softly. "As she matures, she'll remember exactly who and what she is. We're inordinately blessed to have her among us and must cherish her." He paused and added pensively, "Though, my dear, I can't help wondering about that block of ice that hangs so solitarily in a northern cavern. Could that be the Lian the Crystal speaks about? And the essence in our keeping - can it be linked to the figure entombed there?"


CHAPTER FIFTY-TWO

Bethel strode over to his small pavilion where a stocky man with a thatch of brown hair awaited him. Jane quickly divested Bethel of belt and sword, breastplate and helm, but ignored the knife-belt that Bethel would only remove when he was with the warlord. Nor did Jane speak, though he thought again how very graceful Bethel was at almost sixteen cycles.
He also noticed how fatigued Bethel looked, the boy's face pale and his eyes dark-ringed. He glanced up fleetingly at this very tall youth who'd just come from the last ceremony that completed days of gruelling initiation into manhood. Jane recalled how, only yesterday, he'd sympathetically cringed for Bethel’s most recent ordeal. Four senior warrior lords stood above the boy and his partner and monitored their consummation, a ceremony that ended the trial of initiation into manhood. Jane knew the boy found it extremely traumatic.
Jane could only guess at how stressful the weeks were for Bethel leading up to this moment. The boy's time with the warlord was such that Bethel was incapable of coherent speech in connection with his thorough, daunting and impassioned preparation for the occasion. He came to Jane exhausted and utterly desperate for rest. Even more than usual he couldn't bear anyone to touch him, the youth flinging himself away from any in close proximity. His eyes were quite wild and dark.
Bethel was six feet six inches tall. He’d still not finished his growth, was as slender and girlish as ever, and still looked a beautiful boy with clear skin and no trace of dark fluff on cheeks or chin. Beside those his age, among the Churchik, he looked a mere child, and when he wrestled with southerners, even more so. That was deceptive if any chose to look closely at him because he was built in the mould of his brothers and father, and Alfar wasn't a slight man.
Bethel stretched, yawned, and flung himself back onto the bed, flat on his back. He scratched absently across his facial slave mark, then let his hand slide to his neck. The young man's voice was deeper these days and richly mellow, with speech patterns now very southern. He sat and pulled ineffectually at his boot.
"Tell me, Jane," he said pensively, "what is to become of me?" Jane hastened over to the bed to help the boy with his boots.
"You'll become a Churchik warrior in less than a cycle from now, lad, that's what'll happen to you. You're trained for it. Another season and you'll compete, even though you’re younger than your opponents."
"Jane," said Bethel pleadingly. "Jane, look at me." Jane gave the boots swift hard tugs and stood them neatly by a chair, then looked up, concerned at the overtone of distress in Bethel's voice. "Can you not see what bothers me?" There was a puzzled look in Jane's eyes.
"No, lad, I can see no difference from when you went out."
"Look at my throat," suggested Bethel, putting hands to his neck in a bewildered way.
"Your torc," murmured Jane, watching as Bethel ran his hands through his hair.
"My maturation," Bethel said in a bitter voice. "My master says a Churchik man does not need a torc." There was silence, then Bethel raged in a choked voice, "I almost miss the damned thing. Here I am, initiated to maturity with a Churchik girl, and in a season or two I must please my master, again, by becoming a Churchik warrior. Jane, what have I become?" Bethel bent his head in his hands, his extraordinarily long hair falling in waves down his back. He ran his fingers through the curls, tearing at them.
"You're what you have to be," Jane responded. "You've no choice if you wish to survive, have you?"
"I will have to fight my own people, Jane. Oh gods, was life ever so ironic?" Bethel got to his feet and began to pad up and down. "I loathed that torc for nearly five cycles because it was a symbol of my slavery, even more than my tongue and scar. It was a visible and tangible reminder of my status, was it not?" Jane nodded. "I thought the day it went I would be freer, but, now it is gone I know I am not. Am I left with any more choices than I had an hour ago?" Jane heard the note of despair and responded calmly.
"No, none that I can see." Bethel still paced.
"I could use the torc as an excuse. I could say, see this torc, it makes me do what the warlord wants. Now that excuse is gone."
"No, lad," said Jane gently. "That's not so." Bethel turned, stopped, and looked sadly back at Jane.
"I have no excuses."
"But you have," contradicted Jane. "You do as the warlord commands or else. Besides, you need no excuses. You're enslaved in the same way as are thousands of others who don't wear torcs. Don't torment yourself over nothing."
"I have been made a Churchik. I am Samar." The bitterness was back in the young voice. "Once I was to be a musician and a composer."
"You still are a musician, Beth." Jane went over to Bethel and put a hand on the youth's arm, shaking it gently. "You're as much a Samar as I'm Mellilan. You'll always be Samar because nobody can take that, or your childhood, from you. How you were moulded, before you were enslaved, will always be the essential you. You must believe that. I believe it and it's sustained me for many cycles." Bethel wearily went back to the bed where he sank down, yawning deeply. He fell back on the cushions and flexed his feet. He was silent. "You'll adapt, young one, as you've always had to. This is really no different, you'll see that."
"Did you know initiation would be so gruelling, Jane?" Jane smiled down at Bethel with considerable affection.
"I had an idea it might be."
"I didn’t," mumbled Bethel, closing his eyes.
"Do you now feel you've left boyhood for manhood, lad?" At the teasing note in Jane's voice, Bethel opened his eyes.
"I am supposed to have done, am I not?" Bethel managed a tired grin.
~~~
Bethel woke from a longer sleep than he'd enjoyed for days, felt refreshed and stretched, thinking idly that he should rise. He pushed himself up on his elbows and turned casually to the pavilion entrance because he saw a movement.
To his astonishment, he saw it was Sasqua, the Churchik girl to whom he was unwillingly mated at initiation, and he blushed crimson as she came confidently to the bed. She was a tall slender girl. She looked and acted older than her fifteen cycles, Bethel well aware she was trained, as were all Churchik girls from the warrior class, to be a highly sensual creature. His blush deepened. He stared up at her startled and immediately swung one leg from the bed.
As he did, he stared fascinated. She quickly disrobed. Her clothes fell to the floor, then, when Bethel tried to get to his feet, she came forward and leaned against him. She grasped his hands and held them to her breasts. As he was used to doing with his master, in all matters physical, he sat still. Sasqua pushed him back on the bed. He started to laugh when she climbed onto the bed, straddled him, and gave a deep, rich chuckle as she began to tickle him.
"You had a rough initiation, did you not, young northman?" she teased. Bethel flushed from face to chest, couldn't speak and flinched when her hands wandered suggestively over him. She calmly pulled his shirt over his head in one swift movement and stroked his chest. "What are you afraid of?" she whispered, her mouth at an earlobe.
Her tongue gently slid inside the ear. Bethel tensed, conscious of her sitting naked astride his stomach and massaging his shoulders, but again he just lay acquiescent in the way of the trained slave. Her tongue bothered him. He tried to move his head. The tongue probed deeper.
"Nothing," he whispered. "Nothing you could do."
"This is all new to you, northman, is it not?" As she spoke Sasqua buried her head in his mane of hair, her breasts brushing his chest. He gave a sigh. "I should not have laughed at you at the witnessing," she apologised, now nibbling interestedly at his other ear.
"It does not matter," murmured Bethel.
His hands cupped her breasts. He felt her tongue at his lips and opened his mouth to speak, but she was too quick for him. Her tongue touched his palate. He felt Sasqua grip him firmly between her thighs and her hands ran over him in such a way he couldn't have pushed her away had he tried.
"It cannot be easy for one who has been with a man for so long," she mumbled into his ear.
Bethel struggled to get up. A warning flashed through his mind, but Sasqua's tongue in his mouth distracted him and he fell back, words unspoken. Sasqua's hands reached his groin and Bethel surrendered.
"Let me show you, young northman," Sasqua whispered. "Just let me show you."
~~~
Jane entered the pavilion, unnoticed by either Sasqua or Bethel, but came to an abrupt and unexpected halt because instead of seeing a still sleeping Bethel he saw the youth active in quite a different way. He turned thoughtfully away.
After what he thought was a decent interval he returned, to find Bethel meditatively paring his nails, his face delicately flushed and a decided sparkle in his velvet eyes. When the stocky man entered, Bethel looked up, guiltily, Jane thought.
"Did you -?" he began.
"Yes, I did," interrupted Jane. "It won't do, Beth," he added, as he stooped to gather up the clothes.
He glanced up. He saw the sparkle quenched and in its place was a challenging spark of anger Jane hadn't seen in those large, gentle eyes. It behoved him to tread warily.
"You are thinking of my lord, are you not, Jane?" Bethel's voice was quiet and reflective.
"Aye, I am," was the grim response. Bethel cast him a pleading look, the spark of anger gone.
"Am I to have no life other than what he demands? Am I to be his toy to play with for the rest of my life?" Bethel asked in a tired voice.
"Lad," said Jane softly, going down by the bed. "I'd do all I could for you, but I can't protect you from his wrath if he should find this out."
Bethel remained quiet, then said calmly, "We must make sure he does not." Jane was aghast.
"Don't see her again, I beg of you."
"How can my master be jealous? You only feel that if you love someone. The warlord does not love me. He instructed us to mate." Jane took one of Bethel's hands in his.
"For other than southerners, your life's unnatural. We all know that and sympathise, but you must understand your mating was for manhood and nothing else. Besides, it isn't that easy, Beth. The warlord will know."
"How?" Bethel looked at Jane and then looked away.
"You know as well as I do that he'll know. He'll see the change in you. You can't live an intimate life with someone without their recognising changes."
Bethel almost shouted, "There is no change, damn you!"
"Isn't there?" came the curt retort. "Will you accept him with the same compliance after today?" Bethel bit his lip and turned his head away. "Do I have to spell it out for you?"
~~~
The following days were among the happiest Bethel had spent since his slavery began nearly five cycles before. He managed to elude his teachers and watchers, by purposefully carrying his estibe every afternoon and striding away to settle by the hedgerows. He was ostensibly there to practise. To the casual observer he'd settle himself, estibe in his lap, preparatory to playing, then, after a short while he'd disappear beneath the hedgerow and run to the field beyond where Sasqua awaited him. As the warlord had called a prolonged halt for the festivities and still showed no inclination to move, Bethel and Sasqua could meet in the same place every day.
Each day, Bethel found it increasingly difficult to concentrate on what he was instructed to do. He was abstracted much of the time and started if someone suddenly called him to order. Sarssen watched him in growing alarm. He saw signs of a lovelorn youth, began to wonder what the boy was doing, and decided something would have to be done if his appalling suspicions were correct. He also worried Jaden may be aware there was something unusual about the boy's behaviour.
At archery the next morning, Sarssen watched Bethel closely. He saw the smile, and, though the slender shoulders were well back, the youth carried out all his instructions in an abstracted way. When he was dismissed, Bethel barely noticed Sarssen in his haste to be away.
Sarssen followed Bethel to the musicians and then to his other training. In the afternoon he observed Bethel at his lessons, the youth's chin rested on his hand and a dreamy look in his eyes. He saw the boy reprimanded and caught a glimpse of the smile before the head bent studiously forward; lastly, he noticed Bethel did no work of any consequence.
After Bethel left Lotos, Sarssen noticed the boy ran. The warrior caught up with him when Bethel came from his pavilion, with the estibe held in his hands. Sarssen frowned and followed. He watched Bethel sit, then look carefully around before scrambling under the hedgerow. Sarssen didn't need to see anymore. He decided this was the boy's last meeting with Sasqua.
~~~
Sarssen didn't have a chance to caution Bethel. That evening the warlord curtly told the boy he was to remain with him. Usually these days Bethel wandered for an hour or more, so this order was unexpected. He didn't demur. Obediently, he went about his preparations for serving his master, responsive to Lodestok's conversation, but detached and his answers mechanical.
After he'd served the warlord, he settled on his mat with his estibe and alternately played and ate while the warlord lounged easily in his deep, comfortable chair, a long leg draped over one chair arm. While Bethel played, Lodestok thoughtfully regarded him, his icy blue eyes measuring him.
He waited until the music died before he said coolly, "You seem very contented, flower." Bethel looked up then quickly back down, his fingers idly plucking a chord. "Has my slave no answer for his lord?"
"I love the music, my lord."
"Is that all?" Bethel started, because the voice had a bite to it. His small laugh was a nervous one.
"Yes, my lord."
"Forgive me, flower, if I wonder a little, will you not?" Bethel's eyes were apprehensive.
“My lord?" The warlord swung his booted foot, his eyes never wavering from the young face.
"You lack your usual -," Lodestok paused thoughtfully, "homage, or shall we say, prostration? I have noticed this gradual change in you, boy, over the last weeks since your maturity. Could it be that your initiation has adversely affected you, my lovely young flower?" Bethel didn't miss the deliberate malice in the cold voice.
"No, my lord," he responded, wondering uneasily if the warlord could read him so clearly.
"I wish I could be sure of that, flower. It would be a shame to eliminate Sasqua for no reason."
All the old terrors and anxieties jostled wildly in Bethel's brain. He struggled to be calm and play the warlord's game. Though his heart quailed, he managed to look directly into the icy eyes, although Lodestok's cynical and appraising stare made him sweat. The warlord said nothing for a few moments. He merely raised his goblet and drank deeply several times, his cold look still bent on Bethel.
"Have you an interest there, boy?" Bethel's mouth was dry. He was too terrified to admit feeling any emotion for anyone.
He shook his head, saying indistinctly, "No, my lord."
"And as my slave," the soft, silky voice went on, "you would not lie to me, would you, petal?" Bethel tried to swallow, failed, and then licked his lips.
"No, my lord."
"You say you have no interest in Sasqua, so you will most fully confirm that this evening, will you not, my flower?" The warlord waited until the youth looked up and locked eyes with him for a very long moment. Bethel's eyes fell first.
"Yes, my lord," he whispered. Lodestok drank again, before lounging more comfortably and toying with his goblet.
"Even so," he mused, "we shall have Sasqua removed from any contact with you, my adorable little petal. I imagine you tell me the truth when you say you have no interest in her, but she, flower, may be tempted by your undeniable beauty and charm."
Bethel inwardly writhed. Lodestok’s verbal lash always bested him. He’d never won against the warlord in such encounters, Lodestok a master at flaying with words. Bethel always became confused when engaged in word games and now he suddenly remembered what the warlord did to him, in the early days, when the boy couldn't match him in an argument. Any confidence he may have had evaporated. Fear took its place. He knew he was being played with. His stomach griped. Five cycles of total domination had left their mark, Bethel too threatened to stand up for himself, but, despite that, terror for Sasqua made him speak.
"My lord, you have nothing to fear from Sasqua."
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Bethel knew he'd made a serious mistake. The warlord was instantly on his feet, his eyes blazing with icy rage. He stood over Bethel and struck him full and hard across the mouth, making the boy drop the estibe. It fell to the ground.
"Do you forget you are a slave? Do you?" When Bethel cringed back and tried to raise a hand in self-defence, his arm was knocked to one side and Lodestok struck him again. "So I have nothing to fear, have I not, you insufferable, ill-conditioned cub? Do you expect such insolence to pass me by?" Bethel was struck hard a third time. It knocked him sideways.
"My lord," he stammered on a whisper through bleeding lips. "I meant no disrespect, truly I did not. Please forgive me."
The warlord hauled Bethel to his feet by his shirtfront and though Bethel was as tall as Lodestok, he still looked a stripling beside the huge Vaksh. Lodestok drew the boy's face very close to his and bared his teeth.
"You think I fear a girl?"
There was incredulity, as well as fury, in the deep voice. Lodestok backed the stumbling Bethel to the bed, waiting until the boy had no option but to fall back onto it.
"Stay there!" the warlord snarled.
He stormed from the pavilion. Bethel put a trembling hand to his bleeding mouth. Jane's words echoed mockingly. Bethel bent his head into his hands. With the savage mood Lodestok was in, Bethel didn't dare move from where he'd been flung. He knew if he put up even token resistance he'd be viciously crushed by superior strength and he was by far too intimidated and physically submissive to precipitate that. He lay there miserably indecisive, very young and helpless. His terror for Sasqua shook him. He licked his bleeding lips again.
The warlord's familiar footfall sounded and Bethel watched as Lodestok strode back into the pavilion, his eyes glittering with the unnatural and terrifying brilliance the boy had learned to fear. He stood in the centre of the pavilion, staring across at Bethel.
"I should not have permitted your maturity," he said in a cold, brittle tone. "It is, however, our custom, and, for better or worse, you are now a Churchik man. We shall see if you can respond as one, shall we not?" The words were biting. Bethel couldn't meet the warlord's gaze and blinked rapidly, aware of threatening tears. He blinked harder to stall them. "Get up, little petal, and make yourself useful. Pour us both more wine!"
Force of habit made Bethel obey. Even in his deepest misery and despair, he passively responded to any order the warlord barked at him. He got to his feet, stooped to pick up the goblet Lodestok had flung down, poured the wine, and handed the full goblet back to the warlord before edging back to the other side of the pavilion.
As he did, he heard a noise outside the pavilion entrance. Lodestok looked over at Bethel with a distinctly cruel smile on his lips, watching the boy closely when Bethel caught his breath at the sight of Sasqua. She was in Sarssen's hard grip and she looked very frightened. Bethel took an involuntary step forward.
"I would not if I were you," came the cold thought in his head. He tilted his head and then swung round, his eyes wild in a white face.
"Who are you?" He mindspoke without thinking.
"Who do you think I am?" came the cool, detached voice.
Bethel looked instinctively at Sarssen. Though he didn't connect the voice with the warrior, he saw the warning frown in Sarssen's eyes and stood still, only brushing his sleeve across his eyes. He didn’t miss the warrior's slight shake of the head. Lodestok strode over to Sasqua. He deliberately towered over her, at his most menacing. The girl hadn't been at close quarters with the warlord before, so the power emanating from him overwhelmed her. She dropped a curtsey and bent her head.
The warlord threw his goblet at Bethel who missed it, it clanged on the ground near the bed and wine spilled red over the carpet square. Bethel scuffed at it with his boot, then, moving away, his eyes met Sasqua's. The warlord saw the exchanged glance. His expression hardened.
"A charming curtsey, child," he said, at his silkiest. He took Sasqua's chin in one hand and tilting her head roughly, stared down at her consideringly. "Do you find this face so appealing, little flower?" he asked, his voice dropping and too gentle. He looked over at Bethel. Sasqua's eyes widened but she made no move. "Answer me, boy!"
"At the time of maturity, yes, my lord." The warlord turned the girl's head from side to side.
"And later, petal, days later?"
Lodestok let the girl's head drop. He turned, walked casually to Bethel, took the boy's chin in a painful grasp and forced Bethel to face him. His voice was frigid.
"Do not lie to me again, boy, will you?" Bethel felt he could scarcely breathe. As his chin was held, he was struck hard across the cheeks by powerful back-handers that made his head spin. "Look at me, boy!" The warlord's voice was so soft, Bethel's stomach seemed to turn over. The boy reluctantly obeyed. Lodestok read the answer to his question in the frightened eyes.
"I see," was his comment, awful in its quiet anger. "I, on the other hand, do not see anything appealing at all. We shall have to get rid of her charms, shall we not?"
As he spoke, Lodestok thrust Bethel to one side and strode over to Sasqua, deliberately pulling her at the same time as he drew his knife. She began to cry. When he lunged forward and tried to scream at the warlord, Bethel suddenly felt hands of steel hold him back, and when he tried incoherently to plead with the warlord he found he could only give gasps. He frantically twisted in the hands that gripped him. Lodestok glanced across at the struggling boy, the cruel smile twisting his lips.
"You will not enjoy her again, boy. No man will. You shall see, little flower, how I deal with women."
The warlord bent his head and raised his knife. He didn't see Sarssen swing the boy round to face him, still holding him in a strong grasp. The warrior made sure Bethel couldn't see. But Bethel heard.
~~~
Sarssen very gently carried Sasqua to his pavilion. She'd stopped screaming. Her hands were up to her face. She trembled with pain and shock. Sarssen laid her gently on his bed and let her head fall onto the cushions. He poured out a goblet of wine that he liberally dosed with quineth and orlos, then went to sit beside Sasqua, put her hands round the goblet and guided it to her mouth. He lifted her with care so she could lean on his shoulder, aware any jarring would harm her. Sasqua shrank from him.
"I will not harm you, child," he said calmly. "Drink, it will help deaden the pain."
She obeyed, though tears dripped into the wine. While she drank, the warrior quietly stroked her hand. He held her against him for a long time. When the weeping eased, Sarssen heard a faint whisper.
"I have pain. What has he done?" Sarssen found it difficult to meet the eyes of one so hurt and so young.
"He has cut you about badly, child, but you can count it a blessing you are still alive under the circumstances. I have done what I can for the meantime." Sasqua responded to the pressure that made her drain the goblet.
"I care for Beth," she murmured, turning up her tear-stained face to Sarssen's. He nodded understanding.
"Is the pain easier, child?" She nodded. "That is good. Why do you care so for him?"
"So gentle and unlike us, my lord. I do not think Beth could hurt anyone. He wanted me. He said so." Sarssen heaved a sigh.
"Yes child, I know, but it was ill-judged of you both."
Sasqua lay still in his arms, then asked in a breaking voice, "My lord, how badly am I hurt?"
"You are seriously cut, child, and badly need the services of a healer. That is why you will leave soon. You understand you cannot come back to this camp, child, do you not?" The warrior saw frightened comprehension in the pale eyes. "The warlord will execute you, girl, you must believe that."
Sarssen made her drink another goblet of drugged wine, before he wrapped her in a voluminous black cloak and pulled the hood firmly over her flaxen head. The warrior skirted the main camp with Sasqua in his arms, a process that took them over an hour. The girl shivered but made no sound. Sarssen finally reached a well-travelled trail and here he laid Sasqua on the ground, telling her to stay quiet. He took a few paces forward and waited a moment.
"Jane," he called softly. "Jane."
A thickset man emerged from behind a thicket. He led a horse.
"Good man," said Sarssen thankfully, a hand going to Jane's shoulder. "As you see, this was necessary. The girl is badly savaged so can only ride sidesaddle. You will have to go slowly, my friend, because she bleeds despite what I have tried to do. You cannot risk going to the city either, Jane, because they will shoot first and ask questions later - apart from that, it is too far. You will have to leave her a distance away, but on the guard circuit, so I do not expect you back before earlysun at the soonest. We can only hope the child is found and rescued some time in the very early morning."
Sasqua was carefully lifted to the saddle. A whimper escaped her as she sat. Her face was white, her lips bloodless. She sat motionless. Sarssen spoke gently.
"Jane will take you to the outskirts of the nearest Cartokian city, child, where we must leave you to fend for yourself." He handed her a pouch. "Hide that," he advised, watching as she clumsily slid it under the cloak. "There is enough money there to help you for your first cycles in a new world. I regret we can do no more for you, child. Do you understand why you have to go?"
"Yes, my lord," she whispered brokenly.
"Then the gods guide you, child, to those who can help and care for you." Sarssen turned to Jane. "On your way, Jane."
He didn't move until he saw Jane and the girl disappear into darkness. Then he swung on his heel and strode quickly back to his pavilion, his mind full of anxiety for Bethel.
~~~
When Sarssen carried Sasqua from the warlord's pavilion, Bethel sank to the ground with his head in his hands. All spirit was drained from him. He still felt choked and put a hand to the torc that was no longer there. He watched, without feeling, while Lodestok fastidiously cleaned his knife and sheathed it. He was only dimly aware the warlord now lounged on the bed, his eyes slits that glinted with the familiar feral ferocity.
"Approach me, my lovely young slave," came the soft voice.
As if in a trance, Bethel rose. He crossed the pavilion to stand by the edge of the bed and stared down at the giant who indolently lounged there. Standing motionless, he felt deeply sick. He swallowed with an effort then saw blood stains on the furs and fury, such as he'd never experienced, shook him. Had his knife belt been on him Bethel knew he would have attacked the warlord and died for it. The fury passed in seconds. It was followed by a sense of paralyzing impotence. Deep nausea took him again and he knew that he trembled, partly from shock, but also from terror of what the warlord would now do to him. He couldn't speak. The colour was leached from his face, leaving it blanched.
"Now, my little flower, you will come to me for a lesson you will remember until the day you die." Lodestok bared his teeth and raised a hand that snaked out to grasp Bethel's wrist. "Perhaps you thought you knew what I could do to you, petal. I would not have thought you so foolish. You will know never again to move beyond your station in life as my obedient, undeniably pretty and responsive little slave."
The sardonic voice was much too quiet and gentle. The mouth that opened, showed a snarl. Like a whipped and cowed dog Bethel cringed before the hand roughly yanked him so hard he fell next to the warlord.


CHAPTER FIFTY-THREE

Bethel's young warrior friends looked for him in vain early the next morning. Just before dawn Sarssen went about his business with such grimness no one dared approach him, not even Jaden who, of course, knew of the boy's lapse from grace and greeted it with some amusement and relief. He expected at any time to see the boy hauled from the pavilion to be hung from a cross. He waited with anticipation.
The talk of Bethel’s fall from grace was a talking point round the camp, knowledge of it leaking to warriors very quickly and senior warriors well aware what the warlord’s reaction would be. Bensar made a pithy comment that no one disagreed with. They’d seen Sarssen on rare occasions where he, too, as the warlord’s boy had fallen foul of Lodestok and barely escaped with his life. They held out less hope for Bethel. He was no Churchik.
Sarssen was tired from trying to cope with the aftermath of Bethel’s indiscretion, and, though Sasqua was his immediate priority, worry for Bethel gnawed at the back of his mind. He felt Lodestok’s vicious probe into Bethel’s mind and was aware the boy’s mental defences barely held because he was nearly spent after hours at his master’s hands. After Lodestok left the distraught mind, Sarssen just managed to mentally buoy Bethel at the same moment as he sensed the catlin’s presence, there, with him.
So now Sarssen stalked the camp. Bethel’s mind was closed. Sarssen sensed the instant it closed and was startled and profoundly concerned at this new and unexpected surge of talent. He expected Jane to return soon. Sarssen continued to prowl. He saw Jaden and didn’t miss the amused look in the healer’s eyes. His own gleamed, but not with pleasure. He sought Manas and asked him to again search the camp perimeter, the younger man more than willing.
It was he who found Bethel on the easternmost perimeter. Bethel was crouched, barefoot and clad only in torn breeches, a knife running idly through his fingers, his head bent and his hair, wildly matted and tangled, almost touching the ground. Manas’ relief at finding him was palpable. He’d hunted for his friend for some time. In seconds he was beside Bethel and down on one knee. He saw the knife.
"Beth! Beth! It is Manas. I have been looking for you."
When there was no response, Manas gently put a hand down to Bethel’s, closed firmly on the knife and forced open the rigid fingers so the knife fell to the ground. Manas pocketed it. He saw where the knife had drawn blood across Bethel’s fingers, it was so sharp.
"Beth," he whispered again. He pushed back the curtain of dark hair. "The gods!" he gasped, rocking back shocked. "What has he done to you?"
With quiet words and support, he urged Bethel to his feet. The younger man was an automaton. He saw no one. His face was expressionless. Manas protectively put an arm round him, in a most uncharacteristic way for a Churchik, and guided Bethel very slowly, as fast as he dared, to the nearest mess. Bethel’s limp was dragging. There, ignoring the comments Bethel’s appearance evoked, as well as the surprise in some voices that the boy was still alive, Manas got a tankard of badran. He’d sat Bethel, who stayed motionless. Now, crouched, Manas held the tankard to his friend’s mouth.
"Drink for me, Beth."
He swept back the long hair. As he did, the warriors present saw the boy’s face. It bled with cuts and already showed bruising. The lips were swollen and bloody. Bethel obediently tried to drink but winced at the vessel at his mouth. Urged, he tried again. The third time saw him swallow. Manas got most of the contents down, then spoke softly.
"Stay here, Beth."
He was gone on the words. Bethel bent his head on his arms. His upper body was as battered as his face. No one approached him. The mess was suddenly very quiet.
Manas ran to Sarssen’s pavilion as fast as he could, but the camp was vast and he had some distance to cover. He saw the warlord and briefly changed direction. He didn't waste time. He pushed roughly past anyone in his path, leapt over a dog that came forward to greet him, and had to dodge a chariot being driven smartly in his direction, Manas and the driver swearing at each other. He didn’t find the warrior. Breathless, he burst into Bethel's pavilion where he found Jane, the man agitated and wandering up and down, distress in his eyes when they met Manas’. His eyes anxiously scanned the younger man when he saw Manas’ expression.
"Is he alive?" Manas nodded.
"He’s alive in body," he answered curtly. "Have you seen Tempkar Sarssen?"
"He was here a few minutes ago. Where’s Beth?"
"Right across the other side of the camp. Gods know how he got there. He is in an eastern warrior mess. I managed to get some badran down him."
"What’s happened to him?" Jane frowned. "How badly is he hurt?"
"He is extremely battered. I have not known the warlord to touch Beth's face before, have you?"
"No," whispered Jane.
"It is not that I am most worried about." Manas' voice was oddly grim for such a jovial young man. Since Manas took life very much as he found it, this made Jane's anxiety increase.
"And?" he demanded.
"He is hurt inside in some way, as if he has lost will." Jane saw Manas look around and wander restlessly to the pavilion entrance.
"Can you get Beth back here?" he asked.
"I need to find the tempkar first. Then I will bring Beth."
Manas found Sarssen coming from the warlord’s command pavilion, his face remarkably grim. He beckoned Manas.
"Have you found him?"
"Yes, my lord." Manas bent his head. "He is alive." He reached into his pocket and pulling out the knife, held it out to Sarssen. The warrior took it expressionlessly. He knew it was Bethel’s.
"Can Bethel walk?" Manas lifted his head and nodded. "Can you get him to his pavilion?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Then do it. He has much to thank you for, Manas."
~~~
It took Manas time to get Bethel moving because the younger man stumbled and swayed, barely aware where he was or that he was walking. He didn’t utter a sound. His very silence worried Manas the most. As had others, he’d become used to seeing the Samar thrashed by the warlord, sometimes in public. He’d seen Gariok beat the young musician often enough, too, the bard’s foul temper legendary. Like himself, with Lotos, Manas took the few hidings, as did Bethel. But this was different.
Manas finally sighted the pavilion with relief and ushered Bethel into it. Jane was beside him as they eased Bethel into a chair. Jane looked across at Manas.
"You’re a good friend to Beth. He’s lucky to know you, Manas." Manas shrugged.
"He is my friend. I know he never meant to hurt Sasqua - Beth is no Churchik." He stood. "I have to be with the troop, Jane."
"I’ll look after Beth." Manas nodded and left. Jane went to his knees beside Bethel. A hand gently swept back the hair, the older man’s eyes widening at the sight of the young face. "Oh, Beth child," he murmured. He crossed the pavilion, to return with a full goblet. "Drink, Beth. It’s Jane." Bethel lifted his head. His eyes were dark, but now showed sense.
"Jane, why did I not listen to you?" Bethel whispered in a breaking voice.
"Beth lad, you’re only a youngster. We all make mistakes and errors of judgment. You did what any young one would do." Jane’s eyes flickered to the cuts across the cheeks and mouth. "It’s what we call growing up."
"But I did not listen, Jane."
"No," agreed Jane sadly. "But don’t be so hard on yourself, child. You’re still very young."
"I hurt Sasqua, Jane, I hurt her. Oh the gods, his fury. Jane help me. How long must I go on being his slave?"
Jane got the goblet to the quivering mouth and Bethel drank in gulps. It was then Jane saw, to his consternation, that tears dripped between the fingers the boy now held over his face, and since Jane had never seen Bethel cry this disturbed him profoundly. He just stood, the goblet in his hands. While he stood indecisively, considering what to do, Sarssen strode in, his face still remarkably grim. His mouth was set in uncompromising lines as he discarded his gloves and whip. He stopped in the middle of the pavilion and looked across at Bethel.
"He will require a healer and a bath. Bring them in twenty minutes. Leave us, Jane!" The words thrown at Jane were punctuated by a sharp nod of dismissal that Jane followed with alacrity. Sarssen didn't move.
"I am more like to beat you, you young fool," he growled. Bethel didn't respond. "You are in the presence of a senior warrior, boy! Get to your feet when you are addressed."
The command was peremptory. Bethel, inured to cycles of compliance, heard the curt voice cut through his misery. The order was snapped out so sharply Bethel's trained instinct to obey took over, he lifted his head, stumbled and tried to stand erect and steady, hands behind his back.
"Get wine!"
As Bethel limped painfully and slowly across the ground to find goblets and a skin of wine, Sarssen sat and watched him through narrowed eyes. The warrior thought he'd never seen the boy so savagely knocked about. He knew exactly what was done to Bethel, because he'd suffered it himself, but he also recognised that sympathy wasn't going to help the boy now. When Bethel straightened with two full goblets, the warrior spoke coolly.
"Bring the quineth." Bethel hesitated.
"I do not want -."
"I am not interested in what you want, boy, my concern is with what you need," interrupted Sarssen, lounging back in his chair. He watched while Bethel still hesitated, brushing at the tears in his eyes. "If I give you an order, I expect it to be obeyed. Do as I say."
Bethel turned back to pick up the bottle of quineth that Jane had thoughtfully placed in easy reach, and with that in hand, limped back to the warrior. Sarssen took his goblet, then put out his hand for Bethel's. He put his on the ground beside him so he could take the quineth bottle, casually unstoppered it and tipped a large measure into Bethel's wine.
"Sit and drink it," he ordered, putting the goblet into Bethel's trembling hands. He waited and watched. "Drink!" he repeated. After a long pause, Sarssen spoke quietly. "You have had a torrid time by the look of you," he commented, observing the shiver that shook Bethel. "You will need a healer, boy, and not just for your face either." Bethel tried to clear his throat.
"I thought I knew what he -." Bethel broke off.
"Foolish of you," chided Sarssen calmly. "Drink again, boy, but this time more deeply." He sipped his wine while he watched the young face. "Neither you nor I know what the warlord is capable of, boy, though you now should have an idea what he can do to any who profoundly anger him." Sarssen just watched Bethel, who, aware of the scrutiny, bent his head slave-fashion. "You are a mess, are you not?" There was no answer. "The warlord has not spared you." Bethel shook his head.
"I thought I would die."
"You probably very nearly did."
"I tried to." Bethel coughed. "He would not let me."
"Did the warlord give you hane?"
"No," whispered Bethel. "Nothing."
He missed the fleeting flare of pity that crossed the warrior’s face because Sarssen realised Lodestok intended his slave to hurt. The warlord had frightening rages but clearly, this time, he’d taken to Bethel in a fury. Bethel began to sob. Normally, the warrior blighted emotional outbursts, but this time he left the boy alone. Sobs shook Bethel for quite a few minutes, then he picked up his goblet and gulped from it.
"Jealousy is a very powerful emotion, boy," said Sarssen quietly, as if Bethel's outburst hadn't happened. "You aroused a slumbering demon. It was most unwise."
"Who would be jealous?" asked Bethel, lifting his head in surprise.
"The warlord owns you, boy. I think, in the heat of your passion, you forgot that. For you to show affection, desire, or any emotion to other than him, was ample reason as he saw it for him to treat you as he has. He was madly angered and jealous."
"I do not have affection for him," murmured Bethel. "Nor he any feeling for me. He shows no love. I am only his slave. How can he be jealous?" Sarssen sighed.
"You are missing the point, child, but that is not important now. What is done is over." Bethel was thoughtful.
"Did you -?" He flushed and left the question unspoken. Sarssen looked faintly amused.
"Yes I did," he admitted, "though I was a little older than you."
"Did the warlord know?"
"He found out, boy, as was to be expected."
"What did he do, my lord?"
"He was as savage and brutal to me as he has been to you, boy." Sarssen stared meditatively into his empty goblet. "Get more wine," he requested, holding out his goblet.
When Bethel returned it full, he asked shyly, "What did you do, my lord?"
"What you are thinking of doing also occurred to me, boy," the warrior responded bluntly. "What are you planning to use on yourself, a poison, or gut yourself with a knife?" Bethel flushed vividly. He watched Sarssen draw a knife from his pocket, recognised it and took it. "It will not do, boy." Bethel glanced at the warrior.
"What stopped you, my lord?"
Sarssen didn't reply immediately, his attention on the face in front of him. Bethel's shoulders no longer slumped, the lean bloodied face didn't look so haggard, and though anguish was still deep in the velvet eyes the warrior knew better than to try to deal with that. The warlord's chastisement was clearly thorough and vicious. Sarssen had no doubt it would take time for the boy to recover and realised Bethel would be permanently marked by what was done to him - in the same way, Sarssen acknowledged, as he himself was. He deliberately didn't look at Bethel as he answered.
"Who stopped me, boy, who. It was Morjah who stopped me." Bethel's head jerked up.
"I did not know," he whispered, his hand going out involuntarily.
"I am quite aware of that, boy. Do not distress yourself more than you already are."
"Now I know why -."
"You know nothing at all," was the acid comment that cut Bethel short. Bethel's hand dropped. "You are merely a very foolish and impulsive boy. Again you have brought pain to someone else. Will you never learn?" Sarssen's voice was harsh. He got to his feet, to stride up and down impatiently. Finally, he came to a halt beside Bethel's chair and stood staring down at him, whiteness about lips drawn in a tight, hard line. "Gods, boy," he said quietly, "I should beat you to a standstill. Jane warned you, did he not?"
Bethel may have been nearly sixteen cycles and a hopeful warrior, but he was no match for Sarssen. He'd seen the warrior dispense discipline in just such a ruthless fashion over many cycles and was the recipient enough times to acknowledge the threat as very real. He sat motionless, wisely staying silent. There was a long pause, while Sarssen paced before he turned.
"She is not dead, boy," he said, sitting again, long legs fully stretched out. He sighed as he saw a wavering smile touch trembling lips. “She is badly hurt, Beth, but she is very much alive."
"Where, my lord?"
"She has been taken well away from either you or the warlord, boy, because you are both a danger to her."
"Will she live, my lord?" The warrior saw eyes look intensely and apprehensively into his.
"Yes," he said gently. "She will live, boy." Bethel gave a shuddering sigh. Sarssen looked thoughtfully at him. "You took a very grave risk seeking out a haskar’s daughter."
"I did not, my lord! I swear to you I did not. Gods, I would not dare!"
"Then you need to explain, child. Did you, or did you not, seek Sasqua?"
"Not to begin with," whispered Bethel.
"From the beginning," instructed Sarssen, his eyes narrowed as he heard the halting voice and saw eyes every so often swamped with tears.
As the warrior listened, he felt deepening compassion. He thought the warlord would have clearly understood how a boy, not yet sixteen cycles, would react after pudha. Sarssen knew a non-Churchik boy, forced to publicly perform for his first sexual experience with a girl from another culture, would be deeply humiliated. It would be as traumatic for Bethel as his first days with Lodestok.
That a boy of Bethel’s age would also helplessly succumb to the very gentle, but determined, seduction of a girl trained for pudha, past her initiation of eletom, and readied for marri, was so inevitable it made Sarssen inwardly sigh. Someone as inexperienced and vulnerable as Bethel had no chance. That Sasqua led and encouraged the seduction didn’t surprise him. Churchik girls were highly sensual creatures. After the warlord, Sarssen reflected grimly, a girl like Sasqua would be a truly fulfilling experience for Bethel. Again he thought the warlord hadn’t shown his usual insight. Then his thoughts veered away from uncomfortable recollections of a younger self in a similar situation. He noticed Bethel was quiet.
"My lord," Bethel began with some difficulty, "what am I to do?" Sarssen's eyebrows rose.
"You will do as you usually do, to the best of your rather battered ability, boy. What else? Doubtless the healer will manage to cope with some of the worst aspects of your hurts but I do not expect you will achieve a great deal today." He looked distastefully at the haphazard way Bethel was dressed. "You were in haste when you rose, were you not?"
"I did not care," muttered Bethel.
"Maybe not, but I do," was the curt rejoinder. "You will return to the warlord this evening, as is your custom." Sarssen watched as the boy got restlessly to his feet and twisted his hands together.
"I cannot, my lord."
"You can, boy, and you will."
"I did not think you would be so cruel, my lord. I cannot bear it anymore, I cannot!"
Bethel turned away. Sarssen came right up to Bethel and took his shoulders in a firm grasp. The shake he gave the boy wasn't rough or unkind.
"You must be as you were, boy. It is what will save your skin." Bethel shook his head. "Listen to me, boy," said the warrior, curbing exasperation. "Have you forgotten so much? His anger is spent. You will find if you do not enrage him, he will be as he was. Also, the quineth will help. I understand your fear, Beth, more than you might realise, but you must have courage and return to face him. You have shown courage all the cycles I have known you, boy. Do not let yourself down now."
Sarssen released Bethel and left the pavilion. Bethel stood where he was for a long time, staring at nothing.
~~~
When Sarssen answered the warlord's summons, he found Lodestok at a table with papers and maps scattered about. He wore a brooding look that Sarssen duly noted.
"You sent for me, my lord?" The warlord looked up, the odd glint still in his icy eyes.
"The girl?"
"She has been dealt with, my lord."
"Permanently?"
"Quite permanently, my lord. You will not see her again."
"Excellent." The warlord snapped a pen he'd been using. "And the boy?"
"Deeply shaken and very hurt, my lord. He is with a healer." Lodestok gave something like a snarl, and since his look up at Sarssen was a glare, the warrior deliberately let his eyes casually lapse from contact with such threatening ones.
"Do you criticize the way I choose to treat my slave?"
"No, my lord. The boy foolishly angered you."
"We shall see how well he learns, shall we not? I would not wish him to repeat the mistake of angering me in such a way again."
"I think it highly unlikely he will, my lord."
"Were his affections engaged?" Sarssen watched the warlord's hands clench and unclench.
"Not at all, my lord," he replied easily. "It was merely a silly boy's fling. I suggest initiation went to his head, and, as he found the experience novel, he wished to repeat it a few times. Had the girl not kept reappearing to entice him the affair would never have developed." Sarssen was aware of the hard look he received and added blandly, "He is still only very young, my lord."
"So you think the boy was not emotionally involved in any way?" Lodestok asked harshly. Sarssen didn't blink.
"No, my lord. He will have forgotten her by the end of the week."
"I shall make sure he has," was the cold comment. "I shall remind him, in the subtlest way, that a warrior's slave remembers only his experiences with his master, be they pleasurable or otherwise." There was a distinct note of savagery to the deep voice.
"Is there anything else you wish me to do, my lord?"
"No."
"Then I beg to be excused, my lord." Sarssen bowed and began to back.
"Have you given him quineth?"
"Yes, my lord."
"That should make this evening and tomorrow interesting then, should it not?"
"Yes, my lord."
Fortunately, Sarssen was far enough away for the warlord to miss the shadow that crossed the warrior's face.
That evening, Bethel stood hesitantly at the entrance to the warlord's pavilion. His eyes were still black rather than purple. He had the trace of a limp and he was very pale and drawn, an unnatural pallor about his cheeks. Lodestok looked up from where he lounged in a chair in his typical pose.
"Enter, petal, and serve. As you see, I am waiting."
The warlord watched lazily as the youth set about his duties, seeing servility in everything Bethel did and in how he moved, the dark head bent. The boy avoided all eye contact. That Bethel was drugged with quineth showed in the languid movements that were usually so graceful, in the slurring of words at times when the boy spoke, and in hands that fumbled when he served his master.
The warlord noticed Bethel didn't eat the food he placed in front of himself and that the boy struggled with the estibe, finally setting it to one side. He sat cross-legged, subdued and in silence. With surprising forbearance, Lodestok neither taunted the boy nor reviled him. He ate in solitary silence, read, ordered the boy to join him in a game of cards that was a one-sided affair, then told Bethel to prepare to retire.
In the early hours of the morning, the warlord woke to a sound beside him. Irritably, he turned to see what it was, but then, surprised, he suddenly realised it was Bethel he could hear.
"Boy!" he growled. "Boy!"
When he got no response, Lodestok stretched across the still figure to fumble with the lantern and began to swear while he waited for the light to brighten. When it did, he looked down at Bethel. The boy was in the grip of the drug and lay flat on his back, unable to move, this reaction to quineth normal. What wasn't, was the boy’s condition. From Bethel's head to his feet the young body glistened with sweat, even the boy's hair damp, and the noise that wakened the warlord was Bethel moaning even though he was deeply asleep. He shivered and tremors shook him, on and off.
The warlord stared down for a long moment. Then he quietly groped for a cloth to dry the boy with, carefully and gently rubbed Bethel from his hair to his feet in an effort to soak up the wetness, and waited quietly until the moans eased. They did when the warlord ran his hands backwards and forwards over the damp hair.
"Quiet, boy," murmured Lodestok. "Hush."
Lifting the boy into his arms and making sure they were both adequately covered, the warlord pulled the boy close in an attempt to stop the shivering that still shook Bethel so badly his teeth chattered. Lodestok cradled the limp form, Bethel's head rested on one arm.
"Hush, boy," he repeated. "Hush, Bethel. All will be well. Sleep, child, sleep quietly."
A huge hand gently stroked the white cheeks as if that gesture could eliminate the cuts the warlord's rings had made. The sweating and shivering finally stopped. It took a long time. The warlord’s eyes stayed fixed on the young face. He remained awake until the boy slept restfully, and only then did Lodestok allow himself to sleep, still protectively curled about Bethel, the boy held in strong arms.


CHAPTER FIFTY-FOUR

Sasqua was left propped against a tree, wracked by a ride that was at times agonising. She acknowledged, with gratitude, Jane's effort to help her, sipping at the flask of drugged wine he offered her every so often. Then she'd feel the pain deaden and relaxed as best she could. She let Jane stroke her hand, or her hair, finding the gesture oddly comforting.
Jane wrapped Sarssen's cloak tightly round her. Over that, he placed a heavy fur that he tucked up to her chin, the hood of the cloak drawn round her face to keep out the worst of the cold. Jane gave Sasqua a second flask and then knelt beside her, his hand to her cheek.
"Blessings on you, child," he said quietly. "Know you brought brief, but deep, happiness to a boy who's known little joy in his life for the last five cycles. I saw the light in his eyes, girl. I know what you gave him, something he’ll cherish all his life." He brushed away tears from her chin. "Sip from the flask, child, until a healer can help you. I hope you find peace, Sasqua. Gods watch over you as I'll watch over the Beth you care for so much."
Jane bent forward. He kissed the damp cheek and felt her grip tighten on his hand.
Terror, pain, shock and drugged wine combined to make Sasqua fall deeply asleep. She woke to find someone bent over her. She screamed. The head jerked back and when her eyes cleared of exhaustion, she saw she looked directly into a pair of kindly, brown eyes.
"Now then, what have we got here?" said a deep voice, as the figure beside her rose. He looked consideringly at her and when he spoke, he sounded slightly aggrieved. "There's no need to scream, girl, I won't hurt you."
Sasqua understood a little of what he said. She hadn't come across northerners as others had done. She'd been secluded, as all Churchik girls were, only travelling with the army because girls aged from seven to sixteen cycles were included for the needs of male initiation. So Sasqua learned some limited northern speech, understood the next words and could converse reasonably.
"Can you stand?" She shook her head. "What's wrong with you then?" When she made no reply, the face above her frowned a little.
She heard the man call to someone in the distance, while he stood back from her and apparently waited. Within minutes he was joined by two men, one of them leading a horse. Early morning guards, Sasqua thought, wearily closing her eyes. One of the newer arrivals came closer to look at her and then spat at her feet.
"She's a cursed Churchik. Look at her face and that blond hair. You can't miss it." The man with the horse peered down at her but the one who found her spoke abruptly and with decided authority.
"Whatever she is, there's something damned strange about this. Adde, lift her and put her on the horse. She’s scarcely more than a child. She can't just be left here."
"Why not?" growled Adde, stooping reluctantly. "Why can't she walk with us to the city?"
He roughly shoved his hands under Sasqua preparatory to lifting her, but when Sasqua's face blanched and she gave a sharp agonised cry, Adde dropped her hurriedly and withdrew his hands. The first man strode forward and grasped Adde's hands.
"What's that?" he demanded.
"What's what?" asked Adde irritably. "I never touched her!"
"Look at your hands," he was directed. When Adde did, he stared incredulously at his senior.
"I didn't -."
"Of course you didn't, you fool," cut in his senior. "Can you see now why she can't move? If blood's soaked through her clothes, this girl's lost a lot." He bent and looked uneasily at Sasqua. She'd closed her eyes again, but opened them when she heard him speak. "What's your name, girl?" She blinked at him. "Do you have a name? I'm Mist."
"Sasqua," she whispered faintly. "Daughter of Kalchok." Mist bent his head closer to catch her words.
"Where are you from?"
"The Churchik camp."
"There!" exclaimed Adde indignantly. "She's a spy!"
"I doubt it," Mist said drily.
"They'd hurt someone enough for us to take them in," said the third man.
"Not as badly as this child's hurt, Rowen. Don't be complete fools. She's lost so much blood she may well die before we can get any help for her." Mist knelt beside Sasqua. He took one of her limp hands in his, his brown eyes scanning her white face, a look of compassion and concern on his own. He spoke very gently and slowly. "I realise you can't ride, child, so I'm going to carry you to the city to someone who can help you. It'll be a long walk, but that can't be helped."
Mist slid one arm under her and another went behind her shoulders. As he lifted her, Sasqua gave a faint moan and her head fell forward.
~~~
When Sasqua opened her eyes a second time, she saw a small slight man with oddly light-coloured eyes sitting next to her. He held her hand. She tiredly turned her head to see where she was, realising when she turned again that the man looked at her with a kindly light in his eyes.
"Where am I?" she whispered hoarsely.
"Sython, child, the third seat of the Cartokians." She gripped convulsively at his hand.
"How badly hurt am I?"
The healer smiled at her with understanding, but she saw, too, the glint of pity in his eyes. She went to speak. A hand on her cheek quietened her.
"You'll heal child, be sure of that."
"I cannot feel anything now," she murmured, disengaging her hand.
"No, child, you won't. You were given quineth laced with southern orlos, weren't you?"
"I think that is what Tempkar Sarssen gave me. I cannot remember." Sasqua missed the questioning look that came to the healer's face.
"No matter, my dear. All that, with what I've given you, will help you to feel no pain at all."
"What have you done to me?"
"I've stitched you, child, and the cuts are dressed."
"Will I get well?"
"Assuredly, child. But now you must sleep because you've lost a lot of blood."
"I feel tired," came the thread of a voice.
"You'll sleep," the healer said gently, touching her forehead with a firm hand. Her eyes closed and her clenched hand relaxed. The healer stood watching her for long moments, his lips pursed in thought.
~~~
Later that day, the healer walked purposefully in search of the Strategos who he knew had been in conference all day with the Cartokian ruler's senior military leaders. Kaleb soon became disoriented in the palace corridors. He stopped with a sigh. A page boy saw him and went to one knee.
"Respected healer," he piped. "Can I help you?"
"Yes, lad," said Kaleb gratefully. "I'm lost yet again. I seek the Strategos. Can you direct me to him?"
"I can take you to him," beamed the boy. "He's enjoying refreshment after long talks. Would you care to follow?"
Kaleb followed the boy, who wound round corridors and up stairs without thought, to pause eventually at a small stateroom where men stood in groups, their heads bent in earnest discussion. In a knot of senior army officers and topping them all was Sarehl, flanked by Sache and Kalor. Dalmin and Arth, he noticed, were caught up with another group further away. The pageboy bowed with a delightful and irrepressible grin to the healer before he darted away. Kaleb entered the room unobtrusively.
He helped himself to a goblet of wine and then lounged to where, when Sarehl lifted his head, his friend would see him. At that moment the Strategos did look up, black weary eyes meeting clear healer ones. Sarehl immediately excused himself with tact and a smile as he skilfully drew the hapless Kalor and Sache forward to replace him, before he limped unhurriedly across to Kaleb, concern on the blackly bearded face.
Kaleb watched him approach, appreciative of just how far Sarehl had come in his recovery. Though the man tired after a hard day, the healer realised the Strategos crammed into his day what most men would achieve in two to three days. Sarehl drove himself hard.
He'd already managed to persuade the Ustomi, after only being in Mythos for little more than a season, to withdraw from his cities and to strip from his land anything that could be of use to a steadily massing army that slowly gathered further south. This gathering army, led by Ensore, and comprising a large ethnic mix from south and central Ambros, would soon meet with the Cartokians on their western border. Sarehl had come south to Sython to speak with local senior Cartokian commanders. Sython would be the first Cartokian city to fall to the warlord.
Sarehl had fleshed out but was still, Kaleb considered, too thin, and worked purely on nervous energy. The limp was noticeably less dragging, and nearly five cycles on from Ortok the scar was a thin, faint, white line down the sensitive face. Where the sword sliced Sarehl's mouth was scarcely discernible, and the only sign of the scar below the cheek was where Sarehl's beard grew more sparsely and was coarser. The rest of the long black beard was silky, like the curly hair Sarehl always wore tied with a riband at the nape of the neck, Samar-fashion.
Sarehl's eyes were keen and his mind alert, he moved with grace and confidence, and possessed a diplomacy and charm that won him friends and admirers wherever he went. Kaleb sent regular reports to Ensore, sure the Chamah-Elect would be delighted to see Sarehl now. Sarehl glanced down at the healer.
"It must be serious for you to seek me out, Kaleb," he said. "It's not one of my brothers, is it?"
"No, nothing of that sort. And no, I don't think it's serious. More interesting, from your point of view." A smile came to tired dark eyes.
"That's a pleasing thought," Sarehl murmured. Kaleb drank thoughtfully.
"Been a hard day, my friend?"
"Every day is," responded Sarehl, scratching absently at his chin. "There's so much to do and so many people to organise. This must be done so the Cartokians are ready to meld in with our army in an orderly and easy manner."
"You've achieved an extraordinary amount up to this point, Sarehl, so I'm sure this'll go as you'd wish." Sarehl chuckled.
"Oh, aye, we can but hope."
"How long have we got before Ensore gets the army to the stage of meeting with the Cartokians?"
"That, Kaleb, is what we're currently discussing. The Cartokians seem to think, many of them, they've nothing to fear and have a lot of time, especially here in Sython. It's difficult for them to grasp the speed with which the warlord moves. He's gutted Lenten and isn't wasting time. All too soon Lodestok will leave the remains of the Samar Confederation. Fortunately the Ustomi's a man of action and he's already begun the main retreat as you know."
"Have you finished for the day?"
"Not quite, my friend, so tell me the interesting news." Sarehl crossed to a chair and sank thankfully into it. He looked ruefully at the healer.
"Are you in pain, Sarehl?"
"Aye, your help this evening would be appreciated," came the quiet, resigned reply. "Standing long hours isn’t easy. My hip troubles me."
"Aye," nodded Kaleb. "I can see it does. Anyway, Sarehl, what I've come to tell you concerns a young girl who's just been brought into the city. She's been deliberately mutilated with a knife. Oddly, I think, she was brought close to the city where she was left so guards doing the early wide sweep would find her."
"And?" Kaleb noticed Sarehl's face hardened.
"Aye, my friend, I know, I won't go into details. The thing is, Sarehl, though she was only conscious for a short time I sensed things immediately. She's from the Churchik camp. She is quite young. She is pregnant, though in the very earliest stage. These are interesting things in themselves, but what I picked up most strongly in her mind was Bethel."
"Are you sure?" asked Sarehl incredulously, his dark eyes alight with disbelief and curiosity.
"Not entirely," admitted Kaleb, rubbing his eye. "Still, if it's true, you should know."
"I'll have to speak with her," murmured Sarehl. "When can I see her?"
"It won't be for a day or two, so you needn't fret. She's very badly hurt, so I wish to keep her resting."
"Aye, I know your ways," agreed Sarehl, yawning. "Will she live?"
"We can hope so, but she'll only be able to bear the one child. That'll be a feat in itself."
"I see." Sarehl got to his feet. "It's a peculiar thing about Bethel though, isn't it? I wouldn't have thought Lodestok would let a girl near Bethel -." He broke off as the horrid reality of his train of thought struck him. "You don't think that the girl and he -. No, surely not? No man would be so brutish as to punish a girl for -." Sarehl fell silent. Kaleb looked up into the face above him.
"A particular warlord would, wouldn't he?"
Sarehl whispered, "And if that's so, what would he do to Bethel?" Kaleb spoke bracingly.
"Well, we don't know and so far we're guessing. The girl may know Bethel, but not in the way you're thinking. Since he was such a lovely boy he'll be a very handsome youth and probably attracts many Churchik girls." The healer saw the look in Sarehl's eyes. "There's no point in distressing yourself over what you can't possibly know, Sarehl. At least we may soon have confirmation Bethel's still alive."
~~~
Sarehl spoke with Sasqua several days later, rather than as soon as the healer hoped because she developed a fever. It left her further weakened and disinclined to communicate with anyone. She fretted and wept. Kaleb tried to calm her fears, but admitted wryly one evening to Sarehl that he wasn't succeeding very well. This morning though, Kaleb sent a message to Sarehl inviting him to come and meet Sasqua. When the healer saw Sarehl approach down the corridor he hastened to meet him.
"You're well come, my friend," he greeted him. Sarehl looked questioningly at the healer.
"Is she worse?" Kaleb shrugged helplessly.
"She weeps and is incoherent. She's frightened of me. I don't wish to invade her privacy by touching her mind so perhaps she'll be happier to speak with you. She heals, as you'd expect. It was a savage and cruel attack." Kaleb led Sarehl off the main corridor into a narrower and longer hall. He stopped and leaned in front of Sarehl to unlatch a door. "Please don't discuss her injuries," the healer urged, as Sarehl entered the room.
Though it was a servant's room, it was tidy and well furnished, with a view from the casement window that overlooked a small courtyard, and beyond that to the rolling park. The whitewashed walls were draped with tapestried hangings. Curtains hung at the window and were also pulled around a bed. Kaleb walked quietly over to the bed and drew the curtains back. Wearily, Sasqua turned her head to look steadily at Sarehl who stood alongside Kaleb, a slightly puzzled expression in her eyes.
"Who are you?" she asked in a tired voice. "Should I know you?"
Kaleb noticed her apparent belief she'd seen Sarehl before. That suggested her link with Bethel was a close one, because all the brothers were alike. Sarehl smiled down at the strained face.
"My name's Sarehl, but you may call me by my title if that would make you feel more comfortable." His voice and manner were pleasant and entirely unthreatening.
"What is your title?"
"Strategos.” She seemed to consider this.
"My lord Strategos?"
"If you wish."
Sasqua looked crossly at Kaleb. "Why do you not go away? You keep making me drink things that make me sleep. I do not like that." Sarehl didn't dare meet Kaleb's eyes.
"Do you know," he said with admirable control, "he did exactly the same with me for weeks."
"Then you make him go," came the pettish answer.
"Do go, that's a good fellow," suggested Sarehl, with only the faintest tremor in his voice. Kaleb’s eyes shone appreciatively.
"I'll be back in a short while, Strategos," he promised.
Sarehl sat quietly on the edge of the bed, letting Sasqua toss uncomfortably and sigh several times then he offered to rearrange her cushions, a suggestion which found immediate favour. As he settled her back, Sasqua looked up at him with the hint of a smile.
"I thank you," she said in a quiet voice. "You are all kind to me," she went on, with a sideways glance at Sarehl. "Even the healer is kind to me. Why are you so, to someone who is your enemy?"
Sarehl struggled with the guttural accent that made the halting Samar difficult to understand, but knew with time it would become easier to comprehend. He had to concentrate carefully to make sure he didn't miss anything.
"You've not personally done me any harm, have you?" Sarehl took one of her hands in his. She thought of pulling back, then changed her mind and looked directly at him.
"No," she replied simply.
"Then why should I harm you?"
"We would hurt you if we could." Sarehl bit his lip against a retort that they already had. He compromised.
"That must make us different from you."
"From him," she burst out, beginning to cry.
Sarehl waited for a moment and then, as her sobbing abated, he asked very gently, "Who?" Sasqua gestured down at herself. "The man who hurt you, do you mean?" She nodded and sniffed.
"He wanted to kill me. I know he did."
"You must've made him very angry," commented Sarehl, chafing her hand.
"I did not mean to anger him," was the response, not quite a sulky one.
"I imagine not, Sasqua," agreed Sarehl. "Not if he was going to hurt you so much."
"I hate him," she answered, with venom in her voice. "I wish I had killed him!"
"Too late now," Sarehl said, in a regretful tone. Sasqua looked up at him and saw that again he smiled down at her. She considered him, a questioning expression back on her white face.
"Are you laughing at me?" she demanded. Sarehl nodded and his smile broadened.
"Do you mind very much?"
"I like it," she confided simply.
"We teased each other where I come from. We used to laugh a great deal."
"You must have been happy," was the wistful comment. Sarehl's smile went awry.
"Yes, we were."
"My mating smiles as you do," Sasqua told Sarehl after a thoughtful pause. She added, "It lights up his face." Tears came again, accompanied by wrenching sobs. "Will he have killed him?"
"I can't tell you that, child, because I don't know who he is. Nor do I know what you both seem to have done, or to whom."
"My lord it is," came the muffled voice from the cushions. "He hurt me." Sarehl sat still and waited. "Why did he let him come to me for pudha then?"
"Again, child, I can't help you. What on Ambros is pudha?"
"It is the initiation for a boy to become a man. Do you not have that here?" Sasqua lifted her head from the cushions and looked at Sarehl in disbelief.
"I'm not from here, Sasqua. I'm from central Ambros, and no, we don't have that sort of ceremony at a specific age - not in that way." Sarehl leaned over and began to wipe the tears away from the pale cheeks. "Can you tell me what your people do?" Sasqua gave another sniff.
"I am fifteen cycles. When a girl reaches that age, she is allowed to be put to a new warrior or to a boy become man at initiation. We call it pudha."
"And how old is a boy when he is initiated?"
"Sixteen cycles before he undergoes the rituals and the maturation. Sometimes he can be a little younger if he is considered ready, like my mating, but he is unusual."
"And when does he become a warrior?"
"At seventeen cycles he must enter trials and succeed."
"I see. So what does this my lord you speak of, have to do with pudha?"
"Everything," was the comprehensive reply.
Sarehl didn't speak for a moment, then he suggested quietly, "Why did your `my lord' come to you for pudha?" Sasqua stared up at him.
"My lord did not come for pudha!" she exclaimed. "He is much too old and has been a warrior for cycles!"
"Of course, silly of me," murmured Sarehl, preserving his gravity. "I should've realised my lord would be older."
"It was his boy he sent to me."
"Ah," said Sarehl, still not sure where the conversation was going. "My lord sent his boy to you for pudha. That makes sense, I suppose."
"His boy!" Sasqua insisted. "He is nearly sixteen cycles."
"I suppose he'd have to be, yes. You said a boy was sixteen cycles when he came to pudha."
"At pudha a boy has to prove to everyone he is a man and can have a woman. I was chosen for his boy. I did not know then," she added viciously, "that he would try to kill me."
"If," persisted Sarehl gently, "my lord consented to the boy being at pudha, why did he then turn on you for doing what he told you to do?"
"Pudha was three weeks ago," Sasqua replied, rather defensively.
"So?" prompted Sarehl intrigued, but careful not to show any real apparent interest.
"I kept going back to him, you see," admitted Sasqua, blushing deeply. She added desperately, "Usually it is only for the mating over initiation and then a girl must remain chaste until she is chosen for a formal mate. But I came to care for him. He hated pudha, with them watching and laughing."
"Watching and laughing?" repeated Sarehl blankly.
"To make sure he was really a man," explained Sasqua impatiently. "You know!"
"Yes quite," responded Sarehl, making a quick recovery. "Well then, if he hated pudha so much -?" He left the question suspended.
"I went back to apologise for laughing at him. He was so very frightened of being touched, you see, but I wanted him to know I truly cared and that love can be gentle. He has not known love, my lord Strategos." Her voice broke and she bent her head in her hands.
"Then you did well by the young man, child. You should have no regrets for that."
Sarehl moved closer to Sasqua and put his arms round her. She turned into him and wept bitterly. Sarehl pushed damp hair from hot cheeks and stroked her head, as he'd done all those cycles ago with his brothers and sister.
Sasqua quietened and said in a subdued voice. "He liked it after that, my lord Strategos. He used to laugh with me. He even stopped pulling away, from fear of touch." She blew her nose and went on a little more defiantly. "He was always there and wanted me."
"I'm quite sure he did, child." She nestled into Sarehl's arms and rested her head on his chest.
"I am thought to be pretty," she said tiredly.
"So, little Sasqua, why did your `my lord' become so angry at your loving his boy?"
"He belongs to my lord," came the weary explanation.
"Well," reasoned Sarehl, "why did loving my lord's son upset his father?"
"Not his father," corrected Sasqua on a sigh. "His master." Sarehl's lips tightened as he realised what the girl meant.
"You mean the boy who came to you belonged to a warrior lord?" The sexual proclivity of southern warriors wasn't something Sarehl could easily come to terms with, but he kept his voice neutral.
"Yes, the warlord sent him."
Sarehl sat quite still in shocked and stunned silence as the implication of Sasqua's words dawned. His mind reeled at the thought of his brother being old enough to be initiated, but even more at the thought of the ceremony Bethel was forced to undergo. Sasqua was unaware of the stiffening arms around her, or of the prolonged silence. Sarehl's throat felt constricted. He was incapable of uttering a word. He had a queer sensation he was choking.
Sasqua said into the quietness, "Manas says Beth has had such a hard life, even for a Churchik. Manas is my father's brother's son, you see, and he is companion and guard to Beth. When I heard I was chosen for Beth, I wanted to help him. Only the warlord would hurt Beth: few others would, because he is so gentle and so very unlike our people." Had Sasqua looked up, she would have seen quivering nostrils and lips drawn so tight they were white. Fortunately, she didn't. "Beth is not a Churchik," prattled on the voice below Sarehl. "He is a northman, as you say you are, my lord Strategos. He is dark like you, too, but has big purple eyes. Gariok says he is a very gifted musician."
"Gariok?" Sarehl managed to croak, coughing to clear the constriction in his throat.
"He is the warlord's bard." Sarehl automatically began to stroke the hair under his hand, barely trusting himself to speak.
"So Beth's a musician, is he?"
"Yes, the warlord says he has never heard the estibe played as Beth plays it. No one has. He had a beautiful voice too. Gariok trains him to be a bard."
"And you were punished for being with Beth after pudha?"
"Yes," came the faint voice. "We were happy, but Beth belongs to the warlord, not to me. He is the warlord's -."
"I'm sure you did the young man nothing but good, child, and that he'll remember you with affection." Sarehl eased Sasqua back on to the cushions and rose, calling out to Kaleb as he did so. "We'll speak again when you're stronger."
"You remind me very much of him," Sasqua said, behind him. "It is not that you are both so dark and tall either. Your smiles are the same too and you seem as gentle as he is. He is so unusual," came out on a sigh. "And courageous too, Manas says. Beth is to be made a warrior soon. That is if the warlord has not killed him for loving me." Sasqua began to sob again.
Sarehl reached the door as the healer opened it. Kaleb took one look up at him. He quickly entered the room, pushed Sasqua gently on to the cushions, and then, firmly touching her forehead, made sure she was covered before he left the room.
Sarehl walked blindly into the passage and leaned weakly on the wall, his mind in chaos. He didn't later recall how he reached his rooms, nor could he remember drinking anything. He was oblivious to all but Bethel's current situation and to his renewed anguish and guilt he could do nothing to help the boy who'd looked to him as a father.
It took several days for Sarehl to come to terms with the news of his brother, his dark eyes immeasurably sad but increasingly resigned.
~~~
Sarehl watched Kaleb who sat in a chair opposite, the healer with a book open in his lap that he was obviously engrossed in, though he looked up when he heard a faint sigh. Sarehl knew it was time for him to change, yet again, for another state function. The healer somnolently yawned and stretched as he rose and went over to the mullioned window, to look out in the gathering dusk over ordered gardens that stretched to woodland far distant. Sarehl, rose, hesitated, then crossed the room.
"I accept what you say about Bethel, Kaleb."
Sarehl's voice was soft, and, since it came from directly behind the healer, Kaleb turned to grip the hand held out to him. He gave Sarehl a gentle push. Sarehl sat in the chair Kaleb had rested on, only to find he sat on a book. He lifted the book and raised an eyebrow as he placed the book on the bed.
"`History of the Southern Continent: Rise of the Vaksh'?" he said in astonishment. "Who are the Vaksh?"
"Lodestok's a Vaksh," explained Kaleb.
"Ah." Sarehl sat again and hauled on breeches before fishing under the bed for his boots. He began to tug them on. "What," he mused, "is the distinction between a Vaksh and a Churchik?"
"That's what I'm trying to find out," responded Kaleb, throwing an elaborately embroidered shirt in Sarehl's direction. Sarehl finished with his boots and rose. "Sasqua's spoken of Bethel being made a Churchik warrior and I wanted to know what that entailed. Later, she said the boy wears the Vaksh signs, and there I got confused." Kaleb refrained from telling Sarehl that Bethel also had a Vaksh word sprawled in very deep cuts across his lower abdomen.
"What are the signs of the Vaksh?" Sarehl picked up the shirt and quickly threw it over his head.
"According to this very old book - do be careful of it, Sarehl, I had to wring blood to be allowed that, - there are several Vaksh rituals, most of them associated with fatherhood. The others are of ownership. Those are what we should be looking at."
"Ownership of what?" asked Sarehl, as he tied a sash round his waist and pinned it with a singularly beautiful brooch.
"Of the body. The Churchik seem to have adopted many ancient rituals, some from the Kerulen but mostly from the Vaksh, even though they defeated those same people." Kaleb took the book from the bed and began leafing through it. He paused at a page and held the book out to Sarehl. "You read it for yourself. I think I've got the gist of it." Sarehl quickly scanned the page then snapped the book shut, his lips tightening.
"It sounds barbaric to me," he said sharply.
"Yes," agreed Kaleb, on a sigh. "I don't dispute that. Sasqua tells me -."
"Are you telling me," interrupted Sarehl with a flash of anger in his eyes, "Bethel's been marked with these signs?"
Kaleb answered mildly, "It sounds from what the girl says, that's so, Sarehl."
"Gods!" uttered Sarehl, his hand going to his scar.
"Lodestok, I gather, certainly until not long ago, marked newly-made warriors as he's marked himself, with a cut that indicated their warrior status. That's not new and goes back to days before Lodestok became warlord. All slaves are personally marked too."
"Which is the jagged cut we read of, on the left side of the face for warriors?" Sarehl looked intently at the healer while Kaleb was speaking.
"That would be my reading of the Vaksh warrior cut, yes," replied Kaleb, wishing he could turn the conversation. Sarehl was being very persistent.
"Has Bethel got any cut?"
"Sarehl, I'm not entirely sure of anything."
"Tell me!" Sarehl's voice was unusually fierce. "For the gods, I need to know! It's been not knowing that's been so hard." Kaleb sighed.
"Sarehl, what I've gleaned is this. Bethel won't have the warrior cut because he’s not reached that stage, though from what the girl says Bethel's close to it, probably in another season or two. It seems your brother does all things Churchik at a somewhat younger age than usual, something that tells us a great deal about his intelligence. What Sasqua says about marks is that Bethel has a very faint cut down the right side of his face, near the hairline. That is now a universally recognised symbol for a Churchik slave. Each warrior lord has his own angle or shape cut, so that a slave's instantly recognisable. That, I think, is a charming novelty of the warlord's, but I may be wrong.
The use of slave marks is very old in southern tradition. It seems, from what I glean from that book, southern peoples fought for cycles and enslaved one another, so, the slave marks of which I speak, have their origins in Nuur culture. They were then adopted by first the Kerulen, followed by the Vaksh and then lastly by the Churchik when they swallowed up everybody else. Bethel wears Lodestok's distinctive facial slave cut.
The oldest traditional mark of slavery in the south, however, was another mark altogether. Again that can be highly individual. An owner's mark was clear evidence of ownership." Kaleb gave an uncharacteristic shiver. "According to that book, the mark used to go on a slave's buttock, but when I suggested that casually to Sasqua, she shook her head."
"So where is it put now?" asked Sarehl quietly.
"Until the slave face cut was introduced by the warlord seven cycles ago, the only slave marking was done by branding. Some slaves probably have both marks, because I believe the branding went on until only a cycle or so ago. Facial slave cuts are now more popular."
"Branding?" repeated Sarehl, looking rather pale. "On the buttock?"
"Not easy enough to see," was Kaleb's brutal response. "No, Lodestok ordered all slaves be branded on the tongue - those brands are unique for ownership as well. You wouldn't escape easily, would you?" Sarehl sat down and looked bleakly at the healer.
"Why the tongue?"
"Effective way to break someone, Sarehl, and to control them. You'd remember who you belonged to every time you opened your mouth, wouldn't you?" Sarehl nodded his head slowly.
"Barbarous," he murmured almost to himself. "And very clever."
"Now it's soon Bethel's turn to be a warrior," said Kaleb, sitting on the edge of the bed and yawning.
"So he’ll get a second cut on his face?"
Kaleb heard the note of anguish and said hastily, "No, I think not. Sometimes it's a trifle difficult to understand Sasqua, but it appears that certain aspects of becoming a warrior have changed in the last few cycles. There's a young Churchik who befriends and guards Bethel. He answers to Manas." Kaleb saw Sarehl slowly nod. "I may have this wrong, but I think Manas is in some way related to Sasqua." Again Sarehl nodded. "It seems he spoke with her a great deal and on the subject of pending warriorhood was quite loquacious.
He and Bethel will go for warriorhood together. They will both be branded before they become warriors. Once," went on Kaleb pensively, "the Vaksh way of acknowledging a boy maturing to a warrior was to brand each cheek." The healer saw Sarehl go perfectly white and hurriedly added, "But now the warlord contents himself with seeing the boys branded on the inside of the wrists. It is in preference to the face cut of cycles ago. Lodestok has the warrior face cut himself, Sasqua tells me. So has Sarssen, who is a younger warrior connected with the warlord and Bethel. That Sarssen, so much younger than the warlord, has that cut suggests this wrist branding, instead of facial marking, is quite new. As you can imagine, the latter's extremely painful and makes the would-be warriors have a harder struggle while they compete."
”They compete after branding?" asked Sarehl incredulously.
"If Sasqua's to be believed, aye." Sarehl had a long inner struggle, before he felt in control enough to speak again.
"And Bethel?" He gave a deep shiver.
"He's marked in the two ways as the warlord's slave, on the face and in the mouth. Lute will certainly be branded on the tongue too. Lute's slave mark will be general, I guess, rather than specific, since he wasn't taken directly by a warrior lord." When Sarehl made no comment, the healer added very gently, "Bethel was probably marked as soon as Lodestok decided to keep him. That was a long time ago. Bethel probably scarcely remembers that traumatic time and his recollection of Ortok will be slowly fading. He was forced into an alien culture to survive and has been part of it for nearly five cycles, nor is he any longer a young boy. None of us know what he's like."
"A boy surrounded by cruelty and brutality would be desensitised by now," commented Sarehl, wrenching sadness to his voice. "How else could he survive?"
"I don't know," said the healer thoughtfully. "That's not what I get from Sasqua. The boy's not brutish by any means. In fact, quite the opposite. The impression I get, perhaps erroneously but I don't think so, is that your little brother seems to be something of a novelty still to the Churchik. They don't seem able to grasp what makes him tick."
"No," agreed Sarehl suddenly, looking up. "The girl told me he's very gentle and plays some musical instrument the southerners have. She also mentioned the warlord's bard as being involved with the boy, so that suggests, doesn't it, that there's still much of my sweet, gentle brother the warlord hasn't been able to touch?"
"I told you once, Sarehl, that I thought your little brother had remarkable courage. I say that again. He's an extraordinary boy." Kaleb rubbed his beard. "The warrior who saved Sasqua is also somehow connected with Bethel, Sarehl, but in what way I'm not sure. This older man's a friend of the boy's, and possibly a closer one than others might guess." Sarehl put up a restraining hand.
"Not another man the boy has? Spare me that!"
"No," said Kaleb, on a sudden irrepressible grin. "No, not in that way at all. Quite the reverse. Bethel has no physical relationship with any man other than Lodestok, you can be assured of that. This other man, by name, Sarssen, befriends the boy as he befriended Sasqua. It sounds as if he may well be a mentor to Bethel, and from all accounts, Bethel admires and respects him enormously. He sounds a humane and caring man. You can be thankful, I suspect, that this Sarssen has an eye to Bethel. He certainly trains the boy." The healer watched Sarehl rise.
"I see," replied Sarehl, now deeply thoughtful. "I'm glad the boy has a friend to whom he can turn." He fell silent and stood still, staring at nothing in particular. "We can only hope Bethel's still alive after this latest incident."
"I'm sure he is, Sarehl, but it won't be difficult to find out." Kaleb got a quick, keen glance from under thick, black eyelashes. "Warriors are to be made soon. We have people who can relay back to us whether there's one warrior considerably different from the others. Bethel will stand out among all the blonds if he's alive to take the oaths, and I'm sure in my own mind that he will be." Sarehl smiled down at the little healer affectionately.
"That comforts me," he answered. "You've never lied to give me false hope, have you?" Kaleb shook his head. "Sasqua calls him Beth."
"I noticed that too," murmured Kaleb.
"He was always called Little Beth as a child. It fits somehow." Sarehl moved over to his bed to look for a comb. He wrestled with a particularly aggressive knot and muttered when the comb became entangled. He asked disinterestedly, "You say Sasqua’s having a child?"
"Early days, Sarehl, very early days."
"Whose child is it? Sarssen's?"
Kaleb was busy shaking out Sarehl's cloak but he stopped at the question, turned, and looked across at his friend. Sarehl wasn't looking at the healer because he swept his hair back and confined it with a riband.
"You look very elegant, Strategos," Kaleb teased.
"Well and good," answered Sarehl, looking up with a smile. "If you're given gifts as often as I am, however much you say you don't want them, then you should manage every so often to look elegant. Just think, Kaleb, I seem to have a large slice of the Lenten treasury and the Cartokians refuse to take no for an answer as well. I don't wish to be wealthy, especially as such bountiful and generous gifts come from misery across Ambros." He sighed. "Answer me. To whom does the child belong?"
"Your little brother's going to be a father." There was a definite note of satisfaction in the healer's voice.
"What?" yelped Sarehl, a stunned expression in his eyes.
"You heard me," said Kaleb amused. He crossed the room and handed Sarehl the cloak. Sarehl flung it over his shoulders then stood still, a queer little smile hovering about his lips.
"So Sasqua was a maid, was she?" he asked, brushing a hand across suddenly moist eyes.
"She had to be, for pudha."
"I'll be damned," murmured Sarehl. He shook his head and his smile, though crooked, widened. "There's a dreadful irony for you, Kaleb, especially for Lodestok."
"Aye," agreed Kaleb. "One never knows what twists of fate await us, Sarehl. I believe this is only the first of many." He paused, then added, "And we need to move again very soon, don't we?"
"Yes. Lodestok marches hard and all continue to fall as he storms his way north. We have to rouse all northern people to come to the defence of Ambros because darkness threatens each and every one of us."
"We stand together or we fall."
Sarehl nodded as he moved to the door, before he turned back with a final comment.
"We can't fail, Kaleb. It's time to leave Cartok for Sushi. They have a highly trained and well equipped army so there's urgency for me to reach them and Lodestok's getting closer."
Kaleb made no reply. He simply watched the Strategos leave the room and after a few thoughtful moments followed him.

Ambrosian Chronicles
Third Age
11209

The warlord's army has just left the Samar Confederation, a country now devastated. Lodestok moves steadily north towards the Cartokian kingdom.
 
The warlord is powerful and poses very real danger to the balance of Ambros. It's imperative he be contained before the north falls as completely as most of the south and central Ambros.
 
The army that forms from among the vanquished continues to grow. The Chamah-Elect of Dahkilah is known as the Marshal, and the eldest Samar son, upon who so much depends, responds to the title of Strategos. The army now becomes a cohesive force.
 
The Strategos has persuaded the Cartokians to abandon all cities and to retreat, in the hope of meeting up with the Dahkilan and his army, west of Mythos. The retreat from southern Cartok, we hear, is complete. This had to be, because the warlord is very close to a Cartokian city situated at the outermost tip of the Ustomi's country. Sython will fall within a matter of days.
 
The Strategos is in northern Cartok. We believe he'll soon leave Mythos and move northwards again towards Sushi lands. We still have no knowledge of the whereabouts of the twin son, Luton. That we have been unable to trace him suggests the individual who has him also has power to ensure we no longer can. We actively seek Malekim.

*******



GLOSSARY.

Abek – Acedar to Kher
Abus – Unseen One of Shadowlanders
Acedar – fourth ranked warrior
Aceke – Mishtok
Adept – senior Conclave member
Alfar – mate of Melas
Alicia – mate of Sarehl
Alleghy – Elite Haskar
Ambros – inhabited world
Arth – Qaran
Asok – leader of the steppefolk/Sinhalien
Asqarn – Archmage of Yarilo Second Age
Autchek – Churchik seer/warrior
Autoc – Yarilan mage
Badran – southern ale
Barkashad – slave overseer
Beduar – fifth ranked warrior
Bene - Yarilan mage
Benhloriel – name contracted to Bene
Bensar – Elite Haskar/ Warlord’s Second in Command
Benth – Unseen One of Mages
Bethel – son of Alfar and Melas
Blach – southern sorcerer
Blenharm Forest – forest north of Ortok
Brue – son of Melas and Bruno
Bruno – second mate of Melas
Cardon – forester
Catlin – entity associated with mages and nymphs
Cartok – state north of Samar
Chamah – ruler of Dahkilah
Chika – premier southern slave trading city
Chlo – daughter of Sarehl
Chlorien – daughter of Melas also known as Myme Chlo
Chlorim – brother of Alfar
Chloronderiel – revered ancestor of the Shadowlanders/The Patriarch
Choice – Samar mating celebration
Churchik – martial southern race of warriors
Conclave – made up of Reader/Seeker healers
Correc – Vaksh/Churchik warrior
Crue – Unseen One of Wildwind Tribes
Cynthas – Ambrosian nymph/Bene’s mate
Cyrenic – mountain people led by Kalor
Dahkilah – central mountain Ambrosian state
Dalmin – Qaran
Daxel – known as Dase/twin son of Alfar and Melas
Demeth – slave and ex-lover of Lodestok
Dire – son of Unseen Ones Huma and Sympho
Disah – Gnosti
Dramas – dragon from Ice Isle
Druan – ancient civilized and advanced southern culture
Eilen – ancient dragon/mate to Estbane
Elbah – Sarssen’s mother/Yazd
Elbe – visitor to Ortok
Eli – Ensore’s brother
Elibera – capital of Dahkilah
Elite Haskar – top ranked Churchik warrior
Emil – Kher’s Acedar
Ensore – forester/Chamah-Elect
Estani – butterfly dragon
Estbane – ancient dragon
Estibe – ancient southern musical instrument
Faradhi – people from southwest Ambros
Gariok – Warlord’s bard/Dominik
Goldlas – Ice Crystal dragon
Gnosti – little people of the northwest
Grengol – ancient dragon
Guardians of Ambros – the Rox
Han – Kher’s Acedar
Harth – dragon
Haskar – senior Churchik warrior second to the Elite
Hasuran – Asok’s formal title
Ice Crystal – rare dragon
Ice Isle – dragon home
Jaden – Reader/Seeker Post-Level Three
Jaim – Gnosti/son of Disah
Jane – slave pikeman
Kaleb - Healer/Reader-Seeker
Kalor – Cyrenic
Karek – name given to Luton on the slave caravan
Kerulen – southern race
Kher – Elite Haskar/Warlord’s Third in Command
Lachir Keep – in the deep south of Ambros
Lban – Ortokian
Lais – Unseen One of the Gnosti
Laras – Autoc’s partner
Lektos – The Rox responsible for Yarilan mages
Lenten – northernmost Samar city-state
Leon – Adept of the Conclave
Lian – son of Bruno
Lilium – world of the Rox
Linho – southern steppefolk
Lodestok – Warlord/Saratquan
Lokar – Post-Level Four Reader/Seeker
Lus – Acedar to Kher
Luton – known as Lute/twin son of Melas and Alfar
Mahdia – central Ambrosian state
Malekim – mage from Yarilo
Manas – Churchik boy
Marl – Unseen Ones of dragons
Marshal – Ensore as head of the northern army
Mashhad – southern state
Melas – daughter of Cynthas and Bene/mate of Alfar and Bruno
Mellilla – central state
Minac – Unseen One of the Conclave
Misa – Unseen One of the southern steppefolk
Mishtok – Head of the Conclave of Reader/Seekers
Mist – Cartokian guard
Monseignore – title for the Mishtok
Morjar – name of healer in Warlord’s slave train
Morsh – also known as Morjar/ Adept of the Conclave
Myar – small Samar city-state
Mylasca – adoptive mother of Melas
Myme Chlo – daughter of Melas/also known as Chlorien
Nakron – Duke of Sushi
Norsham – Samar city-state
Nuur – southern people
Obli – Unseen One
Ohb – Blach’s henchman
Ongwin – Dahkilan soldier/statesman
Onscre – Malekim’s mother
Orlos – painkiller and energy elixir
Qara – central mountain state
Queeb – Blach’s henchman
Quineth – stimulant
Reader/Seeker – member of the Conclave
Reverence – the Mishtok
Rox – Guardians of Ambros and Yarilo
Saad – fey folk of the southwest
Sache – Dahkilan
Sadekak – Sindabaran town
Samar – large Confederation of Central city-states
Saratquan – warrior lord of southern city-state
Sarehl – eldest son of Melas and Alfar/Strategos
Saren – Adoptive father of Melas
Saren – Sarehl’s son
Sarssen – Third ranked warrior - Tempkar/Churchik/Yazd
Sasqua – Churchik/Bethel’s mate
Scholar – mage
Seignore – Adept of the Conclave
Setoni – Adept of the Conclave
Shahdan – Bene’s mother
Shek – Churchik warrior
Siar – small Samar city-state
Sinhalien – southern steppefolk
Sophos – Guardian Rox
Soryn – Archmage
Steppefolk – Sinhalien
Strategos – Sarehl
Sushi – large northern Duchy
Sympho – Unseen Ones of the Rox
Sython – third city of the Cartokians
Taki – capital of Sushi
Tealo – looked after Brue
Tempkar – Third ranked warrior
Tsinan – steppefolk southeast
Ustomi – ruler of Cartok
Vaksh – southern people
Valshika – Lodestok’s premier southern city-state
Warlord – Lodestok
Warrior – lowest sixth ranked warrior class
Yarilo – mage world
Yazd – fey southerners


With a range of characters rivalling "War and Peace, "The Ambrosian Chronicles" is a unique fantasy saga of epic proportions. Set in the world of Ambros, the story follows the fortunes of one family of gifted individuals, caught up in the struggle to save their world from a force of evil, bent on revenge for events in the far past. Will Ambros survive the conflict? The answer may be found in the seven volumes of the "Ambrosian Chronicles", all written by Katy Winter and published by The Furhaven Press. Available as e-books from your favourite e-book on-line booksellers.

The books making up the saga are:

Book One: Warlord
Book Two: Children of Ambros
Book Three: Circling Birds of Prey
Book Four: The Dawn of Balance
Book Five: Light Dancing on Shadows
Book Six: Quenching the Flames
Book Seven: Metamorphosis


Ver 2.1
0315

