
THE AMBROSIAN CHRONICLES
BOOK TWO


CHILDREN OF AMBROS


by

KATY WINTER


Published by The Furhaven Press.
Smashwords Edition

Copyright: Katy Winter 2013
All Rights Reserved


ISBN 978-0-473-25592-3


Some explanatory lists to aid the reader.

The Churchik warrior hierarchy:

Warlord - has overlordship of all ranks. Below him, in order of seniority are:
Elite Haskars (some were on the Warlord's Council)
Haskars
Tempkars
Acedars
Beduars
Warriors who are the lowest ranked.

The Unseen Ones and their chosen species:

Abus - Shadowlanders
Benth - Mages of Yarilo
Crue - Wildwind Desert tribesmen
Huma - Rox
Lais - Gnosti
Marl - Dragons on Ice Isle
Minac - Conclave of Reader/Seekers
Misa - Sinhalien of the southern steppes
Obli - Dryads and nymphs from the north of Ambros
Sympho - Rox

The Conclave of Reader/Seekers:

Headed by the Mishtok (Aceke)
Adepts - Setoni, Leon and Morsh (aka Morjar).

The Family of Melas and Alfar of Ortok:

Bethel (aka Beth)
Brue - son of Melas and Bruno
Myme Chlo (aka Chlorien) - daughter of Melas and Elbe
Sarehl the eldest son
Twins Daxel (aka Dase) and Luton (aka Lute)


The Dahkilan Family:

Ensore - Chamah (ruler) of the state of Dahkilah, Marshal of the United Forces of the North.
Eli - younger brother of Ensore (sets up the Intelligence network of the northern forces.)
Kasan - sister of Eli and Ensore.

Characters known by more than one name or title:

Autoc - aka Scholar/Schol ' - Father' to Chlorien, and Master Mage of Yarilo
Bene - aka Benhloriel/Burelkin - Archmage of Yarilo
Bethel - aka Beth
Blach - aka Sorcerer of the Keep
Choja - aka Sophysun
Chojoh - aka the Sophy
Daxel - answers to Dase
Ensore - aka the Marshal, also the Chamah, ruler of Dahkilah
Foresters - aka as Sache, Dalmin, Arth, Kalor, Ensore.
Indariol - aka Aelkin of the Shadowlands
Kalor - a Cyrenic aka as the Domon
Luton - answers to Lute
Malekim - aka Elbe - Master Mage of Yarilo
Myme Chlo - answers to Chlorien
Sarehl - aka Strategos

Also see the Glossary at the end of the book.


PROLOGUE

Ambros is a world where the balance, critical to its survival, has become increasingly threatened by a rogue mage, called Malekim, and an ambitious, ruthless Warlord, called Lodestok. The Warlord controls an army of Churchik warriors. They conquer the south and central Ambros, then move through the Dahkilan mountains to subject the Samar Confederation. The major Samar city-state is Ortok, a recognised centre of scholarship and the arts, now destroyed. Children from Ortok, greatchildren of an Archmage called Bene, are scattered and vulnerable, because it is they who are the instruments of balance.
Bethel is now, forcibly, part of the Churchik army and initiated to manhood in their society, with unexpected consequences. His next challenge, for an exacting warlord master, is Lodestok's intention to make his Samar slave a warrior, a feat never achieved by a non-Churchik. Bethel's instinctive talent helps him survive a life that's fraught and tenuous.
Luton's brutally enslaved in Ortok. He survives a virulent fever and a cruel slave caravan that heads south, through appalling conditions, to the premier Churchik slave city of Chika. He becomes a warrior's personal slave before he's found by the southern sorcerer. He's taken to the sorcerer's Keep, where his mind is altered to suit a future purpose. He becomes the sorcerer's apprentice.
Sarehl, savaged at Ortok, finally reaches sanctuary, where he slowly recovers from terrible injuries. He's befriended by the Chamah-Elect of Dahkilah, as well as healed by a senior member of the Conclave. Sarehl's recognised as having highly unusual abilities that enable him to overcome obstacles impossible for others, and they help him organise, then create, an opposition to the warlord. As an advocate for his cause, his skills are unmatched.
Myme Chlo, now known as Chlorien, is with the Scholar who rescued her from Ortok, the two fugitives as they make their way north, halfway across Ambros, to the sanctuary of the Shadowlands. The sorcerer's henchmen seek Chlorien for their master. Scholar's function is to protect, teach and guide Chlorien and help her understand, use and control her formidable talent.
Brue, the youngest brother, after several cycles as an orphan, is found and now travels with his eldest brother Sarehl.
Daxel, devastated by the loss of an identical twin, and tormented by Luton's sufferings, struggles to confront and live in a world that's unfamiliar and very frightening. His sense of identity is shattered. He and Sarehl find each other, and not only does the Chamah-Elect befriend Daxel, he also becomes his anchor and mentor.
The Conclave also struggles to re-establish itself after near destruction and has an unexpected connection with a Churchik warrior.
Malekim seeks chaos. Ambros creeps closer to that by the day.


THIRD AGE: THE BEGINNING

A quotation from Ochleos Rox, Guardian on Lilium, to the Mages of Yarilo, and to the Conclave of Reader-Seekers on Ambros. Third Age 0207.
 
Through the struggles that have come and will come again, shall a balance be restored to Ambros. It must be understood. The Watchers and Guardians must be ever vigilant. Those to whom the balance is entrusted must fulfil their duty by ensuring it.
 
They must look for the child who's made a shadow and thus becomes a child of the dark. There'll be a child born of light and dark who'll of all kinds be made into one. The child will have power. Teach the child to use it wisely so that it doesn't become an instrument of chaos.
 
The paths of these children, and those touching them, will be very hard. They'll be torn between powers they can't comprehend. Watch for all the children who hold the balance of Ambros in their hands. In the binding, those of the dark and the light will unite to become one.
 
Only then will the balance be immutable and Ambros finally at peace. This wisdom is given to me to pass on to you. Take heed. Ignore it at your peril.


CHAPTER ONE

The children of Melas are scattered across Ambros, each child with an unknown gift they have to recognise to ensure their survival and that of the future of their world. They are apart and unable to help each other. While a sister entered a desert, one brother was in southern Ambros as a slave prisoner in a Keep. Another lived as a slave with a Warlord. Yet another travelled the north, to try to marshal help, from as yet untouched northern states, to confront this Warlord, and a fourth brother was now part of a formidable armed force that formed in the north of Ambros. The fifth brother, still only a small child, lived with the eldest brother and those who travelled with him.
~~~
Chlorien didn't like the onset of the desert. She constantly found sand in her food, the heat during the day was oppressive and the cold at night seeped into marrow bones. Already it was late autumn and no one needed to tell her a desert was an unfriendly environment in winter.
The storms that swept across the dunes made their lives hard and their trek extremely slow. Chlorien thought she spent a lot of time crouched in a small tent, mercilessly buffeted by winds, often for day after day. Sometimes the weather was so bad they wouldn't venture out unless it was essential. The two men had no desire to be lost and both privately wondered if their sense of direction, constantly needing to be reassessed as dunes changed daily, if not hourly, was to be trusted anymore.
On those days Chlorien knew she was expected to learn and was resigned to sitting, trapped by the wind and the sand, a tome open in her lap. When the weather cleared they moved again, but painfully slowly and not making the headway she'd become used to. Autoc wouldn't let her translate either, so she had to content herself with learning to use knives. Jaim taught her how to do this. Chlorien reflected that Jaim might be old, but he was wickedly accurate with throwing and catching knives. If he could do it, Chlorien told herself, then so could she.
Autoc knew they were pursued but there was little he could do about it, and he knew, too, that Chlorien was still faintly aware, because every so often she glanced behind her and a shiver caught her. Autoc knew the pursuers would experience the same difficulties so, as long as he and Chlorien kept reasonably in front, he wasn't especially worried. He also knew they'd meet members of the Wildwind desert tribesmen, sooner or later, because the real desert approached inexorably. He'd deal with that when it happened. So the days slowly passed.
~~~
Autoc wasn't sensing any presence this evening, but then, he wasn't either looking for or expecting any visitors. So it came as a mild surprise for him to find, as they sat eating, they were surrounded. Autoc sent a warning to Chlorien and sat very still. When she first glanced up, she gave a yelp of fright, but was now pale and quiet. Jaim showed no overt reaction; he merely lounged back more comfortably. Autoc noticed these men weren't their pursuers, wondered idly why he hadn't immediately registered their presence and thought, ruefully, his mind was preoccupied with other things.
Curiously, he looked up at the men who surrounded them and studied them, one by one. As far as he could see, in the fading light, they were quite tall and slim though well-muscled and sinewy, with long plaited queues that hung over their shoulders. Their hair looked light blonde, but their eyes were the harshest and deepest green Autoc had ever seen.
The men had tattoos at the hairline, ear-rings hung from pierced ears and they had gold studs in their nostrils; ornate necklaces and bracelets on throats and wrists matched the rings that were on every finger, even the thumbs. All were barefoot, every toe wore a ring and several anklets were on each foot. They wore talma, but instead of robes over them such as the travellers wore, these men wore loose tunics that hung almost to the knee. None of them looked either curious or friendly and each had a curved sword drawn and ready. Execution or retribution, Jaim thought intrigued, would be swift.
Autoc bent his head back to his food and ignored both the men and Chlorien, who'd completely lost her appetite, while Jaim ate in a thoughtful way, ponderously chewing his way through what was left on his plate. After several mouthfuls, Autoc raised his head, his very blue eyes staring intently into the eyes of each of the men who looked forbiddingly at him. As he did, there was an almost imperceptible shift of position and an inward hissing of breath from each man who caught his glance. One spoke, his voice harsh and the language he spoke nearly impossible to understand. It was southern guttural and not unlike Churchik, something that didn't escape either Autoc or Jaim. Autoc, however, seemed to have no difficulty with it.
"Who are you?" came the question. Autoc raised his hands to show he was unarmed.
"I'm Schol, with my son, Chlorien. The other is Jaim, the lad's uncle."
"Who are you?" was repeated.
"We're travellers."
"From where do you come, and where do you go?"
"We're from the Samar States, some distance east of here. We're going to Ice Isle."
"Why?"
Autoc didn't answer. He was intrigued the man even knew of Ice Isle at all. That was highly unusual, because few Ambrosians knew of it. Autoc stored that knowledge for future recall. The voice became a menacing growl.
"Answer me, if you value your lives." Still the mage didn't speak. He found a sword pushed under his chin and rested against his throat, the man's move carried out in fluid silence and with lethal rapidity. Jaim tensed. "You think to cross our lands? Nobody passes through the tribe lands of the Wildwind without an explanation."
"I can give you no further information. I don't wish to seem deliberately rude or disobliging." Autoc stayed still, his eyes meeting those of the man who held the sword at his throat.
"Maybe the boy can speak and enlighten us."
The man straightened, his head jerking in Chlorien's direction. Even as the sword was withdrawn from Autoc, Chlorien found herself hauled ungently to her feet, only to be held immobile by one of the other men. Autoc caught her terrified look and glanced at the man holding her captive; she was so restrained all she could do was move her eyes.
"Let go my son," Autoc said very quietly. "You're frightening him." The first man ignored the mage and merely turned to Chlorien, his eyes coldly assessing her.
"Why are you going to Ice Isle, boy?" Chlorien couldn't understand what the man said.
"Father?" she whispered, eyes big in a white face.
"He asks, child, why you're going to Ice Isle."
"What's that?" she asked, whimpering when the knife blade touched her throat.
Autoc rose. When he took a step forward, the circle of swords came very close to him. Chlorien's breath came in short gasps; the sword felt her every swallow. Autoc ignored all but Chlorien.
"He doesn't know, nor does the old man," he said very softly. "You'll have to find out from me and I'm not speaking."
The mage took four steps to reach Chlorien, and, once beside her, he calmly pushed the sword from her throat. His eyes met her captor's, so much menace in the mage's blue ones the tribesman faltered back a step. The arms encircling Chlorien dropped.
Autoc pulled Chlorien to him. He sat and held her protectively, his thoughts directed to her ones of reassurance. Chlorien shrank back into him, eyes wide with fright. The first speaker stood over Autoc and the boy.
"We're threatened on all sides. We let no one through our lands."
"We're all threatened," responded Autoc quietly. "There are those behind who pursue us and would harm us if they could."
"We could give you to them, could we?"
"Aye, you could," admitted Autoc, his hand stroking the dark curls. "They want my boy."
"Why?"
"They saw he's very pretty."
"For a boy harem, no doubt?" The tribesman made a gesture of disgust.
"No doubt."
"And you naturally wouldn't let that happen."
"Of course I won't."
"And you wish to cross our lands?"
"Yes."
"Could you go no other way?" The spokesman looked intently at the mage, watching as Autoc glanced briefly down at the boy before he looked up and shook his head. "You'll come with us while we decide whether to grant you permission or no."
"If that's your wish, we'll come. A desert such as you live in is no place to wander."
"It's our wish." Autoc caressed Chlorien's cheek.
"You won't harm my son?"
The speaker looked first at the mage, and then at the boy, Chlorien's scared look up at him bringing the faintest of smiles to the green eyes.
"We'll not harm the boy - or the old man."
Autoc caught Jaim's eye before he rose, pulling Chlorien to her feet and then assisting Jaim to his. They watched as the speaker, obviously the leader, turned and spoke to the other men. Six disappeared as if they'd never existed. The speaker stared hard at Autoc.
"They'll find out who your pursuers are and deter them for a short while."
"Thank you," said Autoc, with a crooked smile. Chlorien shrank back against him again when she saw herself being studied.
"That's a nervous boy," was the flat comment.
"Swords at his throat have that effect on him," agreed the mage drily. "We'll dismantle our -."
"No." A hand stopped Autoc from taking another step and the speaker pointed to the horses. "My men will bring all you own. Mount and follow!"


CHAPTER TWO

It was early autumn in Blenharm Forest. Mellow colours swept as far as the eye could see, leaves turning on trees, others fluttering randomly about tents that spread through the trees. Voices could be heard. Some were muted, others clearer, but all were busy because camp was soon to break and a steady march begin to take the northerners to the tip of the forest and beyond. There were sounds of children too. As Chlorien and the Scholar entered the desert, so Ensore, now known as the Marshal, was very close to the north-western reaches of the forest and a march that would take them into Cartokian land.
Ensore tiredly twirled his hand in his beard and Ongwin, just entering the tent, heard a sigh.
"What makes you sigh?" he asked. He stood quietly surveying the younger man.
"Sarehl. I miss him. So does Dase."
"I know you do. We all do, my lord. But look how he's been able to engineer the structure of the army and without him I believe future resistance to the warlord would account for little. His ability to persuade others to join our cause more than justifies his going north, my lord. And the way he has gone about the organisation and functioning of the army, almost single-handedly, is quite remarkable too."
"Aye."
"Have you heard from him again?"
"No. I've just got a long letter from Kaleb. He says all's well and we'd be delighted with how Sarehl is these days. It would be nice to see for ourselves, wouldn't it?" Ensore rubbed his chin. Ongwin heard the wistful note in the voice.
"Not long before we begin the haul that brings us ever closer." He was reflective. "We're nearer than ever, my lord." Ensore nodded, then smiled.
"Do you need me?"
"I was looking for young Dase."
"He's with Eli."
"I'll find him," promised Ongwin with a chuckle as he left the tent.
Ensore absently filled a tankard, then wandered outside to settle under a tree where he could more thoroughly peruse Kaleb's long letter, but instead left it lying in his lap while he thought how far the northern army had come. The Chamah-Elect was so preoccupied with the army, he'd had scant time to spend with Daxel, their moments in the evenings restful, the bond deep. It was Ongwin who cared for Daxel.
Ensore enjoyed Kaleb's letter. It gave him a clear picture of what happened up north and he decided that evening he'd write again to both Sarehl and Kaleb. He thought back to an incident with Daxel no one had discussed with his elder brother, nor had anyone any desire to either. Ensore was just profoundly thankful there'd been no recurrence, for Daxel's sake.
Ensore thought back, the occasion as vivid now as the day it happened. At the time, Daxel leaned on one elbow on a pallet in the campaign tent, tussling with a mathematical problem Ongwin set him, a tankard beside him that he sipped from every so often. He was broad shouldered even at this age, but still thin and well over six feet, his growth in three cycles astonishing. He was no longer a boy. He was strongly built like his father and as Sarehl was before injuries left him with a frailty similar to Luton's.
Eli and Ongwin were with Ensore, in the company of senior Dahkilan officers and other ethnic representatives, all militarily-minded men, seated round a makeshift table discussing spread out plans from Sarehl. There was a lot of animated talk. Daxel looked across at them lazily, the tankard to his mouth. Then he dropped it with a gasp. He screamed. Ensore and Eli turned as one, Ensore quickly down on his knees beside Daxel as the boy screamed again, hands to his head as he curled up, then pressed palms to his temples. His eyes were filled with sheer terror and pain.
"Get a healer!" yelled Ensore to Eli, who was gone on the words.
Ongwin knelt beside Ensore. They watched how Daxel tried to bury his head in his arms, howling now as he muttered incoherent words torn from him without his being aware of them. He convulsed. His eyes rolled back. He screamed again. He writhed. His limbs contorted. He was in concert with his twin who lay on a bed, in the Keep, as his new master dissected his mind slowly and deliberately. Daxel tried to push back Luton's anguish as his twin's mind was probed, analysed, and torn to shreds. He fought, with Luton, as together they endured Luton's experiences since Ortok, his agonies on the slave caravan and his desperate attempt to keep sane. Daxel could scarcely breathe. He felt the amused indifference and contempt from the mind that so callously and minutely delved into his twin's. Like Luton, he convulsed again. He howled till he was hoarse.
Then, barely conscious, he felt the powerful mind mentally fling him away with utter disdain, flicked aside like an insect, just as, at that instant, he sensed his twin engulf him, join fully with him, then submerge somewhere, Daxel taken with him. Luton completely faded from Daxel's mind. Daxel could no longer feel his twin. It was utterly alien and terrifying. It was as if someone amputated a vital part of what made Daxel sentient. That was too much. Daxel threw back his head and screamed.
"Lute!"
A healer hurried to his side and went down beside him. He lifted the limp head, saw the rolled back eyes, felt shudders rip through the thin frame and tried to force open clenched teeth.
"Help me," he said sharply.
Ongwin and Ensore had tried to hold Daxel as he flung himself about. Now they gripped him, Eli across to help. They immobilised the boy long enough for the healer to force the teeth apart and pour liquid steadily down a constricted throat. Daxel coughed, spluttered and choked. An inhaler up a nostril made his head rear back when the healer pushed the plunger hard and fast. It was repeated in the other nostril with the same effect.
Daxel very slowly uncurled, the wild eyes closed and the mouth opened. He moaned softly, gave a gasping sigh, then, without awareness, cried. Ensore just cradled him, talked gently and quietly, until Daxel simply fell back into the older man's arms and drifted into an uneasy doze. Eli and Ongwin, profoundly shaken, got to their feet and stood looking down. Others were shocked to silence. No one moved. The healer stayed kneeling by Daxel, a phial in one hand at the ready, the other holding the youngster's pulse. He watched Eli shepherd the men outside, Ongwin with them, before he turned to speak to Ensore.
"He'll quieten. I've given him a very heavy dose that'll last quite a while and keep him drowsy. I'd prefer, with your permission, to keep him sedated and I've placed a heavy block on his mind as well. All I can say, Marshal, is I suspect he was linked with his twin in some devastating mindmeld. It's nearly killed him."
~~~
Daxel couldn't see his elder brother, because the Strategos moved steadily northwards from the Cartokian kingdom to the Duchy of Sushi and further north again, while Daxel, with the northern army, was about to move towards Cartok with Ensore.
When Ensore saw Sarehl on his way, cycles before, the Chamah-Elect found he became so busy with trying to establish a military organisation, his time for anything else was gone. Ensore's correspondence to Sarehl mostly covered what he'd attempted to do from the time he left the Strategos in the forest. In early days, attempts to form an army under one control were frustrating and, finally, abortive. Group individuality was impossible to overcome. In the end, Ensore and Eli, ably seconded by Ongwin and the Chamah's surviving younger elite guard, organised all the Dakhilan men along the lines Sarehl suggested, so integrated units were formed with excellent communications. It took Ensore time to do this, because Dakhilans were spread throughout the huge forest and some were almost impossible to contact.
Once unified, however, the Dakhilans moved through the forest northwards with astonishing speed. It was noticed they consistently hurt the enemy flanks as they swept out in well organised raids as Sarehl suggested. Not only that, they garnered essential provisions as well. It made other groups in the forest thoughtful. They were the ones reluctant to consider a unified force; they straggled along behind. They lost men in small disorganised forays that the southerners dismissed with contempt.
These groups watched as Ensore's men harried Lodestok's flanks, mostly without casualties. Then, as they outpaced the southern army, these same Dakhilans manoeuvred themselves into superior positions while they waited for Lodestok's army to advance. The Dahkilan always had the element of surprise, their attacks catching the southerners unprepared every time.
After a season, group resistance in the forest dissolved. Leaders approached Ensore. He quietly accepted each band or group as it came and absorbed them into a growing army that emphasised discipline and unity. This army trained as rigorously as Lodestok's and, in time, would have the potential to be an equally formidable force. It was supported by men and women who had a reason to ensure this army succeeded, not one of those part of the northern army untouched by the actions of the warlord.
Only two seasons later, after stragglers were absorbed from throughout the forest, Ensore was automatically accepted as head of the combined army and known to all simply as Marshal. No one thought any more about it. He began setting up an intelligence network, following the advice Sarehl sent him on doing this. It proved its worth almost immediately.
Only Dakhilan were permitted in intelligence because they were fanatically devoted to Ensore. It wasn't deliberately thought out this way. It just happened. These men were the reason Lodestok's army suffered as much as it did. Not only were Ensore's men advised in advance and readied, but they knew who to aim for, size of opposition, who to disable and what supplies they could purloin. Eli ran the intelligence unit. It suited his mercurial temperament and he soon built a thorough network that consistently damaged and angered the warlord. Lodestok hadn't expected the bands in the forest to organise and certainly had no idea Eli's men carried out surveillance, day after day.
Ensore's army swallowed up all the refugees eventually, so by the time the army reached Lenten, it was several tens of thousands in number and covered every ethnic group from central and southern Ambros, other than Churchik and steppe people. The army was also considerably ahead of the warlord. Lodestok's army still skirted the huge Blenharm forest, and was still harassed, too, by groups that swept down repeatedly on southern army flanks. They moved as quickly as they could.
The Alders of Lenten listened to Sarehl and the other foresters about what awaited them. They didn't linger. They withdrew precipitately from the city, in as organised a fashion as they could, long before Ensore and his army arrived, so the Marshal found only a skeleton garrison left waiting to assist him, while all other citizens had withdrawn to camps set up some miles north. The Lentens were more than happy to be absorbed into the swelling army. The Alders offered whatever assistance they could. Their relief and pleasure at the sight of Ensore's approaching army was pathetic.
While the army rested and reprovisioned in and around Lenten, Ensore put Sarehl's plan for couriers into practice. While he left Ongwin and Eli to arrange the absorption of the small Lenten militia into the army, he organised youths into squads of mounted messengers.
It wouldn't be too long before Daxel, now quickly growing up, would be attached to one of the squads that careered about the forest and beyond, as the army stretched out and began its northward move. Ensore knew these young couriers would, in time, prove vital in getting information from one troop to another, especially during combat. It was a rapid and efficient form of communication. Before then, there was none.
Ensore's letters constantly asked for advice. They were also instrumental in letting Sarehl know how much of his programme had been followed, and what remained to be implemented to make the army fully integrated and operational. By the time Lodestok's army swept on Lenten, they found little other than the physical structure of the town left intact. In fury, the warlord ordered it fired. The fields offered no sustenance for the southern army, because all that could be harvested was taken by Ensore's army, his train laden with huge bags of grain.
There was game in the adjacent eastern forest, but nowhere near enough to sustain Lodestok's huge army. The forest was only small and much of it was immediately cut down by the southerners who needed wood for warmth and cooking. Fish from the rivers was plentiful, but again there was only enough for the elite warriors; no one else enjoyed such fare. There were no slaves to be had and no spoils of war for the men.
It was two cycles since Ensore and Sarehl went their separate ways, that saw the Marshal finally leave Blenharm forest and the northern army begin the long haul north towards the Cartokian kingdom.


CHAPTER THREE

The Churchik youths aspiring to warriorhood were in front of Bensar, and while they were rigidly still in the saddle, noise and movement from everywhere around them was loud. A very long obstacle course was set up by sweating slaves, a horse jumping and display area cleared by chivvied, tired slaves and areas for archery and other trial sites organised. In a day, competition for warriorhood would begin.
Bensar stared at each young man in turn. They could have been statues. His voice was like ice.
"You will assemble just after dawn. Before then be sure you are ready to compete. You will have no time to do this later, so be warned. Your weapons should be in order and your horse immaculately prepared. See that your slaves ensure it. You do not socialise until after the trials. Do you understand?"
Heads nodded. Bethel thought very few of those around him would be remotely interested in socialising with him. Some, he knew, hated what he represented and deeply resented his presence among them. To them he was merely a lowly slave from an inferior race who shouldn't be there and he was acutely conscious of personal hostility and enmity from those few.
Curtly dismissed, the youths rode from the training field. Bethel, already tired from a hectic day going from Sarssen to Gariok, not to mention being with his troop, knew he had little time before he was due to go to his master and sighed as he handed his stallion to his young slave, Mishak. He walked thoughtfully and slowly to his small pavilion, smiled at Jane absently as the older man left to organise weapons, and threw himself on the bed, eyes closing. He snoozed restlessly, tossed, then heard movement at the pavilion entrance and looked across to see Sarssen, wineskin in hand.
"Are you worn out, boy?"
"Yes, my lord," responded Bethel, immediately on his feet and trying to suppress a yawn. Sarssen came forward to look searchingly at the young face through fading light.
"You look exhausted, Bethel. Was it because of me, the troop, or Gariok?"
"Everyone, my lord," shrugged Bethel, crossing the pavilion to hunt for goblets.
"I have goblets ready in my pavilion," invited Sarssen. "I thought you may enjoy a quiet, relaxed drink before you go to your master. There is no rush. The warlord is in discussion with senior haskars, so I doubt he will be ready for you yet awhile."
Bethel looked up and across at the warrior and nodded tiredly, but also with a relieved grin as he followed Sarssen to his pavilion. He made no effort to speak. Sarssen held out the wineskin that Bethel used to fill goblets in readiness on the table, while the warrior crossed to a chair, sprawled his length in it and watched the younger man. Bethel took full goblets, handed one to Sarssen and sank onto the edge of the warrior's bed with an even deeper yawn.
"You feel ready for what comes, Bethel?"
"Mostly," responded Bethel in a flat voice.
"You will find tomorrow very hard."
"I know, my lord. You have prepared me. So has the warlord - thoroughly."
"At dawn, boy, come here to my pavilion. I will have something to sustain you through what comes."
"I thank you," murmured Bethel, taking a long drink.
"Have you checked your weapons and has Jane got them for safe-keeping?" Bethel nodded. "And who watches Brun?"
"Mishak, my lord. He is with Brun in his stall now."
"You refer to the boy slave?" Bethel nodded again. "Well and good, boy. I shall also keep a close watch on things."
"My lord," murmured Bethel gratefully.
"Drink, Beth, and relax back on the bed. If you drift off I will make sure you are with the warlord in good time."
~~~
Bethel woke before dawn as was his habit. He slipped like a wraith from the warlord's pavilion, the huge figure of Lodestok still sprawled out, deeply asleep. Bethel envied him. Pulling on only breeches and a shirt he went quickly to the warrior's pavilion where he found Sarssen, fully dressed, lying back on the bed rested against cushions, long fingers curled round a mug of hot mulled wine. Bethel thought, wistfully, that he looked comfortable and at ease. Sarssen's head turned when he heard movement at the entrance.
"You are allowed to eat and drink before early sun, Bethel, so -." Sarssen indicated a tray on a table at the far side of the pavilion. "Light the lanterns first so you can see more clearly. You are mostly in shadow." Automatically Bethel obeyed. Sarssen waited for the lanterns to brighten, then looked over at the still figure. "There is food there, boy, high in energy. I asked Banic to organise it. Eat your fill."
He watched Bethel take the tray, sink to the large piled rug in the centre of the pavilion, place the tray beside him and begin hungrily to eat.
"Would you like some of this, my lord?" Seeing Bethel about to rise, the warrior waved him back.
"No, boy, thank you. I shall eat again later. There is a jug of mulled wine to your left, with a mug for it. Help yourself."
Sarssen said and did nothing, even when Bethel, ever the slave, paused in his eating to rise and cross to the bed, with the jug of wine, to see if the warrior's mug was empty. Finally, replete, Bethel rose, padded across to a chair and stretched out, the mug at his mouth. The warrior was pleased to see that Bethel, after a long struggle against subservience, would now reluctantly occupy a chair, but only in Sarssen's pavilion where he knew it was expected and wouldn't bring instant retribution. Bethel drank slowly. The silence in the pavilion was restful.
It was only with Sarssen rising that Bethel knew time passed and he gave an infinitesimal sigh as he, too, rose. Sarssen shuttered the lanterns and as he did, Bethel turned to the pavilion entrance, to see light began to streak the sky. It meant the warrior trial would now begin.
Sarssen accompanied Bethel to the assembly area where each young man was attended by a male relative. Bethel noticed it was the warrior who acted for him and felt real gratitude at the gesture. Like others, he was clad only in breeches and shirt, was barefoot, and stripped of all jewellery. He was walked quickly forward, to be abruptly halted at the edge of a newly and deeply dug hole at the fringe of the training field. Pushed firmly down into it by Sarssen who then stood silently beside it, watching, Bethel tried to get himself comfortable in a pit that only allowed him to crouch or kneel. At a pinch, Bethel would be able to curl himself up into a small, tight knot. He wasn't allowed to stand. The more solidly built Churchik would find it hard to move. The solitude, intended to centre the mind and spirit of the warrior, and the fast that went with it, began.
Bethel found his very long limbs unbearably cramped and felt deeply chilled pressed against hard, cold, damp earth. He began to ache. He was used to not having food, as he often ate at erratic hours depending on the warlord's whim other than at early sun, but the cramps were singularly painful, and, as the hours passed, he started to mildly hallucinate.
When he was pulled out at mid-eve, many hours later, he could scarcely move. He literally crawled into the pool of lantern light by the side of the pit, where he tried to marshal his wits and straighten shaking limbs. He'd no idea who pulled him out until he heard himself addressed.
"Get to your feet, petal."
Instinctively, Bethel staggered uncertainly, blinking, and brushed a hand across his eyes to see through the dark to where he thought the warlord was.
"My lord," he whispered.
"Follow!" came the curt instruction.
Bethel stumbled after the swinging lantern light and into the brightly lit pavilion where Lodestok immediately sank onto the bed and gestured Bethel close. He was pulled down to rest among the cushions, a strong arm holding him firmly so his head rested against the warlord's shoulder. He sensed Lodestok stretch across him, then felt a hand at his mouth.
"Open your mouth, flower." Bethel felt food against his lips. Lodestok very slowly fed him, piece by piece, then held a goblet to trembling lips. "Drink, boy."
Bethel did, each time the goblet was tilted. Once empty it was refilled and he drank again. He began to feel creeping warmth, his snarling gut quietened and tiredness came inexorably over him. He knew he was pushed further down onto the cushions by a surprisingly gentle hand that protectively caressed him, nor did Bethel see the expression on the usually grimly, impassive face that looked down into his exhausted, drowsy one. Lodestok's arms about him firmed. Finally, Bethel let himself go, as sleep claimed him.
~~~
As Bethel began the trials to be a warrior, a very tall, dark youth stood with his back to the door, his intense gaze bent on the silent courtyard below. He wasn't conscious of anything in particular. Time had passed since Luton was wrenched from his boyhood in Ortok, and when the youth turned from the window he was noticeably different from the cringing, terrified boy who arrived at the Keep. His colouring was unchanged and his frame was still too frail to support his height, but he was no longer emaciated and his hair was longer because it was last cut by Kher.
It was the face that was changed. Where there was fear and pain there was cold indifference, the eyes remote and penetrating. Where Daxel had the softly carved features of his elder brother and Bethel had the moulded face, Luton's was finely chiselled with a delicacy that came from the ravages of fever. There was nothing ill-favoured about Luton. At first glance, he was merely lean, graceful and darkly handsome, but there was no boyishness in the face and there was something forbidding about the sculpted countenance. The eyes, blanketed for so long, were clear and steady but they were like flint, as black and emotionless as the stone Lachir was made of.
He walked to his desk and his hands ran over the volumes he knew by heart. Few punishments were meted out to the youth in these early days, because Luton devoured knowledge with a voracious appetite. Though he knew he was at the lowest level of apprenticeship and might well be executed before he learned all he would wish, still Luton passed every test his master set.
As usual, he woke early from the short nap he was permitted to enjoy these days and promptly clad himself in the clothes the black slave brought into his chamber. Since he'd worn gowns and loose pants for cycles, he found the sensation of close-fitting breeches and boots uncomfortable. Once dressed, he was pushed by the slave to a table where food was spread out. Obligingly he ate. He was conscious his next test for his master was to be beyond the Keep.
The door of his chamber opened and Blach stood in the entrance, coldly surveying his apprentice. Luton flung himself to his knees in obeisance, his head bent as he'd learned to do as a very young slave.
"I see you're dressed," came the emotionless voice in his head.
"Yes, Master."
"You'll remember what you've been instructed to do, won't you?"
"Yes."
"You'll ride Harth and you'll travel with Haskar Kher. He'll meet you. You'll mate and return to me. Is that clearly understood, slave?"
"I understand."
"Don't fail me, Luton. Remember I know how to make mutes like you scream for me."
"I won't fail you, Master." Luton's voice was devoid of emotion. Once he'd have sweated.
"You may even find life outside amusing," came the chuckle in his mind. Luton made no response. "You will soon return to me. Go, slave!"
Blach watched the tall youth walk past him, no trace of cowering in the straight shoulders and the young mouth set. Blach's lips curled with satisfaction.
~~~
Luton stood outside the gates of the Keep, looked disinterestedly around him, strode forward and raised his hands in the air as instructed by his master, the silence around him eerie to all but himself. Luton had known nothing but silence, and had lived in isolation for so long any contact with others would be a trial. Blach watched, from his tower, for the huge dragon to answer the boy's bidding and then he waited until he saw Luton sink into a pouch before both disappeared. Blach turned back to his experiment.
Luton sat in the pouch, his eyes taking in the landscape they flew over without really absorbing any of it. When Harth mindspoke him, he lifted his head.
"Do you remember me, boy?"
"No," came the cool reply in the dragon's mind. Harth's eyes swirled thoughtfully and he briefly swivelled his head to glance backwards.
"I brought you to the Keep."
"I'm a slave. I remember nothing other than being a slave at the Keep."
"Where are you going?"
"To mate."
"With whom?"
"I'll know." When he felt the full dragon presence in his mind, Luton gave a jerk and went limp. "What do you seek?" he sent.
"Your memory, boy."
"I have none."
"We all have memory, boy. Have a quick look at a fractional part of mine, Luton."
Incuriously, Luton found himself swept through a maze of memories. They whirled about him. It was a maelstrom of sensory impressions that were now so alien to him and completely unfamiliar, he couldn't comprehend what he experienced. His mind patterns broke until he felt the presence steady him and then withdraw.
"So where," persisted Harth, "is your memory, boy?" Luton gave the equivalent of a mental shrug.
"My mind's clearly open to you, Harth. Can you find any memory?"
Harth gently entered the young mind again. This time he let his awareness filter down into Luton's deepest awareness where he saw the sorcerer's block, but even deeper Harth saw the faint, barely discernible, continuous disturbance that clung tenaciously to the underside of the block. This disturbance couldn't supersede a mage's block - it didn't have either the strength or will.
A dragon's mind was overwhelmingly powerful and it would be a foolhardy mage who claimed to fully comprehend the strength and complexity of it. Harth knew, beyond doubt, that everything Luton was, and could be again, agitated gently beneath the mage block. He resurfaced thoughtfully to the present, knowing that the being that was Luton wasn't wholly destroyed, yet.
"No, boy," he agreed. "You've no memory other than of life at the Keep. Are you listening to me now?"
"I'm listening."
"You'll call for me, Luton, but you must do so by calling with one word you must never forget."
"Tell me the word."
"No one must know, not even your master."
"He'll know. He reads my mind and uses me as he sees fit. I'm his slave. I owe obedience to him."
"Let me enter your mind deeply again, boy. Open to me."
Harth plunged into the depths beyond where the mage set the block and even beyond where the twin sentience restlessly rippled. He left a name, then, as he withdrew, he erased all knowledge of his conversation with Luton. He made no effort to communicate with the youth again.
Luton didn't feel the distance Harth flew was far; the dragon wheeled and dived in no time at all. As Luton slithered from the pouch, then jumped to the ground, he unconsciously put out a hand to touch the dragon in a caress, and, as he met the dragon's eyes without flinching, he felt an odd unexpected oneness that was a new sensation for him. Harth's eyes absorbed him momentarily, then the dragon eyes blinked and closed. Luton stepped aside and began to walk away. Harth opened eyes that settled on the youth walking into the distance and he made no attempt to rise until Luton disappeared. As Luton moved away, any vestige of memory concerning Harth faded.


CHAPTER FOUR

Ensore brought his mind back to the present and to the letter he'd just started to write. It was with some difficulty that he did, because it was bitterly cold the further north they went and he was lounged in a chair, with one knee raised, on which he leaned his board. It was dark except for lantern light. Even the hot wine he drank barely made any impact on the chill that hung in the air and breathed down his neck.
He glanced up every so often, his eyes coming to rest on a youth sprawled on a pallet, on his stomach, chin in cupped hands. It was a typical Daxel pose. Under lantern light, the boy studiously laboured through work Ongwin had set him, though Ensore heard the sigh that came once in a while. He went back to his letter, writing,
~~~
"Sarehl, we're now out of the forest and, tomorrow, begin our march towards Sython, in Cartok, as you suggest. Our efforts to assemble coherent units at last bear fruit. The ethnic groups we established a few seasons ago now hold together well.
There seems to be better understanding of what I'm trying to do, people responding surprisingly well, though we confront bitterness and hatred of southerners with each group who comes. It's only natural folk wish to attack now to exact revenge, but the message of unity and patience gains universal acceptance. There's a realisation that the whole's more important than the individual.
Your idea of setting up groups to do specific tasks within the camps was acted on immediately. The response surprised me. I thought non-fighting men and women would resent being asked to carry out such functions, but there's been no resistance at all. Again, my friend, you're proved right.
By doing this, and allotting specific areas of responsibility, our moves are more fluid and considerably less stressful - we now have groups who assemble and disassemble camps very fast, and the preparation and serving of food can't be bettered. Not only that, Sarehl, these people are so appreciated! It shows in their faces - nothing we ask of them is too much or too difficult.
Eli's intelligence network is fully functioning. It's thrown up some surprises. He's established more senior men who go out as rangers and then report; he says he finds this works well. We know who the warlord sympathisers are - that would discomfit you, my friend. It can show how wrong you can be in your assessment of people. I've found it a disturbing eye-opener. Ongwin reacts very negatively to these people in a way quite unlike him and wants them executed as soon as there's conclusive proof of betrayal. I confess I agree with him. Eli, however, feels he can use these sympathisers and promises me his men have their eye on each and everyone, execution to follow if any do or say anything prejudicial to us. Eli feeds these people just enough information that he wants the warlord to get - he plays a war of nerves that leaves me shivering. He'd make a bitter enemy, Sarehl, so I hope those tempted to play a double-game don't underestimate him! I certainly don't.
It remains bitterly cold, with little daylight in which to move an army forward. Progress is slow. The camp's changed now we have children with us. There aren't many left homeless, because orphans are willingly and quickly adopted and though home's a tent, rations and a harsh existence, at least most children have an adult to whom they can relate. I remember what you and Kalor said about little Brue.
I must admit, I was dubious about absorbing children, but it's served to bring people together in a way I couldn't have anticipated. Cross-fostering works very well. We have a lad, about six cycles, who's orphaned from Mahdia. He was brought north by Mellillans and now thrives as the child of a Norshami man and woman who lost their children to the warlord."
Ensore paused and glanced again at Daxel. The boy didn't move, so Ensore turned back to his letter. Before writing again he poured himself some more mulled wine from a steaming jug.
"I gather from your last letter, that Brue turns into an active handful. It sounds as if the lad's confidence reasserts itself quite rapidly, so that should please you. The time comes, though, my friend, when you'll be forced to confront that boy's future.
Dase is here with me, wrestling with questions set him by Ongwin and making heavy weather of them by the look on his face. Dase's still growing, Sarehl, so won't be much shorter than you."
Ensore was distracted by a long sigh as Daxel rolled onto his back, hands behind his head. The Marshal grinned and went back to his letter.
"Dase finishes the tests for Dahkilan Metes. Ongwin has high hopes of him. If Dase passes it means he'll be free to join a courier squad."
A longer, deeper sigh from the prone figure brought up Ensore's head. He put his pen to one side and stretched down to his goblet.
"Is it too difficult for you, Dase?" he asked, a laugh in his voice.
"No," murmured Daxel, turning his head. "I can't concentrate."
"Why's that?" Ensore studied the long, resting figure, thinking as he did how tragic it was the boy's twin wasn't sprawled out beside him. "Are you dreaming, lad?" The dark, curly head was shaken and Ensore noticed the black eyes seemed to look far away. He waited quietly. After a long pause, Daxel spoke.
"I'm wondering about Bethel and Lute."
"Aye, lad," answered Ensore softly. "As do we all."
"As a slave, Bethel will feel the cold. He won't have warm clothing as I do, will he?"
"No, that's so. If he's growing to anything like your height and's as thin as you are, he won't be able to keep out the cold."
"I worry about him."
"Yes, Dase, I know you do."
"Lute's a savaged slave, too, isn't he?" Intense and sad eyes were upturned to Ensore who felt it was time the boy was told the truth. He put his letter to one side.
"Why do you ask that?" Daxel rolled onto his side and leaned on an elbow, his expression sober and thoughtful.
"I sense that he's more than slave to someone, Ens. Won't you tell me?"
"Yes, lad, I will," responded Ensore calmly. "Your twin was taken as a slave at Ortok and placed in a caravan sent south to Churchik lands. Kaleb sensed him, as he told you, but he couldn't reach Lute, because the boy's so badly hurt. You know he's harmed, lad, because you've picked up the surges of the boy's terror and pain, off and on for cycles. Gods alone know what was done to Lute, Dase. We can only guess what life must be for a slave and it seems your brother has suffered more than most. We can hope someone like Kaleb can reach out and help him." Daxel sat cross-legged, his face white. He looked haggard. His eyes met Ensore's.
"Why wasn't I told more about him?" he asked, in a breaking voice.
Ensore gestured to him and the boy rose in an instant response, crossing to the Marshal's chair and, sinking down beside it, took the proffered hand and gripped it. Ensore's other hand rested gently on his head.
"Lad, you had your own grief and pain to cope with, without being confronted with the anguish of your brother. You knew Lute was a slave and on a caravan. That was enough. You had the anxiety associated with Sarehl, too. We felt you needed time to come to terms with that first, Dase, and the feelings from Lute. A mind can only comprehend and learn to accept so much at a time. We know how devastated you are without Lute and simply wanted to help. Do you sense him still?"
"No," whispered Daxel. "There's now nothing. I feel as if he's been totally removed from me."
"Nothing can do that to you. Whatever's happened to Lute, he's still your twin with whom you're unbreakably bound. You don't sense or know he's died, do you?"
"No," came the forlorn answer. "Lute isn't dead in a physical sense, but he is in every other way. It's frightening, Ensore, because I have an emptiness inside that'll never go away or be filled. Whoever's done this to Lute, has also taken from me."
"I understand that, lad."
Ensore stared down at the dark head and knew that, again, Daxel silently cried, the pain of separation overwhelming at times. He stretched forward and down and pulled the youth in close to him, his arms encircling the thin figure. He was aware Daxel hadn't mentioned his brother for nearly a season and wondered why he should do so now. He waited until he knew the boy calmed, before he asked gently,
"What've you sensed just lately, lad, that's brought all this to mind so sharply?" Daxel coughed.
"I had a surge of panic, two days ago, Ensore, when I had the urge to scream and howl as I knew Lute tried to do. I know he's mute and can't utter a sound, not even of pain. No one's told me - I just know. Then I seemed to turn inside out in agonising twinges that touched me everywhere. When it passed, I was left with the same blankness that hasn't gone away. I sensed such fury from someone."
"I see," mused Ensore reflectively, his gray eyes sombre. "And there's been nothing else?"
"Nothing."
"Dase, you may not remember something that happened a few seasons ago. Let me tell you about it, because it's since then you've had this sense of nothingness about Lute. Settle back and I'll explain. You were about fifteen cycles if I remember, maybe a little more, but I don't think so." Daxel leaned back against his mentor. It gave him comfort knowing Ensore was there. "You were lounging on a pallet in the campaign tent, as I recall, doing work Ongwin set you -."
Ensore reached the end of his description of what happened to Daxel, stopped speaking and looked down at Daxel who stared up at him.
"Do you remember any of this, Dase?" Clear dark eyes searched his, some confusion in their depths. "The healer kept you sedated for quite a while, lad, weeks as I recall, and I believe he may have deliberately put some sort of block in your mind so it can't happen again."
"I think I've a hazy memory, Ensore, but it's only vague sensations." Daxel frowned, then shrugged. "No," he said finally.
"I'm glad," said Ensore gently. "I wouldn't want you to, lad." He paused, then went on, "Sarehl's right, Dase, you must have hope. You must believe you and Lute will be together again." Daxel just stayed still.
"Yes," he whispered. He added tentatively, "Do you believe that, Ensore?"
"Yes, I have hope. It's often all we have to cling to, so it's important you have faith and believe that good will come from bad." Ensore ruffled Daxel's curls in an affectionate caress before he leaned forward to pick up his goblet. He held it in front of Daxel. "Drink it, lad. It's only warm now, but it'll help take the chill from your insides." He watched the boy drink deeply. "Would you like to hear what I'm writing to Sarehl?" Daxel coughed and nodded.
"Aye."
"Well then," murmured the Marshal, stretching down to the ground for his board and sheaf of papers. "I'll read some of it out to you, but not the boring military bits. That's mostly questions for your brother, as usual." Ensore waited until Daxel had curled himself up comfortably next to him. Again, Ensore gently touched the young head. "I've mentioned you've grown again, but not as fast." Daxel looked up with a half-smile and nodded. "I've also said you sit Metes." Ensore gently prodded Daxel with a booted foot and got a most rueful and sheepish grin in response. When Ensore reached the section that said Ongwin had high hopes of Daxel, the boy groaned. Ensore grinned at that and read quietly on until he was suddenly interrupted.
"Ens!" broke in Daxel, swinging himself round to face Ensore, cheeks flushed and his black eyes positively glowing.
"Dase!" teased Ensore.
"Ens!" implored Daxel. "Do you mean that about the squad, or are you hoaxing me?" Ensore held down the sheet so Daxel could read it.
"Well, what does it say?" Daxel's face broke into a delighted smile.
"Ens, I'll pass Metes. I've longed to be in a squad!"
"Yes, lad," replied Ensore, a hand resting on Daxel's shoulder. "But you've been much too young until now. Had you not had so much work to do, Dase, you'd have been placed in a squad half a season ago. I did promise Sarehl, you see, that you'd finish lost schooling. But now, youngster, a courier squad awaits you."
Gently, he removed the sheet from the long fingers and put it alongside him. He felt Daxel lean back into him and held the boy in his arms for a long time, until the lantern light flickered fitfully and darkness took its place. Daxel was now sixteen cycles.
~~~
Ensore's army continued the march north, the bulk of his men now well ahead of the southern army who still skirted the forest. Ensore only allowed small organised groups to linger behind to harass and damage Lodestok's army, and they were carefully rotated so no one group was over-exposed to danger.
By the time the warlord was northwest of the forest, he was well aware how coordinated the attacks were and had information there was the beginning of a combined force to oppose him. He certainly recognised an intelligence behind the current manoeuvres, quickly discovering that his army was consistently hit where most damage could be done. Crucial supplies went at an alarming rate.
Lodestok's doubling of guards worked for a while, but the tactics changed as soon as he did this; although the warlord could admire the skill of whoever organised these marauding men, it did nothing to improve his temper. Supplies for the southern army still came north regularly, but that, too, could lead to a vulnerability not acceptable to the warlord.
He was angered by Lenten, but heartened by some small settlements they took and fired before they moved north to the northern border of what was once the Samar Confederation. These minor conquests brought some slaves and some supplies, but didn't satisfy rapacious men who muttered discontentedly.
Eli's intelligence brought news of Churchik anger. This in turn brought a sparkle to Eli's eyes, as he gleefully told his brother that at last they began to make the warlord react. Ensore chuckled, but advised caution. His note to Sarehl that evening was short and to the point.
~~~
"You'll be amused and gratified to know the warlord's mightily irritated by your tactics, my friend. Barren cities don't please him, nor does the faint, but unsubstantiated suspicion, that a force may form among the vanquished.
He dislikes a poor supply of slaves and it appears his men become restless without conquest. Physical victory matters much to the warlord, doesn't it?
I've told a delighted Eli that caution's advisable, but he asked me to tell you, immediately, that your plans are a source of satisfaction. It pleases me to see him feeling our cause isn't entirely hopeless."
~~~
Seasons later, Ensore and his combined force reached the northwest of the Cartokian kingdom. They noticed, as they marched, that few of the Ustomi's people populated the cities or countryside. The Ustomi had insisted on a full strategic retreat and took with him a large army ready and willing to fight. It joined up with Ensore's advancing forces west of Mythos, where the Marshal's army, footsore and weary, rested comfortably for a long spell. They'd taken well over a cycle to cover the distance from the upper reaches of Blenharm Forest to the northern border between Cartok and her neighbour Sushi.
Weeks passed by the time Ensore assisted in the absorption of the Cartokian army into the multi-ethnic force, by which time he had to get the army moving northwest again, to keep ahead of the warlord. Sarehl had left Cartokian land sometime before.
The Marshal saw little of his brother, because Eli was deeply involved with the intricacies of his intelligence network and was often far-ranging with some of his men. Ongwin never rested and was always in demand; the Marshal depended heavily on him.
Daxel was seventeen cycles. He already ran a courier squad of younger boys - excellent training, Ongwin told Ensore with a grin, for when the boy was allowed to join a cavalry troop. The Marshal continued to be delighted with Daxel's development. His regular reports to Sarehl highlighted how satisfied the Strategos would be with his younger brother and Ensore thought Sarehl would scarcely recognise Daxel, because he'd grown so much over the five cycles since the sack of Ortok.
There was no boyishness about Daxel. He was very tall, taller than anyone else in the northern army, his crop of raven curls, clustered about his head and neck, making him look quite distinctive. He was broad-shouldered, but hadn't yet filled out the frame that would make him a large and strong man. He was gaunt rather than thin, perhaps even lanky, though he was graceful and a most striking youth with his dark, flashing eyes and infectious grin. He was still reserved other than with those close to him, and the expression on the thoughtful face was often wistfully sombre. An unspoken and magnetic charm attracted people to him, he was an eloquent advocate for any cause he espoused and the young ones in his squad frankly worshipped him. It boded well for one who would one day lead men. Ongwin watched him with approval from afar.
~~~
Ensore had to send his regular military bulletins and missives some distance, because Sarehl was always ahead of them. Consequently, it took time for Sarehl's letters to reach him as well, including one telling Daxel and Ensore that Bethel was to be a father in several seasons. This day, only hours earlier, it arrived. Ensore read it twice and chuckled deeply at the news, but Daxel, when he was told, was stunned. When the Marshal told him Bethel's mate was travelling to Sushi with Sarehl, Daxel protested.
"How can Sar take her?" he demanded of Ensore. "She's a Churchik!"
"True," replied Ensore lounging in a chair, his gaze on his boots. "But she's also mated to your brother, lad, and that makes her part of your family." Daxel was standing to one side of Ensore, but he flushed at that and turned abruptly away. "Dase," began Ensore gently.
"I can't," uttered Daxel, in a choked voice. "They've destroyed..."
"Lad," began the Marshal again. "Dase, come and sit beside me, or pull over a chair." Daxel hesitated, then came and lounged at Ensore's feet, his head coming to rest against the Marshal's knees. "You haven't read the letter. It's a sad business, Dase - the girl could die before Bethel's child comes to term. She's barely sixteen cycles, scarcely more than a child."
"Gods," muttered Daxel, twining his hands restlessly.
"She answers to Sasqua. Sarehl goes on to describe some Churchik ceremony Bethel had to endure when he was almost sixteen cycles. It's a maturation of some sort; I shan't go into unnecessary detail. Just understand that Bethel and Sasqua didn't stop after the ceremony as was usual and expected."
"Bethel?" exclaimed Daxel incredulously. "Our dreamy little musician? I don't believe it!"
"You should!" chuckled Ensore, perusing the sheets rapidly, but not saying much more. He merely commented, "Sasqua says - it seems the lad's known as Beth - that Bethel's a very gentle boy of enormous musical talent. That should hearten you, Dase, that the boy's encouraged in that way."
"Aye," responded Daxel absently. He raised his head again, his dark eyes questioning and, Ensore thought, rather mournful. "Why didn't you tell me the warlord took Bethel?" Ensore stared into eyes, so like Sarehl's, they sometimes seemed too omniscient to be real.
"How do you know about that?"
"Camp talk," answered Daxel, his eyes not wavering from the Marshal's gray ones.
"When, Dase?"
"A cycle or so ago."
"I see." Ensore sat pensively, conscious of the intense regard, then he spoke slowly. "Dase, you weren't thirteen cycles when Lodestok took your brother. I doubt you've understood the significance of it, would you?"
"No," replied Daxel honestly.
"We didn't tell your brother straight away either. When we did, Sarehl was devastated, Dase, so much so that Kaleb and I -." Ensore broke off, then resumed. "Sarehl felt unable to tell you. I thought you should be told something, so I told you Bethel was taken as a slave. It wasn't a lie."
"I know what the warlord does with boys, Ensore."
"Yes, lad," said Ensore softly. "Now you do, but then you didn't. By the time you were old enough to appreciate what happened to your brother, Sarehl and Kaleb had gone north and I became embroiled in the creation of an army. There was never any deliberate deception."
"Has Lodestok had him all these cycles?" Ensore heard the break in the deep voice.
"Aye, lad, he has."
"Poor Bethel," whispered Daxel.
"Up to this point, Dase, he's survived. That says a very great deal for that brother of yours. He's extraordinarily courageous."
"What'll the warlord have done to Bethel for being with that girl? He wouldn't tolerate that, would he - not when he's broken our little brother?"
"Dase, none of us know how Bethel now is. All we can hope is the edge of the warlord's anger was taken out on Sasqua. Certainly the boy will be thoroughly chastised, we know that, but we must hope Bethel's still alive. Remember what I told you about hope?"
"Yes," murmured Daxel thickly.
There was a prolonged silence while the two figures mulled over the contents of Sarehl's news, then, unexpectedly, Daxel swung round and looked up at the Marshal with a glint in his dark eyes.
"The warlord won't know Bethel's to be a father, will he?" Ensore raised a quizzical eyebrow.
"No, lad, most likely not."
"So he'll never know, will he?"
"I think it highly doubtful he will. Why?"
"He won't have that child to destroy. A part of Bethel will be with us."
"That, lad," responded Ensore softly, "is very true. I hadn't thought of that."
"It means that child will be doubly precious."
"Indeed, Dase, it will."
Daxel said very quietly, "We'll all care for the child until its father comes home."
"Aye, Dase."
~~~
It was a day like any other for young men being rigorously trained and taught military strategy by a mix of Dahkilan, Sushi and Cartokian officers and commanders. Daxel was under Ongwin's aegis, and, like others his age, obeyed crisp orders and accepted rigid discipline tossed at him without second thought. Churchik warriors and mercenaries trained hard. So did those who made up the northern army. The steppe people Lodestok met, cycles before, would've approved of the control shown by young cavalrymen drilled out on open fields, their horsemanship outstanding and the precision of their manoeuvres enough to make the warlord pensive had he seen them.
Eli had briefly returned to camp to report to Ensore, the daily skirmishes with the southern army now more aggressive. They'd attacked a forward patrol, killed two Churchik warriors and kept the third for interrogation. It was the first sight, at close quarters, any among the northerners had seen of a captive from a loathed race.
Tired, and his brain a bit groggy from training, Daxel decided to cross the camp in search of the Marshal. It was then, as he slowly made his way between myriad tents and small fires, that Daxel saw a commotion and, curious, turned to see what caused it. He saw the Churchik warrior. He missed an older man who approached, hands out in delighted welcome, the words called to him lost in a sudden flashback to Ortok.
He watched, again, huge, blonde-headed men attack Sarehl, try to rape Alicia and slaughter two little children. He saw baby Brue, felt Lute's agony and recognised Bethel's suffering. He felt, again, the heat, terror and sense of loss, Myme Chlo's image so real he felt he could touch her. He thought of his mother. Daxel's hand was at his knife belt. Pure hatred flashed in dark eyes as Daxel swung purposefully towards the restrained warrior marched past by impassive, burly Cartokian guards. He was brought to an abrupt halt, by a man he only dimly recognised through a haze of fury. Hands on his shoulders restrained him.
"Dase, lad - Dase, don't you know me?" Daxel tugged at the hands on his shoulders.
"Let me go!"
"Dase! The man's a prisoner."
"I don't care!" ground out Daxel. Strong hands shook him, very hard. He suddenly slumped.
"Come and have a drink with me," suggested the man quietly, as he let Daxel go. Daxel blinked, then stared down at the older man, disbelief in eyes so recently alienated.
"Cardon? Cardon!"
Daxel was back in the forest, lost, hurting, lonely and bereft, and this older man looked after him and was kind to him. He remembered his desolation when Cardon left and he'd felt friendless and alone again. Too many memories flooded him. He couldn't speak.
"Ah, Dase, lad."
Cardon put an arm about Daxel and waited until the younger man could respond. Then he gently but firmly guided Daxel towards the nearest mess. He pushed Daxel to a bench and went to collect and fill tankards with the ale Sushi and Cartokians drank, a brutal brew for cast iron stomachs. He sat opposite Daxel and pushed a tankard across to him.
"Drink that, lad," he suggested, a smile in his eyes. "That'll knock you sideways." Daxel gave a shaken laugh.
"Cardon! I'm so pleased to see you again. How did you find me?"
"Lucky I did just then, youngster," observed Cardon, calmly surveying him. "The warrior brought back ghastly memories, Dase."
"Aye," mumbled Daxel, rubbing his eyes.
"Understandable, lad. It's probably the first warrior you've seen since Ortok." Daxel nodded. "Now, youngster, tell me about yourself since I left you with Ensore. You've grown into a very big fellow, haven't you? Then I'll tell you about myself."
~~~
It was later that Daxel, fortified by another tankard of ale and a long talk with Cardon, parted from the older mentor and finally wandered into Ensore's command pavilion. At this time of day Ensore was usually alone. Today, he wasn't. Daxel walked in to see the Marshal in a small knot of commanders, and, beyond them, the Churchik warrior, his stance arrogant, the expression on his face contemptuous and the pale blue eyes chilling. Chained, he stood alone, a colossus and powerful. Daxel came to a halt. He stared across at his nightmares personified. The Churchik looked intently, and with interest, at the tall figure.
"You!" came the deep, guttural growl. Daxel stood motionless. Ensore turned, saw Daxel and crossed to be beside him.
"Dase, I wasn't expecting you. Do you want to go outside and wait for me?"
"You! Boy!" came the imperious voice again. The Marshal turned to look across at the warrior. Though he spoke very softly, there was an implacable note to the voice.
"What about the boy?"
"He looks like the warlord's boy."
Daxel struggled with the strange guttural accent but noticed Ensore had less trouble understanding it. The commanders now looked from Ensore, to Daxel and then across to the Churchik warrior.
"So Bethel's still alive, is he?" asked Ensore, still very softly. It was a rhetorical question. "There's your answer, Dase. You wondered if he'd survive the warlord's anger over Sasqua."
"What are you? Are you a brother of the warlord's love slave?"
"What's he saying, Ensore? I can't understand him."
"Yes, he is," answered Ensore for Daxel. The warrior's eyes swept appreciatively over Daxel, from his short black curls to his booted feet.
"Very alike. The warlord would fancy him, too." Ensore's face was a mask. His voice was frigid.
"Return him to Eli. Get him out of here, now!"
"Just a minute!"
Deliberately, Daxel walked up to the Churchik, almost chest to chest, and stood, face to face. To the warrior's surprise, he had to lift his head to meet black eyes, as heavily fringed as Bethel's, but these were hard as flint and held his, unblinkingly, in a stare that made the Churchik frown. This was no young slave like the warlord's boy, who bent his head in subservience. The warrior found the direct stare disconcerting. The silence was unnerving. It held, as did the look, until the Cartokian guards, in response to the Marshal's curt nod, ungently shoved the Churchik from the tent, the men followed by the commanders.
Ensore looked at Daxel who didn't move, then, when he did and turned, the Marshal saw only bleakness overlaid by raw pain in eyes that met his.
"He's Eli's to deal with, Dase." Daxel nodded. "Be sure he won't return to the southern camp. Eli has no love for the Churchik." Daxel nodded again. Ensore's voice softened as he moved across to the still, rigid figure. "Dase," he murmured.
There was no response, so Ensore pushed Daxel into the closest chair, quickly found a goblet that he filled with wine and held it down to a mouth clamped shut, the teeth gritted.
"Drink, lad." The mouth opened. Daxel obeyed. "Come back, Dase. Come back."


Ambrosian Chronicles.
Third Age.
11209.

We believe the Marshal, the Chamah-Elect of Dahkilah, has assembled a large army well into Cartokian territory, the army's intelligence network formidable and causing damage to the warlord. It won't be long before they enter Sushi land. We note, however, that the warlord's army continues to move at devastating speed and with ruthless, terrifying efficiency.
 
All refugees from southern states and those states of the north appear to have been absorbed into the northern army, and this includes homeless and orphaned children.
 
We're reliably informed it won't be long before the Strategos moves north beyond the Duchy of Sushi, accompanied by the Churchik girl mated with the enslaved Samar brother, Bethel. She is, we gather, badly hurt by the warlord, but the child she carries is unharmed. Bethel is, still, miraculously alive.
 
The other brothers closest to the Strategos are carefully watched. The twin Daxel remains with the northern army for the time being, but the youngest half-brother, for his safety and security, will soon no longer travel with the army.


CHAPTER FIVE

The desert men and their three guests travelled for days, Autoc unconcerned, though he noticed they moved steadily westward rather than towards the north. Jaim was utterly relaxed, but Chlorien was nervous, jumpy and prowled restlessly about the tent when they weren't riding. She still found it difficult to understand the language she heard constantly round her, but after a week she learned sounds and could isolate words.
At every stop they were left to pitch their tents, but they were always ringed by the hide oublas of the tribesman. They were invited to join the desert folk for meals, Autoc politely acquiescing and Jaim resigned. Chlorien's appetite didn't return for days, her plate barely touched as she sat hunched next to Autoc, her eyes going from one tribesman to another.
Jaim tolerated desert cooking for eight days, then made his wishes clear to the spokesman. The latter looked at Jaim curiously, then turned to Autoc.
"Doesn't he enjoy our food?" Autoc gave a grin.
"Aye, but he'd prefer to do the cooking." The spokesman had an answering smile in his eyes. He stared down at Chlorien who edged closer to the mage.
"And does the boy like his food? He ate little for some days." Chlorien looked up apprehensively because she recognised the word `boy`.
"Calm yourself, little one, he means you no harm," came the thought in her mind. Out loud, Autoc spoke quietly to her. "Do you like your food, lad?"
"Yes, Father." Autoc nodded up at the spokesman.
"He says he does."
"How old is he?"
"Fourteen cycles."
"He's very pretty, isn't he, for a boy?"
"Aye," responded Autoc carelessly. "He takes after his Mam."
"Your mate must be a lovely woman, but the boy will have your height in cycles to come." Autoc smiled.
"Aye," he agreed. "He will."
"He's a timid lad for his cycles."
"He travels with me to give him confidence."
"Tell your friend," said the tribesman, changing the subject, "that he may cook for us if he so wishes." Then his green eyes met Chlorien's violet ones. "He should be with boys his age," he said softly, his eyes holding hers.
"Aye, he should, but it's not been possible."
"Not yet, certainly," agreed the tribesman. "Soon he'll be in younger company."
"That would please me," responded Autoc, turning back to his plate. Chlorien bent her head, her appetite entirely gone.
~~~
The spokesman's interest in her didn't abate as the days passed, rather it intensified. She was conscious of him in everything she did; if she walked, she knew his eyes rested on her; when she rode she was aware of his thoughtful gaze. When she practised her knife throwing, she'd turn and there he'd be, not far behind her, his eyes deep and curious. There was no hostility.
One morning Chlorien, having already set up her targets, stood still in readiness to throw her first knife. She sensed someone behind her. She swung round uncertainly, found the tribesman there, and, a little disconcerted, she turned back to face her targets, aware, as she did, of a hand that came to rest firmly on her shoulder. Another hand caught her under the chin and she felt her head tilted until she stared up at him helplessly.
"You don't hold your body at the right angle, boy," the tribesman said quietly. Chlorien licked her lips, her eyes still held by his penetrating, intense ones. "Don't you understand me?" he asked, his voice stilted and halting with the effort to speak Northern.
"No," she mumbled, trying to shake her head.
The tribesman let her go and pointed to himself. Chlorien nodded. He stretched down and took the knife from her suddenly slackened grasp, pointed to himself, then waited for Chlorien to nod again. She did, understanding quite clearly that she was to follow what he did.
She watched how he stood and copied him. She saw how he angled and tensed his body, before drawing his throwing arm back - she did the same. He rose to his toes and, with fluid grace, threw the knife. It sank exactly in the centre of one of her targets, the tribesman turning to Chlorien, eying her expectantly, then nodding imperatively back at the targets. Drawing in her breath, Chlorien tried to do what he'd done. She scraped a target, then stood, waiting.
"Take off your sandals, boy. You've no flexibility of sole."
Puzzled, Chlorien stared up at him, so, patiently, the tribesman stooped and pointed to her feet. She promptly sat in the sand to unlace her sandals, unaware that Autoc approached, his expression one of amusement. He stood above her, but got only a brief glance because she tussled with her second sandal.
"Learning the desert ways, are you, little one?" Chlorien rose, her look at the tribesman questioning, then she nodded. She got a tolerant smile from the mage.
The tribesman nodded encouragement, so Chlorien again stood as he'd shown her, drew a knife, rose high on her toes, aimed, and threw with considerably more confidence. Her knife embedded itself in a target. She looked up with a satisfied smile. The tribesman patted her on the shoulder approvingly, his eyes meeting the mage's over the top of her head. Autoc's eyes then twinkled down at Chlorien and she responded with a grin.
"He's not been taught manly skills; why's that?" asked the tribesman abruptly.
"He has learning of another kind," explained Autoc indifferently. "He can hunt and survive in the bush."
"Not out here, he can't," said the tribesman. "He's a mite younger than my son, but has none of his skills or knowledge." Autoc shrugged.
"He has many skills for what faces him in the future." The tribesman stared fixedly first at Chlorien and then at the mage. A smile suddenly touched the cold green depths of his eyes.
"Give him to me so I can teach him desert skills. They won't harm him and could, in cycles, benefit him. A boy so pretty should know how to defend himself." Autoc looked across at the spokesman thoughtfully, then down at Chlorien.
"Very well," he said quietly. "He may spend his days with you and yours, but I teach him scholarship every evening. He must be back with me before sundown." The tribesman put out his hand and Autoc clasped it.
"I'm Choja. The boy will come to no harm and will learn much. No young should sit idle in the desert."
"I know the lad will come to no harm, Choja. Well, Chlorien?" Chlorien looked uncertainly from one man to the other as their hands separated.
"Father?"
"Choja's going to teach you desert survival. He wishes it to be so."
"Father," she whispered, aghast. "What are you doing?"
"You're learning a great deal, aren't you, little one?" Autoc responded chuckling, a hand on her head.
"What," came a desperate plea in his mind, "if he finds out I'm not a boy?"
"He won't, little one," the mage sent back. "You'll go with him and should find all this most instructive. I've noticed your boredom."
"No, Father, I'd rather stay with you and Jaim."
"We'll have company soon enough, child," was the response in her mind. "Go now and make the most of the time you have with Choja." Autoc pushed Chlorien towards Choja, saying out loud, "Go now, boy."
"I can't understand what he says," came the small, despairing voice in the mage's mind.
"Then you'll learn, won't you?" he sent back unsympathetically.
Choja took Chlorien by the hand, patted her head as he'd seen Autoc do and the mage's grin widened as he watched the tall tribesman stride away, Chlorien in tow.
~~~
Chlorien found her situation strange, but, after her initial apprehension of the tribesmen passed, she rapidly became intrigued. There were thirteen tribesmen since those sent to delay Queeb and Ohb had rejoined them. Chlorien noticed these were quiet men who seldom spoke. There was an obvious hierarchy, too, with Choja deeply respected, obeyed without question and she observed he was called Sophysun. She assumed it was a desert title of respect. When Choja brought Chlorien to the men, they raised their heads and nodded courteously to Choja, their eyes resting briefly, but incuriously, on the boy.
"He's to learn our ways," said Choja, in his deep voice. She looked enquiring, but no one took any notice of her. "He'll learn from us all, as a desert boy should."
"Be it so, Sophysun," they all growled in chorus.
Chlorien stayed with the men from sun up to sundown. She learned how to assemble the hide tents that she could soon do in a matter of minutes. She was taught many things: how to entice desert creatures to come to the surface so she could catch them for food; how to trace and track for water and to recognise the changing dunes and understand the winds that altered them. She learned how to recognise the signs of desert storms and how to survive them and she studied the stars as guides to direction. She read the winds and learned to properly smell scents that gave her forewarning of changes in the weather. She conserved and re-used water while she learned to traverse the dunes in the company of a tribesman.
She was taught how to handle and use the curved swords that so frightened her and learned not just to throw knives, but how to use them properly. Once again, as she had as a canas cub, she learned how to respect the environment and those who lived in it and with it - not once did she see a tribesman abuse his surroundings. She saw their love for the desert and their oneness with it. It was offered as a gift to her and she took it with increased understanding, becoming as one with a landscape she'd hated.
The weeks passed very quickly. Chlorien arrived in the mage's tent of an evening, tired but deeply contented as she leaned against Autoc, listening to what he had to tell her. When he released her, she sank onto her mattress with her eyes closed immediately. Autoc looked down at her with a smile before he left her to sleep.
~~~
One evening, Choja entered the large tent where Chlorien sat, cross-legged, with one of Autoc's precious books open in her lap. Autoc was lounged back with his hands behind his head, puffing on his pipe contentedly while he lazily watched her. Jaim drowsed on a mattress with his back to them. It was silent and restful. Pulling himself upright, Autoc signalled Choja in. Chlorien looked up but Jaim made no movement.
"Read on, boy," instructed Autoc, watching to see the dark head bend assiduously over the book. Choja crouched next to the mage, his green eyes alert.
"So the boy reads," he observed calmly.
"All the time," replied Autoc quietly.
"He has knowledge?"
"He learns, but he's very young yet." Choja turned his head so that he could study the prone figure.
"He's learned much," he said, ruminatively. "Unusually so, Schol, and very fast for one so young and not desert-born."
"Aye," acquiesced Autoc, puffing gently. "We've much to thank you for."
"But he's untried," went on Choja. Autoc went very still.
"Explain," he suggested. Choja pulled at his blond beard.
"He thinks he knows, that one. To be any desert man, he must fully know. To think isn't enough - he has to do." Autoc stared pensively at the tribesman.
"What are you asking me, Choja?"
"Desert boys, at the age of sixteen cycles, are left out in the desert for a day. They return or they die." Autoc continued to puff, his only movement a glance across at the stiffening shoulders of the slight form reading.
"Has he learned so much, so fast? It must take cycles for a boy to learn these skills."
"He has beauty this son of yours, Schol, but he also has much intelligence. He could be desert-born."
"So you think he's ready for such a trial, Choja?"
"He is. I'd never endanger the young, or ask too much of someone unready for such a test." Chlorien gave a sharp intake of breath that made the mage smile and brought a glint to his blue eyes.
"Then by all means let him be tried," he responded courteously. Chlorien threw down the book, rose and crossed to her father. Autoc put a restraining hand on her shoulder. Choja looked over at Autoc, a hint of a smile in his eyes.
"I'll take the boy out early, Schol, and leave him. He'll be properly prepared." Choja nodded politely, rose and noiselessly left the tent. Chlorien stared up at Autoc with a horrified expression.
"Father, you can't let them do this to me."
"Why not, little one? Choja assures me you have skills to survive. Such a tribesman wouldn't lie." Chlorien pounced on the mage's chest.
"And if I don't?"
"But why shouldn't you, child?" asked the mage reasonably. "Have you forgotten all I taught you so soon?" Chlorien's head drooped. A strong hand touched her curls.
"No," she whispered.
"Then why couldn't you survive? Are you afraid?" There was a long pause before a very quiet voice responded.
"Yes, Father, I'm deeply afraid."
"That then, child, is very good."
Chlorien looked up, saying with a catch in her voice, "I'll be alone, Father."
"Aye." Autoc's voice was very deep and calm. "You will be, but only for a time."
"Will I be able to hear you, Father?" The voice was very small.
"Naturally, little one, at the appropriate time. Did you think I'd abandon you after so little time with the tribesmen?"
"I didn't think, Father." Autoc pulled her up into his arms, his grip comfortingly strong.
"Try, lad," he said softly, "to survive as a tribesman. Only use your other talents if you absolutely must."
"I'll do as you ask, Father."
"Good lad," murmured the mage, reaching for the book and snapping it shut, but still holding the slight figure close. He put the book on the sand and quickly brushed his hand across Chlorien's forehead. "Sleep, little one," he said, glancing down at the boy with a faint sigh. Jaim turned and faced Autoc, his eyebrows raised.
"It's not an easy road for this young one, is it?" he observed.
"No," Autoc responded, a sad expression in his eyes. "It can be very hard, but he'll also know times of great happiness. The challenge he faces tomorrow enlarges his experience and should bring deep satisfaction if he meets and conquers it. He must face such a trial with self-belief and confidence or else he'll fail. He repeats this experience, in many forms, until he succeeds. It's his destiny. That, for what he confronts later, could be critical to his emotional and mental survival."
Jaim was left profoundly thoughtful.
~~~
In the early hours of the morning, Choja entered the tent to find the mage wide awake. He stood silently watching as Autoc rose and crossed to Chlorien's mattress, his hand gently shaking her awake.
"Come, lad," he said coolly. "It's time for your trial."
Chlorien's eyes snapped open and looked huge in the pale face. It was a tremulous smile she gave as she clambered reluctantly to her feet. She went to put on her sandals, but Choja's voice stopped her.
"Bare feet, sapling."
Autoc raised an eyebrow at the term Choja used, but noticed Chlorien made no response. She'd obviously got used to it. Choja held out a tunic to her.
"You keep your talma, boy," he said, pointing to her loose cuffed pants. "You remove your outer robe and hooded mantle." Chlorien obeyed, pulling the tunic over the undershirt and settling it comfortably.
She stood still while a large skifi was placed on her head and held in place by a jewelled band that Chlorien didn't see. The mage saw it, but made no comment. Clearly it was a gift. The cloth fell to her shoulders and was spread evenly by experienced hands. A finer piece of cloth was placed across the bridge of her nose to hang loosely over her mouth and throat, then was tied behind her head, under the heavier cloth. All Autoc could see were the big violet eyes that looked directly up at him.
"You look very much the part," he sent to her. He saw the response in her eyes.
Choja led her outside, where he quietly buckled on her knife-belt at the hips and then clasped a sword-belt round her waist. He slammed in a curved sword that Chlorien stared down at before she looked up at the tribesman, surprised.
"Thank you," she murmured, almost inaudibly.
"A gift for your desert maturity," came the deep voice above her. A large pouch was slung across her left shoulder. "You know what's in this bag, don't you, sapling?" Chlorien nodded. Choja stooped and lifted a cup that rested in the sand to warm. "Drink," she was instructed, as the tribesman handed her the cup. She lifted the light cloth and drank deeply, draining the cup with a grimace. The cup was thrown into the sand. "Come, sapling!"
Choja took her hand and led her away into the darkness. Autoc stood watching for as long as his enhanced sight let him, then, with a slight sigh, he turned and went back into the tent where he stretched out, his eyes open and thoughtful.
Chlorien and Choja walked for what seemed to Chlorien to be many miles, before the tribesman stopped and said very quietly, "Go forward without looking back, sapling."
Her heart in her mouth, Chlorien obeyed. She kept walking for some minutes, then stopped and turned to look for Choja. She saw nothing but undulating sand that stretched for miles. She was utterly alone. Thoughts jostled in on her, including her absolute insignificance and the overwhelming power of nature. She felt justifiably vulnerable, knew that in itself was a lesson, panicked and began to walk back to where she thought Choja was. She opened her mind to Autoc.
"Father!" she sent. There was no response. "Father," she sent again. Again there was nothing. Chlorien felt tears trickle down her face and was deeply afraid.
Her abnormally drug-enhanced experience in the desert had a profound affect on Chlorien. Her heightened perceptions made it impossible for her to rest or sleep and she was driven across the desert like a wisp of dust. She finally accepted the spirituality the desert offered her, feeling as humble as one of the grains of sand upon which she stood. She stopped fighting as she'd learned from time with the canas pack, and gradually became a part of the desert, accepting all it might do to her. She sublimated her individuality and opened fully to nature. When her fear finally dissolved, the desert lost many of its terrors.
She lived as one with it for nearly two days, no longer wandered, but sat cross-legged in the warm sand, unaware of time or space, and became the desert, so deeply, it almost claimed her. Autoc stayed close with her, waiting. In the early evening of the second day, she rose and turned purposefully in one direction, though her footsteps were leaden and weak. She'd forgotten to eat or drink much since she left camp.
"Father," she sent faintly, without even thinking.
"Little one," came the deep, calm voice in her mind.
"I'm coming, Father."
"I'm waiting, little one." There was a long pause. "Have courage, child, and faith. I believe in you. Come to me."
Autoc stood waiting, his eyes scanning the horizon that stretched far beyond him. Choja saw him, but made no attempt to approach the mage, an anxious frown in his green eyes as they, too, looked into the distance. He was concerned, because Chlorien was gone nearly a day longer than was usual. He knew, though, instinctively, that this very tall man would let no harm come to his son, so, desert-fashion, he waited.
Choja noticed Autoc looked in only one direction, so he stared the same way, aware the mage hadn't eaten with them, the man very quiet and deeply reserved this evening, as if he wasn't completely present. Autoc just stood very tall and still, a powerful presence Choja had come to respect. Behind the mage stood Jaim, his brow puckered. He stooped, but he wasn't as frail as Choja expected an old man of Jaim's age would be. The tribesman suspected Jaim had more to him than first appearance would suggest.
The sun set and still Autoc stood. Then Choja saw him suddenly move forward with giant and rapid strides. He and Jaim stayed where they were and waited watchfully until the mage reappeared, a limp form in his arms. He came up to Jaim and Choja, an odd smile twisting his lips. Choja looked down at the white face. He gave an uncertain smile up at the mage.
"He's achieved his desert maturity," he said quietly. "He's truly a desert boy, Schol, in the fullest sense. He deserves praise and I've great pride in his achievement - so should you."
"Aye," agreed Autoc. "Leave him now with me." Choja nodded solemnly.
"He doesn't need us as he did," he murmured. "He's gone beyond the child."
Jaim followed Autoc back to their tent. The mage lay Chlorien on the furs, before he placed a hand under her head and with his free hand held a cup up to her mouth. Jaim noticed it'd been left ready by the mattress.
"Drink, little one," Autoc said softly. "Come back to me."
Chlorien's eyes opened black and disoriented, but she drank when Autoc pushed the cup to her lips. As she drank, she relaxed quite suddenly, looking up at the mage tiredly.
"Father?" Her pupils were still dilated, but there was sense again in the eyes.
"Aye, little one, you're back." Chlorien gave a contented sigh, her hand found the mage's and gripped very hard. "Drink again." Chlorien opened her mouth.
"So tired, Father," she mumbled, her eyes closing.
"Not yet, little one. Join me," instructed Autoc calmly.
Jaim watched as the violet eyes met mage blue ones and there was a stillness about both figures as their minds melded. Chlorien took the mage back to the desert, where she shared with him the depth of her experience, her fears and her sensations. When their eyes broke contact, Jaim noticed the mage's face was grave and his eyes deeply thoughtful as he stared down. Autoc brushed his hand across the dusty brow. It wasn't necessary. Exhaustion was etched on the young face. Autoc covered Chlorien gently, his hand resting on the tousled curls for a long moment.
"Sleep deeply, little one," he said quietly.
"How long were you giving him, my friend?" asked a deep voice behind the mage. Startled, Autoc turned, then relaxed. He rose and stretched, his long look at Jaim a measuring one.
"Is it so apparent then?" he sighed.
"Answer me."
"He called. Had he not when he did, I'd have gone to him."
"What made you wait?"
"I knew he came because, though he didn't know it, I was with him all the time. I had to wait for his call."
"Did you experience all he did?"
"Not while I watched her, no. That wasn't possible if I was to remain an objective observer, ready to bring her back should she sink too far. She very nearly did, which is why I was anxious. Just now I went deep with her, yes."
"And?"
"She went very, very deep, my friend." His mind seething, Autoc stared at nothing and had to be recalled by Jaim.
"Why did that happen?"
"They gave her a mind-enhancing drug. I should've realised she didn't need that drink!" Autoc sighed again.
"They'd have wondered had she not drunk it," observed Jaim, his glance resting on the sleeping figure swathed in furs.
"Aye," murmured Autoc. "It was almost too much." He looked down at Chlorien again. "I won't let her remember it all, not just yet. She isn't ready."
"We're speaking, you'll notice," Jaim said, a tad grimly, "of her and she, my friend." Autoc looked at him with a rueful smile in his eyes.
"Aye," he agreed. "That won't do."
Jaim took his arm, saying with an understanding twinkle, "Let's join Choja, Autoc. You haven't eaten and the lad'll be all right left here, won't he?"
"He'll sleep for a long time," Autoc said, following Jaim from the tent.


CHAPTER SIX

Three days later they rode into Indigo, Choja leading, his back straight and eyes looking straight ahead. He didn't so much as glance from side to side. Behind him, but close, were five of his men, followed again by Autoc, Jaim and Chlorien, three abreast, but flanked at sides and behind by the other tribesmen.
Indigo was a walled city, but it was unfortified, in much the same way as Ortok was, thought Autoc as they rode through the gates. He also thought appreciatively that it looked like a mirage after their prolonged days in the desert. He glanced over at Chlorien whose youthful expression of surprise and awe amused him, because he realised it was the first major city the child had seen since she was so brutally wrenched from her own.
Like Sadekak, Indigo had narrow streets of windowless walls, only here they were relieved by open doorways, through which the travellers could see treed courtyards and, every so often, pools of various shapes and grandeur. Mostly all that could be seen were shrubs and paving.
As they rode further into the city they saw residences for the more affluent, horseshoe-shaped and surrounded by landscaped gardens. Choja veered away from these and they clattered down many more narrow streets, edging their way through busy markets and small beehive villages that sprawled off the markets.
Autoc assumed most of the buildings were made of sun-dried bricks, though he wasn't sure what the colourful roofing tiles were. While he mused, he saw that they'd come to main avenues from which minor narrow streets spawned in all directions. Down these were row after row of warehouses made from kiln-dried bricks; walled enclosures filled the spaces between the streets to make courtyards of differing sizes, each entered through beautifully wrought gates.
Those who could afford to be beyond the beehive villages, lived in terraced houses, their roofs from ridge to eaves covered in the same glazed tiles of varying colours. Each door was differently coloured as well, which made Jaim ask the tribesman riding next to them if that was significant. He was told colour denoted status.
From all sides of the avenues were terraces, some of them stepped; there were plazas and sunken courts full of shrubs, pots of every conceivable shape and size, and sculptures. Autoc acknowledged it was a quite lovely city. Chlorien was wide-eyed. She noticed, as they rode along one avenue, that the houses became increasingly opulent in styles she hadn't seen before. The wealthier desert lords had houses with white marble exteriors, portico-type entrances and columns that supported archways to courtyards and gardens.
Jaim noticed their pace slackened and then saw why. At the end of the avenue was a palatial residence, horseshoe-shaped like all the others, but this was more ornate, symmetrical and formally landscaped. Autoc took in some of the architectural features with interest and wondered idly if the Archmage had ever visited Indigo. He suspected there were few places on Ambros Bene hadn't been.
They rode into what was obviously the main courtyard, from where the mage could see what would be halls with domes, courts, arcades and imposing mosaic entrance-ways to east and west. The courtyard, where Choja signalled a halt, was like all others except in size; there was sculpture in abundance and shrubs interspersed with ornamental pots. Unlike other courtyards, this one boasted huge mature trees that gave welcome shade and relief from the heat and dazzling marble all around them.
Autoc took in the tall columns that supported richly painted archways and tried to see what the paintings were; he couldn't because Choja sharply signalled they were to dismount. When he stood, the mage turned, realising that the archways interlaced at different levels and some exterior walls were decorated with filigree plaster work that was very delicate and repeated on the columns.
Next he saw a large garden with a series of courts and pavilions that all led off one another. He was intrigued, conscious of a sense of space and timelessness as his hand ran over a marble screen. As he was firmly escorted up a stepped and paved terrace, he saw glimpses of crenellated parapets and even more domes in the distance. They went through numerous halls and corridors, their walls decorated with alternating bands of drak and stone for decoration, while the floors were ornamented in delicate mosaics that the mage longed to stop and study.
Choja finally stopped at one entrance way, flanked by what Jaim thought could only be guards. These men bowed very low to Choja and he bowed less deeply in return. As he did, the guards stood to one side to let him through, falling back into rank immediately to prevent any others access. The travellers remained where they were. Chlorien was conscious each guard had a firm hand on his sheathed sword.
With his height Autoc could see, that at one end of this very imposing room there was a raised platform covered by a canopy of fine, rich silk, from the south mused the mage thoughtfully. The tribesmen had far-reaching trading agreements it seemed. The platform was approached by shallow broad steps and all about it the floor was painted. The walls were covered by a detailed painted frieze. The mage could see Chlorien tried to peer at it through the arm of one of the guards and grinned when she squinted in frustration.
A still figure sat on the platform. Autoc watched with interest as Choja went to one knee at the base of the steps, remained there with his head bent to the floor, then, after a few moments mounted the steps and knelt on both knees, hands up, out and clasped. This was a very Churchik warrior gesture, as was what came next. The mage saw the figure clasp the hands briefly, then touch Choja's queue. Choja lifted his head but didn't move and Autoc could clearly see he spoke earnestly before he rose, backed down the steps, strode from the hall and gestured, as he came close, that the guards were to stand back. They obliged. Choja nodded at Autoc and Chlorien, but shook his head at Jaim. The latter raised an eyebrow, but lounged back at his ease on a stick he'd taken to using.
Autoc was pushed ahead of Choja. Chlorien realised she was to walk some distance behind and meekly fell back. Her eyes scanned everything and grew rounder as she walked. Autoc reached the base of the shallow steps and stood still. Choja pushed him. Autoc didn't move. The mage remembered Choja's warning from the evening before concerning the Sophy's attitude to strangers. This was a slightly xenophobic society. The face looking down at them was as still and cold as marble. It was also a proud face. The dark green eyes that stared down were the only live things about it, Autoc thought, as he looked directly back at the graven figure. The voice that spoke was deep and distinctly menacing.
"Who has my son brought who won't pay homage owed me?"
Chlorien looked up at Choja with deep respect at that, but he didn't notice her because his eyes were settled on the mage in a frown of warning. Chlorien sensibly bent her head again and listened.
"I pay deepest respects to a desert lord," Autoc was saying, in his calm and courteous way.
"You don't pay homage."
"It's unknown where I come from," responded the mage easily, though he heard the inward hissing of breath from Choja beside him.
"You will here," was the cold, humourless response.
"If it's your will," Autoc replied very quietly, "though I'd consider it a discourtesy were it not done to me in all humility." There was a long silence. Chlorien could sense the tension in Choja. The motionless figure still didn't move.
"What, then, is the habit where you come from?" There was a note of humour in the deep voice.
"We meet as man to man," responded Autoc, a gleam coming to his eyes that the figure above him didn't miss.
The figure rose abruptly and, with swishing robes, came down the steps to stand directly in front of Autoc, his green eyes flashing a warning. Autoc looked straight at him, his blue eyes cool but unthreatening.
"And then what happens?"
Autoc held out his hand palm up and very gently placed the desert lord's palm on his, saying quietly, "I'm Schol and this is my son Chlorien. His uncle Jaim's still outside." The deep green eyes scanned first Autoc, then lighted on Chlorien and the sword she now habitually wore.
"I'm Chojoh, desert lord of Indigo and Sophy of the Wildwind tribes. Why's this boy wearing a sekran?" There was a note of anger in the deep voice that made Choja speak quickly.
"We've been in the desert some time, Sophy, because the travellers were well east and headed north. The boy reached maturity with us. I hope this is acceptable."
"Entirely." The cold eyes stayed settled on Chlorien. "How old are you?"

"Not quite fifteen cycles."

"You're very pretty for a boy and have most unusual colouring." The voice was dispassionate and Chlorien discreetly kept quiet. "Why are they brought here?" There was now a note of displeasure in the voice.
"Schol tells me they travel to where they believe Ice Isle is," replied Choja. The green eyes of the Sophy swung back to Autoc.
"Why?"
"Schol doesn't tell me. Neither the old man nor the boy knows why they go there." Chojoh took his hand from the mage's.
"You'll tell me," he said softly, staring deeply into Autoc's eyes. Autoc's voice was implacably cold.
"I say nothing more than that."
"We're the gateway for any who may unwisely seek Ice Isle," came the soft voice again. "I decide whether you live or die."
"As you will," said Autoc icily, drawing himself to his full height. Even on a step above him, the Sophy now had to look up at the mage. He turned to Chlorien.
"Leave us," he said sharply. Choja looked briefly at Autoc who nodded. Quietly, Choja took Chlorien by the hand and led her away, the youngster looking back nervously over her shoulder. Both men of power, the mage and the Sophy eyed each other.
"Now," said Chojoh softly still. "You'll tell me, Schol, why you have need to cross our lands. I'm the Sophy of all the tribes, so you need my permission to go beyond Indigo." The voice got even softer. "I'm wondering why my son was foolish enough to bring you this far."
"My son must go to Ice Isle. He doesn't know where it is, nor why he goes. His uncle accompanies us because it's his destiny to do so. I can say no more than this."
"My son tells me you have pursuers."
"That's correct."
"I could send you back to them," threatened Chojoh.
"Like father, like son," murmured the mage. Chojoh's eyebrows hitched. He tilted his head.
"What's that you say?"
"Your son threatened us likewise." The Sophy looked very thoughtfully at the mage, to be met with a bland look.
"You don't know fear," said Chojoh finally, in a voice of surprise and with an arrested expression. "Why is that?"
"I'm not afraid."
"Is the boy so brave too, I wonder?"
"I wouldn't permit anyone to harm the boy."
"Would not permit?" repeated the Sophy, his brow becoming thunderous. "Do you know to whom you speak?" He turned and snapped his fingers imperatively. Immediately the guards stood to one side. "Bring me the boy!"
Choja returned with Chlorien. Autoc noticed distress in his eyes. Chlorien pulled back and got a frowning look of displeasure when she glanced up at Choja.
"Come, boy," he said sharply. "Don't linger!" Chlorien was pushed in front of Chojoh.
"Are you brave, boy?" Chojoh asked quietly. Chlorien looked up at Autoc.
"Father?"
"Answer the desert lord, little one."
"I don't know," admitted Chlorien honestly. She glanced up at the Sophy and saw a flicker of surprise in his eyes.
"We'll find out, boy. Choja, hold him."
Choja looked thoroughly uneasy, his eyes flickering to Autoc who stood absolutely still, his eyes like chips of blue ice. Choja, his gaze still on the mage, put his arms round Chlorien and held her rigid, then, when Chlorien managed to twist slightly so she could stare up at him, Choja looked into violet eyes so full of trust he let her go.
"Choja!" snapped the Sophy, his voice vibrant with anger. Choja went to one knee.
"He's as an adopted son," he stammered. "You can't ask me to hurt such a one. I can't."
"What does he mean?" demanded Chojoh, surprise warring with anger on his face. Autoc stooped and touched Choja on the shoulder, but the tribesman remained still.
"You honour the boy, Choja, though he's too young to appreciate it. I'm not and am deeply touched by your gesture. I can't, though, let you feel distress when none is merited. Please carry this no further. Accept my hand as a mark of my respect."
Autoc put his hand down to the younger man who rose. Choja just stood in front of the Sophy, his attitude one of deference.
"Sophy," he said in a low voice. "I only ask for respect and understanding." The Sophy looked from his son to Chlorien and then to the mage.
"We shall sit," he said, with authority. "Now! You, boy, come here beside me." Chlorien instantly obeyed, sinking to the bottom step where she was directed. Chojoh sat beside her and taking her chin in his hand, he made her turn her head to face him. "What's your name, child?"
"Chlorien." Her head was released, but the Sophy's stare didn't waver from her face.
"Why did my son say you were as a son to him, boy?" Chlorien looked across to Autoc who lounged back on the second step next to Choja, the ice gone from the mage's eyes.
"Father?" she entreated.
"Answer, little one. Or don't you understand the question?" Chlorien shook her head. "He wants to know why Choja cares for you and wouldn't hurt you."
Chlorien looked bravely into the cold, angry face and replied with a tremor in her voice, "He taught me to be a desert boy. That may be why."
"Explain."
So Chlorien did, her voice strengthening as she described their travels from the time they met Choja. She ended by touching her sword and saying in a tone of defiance, "He gave me this. He said it was a gift. It's mine. He said I earned it."
"You went into the desert?"
"Yes."
"Alone?"
"Yes."
"For the day we require of boys in baak?" Chlorien looked quite blank. "For how long did you go, before you returned by yourself?" When the young face clouded, the Sophy saw confusion in the big eyes. He turned to Choja. "Sophysun?"
"Two days, Sophy, he walked alone."
"Two days? How long did it take you to teach him to survive?"
"Four weeks," said Choja very softly. The Sophy drew in his breath and his gaze rested on the boy again.
"How old did he say he was, Sophysun?"
"Not yet fifteen cycles, Father."
"Your refusal to harm him is understood," responded the Sophy quietly, his glance briefly travelling to his son. "You could do nothing else." Choja bent his head and the mage saw how the young tribesman's shoulders relaxed for the first time since their arrival.
Chojoh's eyes met the mage's and an understanding seemed to pass between them, unspoken but quite clear. When Autoc briefly held the cold, green eyes with his, the Sophy saw sadness in the blue eyes that flickered to the boy, and saw, too, love and concern mixed with misgiving. The Sophy was instantly alert. He wondered why he'd been permitted to see this. He rose suddenly.
"Choja, take them to guest quarters. Later they'll join us to dine. You'll return to me as soon as they're settled."
Choja bowed very deeply, then waited for Autoc to turn and leave. Before he did, the mage inclined his head to the Sophy in a gesture of respect, then quietly put his arm protectively round Chlorien's shoulders, guiding her gently from the audience chamber.
~~~
Their rooms were palatial, the huge door that separated the chambers flung wide open so they had a clear view of their surroundings. Chlorien stared in awe at the beds.
"Father," she whispered. "Do we sleep in those?" Autoc glanced down surprised, then he began to laugh.
"Yes, little one, we do. Jaim's quarters are equally rich."
Chlorien drew in her breath. Her eyes took in the painting and plaster ornamentation of the ceilings and walls and the floors painted in a similar style. The furniture looked delicately constructed but Autoc, throwing himself into a chair, found it was remarkably sturdy. He sat back and watched Chlorien's tentative exploration of the rooms with amusement.
A disturbance at the door made them both swing round, Chlorien from the far room and Autoc swivelling in the chair, his eyebrows raised. He watched as two young women entered, three boys following. They went to the far corner of the room Autoc was in and he watched as they stood around a large bath set into the floor and turned taps, hands in the water on and off to check for temperature. The mage thought appreciatively about desert aquifers and the desertmen's skill in water conservation and recycling. It was impressive. The women set washing accessories round the bath then effaced themselves, while the boys stayed until the bath was full. One laid out clothes on the mage's bed, another laid out towels, and the third draped robes over a chair he drew close to the bath. Then they, too, quietly left. Autoc walked calmly over to Chlorien.
"Off with everything, lad, and in you go," he said on a chuckle. She got carefully in the bath, then promptly sank it was so deep.
"What if they return?"
"Keep well down," advised the mage.
Autoc gathered up her clothes and threw them in a heap on a chair, her boots neatly under it. Then he lounged back in his chair, his half-shut eyes watching Chlorien as she idly splashed. When a boy re-entered the chamber with brushes and a jar of perfumed oil, he glanced across at Chlorien who promptly sank under the water again. The boy bowed to Autoc as he laid what he carried on another chair. He nodded at the clothes.
"We humbly ask that you accept this clothing, master. It's hoped it fits, even though you're so tall. There are clothes for the boysun as well."
The mage smiled gently at the serving boy, saying quietly, "We thank you, lad, and those who make us the offer. We gratefully accept." The boy bowed again then withdrew.
Autoc thoroughly enjoyed his bath, singing lustily and wallowing to such an extent the water over-lapped the tub and spilled onto the floor. As Chlorien quickly dried herself, she watched the mage, thinking of the scholar from what now seemed so long ago, and her heart gave a slight twist before she deliberately looked away. She wrapped the robe around her then sat with a sigh of relief.
She shook her head to let the curls feather, then walked over to the nearer bed to look at the clothes carefully laid out and considered them for a moment. With a shrug she pulled them on, assuming all the smaller clothes were for her. The pants were followed by an under vest, long and fitting, with long sleeves. She tucked it into her pants and stood staring at the bed. The robe, that she lifted next, was very long. It went from throat to thigh, was split up the sides almost to her waist, had tight wrist cuffs and a high stand up collar. She wasn't sure if she was comfortable, but she was resigned.
She stood still, her eyes resting on a brush. She moved to pick it up, heard a movement and turned to see a serving boy enter with boots in his arms. He eyed Chlorien speculatively, but as the others had done, he made Autoc a deep obeisance before he left the chamber.
The mage continued to lounge comfortably, his eyes lighting on the boy and watched idly as Chlorien stooped over the boots, then lifted a pair. They were deep purple, almost black, soft leather and they were calf-length. She pulled them on. She flexed her feet, aware the boots were a little too big but reasonably comfortable. Autoc eyed her in some amusement.
"What a strutting lad you look," he observed. Chlorien grinned across at him. Dressed, Autoc stretched and turned to face Chlorien.
"Fetch one of the brushes, lad."
Chlorien picked up a brush and obediently sat on the bed so the mage, in his usual vague way, could pull and tug at extremely knotty curls. She was very good, sitting in watery-eyed silence until the brush slid easily through her dense mop, then, once the curls were bullied into order, she slipped from the bed and crossed to a window. Autoc took the brush to his hair become very much longer over the cycles and as knotted as Chlorien's. He winced and growled as he brushed.
"Father?"
"Yes, little one?"
"What season is it?"
"Early spring. Damn!" He yelped as he struck another knot. Chlorien came over.
"I'll do it, Father," she said, firmly taking the brush.
"That'll punish me," growled Autoc, as Chlorien began to brush vigorously. He winced again. "Why do you ask, lad?"
"I'm nearly fifteen cycles, aren't I?"
"You were that, little one, two days ago."
"Why are we going to Ice Isle and where is it?" The brush was paused in mid-stroke. When Autoc spoke, the brushing resumed.
"Because I have a mind to go there, child. Why else?"
"You seem very determined to do so, Father. What if the desert lord doesn't let us?"
"We'll have to fly," the mage answered flippantly. The brush came down hard on his head.


CHAPTER SEVEN

It was early evening that saw them escorted to a huge dining hall that made Autoc blink. There was marble and crystal everywhere, even the chairs intricately carved from marble. The cups were delicate crystal and feather-light to lift. With an appreciative twinkle, Autoc surveyed the sumptuous assortment that graced the huge carved table.
Chojoh was at the head of the table and rose when he saw Chlorien and the mage pause under the ornate archway at the entrance. Choja sat on his right and a boy, not much older than Chlorien, sat on his left. Beside each was a vacant seat.
"You grace us with your presence, Schol," came the deep, cold voice. "Please be seated beside my son. You, boy, will sit next to the Sophysun's Jochoh."
Serving men came forward to escort them to their seats and once they were seated, the mage looked across opposite to see Jaim eye him, a reluctant twinkle in the Gnosti's eyes that Autoc responded to, the mage thinking at the same time that Jaim looked supremely uncomfortable in his new clothes. Chlorien, however, thought he looked venerable and respectable, but almost got the giggles when he winked conspiratorially at her. The Sophy sat at a table full of people.
It was a very long meal of many courses that gained Jaim's thorough approval. Chlorien ate heartily. She only vaguely followed the conversation that seemed to ebb and flow like a tide around her; she wasn't fully attending to anyone, her eyes coming to rest every so often on Jochoh who sneaked surreptitious looks at her as well. Neither she nor Jochoh was included in the conversations and Chlorien could see he was as bored as she was.
It was during a lull in the talk that Chlorien realised she was being addressed, looked up, and saw a quizzical look in Autoc's eyes.
"I beg your pardon," she mumbled to the Sophy. He merely seemed amused.
"Do you wish to be excused, boy?" he repeated. "Jochoh's about as interested as you." Autoc nodded absently. The Sophy glanced down at the boy next to him. "Look after your guest, Jochoh," he said softly.
Talk turned to the wars in the south of Ambros that Autoc thought seemed unreal while he sat in an atmosphere such as this. He and Jaim became interested listeners, neither making any effort to contribute to the conversation. The mage observed how quiet these people were, how unusual it was for a voice to be raised and realised the measure of the Sophy's anger that he'd earlier raised his voice to his son. Finally, he was addressed by the Sophy.
"And you, Schol, what can you tell us?"
Autoc's blue eyes swept the company contemplatively, all there later commenting on the compelling presence and power that swathed the man like a cloak; mention was made, too, of how perceptive and shrewd those eyes were. He lifted his elegantly decorated cup, quietly studying its design before he spoke.
The Sophy watched him and thought how calm a man this was, even though he found himself in what was quite clearly a strange environment. Chojoh noted that with quiet satisfaction, as well as the placid assurance of the older man who sat opposite Schol. The Sophy was intrigued by these travellers.
He decided the boy was an enigma. The Sophy had learned much from Choja, including that the boy was allowed to undergo the desert trial but his father let no one near to harm the boy. Chojoh had a tidy mind and he was curious. It was obvious the boy was unusual and talented in some way. The Sophy mused as he listened to the deep, placid voice that began speaking.
"I can't tell you much, other than that we're from the states that were attacked by the southern army."
"The Samar Confederation or from further south?" asked Choja, his eyes fixed to Autoc's face.
"Aye, the Samar states. They're well east of here, beyond Sindabar, and were powerful and rich states of remarkable scholarship." Autoc paused, a sad note to his voice.
"You say were, Schol," commented the Sophy quietly, signalling to a serving man that he wanted more to drink. He smiled and thanked the man who hastened forward.
"Yes." The Sophy heard weariness in the voice as well as grief. "The warlord destroys all in his path. That's something you'd be well advised to remember. He has those who act for him too. Where we came from was a city-state called Ortok. It was annihilated."
"Were you there?"
"No, the lad and I'd left by then, but we met up with survivors and that was enough. We had friends there too. We're travellers, Sophy. My son travels with me. We listen and we learn. I can assure you the Samar states will no longer exist." There was a very long silence before a man further down the table spoke.
"It was from Samar that fine porcelain came, wasn't it?" Autoc lifted his head.
"Aye, it was. Norshami porcelain was exquisite and Ortokian pottery was some of the finest on Ambros."
"A soft blue glaze," went on the voice.
"Ortok was a centre of learning," said an older man next to Jaim. "They had a music Academy that drew students from all over Ambros and had masters who excelled above those from any other states."
"Aye, that's so," agreed Autoc.
"And all that's been destroyed by this warlord we hear of, is that so, Schol?" Autoc stretched.
"It serves no purpose to describe the destruction. That helps no one. Let it suffice, my friends, that you know of cruelty that's unspeakable. The atrocities..." The mage fell silent and sipped from his cup.
"We've heard things," said Choja, filling the gap of an uncomfortable silence. "He takes prisoners as slaves, doesn't he?"
"Oh yes, he does that. They're sent south in slave caravans, chained, starved and brutalised by guards who care not a damn for them. I think," Autoc mused, "I'd rather have died than be subject to slavery in one of Lodestok's caravans." A general murmur swept the hall. It was the Sophy who spoke.
"Where was he moving, Schol? Could you sense his direction?"
"After Samar?" The Sophy nodded. "Samar extends into the north, so that was where he would move so he could completely annihilate the states. He was definitely headed north around a huge forest that stretches for many leagues. He couldn't go through it, because we found it full of refugees from everywhere. He'd take and fire Lenten after he left Ortok. I'm sure Lenten's fallen by now."
"It has," came Choja's quiet voice. "Sometime since. Our sources tell us he's swung north again, though more westerly. Where exactly would that take him?"
"Into the Cartokian kingdom."
"So," mused Chojoh thoughtfully. "He goes north, then will presumably swing fully west. We're not threatened, nor are our trade routes."
"Not yet," said Autoc very gently. All eyes turned to him.
"What are you saying, Schol?" demanded the Sophy. Autoc raised his cup again.
"You mustn't forget he's a man of conquest. Your western trade may be safe for now, but don't expect it to stay that way and don't ever underestimate the warlord. He's a very intelligent man. He'll swing from the north down this way to return to his home in the south and you deceive yourselves if you think he'd treat you any differently from others he's vanquished. This way would be his easiest route. Not only that, he'd appreciate and utilise your desert skills."
"Are you saying, Schol, that he's not a man you could treat with?" asked Chojoh, his eyes never leaving the mage's face. Autoc lifted his head and his eyes met the Sophy's, so much bleakness in the blue orbs that Chojoh got a deep shock. He was shaken.
"The warlord takes all, Sophy. He gives nothing." There was a long silence as everyone absorbed the implications of what they'd heard.
It was Choja who broke the uneasy silence, by asking, "This southern sorcerer we hear about, Schol. Who is he?"
Before Autoc could reply, a lighter voice said questioningly, "Is it true, as rumour has it, that the sorcerer's really a mage of power?"
"I hear of him too," replied Autoc indifferently. "He seems to attract a lot of attention."
"It's said," said Choja carefully, "that the sorcerer and the warlord are closely allied and that one complements the wishes of the other. Do you think this is so, Schol?"
"Maybe," shrugged Autoc dismissively, his eyes fleetingly meeting Jaim's. Choja was the only one who saw the unspoken message that passed between them and he leaned back, a faint smile in his eyes. He didn't participate in any further discussion.
"Can you tell us any more?" asked Chojoh, concern deep in his eyes.
"Not now," answered the mage. "I can only suggest, having seen what the warlord can do, that you consider your own situation carefully and make plans for how you'll act. I can assure you, Sophy," he added with emphasis, "that he'll come, in one guise or another."
"We'll be ready," murmured the Sophy, through gritted teeth.
"I hope," muttered Autoc, in an aside to Jaim, "that they are." Again, it was only Choja who heard.
There was no further comment to be got from Autoc and the old man was even less forthcoming, so the meal came to a meandering conclusion. The Sophy rose, gesturing to all that they follow.
The rest of the evening passed pleasantly, Jaim and Autoc enjoying the entertainment from tribesmen who were powerful dancers and very gifted musicians. The mage thought the women moved their bodies in the sensual way Melas moved at Choice. It brought a sudden twinge of unspeakable grief. He banished the vision he'd last had of Melas as she lay dying and deliberately turned his attention elsewhere.
An hour after festivities began, the mage saw Chlorien and Jochoh hover at the entrance and he signalled to her, conscious as she came and settled next to him that she didn't look as neat as she'd done at dinner. Autoc noticed Jochoh looked as dishevelled and grinned at the thought they'd obviously had a rough and tumble of some sort. Chlorien's eyes were bright when she grinned impudently up at him. She rested her head on his shoulder with a sigh of contentment and closed her eyes.
Chojoh wasn't watching the mummers; he was watching Chlorien and Autoc, his eyes every so often going speculatively to the old man. He saw Chlorien's look up at the mage and didn't miss the depth of affection in Autoc's glance down at the dark head as the boy settled comfortably. The Sophy also saw the large hand protectively and gently stroke the black curls.
Chojoh then studied the old man, his hand thoughtfully stroking his beard. He noticed Jaim wasn't as relaxed as Schol - his eyes constantly roamed the hall as though he perceived a threat somewhere. The Sophy found that interesting, almost as much as the perception and keenness of those tawny eyes if they met his. Chojoh was convinced they weren't the eyes of an old man who wavered on a stick to walk.
Chojoh had no doubt the tall man, who emanated such authority and power, was no ordinary traveller and he suspected Schol and the boy exchanged thoughts. It showed in the way they related to each other. This, thought the Sophy, raised fascinating questions. He was in no rush to decide their futures, though, if the Sophy were honest with himself, he suspected the man called Schol would decide what was to happen next. Chojoh was content to wait and learn. He was a very patient man; desert men always were.
The Sophy also dwelled on Choja's obvious respect for Schol, nor did he miss his son's deference. This was unusual in Choja, who was a deeply reserved and taciturn man. That he should so easily befriend a stranger's son was food for thought. Chojoh's lips curled in a smile as he leaned back and paid attention to the performers.
Autoc didn't miss the scrutiny. He accurately assessed what was passing through the Sophy's mind and suspected that Chojoh had guessed more than he'd have liked, but also realised this was inevitable - provided no one guessed that Chlorien was a girl, the mage wouldn't worry too much.
~~~
Days drifted by. Chlorien was happy in Jochoh's company, her timidity soon a thing of the past. She settled into life as if she'd always lived in Indigo among desert people, her understanding of their ways and speech become a part of her. Autoc noticed she was soon treated by everyone she encountered as if indeed she were just another desert boy.
The mage was drawn, as was Jaim, to the library in the palace. There, he perused documents that made him raise an eyebrow because the manuscripts were so ancient and frequently referred to one whom the desert folk clearly revered. Sarequin was a name known to both Gnosti and Shadowlanders. The mage saw children read from, and recite the texts attributed to Sarequin, from antiquity, though he wasn't sure the young knew why they recited their catechisms until they were word perfect. Jaim was likewise intrigued and quite content to listen to the music and to read. Autoc delved deeply into very old archives indeed. It made him thoughtful.
The Sophy didn't say the travellers couldn't leave, but neither did he say they could. Autoc didn't ask, but Jaim did. The answer Choja gave made Jaim blink but left him no wiser.
"The Sophy, sometime ago, called for a meeting of the tribal lords to discuss the rise of the warlord. At this gathering there'll also be a discussion about travellers of any persuasion going through our lands. You'll be told in time."
Jaim sighed, well aware that patience was a virtue in desert society. He told Autoc who also sighed, a slight smile in his eyes.
"You find it tiresome, my friend?" he asked.
"It irks me," acknowledged Jaim, ruefully pulling at his whiskers. "I don't wish to fret, but I wish to move forward. Our mutual friend's laid deep plans, mage, and while this is comfortable, I'm not inwardly content. Where are his men, by the way?" A frown came to the mage's face at that.
"Good question," he said, rubbing his nose. "I haven't sensed them until lately. I suspect they come close."
"As you say, mage, possibly too close for comfort. We're well west rather than north and there's still much desert to cover. We should be thinking seriously of moving, mage."
"Aye," concurred Autoc, his frown deepening.
"The lad seems happy enough though, doesn't he?"
"Oh aye," chuckled Autoc, his frown vanishing. "Even despite their escapade in the stables. I'm not sure I'm entirely forgiven for handing him over to Choja for the same medicine meted out to Jochoh." Jaim gave a crack of laughter at that.
"He's enjoying the company of those his age. It's good for him, and I notice he's had a few fights and all," he chortled.
"Let's hope he hasn't disgraced himself," remarked the mage, his eyes warm with amusement.
After the boys' stable escapade, Choja looked over at Autoc, his eyebrows raised.
"The boy's a mischief, Schol," he observed. "He's no longer so timid."
"No," murmured Autoc. "He was once always with others, and rough and tumbled."
"He's settled very well, Schol," Choja assured him. "He's relearned boundaries then, hasn't he?"
"Aye." Autoc started to laugh. "It's good to see the child so alive again."
"Tell me, Schol, what happened that he became so easily alarmed?" Choja noticed the laughter from Schol died instantly, the man's face grim.
"Experiences in life aren't easy for some, Choja. I try to protect the boy as much as I can."
"You won't trust me, will you, Schol?" When Choja spoke, he looked up at the mage and there was an odd twist to the tribesman's lips. Autoc turned, put out a hand and gripped the tribesman's shoulder.
"I trust you implicitly, Choja, you must believe that," he said quietly.
"The boy's in danger, isn't he?" When the tall man looked down into the deep green eyes, Choja thought Schol's eyes looked weary and melancholy.
"Aye, Choja, all the time." Choja nodded.
"The boy has profound talent, too, Schol. I know that." There was no response from Autoc. "Your son's safe with me, Schol. I'll see no harm comes to him." The hand on Choja's shoulder tightened and then was lifted.
"Let the lad be happy while he can," murmured Autoc. "It delights me to hear him laugh so." Choja gave the mage a long look before he turned away.
~~~
The gathering took place ten days later. Desert lords who'd been absent in their own towns or who'd been out in the desert arrived steadily for five or six days. Chlorien was fascinated by the toing and froing, her big eyes ever watchful as one lord after another arrived at the Sophy's behest. Some lords had been some distance away dealing with traders and gathering supplies, so they arrived with retinues that stretched out along the avenues.
On the day the gather was to begin at midsun, Chlorien and Jochoh were perched up in one of the huge trees that dominated the main courtyard. As usual she asked constant enlightenment of Jochoh as people scurried or moved leisurely about below them. Her friend responded, amused by her surprise and interest.
From him Chlorien gleaned a great deal about the desert lords. Jochoh may only have been sixteen cycles but he had a quick mind and an early grasp of fluid, and at times dangerous, desert politics. Allegiances drifted like the dunes in a sandstorm and a Sophy had to be a clever manipulator. To survive as the Sophysun's son, Jochoh had to be very alert and astute at a young age.
Chlorien learned names and status as desert lords passed beneath them, and she took particular note of one desert lord that Jochoh unwittingly let slip posed a threat to the incumbent Sophy. Chlorien listened, her eyes wide and her mouth slightly open. Treachery in the desert stunned her. She thought she wouldn't forget the name Kosko.
So she sat, perched high up on a bough, now pensively surveying the movement below. She saw several lords come and go, including Kosko who rode out, to return an hour later with two riders flanking him and with whom he appeared to be in complete amity.
Chlorien's consternation turned to fright and the breath was stopped in her throat when she recognised the strangers who entered the gates.


CHAPTER EIGHT

It was a still day, though overnight drizzle had made the ground damp. There was an air of excitement and anticipation throughout the camp that affected even the horses who whickered and stamped restlessly. It was warrior challenge day. A week following that would be warrior commitment day for those who passed the trials. It was a celebration all but slaves looked forward to.
There was one slave more nervous than the rest. After the fast, Bethel went into a deep sleep that later turned to restlessness, until he wasn't able to sleep away the remaining hours until sunrise. Lodestok was kept awake though Bethel was unaware of that, nor did he see amusement in the warlord's eyes when he sighed and tossed yet again.
His earlier transgression with Sasqua, nearly a cycle before, was never referred to by the warlord, Lodestok punishing Bethel in such a way he was sure the youth would never either disregard his wishes or disobey him again. Since Bethel showed himself compliant and submissive as a result, Lodestok was content. Bethel was listless but acquiescent for a season after Sasqua, then his depression lifted and the life, such as it was in the warlord's presence, reasserted itself.
Lodestok woke earlier than Bethel on this day, which was unusual, because Bethel was invariably dressed and ready to serve his master as soon as the warlord awoke, but the fast had left him profoundly drained. Lodestok looked down at the sleeping youth, an unexpected smile curling his lips. Being remarkably gentle for such a man, he ran his fingers through the tumbled black hair scattered across the cushions. Bethel mumbled, stretched and flung out an arm. The warlord ran a finger across the now barely discernible Vaksh face cut, down across the throat where the torc used to be, across the shoulder and down past the stomach to the tattoo. This time Bethel sighed.
"My lord," he murmured, half-asleep. Lodestok's smile broadened.
"Well, my youthful flower," he said very quietly. "Today you will be made a Churchik warrior. Your life continues to go as I wish."
He looked at the lovely face in repose, the skin still soft and clear with not even the faintest hint of dark down on cheeks or chin, and the mouth still so full-lipped and invitingly sensual. The air of sweet gentleness hadn't left Bethel; it hung about him like a mantle. The sorcerer would've sneered at how enchanted by this youth the warlord still was and would've mocked him as a man bewitched by beauty.
"I still have you, petal, as I believe I always shall. You belong to me, but will be more mine in only a matter of days, though you do not realise that yet, boy, do you? You do not fully understand the rituals or oaths you will make then, child that you still are."
Lodestok ran his finger up Bethel's groin to the youth's throat, hearing another sigh before he rose and began to dress. He'd pulled on breeches and boots and was settling his shirt comfortably when he heard a movement behind him. Bethel stretched and yawned. When Lodestok turned, Bethel opened eyes to see the warlord watching him. The velvety purple eyes, still so big and expressive, lit apprehensively on the warlord partially clad and Bethel quickly hauled himself up on one arm, preparatory to getting from the bed. Lodestok forestalled him.
"Not this morning, little flower. Make the most of your rest. You have an arduous day ahead of you." The voice became silkily caressing and, as always, Bethel shivered at the inherent threat. "You will succeed for me, petal, will you not?"
"Of course, my lord. I would not fail you."
"Indeed you would not, little flower. It might enrage me, might it not?"
"I would not do that, my lord."
"So, you have learned that now, have you, flower?" Bethel's face clouded and his eyes darkened.
"I will never forget, my lord," he answered, another shiver shaking him.
"You are not intended to, petal." Lodestok buckled his belt. "My lessons are always best attended to."
"My lord."
Bethel let himself fall back on the cushions from where he stared at the warlord who stooped to pick up a comb. He was, and always would be, Bethel reflected, over-awed and mesmerised by the energy and sheer power of this man. For an older man in his late sixty cycles the warlord was physically a man in his prime, with unbelievable stamina and frightening appetites. Just looking at him Bethel felt a mere boy. He knew he may be made a warrior, but that he was still the warlord's boy slave was undeniable. Nothing, he acknowledged, would ever change that.
Lodestok strode from the pavilion without a second glance. Bethel had pretended to lounge at ease, but as soon as he was alone he dressed and ran to his pavilion where Jane awaited him with outstretched hands.
"Lad, you don't look rested," said Jane, clasping both Bethel's hands in his. Bethel looked down from his greater height and smiled.
"I did not sleep well," he admitted ruefully, "though I out-slept the warlord. Gods," he shivered. "I thank those gods he was in a benevolent temper! He even fed me after the fast and let me sleep." He wrung his hands together absently. "Jane, you must see me properly fitted out. Should I fail my lord, I am in deep trouble." Jane patted his arm.
"Stop fretting. Come and sit. You must be hungry."
"I cannot eat," argued Bethel, allowing Jane to lead him to a table on the far side of the pavilion.
"Sit, Beth. You can and must eat. You've fasted for a day in solitude even though you say the warlord fed you. You can't endure a day of trials on an empty stomach. Don't be a silly lad."
Thrust down onto a chair, Bethel sighed and impatiently pushed his hair from his face and shoulders. When he began slowly to eat, Jane quietly went behind him and pulled back the locks to confine them with a riband.
Through a mouthful of meat, Bethel murmured, "Could you go over the order of trials again for me?" Jane lifted a sheet and peered at it.
"It begins with the javelin, where you must eliminate as many opponents as possible in the fastest time."
"Not my main strength," muttered Bethel thickly, through another piece of meat Jane thoughtfully placed in front of him.
"The wrestling," continued Jane on a chuckle. "You'll have a time there - the Churchik are hard to beat, especially young Manas."
"Mmm," mumbled Bethel, plucking at an ear-ring.
"Followed by archery - now there, Beth, you show mastery. None can touch you at that."
"We hope," said Bethel fervently. "If I fail that, Sarssen will beat me!"
"Then the axe, lad, followed by swords." Jane looked over at the youth who was downing ale. "I beg you take care, young one. Injury at this stage isn't uncommon."
"I can take a scratch," was the surprised rejoinder. "I am not a girl."
"True, lad," said Jane gently. "But the warlord won't want you hurt, will he?" This thought clearly jolted Bethel who looked pensive for a moment and nibbled on the end of a finger.
"I had not thought of that," he admitted. He gnawed meditatively for a minute or two. "I shall have to go for quick disabling, will I not?" He smiled ingenuously at Jane.
"Make sure you do," Jane growled. "And likewise with knives, Beth. The horse trials and chariot race at the end shouldn't concern you."
"The branding ceremony is soon," reminded Bethel, cramming a large pastry into his mouth. Jane left him to it, his eyes twinkling as he pushed the platter close to Bethel's elbow. Bethel's hand hovered over the platter and one pastry followed another in quick succession.
"I was hungry," Bethel said, ruefully glancing at Jane. "You were quite right." He settled back comfortably.
"Course you were," grinned Jane, placing a bowl of fruit directly in front of Bethel. "Eat that. It'll give you energy."
"Gods, you are as bad as Sarssen," grumbled Bethel obliging. Then he just grinned. He watched as Jane carefully laid out his weapons across the ground and didn't offer any further conversation. Absently, he began on another piece of fruit.
Finally Jane looked up. He asked, in a puzzled voice, "Why branding? You're already branded as a slave, so why again?"
Bethel sat with a long leg hooked over the edge of his chair and swung his foot, unconsciously imitating his master. He was clearly thinking, because he didn't answer immediately.
"Do you know, Jane, I think I missed that bit. All I can remember is that it is a warrior brand that shows you can conquer fear as well as pain."
"What bit did you miss?" Jane shook a second sword into its scabbard.
"You know we were taught the significance of warriorhood?" Jane nodded. "Well," confessed Bethel a trifle guiltily, "I kept falling asleep. Manas had to wake me." Jane gave a shout of laughter and Bethel wore a sheepish grin. "The bit on branding is a little hazy." Jane was suddenly serious.
"It bothers me when I see a boy, like you, struggling to compete with warriors who don't have the additional burden you do. It's not right." Bethel rested his hand on Jane's arm affectionately.
"I have had nearly six cycles to adjust to this life the warlord forced on me, Jane. I think," he added pensively, "I have coped quite well considering. At least I am still alive." Jane got to his feet and looked Bethel straight in the eye.
"More than well, and you know it," he growled. "Now what can you remember about this branding?"
"It is on the inside of the wrists." Bethel frowned in an effort of memory so didn't see the wince Jane gave. "Every time you use your hands, or fight, you are reminded to whom you will be bound and that you are a Churchik warrior who never accepts defeat."
"Maybe it is and maybe it isn't," muttered Jane. "Have you finished eating?" Bethel nodded and stretched before getting gracefully to his feet. "Then come and get ready."
After he'd pulled on the long boots and belted then pulled his knife belt round onto his left hip, Bethel knelt somewhat uncomfortably so Jane could comb out his hair. It was so long it was halfway down his back and he winced when Jane removed the riband and caught a particularly nasty snarl.
"I wish I could get it cut," Bethel grumbled, his eyes watering. "Why must he make me wear it so long?" Jane didn't answer, just rising and placing the comb on a chest.
Bethel rose, took the plumed helm Jane held out to him, rammed it on his head and then turned back to the table to pick up his tankard. He drained it, saluting Jane as he drank. Jane thought the boy looked magnificent, but he made no comment, just watching as Bethel began to walk restlessly about, too full of nervous energy to relax. He looked up at the figure in the entrance of the pavilion and waited until Bethel turned.
"Ah, young one, I see you are ready," observed Sarssen, striding forward. Bethel swung round, then stood still when Sarssen turned to Jane. "We thank you, Jane," he said quietly, before he looked back at Bethel. "You look a credit to your master, boy. Come along, your horse is outside. Go and mount him!" When Bethel left the pavilion, Sarssen lingered. "He will be back in an hour. And Jane, check his weapons most carefully."
With that, the warrior was gone. It left Jane to stare uneasily at the displayed weapons; he promised himself that none other than he or Mishak would touch them.
~~~
The hopeful warriors were in a line, seated rigidly still, only their mounts showing the fidgets. The smith waited with his slaves who were ready to pass him each branding iron as it was required. All were in waiting. Nobody moved when the warlord rode smartly in from the left, to rein his horse in directly behind the smith. His senior warriors fell in behind him.
Lodestok kneed his stallion forward and to the left, each youth he passed dipping his head as a mark of respect. The warlord paused a moment longer in front of Bethel, his eyes narrowed to slits, but the dark head stayed bowed in obeisance. The warlord rode back behind the smith.
"Begin!" he directed in a cold voice.
The smith lifted two brands from a slave and walked to the first horseman on the left, where he waited courteously while the warrior dropped his reins and bent forward, his hands held out, wrists facing the smith. When the brand pressed into each wrist and was firmly held there, the youth didn't flinch - his cheeks became chalky, he breathed very fast and his eyes dilated, but he remained motionless waiting for the branding irons to be removed.
Sarssen, watching as the smith moved slowly along the line, thought how different this was from the time Bethel was a terrified boy fighting like a wild animal when the smith neared him. Now the boy was immobile as the smith reached him, leaned forward and held out his wrists without any outward sign. Sarssen saw the boy straighten and noted with approval the young face was impassive - it was as if nothing had been done to him at all.
After another inspection by the warlord, the warriors were dismissed. Sarssen saw Bethel turn his horse and ride away with a straight back and his carriage in the saddle graceful as always. He didn't, however, see Bethel tumble from the horse at his pavilion, toss his helm to the ground and walk rapidly inside. Jane thrust the reins at the young slave, Mishak, and followed Bethel. He saw the youth bent double. At the same time as Bethel spoke, he held out his hands and sank into a chair.
"Gods, Jane, give me water for this!"
Noticing how white the boy's lips were, Jane hurriedly filled a deep basin full of water that he carried across to the still figure. Bethel gratefully thrust his hands under water, barely aware Jane pulled the cuffs of his shirt up to his elbows. When the water swirled over the brands, Bethel drew in a deep breath.
"Gods!" he whispered, his face still ashen and his eyes enormous and black. Bethel bent his head over the basin and moved his arms very gently so that the water constantly washed over the marks. Jane crouched beside him. He didn't speak and waited for Bethel to regain his composure. After a few moments, Bethel lifted his head and looked directly at Jane.
"That was the bit I forgot," he said, in a faint voice.
"What was that, lad?" A smile touched Bethel's lips.
"When I fell asleep," he explained. "I did not realise how close the veins are to the surface - the pain is excruciating." Jane rose and quietly crossed the pavilion to pick up a bottle of ointment. Bethel surprised him by shaking his head. "I forgot to have water close, Jane," he murmured, "but I do remember we may not touch these marks with any salve to ease the pain." Jane looked at him incredulously.
"How then are you to fight?" Bethel bent his head again, clenching his teeth before he responded.
"That is part of the trial to be a warrior, Jane."
"That's cruel!" exploded Jane. "What about wrestling?"
"I guess you learn very quickly not to let another touch your wrists," came the reply. Bethel lifted his head with an effort. "Please help me strip, then give me wine."
Jane quickly helped Bethel divest himself of warrior accoutrement and then carefully helped remove all clothing, until Bethel stood naked. Jane handed him the loincloth that Bethel, wincing, put on and secured before he put back his knife belt. He made no sound as Jane removed every vestige of jewellery. Next, Jane was back very quickly with a goblet. He waited for the now seated Bethel to raise his head, hands back in the water and, when he did, Jane lifted the goblet to the boy's lips and tilted it, relieved when Bethel took several large mouthfuls and sighed gratefully.
"That will teach me to fall asleep when I should pay attention," Bethel murmured, his hands still moving, Jane noticed. He also saw the gritted teeth every so often. "How long before I must be ready, Jane?"
"Not long now, lad. Not enough time to recover from that."
"That then," mumbled Bethel, "is the idea of branding us so close to competing." He tossed his head to get the mass of curls from his face. "This damned hair," he growled. "It is so long it floats in the water."
Bethel leaned forward so Jane could plait the thick mane into a queue that was long and heavy, before he tied it in a tight knot, then Bethel leaned back in the chair and closed his eyes. Tactfully, Jane went outside to retrieve the discarded helm and then again inspected the weapons.
He returned inside to see Bethel rested back, hands still in the water, still with closed eyes. When he heard someone enter the pavilion, Jane looked up to see it was an older warrior who stood there staring at Bethel. The warrior crossed to the youth and kicked him unceremoniously on the foot.
"You are due on the field," he said curtly. "On your feet, boy!" Instinctively, Bethel wrenched his hands from the basin that was upended over the ground, and stood erect, head bent and water dripping from his fingers. "Get yourself ready and tell your slave here to bring your weapons."
Bethel shot Jane a warning glance that made the older man grind his teeth, glare at the warrior who wasn't facing him and hold his peace. Instead he began to gather the weapons. Bethel shook his hands and picking up the goblet, tossed off what wine was left. His wrists throbbed unbearably and he needed a little longer to fully set pain controls in place - he knew he'd have to cope. He looked sideways at the warrior whose expression was faintly contemptuous.
"I am ready, my lord." The contempt deepened.
"Check your slave has your weapons, boy," Bethel was advised.
Bethel flushed with chagrin and obeyed, before he found himself roughly shoved towards the entrance. Outside, he and the warrior quickly mounted, the warrior watching while Bethel leaned down to take his javelin from Jane. The pain stabbed in his wrists but Bethel ignored it. It wasn't for nothing he'd endured considerably worse from his master for cycles.
"At the ground, Jane," he said quietly, applying pressure to his horse's flanks.
"Aye, lad, I'll be there. Mishak will be there to take Brun."
The warrior had already spurred his horse forward. Bethel half-turned to give Jane his peculiarly sweet and wistful smile before he followed. Jane turned to Mishak and directed him to help carry the weapons.
"Hold onto those," the boy was instructed, Jane fixing Mishak with a basilisk stare. "Let anyone touch them, boy, and I'll scalp you myself. Go now and be ready for Brun."
~~~
Most of the trials were to be held on the huge open meadow that lay behind the warlord's pavilion, where Lodestok was seated comfortably in the shelter of trees and was surrounded by his elite warriors. A tankard of ale, that he refreshed himself with liberally, was kept constantly filled by whichever haskar was closest to him. The warlord didn't notice because his eyes were on the meadow where youths lined up with javelins held high.
Bethel was the youngest going for warriorhood; the other youths were between seventeen and eighteen cycles - Bethel wasn't yet seventeen. He was, however, by far the tallest figure among them. Already the boy was as tall as the warlord and Lodestok knew the youth hadn't finished his growth, nor would he for at least another cycle. Beside the Churchik he looked a slender child, still without the trace of beard that began on the other young would-be warriors' faces. Lodestok could see his boy quite clearly and noticed, with a grim smile, that Bethel hadn't removed his knife-belt. He was the only one who ran with knives. The warriors were expected to be able to run some distance more than once and hurl the heavy javelins several times, an exercise that put strain on tortured wrists. That made the warlord smile appreciatively.
The large meadow was ringed by crowds, hundreds of them. The atmosphere was electric. It wasn't unknown for a youth to be badly hurt in the struggle to become a warrior and today danger was added by the meadow being dampened overnight. Anticipation of slips, falls and injuries was keen.
The warlord watched as the runners sprinted, losing sight of Bethel in the rush forward. Shrugging, he took a swallow from his tankard and lounged back prepared to be entertained, his eyes following the trajectories of graceful, speeding javelins across the meadow. There was no rest. The youths sprinted back and repeated the exercise, the competitors reduced in number with each run and throw. The warlord's flagging interest was revived by the sight of Bethel brought forward as the third runner out of four. Idly Lodestok watched as Bethel ran fastest but didn't throw the furthest. Amused, the warlord lounged back and drank deeply.
Wrestling was a trial of fortitude for Bethel because his long, graceful body wasn't designed for this discipline and he knew it would be an effort of sheer endurance to hold back young men built three times more powerfully than himself. What he'd learned to do was move his body sinuously and thus make it difficult for an opponent to hold him for the required length of time. He'd also learned how to avoid any spinal injury, knowing that warriors were frequently deliberately crippled by that means.
Each contestant he met seemed more formidable than the last and Bethel was sorely tested. His chest heaved. When he found himself facing Manas he knew he'd more than met his match - he was unsurprised when he was flung so hard on his back on the ground he was winded. He struggled desperately to wriggle out from under a grip that refused to give and succumbed with a sigh. Grinning at him, Manas let him go. Decidedly enervated, Bethel sat on the grass and tried to get his breath back. Sweat ran into his branded wrists which made them smart painfully - he sank back, hands to his diaphragm.
He became aware of Jane beside him with his bow and quiver, and the man also held a waterskin. With relief, Bethel gulped the icy water.
"You wrestled very well," said Jane, with an approving chuckle. Lying back on the grass, Bethel moaned. "You're a bit winded, aren't you? Take several deep breaths, but let them out slowly."
Bethel did, then, with a gusty sigh he sat, stared at his wrists, took the waterskin and poured water over the marks before he cupped his hands, filled them and splashed the water over his head and face. Then he rose and took the bow and quiver. Jane smiled encouragingly at him, watching the tall slight figure walk quickly to where Sarssen acted as marshal.
The targets were on the near side of the meadow and to the warlord's right, so Lodestok had an excellent view. Each youth could shoot his five arrows in his own time, but any delay was unacceptable, each contestant expected to step to his mark and follow through with precision and speed.
The warlord kept his eye on Bethel whom he could see quite clearly. Not for nothing had Sarssen taught Bethel archery. The boy was calm and methodical, and arched his bow with seemingly little effort. He went into the second round, then the third, and was finally in a play off for success. There was a breathless hush when Bethel stepped forward again, his arrows fired in an almost continuous stream. The warlord's face wore an odd smile when he saw his boy won and he turned briefly from the field.
Jane was waiting. Bethel's axe rested blade-first on the ground. Bethel walked slowly to him from the targets. Jane, noticing he still wore his knife-belt, offered to take it, but was met with a gentle shake of the dark head.
"It never goes off me except at night when I'm with the warlord, Jane. You know that," Bethel reproved quietly. Jane looked at the long, lean figure and gnawed on his lower lip.
"Lad, it may hinder you in an axe fight. These Churchik play for keeps," he said urgently. Thinking, Bethel frowned then he gave Jane a searching look.
"If you will wear it for me, Jane, I will," he said finally and unwillingly. Jane looked highly relieved and held out his hand patiently while Bethel unbuckled the belt and watched as Jane put it round his waist. He hefted the axe and turned to go, a faint smile in already tired eyes.
"Beth," called out Jane softly. Bethel glanced back over his shoulder. "Beware the wet grass." Bethel nodded.
The anticipation amongst the onlookers swelled with the advent of the axe fights, because they were always dangerous, youths not hesitating to cut at an opponent in any way they could. Bethel knew Churchik boys played with axes the way Samar children played with toys and he was under no illusions about what he now faced or his opponents.
The youths had to be very quick and light on their feet. In this Bethel had the advantage of being slender and lithe, but Churchik young were stockier built with considerably more power to their thrusts. Up to this point, none of those competing had encountered a personal frontal attack with a weapon. That had changed. Bethel eyed his adversary and saw in the pale blue eyes a ruthless desire to quickly cripple him.
He moved cautiously and was quick to jump when the axe was swept in a circle at his legs. Once he was too slow, was caught a glancing but extremely painful blow on the shin and suffered pain that lanced up his leg. He fell back, a little troubled by it. His opponent saw his advantage and rushed forward with his axe poised to strike. Bethel immediately feinted, turned, and lifting his axe, swung it, all in one rapid movement. The blade of his axe missed the Churchik's arm, but the head of it didn't. The warrior's axe arm fell and his axe flew a short distance before settling in the dirt. There was a look of frozen fury when he went to retrieve it. In minutes Bethel disabled him, until with a grunt the warrior conceded, his look at Bethel unforgiving.
The next fight was even harder. Bethel panted with exertion. Twice he slipped on the grass and got cut. Three times he caught glancing blows that badly shook him. Neither youth could disable the other and the battle seemed endless. Sweat trickled into Bethel's eyes, his wrists ached viciously and he knew he bled. Relentlessly the fight went on. Neither youth gained an advantage. Bethel stood gasping for air, only vaguely aware his opponent was in a similar condition, too exhausted to lift his axe. It was only when they were both too weak to do other than grapple aimlessly, because neither could wield an axe, that hands pulled them apart and they were both flung backwards.
Bethel staggered to his left, then felt a guiding hand on his arm. He knew it was Jane. He let himself be led to one side where he crouched, nearly reeling to one side except for hands that supported him. He felt other hands shove him backwards, then knew a waterskin was pushed at his mouth.
"Enough," he gasped. Hands tried to help him sit, but he brushed them away. "Leave me!" he said in a fierce whisper, bringing up his knees and bending over them as he tried to recover his breath. Where he'd taken a nasty crack on his left arm and shoulder hurt and he was conscious of searing pain. He gripped just above his wrist. Someone proffered more water. "No more, damn you!" Bethel snarled. "Do not cosset me!" He struggled to his feet and stood uncertainly, brushing an unsteady hand across his eyes. "Give me my sword!" he demanded.
Wisely, Jane handed it over and stood back, his eyes on the tense, strained young face. He realised he'd never seen the gentle face so grim, or the attractive mouth set in such hard lines.
"Have a care, Beth," he said in an under-voice. He doubted Bethel even heard.
The sword fights were fast and furious, hurt almost inevitable at this stage of the trials. The youths already carried cuts, slashes, deeper wounds and burgeoning bruises, and not one of them thought of anything other than survival. Getting through the trial was all that mattered. They'd all been forced to fast, too, and this began to tell.
The thrust and parry was vicious. Bethel was as good a fighter as any other, usually graceful and deft in his swordplay and with a flexible wrist, but today his wrist was more drawback than blessing. He was often clumsy and missed openings, and though he cut at his opponents he was cut himself. He struggled to hold his own.
In the last bout, when he felt his feet were leaden and he had little strength left, Bethel was caught a slashing cut across his right shoulder. The warrior stepped back satisfied, lowered his sword, and turned from Bethel in a casual way. The anger Bethel had locked inside, since Sasqua a cycle before, resurfaced with the surge of pain that shot through him. He ignored the pain and the blood and turned on his opponent with a fury that startled everyone close by. The warrior was beaten back until he fell into one of the Churchik judges and when he parried, Bethel gave a quick flick of his wrist. It was sheer agony. He seemed outside himself as he struck his opponent's weapon from his hand. Bethel stood panting, his anger gone as fast as it came. Shakily, he stepped back. He didn't see Lodestok's expression of utter surprise and approval, nor those of the haskars who came closer to watch the sword fights.
He was given no time between that fight and the trial of knives, only dimly aware Jane buckled on his knife-belt and spoke to him. He found himself standing on guard, awaiting the order to draw his first knife. Each warrior had six knives and each of those had to make contact with an opponent. Battle was thoroughly drawn, exhaustion apparent in the stance of each youth and pain etched on dusty, grim faces. Lips were drawn back in grimaces and in the eyes was fierce determination that warred with disorientation.
There was bloodlust in the eyes of Bethel's second opponent, Kone. They circled each other warily, neither attempting to make an immediate strike. Kone tried to trip Bethel, but Bethel backed, turned round suddenly and raised his hand. Youths could throw a knife, cut with it, or use it as a stabbing weapon. Bethel went on tiptoe, and, as he threw himself backwards, he spun in the air and threw the first knife. It neatly embedded itself in the fleshy part of Kone's thigh. Kone's nostrils flared. He yanked the knife out and threw it to one side before he closed with Bethel again, circling and lunging. Lodestok's concentration was intense. Bethel was unaware of anyone other than Kone.
Kone's first successful lunge cut Bethel across the inside of his left wrist, Bethel barely able to suppress a scream as blood welled up through the brand and began to drip to the ground. Scarcely able to see through the haze of pain, Bethel could discern the cut was neither deep nor critical, just extremely painful. He stood still. He breathed deeply. His eyes shut briefly before he signalled he was ready to continue.
The fight took on a grim earnestness. Kone's second knife caught Bethel across the left cheek and that made Bethel coldly angry. Kone showed he meant not just to disable Bethel - he aimed not to cut, but to disfigure. Bethel always knew, over the cycles as he matured and occasionally trained with the Churchik, that many of those he worked with deeply resented his presence and training as one of them. In training, the dislike was controlled. In this contest, it wasn't. Any attack was valid, provided it brought the desired result. Scarring the warlord's boy was the best way to ensure that young slave's demise.
Instinctively, Bethel knew the knife fights would make or break him. A grim little smile came to his lips. Anyone who'd seen him wake beside the warlord this morning could've been forgiven for not recognising him now, his thin face white under the coating of dust and sweat and his eyes burning huge and almost black as he struggled round, then backwards and forwards. Other bouts finished before this one. The other combatants gathered round and watched. Each opponent had five knives down and one to go. Lodestok was motionless.
Bethel slipped on damp grass made greasier by their blood. As he did, Kone bore down on him with his knife poised. Bethel couldn't throw off Kone's enormously powerful torso; it pinned him to the ground in a way that almost crushed the breath from him. Momentarily, Bethel forgot where he was and just lay there, helpless in the way he so often was with the warlord, then, acting on survival instinct alone, he did what he'd always wanted to but with Lodestok couldn't. He sharply brought up his knife into the groin of his adversary.
Kone gave a grunt. His knife arm crashed down across Bethel's head and stunned him, the knife flying free as Kone's full weight trapped Bethel flat on the grass. Bethel knew little until he felt hands pull at him roughly and drag him out from under, then felt water thrown over his head before he was yanked to his feet and sharply shaken. He shook his head because he couldn't see, the vision he had of what he thought was a senior warrior very hazy. He felt a waterskin at his hands and fumbled clumsily at it.
"Drink!" he was curtly bade. Bethel drank deeply, then handed the skin back to where he thought the warrior now stood.
"Are you able to continue?" came the same deep voice.
"I cannot see, my lord," murmured Bethel, shaking his head again. "In a minute, my lord. I ask for a minute." He rubbed his eyes and tried to focus on the warrior who was still a blur.
"Put back his knives," the warrior ordered Jane, who hovered anxiously behind Bethel. "He has a few minutes to be ready. See to your warrior, slave." When the warrior strode off, Bethel turned blindly, looking for Jane.
"Jane?" he called.
"I'm here, lad, I'm here. Sit." Bethel needed no prompting and sank where he stood. "Lie," urged Jane, pulling the boy backwards.
Bethel closed his eyes. He began breath control he'd been taught by Morjah. He gritted his teeth and forced himself to concentrate. Jane watched. He knew better than to speak. After only a few minutes, Bethel opened his eyes, to blink wearily up at the stocky figure affectionately regarding him.
"Gods, Jane," he whispered huskily. "How much more is there?" Jane's regard was steady.
"Can you see yet, Beth?" he simply asked quietly.
"Aye, lad," said Bethel, mimicking Jane in the thread of a voice. He saw he made Jane grin and briefly smiled himself.
"Aye, that's my lad," agreed Jane, stooping with his hand out. "On your feet, Beth. It's time for you to be at your stand and ready."
Bethel knew he weakened. He bled from numerous cuts, had lost a fair amount of blood since the beginning of the trial and being stunned knocked him hard. His wrists ground down his efforts at pain resistance. When he faced up to his next opponent it was with this in mind that he attacked. Lasca had the same idea. He copied Bethel and vice versa. They were evenly matched and neither gave ground in a slipping and slashing round that neither knew who won. Not at any stage did Bethel feel Lasca meant him harm.
No one warned Bethel that his final adversary would be Manas. Thus it was that when Bethel turned to salute his last opponent, he found himself looking across at his friend. Bethel stood motionless. He was already very pale, but he whitened and there was blankness in his eyes.
"Oh gods," he whispered, trying to read Manas' expression.
Manas saluted him back. His face was grimly set and there was no recognition in his eyes. The order to attack was barked and Manas launched himself at Bethel with a snarl, rushing Bethel back and slashing him very hard across his fighting arm. While Bethel stood stupidly, Manas head butted him, knocked him to the ground and cut him with his second knife across the left buttock. While Bethel lay unmoving, Manas drew a third knife. He held Bethel pinned to the ground by his right hand and shoulder, and then, quite deliberately and with a gleam in his eyes, he twice cut Bethel across his wrist mark.
The warlord, who had backed to a seat, was on his feet in a fury that saw him draw his lips back in a snarl. He strode up and down. His warriors sensibly backed to give him room. Lodestok stalked purposefully towards the contestants.
Bethel lay sobbing for breath and stared up into the glinting eyes, the pain from his wrist acting like a catalyst in an unexpected way. The cycles rolled back and Bethel saw himself as an undefended boy, spat on, humiliated, and fighting a flaxen-haired boy who'd drawn a knife on him. Rage and pain shook Bethel.
He threw off Manas and stumbled to his feet, his first knife purposefully held. He'd no exact recollection of what he did. He just knew he launched himself at Manas, at one stage grasping him round the throat as they wove backwards and forwards in a furious struggle. He remembered hauling Manas down by the hair and marking the young Churchik's throat with his fourth knife, while with his fifth he cut across Manas' fighting wrist in the same way Manas cut him. He sprang clear when Manas got to his feet, fury in his eyes as great as the anger that drove Bethel. The warlord was almost beside them. He now stood still, intent.
This ceased to be a warrior trial. It was a personal struggle for Bethel and the settling of an old score from boyhood. A stubborn refusal to be beaten again gripped him. It wouldn't let him yield. Both fell back and closed repeatedly to the point where they were both so exhausted they leaned on each other as they fought, grappling and tugging. The final cuts happened simultaneously, but neither youth stopped. They were unceremoniously hauled apart and backwards, both getting a hard backhander across the face as a reminder they instantly respond to an order. Manas mumbled something as he rubbed his cheek.
"You were given an order, warriors. Obey it!" Bethel stumbled. The rage that sustained him drained on the instant the hand hit him.
"I did not hear," he muttered, through lips that felt cracked.
"Well for you," was the uncompromising comment as Bethel felt himself turned and shoved; he took a few steps then stood still, completely disoriented and deeply confused.
~~~
Jane helped Bethel to the edge of the meadow where Mishak stood guard over weapons and Bethel's clothes. On Jane's order, Mishak knelt so Bethel's head and shoulders rested in the boy's lap. Bethel made no move other than to flinch as Jane tended to the most obvious of his injuries, a few deep gashes that would take a longer healing, but others superficial - there were many of these. Jane's main objective was to get Bethel back on his feet for the horse trials and displays, as well as the chariot race that he could see was being organised over by the warlord's pavilion.
Bethel closed his eyes and let himself slip away, barely aware he groaned when Jane tended to his wrists. When he let awareness return, he lay back with a sigh, too tired to converse, but allowed himself to be coaxed into clothes and watched as Mishak pulled on the long boots. Jane held a wineskin to Bethel's mouth. Bethel took it with a wan smile and drank thankfully, leaning back on one elbow, the lace edging to his shirt cuffs falling back to show strips Jane had bound over the brands. Bethel grimaced when Mishak began to lace the boots.
"Not too tight, that's a good boy," said Bethel, pulling himself upright.
Fully clad as a warrior, Bethel stood erect, his gaze on the gathering chariots and horses.
"Beth, your hair," reminded Jane gently. Bethel frowned down in obvious displeasure.
"Leave it, Jane."
"As a warrior riding his stallion, as well as being in his chariot, lad, your hair flows free. Grown men and warriors let their hair loose."
"None of them," grumbled Bethel, going painfully to his knees, "has grown a mane as long as mine."
"True," agreed Jane, his fingers at work unknotting and unplaiting the damp, dusty queue. "None can compete with you there, Beth!" The hair tumbled free and the curls sprang wildly about Bethel's chest and shoulders.
Bethel got to his feet, tiredness seeping through every part of him as he turned to look back across the meadow, his expression thoughtful.
"Let us hope to the gods I do not fall out of my chariot later," he said quietly. "They have half-broken colts there." When Jane grinned up at him, Bethel's face broke into a smile in response. "I am more than sore enough, Jane, without that!"
"Lad, you are a warrior, and warriors don't fall out of chariots."
In spite of his creeping exhaustion, Bethel laughed and his hand went out to grip Jane's shoulder affectionately. Then he settled his knife-belt comfortably and, in company with Jane, began to walk across the meadow to where he could see horses with riders being marshalled. Mishak followed at a respectful distance.
~~~
Set a distance back on a hill beyond the Churchik camp a trio of northerners, quietly vigilant, had carefully watched southern security sweeps for the last forty-eight hours, the riders, clearly warriors, alternating their routes and directions from one day to the next. The trio kept a respectful distance and were only in near view of the camp for one day and for a specific reason. Discretion was part of every man who made up Eli's network. Intelligence had told Eli that warrior aspirants among the Churchik would compete this day and there was considerable interest, among the northerners, as to whether one of their own would be among the contenders.
As they were some distance from the camp, so couldn't see specific elements of actual competition, they knew, from accurate reports, that the horse trials would be visible for brief, but significant, glimpses through the woods below them. They could see, in vague outline, obstacles set along a meandering course that wound, sometimes round very sharp corners, alongside a broad stream riders also had to ford further from view.
The northerners heard that riders had to perform solo on horseback, without saddles, doing intricate manoeuvres of equine obedience and rider control, across a specially prepared arena. This extremely intricate and delicate display of horsemanship was followed by a timed trial of jumping over specially constructed fences, one point six metres in height, these disassembled and carried with the army. Getting over the fences required consummate riding skill, because each jump was deliberately placed to ensure horse and rider got the pace absolutely right for it. The turns were sharp. For this the horses carried saddles.
After gruelling trials of sheer endurance, that began early in the morning, the northerners would then see warriors race, against time, over a range of obstacles that was a test of both horse and rider. The finale, as far as the northerners could tell, would be a chariot race they wouldn't see. They could only marvel at what the contenders for warriorhood had to cope with, after a day of fasting and meditation, and then having their wrists branded immediately prior to competition. It engendered reluctant respect.
So now the northerners waited with anticipation, late in the day, because the time for the first of the riders to come into view drew close. The first rider they distantly heard, thundering hooves coming nearer, caused a rapid move to the crest of the hill where the men threw themselves down, up on elbows, all with field glasses at the ready and intently focused.
There was silence as they watched. They saw a few near misses, the young men hanging on with grim determination, their blonde hair, still short, loose and caked with dust. The men waited, not sure how many riders would pass. It was the eleventh rider who caught and held their attention. Even from where they were, the men could see a very tall figure, with an unruly, dust-coated mane of exceptionally long black hair flying out behind him, come at speed round a corner, the watchers catching their breath at the sight of him crouched forward on a magnificent chestnut. The stallion looked big and powerful with an unusually long mane and tail and he was at full gallop. The men watched the rider slow his mount and gather him in, before letting the horse surge forward into the jump and gallop again. There was no hesitation at that jump, nor the next, before the rider disappeared.
The men stayed to watch until no other riders appeared, then quietly melted away from the hilltop, riding back to their camp so a report could be made to the Marshal. The trio had thoughtful expressions. The young dark-haired rider was no Churchik. It indeed seemed the Strategos' younger brother was no ordinary survivor and was certainly a consummate horseman from what they could see. Eli would be intrigued by the stallion, the power of him clear as he jumped with ease, and the Marshal would be as stunned as everyone else that a non-Churchik may have achieved the unthinkable - warriorhood. And he had managed that, against all odds, among one of the most ruthless and martial people on Ambros. It was, truly, a remarkable feat never achieved before.
~~~
The chariot race was a grand finale intended more for the spectators than the participants. Two tracks were set up so a pair could race at once. Usually two horses were harnessed to a chariot, but today there was only one attached to a lighter chariot. None of the young warriors had been permitted to choose either chariot or horse - it was a test of handling skills and courage rather than an exercise in brute strength. Bethel had lived among the Churchik long enough to know that though they prized physical prowess above all else, the handling of horses came a close second.
Bethel wasn't one of the first called, so had time to lounge on the grass, lean back on his elbows and watch how the others handled themselves. Even though his wrists ached and throbbed, he felt somehow detached from the pain. There was a glow of satisfaction about the still figure that chewed meditatively on a grass stalk. Bethel knew he was still the warlord's possession and acknowledged he'd likely die as such, but he'd proved to himself, and to that same exacting warlord, that he could compete in this alien society and he could do so successfully. That gave Bethel a sense of deep pride.
He threw the rest of the grass stalk away and watched critically as two chariots bumped and swayed their way across very rough and uneven ground. Bethel had already guessed that the most treacherous piece of turf had been chosen. It was a weaving course, too, and so far no one had successfully negotiated it without at least one tumble or the chariot collapsing over sideways. It all caused much mirth among the onlookers, who cheered or jeered impartially.
Bethel felt slight queasiness when he realised how on display he would be again shortly. He recognised the warlord's huge form outlined against the pavilion and his heart pounded uncomfortably when he heard his name called and saw that form turn and look intently in his direction. He knew Lodestok was close at the solo equestrian display as Bethel made Brun go balletically through their routines without a mis-step, each transition fluid, graceful and faultless. He caught the warlord's approving smile and found he involuntarily responded to it. Lodestok was again very close as Bethel and Brun went over the jumps, theirs the third best round with only a small time penalty. Again, Bethel glanced to where he knew the warlord lounged on a post. He nodded at his slave as Bethel rode past.
Trying to quell a sudden and sickening fit of nerves, Bethel strode to where he was directed; a slave held a fretting horse that reared up between the shafts of the chariot, trying to kick the floor out of it. Immediately Bethel gently touched the horse, stroked it and murmured to it, his nerves calmed. The slave still held the animal as best he could, but the half-broken horse was much too strong for him as he strained and nearly got knocked sideways. Bethel swung himself up into the chariot and grasped the reins.
"Let him go!" he ordered sharply, as the horse plunged. The slave willingly obeyed the command, ducking from sight instantly. Bethel held the reins tightly, refused to let the colt control him and forced the animal to quieten. When the flag was raised, Bethel eased the tension and let the horse go, not too fast, but quickly enough to get rid of the horse's fretting impatience.
With the chariot bouncing about Bethel had considerable difficulty keeping himself steady on his feet. He was thrown from side to side, as the horse wound round spikes deliberately placed close together in a series of curves, Bethel too preoccupied with trying to guide and control his horse to notice what his opponent was doing. He closed his mind to the roar of sound around him as he struggled to concentrate.
He managed very well until nearly three-quarters the way through the race, when the chariot suddenly bounced off a singularly deep rut, Bethel was thrown forward over the front of the chariot and flung against the rear of the galloping horse. The colt panicked and began to bolt. Without thinking, Bethel abandoned the chariot, clung to the horse and clawed his way forward onto the animal's back. Once astride, he then spent his energy struggling to bring the terrified animal under control and, if he could, to a halt. He finally brought the careering horse and partly demolished chariot to a standstill.
The colt was in a lather and rolled its eyes when Bethel dismounted and went to its head. He stood beside the trembling animal, talking quietly and gently to it until it calmed and lipped him. Bethel knew his opponent streaked past moments before, but suddenly he simply didn't care because it no longer mattered who won, so, in his own time, and when he thought the horse was ready, Bethel kept the reins slack while he clambered into the remains of the chariot and finished the race very slowly. Across the finish line, he jumped from the chariot and went immediately to the horse, his hand to the animal's head.
"Well done, young one," he murmured into the colt's ear, his hand caressing the long nose.
"Well done indeed, young one," came a voice close to Bethel.
Bethel turned, pulled off his helm, shook his hair free then looked at who'd spoken to him. Surprised, he saw it was a haskar named Esok who stood quietly beside him. Esok rarely smiled and he didn't now, but he did put his hand on Bethel's shoulder and it wasn't an unkind gesture.
"You handled a raw, young horse with rare skill, boy," he said coolly, taking his hand away. Bethel blushed. "The colt is mine. That was well done, young warrior."
With that the haskar turned and walked away, but it left Bethel breathless because he realised, for the first time, that indeed he was now a warrior. The ceremony for full warriorhood was still to come, but Bethel knew that for him the cycles of training and beatings that went with it, relentless and at times cruel, were over. He also knew, having watched full warriors drill and train, there would be more to come in full measure and whips would flail just as much as they ever did for the slightest mistake.


CHAPTER NINE

It was nearly three cycles since Luton was in company with anybody, his life at the Keep solitary. His world was a room where he learned everything he was set, because he knew it was his only chance of survival. Now, away from such rigid confinement, he walked easily. Distance didn't trouble him and he felt no discomfort on his scarred soles. Nor did he tire. After a time he thought he saw a horseman approach, so quickly adjusted the image in his mind more clearly so he could see who the rider was and whether he was alone. When the horseman came closer, Luton stopped and waited, until the rider dismounted and came over to him with a look of what Luton thought was welcome.
To Kher's astonishment, Luton placed his hands on the haskar's temples and Kher heard the youth speak for the first time. The voice was cool, deep and had a velvet quality. It badly jolted Kher.
"You must be Haskar Kher. Is that correct?"
Luton's dark eyes met the Churchik warrior's blue ones. He saw a spasm of uneasiness and distress cross the older man's features, because Kher was about to extend his hand out to Luton in a sign of friendship and recognition, but all the haskar saw were dark eyes that stared at him with Blach's coldness.
With a shiver, Kher replied in a neutral tone, "I am Kher. You must be Luton."
"Yes." The voice in Kher's mind was emotionless. "You think you know me, Kher. You don't. I've never met you."
"No," agreed Kher, a faint break in his voice. "I have made a mistake."
"I was born at the Keep and have never left there. I'm the sorcerer's mute slave. I belong to him."
"I see," said Kher, with an effort.
"We are to travel together?"
"Yes."
"Are you alone?"
"No, Luton, I have my men with me as I always do."
"Let's find them."
Luton began to walk again but when Kher touched his arm he whirled around, his eyes icy. He vehemently shook his head. Kher was shaken and stood back.
"I was offering you my horse," he said, after a moment.
Luton looked meditatively at him, then turned away and began walking again. Kher shrugged, mounted his horse and kept back enough so Luton could be ahead of him and he could contemplate the tall, slight figure from behind.
He sensed power in the young man, but felt an aching loss for himself. Profound sadness washed over him. Over the seasons Luton was with him, he'd come to care very deeply for the tormented boy he'd brought south and had looked forward to seeing the boy again. He'd felt a yearning to be with Luton, but now he looked at one who regarded him as a stranger, someone without emotion and without memory. Kher wondered if perhaps how Luton appeared now was actually a kindness to the boy.
They came upon the men soon enough, Kher spurring his horse forward so he could speak to them before Luton joined them. They sat their horses comfortably and listened with schooled expressions when Kher spoke briefly and tersely. When Luton came up to them, he stared blankly at each face, before he saw Kher indicate a horse held by Abek.
Without recognition, Luton mounted the horse. The horse, the warriors noticed with interest, responded immediately to Luton, whickering at him. When it whinnied quietly, Luton, without being aware what he did, stroked it as he'd always done. Kher drew in a breath, but neither spoke nor trusted himself to look at his men.
At one stage or another, all the warriors studied Luton curiously, their fascination showing in their eyes. Every so often, Luton's glance would take in one or other of the warriors, in a way that made Kher feel an uncomfortable sensation of being analysed.
~~~
Their first camp was south of the desert where Kher once left Luton with his new master. Kher recalled his sense of foreboding at leaving the boy and knew his misgivings hadn't misled him. He pushed the unwelcome memory away. They were in a shallow valley with stands of trees that stretched up the hills and beyond, almost to their peaks. It was isolated and peaceful. Kher saw Luton take a very deep breath of what he assumed was as near to pleasure as this youth was allowed to feel.
Luton did none of the things he'd done as a slave boy, accepting the unsel pitched for him and acknowledging food with a nod of his head, the nod familiar to the Churchik but the authority that went with it wasn't. After he'd eaten, Luton went for a long walk up to the first line of trees. Kher's instinct was to send one of the warriors with him, but then he changed his mind and just watched the dwindling figure instead. It was a solitary form he followed. Lus let out his breath.
"My lord," he murmured.
"Not the same boy," Kher said softly, then he sighed. "There, men, is a youth with power. He is a somewhat alarming figure, is he not?"
"What has been done to him, my lord?" asked Abek, a hand stroking his beard. "Apart from his looks and the head movements, I would not have known him."
"And he does not know us, my lord, does he?" asked Emil. He shivered. "You can see in his eyes that he does not recognise us."
"The horse knew him," argued Han.
"Yes, but did he recognise his horse?" retorted Lus.
"Strangely enough," murmured Kher, "I think something in him responded instinctively to the horse. You notice how he is when he is alone in the wilderness. That is not so different either. He was always closely attuned to nature in an odd way."
"How could he forget everything he ever knew?" queried Abek.
"With power, you can totally alter someone's mind." Kher spoke so quietly it made his men shiver anew. "That boy's mind has been changed and completely re-shaped to serve the wishes of his master. I wonder how much of the boy is left, if any?" The warriors heard the sadness in the haskar's voice and prudently stayed quiet. "Of course he does not know us, men. His ability to remember and his emotions have been drained. Though he is not allowed to feel, he still can sense his surroundings which suggests the power of Ambros should not be taken lightly or ignored."
"It is sad to see him so, my lord," murmured Emil, with a twisted smile. "It would be fair to say we all came to feel something for the boy and still do."
"He is tragically abused, Acedar," replied Kher. "I would wish it had been otherwise." He turned abruptly away, his eyes back on the distant figure as it reached the first line of trees and paused.
Luton threw himself down on the ground, to absorb the strength and peace he felt from contact with it. He found he liked being away from the Keep where not so much as a blade of grass grew. Here, he could laze back in long grass where flowers, whose scents were unfamiliar, dotted the ground all about him, and insects, such as he'd never seen, hovered overhead. The clouds above kept his head turned upwards, because to him they were new and quite unknown.
His senses revelled in the novelty of where he found himself, though nothing triggered a response of who or what he was. He was merely aware of peace within that was unexpected. His enhanced perceptions made this experience a delight, though he was unable to express pleasure or to feel it in the way others did. What the ground gave Luton was something even Malekim would've found elusive, because the young man shouldn't have responded this way, and the fact that he did, so strongly, would have concerned the sorcerer.
Luton lay still, his eyes staring at the clouds as they scudded past. The Keep was in such a hot spot and the sun poured out such endless energy, Luton couldn't remember anything other than sweltering and torrid heat day after day. Here there was warmth, but it was tempered by a cooling breeze that blew across his face and stirred his curls in a sensation he liked.
Back with the warriors, he sat to one side of the small fire, his eyes watchful and taking in every move the men made. Later, Han confessed to Kher that it made him distinctly nervous. Kher crossed to Luton with a tankard in his hand - he stood waiting for a response and made no endeavour to do or say anything. Luton looked up and politely nodded. The haskar sat beside Luton and offered him the tankard. It was taken with another nod. Luton placed it to one side and leaning forward, touched Kher on the temples again, his touch feather-light.
"You are all Churchik, are you not?" came softly into Kher's mind. "I have read much of you."
Kher suddenly thought of the devastating fear this boy once had of warriors and felt pain gnaw at him that he hurriedly suppressed.
"Yes," he responded in his bass voice. "We are."
"The Master isn't."
"No."
"I don't wish to be rude, but I'm unused to conversing with others. I've spent my life alone in my room where I'm made to study, mostly without rest, so I feel uncomfortable around others. My solitary existence has made me so." A wave of pity for Luton swept over Kher, but he kept his response neutral.
"I see," he said quietly. "Do you not shake or nod your head -." He broke off, aware he'd almost said `anymore` and only stopped himself in time.
"It's not permitted. My master punishes me if I disobey him. He speaks to me in my mind, as I'm doing with you. I must respond in the same way. Do you wish me to nod and shake my head?"
"No, Luton," replied Kher gently. "Just let me know if there is anything you need and I shall try to do as you would wish." He sensed nothing in his mind, though the youth's hands still held his head, then he heard the young deep voice clearly.
"You still think you know me, don't you?" came the unexpected question. Kher was in a quandary because he knew he couldn't lie to one who had the power this youth had. He temporised, but was honest.
"I did know someone very like you two or three cycles ago, Luton. He was a slave boy I cared for and like you he had dark hair and black eyes. He, too, was mute."
"I'm Blach's slave and I'm a mute."
"I accept that is so, boy."
"What was the slave's name?"
"He did not answer to a name as such. He just nodded and shook his head. We called him `boy`." Kher allowed that lie to slip through.
"What happened to him?" Kher could answer that honestly enough.
"I will never know."
"Your feelings for that slave boy run very deep. You mourn his loss as though he was your own."
Kher was profoundly relieved when Luton took his hands away and rolled reflectively onto his stomach, in an attitude that caused the haskar yet another wrench because of its familiarity. Kher had never questioned the depth or validity of his emotional response to the boy, but he was now caught in tides of feeling he found difficult to control because they ebbed and flowed strongly within.
To calm himself, Kher crossed to the fire and helped himself to a tankard of badran, then sat opposite Luton from where he could study the young face. Luton came up on his elbows so he could drink. He paused, then sipped again. He looked over at Kher with upraised eyebrows.
"It is badran, Luton. We drink it all the time. Have you never tasted it?" To the haskar's surprise, Luton actually shook his head before he drank again, this time more deeply. "Do you like it?" Luton nodded. "You may have as much as you wish, but do not overdo it because it has an effect that is quite unpleasant." Luton nodded again. Kher had the oddest sensation that time had turned around and was going backwards. He drank.
Kher realised that everything was new to Luton, with his memory going to the Keep and not beyond. He absorbed like a sponge, often touching Kher to ask questions. When things were done for him, he accepted that as passively as the young Luton and if he was gently directed to do anything, he didn't question it, turning to obey immediately. The one aspect of Luton that hadn't changed was that he still never smiled.
Travelling further south was no hardship, Luton adapting to the Churchik routine without obvious distress, though he always kept to himself and was uneasy close to others. He frequently took off on his own. Kher fretted over this once they came to small towns, concerned for Luton once they reached a city, but when he suggested that it might be best if Luton stayed closer he got an odd look from the young man and the shake of the dark head.
"I can care for myself," came the thought in Kher's mind. Kher stared fixedly at Luton and then shrugged.
~~~
It was a long trip that would take them to Chika, a city that was the hub of the slave trade and had made its wealth from the degradation and distress of thousands. It was to Chika that merchants went from all over Churchik and conquered lands, haggling and squabbling over the best buys at the market, before taking their slave booty on yet another caravan to other cities where they'd be sold.
Chika was famous for its boy market where pretty boys, from all over Ambros, brought wealth to the traders and sparkles to the eyes of those who ran the boy harems. The slave markets were always busy. They were a meeting place for warriors and their families where Churchik looked over the goods for sale, prodding and handling them with callous indifference. Kher wondered how Luton would deal with Chika when he saw slaves like himself for sale.
There was only one episode on the trip where Kher thought Luton's calm assurance seemed to desert him. The riders came through a cleft between two low ridges, the way rather rough and unkempt because it wasn't the regular trail Kher chose to follow. The horses had to be carefully guided around boulders and strewn rocks, there was scrubby vegetation and a few stunted trees with twisted limbs, but it wasn't an especially appealing landscape.
The wind had a nip to it. Some miles back, Kher handed Luton a cloak. Luton nodded his thanks. Kher noticed again how frail the young man really was - he wasn't thin as such, it was just frailty that concerned the haskar. He knew Luton would never be strong and when he saw him shiver, without being aware how cold he was, Kher saw how dangerous that could be. The haskar was aware he'd have to monitor Luton closely. As they rode, the wind gusts became more buffeting and the temperature dropped sharply. Kher put up his hand for a halt.
The haskar stared about at the barren land, his hand up to his beard in a thoughtful gesture. Then he swivelled in the saddle and ordered a stop, while he assessed how far they would be from shelter if the conditions worsened. The warriors dismounted. Luton absently gathered reins and began to lead the horses a short distance to a cluster of extremely thorny bushes where he tethered them. Kher stood still ruminatively, but his thoughts were interrupted by Abek.
"My lord, the boy has not done that before." Kher looked round surprised.
"Done what?"
"As a slave boy he always cared for the horses. It is as if the boy remembers and has slipped back for a moment." Kher turned to watch Luton carefully caring for their mounts and a slight smile came to his eyes.
"We can hope what you say is correct, Acedar, because if it is, it means all that boy was has not been totally destroyed." Abek chewed his lower lip, glanced again at Luton and then walked away. Kher still watched Luton.
It was as Kher stood there, that he noticed a solitary rider come into view from the south. Luton's head came up, but though his eyes remained riveted to the rider who came unhurriedly at a leisurely pace, he remained unconcerned, finished tethering the horses and made no effort to move. Kher stayed watchful because Luton wasn't immediately close, but the other warriors just sat quietly, their cloaks tightly round them for protection from the pronounced chill. As the rider approached Luton, Kher quietly and unobtrusively made his way towards the young one.
Kher kept his eye warily on the rider who picked his way carefully through rocks and an outcropping, before he came to a stop alongside Luton. Luton looked up into deep, meditative green eyes that smiled lazily into his. The rider was broad-shouldered and had a calm, soothing voice.
"Are you headed south, young man?"
Luton's head had gone down but it came up at the question, his dark eyes staring searchingly into the face above him. When the rider looked into Luton's black eyes and held the contact, his green eyes seemed to pierce to the core of the younger man's being, Luton aware of a disturbance, so far down in his subconscious, he felt a split second of indescribable pain. Kher saw that he flinched and gave a faint shudder before he blinked. As soon as Luton felt the sensation, it was gone. He blinked rapidly again.
The rider, meanwhile, lounged at ease in the saddle, his eyes staring into the distance. Luton ran a hand over newly grown fluff on his chin then touched the rider's arm, pointed to his mouth and shook his head.
"Can't you speak, young man?" Luton shrugged, his eyes coldly indifferent. "Well, lad, if you're going south, you should know there's a hellish wind blowing up. You'd do well to find some shelter." Luton was unresponsive. Kher came up to them and looked coolly up at the rider.
"Who might you be, stranger?" he asked curtly, though there was no discourtesy in his voice. "You ride an unfamiliar route that few seldom choose."
The rider brought his gaze to bear on the Churchik in a way that gave Kher the strangest feeling this man read his every thought. It was an idle fancy that swiftly passed.
"I'm a rover for a caravan coming up from the south with supplies for the warlord's army."
"What were you telling the boy?" The rider smiled pleasantly.
"That there's a very strong storm coming up. It'll be on you in less than an hour."
Kher frowned and turned to look south. It hadn't looked as inky when they'd first stopped, he was sure of that. Indeed now it did appear that a nasty storm brewed, huge black clouds built quite fast and the air had got cold. The haskar was concerned for Luton. He decided seeking shelter was an urgent priority and looked up at the rider who stared blandly ahead again, the expression on his face unreadable.
"Did you see any shelter as you came north, stranger?"
"Oh yes," smiled the rider, his glance coming back to Kher. "A half mile farther on you'll find caves set under the ridges. They'll shelter you." He laughed. "There's plenty of wood around for you too."
"Where will you go?" asked Kher, studying the still smiling face.
"I'll find somewhere," the rider responded absently. "I usually do." Kher wondered at himself when he heard himself speak involuntarily.
"The storm looks vicious. You could join us if you wish." The rider looked briefly at Kher and he seemed pensive.
"I'll lead you if you like," he offered. "That'll get you under shelter faster. You can call me Mensak - most other folk do." With that he turned his horse and began to ride back the way he'd come.
Kher signalled to Luton that he was to bring the horses, responding to the question in the dark eyes.
"There's a storm coming, boy. Get to your horse. There are caves not too far away."
Luton nodded, mounted and brought the warriors' horses to them as the men neared him. Kher was already astride his mount and pointed at the distant rider.
"Follow!" he ordered crisply.
The storm broke shortly after they reached the caves. It was a wild storm too. Kher couldn't remember a wind with such fury as it raged outside the caves and whistled down cavernous tunnels. He thanked the gods for their guide. The caves all ran into one another, but they found one that offered the most shelter from occasional icy blasts, where they could safely spend the necessary time until the storm abated. Luton, in his old habit, cared for the horses, even the stranger's, and that brought a smile to Mensak's face. Abek and Emil managed to collect some wood before the gale struck. They made a fire, then, once it began to blaze, all seven men sat closely round it, listening to the howling wind outside. At one stage, Lus went to the entrance but retreated hurriedly, his eyebrows up.
"It is teeming," he announced, crouching back beside the fire. "And it is bitterly cold."
He shivered and Mensak noticed that Luton did so without respite. That brought a rueful smile to his eyes. He offered his cloak to the young one, who looked across at him with what Kher thought was a puzzled expression on a face usually devoid of emotion. Luton draped it round him over his own and nodded his thanks.
"Doesn't he know he's cold, this lad of yours?" Mensak asked Kher. Kher gave a non-committal shrug.
"He feels very little."
"Odd for such a young one," commented Mensak. "Is he a southern lad, then? He looks more northern by his colouring. You lot are Churchik, aren't you?"
Kher stared hard at Mensak, but saw only a bland expression and put the questions down to the man merely trying to make polite conversation.
"Yes," he responded. "The boy is northern - he is a slave. We are southern. What are you?" Kher's look at the stranger was a curious one.
"I'm southern too," Mensak replied. "Are you headed for Chika?" Kher nodded. "There's a large slave caravan just come in so you'll find the place crowded." Mensak held out his hands to the blaze. "Fewer slaves like your lad these days," he observed in a neutral tone.
"I would not know," Kher said calmly. "I have not been in Chika for a long time. You have a caravan following you, you said?"
"Supplies for the warlord, yes. This is a quicker way for me to be able to scout back and advise of any obstacles in the way. By the time I take the usual route back, the caravan'll be about a day's march from Chika."
"How long before you reach the warlord?" Mensak chuckled at that.
"That's a very long haul," he said amused. "Rumour in Chika had it that he's pressing on towards Sushi now, so gods alone know when these supplies will reach him. I leave the caravan at the Dahkilan border. I'd have thought the warlord's supply lines were becoming a mite stretched."
"Do you know of any challenge to disrupt it?" asked Han quickly.
"No, none that I know of," returned Mensak, "but in the usual way of things, there'll be a response to the warlord. It's the way of all worlds where conquerors reign."
"Perhaps," muttered Han, creeping closer to the fire. Mensak looked directly at Kher, whom he thought seemed preoccupied with private musings.
"Do you go to join the warlord after going south?" he asked the haskar directly.
"Possibly," murmured Kher, his eyes, Mensak noticed, flickering to the boy and resting there. Luton was huddled in the cloak, apparently oblivious to the conversation. Mensak's glance followed Kher's.
"And this lad who can't tell he's cold?"
"He has business in Chika, then he is to be returned to his master," said Kher coldly. Mensak nodded amiably and closed his eyes.
The storm didn't abate. If anything it got steadily worse. Lus and Emil braved the raging wind to drag in more wood and it was after they'd done so, that Luton startled everyone by calmly flicking his fingers at the sodden wood. It flamed immediately, as though it had never been wet. While Kher and the warriors stared thoughtfully at him, Mensak didn't seem to notice because he was too busy preparing the meal he'd offered to make. Luton sat quietly in front of the blaze, his eyes watching the flames. When he took a tankard from Han, he nodded, but otherwise didn't move.
Mensak's stew was delicious and even Luton, who didn't eat as much as would be expected of one his age, ate with relish and went back for more. The pot was thoroughly cleaned by eager hands holding chunks of bread or biscuit. Mensak sat back from the others, a lurking smile in his green eyes. No one noticed that he really ate very little. He lounged back against the cavern wall, his legs stretched fully out and a tankard to his mouth while he watched the Churchik and especially Luton. He saw the cold look in the dark eyes and the finely etched young face, and quite unobtrusively shook his head. He then closed his eyes and to all appearances went to sleep. The hand holding the tankard let it slip gently to the floor.
The Churchik felt very relaxed, full-bellied and warm. They lounged round the fire at their ease, appreciative that should the blaze diminish Luton would absently snap his fingers at it so that it flared brightly once more. Kher looked over at Mensak and saw the big man, larger possibly than a Churchik, quietly and contentedly dozed, the broad shoulders slumped and the head a little to one side. He gave a grim smile as his gaze travelled back to Luton. He pointed to a mattress Lus had laid beside Luton, but the youth just shook his head and hunched into his cloaks, his figure trembling still with the cold. Kher stared at him, then turned away.
The haskar suddenly felt weary and began to think wistfully of rest. He thought it would make sense to order one of the warriors to stay on guard, but, glancing at them and seeing them yawn prodigiously, he wondered whether there was any point. While the wind howled on, Kher considered any intrusion into the cavern highly unlikely. It'd grown dark in the caves now. The only light was cast by the flicker of the flames. Kher yawned again, stretched out and closed his eyes, the warriors not long in following.
Only Luton stayed awake as was his custom. He kept staring at the fire until he saw Mensak hunker down opposite, the man's green eyes disturbingly penetrating. Luton looked away.
"I'm glad you survived the fever, lad, though it was rough for you. And I thank you for the food you brought me." For the first time in cycles, Luton spoke out loud without being aware of it.
"I don't know you," he stated.
"Yes, you do, young lad." The voice was very deep and gentle.
Mensak leaned across a fire that didn't touch him and Luton felt compelled to look back, his eyes drawn to the man's when Mensak gripped his chin. He knew a moment of panic as his being was swamped and he seemed to slither quickly into a void that frightened him.
He sensed he was hanging in emptiness, though nothing held him and nothing imprisoned him. He couldn't see, nor could he hear. He didn't know how he knew Mensak was with him, but though he sensed him, Luton didn't know who the man was or why he should be with him now. He heard a voice that seemed to be far distant and strained to hear, his head tilted with the effort. He had no sense of touch.
"Come to me, lad. Bring yourself from where you've been taken. You can do this if you truly want to. Come to me, Lute. I'm waiting for you, child." Luton struggled to answer, his voice weak and faint.
"I'm Lute, son of Alfar." He felt surrounded by cloying mist and impenetrable dark.
"Can you reach me, lad? Can you feel my hand?"
Luton trembled, but put out his hand tentatively. Finally, after what seemed a very long time, it contacted Mensak's, his panic subsided and he breathed easily.
"You're Lute of Ortok."
"Yes."
"You remember me from the slave caravan?"
"You saved me, but I thought you died. I lost you and cried for you."
"Yes, lad, I know you did. I couldn't stay and I'm sorry."
"Where did you go?"
"Another place, child."
"But you're safe now? No one can whip you again?"
"Yes, lad, I'm safe." The deep voice gentled to a whisper. "You survived the fever and the caravan."
"Yes."
"It was a very rough time you had, wasn't it?" Luton didn't answer. "And you were badly hurt more than once, though the haskar was kind to you. I'm so sorry I couldn't be with you to help you through those agonising days."
"I don't remember."
"Yes you do, child," said Mensak softly. "You remember all too clearly." Luton gave a cry of anguish.
"Don't make me remember!" he whispered, convulsively gripping the hand that curled around his.
"Don't be frightened, Lute. I'm with you."
"The pain," whispered Luton.
"Come with me, Lute. I'll care for you, but you must come with me so I can help for what comes. The damage cripples you, child. Let me give you the gift of strength and the beginning touch of healing so you have a greater chance of survival."
With a howl, Luton was drawn backwards into an ever-deepening void that threatened to engulf him. He felt as though he'd suffocate, physically struggled to orient himself and make sense of where he was, and the only thing that gave him comfort was the hand held in his. Darkness devoured him when he remembered what Blach did to him and he writhed, as he did the day Blach tore him apart. Blackness and emptiness gripped him as he was flung further and further back to Ortok.
When he came to where he was today, Luton knew Mensak was with him, eased his pain and offered comfort. He didn't fight Mensak's presence in his mind - he welcomed it, opening to it like a flower to the sun. Mensak touched the young damaged mind. His presence delved deeply to the core of Luton's essence, his touch so gentle Luton felt nothing, just an all-pervasive calm that suffused every part of him. There was none of the agony he'd experienced at Blach's hands. A gaping wound deep inside slowly closed as gentle fingers touched moist young lips. What was implanted, so profoundly in Luton, no one could know.
Mensak stayed with Luton for a long time, touching the boy's mind carefully and with respect, his affection for the boy soaking into Luton's awareness at every level. Luton responded. The dark emptiness turned to light and there was movement all about him - he could see and he could hear. He wasn't hanging at all. He stood next to a man shrouded in luminosity, his green eyes intense. When the brightness finally began to slowly dim, the man placed an arm protectively about Luton and, with his free hand, traced symbols on the boy's lips. Luton kissed the hand that touched him.
He heard the deep, calm voice say quietly, "Come to time, Lute. Come to time." He knew he struggled to stay with the voice that offered so much comfort. It spoke again. "I'll come back to you, lad, though I wish I could ease what's to come for you. You must remember, at the right time, child. You will. It may save your life and, in doing so, also later give back life to another. I'll come for you, Lute, you must believe that. Ah, child, but she'll be so like you, lad, so very like - that's a promise we hope will one day bring you such joy and understanding. Now, be as you were, child."
Luton held out his hand as he felt the form next to him fade. It was the gesture he'd made that day, so long ago, when he was wrenched from the caravan, but this time he felt his hand held strongly as the darkness he tried to reject crowded in on him. He whimpered.
He came awake with a jolt that shook him. He was surprised he'd slept at all because he so seldom did. He looked around him uncertainly, his glance taking in the Churchik who were soundly asleep and then he noticed that Mensak was wide awake and regarded him with a smile.
"I'm glad I've found you again, lad," he murmured. Luton blinked at him and ran a hand across his face.
"You seem to think you know me."
"Aye, lad, it does seem that way, doesn't it?"
"I don't know you."
"Not yet, lad, not yet. We'll meet again." Luton stared hard at Mensak.
"I'm going south," he said abruptly, "while you're going north. Our ways don't meet."
"Aye, lad, so it seems." Mensak's deepening, gentle smile struck a chord deep within Luton and he responded with a smile that transformed him - it was for Mensak. Mensak looked into shining black eyes. "You can't speak or smile, lad, remember?" mumbled Mensak softly, closing his eyes. "But such a lovely smile, child, just like your twin brother."
Luton's eyes clouded, he hunched his shoulders and stared into the fire. By the time his eyes cleared, he couldn't speak and he didn't smile either. He was Blach's slave and he was a mute. Fully conscious of his surroundings, Luton noticed the green-eyed man was as deeply asleep as the Churchik.
~~~
Luton went outside very early. Since he slept so little he became restless without direct orders of what he was to do. The rain had eased, the wind had well-nigh blown itself out and though the sky was still ominously grey, the clouds were high and the severity of chill was alleviated. Though he shivered, Luton wasn't physically aware of any bite to the air.
He wandered aimlessly around, picking up pieces of wood that he threw on the fire before going outside to gather more. When he came in the second time, he saw Mensak regarding him and nodded a cool welcome in response to Mensak's greeting.
"Good morning, young one." Luton pointed to the Churchik and shrugged. "Not awake yet? Never mind, let them sleep. You have a long ride ahead of you." Luton stooped then straightened with two tankards in his hands, his look at Mensak an enquiring one. "Aye, lad, I'd like to eat and drink before I go."
Luton filled both tankards and after giving one to Mensak, he searched through saddlebags until he found bread, sliced meat and fruit, and randomly piled a selection onto a small platter. He brought it back to the fire where he crouched beside Mensak companionably. Mensak made two piles of food from the plate, then pointed at Luton.
"Eat, lad," he directed. "You're very slight for such a large-framed young one, aren't you?" Luton shrugged again, but took the food and ate it. "Kher tells me you go to Chika." Luton nodded, his mouth full. "And you answer to Luton." Surprise crept into the steely eyes, as well as uncertainty. Luton nodded again. "I thought that was what they called you, lad. Not a southern name that, is it? Are you from up north?" Again came the indifferent shrug. "Since you're a slave, that's possible, isn't it?"
Luton's head bent and because it stayed down, Mensak said no more. He finished his food and rose. Luton shouldn't have shown either surprise or uncertainty, two unexpected responses Malekim would have adversely reacted to. At that moment Kher opened his eyes, yawned, got unsteadily to his feet and approached the fire. Luton ignored him.
"You rise early, Mensak?" It was a question more than a statement.
"Aye, no point in having a rover who doesn't do his work," Mensak replied easily. "I'm on my way again." He looked long and hard at Kher. "I thank you for your hospitality. It won't be forgotten."
"You are welcome," said Kher, a mite curtly. "We thank you for your food too."
He watched Luton's head come up, his dark eyes fixed to Mensak's face. Mensak smiled at him.
"Maybe, lad, I'll meet you again." Luton still stared up at him, his expression unreadable.
Kher frowned at the sudden lack of assurance that'd characterised Luton up to this point and he noticed, too, the rare flicker of emotion that faintly registered on the young face. He watched Mensak put a large and firm hand on Luton's shoulder, noticed there was no chilly flinch back and looked harder at Mensak, but saw nothing other than paternal geniality. Mensak moved swiftly from the cave, leaving Luton staring once more into the fire.
Every day that they travelled further south, Luton wandered off on his own, his essence craving to be as one with his surroundings. If they passed near water, Luton was drawn to it - whatever it was. He liked to lie on open ground and stare up at the sky, its faintly yellowish tinge seeming to fascinate him. Had he remembered, Luton would've always been intrigued by the change in the colour of the sky that depended on where in Ambros one was.
He made no demands and Mensak passed from his mind very quickly. His relationship with the warriors remained cool but cooperative and he was definitely more responsive to Kher. The Churchik learned to accept him as he now was and Luton rapidly did the same. When he often spurred his horse to be alone or else let his horse fall back, Kher thought the youth looked peaceful in solitude and what made the haskar smile was the burgeoning growth they all saw on the young chin and cheeks. When Luton absently scratched at it, Kher's smile deepened. Once they reached Chika there was the faintest trace of a beard on the young face.
~~~
Chika was a large city-state, one of the larger ones in the deep south, sprawling and not overly clean, its Saratquan long gone north to the warlord. Only one gate was open at the time of day the travellers arrived. Kher spurred his horse forward to meet the warrior guard who rode out to meet him. After a brief exchange of words, Kher turned back to signal his men and Luton forward.
Once Luton would've been terrified because the city crawled with huge Churchik in every direction, but now he merely looked on, absorbed all he saw and forgot the bothersome rain that began some time before. Normally Kher would bed at the palace, but this time he rode ahead from street to street in quite a different direction from the palace.
Finally, Kher drew up his horse at a very large and opulent inn and swung himself to the ground, just as the door opened to reveal another Churchik standing in the light of the inn lamp. The street was quiet and clean.
"My lord?"
"Flek," said Kher, in a tone of profound relief. "Please have the horses attended to. Do you have rooms for us as arranged?"
"Yes, my lord," bowed Flek, standing back and waiting for the warriors and Luton to dismount. At a flick from his fingers, a young slave boy shot out to take all the reins.
The bar room was full, but Luton noticed that wherever Kher strode there was suddenly space. Kher found a table and signalled to the others to sit. Luton pulled back the hood of his cloak and sat nearest the fire, still and passively waiting. Flek brought them tankards and they relaxed back after a long ride and living rough, but, though relaxed, Kher's eyes roved the room restlessly.
Luton had a small and comfortable room with a window. When he was left there, he threw his cloak carelessly over a chair and crossed to the window, but since it was dark and murky and showed him nothing, Luton crossed to the bed and flung himself onto it, his hands under his head. He just lay there, musing.
Late meal was a silent affair. Many patrons had left, with only guests and regulars present. Kher was preoccupied, Luton was remote and the other warriors were disinclined to converse either. As soon as the food was eaten, Kher rose and suggested they all retire. Luton acquiesced.


CHAPTER TEN

Bethel lounged in the tub, mind and body weary but satisfied. It was several days since the warrior trials and the commitment ceremony was today. He sank lower in the water and closed his eyes. When he opened them, he saw Jane laying clean clothes on his bed, ready.
"Jane?"
"Aye?" Jane looked up with a smile.
"I am grateful for all you have done for me," Bethel said simply, idly splashing himself. Jane laughed, crossed to the tub and flicked water in Bethel's face.
"Aye, lad, I know. Now come on out of there. You need to get dressed for your oath to the warlord."
Reluctantly, Bethel hauled himself from the tub and took the cloth Jane held out to him, firmly wrapping it about his waist. The worst damp from his hair, he dried himself cautiously, aware of cuts and gashes. He looked up at a movement at the pavilion entrance and squinted to see who it was. He recognised a healer.
"Jane asked me to come to you, boy," said the healer, advancing on Bethel. Bethel sighed and nodded.
"Some of the cuts still bleed a bit," he said tiredly.
"Then," suggested the healer quietly, "lie down and let me examine you."
Bethel limped to the bed and sank down, barely conscious the healer removed the cloth from about his waist. He bit his lips once or twice as the healer dealt with him, but otherwise let himself drift. His mind was far from where he was. He wistfully thought of Sarehl and Ortok and how much his life had changed. He wondered who, if anyone, he might've stood with at Choice as spring advanced on what was his home, and a wave of desperate, unexpected homesickness swept over him and gripped him until he forced it away.
He made himself see that the young man who lay here was a slave, with no will of his own, who owed absolute submission and obedience to a warlord and was now a Churchik warrior. Still, unusually, Ortok wouldn't leave him, and he wondered if now he'd be a journeyman musician about to travel to whoever in northern Ambros wanted a singer-composer. He turned his head and buried it in the cushions.
"Roll over, boy," he heard above him.
When the healer finished, he tapped Bethel gently on the shoulder and waited for the youth to turn onto his back. He stared at the young face that looked up at him and smiled.
"You heal quite quickly, boy. I'm leaving more ointment with Jane. Just don't knock yourself about and keep away from axes for a while. You should be able to dance with the other warriors at your celebration tonight." Bethel nodded, a hand rubbing across his cheeks.
"I thank you," he whispered. The healer held out a cup.
"Drink this, boy, and you'll feel nothing at all. It may even give you energy."
Bethel took the cup and upended it. The liquid tasted faintly bitter but he swallowed without a grimace. When the healer nodded at Jane and left the pavilion, the older man sat on the bed next to Bethel and clasped one of the limp hands.
"What is it, lad?" he asked kindly. Bethel gave an inarticulate moan.
Jane bent and gathered Bethel in his arms to gently rock him, Bethel's head against Jane's shoulder.
"There, lad," crooned Jane. "It's all been too much, hasn't it, and you're badly homesick. I understand, Beth. To have achieved so much and against the odds, too, you want those of your family to be with you - they'd be proud of you. I'm deeply proud of you, if that means anything." Bethel gave a sniff. "Beth, I know this isn't what you want and you're a musician, but you must acknowledge your achievement with pride and live confidently for a future that will, in time, get brighter."
"I am a slave, Jane, and the warlord will never let me be anything but that. I see no future beyond what he permits me."
"Perhaps," replied Jane, stroking the damp hair. "But life, Beth, is a funny thing with odd twists and turns of fate none of us expect. You'll be a musician, lad, because I believe that's your destiny. I pray we're not both slaves until the day we die."
"So do I," whispered Bethel.
"Courage, Beth," said Jane softly. "We must get you dressed for the parade."
Jane lifted a prettily decorated and ornately blown glass bottle that he gave to Bethel, who eyed it askance.
"What is it?" he asked dubiously.
"It comes from your master, lad."
Bethel looked blank, but Jane's face was bland. Bethel opened the bottle and sniffed, then hurriedly put the stopper back in. Jane raised an eyebrow.
"I can see what it is, lad," he observed.
~~~
Bethel sat astride his horse, calm and still, the worst effects of the oil gone. It only left him slightly light-headed and extremely relaxed. Today, he'd be made a Churchik warrior by right of trial and courage. In warrior dress and wearing a full complement of rich jewellery, he looked as magnificent as his chestnut destrier suitably adorned for the occasion, restlessly tossing its head and pawing at the dirt. When the horse continued to fidget, Bethel bent forward to quieten it.
He wasn't alone. All the young warriors were mounted on warhorses, including Manas, the latter's hair lengthening quickly these days. He also had the beginnings of a beard that Bethel didn't. They'd been ordered to ride onto the meadow as a group, but Bethel was, as usual, on the periphery by himself. When the young warriors heard the command to approach, Manas edged his horse close to Bethel who saw him coming and looked at him curiously. Manas drew in his horse and glanced uncertainly at his friend.
"Beth," he began tentatively. Bethel listened, but made no comment. Manas tried again. "Beth. It was not intended to be personal."
"Not personal?" echoed Bethel, looking up at that. Manas took hold of Bethel's reins and pulled his friend's horse to a halt.
"Listen to me, Beth. I hardly knew what I was doing - all I wanted was the trial to be over." Bethel took Manas' hands from his reins and nudged his horse forward. Manas urged his horse to keep up. "You do believe me, Beth? Gods, man," he added fiercely, "you damn near did for me!"
"Yes I did, did I not?" Bethel grinned across at Manas and put out his hand in a very non-Churchik gesture. Manas gripped it hard.
"We are even now, are we not, Beth?" Bethel started to laugh and so did Manas.
Now the warriors waited for the warlord to ride to the end of the line before reining in his horse in front of the first youthful warrior. It was a simple, but deeply significant, ceremony as the youths took the oath that bound them to Lodestok as their warlord for the rest of their lives. With head bowed, each youth first held out his wrists to the warlord as a sign of submission. He then moved his horse alongside the warlord's where he halted, to repeat an oath twice, once quietly to the warlord and secondly out loud so the assembled warriors could hear. With his head respectfully bent the young warrior received the ornate necklace that was clasped round his throat as a sign to all of his status.
The eleventh warrior was Bethel. He bowed his head and turned his wrists face out before moving his horse forward. As he obediently repeated the oath, the full significance of it came to Bethel and he felt choked when he uttered the words.
"Warlord, I obey, respect and submit myself to your authority and service and my life to you as your warrior."
Other words followed, but it was Sarssen, well back, who saw the agonised expression on the young face when Bethel raised his head and repeated the oath out loud a second time. As Bethel spoke, he finally knew what the warlord had done to him, the appalled recognition like a rock thrown at his head. He was bound more securely than he'd been with slave fetters and torc, both symbols of an individual without choice. When Bethel took the oath, which meant he accepted Lodestok as his legitimate overlord, the words weren't just said as a slave without rights or will, but were also spoken as a sentient warrior. He felt the words wrenched from him, suddenly felt even more a slave than before and knew, too, that sentient or not, he had to say words without any choice at all. Lodestok had bound him, by oath, knowing Bethel had to say the words and appear willing to do so in public. When he bent his head for the warlord to clasp the necklace about his throat, Bethel had to bite trembling lips very hard.
"Look at me, little flower," came the soft, deep voice. When Bethel obeyed, he saw malicious amusement in eyes that dominated him. "I accept you as my warrior, boy." The stress on "my" was audible only to Bethel. The voice went on gently. "You see, petal, you no longer need the torc, do you? You are irrevocably mine."
"My lord," Bethel answered quietly, shivers shaking him. He realised the implication of Lodestok's soft words. Irrevocable, in Bethel's mind, was an absolute. He felt more of his Samar identity was removed.
He sat as still as a statue for the rest of the ceremony, his mind refusing to grapple with the enormity of the oath he'd no option but to take. He thought of his home and of what he'd become. He thought no one saw him ride from the field when the warriors were dismissed, and no one saw a young Ortokian youth, now a Churchik warrior, fling himself on his bed, his head buried in cushions in unutterable despair, his thoughts of Sarehl and his home. In only moments, Bethel walked from his pavilion to his master's. The warlord's gesture at the end of the ceremony was quite clear; he expected his slave to be with him.
When Bethel entered his pavilion in the early evening, Jane saw he staggered, his face quite grey and his eyes cloudy.
"The warlord was drunk, was he?"
"Sort of," mumbled Bethel thickly. "Jane, my head aches and every part of me hurts."
Jane quickly filled a goblet and held it down to the slumped figure. Bethel took it. Jane sensibly left him alone as he bustled about preparations and spread out clothes Bethel would wear for the feast. When he saw Bethel close his eyes and let his head fall back on the cushions, Jane gave a tight smile and went on with what he was doing. Bethel slept.
~~~
Bethel was in no hurry to dress. He just quietly pulled on clothes made in the southern warrior fashion that he resignedly tucked into long dark purple boots that were new. He commented on them.
"Aye," agreed Jane. "They came with the rest of the clothes. It's the warlord's express command that this is how you're to be dressed for the feast and celebration. There's new jewellery as gifts for you too."
Bethel nodded submissively. The over shirt was very full-sleeved with heavy cream lace at cuffs and throat. It was the same colour as the pants and was belted with a long fringed sash, interwoven with tiny slivers of gold and wound round Bethel's waist, twice.
Bethel automatically removed his mass of jewellery and looked across to where Jane pointed to a pile of new ear-rings, rings and bracelets. He slowly crossed to look at them, placed them as required, then lifted the warrior necklace he'd taken off. He stared at it, troubled.
"Lift your head," instructed Jane, seeing the hesitation and coming to Bethel's side. "Irrespective of what you become in life, lad, this is a moment of triumph. You must look at it that way. You're from another race and culture, yet competed against the best this society could pit against you. Hold your head high, Beth, and show pride." Bethel looked up at Jane and waited while the older man clasped the necklace round the young throat, settling it so that it wasn't hidden by the lace collar. "There, Beth."
Bethel went back to the bed and stayed there, resting, aware Jane approached with comb and brush. He rolled onto his stomach.
"Gods, Jane, I am always so tired," he muttered.
He cradled his forehead rather gingerly on a forearm that still ached from an axe blow and relaxed to the rhythm of the brush strokes that followed the combing out of the tangled mass of black curls and he did go to sleep again. Jane stared down at the very tall figure on the bed, noticing for the first time the breadth of the shoulders, this young one, he thought with a wry grin, not far from manhood. Though Bethel was very slender for his height, Jane could see, in the sleeping form, the potential for a strong mature man. He sat quietly until he felt the young one had to wake for the feast.
It was Sarssen entering the pavilion nearly two hours later that made Jane realise the feast couldn't be far away. Jane greeted the warrior affably. He watched Sarssen cross to the bed and glance down at the still sleeping figure.
"Exhausted was he, Jane?"
"You could say that," grumbled Jane, holding out a full goblet. Sarssen took it.
"The warlord?" he asked placidly, lounging to a chair and stretching out.
"Oh he's tired from the last days, there's no doubt about that," was the caustic reply, "but he was fine when he went to get his necklace. When he came back from the warlord, he wasn't. I've given him more to drink from the healer." The warrior was pensive for a moment, then looked up with an arrested expression.
"The warlord would send the boy oil for after bathing, Jane, as a token of his pleasure in the boy's achievement. What is in it?"
Jane didn't respond. He just picked up the bottle he'd quietly hidden under a table and passed it across to Sarssen who cautiously opened it, recoiled and stoppered it immediately.
"That explains it," he murmured.
"You know it, too, do you?" Jane asked sourly. Sarssen gave his slow smile.
"But of course, Jane. Where the boy treads, he follows me. If nothing else, the warlord is predictable. The warlord rarely uses this."
"What if he's got the same stuff?" demanded Jane.
"It is an oddity, Jane, how perfumes and such like, alter when exposed to air."
Jane's shout of laughter, and the warrior's deep responsive chuckle, woke Bethel. He stretched and rolled, then came up on an elbow, his big eyes coming to rest on Sarssen.
"My lord," he murmured sleepily, his hand going out without thought. Sarssen was quick to rise and take the hand in a firm clasp.
"Well, boy, you have done very well, have you not? How are the wrists?"
"Still a bit sore, my lord," admitted Bethel, with the faintest of smiles.
"You will be very tired, boy, and ache for a few days yet." Bethel stared up into the warrior's face.
"I thank you for all you have done for me, my lord." He bent his head and his colour was heightened. "I know I would not be here today but for you." Sarssen flicked one ruddy cheek.
"Boy, you have done a remarkable thing. You may not comprehend that yet awhile. No man from another state has become a Churchik warrior. You are the first. I am so proud of you, Bethel." Bethel lifted his head to stare fascinated at the warrior.
"Are you, my lord?" he asked incredulously.
"But of course I am, boy. Did you not think so?" Sarssen watched a fat tear creep down Bethel's face, and, glancing over at Jane, quickly read the message in the older man's face.
"I thank you for that, too," whispered Bethel.
"Foolish boy," said Sarssen gently, his hand on the youth's shoulder. "Before I take you to the feast, we must celebrate your success, because we are your adopted family, are we not, and should respond as such? I would not have it any other way." He helped Bethel to his feet and looked critically at him. "One thing I will say for your master, boy, is he knows how to dress you in clothes that make you look more beautiful by the day." His voice had turned to an affectionate drawl. "Nothing, Bethel, could heighten the colour of your eyes as what you wear tonight!"
He saw Bethel blush, then stammer and disclaim and smiled, aware he'd successfully distracted the younger man.
"Jane, fill the goblets and let us toast this new warrior!"
~~~
Bethel felt odd seated with the other young warriors, who sat around one very long table that groaned under an assortment of rich fare. He always thought the food consumed was the result of plunder from places like his home and it affected his appetite.
Usually, he crouched or kneeled next to, or behind, the warlord who occupied a place at the centre of the table full of haskars, his slave ready to come forward in response to the snapped fingers of a master. To not be acting as a slave tonight confused Bethel. It contributed to his sense of disorientation. During the afternoon the warlord made Bethel's slave status painfully clear, yet here he was now, sitting among those with whom he'd competed and also enslaved him. Bethel gave up trying to understand and drank steadily instead.
He was conscious, too, of a few friends around him, if he could ever call a Churchik a friend, but he was also aware of hostility to his status and knew he'd made deadly enemies when he defeated other younger warriors. He saw Kone's brooding and darkling looks and felt uneasy. He'd have to be more careful than ever and he knew it.
While the food was eagerly consumed, the wine and badran flowed freely. It wasn't frequently the Churchik celebrated, especially when they were on the campaign trail, because they were a warlike people, but when they did rejoice they did so with relish. The entertainment kept them all amused. The Merhandian tumblers and the Arkady acrobats had warriors laughing and the Doorec pipers had feet tapping, the acts following one another in profusion and the general noise raised to a higher level by the snarling dogs that competed under the tables for scraps. Every so often Bethel dropped a scrap and felt the pressing furry bodies that bickered over morsel ownership.
When food was eaten and warriors sat replete with full tankards or goblets to their mouths, Gariok rose and entertained as did his bards, then, when he felt he and the others wanted a rest, he sauntered down the tables until he came to where Bethel sat, the youth's head well down in an endeavour to be inconspicuous. With a strong hand, the Dominik gripped Bethel hard and easily hauled him to his feet.
"Take this pipe, boy, and recite for us. You must do your duty as an apprentice bard of mine. I do not intend to carry the full burden of entertainment, nor do others."
A rough shake and push propelled Bethel forward, until he reached the high table where Lodestok and the haskars stared down at him, the warlord thoughtfully and the elite with amusement. Bethel looked so different. Though the style of his clothes wasn't dissimilar and the colour he wore was nowhere near as bright as others wore, still he stood out. He always would. It was the slenderer build, the darkness of his eyes and hair, and, because he was still beardless, he looked absurdly youthful among even the youngest warriors. His beauty, too, made him conspicuous. Gariok stood next to him and that merely emphasised the boy's slightness.
"My lord," said Gariok, addressing the warlord. "I insist your boy entertains us. After all it is what he is trained to do."
"It is," agreed the soft, silky voice. "Get to it, petal. I dislike being kept waiting."
Bethel lifted his head, met his master's eyes and licked his lips before lifting the pipe to his mouth. Typically, as soon as he blew the first notes, Bethel was lost. He played, recited and chanted, unaware where he was. He didn't see the gaze from his master, a man who never took his eyes from the slender form that stood so still, the cold eyes fixed to the velvet, animated eyes and moving curved lips. Lodestok soaked in the deep voice that was powerful in recital, yet could fall to a whispering sigh when a saga demanded it and, for a time, he was far away, his thoughts on an ancient people, gifted musicians he'd read about at the Keep. Bethel may have lived the poetry and the music; there was no one there who didn't revel in it. Gariok sat back, a satisfied smile on his face as he, too, listened to a youth he knew was greatly and uniquely gifted.
When Bethel paused and stood uncertainly, he got a sharp nod from Gariok and thankfully went to his seat, his hands grasping a tankard so he could drink deeply. At that point, the pipers began to play for dancing.
The young warriors rose and threaded their way to a cleared space, but Bethel remained seated, his hands still clasped about the tankard. He listened to the music and watched the dancing and thought of Choice in Ortok, because he was at the age when he'd likely stand as he'd watched Sarehl and his mother do cycles before. When he felt a sudden rush of tears he swallowed very hard, wondering if he was mawkish because of the badran mixed with wine, or because he was now irrevocably committed to a war of which he was a casualty. He drank deeply again and sank back in his chair.
The festivities went on and so did the dancing. Bethel found he was pulled into the dancing group where he was taken firmly by the hand by one of the dancers. Young Churchik maidens cavorted about the young warriors in a disturbing and highly erotic fashion. Bethel suddenly began to enjoy himself and allowed the dancers to sweep him along, until breathless, he was finally allowed to sit again and sank back with something of a giggle.
His mind wasn't entirely clear because he'd consumed a large amount of wine and badran, but he was well aware of the persistent attention he received from one girl - she disturbed Bethel considerably. She was little past a child, but then, Bethel was little past boyhood either. When the girl caressed him, Bethel felt himself respond and involuntarily looked up and across to the warlord. When Bethel saw Lodestok wasn't attending, he breathed a little more easily, though he wished the girl would leave him for another.
She refused. She curled herself round him as did others with warriors at Bethel's table, Bethel aware that, under different circumstances, he'd take her with him for the night. When she kissed him passionately on the lips then put her tongue in his mouth, Bethel pushed her away, another glance over at the warlord again as he did. Lodestok hadn't missed the kiss or open mouth. He sat very still. The hand clenching his goblet was white at the knuckles and his eyes began to dangerously glitter, then, when he saw Bethel push the girl away, a grim smile came to tightened lips and lit cold eyes.
The danger moment passed, but it left Bethel shaken and discomposed. He suddenly felt disinclined to participate, because he knew the way the warriors would celebrate wasn't for him. When he thought briefly of Sasqua, it hurt. He wondered if he'd ever live a normal life and savagely grasped at a full goblet, downing the wine in one draught. Bitterness and self-pity swamped him. He knew a desperate desire to go home where he could be an ordinary seventeen cycle boy. He didn't want to be a Churchik warrior. He wanted to be a Samar, among his own kind. He felt every bit the warlord's slave.
If Lodestok didn't suspect the turmoil in Bethel's mind, Sarssen did. He caught a brief glimpse of the tears and knew no one else had. He also saw the boy's face when the dancer kissed him - what he saw in the lovely, but sad eyes, was a desperate hunger and yearning to be like the warriors around him. Sarssen saw, too, the homesickness and sense of isolated alienation. It had never left Bethel. Sarssen recognised that he could identify with the southern world, through his half-Churchik heritage and southern Yazd mother, unlike Bethel who grew in a northern culture, so different, they couldn't be compared.
Sarssen was concerned because the boy was at such an emotional peak anything could happen. Therefore he watched from a distance, ready to risk entering Bethel's mind to ensure the young one didn't endanger himself and watched as Bethel downed goblet after goblet of wine, hoping the boy became so drunk he'd become incapable of doing anything at all. He noticed, as time wore on, that quite a few of the young warriors were already in such a state.
In the early hours of the morning, Manas, who was very drunk indeed, staggered to his feet, and, grasping Bethel by the hand pulled him out to where there'd been dancing. Sarssen glanced surreptitiously at the warlord who merely raised a mobile eyebrow in surprise and looked faintly amused. Bethel tripped over his feet and his hair fell across his face. With unconscious elegance he regained his balance and stood leaning on Manas for support, one hand gracefully flicking back his hair. Sarssen noted, with approval, that Bethel started to laugh.
"Thish," began Manas, in a distinctly slurred voice, "is Beth and we will dance for you." He put up an unsteady hand, hung onto Bethel and looked enquiringly into his face. "Can you remember the valat I showed you long ago, Beth?" He hiccupped and swayed. Bethel nodded, his hair falling forward again. Manas turned to the pipers who grinned and watched as he tried to snap his fingers. "The pandean dance," he mumbled. "Play that."
The pipers knew exactly what he wanted as they'd played it, often, for the twosome when they were younger. Manas was surprisingly agile and light on his feet for one so large-boned, as well as very drunk, and had almost as much grace as Bethel. As soon as he heard the music, Bethel left his clumsiness behind and once he got his rhythm matching Manas' he lifted his head, tossed back his hair and danced with young enthusiasm and energy. He and Manas were boys again.
The two youths made a striking and very attractive pair as they wound round each other and weaved in and out with sheer exuberance. Sarssen thought he'd seldom seen Bethel so happy, his eyes alight and laughter bubbling from him. When the pair finally collapsed in a laughing, breathless heap, they needed other warriors close by to help them back to their table. Sarssen hoped the dancing helped Bethel, but he kept his eye on the boy all the same.
An hour later, when some of the revellers were thinking of retiring, Manas and Bethel linked arms, swaying together as they left the table and began to move erratically for the entrance. They didn't get far because they were too drunk and their steps were decidedly unsteady. They paused. Manas peered closely at Bethel.
"Beth, my friend," he said earnestly. Bethel looked back at him.
"Yesh."
"You are a warrior."
"So are you," agreed Bethel.
This seemed so funny they both had to sit again while they laughed and leaned on each other for support. As they did, the warlord calmly rose, and, leaving his table, came to stand in front of them. Bethel's laughter was quenched. Even Manas quietened.
"My lord," he stammered, uneasily trying to rise.
"Go to bed, warrior," said Lodestok quietly. Manas patted Bethel on his uninjured shoulder and endeavoured to leave with dignity. The warlord stared down. "Well now, little flower, you are a very elegant dancer. There is no end to your talents, is there, petal?" He held out a hand to assist Bethel to his feet. Bethel took it, but swayed. "How drunk are you, little flower?"
"Very, my lord," answered Bethel, with surprising clarity.
"Are you coming with me, boy? I am going to bed." There was no need for Bethel to answer. The warlord turned to leave, but not before saying gently, "Bring more wine, flower, so we can celebrate your success together. Your master has pride in his slave's achievement."
Bethel's drunkenness seemed to evaporate a little. When the warlord left, he sank back to the table with his head in his hands and a despairing sigh escaped him. He became aware of Sarssen's regard and, lifting his head, looked steadily back at the warrior.
"I know what you are going to say, my lord," he said, before Sarssen could speak.
"Do you now, boy? How perceptive of you." Bethel's words were faintly slurred.
"You are going to tell me to have courage and go to him like a good boy, are you not?" Sarssen studied the youth thoughtfully.
"You are in a remarkably aggressive frame of mind, boy," he replied mildly. "Do you always get like this in your cups?"
"Do not mock me," growled Bethel, lurching to his feet.
"Do not make me, you foolish boy," was the placid response.
"Are you ordering me to go?" Bethel thought he sounded childish and when he glanced quickly across at the warrior he knew he did.
"Beth," said Sarssen kindly, "I know what you want. You have done so well and achieved so much you deserve to celebrate as others do, but you cannot have what you want now." Sarssen kept his voice low.
"Why not? I am a warrior. Why can I not do what other warriors do?"
"Your time will come, Bethel, believe me. Just try to be patient, boy." Sarssen came across to Bethel and gripped the boy by the shoulders. Bethel tried to move but couldn't.
"I will not go. I am a warrior and I do not have to go. I ache so, my lord, I ache." Bethel leaned his head against Sarssen's shoulder.
Sarssen had no hesitation in entering Bethel's mind. In his muddled and drunken state, Bethel felt a powerful presence that eased his anxiety, homesickness and aches. When the sensation stayed with him, he felt oddly comforted. Looking wearily into Sarssen's face, he put a hand uncertainly to his head and in the sympathetic green eyes read what he already knew.
"I must go to him, must I not, my lord?"
"Yes, boy, you must. You are his slave. Do not forget the wine he wanted, will you?"
Sarssen watched while Bethel hunted around for two full wineskins and then turned unsteadily back to face him, a smile trembling on his lips.
"You made me a warrior, my lord," he whispered, "and I thank you."
Sarssen said very gently and quietly, "You have done well, boy. Come to me tomorrow. I wish to speak with you." Bethel nodded and his hair fell over his face again.
"Yes, my lord."
He meandered over to the entrance, half-blinded by his hair, and disappeared. Sarssen guessed he was still so drunk he'd not care a damn what was done to him.
~~~
The following morning Bethel awoke with a very hazy recollection of events. Not only that, he felt ghastly. He looked across at the warlord who was still deeply asleep, even though Bethel judged it was nearly midmorn. He licked dry lips and stretched carefully so he didn't disturb Lodestok.
Evidence of the early morning's revels was all about the pavilion, clothes scattered randomly wherever his tired eyes looked and goblets flung on the ground haphazardly beside limp wine skins. Bethel groaned inwardly at the thought of the tidying he'd be expected to do, and, at the same time, remembered someone saying, the evening before, that the army was due to begin another northwards surge now celebrations were completed.
That thought made Bethel lie very still. His heart hammered with the realisation that this would be his first move as a Churchik warrior, his lifestyle would change in some way and the warlord's expectations of him would alter too. Panic gripped him when he considered how woefully unprepared he was to be a fighter, least of all one in the Churchik mould. He licked suddenly dry lips again and turned his head to stare briefly at his master.
As always, he sensed the ruthless power of the man who dominated his every waking thought and move, and he gave a faint whimper at the knowledge he'd never escape the custody of the warlord. He looked at the huge hands that had hurt him so often and then turned his head away, unable to bear thinking about what the warlord had done to him for six cycles now. He decided he had to rise.
Carefully he eased himself from the bed and hunted vaguely for wearable clothes. Fully attired and hauling on boots, he discovered he was ravenous. Noiselessly, he crept from the pavilion on tiptoe to organise food for his master as well as something for himself. Rifling through the food stores in a way that would have brought down the wrath of the warlord's chief cook, Banic, on his head, Bethel managed to find a sweet cold roll that he ate quickly, while he sorted out food he knew would tempt the warlord who was invariably irascible after a hard night.
Bethel paused. He sensed he wasn't alone. Puzzled, he lifted his head and listened, but it wasn't a sound he'd heard. The sensation stayed with him. He turned back to the food, wondering idly if Jaden played with his mind, quickly put defences in place, and, as he did, at the same moment sensed a strongly negative reaction to them. It startled Bethel. His head reared anxiously. He swallowed hastily and began to cough helplessly on a crumb.
When he took an unwary step back, he heard a vexed sound. Instantly, he pivoted on his heel, again nearly treading on the catlin who sat directly behind him. Bethel had never set eyes on a catlin, so his astonishment was genuine. Ever gentle, he stooped with his hand out. The catlin moved to him immediately, rubbed itself against him and then jumped nimbly to his shoulder where it twined itself through his hair and flexed very sharp, honed claws that hurt. Bethel ignored that but was nonplussed.
He murmured very quietly, "Now then, little fellow, who or what are you? I have never seen your like before." The catlin looked directly at him, its eyes large and its bushy grey tail switching from side to side.
"I'm Ot," it announced very clearly in his mind.
Bethel gave a muffled cry. It was partly of surprise and partly of anxiety and confusion. It made the catlin dig in its claws even harder. Bethel winced. He put a hand to his mouth. The voice in his mind spoke again, a little impatiently,
"You do mindspeak, son of Alfar and Melas, don't you?" Bethel croaked, then swallowed nervously. The catlin rattled at his ear. "Don't you?" it repeated. "You can, you know, if you'll only try."
Bethel struggled to concentrate his mind so he could focus his energy to one point, and a faint, vague response formed as a result that he hoped the creature received.
"No, I have never done so." The catlin just kept rattling, flexing and twining.
"You have the ability," it sent, "or I wouldn't be here. Why don't you use your talent and why do you call?"
Bethel was by now very confused. He had a shocking hangover, was bruised and cut from days before, and ached because the warlord wasn't especially gentle in his celebration with his slave. He never was when he was very drunk. Bethel was hungry. He also thought, in sudden fright, of the warlord waking without there being food in front of him. The catlin sat quite still. He watched the young man lick his lips.
"You fear him deeply, don't you?" Bethel gave a shiver as a mental affirmative. "I've been watching him," the catlin observed. "He demands your total obedience and you give it. I know how he sometimes hurts you. I understand."
"Who are you?" Bethel whispered out loud. Another shiver took him when he thought of what the warlord could do to him again.
"Get your food for your master," instructed the catlin. "You ask who I am. I'm a catlin. I bonded with a nymph who died. I was allowed to choose one of her line and I chose you, but clearly you're not ready."
The catlin watched while Bethel filled plates and drinking vessels. These were placed carefully on a tray before Bethel turned as if to go, then he stopped suddenly when he remembered the catlin and felt a surge of panic shoot through him at what the warlord would do to any creature that got close.
"You're quite right. I can't go with you, but I'm always with you," came the voice in his head. Then there was silence.
Bethel still stood, too surprised to do anything. He didn't understand what the creature was saying and his head ached too much for him to try to sort it out. He became aware he was alone, and began to move forward, rather nervously, in case the catlin should again suddenly materialise under his feet.
He entered the pavilion just as the warlord yawned, stretched languorously, opened lynx-like eyes and turned to pull furs securely round him. He watched Bethel approach with the tray. He pulled himself up on the cushions, took the proffered plates without a word and ate, his eyes settled coldly on the youth crouched on his mat, eating with a will. Bethel no longer waited these days for food from a master's plate. Lodestok had dispensed with that in the mornings some cycles previously.
"You have an appetite, boy," he mused between mouthfuls. Bethel looked up with an infectious grin that brought a reluctant smile to icy eyes.
"It must be being made a warrior, my lord," Bethel responded, absently munching on a thick chunk of loaf.
The warlord made no further comment, though he continued to watch Bethel who remained unconscious of the regard and kept eating. Lodestok ate slowly and thoughtfully. After Bethel consumed all he wanted, he leaned back against the nearest chair, a tankard held in his left hand while his right hand brushed irritably at the mane that kept falling into his eyes. He drank, then placed the tankard on the ground with a faint sigh.
"Play for me, boy," instructed the warlord, his tankard to his mouth.
Bethel stretched across to another chair, picked up the estibe and curled himself, cross-legged, into his characteristic playing pose, then began to pluck the strings. Lodestok watched long, sensitive fingers coax music from an impossibly difficult instrument, Bethel playing without conscious thought and his face barely visible through the shroud of black hair that the young man no longer noticed while he played. Lodestok leaned back on the cushions, sipped every so often from his tankard, then his eyes closed as he listened. When the second piece of music ended, the warlord opened his eyes, waited for Bethel to raise his head and then gestured.
"Leave the estibe," he said quietly.
Bethel placed it carefully on the chair. In obedience to the crooked finger, he crossed to sit next to the warlord on the edge of the bed. Lodestok didn't speak for a few moments. He just ran his hands carelessly through the mass of curls, but when he spoke, Bethel had to strain to listen because the warlord's voice was so soft.
"You are now a man and a warrior, little flower. How does that feel?"
"Not much different, my lord," replied Bethel honestly.
"But it is, petal, it is. Very different. You are no longer a child."
Bethel felt a wave of sickness wash over him and wished he'd not eaten so much. He'd always known the warlord would tire of him one day, but somehow he'd always managed to put that thought from his mind. Had his being made a warrior all been part of the warlord's cruel joke? Was he now to die? He almost groaned as he bent his head. He heard the soft voice continue.
"You will forgo your lessons from today, little flower, and join Haskar Bensar's junior troop. Though you will still go to Gariok, it will be as Bensar dictates. You will live as a warrior, boy, among warriors. You will become a proper one, not just in name. Do you understand?" Bethel shook so much with relief, he could barely answer.
"Yes, my lord," he whispered hoarsely.
"I wonder if you do," came the chill voice. "You will have no privileges, boy, and be at the bottom of the warrior hierarchy. I will have no soft warriors about me. You should comprehend that clearly." Bethel's lips were dry again. He licked them.
"My lord."
"You will obey Bensar as you would either Sarssen or myself. Do I make myself plain, little petal?"
"Very plain, my lord."
"Your slaves will be with you. Your pavilion is being dismantled even as I speak. You know, do you not, that your service to me is paramount, boy, and that you will also continue to come to me of an evening?" Bethel kept his head bent.
"Yes, my lord," he answered without hesitation.
He felt a tug and turned to look down at the warlord who still held a hank of the long dark hair. The warlord pulled Bethel's head close to his.
"You will not disappoint me, boy, will you? That would not be wise."
"No, my lord," murmured Bethel, aware of eyes so close to his he blinked rapidly.
"Bensar's reports will always be excellent, little flower." The voice was silky. Lodestok pulled the boy's head to his chest in such a way it made Bethel fall sideways and sprawl across the powerful Churchik torso. The warlord merely laughed. "Now, my boy, it is late, but then..."
Bethel didn't speak. He just closed his eyes when he saw the warlord push his plates and tankard to the ground and settle himself more firmly onto the bed. When Bethel opened his eyes, they met blue eyes that stared intently down at him. He lay still, watching the fierce grin cross his master's face.
"Your estibe, boy, stays here with me."
"Yes, my lord," mumbled Bethel, giving in to the inevitable. Lodestok's grin broadened.
"Lastly, petal, you will attend Sarssen for whatever additional training he may feel you need." There was a long silence before Lodestok said on a deep chuckle. "You will be very busy, little flower." Bethel went to speak, but couldn't.
~~~
When Bethel finally left the warlord's pavilion, most of the camp was active, food being served very late to warriors. Bethel's stomach gurgled. He was conscious of wanting sustenance yet again, and though he ate very well these days he seldom felt full because he seemed to burn up fuel as soon as he replenished it.
He stood still to get his bearings. With his pavilion, which had been his focus for nearly two cycles, gone, he was disoriented. It was now as if it had never been. The gap it left jolted Bethel. He stared a little blindly and confused. It was Jane who saw him and came forward rather anxiously.
"Lad," he called urgently, his expression as he reached Bethel, grim. "The haskar's been swearing about you for half-an-hour, Beth, and shook Mishak in his efforts to find you. Where've you been?" Bethel's shoulders sank.
"Where do you think?" he asked irritably. Jane studied the young face and his own softened.
"Go to the haskar, Beth, and explain that to him," he said quietly. "I'll wait for you and then show you where we're to live." Bethel looked down into the older man's eyes and smiled ruefully.
"Forgive me, Jane," he murmured. "It is just that I have a dreadful headache and the warlord would not let me go. I am so tired."
"Aye, lad," said Jane, in gentle understanding. "Go now, Beth." He gave the youth a shove and Bethel responded with an acquiescent sigh.
~~~
Bethel entered Bensar's pavilion, to be met by an uncompromising face and an even harsher voice.
"Where have you been, warrior?"
"With my master, my lord. I have just come from him." Bensar studied the very tall, slender youth.
"You are very young, raw, and untried, warrior," he said, with cold indifference. "Your place with the warlord gives you no special privileges. You understand you are still a slave and will be treated as such by many. You will respond suitably, though I hope in time they will treat you merely as another warrior. Do you understand?"
"Clearly, my lord."
"I shall treat you as a warrior and I expect a response from you as one. You are here to be trained, boy, and that is what will happen to you. You will obey me at all times."
"Yes, my lord."
Bensar rose. Bethel flinched slightly because he hadn't been in such close proximity to the warlord's second, other than as a slave creeping forward to fill an out held goblet before he slunk back to a crouch. Bensar was a typical Churchik warrior, very large and extremely formidable, and his expression was unfriendly.
"If a senior warrior tells you to do anything, you jump and do it. You do not argue, or you will be disciplined by me. I do not deal lightly with insubordination, warrior, and seldom have to chastise a warrior more than once." Bethel sensed the threat and hastened to reply.
"I will obey, my lord."
"Wise of you," said Bensar coolly. "Sarssen has orders to take you in hand as well, boy. Should he command you, you come to me and request permission to go to the tempkar. You do not just leave your troop at will." Bethel stood rigidly erect and silent. "Gariok will advise me of the times he wishes to have you. Other than for he or Sarssen, you owe your obedience first to the warlord and then to me." The harsh voice went on. "You step one foot out of line, young warrior, and you will feel the whip just the same as any other."
"My lord," acknowledged Bethel, head respectfully lowered.
"You have one hour to be with your troop." Bensar's head nodded dismissal. As Bethel backed to the pavilion entrance, Bensar said sharply, "Your hair, boy, will always be plaited. I do not wish to see you with flowing mane again. Do not forget you are warrior."
Bethel straightened up outside the pavilion and let his breath go in a whistle of relief. Jane was immediately beside him, an anxious look on his face.
"Well, lad?"
"I am like to find life very hard," Bethel said consideringly. The smile down at Jane wasn't bright. "I am glad you are with me, Jane," he added suddenly, "because I think I would find what is in front of me unbearable otherwise." Jane put a reassuring hand on Bethel's arm.
"You'll find your feet, Beth. Your life's turned upside down again and you don't know where you are. Once we get you settled you'll be fine." Bethel sighed and let Jane lead him forward. "Wait until you see your new dwelling, Beth. That should make you have a laugh!"


CHAPTER ELEVEN

When Kher knocked on Luton's door in the morning he entered to find Luton drowsing on the bed, his black eyes only half-open and lighting on the haskar who carried an armful of clothes.
"Change into these, boy. They are from your master."
There was no expression on the pale face. Luton merely nodded as Kher left his room. Thoughtfully, Luton rose and obediently began to strip, before he walked to the chair and lifted the garments one by one.
Fully dressed he looked striking. The black boots, shirt and tabard emphasised the colour of his hair and eyes, and his crimson cloak, with Blach's symbol emblazoned on its back, swept the ground when he moved. When he surveyed the young man Kher thought, that with his long black curls and cold black eyes, he'd draw all eyes. Luton, he reflected, was an enigma - he bewildered and baffled Kher, though the haskar's feelings for the younger man didn't alter.
Some of Lodestok's trusted warrior overlords, who maintained cruel discipline and effective control across the south, were gathered at Chika to celebrate the fall of the Cartokian kingdom in the north and the warlord's advance into southern Sushi. They'd come from as far east as Cordior and from as far north as the conquered mountain lands of the Dahkilan and Cyrenics. Though Lodestok was north in Ambros, there wasn't one warrior lord present who would consider thwarting his slightest wish, and that included responding with immediate acquiescence to anything the warlord's sorcerer friend may request. Churchik feared little. They did fear sorcery and those with talent, though they weren't averse to using captive healers for their own ends, and they did revere truth-seekers and ever rarer seers who were invariably male.
One of those present was Alleghy, the overlord of Dahkilah, who'd ensured the complete submission of its people, their tribute often wrung from them in blood. He was one of the most powerful men in the south. Like other warriors with families, he brought his wife, eldest son and daughter with him.
Kher arrived at the celebration not long before midsun, because Luton flatly refused to go earlier. Kher's efforts to encourage him met with an icy stare and, eventually, with a flash of fire from long, slender fingers. Kher stood his ground and asked Luton why. The answer in his mind was curt.
"It's not the time. She isn't yet there."
Luton came downstairs when he was ready and went directly outside to mount his horse. Swearing, Kher tossed down his tankard and followed.
If Luton had intended making an entrance, Kher thought he couldn't have done it better - conversation stopped and heads turned, as one, on Luton's entrance. Kher watched the youth covertly. He saw the black eyes take in the hall in a sweeping glance and he stood still, waiting. When Luton was announced, there were indrawn breaths.
"Luton, apprentice slave of Blach, accompanied by Haskar Kher, Saratquan of Caciqua, Second to Saratquan Lodestok, Warlord of Valshika."
Kher stepped forward quietly, aware of the reaction to Luton, but seeing no response from the young man at all. He bade Luton follow. Obediently, Luton did. He received stares and critical looks of appraisal. Even his height attracted attention. There was no doubt his master knew Luton would look quite different from anybody else and it was a deliberate ploy to dress him thus, because it was as close to haskar attire as could be. That was noted with rigid disapproval and some incredulity.
It was when Kher neared Alleghy that Luton turned to Kher and put his hands to the haskar's temples.
"I've come at the correct time of alignment. This warrior has a daughter. I'll mate with her and wish to do so now. It must be, Kher, it must be! Where is she?"
Kher stared at the young face so close to his and had to swallow hard, twice. He wondered how anyone could so condition Luton that he should react and behave in this way, and, though he knew it had to be the sorcerer, still he wondered if there could be more to this than that.
"Could you leave this to me, boy?" he asked quietly, thinking of the warrior lord's probable reaction. Luton withdrew his hands with a nod and Kher breathed a little more easily. Alleghy surveyed Luton disdainfully.
"Is he a mute that he must communicate that way?"
"Yes," responded Kher coolly. "He is a mute."
"Can he speak to other than you?"
"I have not asked him, Haskar." Alleghy spat.
"He looks a northman. Why is a slave brought amongst us and dressed in such a fashion? It is to insult all of us. He should be flogged for such presumption."
"You forget he is with me and I owe allegiance to the warlord who commands me," responded Kher softly. Alleghy reddened and glared at Luton.
"Do you have power, boy? Has your master taught you that?" He got a cold look that seemed to bore through him, shrugged, ran a hand across his beard and deliberately turned from Luton to Kher. "Does the warlord know of him?"
"I do not know. I imagine if Blach wishes the warlord to know, he will apprise him of Luton's existence."
"I will tell him," growled Alleghy.
"Perhaps that is one reason the boy is here," smiled Kher.
"Why else would he come?"
"He has been sent by the sorcerer to mate. The offspring is to be taken to the Keep." Alleghy coughed, then snarled.
"Who would mate with a northman slave?"
"Your daughter," replied Kher, without any hesitation.
He thought for a moment Alleghy would commit the unforgivable and hit him, or, even worse, strike him dead, nor would he have blamed him. The warrior lord's hand was on his sword. Fury raged in the pale blue eyes that met Kher's and Alleghy nearly choked.
"I have nothing to do with this, Haskar, I promise you," Kher said calmly. He pulled out a sealed billet that he handed to Alleghy who snatched at it.
"What is this?"
"I was told to give it to the father of the boy's choice. The boy has chosen."
Alleghy ripped the billet open and perusing it, the rich colour faded from his cheeks. His voice was hoarse.
"He cannot demand this of me," he whispered. Kher stood impassively when Alleghy swung round to Luton, his pale eyes blazing with loathing and bitter contempt. "You would defile my child? What if she is not willing?" Luton shrugged. "She is barely fifteen cycles, damn you!" exploded Alleghy. Luton made no movement. His eyes just bored into the warrior lord with total indifference. "I shall remember you for this," ground out Alleghy.
"It might be as well for them to meet," suggested Kher, in a politic voice. "He may change his mind."
Alleghy swung from them, anger in every stride that took him to the other side of the hall. There he stood next to a woman who talked with a girl, the girl's hand gently clasped in one of hers. By now there were a goodly number of curious faces close to Kher and Luton.
Luton turned as the girl approached, walking beside her father. Kher saw appraisal in the black eyes, but no tender emotion, and he felt a shiver of revulsion and despair shake him when he looked at the girl, scarcely more than a child. He wondered if the suffering the war brought to so many young would ever stop.
The girl was tall and willowy, her hair loosely long and blond, her eyes large and the Churchik pale blue. She had an engaging smile and an agreeable voice. She curtseyed to Kher and then to Luton. Alleghy put his arm round her in a way that made her look up at him. She looked slight and vulnerable beside such a huge warrior.
"Child, this man asks for you." Alleghy's voice shook with such passion it brought a look of apprehension to the girl's eyes.
"Pater," she said, a quiver in her voice. "I have only come to eletom. Full knowledge does not come for another two seasons, so I am not ready to go to any man."
She glanced briefly at Luton, to see that his eyes glittered down at her in a remote way. Suddenly, she was deeply afraid; at that moment, in the oddest way, she sensed she'd met her destiny, that she'd mate with this strange, alienated youth who stood so coldly in front of her and that she'd have his child. She looked away, shaking.
"You are chosen, Soji. The warlord's wishes cannot be gainsaid," said Alleghy, his voice more under control but the more menacing because of it. Soji shrank close to her father.
"Pater," she whispered, her hand going to her mouth. "Who is he?"
"This is Luton, the mute apprentice of Blach." Soji flinched back, her eyes wide with horror and fear.
"No, Pater, you would not do this to me, I beg of you." Soji clung to her father, but Alleghy pushed her from him abruptly and thrust her at Luton.
"I have no say in the matter, child," he snarled, his eyes meeting Luton's.
Luton looked back down at her when Soji lifted her head - the chill in his eyes froze her and she stood still. When Luton took her hand she whimpered like a weirkit, then, when he looked across at Kher and nodded, Soji hung back, trying to disentangle herself from the strong grip on her hand. Kher understood only too well what was required and turned sharply. Luton gave the hand he held a tug and Soji meekly went with him from the banqueting hall.
~~~
Luton mated often with Soji. Her spirit almost broke when she realised she couldn't relate to Luton in any normal way. She no longer wept or pleaded. She didn't even look up when Kher entered at regular intervals with trays of food. She barely ate. Kher's heart went out to the child he saw lying so still, her face averted and white.
Luton wasn't at all cruel, his technique skilled. He was merely mechanical. At first, when Soji tried to reason with him and struggled, Luton quietly held her down, not ungently, but with enough strength to make her yield. When she failed to reach him, she acquiesced in the same way he did, responding because she was forced to, just as he was, and, finally, like him, detached and without conscious will. As did Luton, she said little, if anything.
The first night, she spoke hesitantly, having not spoken since their meeting. Luton refused to communicate other than in clear body language. Her voice cracked a little.
"Why will you not let me go, Luton?"
Luton lay beside her on the bed, but he sat up at her question and placed his hands at her temples. For the first time she heard his cool, velvety voice in her mind, surprised it was so deep because the youth wasn't physically large-built like her family.
"You haven't yet conceived."
Shock held her speechless. She swallowed with difficulty, staring up into the empty, dark eyes that looked directly down at her.
"Gods," she managed to whisper. "Is that your only reason for being here?"
"That's why the master sent me south, yes."
"So you will keep me with you, like this, until I do?"
"Yes, that's so."
"What if I do not?"
"You will. My master doesn't fail." Soji continued to stare into the sculpted face.
"Are you now a sorcerer, too?"
"No. I'm a slave and I belong to Blach. I must do his bidding in all things."
"And if you do not?"
"I merit severe punishment. It's such I don't court it. I obey in all ways." Soji swallowed hard again, mesmerised by the large black eyes.
"Have you no feelings, Luton, about what you do?"
"No."
"Do you experience anything at all?"
"No."
"Even as you lie with me?"
"I get nothing from our mating." Soji blinked back tears.
"Why does your master want our child?"
"I don't know. A slave isn't told such things."
"Our people enslaved you, Luton, did they not?" Luton's hands moved slightly.
"I'm from the Keep. I know nothing else."
"Can you not try to care a little for me?" came the sad, desperate plea.
"I don't understand what you ask," responded Luton, taking his hands from her temples and hauling himself upright. Soji understood his body language as if she'd been with him for cycles and knew what he wanted. She closed her eyes. They did not communicate again.
The next morning Soji awoke from a restless, tormented doze and turned her head, expecting to see Luton lounge beside her. Instead, she saw him stand tall and dark, remote as ever, at the window, fully clad. Soji felt tears slide down her face. She made no effort to brush them away.
"Is it done then, Luton?"
Luton turned, his dark eyes scanning her. He sat beside her and when he placed his hands on her head, she noticed they trembled and the young face close to hers was wan and very strained.
"It's done. You'll have a daughter." Luton touched her cheek, his finger licking the moisture. "What's this?"
"I am crying," whispered Soji. "We cry when we are hurt or in pain."
"Are you in pain? Are you hurt?" Soji tried to turn her head, but Luton's hands kept her still. When the questions were repeated, she stared up at Luton sadly.
"Yes."
"Have I caused this hurt and pain?"
"Yes, Luton, you have."
"I haven't been hurt by you. I don't understand how I've hurt you. Instead I've given you the gift of my child."
"You do not understand emotion, because you have none."
"That's so."
"Gods," whispered Soji. "What has he done to you?"
When Soji put her hands on his, he pulled back, then stayed still as she ran her hands through his mane of hair and down his face to his lips, her finger tracing the curl of his mouth. A gentle hand touched his cheek in a caress that brought an odd look to the dark eyes, but only for an instant. Then Luton flung her backwards on the cushions and got abruptly to his feet.
He crossed the room, came back with her clothes that he pointed at and nodded, before he strode over to a chair and threw himself into it, refusing to look at her. Slowly, Soji dressed and then sank onto the bed, her eyes fixed to the face of the youth who'd fathered her child.
When Kher entered, Luton lounged in a chair with his cloak draped over one arm. Soji stood motionless by the window. Kher placed the tray he carried on the table and waited until Luton rose and crossed to him, his hands to the haskar's head.
"There'll be a daughter. She can go back to her father, though she's been told, in two cycles from now, the child will be brought to the Keep to my master. My master expects my return. I've obeyed him. If I delay without good cause he'll hurt me very badly, Kher." Luton turned away and flung himself back in the chair.
Kher crossed to Soji and gently turned her to face him. His hand stroked her cheek in a gesture of comfort, but she just stared up at the haskar when he took her hand and led her quietly from the room.
~~~
When Kher returned later, his face was remarkably grim. He didn't bother to tell Luton how unspeakably maddened Alleghy was when Soji was brought to him. The haskar's ferocity was barely quelled when Kher left them together, Alleghy with a rigid form held against him that couldn't cry and wouldn't respond to her father. Kher mounted the stairs to Luton's room and entered without ceremony. He spoke quietly, but firmly.
"We must leave, now, Luton. I may be lucky to get you out alive, boy."
Luton was at the window. He turned on the haskar's entrance, his eyes empty and almost insensible, and his face white and etched with weariness. He walked across to Kher to put his hands to the haskar's head.
"I've obeyed my master's commands," came into Kher's mind. "I can't do other than what he orders. He expects me back. If I delay, he'll punish me." Luton stepped back and waited.
Kher suddenly felt overwhelming pity for Luton. Again he saw him as a boy so badly hurt by his captors and then as Blach had made him. His compassion went very deep. He realised, as most others did not, that the Churchik had created the youth who stood here and that any blame for what Luton might do was theirs alone.
"Come then, boy," he said, very gently. "We must get you away."
The haskar noticed that when Luton was touched he didn't flinch away, but stood passively like the young slave boy of so long ago. That brought a sad smile to Kher's eyes. He led Luton unresisting and submissive from the inn.
~~~
The crowds posed a real problem for Kher in getting Luton from Chika. The slave caravan Mensak mentioned had indeed brought people from miles around, the boy market they passed thronging with sight-seers and would-be purchasers. Kher looked sideways at Luton when they rode slowly past, but he saw no interest in the dark eyes, just acceptance. When Luton saw Kher glance at him, he pointed to the boy slaves and then to himself with another of his shrugs.
The main slave market was a hive of activity and incredible noise. They were delayed there by a series of chained slaves being chivvied with canes and whips from a narrow street to the main selling block. The travellers had to immediately dismount and lead their horses, Kher tense and sharply ordering his men to flank Luton, the warrior nervous because a threat could come from anywhere in such a crowded place.
They were, however, able to remount just beyond the arch that led to the main market and Kher could spur his horse to quicken the pace. They reached the eastern gate easily enough, Kher deliberately choosing that one because he suspected Alleghy's men would wait at the northern gate. They passed through without comment, though Luton got one or two looks as he passed. Kher gave the order to veer northwest and then to gallop.
Kher kept the pace on, every so often looking over his shoulder because he expected pursuit. About five miles beyond the city and headed due north, Han glanced back and discerned a faint dust cloud.
"My lord," he called to Kher. "We have pursuers."
Kher drew up his horse sharply and turned to a halt. He stared into the distance, then looked at his men and then Luton.
"Follow!" he commanded, spurring his horse back the way they'd come. Luton did exactly what the others did, eventually all stopping half a mile closer to the city where they drew up waiting, Kher's eyes like flint. He was mounted in front of Luton and the warriors clustered closely and protectively around the young man.
The pursuing riders drew up beyond them, then turned in a cloud of dust and stamping hooves, their horses whinnying. Kher rode forward, his face a mask of cold anger.
"Who dares follow me?" he demanded, in a voice of menace.
One rider spurred his horse forward and Kher realised it was Sven, Alleghy's elder son. Sven threw up a hand.
"I do not seek to insult you, my lord." Kher wrenched his horse back on its haunches, his visage grimmer than ever.
"No?" he asked bitingly. Sven looked beyond him to Luton and his teeth ground audibly.
"No, my lord. I wish to deal with that fiend you have with you." Kher's smile belied the ice in his eyes.
"That boy is under my protection. You must answer to me!"
Sven was a junior warrior, so the implied threat from Kher made him sweat. His father's orders, however, were explicit.
"My lord," he said with difficulty. "I, too, have my orders."
At this point Kher turned aghast, because Luton drew up next to him and nodded across at Sven. Kher watched the youth ride forward to the enraged Churchik as Sven turned his horse sideways, his blue eyes blazing with disgust and rage.
"You cannot speak, can you, you bastard?" Luton shook his head, his cold eyes never wavering from Sven's face.
"Luton," called Kher. "Luton, let me speak for you."
Luton ignored him and remained unmoving, even when Sven spat at him. The young warrior almost stuttered with anger.
"You took my sister and broke her. And she says she will have your child. Do you deny that?" Again Luton shook his head. Sven, looking deeply into the dark eyes for any sign of emotion, found none. "Curse you!" he snarled. "Do you not have any conscience, you miserable slave of an inferior race?" As he spoke, Sven quite deliberately turned his horse and flicked his whip with intent.
Without obvious movement from Luton, Sven's arm stayed poised in mid-air, he couldn't move and he flinched at the frigid and incredulous voice that entered his mind. Kher realised, at that exact moment, that, somehow, Luton was being permitted to respond differently. He, too, heard the voice in his mind. His horse took a step back under pressure from the haskar's knees.
"You think to whip me?" came the incredulous voice in Sven's mind. "I've done what my master ordered - I'm a slave as you well know. You're an enslaver, so you know, too, that I must obey. I don't know what a conscience is, nor do I think I'm a bastard. And yes, your sister carries my child. Think on what you and your people do to others. Don't presume to judge me. I don't judge any of you."
The last words were accompanied by a surge of power that made Sven open his mouth and howl. All those present, other than Luton, winced when they saw Sven throw back his head, the sound from him enough to cause shivers, and the unease increased when the young warrior's whip hand fell. Luton turned his horse so he faced Sven. Kher remained where he was and watched Sven.
Sven spat on the ground again, the look on his face one of bitter hatred. He spoke very distinctly.
"One day you will answer to me for what you have done, mute."
Luton stared impassively back at him, his eyes bleak, then, to Sven's surprise, the tall, dark youth nodded at him. Sven rejoined the small group who'd come with him and, as one, they wheeled and returned to Chika.
Kher and Luton rode back to the warriors who sat silent throughout the interlude, their brows furrowed with thought. Kher looked hard at Luton, before he spurred his horse forward. They rode at a brisk canter, Kher's mind in turmoil. He hadn't expected Luton to act in his own defence but when he did, and so easily, Kher was more profoundly disturbed than he was prepared to admit. Yet again he wondered what Blach had done to the boy and what the future was for Luton - it frankly deeply concerned the haskar. He feared for Luton. Again he wished there was something he could do to mitigate some of the colossal harm done to the young man.
~~~
Their days northwards were easy. Certainly it was cold and Kher had to make sure Luton was properly clad and kept as warm as possible. If they didn't camp, they stayed in small hamlets, rather than in the towns that were quite noticeably more devastated beyond the borders of Churchik lands.
If it was possible for Luton to be content, then Kher thought he was. He liked the scenery and studied people they met with detached interest, his hands back on Kher's head to ask questions. Kher no longer felt Luton had to be protected because it was obvious the boy could look after himself. So, Kher reasoned, if Luton wanted to wander off on his own, as he invariably did, then it was not up to the haskar to hinder what the boy wanted to do. He just left Luton to it.
Of an evening, Kher studied the young face with the newly formed beard that clung to the chin and cheeks. As he'd done cycles before, Luton began to sprawl on his stomach again, his chin cupped in his hands while he stared expressionlessly into the fire. Some of Kher's longing and affection for him made Luton sit quietly next to the haskar one evening, his hands up to speak. Kher waited for the words to come to his mind.
"You show that you -," Luton hesitated, as though he chose his words carefully, "respond to me in a certain way. Why?"
"I care about you, Luton, and feel concern for you and for what your master may do with you."
"I'm his slave. I do as he bids, otherwise I'm badly hurt."
"Yes, boy," responded Kher softly. "I know that, but I still care deeply for you."
"As you did for the other slave boy you spoke of earlier?"
"In exactly the same way, boy, yes."
"Then your feelings do indeed run deep for me. I'm unable to respond, though it pleases me to be near you. I don't feel threatened." Kher had to cough to clear his throat.
"I would never hurt you, Luton," he said huskily, aware that Luton had taken his hands away and sat cross-legged, his eyes distant.
When Kher very gently touched the dark, curly head, Luton didn't flinch but stayed motionless, for the first time accepting the haskar's brief caress. Malekim would have been startled as well as angered had he seen Luton display such responses.
~~~
Not far from the Keep, late of an evening, they reached a small hostelry set back off the main road. In the public room, Kher ordered tankards for six while Lus led the way to a table set against the wall. They thankfully sank down. It had been a long day in the saddle and they were tired, even Luton, who was rarely weary and rested only infrequently, his restless spirit driving him though he had no idea why. When the landlord brought over tankards and set them on the table, he waited for Kher's order.
"What food do you have?" asked Kher, raising the tankard to his mouth.
"Potage, rye cake pie, stoup, weln cheese that's well smoked. You choose, my lord." Kher raised an eyebrow at the men and when the warriors plumped for potage, Luton nodded for that as well.
When food was served they ate with a will, even Luton who wolfed down his food as though he was starving. Kher was only half-way through his serving when he saw Luton was finished, his look at the youth rubbing a hand across his mouth a questioning and startled one.
"Are you hungry, boy?" The head nodded. "Do you want more?" The head nodded again. Kher pointed to the bar. "Go and ask the man for more." Luton rose and walked over to the landlord who stared curiously up at him.
"Aye, lad, what is it?"
Luton pointed to his empty plate, and then at the man who stood scratching his beard, his eyes searching Luton's. The landlord waited for a moment, then, when no words were forthcoming, he shrugged and took the plate that he filled generously.
"You still hungry, lad?" Luton nodded and waited patiently. "You need food by the look of you too. You're very slight for such a tall fellow, aren't you?"
Again came the indifferent shrug, before Luton bowed his head in thanks and carefully made his way back to the table, unaware of curious eyes that watched him.
"You seem abnormally hungry, boy," observed Kher casually. Luton looked across at him, his eyes still more empty than hard, then he bowed his head and began to eat.
While the travellers ate, conversation resumed, mostly concerned with the successes of Lodestok's army in the north. The talk ebbed and flowed. Kher listened with amused interest. He'd no idea when he'd be called north to join the warlord, but suspected it would be in another cycle, after Soji's child was taken to the Keep. He guessed he'd just have to wait and was content to do so.
He lounged comfortably, his ear attuned to the voices around him and his eyes settled on Luton who finished his food, pushed his platter from him and stayed slightly hunched with his tankard clasped in both hands. Kher glanced away when he heard a speaker close to them.
"Few slaves and all now, they say."
"Why's that?" came another voice.
"Everywhere he goes people have abandoned everything. The cities and towns are empty and the fields are fired before he gets there. It may not be true of course, but I believe it," said the first voice.
"Why would they leave towns and not fight?"
"Oh they fight alright," said a third and deeper voice. "They just don't wait in the towns. They fight from the forests and the mountains."
"You been up north then?"
"No," was the response, "but my lad brother was - he got injured and decided to head south. He counted himself lucky he escaped from the camp and had a few tales to tell, you can believe that."
Another voice spoke thoughtfully.
"It's said the warlord's getting fed up with the constant attacks on the flanks and rear of his army."
"He's got complete control though," argued the second voice.
"Aye," agreed the fourth voice, adding, "though it's said there's a very big army massed way up north that's waiting for the warlord." At that, Kher exchanged a startled look with his men.
"They'd better be good then," chuckled another voice. "Cartok's gone, Samar's dead, and Sushi's well on the way to falling."
"The warlord will easily defeat everyone."
"Not so easily," cautioned another voice, making Kher straighten and listen more intently. "I hear this northern army's very well organised and they have someone very clever who oversees strategy and tactics. That's why the warlord's angered by those attacks you talked about. Seems to me their tactics so far have been excellent. No slaves left for the warlord, no food, and fields fired. Withdrawal isn't so stupid." Listening, Kher had to agree.
"Could be a good fight when it comes then," murmured another.
There was a lull in the discussion and vaguely mumbled comments, until a carrying voice from the other side of the room brought Kher's head around with renewed interest.
"The warlord has a pretty boy, too." A murmur swept the room.
"He always has them," said someone else.
"Not like this one, so they say. This lad's a truly beautiful boy and's been with the warlord for some cycles now."
Kher drank and exchanged a look with his grinning men, because Lodestok's proclivities were well known in the south. Even so, the comments made Kher thoughtful, because the only boy who'd survived any long contact with the warlord was young Sarssen; Kher always thought the pale blond warrior an unusual young one. So another boy had survived life with Lodestok. Kher mused on that while the talk resumed about him. Luton didn't move.
"Travels with the warlord, does he?"
"Always, if what we hear's true."
"He won't last indefinitely," came a lazy voice from the far side of the room. "They never do." Another laugh went round the room.
"Better dead if you're pretty than caught by the warlord, eh?" chuckled someone.
Kher drained his tankard and was about to signal for another drink when the next words made him stiffen, his eyes flickering to Luton.
"Nor," said the voice earnestly, "would I want to belong to the sorcerer."
Seeing Luton's shoulders straighten, Kher spoke so very gently and quietly only Luton would've heard him.
"You must listen but say nothing, boy. Can you hear me?" Luton looked directly at the haskar and he gave a sharp nod in reply. "Your master would agree with me." Kher saw Luton's shoulders slump as the youth went into his typical hunch. The dark head went down and stayed down. "Do not respond so, boy. I act only from concern for you." Kher looked fleetingly at the head that didn't move and sighed.
The conversation about the sorcerer faltered to a stop, but it finished on an odd note that made Kher jerk up his head again, astonished. It brought Luton's up head too.
"Lagy was saying as how the sorcerer's apprentice turned up in Chika. He's a mute they say, and a slave, but I can't tell you anything else."
"Someone said the slave was taken as a boy."
"The sorcerer only likes mutes."
"How long's the sorcerer had this slave then?"
"No one seems to really know."
"He'll be destroyed once he's finished his usefulness," was the next comment.
Kher saw Luton's hunch deepen and he rose to show that it was time for the travellers to retire, a tap on Luton's shoulders having him instantly on his feet. Kher thought Luton looked drained and pale. What concerned Kher was the speed with which news travelled, especially since they hadn't wasted time returning north. He pensively stroked his beard as he led the way upstairs. He stopped outside the room Luton shared with Emil.
"See if you can try to rest, boy," he suggested quietly. "You look very weary."
He thought he saw a flicker in the dark eyes, before Luton nodded submissively and went into the room.
~~~
Luton was obediently bent double at the feet of his master, making no effort to move when prodded roughly with Blach's foot.
"Rise, slave." Luton was made to stand in front of his master, his eyes held by the hollowed depths that were Blach's. Blach abruptly cut the contact and shoved Luton to a chair. "I'll interrogate you more closely later, Luton. I see you obeyed me."
"Yes, Master." Luton blinked, his eyes unexpectedly sore after contact with Blach's. He rubbed them.
"You appear to have done well. The girl's pregnant."
"I stayed a little longer to be sure."
"Excellent, Luton. You begin to show indication of intelligence at last." Luton stared at the floor. "Did you enjoy anything?"
"A little, Master."
"What did you most appreciate?"
"The countryside, Master, and the space."
"Ah, you appreciate the elements, do you? How delightful!" There was malice in the voice, but since Luton had become accustomed to being treated with scorn, he stayed silent. Blach walked around, his robe swirling about him. "You'll return to your study, slave, where your life will continue where it left off. You are proficient in some arts but lack in others."
"Master."
"Enchantments are all very well, slave, but they must have cohesion and be credible, nor have you adequately mastered divination of the properties of things merely by contact, have you?"
"No."
"You've only begun to move beyond the range of sense." Luton stayed silent and still while the voice in his mind spoke meditatively. "You can enhance images and perceptions almost instinctively now - we need to build on that. Your spell-casting lacks finesse - work on it or I'll make you sorry you haven't."
"I will, Master."
"I wish you to use force to ensure a spirit responds to your immediate call - it must be a compulsion, Luton. You must channel the hidden forces of nature, so you can shape them. You'll create your own objects as givers and takers of life - these you will keep constantly with you or else suffer the consequences.
But today you begin to order the mysteries of power over imagination and over individual will. You'll learn all this, though not for a moment do you cease your copying and the learning you've already begun. I don't wish to see you until I call for you again. You'll work, slave, because if you don't, you'll die." There was the ghost of a laugh in Luton's mind.
He answered passively, "As you will." Blach stared at the still figure.
"Rise and get out of those ridiculous clothes."
Automatically Luton rose and stripped, so he could don his apprentice robe and pants. When Blach snapped his fingers and the travelling clothes disappeared, Luton knew he was back with his master again. It was as if he'd never been away from the Keep.
"Approach me!"
Luton obeyed. With his chin gripped by long, boney fingers he was forced once more to look into fathomless eyes. He sank, fully submerged to a master's power and will that was absolute. This time, Blach went deeply into Luton's awareness, both to check the block he'd put in place cycles ago was still intact, and then to enjoy what his slave did at his bidding. He passed rapidly over most of the youth's recent experiences, shrugging off as totally insignificant Luton's meetings and conversations. When he saw no obvious signs of tampering other than his own, and certainly unsuspicious of any other touch that might be superior to his, he withdrew with a mirthless smile at the callous use of Soji. It reminded Blach of his triumph when he'd taken Melas with the same cruel indifference. His smile broadened.
He released Luton and watched him stand motionless and submissive. Luton heard the disdainful voice in his mind, even as his eyes and head began to uncomfortably throb.
"You have barely three cycles to master both your acquired skills, and your new ones, slave, before you leave me again. You simply won't survive if you haven't learned, so think on that while you work and be diligent. Before anyone has a chance to touch you, Luton, I'll destroy you before the appointed time myself."
"I understand, Master." Luton was ungently kicked and backed.
"I'm sure you do, boy."
The sneer that went with the words was ignored by Luton, nor did he see the contempt with which Blach turned his back on him. He went quietly from the room.
He stood meditatively at his desk, staring at the empty shelves where the tomes he'd worked from had been and knew instinctively that should he forget anything from them, that he'd learned by heart, Blach would make him suffer in a most unpleasant way. He sat, waiting for the work to materialise in front of him. Though his master was never physically present at such occasions, still Luton knew the trials and endurance of testing and interrogation that he endured would begin again with remorseless regularity. He bent his head. Blach would've been surprised to see his apprentice lick his lips as he'd done as a sentient and badly frightened boy.
When he stooped over the pile of manuscripts and scrolls that appeared on his desk, Luton felt an uncharacteristic yearning he didn't understand. He missed the fresh air and the open spaces; most of all, he missed the clear waters where he'd often gone to sit on his own with his hands trailing in the water. He shrugged in self-mockery, then that passed and he thought of the warrior lord, Kher, who was so different from everybody else. He even remembered the haskar's touch that stirred something very deep in him.
With characteristic obedience and the faintest of sighs, Luton turned to his task, acutely aware the sorcerer didn't jest when he said his slave's life hung in the balance. Sometimes Luton wondered idly when Blach would dispose of him.
Blach was busy in his study where a paralysed mute lay on a table, the only movement permitted the man during Blach's experiments being his agonised eyes. So Blach didn't see the new haunted look in his apprentice's eyes, he didn't register the hunger in the boy's essence and he certainly didn't hear the wistful sigh.
Subservient as ever, Luton wisely and intuitively relegated any thoughts concerning his trip to his deepest subconscious, where he'd an instinct they'd be safe. The disturbance, around the base of the sorcerer's block in Luton's mind, flared briefly in agitation then became quiescent.
Luton stared intently at the scroll he held in one slender hand, and, reading it, became engrossed. He hunched over the desk.


CHAPTER TWELVE

On the day Kosko brought two strangers through the gates of Indigo, Chlorien, up a tree with Jochoh watching comings and goings with fascination, felt suddenly choked. Jochoh noticed her distress when she whitened, her eyes went very dark and she desperately drew back into foliage and abruptly closed her mind. She watched while the desert lord and the other two men dismounted, then left the courtyard. Chlorien and Jochoh quickly scrambled down from the tree, Chlorien grasping her friend's hand with urgency.
"Take me to my father," she implored. "Please hurry!"
Together they ran through the halls, dodging people and racing along corridors, until, panting, they arrived at the door to Autoc's chamber, where he was ensconced in a chair with a book open in his lap and a pipe at his mouth. He looked up with a smile that deserted him as soon as he saw Chlorien's face.
"What is it? Tell me." He snapped the book closed and placed it on the floor, then held out his arms to the girl who stood trembling. Chlorien dropped Jochoh's hand and rushed to Autoc.
"They're here, Father." Her voice was muffled against his chest.
"Our pursuers?" Autoc asked, his voice tired but resigned. Chlorien nodded. "When did you see them, lad?" Chlorien couldn't speak, so the mage directed the question at Jochoh, who shuffled from one foot to another but answered readily enough. "Who were they with, Jochoh?" Quickly, the boy told the mage everything he'd told Chlorien. "I see," muttered Autoc. "This comes as no surprise."
He was about to speak again when Jaim came into the room, forgetting to limp, or use his stick, as he hurried forward. He didn't see the odd look Jochoh gave him.
"What is it?" he asked anxiously.
"Our henchmen have come with a desert lord. No doubt some bargaining's been going on. I suppose it was to be expected." Jaim groaned and sank into a chair.
"If it's not one thing, it's another," he grumbled. "What now?" Autoc looked across at Jochoh.
"You're a good lad, Jochoh. I'm grateful to you for bringing Chlorien to me safely and so promptly. You must now return to your father. And Jochoh," he added very softly, "you stay with your father. You do know what I mean, don't you?"
There was instant comprehension in the green eyes, before the boy turned swiftly and left the chamber.
Autoc then bent his energies to calming Chlorien. His usual reassurances had no affect this time. Jaim glanced over at the two, his lips pursed. Though he felt he could cope easily with Ohb and Queeb, Autoc was concerned for Chlorien - she was so young and vulnerable and felt such terror, his face became remarkably grim. He felt he couldn't rely on a panic-stricken girl keeping her mind closed, so, meeting her darkened eyes, he entered a mind where seething thoughts and fears tumbled over each other. Autoc calmly closed her mind so she had no memory, other than that she was Schol's son. She retained her experiences as a boy. He withdrew, his eyes still looking deeply into the violet ones.
Chlorien shook her head and then yawned widely. She didn't see how gravely Jaim's face was set. Jaim and Autoc saw nothing in her eyes except alertness and curiosity, all traces of the confusion and fear gone. She yawned again. Autoc leaned forward to pick up his book and opened it, glancing casually first at Jaim, then at Chlorien. Jaim quietly turned and began to be busy on the other side of the room. Autoc spoke calmly.
"You were saying, little one?" he asked, bending to collect his pipe that was knocked to the ground. He became preoccupied with it. Chlorien stood looking puzzled.
"I forget, Father."
"Then it can have been of no moment, can it?" Chlorien shook her head and though Jaim's expression relaxed, Autoc's didn't.
"Then I'll go and find Jochoh," she announced, moving swiftly to the door.
"No you can't, lad," disagreed Autoc, looking up from his pipe. "You'll stay with one of us from now on. There are many desert lords about and Jochoh has to be with his family. There's no place there for you, nor do I wish you to wander. I hope we can be on our way very soon, lad."
"Oh!" Chlorien digested this and threw herself on the bed. "I'll miss being here, Father."
"Aye, lad, we all will. It's been very pleasant in Indigo."
"What's there to do?" mumbled Chlorien.
"You could read and learn in a way that's become foreign to you these last weeks, child," suggested Autoc, his face a little less grim.
Chlorien looked over at him, saw his expression and didn't argue. With a sigh, she stretched to a nearby table, lifted a book, and, opening it reluctantly, hauled herself up on the cushions and idly began to read. Jaim lounged over to a chair and sprawled at his ease. There was silence in the chamber.
~~~
Mid-afternoon Choja entered unobtrusively, a serious expression on his face. He looked hesitantly at Autoc.
"The Sophy requests you come to the gathering for any questions that may be asked."
Autoc rose. Jaim stretched and pointed to where Chlorien lay, sound asleep, so Choja crossed to her to gently shake her awake.
"Waken, sapling!" Chlorien blinked up at the tribesman who stood over her and stumbled to her feet obediently. "Follow!" instructed Choja curtly.
"Caution, little one," came into Chlorien's mind, as she meekly fell in between Jaim and Choja.
The hall, in one of the east wings of the palatial establishment, was enormous, but it didn't look overly large with the crowd of desert lords assembled there. Autoc looked for one man, Kosko. He picked him out immediately. There was a cruel, calculating curl to the desert lord's mouth that warned Autoc to tread warily. Beside Kosko sat Queeb and Ohb, the latter's face wearing a complacent smile, the former's face rigidly cold. It could've been cast in stone. At their entrance, the Sophy spoke sharply.
"Come forward, travellers."
Keeping Chlorien close to him, Autoc stepped forward, aware of the softly muttering Jaim flanking him and of tension in Chlorien's shoulders. Chojoh turned to the gather.
"These are the strangers who request permission to travel through our lands. Listen as they're questioned and consider their request in the light of our earlier discussion. They ask to pass through to the Elban lands to the north."
Autoc gave an inward grin; so the Sophy was good at dissembling, too, was he?
"Gently, child," he sent to Chlorien. "We're part of a game."
There was a hum of words tossed to and fro, then a desert lord stepped forward.
"Who are they?" he demanded. Chojoh waved at Autoc.
"Speak!" he ordered. Autoc imperceptibly sighed.
"I'm Schol, a traveller who goes with his son, Lorien. We're accompanied by the lad's uncle, Jaim." Out of the corner of his eye he saw that Chojoh, Choja and Jochoh all impassively accepted Chlorien's name change.
"Why do you wish to pass through our lands?"
"There was a very large army behind us after we left the Samar States. We'd no wish to be followed by such."
"Why do you go to Elban lands?"
"The lad's Mam awaits him. She's not seen her lad for some cycles."
"You don't wish to deal or trade with us? You make no demands of us?" Autoc shook his head.
"We ask nothing except that we travel unmolested through your lands." There were more loud mutterings, before Kosko stepped forward.
"The old man wasn't with you when you left the Samar States, was he?" he asked, a contemptuous smile curving his very full lips.
"No," responded Autoc coolly.
"Why not?"
"I'm not the man's keeper. Since he lives in Sindabar for part of the cycle, we stayed a time with him and then brought him with us. Ask him yourself."
"Why?"
"I wish to see my youngest sister who's the lad's mother," growled Jaim. "Is that such an odd concept for you to grasp, desert lord?" In turn, Kosko stared hard into tawny eyes that warned him to be very careful. Like Chojoh before him, Kosko had an uncomfortable feeling this old man had a touch of menace about him.
"No," he replied. "Desert lords understand the concept of family."
"Good," growled Jaim, lapsing back into silence. Kosko turned back to the mage.
"It's a long journey for one so young and one so old, isn't it?"
"Aye," agreed Autoc courteously.
"Is it necessary?" persisted Kosko.
"Yes, it is," was the polite response.
"And if others wanted the boy, say, for a harem, would you object?"
"I'm the lad's father, desert lord. A father knows how to care for his young. Of course I'd object. Wouldn't you?"
"The boy's very pretty. Have you met the two travellers who are with me?" Schol stared disinterestedly at Ohb and Queeb.
"We've met," he said, in a bored voice. "They tried to buy my boy. He's not for sale."
"What if that's the only way you'll be permitted to leave Indigo, traveller?"
The smile on Kosko's face was cruel and anticipatory indeed. There was a long silence. Chlorien shrank closer to Autoc and Jaim stood very straight.
"I'd suggest," said Autoc, his voice gently threatening, "that it would be a most unwise man who attempted to harm my son."
Kosko shrugged and turned from them. He spat on the floor as he did so. Choja tensed at the insult to both their guests and to the Sophy, but Autoc saw the Sophy's infinitesimal shake of the head. The deep green eyes conveyed a very clear warning both to his son and to their guests. Choja stepped forward and, as if to highlight the desert lord's lack of courtesy and deliberate insult, the Sophysun's bow to Kosko was deep and flourishing. Jaim saw it was noted with approval by the majority in the hall.
"May we also see your traveller guests, Kosko?" Kosko shrugged. He turned to Queeb who nodded, then he and Ohb stepped forward. Choja eyed them, his eyes like flint. "Who are you?"
"I'm Queeb and my friend's Ohb," came the cold response.
"What are you?"
"Travellers, like the others."
"Where are you from?"
"The south."
"Why do you seek passage?"
"Like the travellers, we move north."
"It's usual for any strangers, who aren't turned back from the desert, to be brought immediately before the Sophy as is our custom. You weren't. How long have you been with the desert lord Kosko?"
Queeb had his back to Kosko, so didn't see the warning frown come to the desert lord's face. Nor did he see the tiny shake of the head.
"We've been travelling with Kosko for some time now."
"As I said," stated Choja clearly. "That's unacceptable." Queeb merely shrugged. Choja paused, before he went on. "Did you try to buy Schol's son?" Queeb gave an unpleasant smile.
"Yes. He's very pretty. If we had him, we'd consider leaving your lands and turning south again." Choja's look at both men was unreadable, though when he stepped back it was with a gesture of disgust that wasn't missed by the gathering.
"It's not the custom of our people to bond boys to sexual servitude," he said very quietly. "Nor do we expect strangers to give one reason for their presence in our lands, then say that they'll leave for another reason. We can only wonder what your motives are for being amongst us. I ask no more questions."
The Sophy waved a hand of dismissal at the mage. Autoc quickly turned and shepherded Chlorien from the gathering. Jaim followed. Neither he nor the mage was surprised when they saw some of Choja's men meet them at the hall entrance and discreetly escort them back to Autoc's chamber.
It was dark when Choja quietly entered. Autoc stood looking out the window into blackness and Chlorien, bored, had gone back to sleep. Jaim sat on the edge of the bed watching her.
Autoc turned, saying resignedly, "What are they doing, Choja?" Choja eyed the mage grimly.
"It's quite simple, Schol. Kosko will continue to recognise the Sophy without the anticipated challenge and without contest if he gives your boy to the strangers." Autoc drew in his breath. "They're your pursuers, aren't they? And it's not a harem they want the boy for, is it?"
"And Jaim and me?" Autoc asked, nodding then shaking his head in answer to Choja's questions.
"Kosko's happy for you to pass through our lands. Most of the other desert lords already were, before Kosko spoke. It was only his satellites who supported him."
"And the Sophy?"
"Don't underestimate the Sophy," whispered Choja fiercely.
"I don't, Choja. Your father's an unusual man."
"What do you wish to do, Schol? Do we wait to see how my father deals with Kosko and then lets you leave, or do you wish to act now?"
"Now!" growled Jaim from the bed. The tribesman flicked him the trace of a smile, then turned back to Autoc who stroked his beard.
"I agree with Jaim, Choja, but I need to know something first. How will our disappearance affect you and your father? I'd do nothing to cause either of you harm." Choja's smile was singularly unpleasant, his lips curled back from his teeth in a snarl.
"The Sophy will challenge Kosko about the strangers."
"In what way?"
"They weren't brought to him in the first place, which is a serious discourtesy and breach of desert protocol, they lied that they came seeking passage - dissembling by others isn't encouraged in our lands though we do it well ourselves. They abused the rites of hospitality by demanding a Sophy's guest as hostage. Kosko compounded the insult by using such an abuse for personal gain and he spat, which was a personal insult to the Sophy." Choja paused. "I could go on, as doubtless the Sophy will," he added, his grin now wide.
"I begin to follow your questioning at the gather, Choja," chuckled Jaim appreciatively.
"My father will force Kosko to make a public admission of these perceived lapses, Schol, and Kosko will have to admit, too, that he tried to bribe the Sophy. No one," said Choja with relish, "offers bribes to a Sophy. Kosko will be humiliated and he'll have to forfeit much."
"That'll make him a most bitter enemy, Choja," warned Autoc.
"We know that, Schol. It's happened before."
"But don't forget Queeb and Ohb."
"Don't concern yourself, Schol." There was a glint in Choja's eyes. "My father has other knowledge of Kosko of which the desert lord is unaware. The boy's disappearance will sink in what's to come." Autoc's eyes lit with amusement.
"I'll miss conversations with the Sophy," he observed. "He has a most interesting mind."
"Devious," murmured Jaim, standing and stretching. Choja bowed at that.
"That's a compliment," he assured Jaim. The smile that touched his eyes went and he looked sombre. "Schol, you must assemble all you need quickly. I anticipated your answer. Bring yourselves to the stables where we'll await you."
Autoc and Jaim wasted no time sorting and packing methodically, before Autoc shook Chlorien awake once more and pulled her to her feet, words of warning spoken softly.
"Not a sound, little one. We're moving on." Chlorien stared up at him, momentarily disoriented, then her eyes cleared and she nodded. With Jaim, they moved quietly through the door and stealthily down the corridor. "You know quick and quiet ways to the stables, lad, don't you?" Autoc sent. Chlorien responded straight away, her message assured.
"Yes, Father. That's easy." Autoc paused with a hand on her shoulder.
"Lead on, child. We'll follow."
Chlorien stood still briefly, then turned, began to backtrack, and led the mage and the Gnosti through a maze of corridors that left the men utterly confused. Autoc heard Jaim mutter to himself as he hurried along behind, and, in spite of everything, the mage had to grin. He thought, if his direction wasn't completely astray, that Chlorien led them towards the front entrance and he was about to remonstrate when she swerved unexpectedly, veered left and stopped. She looked up at Autoc.
"This is how Jochoh and I got into the stables the day you let Choja punish me," came her thought in the mage's mind.
"That rankles, does it, little one?" he sent back. He saw the grin on her face before she turned from him, gently easing open a door that the mage would never have known was there. He heard the deep chuckle from Jaim and grinned again.
They entered the back of the main stables, a flickering light at the far side of them acting as a guiding beacon through the dark. Chlorien made no errors of footing and the men continued to follow her until she brought them to where they could see Choja, already mounted, with Jochoh astride a smaller horse beside him. Six other tribesmen were ready and saddlebags bulged with provisions. Two heavier horses also carried provisions and a tribesman held the extra reins from them; obviously he'd lead them.
Autoc looked questioningly at Choja, who just sharply shook his head and pointed to their horses ready and saddled. Jaim and Autoc quickly tied their bundles to smaller ones they assumed held some sort of provisions for each person.
"How," whispered Jaim to Choja, "are you going to get us all out without anyone hearing us?" Choja pointed to the hoof of his horse. Jaim looked down and nodded comprehension when he looked from Choja's horse to all the others; they all had hooves swathed in very heavy cloth. "And any guards that Kosko may have brought?" pursued Jaim, feeling very like the old man he masqueraded as.
"The desert lord's men are drunk," hissed Choja, baring his teeth. "The Chojoh's renowned for his hospitality. The guards are my father's men. Let's move!" He glanced at Jaim, then turned to Autoc. "I'll lead, you three follow me close and my men will be behind you. Jochoh, forward, boy."
Autoc found it singularly nerve-racking to begin with, as the horses moved forward in single file, their hoof-beats muffled but still painfully audible to the mage's ears. They crossed the stable-yard and out into one of the smaller inner courtyards, all following Choja who kept as close to the walls as he could and carefully edged his horse round potted ornamentals. Jaim understood the need for a circuitous route, but he almost swore fluently when his horse nearly crashed into a pot and had to be quickly jerked back. Autoc could hear him mutter again.
They crossed a terrace and down steps to another courtyard, then snaked through a series of arches that took them along a cloister, Autoc expecting, at any moment, to hear sounds of pursuit. The only shadows they saw were their own or those of the Sophy's men melting back out of the riders' way. They finally reached the large courtyard entrance where they had shelter from the huge trees that blocked any light and disguised movement.
Choja urged his horse to a canter and led the others out into the broad avenue. Once they were well away from the courtyard, Choja threw a command over his shoulder and set off at a gallop, not slackening the pace until they reached the markets and beehive dwellings that spawned off them. Here they reined in to a sedate walk before galloping again. When they reached the huge main gates of Indigo, Choja drew up and made a noise in his throat, twice. He waited. He repeated the sound. This second time a figure approached.
"Sophysun?" it murmured.
"Yes, it's Choja," he replied softly.
Then he said something Autoc didn't catch. The figure retreated and a few minutes later men dragged open the gates. Choja gave a single whistled note as he moved his horse forward. The others followed in silence. They heard the gates hauled to behind them and then slammed shut, bolts jammed hard home.
Outside Indigo, Choja signalled a halt. He waited until everyone dismounted, then curtly directed the travellers to unmuffle the horses' feet, something he'd already started to do for his mount. Once this was done, Choja checked each rider's mount then glanced over the standing figures cursorily.
"Let's move," he suggested. "There may be pursuit."
It was a strange ride through the dark. All around was sandy gravel and silence, the only sound the breathing of galloping horses. The air was warm and still. Choja frequently altered their pace to ease the strain on their mounts, but after several miles had been put between them and Indigo they mostly walked or trotted the horses. Autoc didn't relax.
He let his mind range until he could sense Blach's men. Not only did he sense their gloating over what they considered was a foregone conclusion to the negotiations, but he also picked up how they intended to treat the boy they expected to be given the following day. That made the mage's face harden into barely recognisable lines. The two men were still at the gathering that showed no signs of being broken up by the Sophy. Autoc could've blessed Chojoh. His eyes rested on the figure now riding next to him, and, since he sensed no distress from Chlorien and she looked easy in the saddle, Autoc decided to leave her memory blocked for the time being.
They rode through the night, stopped briefly in the morning for food and rest for the horses, then rode again. Choja wasn't talkative. As usual his men were silent and thoughtful and Jaim and Autoc, both sensing Choja didn't want to discuss anything, didn't try to communicate.
Chlorien and Jochoh rode together, their heads facing each other with words tumbling from their lips and heads thrown back with laughter every so often. Theirs was the only sound that disturbed the silence of the desert. With sundown, Choja drew to a halt, and turning, flung a command at his men. He looked across at Jochoh and Chlorien.
"You'll assemble the oublas, boys, and then care for all the horses. Be quick about it!"
The pair slithered from their mounts immediately and stood waiting until Choja, Autoc and Jaim dismounted, then they gathered up all the reins and disappeared into the settling gloom. Jaim went across to Choja and touched him on the arm. Green eyes looked at the old man and Choja raised his eyebrows.
"Yes, Jaim?" Autoc noticed how strained the tribesman's face was and how sombre his expression.
"Tell me where to cook," suggested Jaim quietly. A glimmer of a smile touched the wintry eyes.
"Indeed, Old One, that'd be a pleasure." Choja led Jaim a short distance to where a tribesman prepared the special, deep sand pit that these people made preparatory to cooking any food. "He offers to cook for us again, Ajah." Ajah lifted his head, grinned and pointed to the pots. Jaim grinned back.
"Go, Choja," he said, waving an arm airily up at Choja as he squatted down beside the tribesman. Choja turned away to confront Autoc.
"Jaim's cooking again, is he?" Choja nodded.
"He seems to prefer it that way," he agreed. Autoc surveyed the tribesman, well aware of the young man's tension.
He said quietly, "You may leave the boys to me, Choja. I'll keep an eye on them so you can concentrate on other things."
Choja nodded, then abruptly turned away. Autoc's eyes followed the retreating figure, then turned thoughtfully to the boys who'd erected three of the oublas and were busy on a fourth. They both looked up on his approach.
"Well, lads," he began, standing next to Jochoh, "life out here is serious, isn't it?" The boys nodded. "There'll be no running off for fun, nor any fooling. Is that clear?" While Chlorien nodded immediately, Jochoh stared speculatively at the mage then saw the seriousness of Autoc's expression. He nodded. When Autoc walked away the boys exchanged glances. Jochoh shrugged.
Late that night after they had eaten and Jochoh and Chlorien were asleep, Autoc left the fire and the company, to move noiselessly to the edge of the camp where he stood as still and silent as his surroundings. He felt he needed to be alone to think. Twenty minutes later, Choja joined him.
"Do I intrude?" Autoc, away with his thoughts, turned sharply, then relaxed.
"No, not at all Choja." There was nothing said for a few moments, then Choja spoke, a wistful note to his voice.
"You said you trusted me, Schol."
"I didn't lie," responded Autoc, staring straight ahead.
"Then tell me I'm not wrong," said Choja very quietly. Autoc turned to face him, barely making out the tribesman's face in the dark.
"What worries you so, Choja?" Choja hunkered down, his finger tracing a pattern in the sand.
"You do," he answered. Autoc stared down at him and Choja felt the regard, his head lifting and his eyes glinting. "You're a mage, aren't you?"
"Aye," replied Autoc calmly. "I am."
"And the boy? Is he, too, a mage?" Autoc smiled, but Choja missed that because it was dark.
"No, the boy isn't a mage."
"And the old man - is he someone else?"
"Yes, Choja, he is. He's a Gnosti. Do you know what that is?" Choja responded in a deep and measured voice.
"Some people on Ambros don't believe in them. That's foolish. They never come east," he went on, in a flat tone. "They live far west and no man I know has ever seen one."
"Then you, my friend, are the first to have done so." Autoc stood still again.
"Why does he travel as other than his own kind?"
"It doesn't seem wise for him to be seen so far east, Choja, as a Gnosti. Chlorien doesn't know who or what Jaim is. She thinks he's merely a nice old man. It must stay that way."
"And the boy? What's he?"
"He's a boy of talent, Choja," sighed Autoc.
"Was he born in the Samar States?"
"He was."
"Where?"
"I spoke of Samar on our first night with your people in Indigo, Choja. I spoke of Ortok; that's where Chlorien was born and where he lived until we came west."
"I remember the dinner conversation clearly, Schol."
"I thought you might," responded the mage with a faint chuckle.
"Why do you have to guard him so? Did the warlord want the boy?"
"Yes, he did. I brought the lad away from all that."
"Others seek him too."
"Aye, they do."
"And not just the two men in Indigo?"
"What are you asking me, Choja?"
"The southern sorcerer - or is he, like you, a mage as some are suggesting? Does he want the boy?"
"Why would he want the lad, Choja?"
"Schol, you're fencing with me. He, too, seeks the boy, doesn't he?" Autoc didn't speak for a long minute. When he spoke his voice was tired.
"Who suggested all this to you, Choja? Doesn't it seem far-fetched?" Choja got to his feet.
"No," he said, on a faint sigh. "None of this is impossible - we live in strange times, Schol, so I dismiss nothing and I listen and I watch. So does my father."
"Does he think all you do?"
"He suspects you're mage, yes, and he knows the boy has talent. He knows you mindspeak. He also wondered about Jaim from the first. He found him too alert to be such an old man." Autoc gave a low laugh.
"He'll be mortified!" There was an answering laugh from Choja, who was busy brushing sand from his talma. He glanced up at the tall mage.
"It's the boy who seeks Ice Isle, isn't it?"
"Aye, it is. He must do so."
"Are you his father, Schol?" Autoc didn't hesitate.
"Yes, he's my son."
"We'll accompany you," whispered Choja.
Autoc put a hand on the tribesman's shoulder, saying gently, "You can't, Choja." Choja stiffened. "It's nothing to do with trust, my young friend. Even there I'll be limited in what I can do. The boy must experience Ice Isle alone, though he doesn't know this yet, nor is he ready to know. Time will pass and he'll know what's required of him. He'll sense it as a compulsion, but I'll be there for him." The mage took his hand from Choja's shoulder.
"His is a lonely path in many ways, isn't it, Schol?"
"Aye, Choja, it is." Autoc added sadly, "They all have such grief and pain to endure."
Choja didn't understand the mage's last words, but he picked the sadness in the voice and remained quiet. Finally he moved out in front of Autoc, saying, "We'll go with you as far as you wish, Schol. You tell me when it's time for you to go alone again."
"I'll tell you," promised Autoc, "but know that your company's very welcome. We've come to care for you all." As Choja turned from him, Autoc asked curiously, "Why did you bring Jochoh?"
"For two reasons, Schol. A boy's an easy target for an angered rival - Jochoh, too, has his future. It may also be that the day comes when a man and a boy can be followed, while a mage and his son slip away."
"You're far-seeing, Choja." There was a note of deep respect in the mage's voice.
"My father taught me very well, Schol."
"I can see why he's Sophy," came the amused reply, "and why you, Choja, are a worthy Sophysun. I can even feel pity for any who oppose you."
"So can we," was the grimly humorous response before Choja walked noiselessly away and left Autoc with much to think about. He sat in the sand and remained motionless and thoughtful for a long time.
~~~
Their travel over the following weeks was mostly by night when it was a mite cooler. To travel by day was unbearable. The sweltering heat made the mage feel queasy - not even the tribesmen wished to be exposed to the raw heat of midsun. They sank to the ground and rested while the heat shimmered on undulating dunes that stretched beyond eyesight. It was too bright to stare at.
The oases they stopped at were blessings, though Choja would only let them stay long enough to rest the horses and refill the water skins. If food could be bartered, it was; if not, they relied solely on what Choja permitted Jaim to cook. Their fare wasn't rich, but it was very tasty and certainly nourishing. Choja made sure they all drank regularly and often.
The oases were tiny settlements of mud-brick, beehive houses that were huddled together under leafing canopies of green. They were mostly resting places for the nomadic tribesmen who owed no one allegiance, except, Autoc noticed, they knew Choja and obviously respected him considerably, because they offered him small tokens when he went among them.
The nomads looked askance at the three travellers, but when they realised they weren't threatened in any way, they began to talk in a similar guttural tongue spoken by both the Churchik and the tribesmen. Autoc watched the interaction with interest, realising that these nomadic people were not that far removed from Choja himself.
The nomads were highly expressive and garrulous folk compared with the tribesmen who were taciturn and mostly silent, nomadic voices rising and falling. There was much gesturing and hand clapping as well. When they gesticulated, the nomads shook or nodded their heads like puppets.
They were a tall race but extremely thin and wiry, with hair of an unremarkable brown, but with eyes as vividly and deeply green as Choja's. There was a wide age range among them too, and they were invariably accompanied by their women and children. At one oasis Autoc saw a very elderly man among a group of much younger nomads. It was clear that among these people age was venerated.
As Choja had said, Chlorien was a part of the desert. She wore the talma with the short tunic that all desert boys wore, and she went everywhere bare-foot. Only the dark curls escaping her skifi showed she wasn't a tribesman's child.
Her sixteenth cycle had come and gone. Looking at her closely one day, Autoc saw the beginnings of physical maturity. His smile was a little crooked because, since Ortok nearly six cycles ago, he'd come to think of Myme Chlo as the lad, Chlorien. Now it was clear the lad was becoming a girl again. Autoc didn't worry, even though he knew they still had a distance to go. He shrugged, his eyes resting on the slim boy wrestling with Jochoh in the sand. Those tussles would have to stop soon, he decided, because body contact wasn't now appropriate. He set his mind to that tricky issue. The mage knew that his perceptions of Chlorien were very much sharper than anyone else's, so he decided he'd just watch and wait, thinking wryly as he did so, that it was fortunate desert dress wasn't close fitting.
~~~
Days and weeks passed. Autoc knew, as Choja did, that they were pursued. Choja looked at the mage one morning while they all rested, the tribesman's keen eyes staring thoughtfully beyond the camp.
"Are they close to us?" he asked unexpectedly. Autoc glanced up from contemplating the sand and shook his head at Choja.
"Choja, you're too acute for your own good," he reproved in an amused voice. "And to answer you, my young friend, no, they're quite some distance back. One of them slows them somewhat, because they have to carry him. He has desert fever."
"He'll most probably die," was the quiet, unemotional response.
"He's certainly very sick," murmured Autoc.
"Who guides them?"
"Kosko and his men, Choja." Choja sucked in his breath with a hiss in the manner of all tribesmen.
"How many?"
"There are eight of them, and then there are the two who pursue us." Choja relaxed back on the sand and began to draw idly beside him. After a moment's reflection, he spoke again.
"Are they the southern mage's men?" A smile lifted the corners of the mage's mouth at that and Choja saw it, his eyes lighting responsively.
"Yes, Choja," answered Autoc. "They're his men." Choja gave a satisfied sigh.
"Now we know."
"Now you know," agreed Autoc, his smile broadening.
"And they have a degree of power, haven't they?"
"Aye, Choja, indeed they have."
"And they frighten the boy?" Autoc's smile disappeared.
"Very deeply, my friend, and for good reason. They'd not deal gently with him. Neither," added the mage, his voice ice cold, "would their master." Choja glanced up at Autoc and what he read in the mage's face gave him pause. He frowned.
"He'd harm the boy?" he asked curtly.
"After he'd played with the boy and used him for his own ends, the mage would destroy Chlorien utterly, but not in the way you might expect." Autoc's voice was so quiet Choja found it barely audible. The next words made him shiver. "Ambros would deeply rue Chlorien's loss." The tribesman felt it was almost as if the mage prophesied and he shivered again. When he felt able to speak, he spoke with a little difficulty.
"We must guard the boy well."
"Yes," mumbled Autoc. "We do, Choja." Choja got to his feet his eyes restlessly scanning the horizon. He looked down at Autoc again.
"We still have several weeks of travel, Schol. Let me know if that man dies."
"I will."
Choja turned and walked away. He called in his men and issued an order that was simple and clear, all the tribesmen nodding silently before they, too, turned away. Chlorien was never aware of it, but a tribesman shadowed her every move. If she and Jochoh wandered even a short distance, there was always a tribesman there to bring them back and settle them quietly in the centre of the small camp. They were kept constantly occupied. While Chlorien slept, either Jaim or Autoc stayed awake guarding her.
Four days after the mage and Choja spoke of the sick man in their pursuit, Autoc sought out the tribesman. He found Choja crouched beside a horse, his hand gently running over its hock. He immediately straightened, patting the animal before leaving it.
"You want me, Schol?"
"Ohb's died. They've moved on without him."
"That's one less to follow us."
"Aye," said Autoc reflectively fingering his beard. "The other's the dangerous one. Remember that of Queeb, Choja, for the future. He'll cause you considerable trouble in cycles to come."
As he spoke, Autoc turned, unaware that another shiver of premonition shook Choja while he stood still, his eyes again scanning the desert. Like the mage, Choja stroked his beard, deep in thought.
~~~
They came out of the desert some weeks later, to find plains that mostly consisted of stony ground, grass and occasional clutches of scrubby bushes that stretched for miles beyond them. It was still very hot, though summer had peaked some weeks before and autumn wasn't far away. They now all rode, rather than led, horses through sand, the animals laden enough with essential supplies. Choja only allowed horses to be ridden when they were on reasonably firm ground. They'd all come to a halt some miles beyond the last desert oasis. Choja meditatively sat his horse, his eyes sweeping the empty wastes.
"Uninviting," he said finally. Autoc had drawn up beside him and now a smile came to his eyes when he looked across at Choja.
"Aye," he assented. "Very."
Chlorien and Jochoh began to ride off with the intention of exploring, but a tribesman followed them and very gently but firmly shepherded them back.
"Is this where we leave you, Schol?" Autoc's eyes stayed fixed to Choja's. Reluctantly, he nodded.
"You must go back to your father, Choja. He'll badly need you over the coming cycles, and also has much to teach your lad, hasn't he?" A grin crossed the tribesman's face.
"True, Schol." He paused then said diffidently, "If you need us again, you know you can call on us, don't you?"
"You'll see me again, Choja, be assured of that." Autoc held out his hand and had it gripped hard.
"And the boy?" asked Choja quietly. Autoc looked over at Chlorien, the smile fading from his eyes.
"We can hope you see him again, Choja," he said gently. "I'll do all I can to bring him to fulfilment, but I can't make promises." He heard a sigh escape the tribesman.
"The boy's become a son to me, Schol. I don't wish him hurt."
"Neither, my friend, do I," responded Autoc softly. "Know that I'll always be there for him."
Choja and his men didn't linger. Chlorien was disappointed and sad and her farewell with Jochoh was tearful. Finally, she stood in front of Choja, her head up and eyes looking full and trustingly into his. Choja placed his hands on her head, a surprisingly gentle expression on his face.
"Blessings, sapling. May you keep inner serenity and return to us - you're one of us, child, and always will be. Remember, enlightenment comes from within, as you learned in the desert, and know that to be alone isn't the same as loneliness of the spirit. Always try to draw strength from that." His hands went down to gently touch her mouth. Chlorien didn't see Choja's expression when, without thinking, she threw her arms round him, Ortok-fashion, and hugged him hard. He responded without being aware of it.
"Thank you, Choja," she whispered, her eyes brimming. She turned and walked quickly away, Choja's eyes following her.
Choja's farewell with Jaim and Autoc was as brief, the tribesman looking at Jaim and saying, "You're no old man, Jaim. My father and I picked that a long time ago." Jaim gave a snort of disgust, though his tawny eyes showed appreciative amusement. Choja just laughed. "Come and visit us again," he invited. "Even come as yourself!"
To Autoc, Choja said little. He held out his clasped hands, nodding when the mage placed his around them; they remained that way for long moments before Choja stood back.
"Until another day, mage," he said quietly. Autoc stared at him.
"Aye, Choja." Then he touched the tribesman's arm. "Beware of Queeb and those with whom he associates. They represent betrayal of the worst kind. And Choja, a young man will come, in one way or another but probably unexpectedly, who looks like Chlorien, only his eyes are purple, not violet. He's a musician and very gentle. Take care of him for me, won't you, because he, too, has his part to play in the affairs of Ambros. He means much to me. He may even come with one who will surprise you." Even though another deeper shiver shook him, Choja placed his hand over Autoc's.
"Of course, I will, Schol. Blessings for your journey, wherever it takes you."
"And on you and yours, Choja," said Autoc, his voice low.
Choja went across to his horse that was being held by one of his men. Once he was mounted, he looked down at the mage, his deep green eyes looking wicked.
"My boy and I'll pass very close to those who follow, Schol. We'll lead them southeast for a while, despite the seeker skills you say Queeb has." Autoc's eyes lit up with laughter and he chuckled.
"Aye, Choja, we thank you."
Choja raised a hand and the tribesmen wheeled as one. Choja didn't glance back, but Jochoh did, his hand raised in farewell. The mage saw Chlorien's lips tremble and drew her close, a comforting hand on her head in his usual fashion of reassurance.
"Easy, little one," he sent. "Easy. I know it's hard to always move on, but so it must be. Be calm knowing how much you've been offered and in knowing how much you're loved."
Chlorien buried her head in the mage's chest. As she did so, Autoc entered her mind and erased the memory block he'd put in place in Indigo.


Ambrosian Chronicles
Third Age
11210

We note restlessness among the mage catlins who come and go from Yarilo in extraordinarily erratic patterns. This isn't something we've seen before, so isn't entirely understood any more than it's clear why only few mages bond with both catlin and dragon.
 
Our Archmage tells us the catlins behave in the same way when they briefly drift to Lilium. It's suspected the catlins are establishing themselves on Ambros in strategic locations so they can transmit directly from the Watchers. Catlins belong to no one and exist nowhere in particular, their peculiar habits known only to themselves and sometimes, though rarely, to the mages with whom they bond. That so many are seen at one time to be interested in Ambros, raises fascinating questions.
 
We know Luton is back at the Keep with his master, Malekim, but assume he'll go north to join up with the warlord's army. Malekim will, eventually, follow. We speculate the mage may not be as strong as he hoped and that has slowed his plans, but we don't under-estimate his power. Though we don't know what's been done to Luton, our misgivings are deep. How his mind may have been altered and for what purpose causes us profound concern, because he becomes, by virtue of that tampering, a random and unpredictable factor impossible for us to either evaluate or prepare for. Equally disturbing is our suspicion about how Luton was found.
 
The Strategos will soon leave Sushi land and travel to the capital of Kyaran. Kyaran is a large, sprawling country, impossible to defend. Daxel, Luton's twin, is expected to travel with him.
 
It is cycles since we heard of our senior mage and master who accompanies the Strategos' sister. The Archmage speaks little of either, other than to reassure us they're safe and continue to travel north. We'd like to know more of them but we must be patient. That they're not mentioned much suggests their significance.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

With the army, Ensore was well out of the Cartokian kingdom once the warlord arrived. Her forests and mountains helped the defenders, who swept down in organised raiding units and hindered Lodestok's advance. The warlord seethed impotently and out of revenge fired much of Cartok as he came to it.
Ensore was at least three seasons ahead of the warlord, but didn't move his men at the same punishing pace that Lodestok set. Sarehl was in Taki, the principal seat of Duke Nakron of Sushi. There he was busy advising the duke on the disposition of his troops for withdrawal and encouraging him to move with some haste.
Even though the Marshal's sister, Kasan, was quartered in Taki as guest of the Duke, Ensore made the northern army skirt the city and kept the force as close to Lake Imaq as he could. From there the Marshal headed for the north coast that he intended to follow before he turned inland again. Sarehl had chosen the most efficient route.
His aim was to finally reach the foothills of the Chasa Mountains, a huge, forbidding range of peaks that only broke into a narrow saddle to create the boundary between the Confederated Princedoms of Elba and the larger kingdom of Kyaran. Here, Ensore would settle his army and wait. He knew, if necessary, they could retreat towards the mountains themselves, deep into Elban and Kyaran land. It was hoped that by then the Marshal and the Strategos would have an army big enough, and disciplined enough, to confront the warlord. Ensore knew, from Sarehl's letters, that the Strategos found his time in Taki interesting, but also, at times, deeply frustrating.
Sarehl spent many hours with Nakron. The Strategos' persuasion centred on his ability to persuade the man and show how little the Lentens, Criars and Cessars, all Samars, and also the Cartokians, had suffered from actual physical brutality and enslavement. True, their homes no longer existed, but their peoples were comparatively intact.
Nakron and his advisers, called Oms, listened to the Strategos with interest and appreciation and, though at first incredulous that what they heard could be true, they soon became introspective and subdued. Initially, Nakron baulked at having to abandon his palaces, but a private interview with Sarehl made both the Duke and his ruling Mudem agree that palaces could be rebuilt, whereas shattered minds and bodies couldn't. Though the Strategos never referred to his own sufferings and injuries, everyone who met him knew the scar and the dragging limp had been inflicted by the Churchik. Kalor made sure of that.
It was after a meeting with the Oms that the Strategos was found standing in one of a suite of rooms assigned him by the Duke. He wasn't alone. He and Kaleb were talking and looking over a map that was spread out across a table on the far side of the room, but now Sarehl limped over to the window and stared out with a sigh. Kaleb sat.
"Tired?" asked Kaleb, from the comfort of a chair.
'No," replied the Strategos. "I'm thinking of Ens and Dase. It's such a long time since we've seen them. I miss them. Dase will be a young man now - at home he'd be standing at Choice this summer. So would Lute, and next summer it would be Bethel's turn if he so chose. It seems so long ago."
"Aye," murmured the healer, sympathy in eyes that rested on the very tall figure. "But times draw us closer, Sarehl. Methinks all of us will be together sooner than any of us might expect."
"You mean the warlord chasing us north?"
"Aye, I do. There won't be running in the north indefinitely. You and Ensore build a formidable force that'll eventually stand and confront Lodestok. When that happens you and I won't be in advance of the army. We'll be with it. Already, with highly persuasive advocacy, you've brought in the Cartokians and the Sushi. We'll move next to Kyaran, won't we?"
"Yes. So you think I'll see Dase or Ensore before then, do you?"
"Possibly, Sar. I think you'll find they catch up with us quite quickly from now on. Ensore could go faster if he chose to, couldn't he? Would it be likely that battle will be met on Kyaran soil?"
"It's a scenario I've -." Sarehl broke off, because the door burst open to admit a tall and sturdy boy with wild copper hair and wicked big blue eyes. "Brue!" scolded Sarehl mildly. "How many times do I have to tell you not to rush into other peoples' rooms?"
"I'm glad you're here," announced Brue, ignoring the first part of Sarehl's speech. "I've something important to tell you, big brother. Do you want to hear?" Kaleb grinned widely, while Sarehl eyed his youngest brother in mock despair and amusement.
"You're an urchin!" the Strategos remarked. His eyes ran over the very dishevelled but unrepentant figure.
"But listen, Sar, only listen!" Brue's eyes blazed with excitement. "I've heard about Bethel! Well," he added conscientiously as his seniors were momentarily bereft of speech, "I think it's Bethel because he sounds as if he looks like you, Sar, though..." He paused, then hurried on. "I don't really remember him as my brother."
Before either man could speak, the door opened again and Kalor came striding into the room, his eyes lighting on Brue.
"There you are, you confounded whelp," he said explosively. "You deserve a sound thrashing, my lad, and you're going to get it. It's a question of whether I give it to you or whether Dalmin gets to you first." Brue withdrew a step, his expression ludicrously apprehensive.
"Sar!" he said plaintively. Sarehl merely looked on.
"Don't come to me if you've done something you shouldn't," he laughed, watching Kalor advance on the boy and come to a halt in front of Brue, strong hands rested on the young shoulders. Brue stood still. "What's he done this time, Kalor?"
"You explain what you've been doing, lad," suggested Kalor. His eyes laughingly met Sarehl's over the boy's head. He swung Brue sharply so the boy faced his brother. Sarehl crossed his arms and surveyed Brue.
"I won't do it again," Brue said in a small but mutinous voice. "You don't need to do anything."
"I decide that, lad, not you," responded Kalor, his grip firming. "Speak to your brother, boy."
"I don't think I should," prevaricated Brue. He noticed the keen stare his brother gave him.
"Oh, but I'm sure you should," responded Kalor, giving the young shoulders a sharp shake. Brue's eyes flickered up to Sarehl.
"I went riding a long way. I came on the camp of a far advance scouting party of Churchik. They were with what I think you call men who choose to fight," he blurted out.
"You did what?" Sarehl's voice ripped across the room, vibrant with wrath and incredulity. Brue became defensive and hunched himself.
"He was to be with Dalmin yesterday, but Dalmin got caught up in some sort of protocol. The lad decided to entertain himself," explained Kalor.
"You young idiot!" burst out Sarehl, his brows hitched together. "Do you think I want to lose another brother? Do you? Gods grant me patience!" Brue began to look rather forlorn and his lower lip trembled.
"I didn't think -," he began.
"You never do think, Brue. You always act first and think later," cut in Sarehl. "You're eight cycles, Brue, and too old for pranks of this sort. You know what the Churchik can do. Gods, have you forgotten so soon?"
"I was bored," mumbled Brue. Sarehl stared at the bent copper head.
"Bored?" he almost yelped. "Bored? With Sache and Dalmin, not to mention Arth, Kalor and Kaleb, running round after you, giving you training and gods know what else? What more do you want?"
"I gave him lettering to do," put in Kalor, with a rueful grin. "I should've guessed something like this might happen."
"Well, it won't happen again, will it, little brother?" ground out Sarehl, glaring down at Brue.
"No," was the sulky answer.
"You were silly, Brue," observed Kaleb mildly. Brue flushed, but wisely made no answer. Kalor looked down at the copper head and spoke quietly.
"I think," he suggested, "it would be sensible if we discuss what's to be done with the lad after he's told us what he did."
Sarehl relaxed. His face lost the grimness that so unnerved his brother. Flinging himself in a chair, he gestured to Brue.
"Go on," he invited. "Tell us what you did."
The story that poured out was so jumbled, it took the three men some time to cut through the incoherence. It seemed, they gathered, Brue took the horse Arth gave him, and, for a lark, rode south across the fields well away from the city in search of adventure.
He'd ridden for a considerable distance before he got tired and reined in, tethering his horse in a spinney and settling down for a rest. When he crept to the far side of the spinney, however, he found a small camp being set up by a group of what he described as Churchik warriors. At this point, Sarehl put his hand over his eyes, but Kalor broke out laughing.
Brue pulled back into the trees and waited, watching until the men settled down and ate, then he crept forward and listened to the conversation that ensued. Brue paused in his narration to look up at Sarehl.
"I didn't know at first that they talked about Bethel, Sar, because they talked about the warlord's boy. Then they said how he'd stand out at the ceremony to be fully a warrior, because his hair's so long and black. That's when I guessed they spoke of our brother. Then they spoke of his music and how the warlord liked him to play. What does being the warlord's boy mean, Sar?"
"Nothing much," responded Kalor promptly. "It just means he's a slave to the warlord."
"Oh," said Brue vaguely. "They said other things like love-boy, but I didn't understand that either."
"Many slaves are referred to as that, if they aren't adult," put in Kaleb quickly, noticing the whiteness to Sarehl's mouth.
"Oh," said Brue again. Then he went on. "One warrior didn't think Bethel should be made a warrior because he's a Samar and is so different. He's very tall, Sar, they said, just like you, but they say he doesn't look truly a man because he's so thin. They're huge, Kalor!"
"How did you understand them?" asked Kaleb, who couldn't forebear a reluctant grin at the story Brue unfolded. "You're not telling me you speak Churchik?"
"No, course not," growled Brue impatiently. "They all speak northern, but it's pretty rough and you have to listen hard to catch what they say."
"Gods, lad," said Sarehl, taking a deep breath. "You're so lucky they didn't see you. They'd have noticed how different you are simply by looking at you. You'd have been captured. You don't look remotely like a Churchik."
"I hate to disillusion you, my friend," disagreed Kalor, "but that's exactly what he does resemble in many ways." Sarehl looked revolted.
"He's got red hair," he protested.
"So do some of them, not coppery like the lad's, I grant you, but reddish-blond," said Kalor relentlessly. "And they have blue eyes, not deep like Brue's, but there's enough there to give the lad a distinctly southern look. He could pass, at a glance, as one of their young."
"But he -." Sarehl broke off, suddenly staring at Brue. "Gods," he whispered. "Your father." Brue looked offended.
"What's wrong with our father?" he demanded.
"Not our father, little man, your father." Brue looked as nonplussed as Kalor. In all the cycles, Sarehl hadn't discussed his mother's second mate, so Kalor assumed that one of Sarehl's parents had passed on the copper hair that made the youngest brother so distinctive and different. "Oh gods," muttered Sarehl, biting his lip. "You don't know, do you?" Brue shook his head, a puzzled look in his eyes. "We have different fathers, little brother. It never entered my head to tell you because, well..." He floundered helplessly, his eyes going from Kaleb to Kalor.
"There was no need, because you're Sarehl's youngest brother," put in Kaleb smoothly. He saw the shocked look on Brue's face and said gently, "It makes no difference, you know, lad."
To their surprise, the little boy burst into tears and a storm of distressed sobbing. It took all three men some minutes to calm him, Sarehl finally drawing the boy close so Brue could cry into his older brother's chest.
"Little fellow, there's no need for tears."
"Yes there is," hiccupped Brue, raising his head and knuckling his eyes hard. "You're saying you're not really my brother." Sarehl raised an eyebrow at Kalor.
"Did I say that?" he asked.
"No, you didn't. Don't be a silly little fool, Brue. You know how Sarehl cares for you, don't you?" Brue stared across at Kalor and then nodded.
"Just because we have different fathers doesn't mean we aren't blood brothers," said Sarehl quietly, his hand stroking the copper curls. He gave a faint sigh. "We have the same mother after all."
"Then why don't I look like you?"
"You do."
"Kalor says I don't."
"Kalor's wrong."
"You once told me to listen to Kalor, because what he says is right," accused Brue, ignoring Kalor who was sorely pressed.
"Not in this case," argued Sarehl, giving Kalor a quelling look, but grinning in spite of himself.
"Am I like you, then?" persisted Brue, drying his eyes. "Why are Kalor and Kaleb laughing?"
"They're foolish fellows," Sarehl replied, his smile broadening. "I'll tell you all about it later. Just know your Da was a very striking-looking man, with a long and full red beard as you'll have one day. He was southern, from somewhere just below Dahkilah, I think." He paused and stared into the face looking up at him. "My father was dark. So was our mother. You have a strong look of our mother, little man, but you don't physically resemble her as your brothers and sister do. Myme Chlo and Bethel most closely resemble her. I believe I'm the image of Alfar, my father, as are Dase and Lute." Sarehl fell silent and brooding. It made Brue wriggle uneasily.
"I've told you everything, Sar. May I go now?" he asked, his anxious eyes on his elder brother's face.
"Of course," Sarehl murmured. He got thoughtfully to his feet.
"You're pleased I heard about Bethel, aren't you?" Brue looked apprehensive. Sarehl ruffled his curls.
"Yes, little brother. You've relieved my mind of gnawing anxiety and I'm most grateful for that." Brue looked up gratified. "But that doesn't mean I approve of what you did or the very real danger you put yourself in. You'll go with Kalor now."
Brue pulled away from Sarehl, saying, "That's not fair!"
"Life isn't fair," responded his brother, looking across at Kalor with a rueful grin. "Do you take him, my friend, and teach him to mind you in all things. You are, as he says, always so right." Kalor laughed. He stepped over to Brue, his hold on the boy's hand very firm.
"Come along, young whelp. Let's get this over with." He was pulled inexorably from the room. Sarehl met Kaleb's eyes.
"Yes, Kaleb?"
"Well, Sarehl, that's one question answered. Bethel's alive and soon, as Sasqua told us, to be fully made a warrior. He has succeeded, remarkable boy he is." The healer watched as the Strategos turned away. "And, my friend," went on Kaleb gently, "you'll have to think what to do with that young brother of yours. He's getting too old to be let loose about the place."
"I suppose he is," sighed Sarehl. "They grow so fast, Kaleb. It seems only yesterday we found him. Do you have any suggestions?"
"Not just at the moment," murmured Kaleb with a frown, "but we should consider what would be best for the lad."
"I'm happy to be guided by you."
"Aye, Sarehl, I know that, but the decision has to be made by you."
~~~
When Sarehl was preparing for sleep that evening, Kalor came in, unannounced and yawning. The Cyrenic lounged over to the bed and sank on to it. Sarehl looked down at him.
"Comfortable?"
"Very," responded Kalor, giving Sarehl a lazy and affectionate grin. "I thought you'd like to know about your scapegrace brother."
"Is he subdued?"
"I took my belt to him, then stopped when he cried. He'd confessed so freely where he'd been I hadn't the heart to give him the thrashing he deserved. It was a token spanking he got, nothing more." There was a rueful twinkle in Kalor's eyes. Sarehl started to laugh and stripped off his shirt.
"So where does this leave us?"
"He's now barred from all activities other than schooling for the next three days."
"Kalor, you wretch!" Sarehl threw his shirt at the chuckling Cyrenic. "That means he'll be with me most of the time when I'm not in conference." There was a lurking smile in Kalor's eyes.
"He's your brother, you know."
"He'll hate it, Kalor! I'm sure he'd prefer a sound thrashing to that."
"Then you give it to him, dear friend."
"Damn you!" exclaimed Sarehl, untying his waist sash. "You know I can't."
"He needs training, Sarehl," said Kalor seriously, looking up under his lashes at Sarehl. "I know he's only young at not nine cycles, but he needs it."
"I know," came a slightly harassed voice above him. "Kaleb's already suggested that."
"And?"
"What can I do with him, as mobile as we are?"
"Leave him behind with Nakron's men." Sarehl stopped what he was doing and turned to stare down at Kalor.
"You mean that, don't you?" Kalor rested on one elbow.
"Listen to me, my friend. I've come to care for Brue as though he's my own son. We all have. But he's coming to a dangerous age, Sarehl, for such a spirited child." Kalor paused. "The lad isn't scholarly as you are and more than anything he wants to be a fighter. You can see it in him as clearly as I can - you're not blind, are you?" Sarehl perched on the edge of the bed and stroked his silky black beard thoughtfully.
"No," he replied. "He's not willing to sit and has always been an active boy. But to leave him? How can I?"
"You might be surprised how easily the boy will adjust," Kalor said tactfully. "I know he'll be upset to begin with, but that's only to be expected. He's old enough to know you'll never abandon him, Sarehl; that's his security and it's more than many his age have."
"Would Nakron agree?"
"Ask him," suggested Kalor. "Ask him if Brue could train here, under his express authority, and he'll fall on your neck." Sarehl looked sceptical. "Strategos of Ortok's brother training here? Use your head, Sarehl!"
"There is precious little of Ortok left," snapped Sarehl. "I'm a Strategos of nowhere in particular."
"You're by far too modest, Sarehl," retorted Kalor, getting to his feet. "You forget how much you're valued."
"You're very kind," said Sarehl stiffly. Kalor put a hand on Sarehl's shoulder and gripped it hard.
"Think on it, bristlehead, and see how you feel in the morning. Just remember there are plenty of good men who could take Brue in training from tomorrow if you so wanted. He needs discipline, Sarehl. Give it to him." Sarehl felt the hand lift from his shoulder. "Goodnight, my young friend."
"Goodnight," Sarehl responded very quietly. Just as Kalor got to the door he heard, "Damn you!"
He chuckled and left the room.
~~~
Nakron was delighted to be asked to train the Strategos' younger brother. He was gracious in offering Sarehl a choice of troop for Brue. Applied to, Brue instantly chose the cavalry. Nakron was pleased to grant this. A captain was summoned and Sarehl watched as the thick-set, middle-aged man came across the audience chamber, genuflecting to his Duke with just the right amount of respect, Sarehl noted. Nakron stepped forward when the captain entered and now he turned calmly to Brue.
"This, Brue, is Captain Maren." Then the Duke quietly left the chamber. Brue looked speculatively at the captain but got an unnervingly acute appraisal in response. Sarehl limped forward.
"I'm Sarehl," he said courteously. "Brue's my youngest brother."
"He's very young, Strategos. Boys are usually thirteen cycles at the least before I let them sign on. He's much too young to be in an arena of war." Brue opened his mouth to protest, but Sarehl's frown at him was a warning one.
"I've asked His Grace, as a favour, that he place the boy under the command of a reliable and sensible officer, but not to be signed on at this stage. He is, as you say, too young to understand the implications of doing so. I know he's very young, but he's capable of learning."
"That's as maybe, Strategos." Maren gave Sarehl a measuring look. "What can he do?"
"He can learn disciplined training as the least important member of a troop," suggested Sarehl, with a glint in his eyes. Maren caught the glint and looked over thoughtfully at Brue.
"Needs shaping up, does he?" He spoke directly to Brue. "You'd have to work very hard and have no privileges you didn't earn." Brue swallowed.
"Yes."
"You'd obey orders given by any member of my troop, whether you liked it or not." Maren saw the young chin lift at that and added softly, "Or you would suffer consequences I don't imagine you'd enjoy. Our way of disciplining youngsters is instant and can be singularly painful." Brue met the cool, amused blue eyes. His eyes dropped first.
"Yes," he mumbled. Maren turned back to Sarehl.
"I'll take him for you, Strategos, but only as stable boy. He'll have to prove himself to go beyond that."
"A stable boy?" repeated Brue. "Sar?" Sarehl merely grinned at his brother.
"He'd be under your specific command, Captain? That matters to me."
"You can be assured of that, Strategos. I'll keep a very close watch on him. When will he come to me?" Sarehl looked over at Brue's crestfallen face.
"Go and wait in my chamber," he said gently. "I shan't be long." Brue glanced from one man to the other, then turned and ran from the chamber. "I'd bring him tomorrow, Captain, but I need to talk with the boy first before I can confirm that. He must understand what we're proposing and be happy with it. If I thought he'd be too distressed, I wouldn't leave him." Maren smiled across at Sarehl.
"I understand," he said quietly.
"Perhaps I should explain to you, just briefly for the moment, what happened to the lad, Maren, to help you appreciate why I ask you to do this for Brue - it's him I'm most concerned about."
"Then," suggested the captain, pulling forward two chairs, "we should be able to talk uninterrupted."
~~~
Sarehl found Brue waiting anxiously inside the door of his chamber, the boy's face pale and tense.
"You're selling me to that captain," he accused his eldest brother, when Sarehl closed the door behind him. Sarehl laughed down at him, but not mockingly.
"No! Do I indeed, little brother? What a terrible thing."
"You're laughing at me," said Brue.
"Won't you enjoy being a stable-boy, lad? I thought you liked horses."
"I do, yes, but I want to be a soldier!" Sarehl chewed his lower lip, then quietly pointed to a chair.
"Sit for a moment, lad. I want to talk with you," he said calmly. Brue obliged, perching uncomfortably.
"Sar -," he began, but stopped at Sarehl's upraised hand. Sarehl drew up a chair next to him.
"No, little brother, you listen to me. We need to talk and I promise I'll listen to anything you want to say, after you've heard what I want to say to you." Sarehl stroked his beard and eyed his brother contemplatively, aware of the boy staring broodingly up at him in silence. "Lad, you're nearly nine cycles. You say you're bored. You don't like learning from books. Sometimes your behaviour goes beyond what's acceptable, and you completely ignore scolds." Brue went to protest, but the look on Sarehl's face stopped him. "You've learned a lot from us, but, Brue, you've been permitted licence well beyond what could be expected for a lad your age. That's not your fault, but ours. It's led you to think you can do and say what you like on occasion.
I haven't minded your doing some silly things, because boys will be boys and we all have to grow up." There was a long pause while brother looked eye to eye, before Sarehl continued. "Your going south the other day was no prank, Brue. Do you know what could've been done to you? Do you know of the tortures warriors inflict on little boys, simply for the sheer pleasure they get from that sort of thing? Little brother, hasn't Bethel, let alone Lute, suffered enough, without you being made to suffer as well?"
Brue was very pale. He took deep breaths, his watery blue eyes wavering from contact with Sarehl's. He didn't speak. Sarehl beckoned the boy close, his hands out waiting. When the boy was firmly clasped against him, Sarehl spoke again.
"Brue, I love you very dearly - you're my baby brother. I can't let you destroy yourself, because you haven't yet developed self-control. You need firm and well-judged discipline that you understand. You've been given little chance to show what you can be, with our being on the move all the time.
I think we have to decide now how your future's to be shaped and we have to take action to ensure it happens. You're too young to fully train, but, if you show yourself willing and work hard, then other things will happen for you. You can't expect to start with a troop and have everything the way you want it. Life isn't like that." Brue hung his head and his voice was shaky.
"Am I so bad, Sarda?" The arms around him tightened. Sarehl shook his head and smiled gently down at him.
"No you're not, little man, not at all. You're just a heedless colt who needs firm reins. I can't always be with you. Nor can the others because of the life we're forced to lead, so you must be with someone who can be there for you. I only want you to understand why I'm doing this, Brue. You can't possibly think I want to leave you when I'm forced to move on, can you? You couldn't think that!" Brue clung to Sarehl as he'd done as a little boy. "Gods, little man, all I want most on Ambros is to have our home back again, where we can all be together as we were born to be. I would ask for nothing else." Sarehl wiped away a tear from the young face.
"I'll do it, Sar. If I work hard, will that make you proud of me?"
"I'm proud of my little brother as he is," said Sarehl softly, looking deeply into the very blue eyes that reminded him so strongly of a dead merchant. "Brue love, you haven't had a normal childhood, have you?" The blue eyes never wavered from the black ones. "You've been constantly on the move since you were very small; now you're offered a chance to stay mostly in one place, certainly for a while, where you no longer need to keep moving. The Sushi won't travel at the speed I do. They'll move slowly and camps will be set for weeks at a time, even longer - with me, it's often only for a matter of days. We all need, at some stage of our lives, security and a routine we can identify with, lad, just to let us breathe and grow. You need that time, little brother, and you're crying out for it right now. Do you understand what I'm trying to say?" Brue took a deep breath and answered gruffly.
"Yes, Sarda, I think so." Sarehl ruffled the copper curls.
"The captain will look after you. He's promised to be a father to you."
"He's tough, he is, I reckon," came the response to that. Sarehl smiled tenderly into the upturned face.
"No tougher than he needs to be, lad," he said, adding in an amused tone, "I wouldn't run counter to a man such as that."
"Will I see you again?" came wistfully. Sarehl caught Brue up in his arms and cradled him.
"Silly boy," he whispered fiercely into the copper head. "Of course you will. I told you, I'll never leave you again. We may be apart, but I'll be in constant touch."
"Where will you be?" asked the small boy, nestling closer into Sarehl's chest.
"Travelling north, advising and planning as I've been doing for so many cycles now." Sarehl paused. "I seem to have done nothing else." He ran a hand over his beard.
"When will I see you after you leave, Sar?"
"If all goes as we would hope, Brue, the Sushi - and that means you, too - will join up with Ensore's army and all move forward towards the Kyaran kingdom. That's where I'll be. You'll meet Ensore before you see me again, and I know you'll like him. You'll have another brother around as well. I promise to come to you as soon as I can, little brother."
"I'll do it, Sar, for you." Brue flung his arms about his brother's neck and hugged him hard.
~~~
Sarehl's discussion with Maren the following morning was briefer and held in the early hours, long before Brue was awake. The captain was out of uniform - Brue would've found him far less quelling and formidable. When Sarehl was announced by a palace servant, Maren leaned against the mantelpiece and looked down at the empty grate, then, when Sarehl limped unhurriedly, Maren looked up with a smile and came forward with his hand extended.
"Strategos."
"Captain," responded Sarehl, gripping the hand for a moment. The captain was a tall man, but even he had to lift his head to meet Sarehl's eyes. Sarehl had a twinkle in his. "I thank you for coming at such an ungodly hour, but I have a meeting with several Oms very soon. I wished to settle Brue's future which is, frankly, of more importance to me."
"Not at all," replied Maren, stepping back and adding with a laugh, "We're usually up and about at this hour, Strategos."
"Poor Brue," grinned Sarehl, stretching gracefully at his ease in a chair.
"Hot at hand, is he?" asked the captain, with an expression of sympathy mixed with understanding. He selected a chair, pulled it forward and settled himself comfortably.
"Damnably at times," admitted Sarehl. He paused, then added, "It's not the boy's fault, Captain. As I explained, circumstances have made his growing up erratic and his world volatile - it won't do for such a highly-strung boy. I think, considering the life he's been forced to endure, Brue's done very well." The captain grinned.
"I agree. But as you say, he needs stability. And yes, there's nothing in that lad of yours that can't be quickly put to rights, Strategos. He's a very likable boy, that one. He's also a well-built boy, unlike yourself, with a lot of potential strength in him. He could almost be southern."
"He takes after his father," explained Sarehl absently. Then he saw the captain look very hard at him. "We have different fathers, Captain. Mine was very tall and well-built, but Brue's father was a huge man - very tall and large-framed. I always felt a mere boy beside him."
"I see." Maren was thoughtful as Sarehl sighed faintly.
"Brue doesn't enjoy his books, is always active, needs constant attention, and even more, he needs discipline." The captain lounged back, a smile coming to his eyes.
"Oh, he'll get that," he promised with a low chuckle. "And he'll learn to mind his books and all. I've no ignorant lads in my troop." Sarehl began to laugh and nodded. "Strategos," began Maren tentatively. Sarehl inclined his head. "I spoke to my wife last night, about the boy." Sarehl's look was keen and enquiring.
"And?" he asked quietly.
"Our two lads are grown now, Strategos. She's more than willing to give the lad a home while we're still here and when we move she says the boy would stay with us and we'd raise him in your absence. It would mean the boy wouldn't have to sleep in the stables." Sarehl would've spoken, but Maren went on, "She may spoil him a little, but she can handle even the toughest lads. I've seen her do it too."
"I've no doubt of that." Sarehl rose and so did the captain, the latter aware of the penetrating look he received from black eyes. "Are you quite sure you're comfortable with this arrangement, Captain? Please be frank with me."
"I'm more than happy to have the boy, Strategos. I've taken a very strong liking to that lad. He has a lot of spirit and properly handled could shape into a very fine officer. If," Maren hesitated, "you think the arrangement acceptable?" Sarehl limped over at once and held out his hand.
"I answer to Sarehl, Captain; Strategos is purely a courtesy title. It's me who's deeply in your debt. You offer Brue everything, security, a home and someone who can be a mother to him. I can't offer this." He wrung the captain's hand then stood still a moment. "I know I couldn't have placed him in better hands. I thank you."
"Then," said Maren, with a delighted smile, "I'll leave you to bring the lad to us and we can all work to settle him down before you leave to go north. We'll be ready for him whenever you are. My wife was speaking about setting one of our lad's rooms aside for Brue before I left." Sarehl burst out laughing and accepting the proffered arm, limped from the room with the captain.
Brue was taken to his new home the following day where Ceda, Maren's wife, promptly took the boy under her wing and settled him in a room set aside for him. Ceda was a homely woman, with kindly hazel eyes and a capacious bosom and she was obviously of equally generous disposition. Sarehl suspected Brue would be very mothered.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

With Brue's future so clearly settled, Sarehl could concentrate on his discussions with the Sushi. He knew his time in Taki had been usefully spent and had no doubts about the Sushi joining the war effort against the warlord. Already the south-eastern cities of the dukedom were emptying, as people were encouraged to withdraw in an orderly way, taking what they could with them.
It was a continuing logistical nightmare for Sarehl. He struggled to make arrangements for the thousands of non-fighting citizens, from all states, who had to be absorbed into the train of the northern army because there was simply nowhere else for them to go. Some resented the abrupt change in their status, were initially unwilling to co-operate and only patient encouragement and explanation served to make those people accept their current situation. What Sarehl essentially had was a huge mobile city that had to be organised and controlled. He hoped, desperately, that the King of Kyaran would allow permanent camps of refugees, at least until the warlord was pushed back as far as Samar lands. But Sarehl had no illusions and no false hopes either, realising meanwhile that he would just have to cope with each problem that arose.
And always lurking at the back of the Strategos' mind was the knowledge of Bethel that Brue brought him and what he learned from Ensore, who wrote to tell him of the young dark-haired warrior astride a magnificent chestnut stallion as part of warrior trials. He didn't know whether to rejoice or to grieve, because his heart misgave him when he thought of what Bethel was being forced to become. Again he thought constantly of the gentle boy, with the dreamy expression and big eyes, who trotted after him so many cycles ago. He was haunted again by the soft, desperate voice that called pleadingly to him from the slave pen. Sarehl often crossed to a window and stared out until threatening emotions passed.
His hopes for his little brother rested on what Sasqua increasingly told him of Bethel's life since his captivity. It warmed Sarehl that Bethel still lived entirely for his music and he wondered if it was the boy's music that helped him through the agonies of the last nearly six cycles. Sarehl wished, that just once, he could communicate with Bethel, so the boy could know he wasn't forgotten. He never spoke of his fears for Bethel or Luton, but Kaleb saw it in the Strategos' eyes. The healer knew he could offer no comfort.
~~~
It was during his stay in Taki, that Sarehl learned Kaleb was no ordinary healer. He'd not heard specifically of reader-seekers, though Ensore told him the Yazd were mostly omniscient, often fey or touched, and that some could read minds far distant. Mostly the Marshal had spoken of the Yazd talent in healing.
Sarehl found out about Kaleb in an unexpected way. The Strategos, having decided early one morning that he wanted a piece of advice on an issue that was to be discussed in a few hours time with the Oms, went to the healer's quarters. He entered quietly, wondering if perhaps Kaleb was still asleep. He found the healer cross-legged on his bed, with his eyes closed and seemingly also closed to the outside world. Kaleb hadn't actively discouraged Sarehl from visiting him in the early hours; Sarehl just never had.
Intrigued, Sarehl just sat in a chair and waited. He waited a long time, until Kaleb opened his eyes and looked across at him with a slightly vexed expression. Sarehl raised an eyebrow.
"Visiting afar, healer?" he enquired. The frown vanished and an amused smile lit the clear eyes.
"You could say that," agreed Kaleb, rising stiffly. "What can I do for you?" Sarehl rose too and limped across the room to pour wine. He lifted a full goblet that he offered to the healer.
"Not too early for you to have wine, is it?" he asked with an impish grin. Kaleb ran a hand roughly through his hair before he took the goblet.
"Not at all, lad. I repeat, what can I do for you?"
"Where were you?" Sarehl asked bluntly, going to the chair and lounging back, his expression inviting Kaleb to do likewise. Kaleb looked hard at him, then sighed before wandering back to the bed and falling onto the cushions.
"You won't leave me till you know, will you?" he asked wearily.
"Probably not," replied Sarehl, sipping at the wine and eying the healer speculatively with inquisitive black eyes.
"Very well." Kaleb hauled himself up onto his elbows. "I'm a Yazd and a healer, but first and foremost, I'm a reader-seeker. You know that because I looked for Luton."
"I didn't know you were called reader-seekers."
"Now you do."
"What were you doing, when I came in before?"
"I've been casting a shroud over Taki for some time. It's necessary."
"Is that because Lodestok's getting closer?"
"That certainly, but he has someone like me who can read minds. That's the last thing we want to happen here."
"To us, or to all of Taki?"
"To us, Sarehl."
"Do you do this of your own volition, Kaleb?" Kaleb fenced with Sarehl very gently.
"Does it matter?"
"Who asked you to do this?" There was a long silence and Sarehl knew he wasn't going to get an answer. He said pensively, "You have power, haven't you?"
"All power, my friend, is relative," responded Kaleb calmly and Sarehl couldn't get anything else from him. Accepting defeat, he went on to speak of the matter due to be discussed by the Oms. He didn't see the smile Kaleb gave him as he left the chamber.
~~~
Sarehl also learned very much more of Dahkilan society through his contact with Kasan, Ensore's young sister. Kasan had been away from her home for nearly eight of her nineteen cycles and was an honoured guest, with her own entourage, of Duke Nakron of Sushi. She was treated with respect and deference by the court.
She was quiet and reflective, more like her elder brother than Eli, Sarehl thought, once he got to know her. She was drawn to him because she'd already heard so much about him from Ensore. She was chestnut-haired; her mane, long and thickly luxuriant, hung loose. Her eyes, set in an oval face, were the usual Dahkilan gray, but they were most often pensive and invariably thoughtful when they encountered Sarehl's. She gave the appearance of being older than her cycles; though she was young, she wasn't girlish.
Sarehl would frequently find her standing in the courtyard outside her rooms, her gaze far distant. When asked if she was homesick, she smiled sadly and said she'd forgotten much about Elibera. She seldom spoke of her home or her people until Sarehl arrived, but now she blossomed, waiting for him to come to her with the latest letter or bulletin from Ensore. She listened to the deep voice reading to her, sitting back contentedly. Sarehl always felt at ease with her and sought her out for companionship.
If he was asked about Kasan, Sarehl would probably have answered that he found her pleasant and conversable and he'd have admitted developing fraternal affection for the little sister of someone dear to him. He remained indifferent to the women of any court he found himself in, though it was inevitable he'd be seen as eligible and attractive and few knew of Alicia or his children, Saren and Chlo. Sarehl didn't enlighten anyone. Kaleb doubted Sarehl would ever mate a second time.
He enjoyed being with Kasan because she had an enquiring and alert mind, encouraged him to talk on all matters, military or political, and was quite prepared to argue with him if she didn't agree. She had a ready laugh and a quick wit. Sarehl liked her very much, but thought a little sadly that she wasn't that much older than Myme Chlo who'd now be sixteen cycles.
It was Kalor who spoke out about Kasan one evening. The Duke was throwing one of his interminable receptions, this time for an envoy from one of the Elban princedoms. Eating had finished and dancing was under way, both Kalor and Kaleb hastily retreating before their hands could be claimed. Kalor was especially popular because of his devil-may-care attitude, but he was also a rake who played the court ladies for all their worth, discarding women he said rudely had no soul. When Kaleb remonstrated with him, Kalor chuckled.
"Kaleb, we play a game. The court women have as little affection for me as I have for them. I give them pleasure in the southern way that titillates them. It gives them something to talk about."
"One day, my friend," warned Kaleb direfully, "you'll fall very hard for a woman."
"I await the day," came the roguish, laughing response.
Kalor turned his attention to Kasan who'd just been led from the dance floor and was being seated by her partner. The Cyrenic watched her turn her head to look over at Sarehl across the hall. He gave an inaudible whistle.
"Our Dakhilan princess is become a beauty, isn't she, Kaleb? I wonder if Ensore would recognise the elegant and gracious woman she's become." Kaleb looked up at Kalor with a twinkle.
"Are you smitten?" he asked, his lips curling into a grin.
"Not me, my friend," observed Kalor, the healer's smile mirrored in his eyes. He nodded at Kasan, so Kaleb obligingly turned to face her.
"Aye, my friend," he replied, puzzled. "She's grown lovely - so?"
"Watch where her eyes wander," instructed Kalor lazily. Kaleb did. Again, Kasan gave Sarehl a quick look, not enough to be obvious to a casual observer. Sarehl was flanked by some of Nakron's highest military advisers and talked then laughed infectiously, a hand going up to his beard every so often.
He looked very much younger these days, Kaleb thought, studying the tall figure. Despite the facial scar and the permanent limp, Sarehl was a highly attractive man. The healer gave a quiet smile of satisfaction, thinking how astonished and gratified Ensore would be when he saw his friend again. Kaleb glanced back at Kasan. He saw a smile tremble on her lips when she looked at Sarehl for a third time. Kaleb looked up at Kalor, who tilted his head questioningly.
"Oh dear," murmured the healer ruefully. "Is he conscious of it, my friend?" Kalor turned and looked across at Sarehl who happened to look back at them. An affectionate smile crossing his face, he excused himself from the Sushi and came over to them, unaware of gray eyes that followed him.
Kalor said very quietly, "He has no suspicion of it at all, has he?"
"Quite unselfconscious," agreed Kaleb, pursing his lips.
"I wonder," muttered Kalor mischievously, "how Ensore would react to this?"
"With surprised amusement, I imagine," said Kaleb. His eyes dwelled thoughtfully on the young woman with wistful gray eyes that rested on the approaching figure. Kalor started to laugh. "And with much satisfaction," added Kaleb.
"Aye," responded Kalor, his voice low. "But what about the Dakhilan Curule?" Kaleb frowned at him, but Kalor's eyes danced irrepressibly.
"They'll have to adapt as every other society has to do. I imagine Ensore will change much. Stop laughing!" Kaleb turned from Kalor to greet Sarehl who paused a few steps away.
"What are you two hatching?" he asked suspiciously, his eyes going from one to the other.
"Nothing, my friend, nothing," responded Kalor still laughing. When he saw Sarehl's dark questioning eyes, he laughed even more.
~~~
Sarehl's contact with Kasan didn't lessen because Kasan adopted Sasqua and was one person, other than Sarehl, the Churchik girl implicitly trusted. She was still nervous of Kaleb, having had it imbued in her from infancy that the Yazd were something unhealthy, but did gratefully accept his ministrations. She was pitifully delighted to know that Sarehl was Bethel's eldest brother and came to treat him as if he was indeed her own, older brother. She and Kasan became very close, both refugees, and the latter supporting Sasqua in every way. So Kasan and Sarehl spent much time together because that was now inevitable.
~~~
It took Daxel's visit to Taki to enlighten Kasan about Sarehl. It came not long before Sarehl was due to leave for Kyaran and caught him completely by surprise. Among the rooms he'd been given in the palace, was one room he'd set aside as a study and office.
On this day he stood, thoughtfully looking out to the ordered flower beds in the courtyard below, his mind many miles distant. When the door opened, Sarehl didn't bother to turn round.
"Who's that?" he asked absently. "Is that you, Brue?"
When he got no answer, he turned idly and then just stood still, his eyes riveted to the face of the young man who stared back at him. A smile crept to his eyes when he realised how much his younger brother had grown and his hand went to his beard.
"Gods," he whispered. "Dase lad, you're grown into a man."
Daxel began to laugh as he advanced across the room with his arms out. They enfolded each other for a very long time, before Sarehl pushed the youth back so he could see him better.
Daxel was as tall as Sarehl, his frame was larger and though he was slender he was no longer thin, but instead looked athletic and moved with ease and grace. His hair was still in the shorter Dakhilan fashion, his face still serious and too mature for his years, but what struck Sarehl was the trace of dark fluff on the boy's cheeks and chin. Daxel was growing a beard. Sarehl shook his head. He thought his brother was the image of their father.
"Little brother doesn't seem appropriate now, Dase, does it?"
"Oh aye, big brother - I'll always be your little brother, Sar. Ah but it's good to see you!"
Daxel flung his arms round Sarehl again and hugged him hard, tears in his eyes when he let go his brother and sauntered over to a chair. He flopped into it and stretched out long limbs. Sarehl wandered over to his desk and perched on the edge of it, his eyes never leaving his brother's face. Daxel stared back at him and a smile lit the dark, serious eyes.
"Your scar's almost invisible, Sar," he said suddenly, "and you look so well, big brother!"
"I am," agreed Sarehl with a chuckle. "Very well fed and cared for too."
"You're heavier," Daxel commented, leaning back on the cushions, then moving them so they were more comfortable. "You live elegantly, don't you?" Sarehl grinned.
"The Strategos does, yes, lad." Daxel returned the grin. "Have you seen anyone else?"
"Not yet," was the reply. "Ens told me to see you first and I wouldn't have wanted to see anyone but you to begin with anyway. Ens asked me to give you this," he went on, pulling a sealed letter from his breeches pocket. Sarehl came over and took it, his eyes alert.
"Is an answer expected?" he asked, breaking the seal and perusing the single sheet. He gave Daxel a quick look.
"Ensore didn't mention one. Is it a despatch or something?"
"Something like," agreed Sarehl, calmly pocketing the sheet. "Would you like a drink, lad?" Daxel nodded and yawned. "Wine?"
"Aye, thank you."
When Sarehl opened the ornately carved and painted cabinet next to his desk to remove carafe and goblets, he glanced quickly across at the youth again, noticing with amusement that Daxel had stretched his long length out comfortably. The long legs were crossed at the ankle and the black eyes were half-closed.
"Was it a long ride you've just completed, lad?" Sarehl asked, pouring out the wine and crossing to his brother with the goblet held out.
"Aye, big brother. Loui and I didn't linger yesterday. We rode very hard to get here. The army's skirting the lake now, so Ensore told me he thought it should be safe enough for me to come and see you again. I'm glad he did, Sar. It's so good to see you. I think Ensore's by-passing Taki entirely."
"Yes, he is," agreed Sarehl, perching back on the edge of his desk and idly swinging a foot.
"Ongwin says we want to get into Kyaran land, to the plains that spread out from the base of the Chasa Mountains. I wonder if Ensore will make a stand there. That's what the men are saying anyway, Sar."
"It makes sense, lad, though I've yet to get to the Kyaran kingdom. We must hope the King's amenable. I imagine he will be when he hears from the Ustomi about what's happened to his cities and lands, because they're old trading partners and there's been recent inter-marriage as well."
"What's happening with the Sushi, Sar?" Daxel drank deeply and sank further into the chair.
"They're withdrawing, lad, and have been for a time. I won't be staying here for very much longer because there's urgency for me to get to Kyaran. Most of the organising at this end's been done to make transition easier; there's a limit to what I can do."
"Will it slow Lodestok, Sar? That's important."
"Possibly," was the thoughtful reply. "If nothing else, no slaves and no supplies irritate him. Also, he's extending his supply line quite dangerously, because he must be starting to depend on caravans wending north. He's destroyed much of where he's gone, so land won't provide the sustenance his army needs. It's only a matter of time before the warlord wakes up to the realisation that he must husband the resources he conquers, because his men have needs from the land. I won't be surprised to see less pillaging of the landscape and fewer firing of fields and forests over the next few cycles. If, lad, we can do something about his supply lines, we've a real chance of crippling him." Daxel listened quietly, his dark eyes fixed to his brother's face.
"Who could do that?" he asked dubiously, sipping at his wine.
"Southerners he's subjected," responded Sarehl. "People do fight back one day."
"If there are any left." Sarehl heard the bitterness in the young voice.
"Aye, little brother, as you say, if there are any left." He paused meditatively. "I remember Ensore telling me one day that a group of southerners was never defeated."
"The Sinhaliens," nodded Daxel.
"Do you know much about them, Dase?"
"Nothing much. Eli says they're dangerous to rouse and that they're amazing horsemen. They've perfected the use of recurve bows too. They're called steppefolk, so I'm told." Sarehl frowned down at his goblet.
"Lodestok tried to get some of their horses once, didn't he?"
"Apparently." Daxel shrugged, then grinned suddenly. "I think I have this right, Sar. Eli seems to think the Sinhaliens defeated Lodestok and sent him crawling back to the south."
"Salutary experience for the warlord," murmured Sarehl appreciatively.
"Maybe we can too," said Daxel, hopefully eying his brother.
"Aye, lad, the man's not invincible, and we have to defeat him. We have no choice, none at all." Sarehl's voice had gone quiet, but now he looked up with a smile. "Ensore tells me you're with one of Ongwin's cavalry troops, lad. Is that so?" Daxel's face relaxed into a very boyish grin that was both shy and proud.
"Aye, Sar. He took me from the courier squad nearly a cycle ago. I'm directly under him." He looked a bit self-conscious. "He's training me to be an officer." Sarehl rose, limped across the room, stooped and rested a hand on his brother's shoulder.
"Dase," he said quietly. "I'm so proud of you." Daxel blushed and put his hand up to grip Sarehl's hard in response. He was silent for a moment, then spoke hesitantly.
"Ens says all we are today we owe to you, Sar. You've organised the army and set out the campaigns to come, haven't you?" It was Sarehl's turn to be discomfited. He crossed to the window and stared out the window, not saying anything. "It would all be for nothing without you, big brother. We all know that."
"Perhaps," murmured Sarehl, turning to his desk and lifting the carafe with which he replenished the goblets.
"Have you heard any more of Bethel, Sar?" asked Daxel tentatively.
"From what Brue told us and what we learned from Sasqua and Ensore, do you mean?"
"Aye."
"No, lad, nothing." Sarehl looked searchingly at his brother. "Lute, Dase?" Daxel shook his head, but Sarehl saw his hand shake. "We need to talk about our brothers, lad, don't we?" he asked gently, his eyes on the bowed head.
Daxel's answer was inaudible. Just as he looked up and was about to add something, the door opened and Kaleb entered, a huge smile splitting his face as he advanced on Daxel with his arms wide.
"I heard a messenger who looked like the Strategos arrived a short while ago," he said beaming. "Well, lad, stand and let me look at you!" For a little man, the healer's hug was ferociously strong. He stared up into the young bashful face and laughed. "Gods, lad, you're becoming the image of your big brother, even to the traces of a beard. I can hardly credit how you've grown! Just look at you!" Kaleb turned Daxel round and then pushed him back into the chair, making Daxel spill his wine. "You've even filled out, Dase, and you've got taller. What is it with you Samars?" Daxel started to laugh and brushed at the wine that was on his breeches. Then he glanced up to see Kalor at the door surveying him, a roguish twinkle in the Cyrenic's eyes.
"See how like Sarehl he is," said Kaleb, helping himself to wine but waving first at Daxel who rose and hastily placed his goblet beside the chair. Kalor strode across the room and grasped both of Daxel's outstretched hands affectionately.
"You've grown out of all recognition, lad," he said, with a welcoming smile. "And you do look well. You're a very handsome fellow at that. From such raw and thin beginnings comes a youth with coloured plumage," he added on a teasing note. Daxel blushed again and threw his hands in the air in mock despair.
"Have I changed so much?" he demanded.
"Aye, lad," chuckled Kalor. "From boy to man. I see you're striving for a beard and all."
"Stop teasing him," grinned Sarehl, coming to his brother's rescue. Kalor wandered over to Sarehl's cabinet and began pushing the contents in all directions while he hunted for a goblet.
"And why are you here, lad?" he asked, jerking up his head for a moment.
"I brought a letter from Ensore for Sarehl."
"He usually sends regular couriers for that purpose, doesn't he?" asked Kalor, straightening with a goblet in one hand, but a look of surprise on his face. He caught Sarehl's warning glance and turned to the wine. Kaleb changed the conversation.
"Tell us, lad, how you find your brother."
"I can hardly believe he looks as he does," was the genuine response. "He's so much heavier and looks more like how I remember him when we were children." Daxel looked respectfully across to the little healer. "We have you to thank, haven't we?" he said shyly.
"Not entirely. Your brother struggled to get where he is." Kaleb drank deeply, then lifted the goblet in a salute. Sarehl and Kalor did likewise. "To you, lad, and to seeing you again."
"So tell us, Dase," said Kalor, striding over to a chair and sprawling in it, "what the -." Daxel looked enquiringly round when Kalor broke off and glanced over at the door. Before anyone could speak, a copper-headed boy came bounding into the room, his very blue eyes widely enquiring and bright.
"Why's everyone here?" he demanded. "Sar, Maren's let me go for the rest of today, so can I..."
His voice trailed away when he suddenly noticed the stranger lounging in a chair on the other side of the room. Daxel stopped resting and sat abruptly, his eyes keen and disbelieving. He looked as hard at Brue as the boy looked at him. Brue stood still, fidgeting. It was Sarehl who went to him and draped an arm over the rigid young shoulders.
"Large for his age, Dase, isn't he?" he said easily. "And isn't he the image of his father?"
Daxel swallowed. He had a vivid memory of he and his twin, resigned to a deserved scalping they were about to receive from a huge red-headed man with an impressive bushy beard. A surge of affection for the Bruno who'd loved their mother almost choked Daxel. He had to swallow again as he struggled to push the memory into the past, before he felt in control enough to look at the boy cast in his father's image.
"Aye," he said huskily, a smile touching his face as he put out a reassuring hand to the boy who still stood unmoving. "Aye, Sar, he is. You're a young copy, Brue, of the man who married Mam." He held out his arms in welcome. "Won't you come to your brother?"
"Sar tells me it's you who saved me," whispered Brue, as he went shyly forward and was held affectionately in long, strong arms. He bent his head. Daxel hugged him hard and touched his lips to the copper head.
"It feels right to hold you again, little man. Thank the gods Kalor found you," he murmured. Brue relaxed and stared up into the dark eyes, curiosity in his.
"You're very like Sar," he announced.
"Shall I stand?" asked Daxel, with a wicked grin. "If I stand next to him, then you'll see if we're alike." Brue stepped back so his brother could stand. When Daxel sauntered over to Sarehl and draped an arm about his elder brother's shoulders, Kaleb caught his breath. Even Kalor looked mildly surprised.
"Well, Brue?" asked Sarehl, with a twinkle. Brue looked astonished.
"Sar says I take after my Da. You and Sar must look like yours because I think, don't you, Kalor," he appealed to the Cyrenic who gave a wry grin, "they look the same."
"Aye, lad," he agreed with a chuckle. Daxel crossed to Brue and taking the boy's hand, he pulled Brue onto his knees when he sat again.
"Now, little fellow, you must tell me all about yourself, before I tell you anything about me. Who's Maren, then?" A delighted boy stroked Daxel's face and began to chatter quite unselfconsciously.
~~~
Daxel's days passed in pleasant renewal of friendships with Arth, Sache and Dalmin, though he was shadowed by Brue who guarded him jealously. All doors opened to the Strategos' younger brother. He met Maren, too, and liked the captain immediately; it was reciprocal, Maren seeing in the youth what Brue could be. He watched Brue's attempts to distract Daxel, the boy reminding him strongly of a puppy with its first bone and he smiled tolerantly, aware the child hadn't seen his brother since Ortok and conscious, too, that both needed time together to renew a brotherly bond.
Daxel met Kasan. Since he was as easy in manner and as unaffected as Sarehl, Kasan liked him immediately. She and Daxel walked about the gardens, both enjoying the sun and companionship, and, since Daxel had endured a long and arduous ride, this relaxation suited him.
It was Kasan who first spoke of Sarehl, but she did so in such a way that Daxel stared down at her with an arrested expression. He decided then and there that he had to talk to Kaleb. Kasan didn't think she'd been obvious, but Daxel was a highly sensitive young man who could almost sniff nuances. He was frankly intrigued. They sat on a marble seat where Kasan twined her fingers through her hair. Daxel concentrated on what she was saying.
"You resemble Sarehl closely, don't you?"
"So they say, aye. We're all supposed to be alike, except Brue, that is. Even Chlo's got our colouring, or she had."
"Beth's very like you, too, Sasqua tells me." Daxel nodded, quite unable to say anything in reply.
He'd met Sasqua, but even after speaking with her, his mind boggled that she could be Bethel's mate or that she could be carrying his younger brother's child. He still vividly remembered the shy, gentle boy who always gave in when they had fun-fights and he simply couldn't imagine the beautiful little musician as a father. He came back to the present.
"Sasqua tells me he has very long hair," he said, for want of something to say.
"Yes," responded Kasan. "Yours is shorter in the Dahkilan way. Why?"
"Because I've been with your brothers for so long," Daxel answered. "Ens cut it that way the first day I met him."
"That sounds very like him," said Kasan on a faint chuckle. "Ensore likes Sarehl very much, doesn't he?"
"Yes," Daxel agreed, eying Kasan cautiously.
"So do I," she admitted frankly. "He's a gentle man and we often talk together. He sometimes seems to me to be a solitary person."
"I'm glad he talks with you," said Daxel, with genuine gratitude. "I know he hasn't talked with other than Ensore and his four close friends for a very long time, other than as an ambassador when he's surrounded by people and responds as he must. Once, in Ortok, he was much more sociable and enjoyed being with a wide range of people." Daxel sighed. "I sometimes wonder if he'll fully recover from Alicia and the children." Kasan's head came up at that and her gray eyes were startled.
"Who?" she asked. Daxel glanced down ruefully and chewed on his lower lip.
"Didn't you know about them?" he asked gently.
"No," she whispered. "Tell me."
"I'm not sure I should," Daxel said nervously. "If Sar wanted you to know, he'd tell you himself." Kasan held his hand.
"Yes," she said positively. "You should tell me. I want to know."
Daxel shrugged and began to speak. Kasan heard the break in the deep voice as he did and gripped both his hands when Daxel's voice faltered a few times in his recital. When he went silent, she saw he was pale, his teeth were clenched hard and he looked bone weary she thought, her hands tightening on his. When Daxel put his arm round her, she snuggled into him as if indeed he was one of her brothers.
When he left her, Kasan walked quietly away to think. Her mind was full of images of a nearly dead and brutalised young man, an even younger dead woman and savagely murdered little ones, and she found emotions overwhelmed her - pity, anger and horror made her unable to communicate for some hours.
~~~
Daxel, however, wasn't amused when told some of the contents of Ensore's letter. His face was a mixture of disbelief, chagrin and annoyance. Sarehl merely looked diverted.
"What would happen," demanded Daxel, "if I just rode back?"
"You'd incur his gravest displeasure," answered Sarehl, looking hard at him. Daxel ground his teeth.
"Is it an order then?"
"Yes, little brother, that's exactly what it is."
"What am I to do here? I've no place outside the troop."
"I'm leaving Sushi soon, Dase. Ensore wants you to accompany me to Kyaran. He says you're to join up with him from Krynn, but not until he sends the order for you."
Daxel got to his feet and strode about irritably, one hand kneading the other. He stopped next to his brother.
"Who goes with you?"
"The usual five, including me. We also take Sasqua, because Kaleb wants her well away to Kyaran where he'll be able to concentrate on the child's birth. He anticipates it'll be very difficult and worries for both the unborn child and for Sasqua."
"What about Brue and Kasan?" Sarehl looked up, surprised.
"Kasan? Why would she go with me, lad? She's the honoured guest of Nakron and will travel with the royal entourage." Daxel glanced briefly at his brother.
"Oh," he said, for want of anything else. "And Brue?"
"Brue will move out with Maren. I've no worries about the boy because Maren and his wife have well-nigh adopted our little brother. You've not met Maren's wife, have you?"
"No," responded Daxel, seeing amusement on his brother's face. "Why?"
"She's very motherly."
"Ah," said Daxel with comprehension. "I've noticed how Maren is with Brue. He cares for the boy, doesn't he?" Sarehl nodded. Daxel threw himself down on Sarehl's bed. "Gods, what shall I do?" Sarehl looked over at him affectionately.
"Don't worry, little brother. We'll make you so busy you'll wish you were back lazing in the troop!" Daxel's head came up indignantly, then he fell back laughing.
"I challenge you on that!"
"I thought you would," said Sarehl to himself.
~~~
Four weeks later, Sarehl left Taki for Kyaran. It was a hard time for Brue, because he'd only become reacquainted with one of the brothers who now left. He stood watching the milling entourage that accompanied the Strategos these days when he travelled, Maren's wife beside him, her arm protectively about the boy's shoulder, while Maren had a reassuring hand on the boy's copper head.
Sarehl spent a long time farewelling his little brother and his hug of Brue was such that it brought tears to the blue eyes, and though Daxel's farewell was briefer, it was a fierce one that Brue responded to with a quiver. Brue's goodbyes to the foresters and Kaleb were tearful, but he swallowed hard and accepted the indulgent pats on the head from men who now had other priorities. Kalor stayed longest with him.
"Learn all you can, little fellow," he said quietly. "You're a good lad, Brue, and we care very much for you. Let Maren be a father to you. Respond to him as you do to me."
"I'll try hard," promised Brue, his lips trembling.
"Good boy," approved Kalor, stooping to kiss the upturned, wistful face. "I'll miss you, lad, and await the day we all join up in a single army. Remember, little fellow, it won't be long now."
It was now that Brue caught at Kalor's hand again as the man turned away. Looking back and down, Kalor saw the boy clutched the larkbill the Cyrenic carved for him long cycles ago. Kalor gave a broad smile of understanding and flicked Brue's curls affectionately before he strode away. Brue's eyes followed him.
Brue watched the entourage become orderly and prepare for the imminent move forward. Strategos Sarehl had all the trappings of dignity and consequence, all of which made Daxel highly disrespectful. Sarehl took the ragging in good part, mainly because he was relieved Daxel hadn't questioned him more closely about Ensore's letter.
Sarehl had no desire to explain the Marshal felt that, during the brief manoeuvre that would save the northern army time and ultimately put them well ahead of Lodestok, they'd pass too near to the southern army. Daxel wouldn't have understood Ensore's concern - both he and Sarehl felt the youth's dignity would be saved by his not knowing he'd been deliberately sent from possible danger.
When the entourage began to move, Brue broke free from Ceda and Maren, rushed along the length of the train until he reached Sarehl at the head of it, and, breathless, caught at Sarehl's stirrup. Sarehl glanced down and immediately put up his hand for a halt. He helped Brue clamber into the saddle, so the boy could ride with him to the city gates just opened for the departure.
There, Sarehl clasped Brue tightly, before he let the boy scramble clear and then he held the small outstretched hand for as long as he could as his horse walked forward again. Ceda and Maren found the boy crouched by the closing gates, sobbing as if his heart would break. When Maren bent down and gently lifted the boy into his arms, Brue flung his arms about Maren's neck and wept bitterly and deeply into his shoulder. It was a very caring hand that stroked the copper head as Maren and Ceda took Brue home.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Soji tried to come to terms with an experience that devastated her. For days after she was returned to her father, she wept without respite, the physical violation bad enough, but the emotional rape changing Soji in a way her father couldn't comprehend. Captive healers sent to her chamber to help, found they couldn't reach her on any level, spiritual, mental or physical, and she refused to have any man near her for long. In those first days Soji screamed at the healer until he left the room.
She withdrew, unable to accept what her father had permitted done to her; while she wept in his arms, she rejected him with fear and loathing. She accepted the touches of her brothers because she felt she must. Her family became strangers to her.
Even her mother couldn't reach her daughter, because Soji saw, for the first time, how, as a Churchik wife, Soraya was completely dominated by her warrior spouse. She wouldn't do or say anything that would bring inevitable physical retribution, Alleghy one of the warrior class not averse to keeping his wife submissive through use of a whip. Other warriors didn't, generally, follow the same practice. Soji rejected the life she was raised to accept and respect, because she knew she'd receive support only if she was slavishly obedient like her mother. Sometimes Soji felt choked by despair.
She woke at night, lathered with sweat, because above her she always saw the cold and empty, dark eyes that looked straight through her without emotion. She saw and felt the soft, dark curls that tickled her skin, remembered the long curling eyelashes and the full, curved mouth, and then felt again the power of the lean body that claimed her as surprisingly gentle hands made her repeatedly respond. And as she re-lived the nightmare, she knew she cried for a young man to whom she'd have willingly given everything.
She thought back to her reaction when she first sighted Luton at Kher's side and, like all the girls present, she saw a tall and very handsome boy who drew all eyes. Though he stood quietly, Soji sensed that in some way he was different; if his eyes were cold and impersonal, they were also fascinatingly magnetic. Her heart flutter had been one of pleasant anticipation.
That was until she stood close to Luton. He'd looked down at her with such glittering eyes, Soji had felt breathless fear grip her. She knew, in that moment, that their destinies were irrevocably entwined and though she asked mechanically who he was, deep inside Soji knew the answer, that he'd unintentionally hurt her and that she'd have his child. Always in her nightmare she saw the youth she wanted to love, and in collision with that the reality of the spiritless and cold-blooded man with the chilling dark eyes that seemed to devour her. She tossed on her pillows, cried brokenly, until exhausted and too weary to be awake, restless sleep came.
Soji listened to the angered ravings of her father and brothers and knew they were impotent. She accepted she carried Luton's child but it made her sick with dread when she thought that one day, after it was born, the child would be taken to the Keep. Soji became increasingly convinced Blach would do to her child what he'd already done to Luton. She made herself ill when she let her mind dwell on that and no one suspected that as soon as Luton released her, Soji determined that her child wouldn't go to the Keep. Soji decided that both she and the child would die before that happened, though she'd no idea how she'd save her child.
She knew, too, that Luton was correct when he said she'd bear a daughter. As her maternity increased, Soji began to dream more vividly; it was less often of Luton, though she saw him in watery visions that became hazy. Mostly she began to see a small, elfin-faced woman, with Luton's mass of tumbling dark curls, but this woman had the most expressive and large green eyes that offered Soji comfort. They smiled at her. The face was sometimes young, then older. In her dreams, Soji stared into those eyes, mesmerised.
Near term, Soji clearly understood that she looked at someone who was either her daughter, or closely resembled what her daughter would be, and the woman had to be nearly related to Luton. The woman sometimes showed her mountains and indistinct people who came towards her, but most often she was shown the face of another older woman, with kindly gray eyes and her hands out in welcome.
Soji never spoke of what she saw and when she began to see other things as well, she knew she couldn't speak of them either. It was as if her experience with Luton broke a barrier within and now she could see and comprehend things and people far distant and in places she'd never been.
She learned to be profoundly sad for Luton, so wantonly destroyed and far more cruelly used than she was. She knew her people had led to his enslavement and imprisonment as Blach's mute slave. It took her some time to come to this, but when she did, a calm remoteness wrapped itself around her that set her at a distance from others and gave her an unusual degree of dignity in one so young. She was no longer a young girl. Her only apparent distress was when talk veered to her child going to the Keep. She would turn and flee in tears.
The day before the child was born, Soji rested in a chair outside in a sunny courtyard. As she looked into the distance, she suddenly saw Luton with unexpected clarity. He was hunched in a chair in a small, sunless study, his long fingers tracing lines on a paper and his lips moving. He looked painfully thin, frail, very pale and quite ill. She snapped the image shut and then realised, with a surge of shock, she'd not been able to do that before. She withdrew even further into herself, her grief for Luton genuine and deep.
~~~
It was a surprisingly easy birth, the child tiny and frail-looking. When her father came to see her, Soji quite relaxed with the baby cradled in her arms and staring down at her, Alleghy had the feeling he looked upon a mature woman he simply didn't know. He spoke curtly.
"I have a name for her, daughter. She will be called Bronyr - that means `child brought forth unwillingly`." Soji shook her head.
"She already has a name, Pater. I named her seasons ago." Alleghy chewed on his inner cheek.
"Oh?" he asked interrogatively. "What is her name then, child?"
"Jonqi, Pater. It means `light and grace`." Alleghy transferred his stare to the infant and grunted.
"Very well, if you wish, child, she will be called Jonqi."
"I thank you, Pater," murmured Soji, with real gratitude.
"She is very small, is she not?"
"Yes, Pater, she is." Both looked at the dark down on the tiny head and Soji whispered, "She will be dark-haired."
"Yes, child," agreed Alleghy, his voice hardening, "she will." He frowned heavily. "Let us hope she has nothing else of her father in her. Do not get attached to the child, daughter. In five seasons she goes to the Keep, so you would be well advised to hand the child over to slaves to be cared for. I have other plans for you."
Mutely, Soji shook her head and gave a shiver when her father left the room. She knew that already a messenger was sent to the sorcerer, informing him the infant was born and would be duly delivered to the Keep. Soji was present when the messenger returned from Kher, with a sealed billet for her father. Alleghy broke the seal and read the contents of the letter out loud.
 
"The newborn child, daughter of my slave Luton, will be escorted to Haskar Kher in exactly five seasons from the signing of this letter. She belongs to me. Her life will be within the Keep."
 
As she listened, Soji's eyes hardened unrecognisably, a fact that didn't escape her father. He strode across to her and painfully gripped her shoulder, the shake he gave her sharp.
"You will obey Blach as you will me, Soji," he cautioned her. He looked across at Soraya. "What are you about, woman, to let her believe she may do as she chooses?" Soji glanced across at her mother to see Soraya's head drop, her eyes full of tears. "You do understand that your obedience is my will, Soji?" Soji didn't respond. "You do not want a sorcerer's spawn about you for the rest of your life. I have a warrior in mind for you whom you will wed - he tells me he does not care you are not a maid. I wish you to show signs of interest, girl."
Soji stared at her feet and didn't speak for a long moment. Then she answered quietly.
"As you will, Pater."
Alleghy lifted Soji's chin, to read hurt and defiance in the blue eyes.
"Do not make me force your compliance, child," he warned. He looked into eyes that now brimmed with tears that fell onto his hand and he added more gently, "Since you wish to be with your little one, Soji, go to her and enjoy your time with her for as long as you have her." He gave her a push, his eyes pensively following her.
Soji returned to her daughter, dismissed the slave, and lifting the infant in her arms Soji held Jonqi close. Then she held the little girl further from her. She saw how the child's hair already thickened, began to densely curl, and saw, too, how dark the eyes became. Jonqi would resemble her father. There was little of Jonqi that showed she was a Churchik child - perhaps it was only in the shape of the eyes and in the soft, pale southern skin that she inherited from her mother. Soji pulled the little girl close again, whispering fiercely, "No one other than your father shall ever have you, Jonqi, I promise you that."
Soji crouched beside the cradle with the child pressed against her chest. The infant was silent, but Soji wept.
~~~
Soji waited and planned. Each day she muttered that she must be patient and still refused to let any other tend the child for any length of time. Though her parents raised their eyebrows at this, they didn't demur, both hoping that in time Soji would lose interest in the child and show herself obedient to her father's wishes.
A young warrior, called Tago, came to visit regularly at Alleghy's request. The young warrior's assurance to Soji, that he didn't mind she'd given birth to something impure and vile that deserved to go to its father, didn't endear him to Soji. In every way he was an exemplary warrior and Soji knew that, in another time, had she not known Luton, she'd have happily accepted Tago as her spouse and probably agreed with his sentiments about slaves and inferior races. Now she merely dreaded his calls and tried to absent herself. When Alleghy realised her tactics, he suggestively fingered his whip. Cowed, Soji suffered Tago to approach and accepted his increasingly pointed familiarity.
~~~
Jonqi was four seasons old, raven-haired, dark-eyed but with very fair, almost milky skin, and wide-opened, large almond-shaped eyes, heavily fringed by very long black eyelashes. She was a remarkably pretty child, but solemn, and didn't speak at all, nor had she been heard to utter infant sounds like gurgling or crying. Jonqi just placidly smiled.
Soji's chance to hopefully plan an escape came unexpectedly. They were at evening meal, when she suddenly became aware of the conversation going on around her. She'd let her mind drift but now heard her father address his two sons; she kept her head respectfully bowed, not wishing to draw attention to herself.
"The warlord," Alleghy was saying, frowning into his goblet, "calls for the elite to join him in the north. That means, Sven, you will take my place here as overlord of Dahkilah. You have seen enough to do this very well." Sven gave a cold smile.
"Certainly, Pater," he replied with emphasis. Alleghy nodded comprehension.
"You, Loki, will move southwest towards Chika to assist Haskar Sek's son with continued monitoring of supply caravans. There are to be slave caravans returning north after all these cycles, so you are to help round up all the under-utilised slaves from the southwest, before you return here until further notice." Alleghy paused and drank deeply. "The warlord wants as many slaves north as he can get. Seems an irony, does it not?" Alleghy caught Sven's eye, then looked meaningfully at Soji's bent head - Sven nodded his understanding. Loki glanced at his sister but made no comment. Alleghy spoke quietly. "And you, daughter, will go east to your uncle. I have advised Haskar Kher you can be met there, so you will stay with your cousin Kesk until the haskar comes to you. He will remove the child to the Keep and you will immediately return to Chika, to Loki, in preparation for your marriage. I wish that union to be consummated before I go north, so I have asked Tago to be with us for the ceremony three days from today. You will make yourself ready for him. I trust I make myself plain, child?"
Soji lifted her head, her eyes a mute appeal. Alleghy shook his head and she looked away. She brushed a tear from her cheek.
"I understand you, Pater," she whispered.
"You know I will brook no defiance, so you will do as you are bid, girl?"
"Yes, Pater."
Soji behaved irreproachably over the next days and was so submissive and compliant, Alleghy softened towards her and gentled in his attitude.
~~~
She didn't refuse preparations for the Churchik custom of marri, allowing older women to do as they willed. On the afternoon of the ceremony, she lay, or stood, as directed, until she was led to the voluptuous chamber set aside for the marital witnessing.

When she asked to be alone with Jonqi for a few moments, Alleghy, in high good humour, granted her that. She knelt by the little girl. Her hands went under Jonqi's skirt for the small phial secreted there. Turning her back so those present for marri couldn't see what she did, Soji drank from the phial and put it back in hiding, kissed the little girl, then rose. Her father came back and took her hand. Opening the chamber door, he led her to the bed where Tago lay.
It took Soji back to Luton. It took all her control and courage not to scream when she was carefully lifted and laid beside Tago. Resolutely, she closed her eyes and clenched her teeth. When Tago claimed her as his future wife she gasped at his rough passion, but heard approving murmurs of those gathered about them. Warrior marital ownership, enshrined in the ceremony of marri, was complete. All she knew, as she drifted into a drug-induced slumber, was that Jonqi was beside her as usual and she was secure in the knowledge there'd be no child as the result of her union with Tago. Comforted, Soji let sleep take her.
~~~
On the day Alleghy left for the north, he gently blessed his daughter when she came dutifully forward to farewell him.
"All will be well, child," he murmured, as he stooped to kiss her hair. "You will see that I am right - you should be with child to Tago. Be polite to your uncle and obey him and your brothers always. You understand you are legally tied, through marri? You know what you owe to Tago, do you not?"
"Yes, Pater."
"Then be blessed, daughter, and know happiness again in the way that you should always have known it. Without Jonqi, your life will be content."
"I thank you for your blessing, Pater."
Soji stood back while Alleghy mounted his warhorse and brought the fretting stallion under control with a firm and practised hand. She stood still, watching until he and his retinue were out of sight. She felt a hand on her shoulder. Looking up and round she saw it was Sven and, obedient to the pressure, allowed him to lead her inside.
Two days later saw Soji assisted into the saddle and helped to settle Jonqi in the special leather cradle constructed to rest in front of her mother. Sven stared at the small bundle in the cradle and then glanced up at his sister as she got comfortable.
'Are you ready, Soji?"
"I am ready," she answered, her hand down to her brother, but her eyes sombre. He smiled up at her.
"We care about you, Soji. You are special to me. Come back soon to your formal marriage."
"I will," she answered bleakly. Sven kissed her hand then let her go, tapping her horse's rump as he stood back.
~~~
Her small cavalcade set forth. Soji was flanked by a slave and four warriors. The latter she knew would only leave her once she was installed with her uncle, before they went north to join the warlord's troops. The warriors chosen as her guard were single-mindedly loyal to Alleghy and Soji knew quite well she was a prisoner and could expect no sympathy or understanding from them. She knew, too, that given a chance, they'd spit Jonqi in the way half-breeds were despatched. Soji assumed she'd always be guarded by two of the warriors.
It was to be a long trip, but nobody wanted to hurry. The warriors knew provided they had Soji and the child in Kersk land within the season, she'd be there well in time to rendezvous with Kher. Soji didn't wish for haste, because each day with her daughter became more precious.
After a week of riding steadily southeast, Soji appeared one morning clad in boy's clothing. Warrior eyebrows went up in rigid disapproval.
"Your father would not approve," stated Them in condemnatory tones, his pale eyes running up and down her slight figure. "Why the change, girl?"
"My skirts make riding for a whole day uncomfortable," she explained demurely. "Do you not wish to make reasonable speed?"
"As you wish," said Them disapprovingly, "but you change before we get to your uncle's, girl. We will not be shamed by you."
"I will change before then," was the docile response. Them's severe expression relaxed and he joined her at the fire, his hand on her shoulder.
"You do not lack courage, Soji," he said quietly.
Soji bent her head and bit her lip, thanking the gods Loki hadn't thrown out all his old clothes, even though they swam on her. Each day they rode, Soji was up before even the slave so she could trim her hair a little. She sensed her best chance of escape would be dressed as a boy because she'd arouse less comment being alone. A lone girl in the south, she knew, was fair game.
Had Them looked closely at Soji, he'd have thought she had hair overlong for a boy, but certainly much shorter than was worn by girls of marriageable age. The boy's cap Soji wore disguised the exact length of her hair.
They passed through subjugated lands, the Churchik presence felt everywhere. Since Soji had no intention of being caught out in an abortive escape plan, she settled into a routine that would become familiar to the warriors and be completely accepted once they were further south. She was thankful Jonqi was a silent child like her father and still never cried even when she hurt herself. There would be the faintest of yelps, then nothing. Jonqi wondered if the child was born almost as mute as her father.
They kept on a south-easterly bearing, the weather improving the further south they went. It'd been a harsh and unrelenting winter that only now thawed to a late and chilly spring. Soji enjoyed the hours of riding in the sun but shivered woefully in the evenings, even wrapped in furs and cloaks. After her experience with Luton, Soji was thin and looked frail. She hadn't regained either strength or appetite and dressed as a boy she looked waif-like. Jonqi, Soji noticed enviously, didn't seem to notice the cold.
With time passing and because Soji did nothing alarming, the warriors began to relax their vigilance. She was no longer overtly guarded and could even take the child for a walk, unaccompanied, of an evening. Soji took care never to walk beyond warrior vision and they accepted this as a way of settling the child for the night, but since Jonqi was anathema to the warriors, Soji never left her alone. She also told the slave never to attend her at night, saying she preferred to be private and alone with her child. The slave obeyed her without hesitation.
Soji knew when they entered Kersk, because she could see mountains in the distance that bordered Sinhalien and Churchik lands. They were the mountains the woman showed her in visions so many times before Jonqi was born. Soji felt she'd already been there. She asked Them if they were far from the Kerulen-Nuur border.
"There is some distance to go yet, girl. Why do you ask?"
"I have lost my bearings," she replied glibly.
She promptly got a geography lesson and submitted with good grace because she got the information she wanted. She watched as they drew ever nearer the range of mountains. She knew her uncle's city-state of Tyras was south of them and if she was going to make her escape she had to choose her timing very carefully. The closer the peaks came the further into Churchik lands they went, warrior activity apparent everywhere. Soji felt her gut tighten with apprehension. For her it became a waiting game.
The days that followed brought the alps close enough to frown down upon them and Soji knew it would be soon they veered southwards, only fifteen days riding from her uncle's. Her tension mounted, until she shook and felt quite ill. She barely ate.
They saw regular patrols that Soji had to monitor so she could evaluate their schedules. This wasn't difficult, because the Churchik were unthreatened in their own lands and their routines were predictable. The land noticeably greened. Instead of an arid and barren landscape, Soji saw stands of trees and the beginnings of meadows and arable land, then, when they rode beside fields and orchards, she knew they were close to the city-state of Knos, north of her uncle's lands. Her time was running out.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

This evening, Soji dressed in female attire, her hair swept into a girl's lace net. She joined the warriors to eat. Them looked across at her, smiled and nodded his approval. Soji was very quiet, she ate sparingly and Them thought she looked very pale and not especially well.
They settled for the night just off a lane they'd begun to follow that afternoon, so, where they were camped was in open ground, some distance from where the slave was ordered to tether the horses in tall bushes. Soji uttered a mental cry of relief over that, because she'd been having visions of being caught reaching her horse if they were closer.
The warriors were disinclined to talk, so three of them finally settled themselves in front of the fire to sleep. The slave also curled up, but much further from the fire. The fourth warrior ordered Soji to her unsel. He was startled, therefore, when she didn't go but instead came across to him and nestled up close in a way that surprised him. Lisen bent his head.
"What is this, girl?" His frown faded when he got a bewitching smile in return. "What are you suggesting?" he said, his hand going to her head. "You are bound by marri and all but wed to Tago."
"Who will know?" she whispered.
Her hand reached up to his and placed it inside her skirt. She sensed his immediate response and rose, well aware he quickly followed her. Upon his entering her unsel, she saw him discard his belts and wrench at his breeches, before he flung her roughly on the pallet, unceremoniously pushed up her skirt and, without a second thought, forcefully took her. Soji breathed very deeply and didn't utter a sound as Lisen took his pleasure.
Finally, Soji looked down at the sleeping sated warrior, her eyes cold and as hard as Luton's. She quietly picked up a knife and despatched Lisen with one swift stroke. With shaking hands, she clambered into Loki's clothes, then stood trembling, aware her death would be immediate and excruciatingly painful. She shivered uncontrollably when she thought of what they'd then do to Jonqi. She forced herself to be calm.
She crept from the campsite, a slender boy with a bundle slung across the back and a sleeping child, swathed in cloaks, held in trembling hands. Soji walked stealthily until she reached the shelter of the tall shrubs, then she ran, knowing her life depended on it. When she reached the horses she cut them loose and quickly saddled her own which she mounted in haste. She didn't bother to place Jonqi in the cradle. She just tied her in front of her to the broad boy's belt, even as she urged the horse forward. Once she'd secured Jonqi, she grasped the reins, held the horse back until she felt they were out of earshot, then dug her spurred boots to the horse's flanks. It galloped.
Soji had monitored their progress very carefully and knew she now had to follow due northeast to reach the base of the mountain chain that frowned so menacingly above her. It separated the Sinhalien from the rest of the south and looked formidable. She could see the mountains close and outlined against the light of a clear night sky. She kept them in her line of sight.
Where possible she kept off main routes and took cuts through fields and copses whenever she could. She'd left camp before mid of night, so guessed she had a good four or five hours on the warriors. With luck, she hoped they'd rest longer. Soji felt gorge rise when she thought about her probable punishment. It made her grip her knife resolutely, deciding, then and there, that she'd cut Jonqi's throat, then her own, before anyone took her prisoner for Churchik execution. With this comforting thought she gripped her lower lip between her teeth and urged the horse to go faster.
Daylight didn't come early at this time of the cycle, so that was a blessing for Soji who thought she had a good half day's ride to reach the base of the mountains. She couldn't skirt them, because they sprawled in a long chain and that was what she thought the Churchik would expect her to do. She knew they'd be alerted soon and patrols would watch for her, though they'd expect and look for a girl rather than a boy. From a distance that would be her only advantage. She'd no alternative but to tackle the mountains themselves and was conscious she might well not survive that, but somehow, that seemed less of a terror than having to hand Jonqi over to the sorcerer. At least she and the child would be dead. Soji shivered constantly as she rode.
When daylight broke, Soji took a quick break, rubbed down her horse, watered it and gave it feed. She also cut the cradle loose. She dealt with Jonqi, who'd not uttered a sound since they left camp. Soji made sure Jonqi was properly cared for and the horse rested before she began the ride again. She ate little, conscious she had to conserve what little food she'd managed to find for Jonqi to eat in the mountains. Every so often, Soji anxiously paused to look back, but she saw no one. This was a relief because land opened up and became barren as she approached the foothills in a way that made her feel exposed and vulnerable.
Whether she knew it or not, and that was highly unlikely, she followed the same route Lodestok took so many cycles ago when he first contacted the Sinhalien. His ride over the mountains, though, was further to the northeast. Soji rode directly north. By late afternoon Soji reached the base of the mountains and her heart quailed at how forbidding they looked. There was a rocky defile about half a mile in front of her that didn't look as if it'd been used for a long time. Taking a deep breath, Soji urged her horse forward and cantered towards it. Just as she reached it, she looked back and gave a small inarticulate cry of fear. Instinctively, using her enhanced sight, she clearly made out a squad of Churchik warriors who moved towards her with alarming speed. She saw there were six riders and guessed, with a sinking heart, they made up an execution squad. She could tell they closed fast. Her father's warriors hadn't wasted time organising it.
Refusing to be defeated she set her mount to climb the defile, the horse having to pick its way over and round rubble. It was difficult enough in daylight, but with fading light Soji had to slow the horse even more. Several miles up she turned, to see the warriors mill at the base - they didn't hesitate, first one then another entering in single file. She gave a sob, clenched her teeth and resolutely kept going. She was so busy guiding her horse that she gave a yelp of fright when she found herself confronted by four men, the like of whom she'd never seen before. They were tall and slender and wore skullcaps on their heads. Soji thought that under these she could discern white cropped hair, then decided that stress was making her fanciful. Their features were fine, and their eyes, uniformly gray and slightly slanted, were unblinkingly hostile. Their olive skins had an odd glow about them in the fading light, their stance was ominously still and quiet, and their bows, held in narrow long fingers, were drawn back taut, each arrow aimed at her.
Soji was too startled to do anything other than try to quiet a plunging, agitated horse. It was then that Jonqi surprised Soji by giving a plaintive, faint whimper and immediately there was movement among the men who faced her, one of them taking his hand from his bow as he walked forward. Nervously Soji looked down at him when he reached her side, and then she glanced back over her shoulder, acutely aware of pursuit. The steppeman put up his hands. He quickly untied the bundled child, his strong arms lifting her down. Long fingers gently pulled back the fur so the steppeman could look into the child's face, he gave a long, inward-hissing breath and then took a step back, the child clasped firmly to him.
Soji put out her hand, saying hesitantly, "Please, I am being chased. The child and I need help." The steppeman stared up at her, his eyes as emotionless as Luton's. Soji felt a stab of fear.
"You, boy, go! They are your people. Go to them!" He went to turn away, but Soji's words, though Churchik, made him pause because he understood them.
"I cannot," she whispered huskily, tears suddenly chasing themselves down her cheeks.
"Why not? We'll save the child, but not you."
"They will kill me."
"So? They kill everyone. What makes you any different? They're your kind."
"She is my child." Soji coughed. "I killed a warrior to get her to safety."
"She is safe with us." There was a long pause. "How can the child be yours? You're merely a boy."
"No I am not," murmured Soji, slipping exhausted from the saddle. She realised she'd made herself vulnerable to men she'd no way of understanding, and thought wearily that if they wished to rape then kill her, she simply didn't care. Anything would be preferable to the execution that awaited her. She shivered. "I am a girl," she added with an effort, standing next to her horse. Her legs threatened to give way. There was a silence that made her tremble. Finally, when her legs would no longer support her, Soji sank quietly to the trail and buried her head in her hands, only lifting her head when she heard Jonqi whimper again. Eyes that looked up at the steppeman were despairing and he clearly saw utter exhaustion and dread etched on the thin, white face. He stared down at her pensively. "Take her," mumbled Soji, with a helpless shrug, "but do not, I beg you, allow them to take her to Blach at the Keep. Promise me that!" She heard the sharp hiss of breath again. Her eyes briefly closed, until she heard the sound of approaching horses. "Ah the gods spare me," she gasped, her face like parchment. The steppemen gathered about her.
"What'll they do to you, boy?" asked a harsh voice above her. The steppeman closest to her, and holding Jonqi, watched Soji firmly grip her knife hilt.
"For killing a warrior?" Soji drew the knife. "They will tear me apart. That is how they execute those who are traitors." Soji struggled to her feet. Her face, the steppeman noticed, was set in grim lines of determination and he could see she was well able to use the knife. "Leave me!" she whispered fiercely, knife raised and ready. "Just take Jonqi to safety."
At that moment, Jonqi began to wail disconsolately. Soji felt her wrist grasped so the knife fell to the ground, then, when she leaned forward to pick it up, she was roughly jerked to her feet, before being flung face down on her horse. She lay still, aware the horse was led at some speed. She heard shouting and curses not far distant, but heard little else because a hand yanked back her head, pressed on her left temple and she lost consciousness.
~~~
The season following his visit to Chika seemed to pass more slowly than any other for Luton since he arrived at the Keep. Blach drove him relentlessly. His persecution and malice was never-ending. The master, who was mocking but disinterested for cycles, was now diabolical. Spiteful and barbed criticism made Luton grit his teeth as he tried to do better and go faster. Blach was pitiless. His demands were cruel and unreasonable. The punishments he meted out to his slave were wickedly vicious, even barbaric.
Drained and wan, Luton took them and simply crouched at his desk. At times, his body was wracked with shudders, until Blach judged his slave had endured enough and Luton was allowed to be insensible again. Blach's temper bouts increased in frequency and intensity, and, as Luton sat at his work, hunched, there was nothing his slave could do to defend himself, bait as he was for the sorcerer's rages. Watching his mutes writhe as he hurt them was one of Blach's favourite occupations and he also enjoyed seeing Luton sentient for the awareness of pain.
Luton became as wafer-thin as he was on the slave caravan, his face pinched and sallow. The whites of his eyes were an unhealthy yellow, he looked a shadow when he moved and his eyes were implacably obsidian and utterly lifeless. The gloss on his hair was gone. His locks hung lankly about him. Blach's lack of compassion or forbearance showed in the figure that seemed to fade by the day. Nor did he heal from some of his master's nastier attacks. Luton asked for nothing as he learned. What he studied he saw as his salvation and all that enabled him to survive the cruelty. He clung to life with stubborn tenacity. He didn't question his master's changed attitude, because he knew he was a slave who'd work at that master's bidding until he took his last breath.
What enraged Blach was the continued reports from the north. Certainly the warlord advanced across Ambros at a satisfactory rate and there was as yet no organised resistance, but Blach hadn't forgotten that Lokar died, nor that his henchmen hadn't reported back to the Keep, but instead went further west after a boy. Nor had the sorcerer forgotten how Myme Chlo disappeared from under Lodestok's nose. Blach needed and wanted her. It sent him into a fury when he thought of her escape. He wanted Myme Chlo and he was determined to have her, the thought of her making his brain seethe.
Also, the flood of slaves unaccountably dried up, which meant the sorcerer couldn't dispose of those he had with such ease. Nor were the riches of plunder as abundant, because whole states retreated and took all they could with them. So Blach was left to wonder who advised these people and shook with rage over his present impotence. Blach knew he couldn't yet leave the Keep and that fuelled his anger. His slaughter of the Mishtok cycles before seriously weakened him, even though he'd thought he had more resilience. His lack of it chafed him. He knew his strength returned, but it was too slow - because of this, he needed a reliable and able apprentice to act outside the Keep on his behalf. But Blach was no fool, and he was perfectly well aware Luton would struggle to be ready for what was going to be demanded of him.
Blach knew, too, that powers were aware of a sorcerer in the south and wondered whether Yarilo had yet come to the point of suspecting a mage may be resident there. He assumed not, because he'd managed to manipulate the movement of the aethyr above the Keep for a long time now. However, he accepted that attention was being paid to where he was. He cursed when he thought of the one short interval when his control briefly faltered, just after Luton returned from Chika, and a Watcher saw through very clearly indeed. Blach closed the split immediately, but it gave him continuing moments of unease that perhaps Yarilo did know where he was. He'd camouflaged himself well as Blach and the chain of events he'd set in motion couldn't be altered. He thought, somewhat amused, that it mattered less by the day that Lilium and Yarilo might know of his whereabouts. All he needed was time and he was sure he had it. In three cycles, Luton would be ready. He was determined about that.
Still, over this season, his limitations drove Blach to insane obsession with revenge - then he ranted and turned on Luton, the very instrument he needed. He refused to accept his apprentice could fail. If, however, Luton did disappoint his master for some inexplicable reason, then Blach would have Luton's child, Bene's greatchild, growing up at the Keep. Blach smiled at the thought that no one on Ambros would expect a child to mature under his tutelage and as his slave-apprentice at the Keep. His plans unfolded satisfactorily, but, to his mind, far too slowly. Still, he reflected mirthlessly, he'd ensured chaos would destroy Ambros and he rejoiced he'd set this world on a course of annihilation. He gave a mocking chuckle when he thought of that, but then frustration would wrack him again and fury grip him. Again, he'd turn on Luton.
A season later, Blach's malice and persecution of Luton suddenly lessened. The persistent criticism stopped and constructive comments took their place. Luton no longer struggled to rush his learning, the cruel punishments eased, Blach's temper tantrums subsided and Luton breathed more easily, but the damage to Luton was done. He continued to get steadily thinner and his cheeks were hollow. Nor did he have stamina. His gaunt frame, skeletal now, stooped when he walked and his body trembled with fatigue. He looked as if a puff of wind would knock him down. Deliberately inflicted injuries seeped and ulcerated, Luton too debilitated to be able to heal.
This morning Blach entered Luton's room. Luton didn't hear him. He was bent over his desk, hunched in the familiar way, his fingers tracing a symbol on a piece of parchment. When Blach's hand touched his shoulder Luton whirled round, on his feet in an instant, then, when he saw who it was, he sank instantly to his knees, his head on the mat.
"So nervous?" scoffed the voice in his head.
"It was unexpected."
"Rise, slave." Luton got to his feet. "You're extremely thin."
"Master."
"Physical frailty won't matter to you in the end, slave, but it could be critical for you at this point. When you become learned the body's irrelevant, but you won't die just yet because I have use for you."
"Master."
Blach stared across at the wraith that now stood, subserviently, with bent head and he pursed his lips thoughtfully at how emaciated Luton really was. Skin was drawn tight across the skeletal frame.
"I've driven you very hard," he said in a reflective tone. Luton stayed silent. "Look at me." Luton felt no dread when he lifted his head. Blach observed, with approval, that the eyes were submissive. He also belatedly remembered Luton was always unfailingly obedient. He frowned. "You'll spend some of each day exercising the stallions. They need exercise and fresh air, as much as you do." Luton blinked. This consideration was unexpected.
"Master," he murmured, before coughing. Blach's pensive stare didn't falter.
"You've not been outside for some time. Go now. Come back when you're ready. Your work will await you."
~~~
The next seasons were bearable for Luton. He roamed outside the Keep, for hours on end, astride one or other of the horses. Blach noticed the youth rode bareback, something not even his guards could do. Luton's rapport with the stallions was unusual and when he rode, he and the horse seemed as one. Luton could also teach the stallions in a way not seen before either. They tolerated the guards, but they worked willingly for Luton. Even though Luton rode for many miles in each direction, he never came to an end of the black rock or the barren landscape. He didn't care, because he knew an odd sense of freedom merely being on horseback outside the Keep.
He soaked up the warmth, his cough disappeared, he had more colour in his cheeks and he ceased to stoop, walking tall with more of a spring in his step. His eyes were clear. The scarring from Blach's nastier physical punishments slowly healed, where before they seeped and wept as festering sores. However, he stayed painfully thin, as transparent as he was after the fever. The relief from constant pain did as much for him as anything and he returned to his work refreshed and ready to learn. But the season of appalling abuse left its mark.
He was conscious of the huge black slave's scrutiny when the huge man brought him food, the man crouched with his back to the door. He watched Luton take platters that were placed on the table beside him, and, if the youth became engrossed in his work and forgot to eat, the black slave would give a suggestive flick of his whip. It recalled Luton to the necessity of eating, but it also evoked an irritated frown to which the slave was impervious. Pic remained impassively crouched until all the food was consumed. Luton's shattered confidence improved and the pace of his learning increased. Blach, watching him, was satisfied.
~~~
Another season came and went. Blach awaited Jonqi with anticipation. When she didn't appear, Blach sent a message to Kher that sent the haskar at speed to find news. What Kher heard from Loki badly shook him and he made haste back to the desert in the hope he'd find the little girl had arrived at the Keep in his absence. The message he sent to Blach left the mage in unspeakable fury.
Luton was out riding when he received a summons, of such ferocity, he pulled on the stallion's mouth suddenly and sharply. He was nearly thrown. He knew if he was he'd be trampled by a raging animal. Desperately, he both calmed his reeling mind and the horse, before he set off back to the Keep at speed. He ran from the stables up to his master's rooms - when peremptorily told to enter he did, panting with exertion.
One look at Blach's face was enough for Luton - he went to his knees with his head bent.
"Master." Blach's expression was malevolent.
"Your daughter hasn't come." Luton raised his head.
"She will."
"Tell me when, slave." Luton looked up at his master, his eyes wide.
"She must do so. It's your bidding and will."
"Mine certainly, but not it seems, her mother's." Luton saw the curling fingers.
"Master, she conceived -."
"No one disputes that, fool," mocked Blach, cutting Luton short. "As you said, a daughter was born and she belongs to me, as much as you do."
"Where is she then?"
"A good question, slave - can you answer it?" The cold voice was derisory and Luton flinched at the ridicule.
"No."
"Then don't waste my time asking questions that lack answers," came the contemptuous voice in his mind. "The mother escaped an escort taking her to her uncle's. It was there she was to meet Kher, to give the child to him. She made for the eastern mountains. Now, I wonder -?" The thought hung in Luton's mind. "What's the girl's name?"
"Soji."
"You'll do a seeking, slave. Now. Ready yourself."
Luton sat cross-legged, with his head in his hands. He projected an image of Soji and sought to the east, his mind sweeping in all possible directions, until he found the very faintest trace. He received no mental image of her at all. When he opened his eyes and stared up into the empty, baleful ones of his master, he stammered.
"Nothing, Master, nothing. Only a very old trace at the base of the mountains, but that was some time since. There is no suggestion of her going beyond that into the mountains themselves."
"With luck she died in the alps, or preferably the Churchik caught up with her and despatched her. Either way she's probably dead. But the child -." Blach's thin lips drew back in a snarl.
When Blach kicked him before he strode from the room, Luton remained where he was with his head bowed. Alone, he quietly rose and removed himself to his room where he sat, his mind struggling to come to terms with what Soji had done. He tried desperately to block out the screams that began to rise and fall in the tower above him, the awful, agonised sounds from mutes the mage made sensible and responsive.
Though Luton felt no specific emotions, the incessant shrill cries, that went on for hour after hour, set his teeth on edge. He tried to return to work but that distraction didn't help, so he finally ran for the stables, to curl up next to the horse he'd been riding. Here, the jarring babel was muffled, although Luton knew that, sooner or later, he'd be the recipient of his master's fury. Unaware that he trembled, he cuddled closer to the horse. It lipped him affectionately.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Bethel stared over at the cluster of small unsels, one of which he now occupied for the foreseeable future. He sighed, thinking back to how he felt when he realised three would live together at extremely close quarters, the unsel unbearably cramped at times.
"Are all these unsels ours?" he'd asked Jane, days before, as he stared over a sea of small unsels all set close together. Jane shook his head and pointed to a small unsel towards the outer circle. "Mine?"
"Ours, Beth," was Jane's expressionless reply.
"Ours?"
When Bethel first stooped to enter the unsel he cracked his head and winced. Jane had merely chuckled and commented, "You must remember to duck when you come and go."
Bethel recalled how Jane merely shrugged when he saw Bethel barely stand upright and immediately notice three mattresses, almost one on top of the other. He thought Jane had managed, under the circumstances, to make the unsel usable, if cramped.
"Gods, Jane," he'd commented, with a rueful smile mirrored by Jane's amused one.
~~~
Today, Jane grinned at the younger man, pulled him down onto the nearest mattress and hunted for tankards. Bethel sat cross-legged, his face deeply thoughtful as he waited for Jane to hand him a drink.
"Who belongs to what mattress today?" he asked, gratefully taking a swig and wiping his mouth appreciatively. Jane's grin faded.
"Whoever is on it, I suppose." He glanced at Bethel. "The other warriors make their slave boys sleep outside."
"No," said Bethel quickly. "Tell Mishak he must stop doing that. He lives as we do."
"That's what I thought, lad," said Jane quietly, sipping his brew and his eyes now resting on the figure opposite. "The boy's willing to be out there, but I told him you'd want him under shelter. I'll make sure he comes in."
"I am as much a slave as he is," murmured Bethel, almost to himself. Then he looked up. "Jane, where are my weapons?" Jane pointed to an orderly pile down beside the third mattress.
"All there, lad, as you'd wish. Where's your estibe?"
"The warlord has it. It must stay in his pavilion." Jane nodded comprehension.
"Will you sleep here, Beth?"
"My routine will not alter that much, Jane," answered Bethel tiredly. "If there is ever a break for rest during the day, I shall come here."
"I've watched them out there, Beth. You've trained on and off over the last cycles, haven't you?"
"Yes."
"It's gruelling, lad. You'll need all your wits about you."
"That is what I meant when I said I am glad you are here with me, Jane." Bethel's voice was very quiet and equally weary, Jane thought. "I have had a few sessions with Bensar so far, but the warlord told me this morning that I begin full warrior training from tomorrow. That will be an effort, Jane."
~~~
Bethel began his life as the least ranked among warriors. He saddled and mounted his warhorse and rode out to the field, where Bensar waited to mercilessly drill his men, the young troop already falling into a formation. Bethel waited quietly on the periphery, his horse fidgeting and sidling. Bensar looked over at him, frowned and snapped out a sharp order.
"Join the back line, warrior. Watch, follow and learn."
With dry mouth and stomach jumping uneasily, Bethel kneed the horse forward, fell into line and tried to follow the complicated manoeuvres as best he could. He wasn't completely inexperienced, so managed without too much difficulty. It was tension he fought. He and Brun had to learn military obedience for cavalry movements required for battle, so they had to come to grips with figures, in a group, the formations changing at bewildering speed, walks then trots, controlled canters, then short sharp gallops, the horse's extension and elevation of legs precise. Every move was methodical. If one horse's legs didn't follow the required patterns, the whole troop looked ragged and the offending rider felt a whip. Bethel learned that the object was to show that horse and rider were in effortless partnership, harmony, balanced, responsive, and, above all, disciplined.
One exercise followed another without a break and with precision. They were on horseback, then off, Bensar's drilling remorseless as he put them through exercises that extended the horses or sorely tested the men. Individuals were hauled out and each drilled in turn, wary eyes on the haskar's whip that cracked with monotonous regularity. Bethel had thought Lodestok was harsh - he now learned Bensar was no less so, nor were any other haskars he'd confront as a warrior.
When a brief halt for food was called, Bethel pulled up his horse and sat sweating, aware he trembled. A voice behind him made him tense again.
"Straighten in the saddle, warrior. A halt is no excuse to slouch. Copy the others. Be in the near mess in ten minutes."
Bethel arrived at the mess within eight minutes, not very sure that he wanted to eat. Other warriors jostled and shoved, nor was it all good-natured. Among the young warriors it was obvious there was exhaustion and general lethargy. Bethel was used to standing back in deference to the warlord, to anyone in fact, so he did here, letting other warriors in ahead of him. A hand on his shoulder made him sharply turn. He saw Haskar Esok beside him, then felt himself firmly propelled forward in the line. He glanced at Esok with a shy and grateful smile.
"I thank you, my lord," he mumbled.
"Get food, warrior, then join us at the far bench."
Esok left him and went back to his seat, his lazy gaze on Bethel as the youngster helped himself and turned, his hands full with plate and tankard, his taster unobtrusively trailing him. Bethel wove his way carefully through the crowd and stood quietly, with bent head, at the bench Esok indicated. He waited to be acknowledged.
"Join us, warrior," came the bass voice.
Bethel sat and applied himself to his food. He made no attempt to initiate conversation, considering the less conspicuous he was the better, not that he could fade with his dark head among so many blonds. The bench held a range of warriors, from those at the bottom like Bethel, to the elite haskars. Bethel was over-awed by being near any of them. Nor did he recognise many of the men he'd now live with and knew he should learn quickly who they all were and to whom, after the warlord, they owed allegiance. His survival could depend on his knowledge. Ignorance in this society of nuances and undercurrents was a sure recipe for death. Bethel felt vulnerable and uncertain. He finished his food in silence.
"You are the warlord's boy, are you not?"
Bethel lifted his head and turned to the warrior next to him. Silence fell on the bench and though Bethel didn't see it, Esok's eyes stayed riveted to the young face.
"Yes," Bethel answered. "I am."
"State your name and your age."
When Bethel looked directly into the face of the warrior addressing him, he could tell he spoke to one senior to himself. He immediately lowered his head in junior warrior submission.
"I answer to Bethel, my lord, and I am not quite seventeen cycles." The warrior nodded and resumed his eating.
"I answer to Acedar Almin. Are you with Haskar Bensar's troop for good, or are you just visiting?" This broke the tension a little and provoked a laugh. Bethel looked confused.
"I am not sure, my lord. My master did not tell me anything other than that I would train with the troop."
"So you are no different from the rest of the troop?" Almin looked curiously at Bethel, who was aware of rising tension again. He felt sweat moisten his upper lip and shook his head, his eyes alert.
"No, my lord."
There was a ripple along the bench of anticipation. Bethel caught it and tensed warily.
"Well, then," said Almin, in an amused tone. "We shall formally make him one of ours, shall we?"
There was a chorus of assent. Bethel was held by strong hands, until still others dragged him to the ground. He hadn't expected this so soon. Even though he was caught off guard, he fought as best he could, but there were too many warriors to drag him, struggling, from the mess. Esok shrugged as he watched the boy unwillingly hauled outside and given the traditional admission to a troop.
Bethel had dreaded this and now knew why. It left him feeling limp and sick and disinclined for further company, so he wandered over to a well and sat disconsolately on the edge. He felt lonelier than he had in cycles.
While he sat and stared pensively down into the depths, he felt a shadow fall across him and stared up rather wearily, his eyes and head aching. He saw Sarssen observing him, a lurking smile in the green eyes.
"Gods but you look a mess, boy," he said quietly. Bethel looked down at himself and his smile was a shaky one. Sarssen sat on the opposite side of the well. "Had the traditional welcome to the troop, have you, boy?" he asked conversationally. Bethel nodded. "Unpleasant, is it not?" Bethel's smile was wan.
"It happens only the once, does it not, my lord?" Sarssen laughed.
"Yes, boy, it does," he answered. He looked more closely at the youth. "Have you a headache, boy?" Bethel put an unsteady hand to his head before he replied.
"It was a rough night, my lord."
"You certainly drank a very great deal, boy," agreed Sarssen on a chuckle. Bethel shrugged indifferently.
"My aches are of no consequence, my lord."
"I am pleased to hear that, boy. And your cuts from the trials? Sometimes a young warrior does not come out unscathed."
"I have healed, my lord."
"That is good, boy," said Sarssen gently. "You handle yourself well, Beth." He saw the blush and the smile in his eyes deepened. "How do you cope with your pavilion gone?"
"We manage, my lord," sighed Bethel, waving his hand vaguely to his left. "I am now with the other warriors, but I do not know for how long."
"You will adjust," was the bracing and somewhat unsympathetic response.
"Yes, my lord," murmured Bethel tiredly.
"Are you already in full training in the haskar's troop?" Bethel nodded. "How did your morning go, then?"
"There is so much to learn," blurted out Bethel, brushing back stray curls that escaped the queue and plastered his cheeks.
"Yes, boy, there is. You will not avoid the whip until you learn to make every move an automatic and disciplined response. I had to learn that, just as you will." Sarssen watched the dark head bend in a resigned fashion and added quietly, "It is the Churchik way, boy. Surely you have learned that by now?"
"Yes, my lord," was the submissive reply. "I know this is what my life will be until I die."
"Try not to let this change in your life distress you too much, Bethel. It is a time of adjustment and the inevitable result of maturing. Good will come from it all, you must believe that."
"Do you, my lord?" came the subdued voice.
"Of course, boy. There can be no comparison between merely being the warlord's boy and being a tempkar, although I do know how you feel right now. You see blankness, boy, do you not?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Give yourself time, Beth. Before you were only a boy trying to prove himself worthy of being called warrior. Now you find yourself turned upside-down, a warrior certainly, but nothing else has stability around you. That will pass. Jane is still with you and I have not changed."
"In the warlord's eyes I have changed."
"True, boy, but that was to be expected to a degree. Give or take a few days and you will notice there is no real change at all. Any alteration is merely superficial. What does it matter where you live provided you are alive?" Sarssen thought for a moment. "Apart from degree of comfort, of course." Bethel looked up, caught the smile in the green eyes and smiled responsively. He rose, stretching.
"I think, my lord, that I am very tired."
"Of that, Bethel, I am sure." Sarssen glanced at the standing youth and said suggestively, "You intend to tidy yourself before the haskar sights you, boy, do you not? As you are now, you would earn thorough discipline." Bethel nodded quickly, but hesitated.
"My lord," he began nervously, watching the tempkar get to his feet, his face as inscrutable as ever. Sarssen nodded. "Were you ever just an ordinary warrior like me?"
"Oh yes, Beth, I came through from the bottom."
Bethel sighed again and turned to leave, then he swung back.
"You said you wanted to see me, my lord." Sarssen came over to Bethel and rested a hand on the young shoulder.
"Yes, boy, that is so. I wish to see you as soon as your training finishes this evening. Your master has a meeting then, with Haskar Bensar, so you will come to me. Meanwhile, boy, you badly need a drink."
Sarssen pushed the boy in front of him and into the mess again. Heads came up, then promptly went down. When they'd been given tankards, Sarssen shoved Bethel back to the table he'd occupied before but the boy didn't sit - he just stood, hesitating, until Sarssen spoke curtly.
"Move along, Acedar!"
Bethel wondered how Sarssen knew he'd sat here before, but noticed the tempkar wasn't bothering to enlighten him. Almin's head came up. He looked as if he'd say something until he realised who spoke to him, then mumbling an apology he moved smartly.
"Sit, boy!" commanded Sarssen abruptly, his strong hand back on the young shoulder. Under the pressure, Bethel sat hurriedly next to Almin, the dark head well down. Sarssen strode round the other side and nodded pleasantly and respectfully to Esok and the other haskars before he sat directly opposite Almin.
"Acedar," he said easily. The flaxen head was lifted and pale blue eyes met incurious and bland green ones.
"My lord?"
"You have met Bethel, have you?"
"You could say that, my lord, yes."
"That is good. I can, then, rely upon you to show the boy the correct way of doing things, can I not?"
"Yes, my lord, if that is your command."
"No, Acedar," said Sarssen. "It is my wish that you do so." The tempkar was coldly courteous. "It would relieve my mind, as it is not possible for me to be everywhere to show the boy what to do and how to do it. You can. The warlord would expect it of me and of others."
He saw the look of chagrin on Almin's face and was also well aware of grins that crept across faces the length of the table at the acedar's discomfiture. He saw, too, Bethel's head come up with an appreciative grin. The boy's head dropped when he received a very hard kick on his shin. Sarssen was amused to see that the acedar's head was as lowered as Bethel's and that Almin chewed his lower lip somewhat savagely.
"I shall do as you ask, my lord," Almin uttered, through clenched teeth.
"I thank you," was the polite response. Sarssen relaxed. "Drink up, boy," he admonished Bethel coolly. "You should hurry and change, or you will deserve all you get."
At that Bethel quickly downed the badran, rose, bowed to the senior warriors and clambering over the bench made good his escape.
~~~
If anything, the afternoon was worse than before. Bethel struggled to learn. Compared with the state some of the other warriors were in after a night of heavy drinking, Bethel looked unscathed. He coped easily with the physical fitness side of the exercises, but the group manoeuvres caught him out. Twice Bensar ignored an error. The third time, his whip came down very hard across Bethel's cut shoulder and his deep voice snarled at the youngster to get into line and get it right. With clenched teeth, Bethel obeyed.
When the order to disassemble came, in the early evening, sweat dripped from Bethel and he shook so badly he could've been fevered. He looked to his horse as fast as he could, always standing back to let others go before him, because he never made any effort to assert himself in any way. By the time he led his horse to the communal corral, he was so tired he stumbled and was beyond being hungry.
At the corral, Bethel leaned over the fence to gently slap his horse's rump before he turned to go. He came face to face with Almin. The acedar's expression was ugly.
"What made the tempkar ask me to teach you, warlord's boy?" Bethel stood still and breathed very deeply.
"I do not know, my lord," he answered quietly, head bent.
"I do not derive pleasure from aiding a slave, boy." Bethel stayed silent. "You know your place, do you?"
"Yes, my lord, clearly."
Bethel was brusquely thrust against the corral fence where he stayed, his eyes not meeting the acedar's. He was very soundly cuffed, before Almin stood back with a curling lip.
"Remember your place," he said contemptuously as he strode away. Bethel straightened and gave the fence a vicious kick to relieve his feelings.
~~~
He entered Sarssen's pavilion quietly and stood just inside the entrance, to see Sarssen lounge in a chair. The warrior looked up at the boy's entrance.
"Who touched you, boy?" he asked at last, an eyebrow raised. "Almin?"
"Yes, my lord. He felt I had to learn my place as warrior and slave." Sarssen's lips folded tightly as he observed the tired figure come forward.
"I see. How did the afternoon go?"
"Hellish, my lord." Bethel crossed to where Sarssen sat and, looking down, saw the tempkar smile gently up at him.
"Sit yourself, Beth," he invited. "It will get a lot worse yet, you know, boy, believe me. We have not yet broken camp, nor are we at all night and day sessions. Wait until you are so tired you can scarcely sit in the saddle. That is exhaustion, boy." Thankfully, Bethel sank into a chair and stretched out his very long limbs comfortably.
"I feel that way now, my lord," he murmured.
He watched while Sarssen crossed to a table to pick up two full goblets and took the one held down to him. When Bethel took it, Sarssen placed his hand on Bethel's forehead.
"Bethel." Bethel looked up and their eyes briefly met.
"Remember everything," Sarssen said gently. He turned on the words, went back to his chair and looked over at Bethel who sat stunned. His eyes were briefly blank. Fear even etched his face. "Drink your wine, boy," advised Sarssen. Automatically, Bethel obeyed. He raised the goblet to his mouth, then paused, a sudden smile touching his lips.
"My lord," he murmured, "are you an Adept?" Sarssen's lips twisted a little.
"Yes, boy, I am."
"And is it you who has spoken in my mind over all the cycles?"
"Yes."
"Who are you?" whispered Bethel, taking a large gulp of the wine. He took another for good measure.
"I am a half-breed, boy, Yazd and Churchik."
"Yazd?" breathed Bethel, staring at Sarssen in disbelief. "How did you ever survive, my lord?"
"Morjah - or as he really was, Adept Morsh - saved me. He saw talent and taught me. Upon his death I became Adept." Bethel swallowed hard and looked down, his cheeks reddening. "Boy," said Sarssen, very gently, "we will get nowhere if you keep remembering how and why Morsh died. I knew long ago it was not your fault and wish angry words flung at you were unsaid. It was a risk Morsh felt he had to take." Bethel's head stayed down.
"I did not know it was an Adept I betrayed. Can you ever forgive what I did, my lord?"
"It is not a question of betrayal or forgiveness, Bethel. If it was, yes, we both forgive you."
"Both?" asked Bethel, his head lifting in surprise.
"Morsh mindspoke me before he died. He knew he was betrayed, by whom and what awaited him." Sarssen heard the gasp and saw anguished eyes before Bethel's head went down again. "He was gone long before they butchered him, Beth. I did that for him. He was a father to me." There was a long silence, while Bethel struggled with threatening tears.
"I cared deeply for him too," he managed in a small voice. "Not as you must have done, but he was kind to me and so gentle a man - more like where I come from, my lord."
"Yes, boy, I know. He cared for you too. He felt you had great promise. He was a rarely talented Yazd."
"Ah," uttered Bethel, his head coming up. "Are they always Yazd other than you?" He missed Sarssen's slight rueful smile.
"They usually are, yes," he responded calmly. He drank deeply.
"Was Lokar?" Bethel saw a curious expression on the warrior's face.
"Yes, Lokar was Yazd by birth, but not in many other ways. You reacted very strongly to him once, boy, when you were a child. Why was that?" Bethel fidgeted with his goblet and hesitated. He got an encouraging nod.
"I sensed, my lord, that he could harm me. It was nothing he did or said. I just felt it. He frightened me."
"With good reason, boy," was the quiet response. "I wondered at your reaction at the time, because it was instant and instinctive."
"I feel Jaden would hurt me if he could. I am sure he betrayed me over Sasqua and may have watched me with Morjar." Bethel glanced at Sarssen. "Is he Yazd?" He saw the warrior's expression harden.
"Yes, he is."
"Is he an Adept, my lord?
"No, boy, he is what we call a Post-Level Three."
"Is that very high, my lord?" Sarssen looked down into the wine he was swirling around, a grimness to his face.
"High enough to cause you considerable trouble if you are not very careful, Bethel."
"I have tried not to arouse any suspicions, my lord."
"I know you have, boy," said Sarssen, looking over at Bethel in some amusement.
"I know, that apart from what Morsh taught me, I know very little," Bethel confessed, "but my sister taught me mind controls when we were little. I tried to use those when the warlord took me from the slave pen and so -." He broke off, his colour very heightened.
"It made those early days bearable, did it not?" asked Sarssen, his mellow voice kind and his eyes dwelling on the flushed face. "You taught yourself to block out much of the physical pain to survive. Yes?" Shyly, Bethel glanced at the warrior and nodded. "It worked too. You kept working at those skills until you could slip in and out of awareness. Am I right?" Again the dark head nodded. Sarssen said even more softly, "I used to wonder how it was you survived. Then I began to see why. You merged what your sister taught you with what you learned from Morsh, and you have hidden all this from Jaden, have you not?"
"Yes, my lord."
"That took some doing, Beth, for someone essentially untutored. I have worked with you for cycles, unbeknown to you for your safety, but seldom touched your mind. How did you do that? Can you show me?" Sarssen sensed naked fear and said very gently, "I will not hurt you, Beth, nor would I willingly betray what I suspect you are." He saw the boy lick his lips as he did when distressed. "Look at me, boy."
Ever obedient, Bethel looked up. Sarssen held the panic-stricken and wide-eyed gaze, his own eyes getting darker. Bethel felt himself lost as the warrior's eyes absorbed him and he knew he tried to withdraw when he sensed a very real presence in his mind. A quiet, cool voice in his head told him to relax and fear nothing, even suggesting he lounge back in the chair and let his mind drift at ease. Somehow the suggestion was easy to follow. Bethel sprawled, his eyes closing as if he were asleep.
He felt the presence touch his memory, here and there, curious but very gentle, and his apprehension of being hurt again disappeared. No memories too painful to be recalled were reactivated, though the presence lingered sometimes in a way that made Bethel want to weep. It touched Jaden's interference in his mind four cycles before and it swept past all Morsh taught him. What brought the presence to a startled halt was the catlin and Bethel's reaction to it. Sarssen now knew exactly what the creature was. Bethel moaned. The presence moved quietly on. It withdrew. Sarssen slowly let out his breath, his eyes still fixed on the now tranquil face.
"Boy," he said softly. "Boy!"
Bethel sighed, then took a deep breath, opened his eyes and gulped down the rest of his wine. He saw Sarssen pensively survey him.
"You have a powerful talent, boy. Did you know that?" Sarssen asked placidly. Bethel stared at him and said nothing. "Can you teleth, Bethel?" Bethel looked quite blank.
"What is that, my lord?"
"How did you call a catlin, little man? They rarely come to a call. They usually just appear at will." Bethel shook his head.
"I did not, my lord," he protested. "It was suddenly there behind me."
Sarssen looked down at the ground at Bethel's booted feet.
"Like now?" he asked conversationally. Bethel leaned forward and then flinched back at eyes that curiously surveyed him.
"My lord," he muttered helplessly. "This frightens me."
"You must teleth, Bethel. It is the ability to call from one plane to another." Sarssen saw Bethel's look of disbelief. "Oh, yes, boy," he mocked gently. "It is not so dissimilar from what you have taught yourself to do, is it? You can slip from one state to another, while at the same time you leave a complete sense of what you want believed behind you, can you not?" Bethel looked uncomfortable. "You can also be partially here, yet let some of your awareness slip too. I am not sure how you have come to all this, boy, but it is very clever." Bethel licked his lips again. "That is how you elude Jaden, is it not?"
"Yes, my lord." Bethel scuffed the ground with a boot.
"That is a very dangerous game, little man. I think that is played out." Bethel's look at Sarssen was a wary and apprehensive one.
"It was the only way to stop Jaden using me," he mumbled, sipping from his goblet.
"Not true, boy," was the rejoinder. "Morsh taught you what to do and he thought you would do it."
"But what I had been doing worked, my lord. I saw no reason to change. It made me feel safe." Bethel heard the sharp indrawn breath from Sarssen and he stared into the nearly empty goblet. He bit nervously on his lower lip.
"We shall work on a safer alternative, boy, until you reach understanding of exactly what you have done," suggested the tempkar quietly.
"I will do what you say, my lord," Bethel said tiredly. "Will it not make Jaden suspicious if I change my mind patterns?"
"No, Beth, not at all. We will not change your patterns in any obvious way. And that is the last thing Jaden will look for, boy. What would arouse deep suspicion, though, is if he saw you with a catlin." Sarssen grinned broadly and stared down at the creature that fastidiously cleaned its face with a grey paw. "As soon as you subconsciously think of that catlin, it appears. You must teleth him."
"Where is he from, my lord?" Bethel leaned forward to peer at the creature that calmly ignored him.
"That I cannot answer, boy. My belief is that they move from plane to plane, but settle in none. They are somehow connected with others not on Ambros."
"Are you telling me that people exist beyond Ambros, my lord?" Sarssen saw incredulity in the big eyes. He decided Bethel was too weary to cope with anything other than his new routine.
"So myths tell us, boy," he responded offhandedly. "You can believe what you like, but it affords amusement, does it not?" Bethel continued to look at the catlin and his face was thoughtful.
"Will it go away?" he asked in a confused way. "I saw it once before and it spoke in my mind." He watched as the creature turned its head to Sarssen and knew it mindspoke the warrior, because he saw a responsive flicker in the warrior's eyes.
"Adept," sent the catlin, with a touch of asperity. "I answer to Ot. Why does the boy not respond in an acceptable way?" Sarssen saw astonishment on Bethel's face.
"Gently," he remonstrated. "The boy is unaware of his talent and it is necessary he still remains blocked for a time. He lives a fragile and frightening existence."
"We know that. We grieve for his suffering. I just wish to communicate with him. I'll return when he's more receptive to one who's become part of him. His lack of understanding baffles me, yet I must accept it."
"Give him time, catlin."
"Teach him, Adept. I'll always be close to him, especially if he needs me." Sarssen sensed the catlin was gone from him and knew from Bethel's face that it spoke to the boy. "You must learn. I'll come again when you're readier to commune with me."
The catlin vanished as silently as it came. Sarssen held out his goblet.
"Pour more wine, boy," he prompted.
Bethel quickly rose, walked across to the table and filled the goblets. He handed one to Sarssen and sat again, pensively regarding his feet. The long silence wasn't strained. Both boy and man were thinking and Bethel was limp with exhaustion. The days had finally caught up with him and all he wanted to do was sleep - he knew he wouldn't be permitted that luxury for some hours yet and gave an infinitesimal sigh.
Finally, Bethel looked across at Sarssen and asked, "Why did Morsh mindspeak you before he died?" Sarssen heard the quiver in the velvety voice but ignored it.
"He asked me to finish what he had begun, boy."
"Is that with me, my lord?"
"Yes."
"Are you going to, my lord?" Bethel sat upright and some of his wine spilled. He scrubbed at his breeches half-heartedly.
"Watch what you are doing," recommended Sarssen non-commitally.
"I promise to learn," Bethel said persuasively. Sarssen didn't bother to tell the youth that already he'd learned so much he could be a danger to himself and others. He merely shrugged.
"Have you any idea how dangerous that could be, boy?" he asked impassively, watching the young face.
"With my master and Jaden, my lord?"
Sarssen nodded. Bethel suddenly remembered what the warlord had done to him over six cycles. He saw, again, most clearly, how he was punished over Sasqua a cycle before, probably because of Jaden's actions. Then he thought of how Jaden most likely betrayed both Morsh and himself to Lodestok. He saw the execution arenas so distinctly he felt choked. A trembling fit shook him so violently his wine splashed from the goblet, Bethel unable to steady his hands. Sarssen was immediately at his side. He removed the goblet, his voice in Bethel's head reassuring. He heard the warrior speak placidly and took a deep breath.
"It has been a hard few days for you, Beth, has it not?" Bethel nodded. "We shall discuss much later, though you can be assured you have learned a great deal over the last six cycles, boy. I merely lock things away, until you are ready to remember them. Look at me, boy."
Bethel made the effort. Again he felt himself absorbed into green depths that seemed to darken the further under their influence he was drawn. He then felt at ease, the day's tensions drained from him. He even ached less. He peered at the goblet Sarssen held out to him and blinked.
"I think, my lord, I must have dozed."
"Yes, boy, you did. You are very tired." Sarssen strode back to his chair and sank into it. "Have your wine, boy. It may help a little."
Bethel was unaware of the warrior's steady regard. Sarssen looked with intense concentration at the beautiful face, the enormous eyes half-closed and the sensual mouth relaxed. There was a sensitivity and gentleness about this youth no amount of harsh discipline or physical cruelty could touch; Sarssen thought it shone from within. Bethel was overly slender and looked so youthful beside Churchik youths the same age, it made the warrior smile a little. He left Bethel to doze, aware how tired the boy really was. He wasn't yet seventeen cycles and Sarssen remembered he was eighteen cycles at warriorhood and considerably maturer.
Sarssen knew from Morsh that Bethel had talent, but he needed to see for himself, so he could decide how best to handle this young and most unusual Samar. He and Morsh discussed Bethel's talent at length after the boy was poisoned, but what Sarssen now realised, having fully entered Bethel's mind for the first time, was how very little Morsh had really told him about this young one. He thought Morsh was so reticent because he was deeply afraid for Bethel - Sarssen could now understand why. The boy was delicately poised. Not only was he talented. He was uniquely gifted, his musical gift wrapped in a deeply emotional and acutely sensitive essence, as was the very profound talent that made him especially vulnerable but also richly and rarely endowed. One was bound inextricably with the other.
The warrior now knew Bethel had, in some inexplicable way, sublimated most of the essential being that made him an individual under a slave persona, so deeply embedded in Bethel's psyche, conscious repair of it would be almost impossible. It would need an expert practitioner to release it and allow Bethel to fully function as a whole person again. Sarssen had suspected Bethel's subjugation was abnormal. Now he understood it. It profoundly saddened and concerned him. He'd no idea anyone could do such a powerful, instinctive thing to survive and Sarssen marvelled that Bethel hadn't lost his sanity cycles ago. They were going to have to be very careful how they handled this boy, very careful indeed. His fragility was very real. The potential for Bethel to be irrevocably lost was frightening and Sarssen needed to speak to the Mishtok since he now, having been fully in Bethel's mind for the first time, understood so much more of the intricate workings that made this young man unique.
Sarssen also saw other things new to him. He saw Bethel as a child with his siblings so very close in age, a sister who looked like him and to whom he was close, twin brothers who teased but also protected him, but mostly the warrior saw a boy with an adored older brother who he looked to as his father, their bond one of profound and unusual depth. Sarssen also saw a very beautiful woman he knew was Bethel's mother.
Thoughtfully, Sarssen deliberately drew a blank over his immediately accessible mind, because he was vulnerable to an incursion into his mind in much the same way that Bethel was. The warrior frowned slightly, aware that however difficult things had been up to this point of Bethel's development, times ahead would be no less fraught. Though he knew he could handle Jaden, Sarssen didn't want the slightest hint to touch the healer of either his or Bethel's abilities. He sighed. Bethel looked up with a query in his eyes.
"My lord?"
"Nothing, boy, nothing. I, too, seem to be unaccountably weary. It must be the time of cycle, do you think?"
"When will the warlord give the command to move again, my lord?" Sarssen gave an eloquent shrug.
"He will give the new warriors time to settle, boy, probably three weeks or so, then he will order the march north. How are you finding the haskar?" Bethel's eyes widened.
"He is fierce, my lord," he said, drawing a deep breath.
"Has he whipped you yet?" With a grin, Sarssen crossed his legs and stretched out with a yawn. A tell-tale blush touched Bethel's cheeks. "Ah, I see. What did you do wrong?"
"An incorrect move in the seventh formation, my lord. I turned Brun left and did not get the trot right."
"I received many lashes from the haskar," reminisced Sarssen. He rubbed his eye reflectively. "I could never remember to turn right on the fifth manoeuvre. In the end, I did." Bethel upended his goblet, a smile breaking the tired look on his face.
"I shall try to do better, my lord," he promised.
"Good boy," approved Sarssen, with another yawn. Then he chuckled. "You probably will do better than me, boy. You have excellent concentration. Off you go now, your master will await you." He saw the resigned look and understood it only too well.
"At least, my lord," murmured Bethel getting to his feet reluctantly, "that part of my day is familiar." Sarssen laughed.
"That is one way of looking at it, boy, I suppose," he agreed, raising his goblet to Bethel. "You will cope."
"Yes, my lord."
Sarssen watched the tall slight figure near the pavilion entrance and called out quietly, "You are doing very well, Beth."
"I thank you, my lord," came back to him, as the youth disappeared.
Sarssen remained unmoving for a long time, a deep frown furrowing his brow. Then he rose energetically and left the pavilion - he felt he had a lot to think about and he did it better moving around.
~~~
The next weeks tried Bethel to the limit. He struggled against exhaustion, confusion, anxiety and a high level of tension, scarcely daring to relax lest he make an error and be chastised for it. As he'd done long ago, he watched and copied others. He never repeated a mistake. He found the chafing of the others, because he was the warlord's boy, almost unbearable, withdrawing into himself and sitting at eating breaks with his shoulders defensively hunched.
Almin took him in hand. Nor was he gentle or kindly to Bethel. The youth learned every lesson the hard way. He took the acedar's well aimed cuffs, because he saw other juniors endure the same and although Almin may have been churlish and ungracious, he helped Bethel through a time that was difficult. Bethel was grateful and humbled. When he thanked Almin one morning, he saw he caught the warrior off-guard. Almin stared across at Bethel warily.
"Why do you thank me, slave boy?"
Bethel lifted his head cautiously because he wasn't sure if a cuff was coming with the words, then when he saw Almin merely stare at him, he said diffidently, "You have helped me so much, my lord."
Almin grunted and the cuff he gave Bethel was nowhere near as hard as usual.
"You learn, warrior, you learn," he said as he walked away. It was the first time Almin had called Bethel `warrior` - Bethel didn't miss that.
Bethel developed a new routine during the day that he felt comfortable with, sometimes reeling into his unsel, stumbling with tiredness. Then he gratefully let Jane boss him until he went into a short but deep slumber, reluctantly opening eyes when gently shaken awake and told he had to be back with the troop. He sighed and obeyed. It continued to be his life.
Nothing much happened over those first weeks because the warlord seemed content to stay where they were. He'd often go out to the fields and meadows so he could watch his men at drill. It wasn't unknown for him to give the order for the punishment of a man he felt was slack, or else he'd order a beating for any who were not tidily presented. He supervised any punishment himself.
~~~
It was late on this day that the order came to halt. When the men in Bensar's troop dismounted there was, as usual, pushing and shoving, with the lesser warriors ceding right of way to their seniors. Bethel was generally pushed more than most and subserviently took it, with bowed head, invariably the last at everything day after day.
This time, though, Bethel stood tall and shoved back. Heads turned in his direction, but, unusually, nobody did or said anything. Almin looked at the boy's set face, turned away with a slight grin and watched Bethel out of the corner of his eye. Quite deliberately, Bethel shoved himself in front of another warrior so he could water his horse first. The other warrior eyed Bethel and they stood, shoulder to shoulder, neither figure moving, but, unusually for him, Bethel held the eye contact, his own huge and uncompromising. The other warrior fell back with a shrug and Bethel walked on.
He was quite unaware what he'd done. He'd acted on the spur of the moment, irked by being constantly elbowed, thumped and knocked. By nature, he was timid and pacific. Time with Lodestok had made him habitually submissive and subservient, so for him to domineer over another was quite alien to him. Almin wasn't the only one to witness this little episode either. Both Esok and Bensar noted it. Neither haskar said a word. It was the first time in six cycles Bethel had moved from his abject slavishness.
When Bethel joined the other warriors to eat, he patiently waited in line to be served and then sat waiting for the small slave boy to taste his food. Once he dismissed the boy, he began to eat voraciously, conscious he was always hungry these days and uncaring of what he ate provided it was filling. His plate empty, he pushed it in front of him and leaned back replete, his tankard up to his mouth.
The conversation about him was fitful and he listened dreamily, catching snatches of comments about when they were to break camp. He suspected it wouldn't be long because he'd been a warrior nearly four weeks and Sarssen thought they'd be well away by now. He bent his head so he couldn't be accused of not knowing his place and stayed inconspicuous and silent.
Then the resting warriors became bored and began to tease him, trying to get a rise out of him. It was apparent the chafing about his status with the warlord was the favourite topic. Bethel hated it. He went into his defensive hunch and wouldn't respond. The ragging went on endlessly until Bethel, his nerves taut, wanted to scream at them that he'd no choice about where he was or what he did - a slave did or he died. He longed to say that all he wanted was to go home and to be free. He barely heard the angry young voice behind him.
"Leave him alone! Does he not have enough to bear without you lot making his life a misery?" Bethel still didn't move, even when a hand touched his shoulder. "How many of you would be willing to take his place, that is what I wish to know?" There was tense silence. "Well?" the voice demanded. Bethel looked up into Manas' angry face and slightly shook his head. Manas ignored him, sweeping the assembled warriors with a look of scarcely restrained contempt. "None of you," he said, in a suddenly softer voice. "So leave Beth alone."
"Supportive of you, warrior," said a deep, amused voice. Bethel flinched, even as he and the gathered warriors rose instinctively. Defiantly, Manas stayed where he was, though his head was respectfully lowered as Lodestok strode down between the benches until he reached Bethel. He stood directly in front of Manas.
"What arouses your ire, warrior?" he asked very gently. Manas felt Bethel tense under his hand and had to think very quickly.
"They were ragging him, my lord." The shoulder under his hand became more rigid.
"I see," said the quiet voice. "And is that forbidden, warrior?"
"No, my lord."
"Quite so. So I ask again, warrior, what arouses your ire?"
"He cannot help his looks, my lord." Manas felt Bethel's tension ease. Lodestok looked contemptuous.
"His looks are exclusively my concern, warrior. Does anyone wish to discuss them with me?" There was deathly silence. "Leave us, warrior." The voice was like ice and Manas moved quickly. "Do you need a champion, boy?" Bethel raised his head, his tired eyes lighting.
"I fight my own battles, my lord."
"I am relieved to hear you say so, boy," murmured the cold voice. The warlord's frosty look swept the company. "As you were."
Unsure what to do, Bethel remained standing when the others sat. Lodestok ignored him, passed on to join Bensar who sat some distance from him, and sat with his back to his slave. Bethel licked his lips and sat shakily, wanting more to drink but not wanting to draw attention to himself by getting it.
A young warrior, a little older than Bethel and who sat opposite, gave a definite shiver and spoke to him in a whisper.
"You are welcome to him, warrior."
Bethel looked up with a shy smile and found that Luth grinned back at him. It was the beginning of a very deep friendship. From that day, fewer comments were made and Bethel found he was seldom called slave, answering automatically to the title of warrior as if he'd never been anything else. Life became no easier but it was bearable.
~~~
The order to break camp came two days later. Just after dawn, the troop lined up in silence while Bensar rode up and down the ranks, a frown creasing his face. His orders were, as usual, curt and terse. All but the newest warriors were crisply dismissed until after midsun. Hard-mouthed, he eyed those remaining.
As Bethel listened, he was taken by surprise and not a welcome one either. He was assigned a unit of thirty mercenary infantry that was to be his sole responsibility - it was his duty to organise, provision, marshal, control and discipline them. In time he'd be expected to train them as well.
His heart misgave him. He sat his horse, motionless, but his insides squirmed. The men he'd been given were tough and infinitely more brutish and violent than many other foot soldiers, Bethel acutely aware he'd received no training in the handling of men. To control men with whips or execution was something that Bethel simply hadn't thought about - now he had to face it and his guts churned again. He had to succeed. He had no choices. He wondered why he'd been singled out to be given such tough, ruthless men. He forced himself to pay attention.
"You will have your men ready to move out by midsun in two days. You will discipline your men yourselves. There is no place in this troop for warriors who have no control, so do not spare the whip, warriors. Insolence will not be tolerated. You will personally execute any man who steps out of line. Do you understand?" Heads nodded and Bethel felt queasy. "You will join other troops for inspection at sunset. Do not fail. You are all aware, are you not, what failure for the warlord means?" Again the heads bowed in acknowledgment. Bethel began to sweat.
He ducked into his unsel, his face drawn. Jane immediately encouraged him to sit and held out a tankard he'd just filled for himself. Mishak disappeared so the unsel wasn't overcrowded. Jane noticed the tremor in Bethel's hands.
"What troubles you?"
"We move out midsun in two days, Jane."
"Aye, I'd heard that."
"I have been given a unit of mercenaries." Jane raised his eyebrows in surprise.
"So soon?" Bethel nodded, before drinking deeply.
"That will be a challenge, will it not?" he muttered. "Gods, Jane," he went on in a rush, "how can I flog or kill anyone? I cannot do this." Jane reached out and touched Bethel's arm reassuringly.
"It may not be necessary, Beth."
"Do not count on it," mumbled Bethel, falling back on his pallet and closing his eyes.
~~~
Bethel's first encounter with the men was a highly unnerving one. For the first time in his life, he was thankful for height that made him tower over other men. Contemplatively he stood looking down at them, as they stared up at him, the men trying to assess him and uncertain what he was, because he looked so very boyish and beardless. They knew he was very young, barely seventeen cycles. His quietness gave them pause. It was unlike the Churchik.
Bethel continued to study them, one man after another, waiting to see whose nerve broke first, his or theirs. He realised how tough and vicious many of them were and conscious, too, that some of these very men had probably savaged his own people, maybe even his own family. Firmly putting emotions to one side, he stepped forward.
"Who amongst you is in some sort of charge?" A tall, lanky man raised his hand.
"I am," he said in an unfriendly voice. Bethel stared down at him, unconsciously imitating his master.
"I have a title. Use it," he said, still very quietly.
"I am - warrior," repeated the man, his eyes alert and unsmiling.
"Get your men to stand easy." The lanky man gestured at the group who casually began to talk among themselves as though Bethel wasn't there. He closed his lips tightly. "Get them under control." His voice was still quiet, but there was an edge to it. The lanky man glanced at him.
"Pay attention," he called out, with no particular emphasis. When the men responded in an off-hand manner, Bethel clearly saw contempt for him in their eyes. He moved closer, his expression stern.
"I wish to speak with you about the move. Also there are things you must know on general matters. You." Bethel indicated the lanky man. "Fall into line."
"I don't take orders from the warlord's fancy boy," came the reply, without rancour. It was a statement and it made Bethel's eyes narrow dangerously.
"Do not make me do something I have no wish to do," he said, still gentle-voiced.
"I can take a whip, boy," said the man emphasising the word `boy` with a gesture of scorn. There was a murmur of approving laughter from the men. Bethel made no attempt to lift his whip. He just stayed where he was, his eyes locked to the other man's.
"So can I," he agreed. "And I have taken it many more times than you have over the cycles. You should believe that. You see, I have an advantage over you." Bethel saw a flicker of disquiet in the hazel eyes, but the man still stood his ground. "As the warlord's slave and fancy boy, as you so aptly put it, I have both witnessed and endured some of his more subtle ways of exacting obedience and compliance. Even when I am absolutely obedient I still experience what you would find hard to bear. I would not wish to inflict what I endure on any man - unless, of course, you wish me to."
The man moistened his lips, his eyes still held by Bethel's hugely mesmerising ones. He read there that Bethel spoke nothing but the truth; he even saw, in those eyes, some of Bethel's pain and suffering. He stood irresolute for a moment, then smartly fell back into line. The other men straightened instinctively.
Bethel let his breath out very slowly, aware of sticky palms - it'd been a bluff, but he seemed to have won this initial encounter. He didn't fool himself by thinking all would now be easy. Again he looked the men over, as much to keep them under control as to stop his limbs from trembling. After a few moments, he spoke in his quiet and gentle way.
"What is your name?" he asked the lanky man.
"Kel -." The man paused. "Kel, warrior." Bethel smiled at him and Kel gave a reluctant return grin.
"I would speak to you after I have spoken to the men. I am unable to be with you at night, but there is someone who will be. Can I leave you with overall responsibility?"
"Aye, young warrior, you can."
Bethel nodded and turned back to the men, gave his orders quickly and fluently, then, when he fell silent the men fidgeted until he added, "Dismissed." His talk with Kel was longer. Then he nodded at the man.
He turned sharply and sought out his unsel. He ducked at the entrance, sank to a mattress and curled himself up to cope with waves of nausea and pain, one worse than the next. His stomach felt so tight he felt he'd snap. He couldn't remember being so miserably ill for a long time. He moaned. He felt Jane's hand on his shoulder, but didn't respond.
"Beth," came Jane's concerned voice. "Beth."
Bethel got precipitately to his feet, blundered outside beyond the unsel and retched. He crouched, then convulsed and heaved again, before he swallowed twice and slowly drew himself erect, unaware of Mishak crouched not far away. Jane approached, waited and observed the tall youth thoughtfully. Then he turned and went back to the unsel, holding the flap back for Bethel to pass under. Bethel sank to the nearest mattress and lay still.
"Too much strain, young one," scolded Jane, pulling cushions more comfortably about the dark head. "You must learn to relax, Beth. No one can keep up the way you do. It's not normal, lad. Ease up a little."
"How can I rest?" demanded Bethel, closing his eyes. "It is not possible for me to rest with my master." Bethel paused and opened his eyes wide at Jane. "I regret it if I do," he added simply. "Haskar Bensar whips us hard if we lose concentration." Bethel gave a deep sigh. "There is no respite for me, Jane, except when I am allowed my music. At least Gariok beats me less these days." Jane knelt and yanked over some furs. Bethel lifted a weary head. "Jane," he said, in the thread of a voice, "I have men under my command, but I lack the skill to dominate others. I never will have the ability to order men. Kel senses that. I am too used to instantly obeying commands to give them to others." Jane stared down as the dark head fell to the cushions and watched as the troubled, exhausted face relaxed and Bethel slept.
Jane sought Kel. He found him swearing roundly at one of the men, his torrent of abuse fluent enough to bring a smile to Jane's face. He waited until Kel turned and saw him. Kel spoke with something very akin to a snarl.
"What do you want?"
"I'm the young warrior's man and you must be Kel," said Jane, going forward with his hand held out. "I answer to Jane. I was a foot soldier until Tempkar Sarssen asked me to come to Beth." Kel let down the saddle and tackle he carried and took Jane's hand.
"Aye, I'm Kel." He smiled ruefully. "Forgive my rudeness, but that man's a born fool!" Jane gave a chuckle.
"There's always one in a troop," he agreed. "Do you look after that whole group I see spread out over there?" Kel followed Jane's gaze.
"Oh, aye, I try." Kel looked over at Jane and said shrewdly, "Why are you here?" Jane pursed his lips thoughtfully.
"To see how I can help, Kel."
"Not about the young warrior, is it?" Jane shook his head.
"Not entirely. I'm always concerned about him, as you'll be in time. But no, I've come because any assistance is easily given." A reluctant smile touched Kel's face.
"That's appreciated, Jane."
He hefted up the saddle, Jane quick to pick up the tackle and the other odds and ends that he saw lying on the ground. With a grunt Kel strode forward, Jane close behind. When Kel finally reached an unsel and entered it, he swung the saddle onto a small table and then turned to stare hard at Jane.
"The young warrior's told me to report of an evening to you. Is that so?" Jane nodded. Kel threw himself on the ground on a mat and indicated that Jane do likewise. "An unlikely one for a warrior, isn't he?"
"It's certainly not what the lad wanted to be," agreed Jane.
"What would he want?
"He's a profoundly gifted musician, Kel, with rare talent."
"No use as a warrior then, is he?"
"He's become one," reminded Jane, meditatively studying the ground. "And to do so among the likes of the Churchik shows much courage and skill."
"Aye," conceded Kel. "He has that, though he looks a mere boy. Where's the lad from then?"
"Ortok."
"I do vaguely remember it. Samar, wasn't it?" Jane nodded. "I wasn't in the assault but I think the place was sacked," commented Kel, stretching out his legs and leaning back indolently on his elbows. "I joined up after Owla, so I've been with the army since south of Dahkilah. How long back is Ortok now?"
"Six cycles about."
"He's been with the warlord that long?"
"Aye." Jane chewed on a stray straw that he'd absently picked up. "He was taken out of a slave pen in his home city of Ortok."
"He must only have been a child!"
"Aye."
"What's the warlord done to him?" Jane's head came up.
"Why do you ask?"
"He spoke to me, just to me, and I saw such depths of pain and suffering in his eyes. How's he been so hurt?"
"Do you have to be reminded of the warlord's reputation, Kel?" Kel glanced across at Jane and a shiver shook him. He looked away.
"Oh aye, cruelty's his second name and we all know what he does to pretty boys. I've seen what he's ordered done and seen him hurt men for a mistake. We've all seen the execution fields, Jane. It sometimes makes you wonder why you came north."
"Think of living with that every day of your life since you were eleven cycles, Kel. And then ask me if the lad's been hurt." Kel was quiet and looked at his boots. When he spoke, he did so in a neutral tone.
"The boy must be a survivor."
"He is," agreed Jane. "But he needs no more frowns of fortune." Kel looked sharply up and across to Jane who held his look.
"You mean me and the men, don't you?" Jane stretched.
"Kel, that's a very gentle and abused boy forced into a mould not of his making, having to live in a society that's the antithesis of his home city. Though he survives, no one fully comprehends the toll it takes of him. He'll deal with you in his way." Jane sighed gustily. "Kel, hurting others is alien to him; I doubt it'll ever come easily, nor is he cruel or an oppressor. He feels things deeply and cares for those for whom he's developed affection or respect. He'd rather work with willing men he could trust, I know that much."
"Do you respect him?" demanded Kel bluntly.
"Yes," responded Jane instantly. "Kel, I first met the lad when he was being punished in a harsh and brutal way. He was only a boy when the warlord had him tethered in the slave caravan, an awful experience he endured without complaint. In retrospect I think he'd have accepted death as well. He has courage, aye, Kel, he has much courage, and stubbornness too. Many would've fallen long ago, and that includes me, but Beth hasn't. I don't know how he's still alive. None of you has the sheer courage of that boy. I'd die for him, Kel." Stiffly, Jane got to his feet and glanced down at Kel, saying softly. "He may be a very gentle boy, Kel, but never mistake Beth for a weakling. That would be a big mistake. I'll come back later to help as promised."
Kel nodded pensively, his eyes following the older man. Left alone, Kel stayed seated, musing quietly to himself. His pondering brought him no immediate answers so he rose and deliberately began work on the saddle.
~~~
Bethel woke rested and warm. He stayed where he was, unwilling to move. Then he wondered about time and reluctantly uncurled, threw off the furs and shivering in the afternoon chill, he quickly dressed, pulling on a heavy doublet in place of the short jacket. He was in the act of pulling on his second boot when he looked up to see Jane enter with his hands full.
"It's like old times for me to feed you thus, isn't it?"
Jane chuckled as he knelt, then leaned towards Bethel with a hot bowl of stew in his hands. Sitting cross-legged, Bethel sniffed appreciatively and took it.
"Hungry, lad?"
"Aye," Bethel murmured. "I am, very."
"Then eat your fill. You don't have long before you're due out with the haskar again. His instruction's very heavy-handed, Beth, isn't it?"
"Extremely," mumbled Bethel, with his mouth full. "I almost practise in my sleep."
"Then there's the assembly of warriors for the warlord." Bethel made no comment in response to that. "Everything's ready for you, Beth."
"I thank you, Jane."
Bethel glanced across at the older man and smiled. Jane grinned back and they ate in silence until Jane spoke again.
"How do you feel now, lad?"
"Very much better, Jane. How long did I sleep?"
"About three hours." Bethel looked quite blank. "It's no problem, lad. I checked on Kel and he and the men do all you ask of them. Kel could be a good man if he ever trusted anyone." Bethel munched on another piece of cheese then washed it down with a swig of badran.
"Many of them are very tough," he commented idly. "I could see that easily enough."
"Life's tough, Beth," was Jane's non-committal reply.
"I will not see you again until morning, Jane," Bethel said quietly, upending his tankard and draining it.
"No, young one, you won't. Doubtless you'll go direct to the warlord after the assembly." Bethel stretched. "What time did you say we move out?"
"No later than midsun, I think. I shall try to be here as soon as I can, Jane. It's just -."
"I know what it is, lad. Much depends on the warlord. I understand. You'll find little to do when you get back to us, Beth. Be easy on that." Jane responded to the sweet and gentle smile with a hand that gripped Bethel briefly, but firmly, on the shoulder. "Get along with you."
~~~
Mid-morning saw the army on the move. Bethel managed to escape the warlord earlier than usual and was with Kel supervising and helping where needed, though he confessed to both Jane and Kel that, with their organisation, he felt superfluous. That brought a grin to each older man's face and a shy smile to Bethel's.
Progress was slow, horses moving at an amble. The sun was out and had warmth, so Bethel was content enough to sit astride his horse and converse with Jane as they rode. Mishak walked beside Jane leading two heavily-laden pack-horses. Kel and his men fell in behind and then the provisioned carts followed them.
Bethel eventually pulled a pipe from his breeches' pocket and began to play it, unaware of the startled looks he got from Kel and the men because he was engrossed in the music. When Jane fell back to Kel, he saw a quizzical look in Kel's eyes.
"Plays as if he was born within the music," observed Kel appreciatively. "Me and the men enjoy the lad's playing."
"Aye, as I said, Beth has talent."
"Aye," agreed Kel, beginning to whistle along with the pipe. After a few minutes, some of the other men began to hum along and Jane had to chuckle as he kneed his horse forward again.
They'd been moving for at least an hour, when Kel noticed a rider come from further up the line. He watched, only vaguely interested, until he saw the form materialise as the warlord, then unconsciously he straightened his shoulders and muttered a warning back to the men. He heard the whispering that ensued before the idle chatter died.
Bethel wasn't aware of the warlord's approach because he talked with Mishak and had his head bent. It was only when he sat upright, that he saw Lodestok. It was with interest that Kel watched how the youth reacted. He saw the dark head instantly submissively bend and also saw complete surrender in every part of the young warrior. It was as if Bethel was someone else entirely, and, since Kel hadn't known what to expect, this surprised and somehow seriously disturbed him. Jane had his head bent too, Kel noticed, but there was not the abject submission in his posture. Mishak sensibly hid behind a pack horse.
"So here you are, flower," came the cold, deep voice. "It has taken me time to find you, boy." When the warlord drew in next to Bethel, he saw the youth's start of surprise. "You surely do not expect me to ride unaccompanied, boy, do you?"
"No, my lord," responded Bethel automatically, raising his head. Lodestok looked beyond him to Kel and the men in a way that made Kel begin to sweat. The warlord's presence was a threat. Kel could feel tension in the men as the look chilled them.
"Are these yours, boy?"
"Yes, my lord," answered Bethel, looking over at Kel with a reassuring smile in his big eyes.
"Are they satisfactory?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Make sure they remain that way, boy."
"Yes, my lord." Lodestok still stared at the men, one by one, his gaze malevolent. Then he turned his arctic stare on Jane.
"You are the boy's man, are you not?"
"Aye, my lord."
"Left on your own you do not anticipate problems with the men, do you?"
"No, my lord."
The warlord leaned across to Bethel and tugged at the youth's reins impatiently, his mouth set in uncompromising lines.
"You can hardly expect me to entertain myself, petal. While the army moves, flower, you ride with me as usual."
"Yes, my lord."
"Follow!" instructed Lodestok curtly, backing his horse and kneeing it forward. Bethel grimaced at Jane.
"That settles that," he said quietly, the pipes he held loosely, quickly stuffed in his breeches pocket. Jane nodded. Bethel turned back to Kel. "You heard the warlord, Kel." Kel also nodded, unable to repress a shiver. "Until later, Jane, whenever that is," murmured Bethel, manoeuvring his horse from the line.
Jane watched until the tall figure faded, then he turned to Kel who lifted a hand - he had a faintly ironic smile in his eyes.
"Aye, Jane," he conceded. "I don't deny the lad has courage."


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Ice Isle was aptly named, reflected Autoc. His eyes took in the towering glacial peaks that rose with a sense of overwhelming power and menace to the sky. They rose precipitately from the water where he stood, a slight youth, who shivered with the cold, standing next to him. He turned his head and glanced down at the tall figure staring ahead in fascination.
"Magnificent, isn't it, little one?" he asked, the smile deep in his eyes. Violet eyes looked up into his. In Chlorien's there was no answering smile, only awe and dread.
"Father," she said, so quietly the mage had to stoop to hear her. "I have to do this alone, haven't I?" Autoc put his arm round her shoulders and gave her a hard hug.
"Yes, little one, you do."
"Will you leave me now?" Autoc shook his head reassuringly.
"Not just yet, child, not yet."
"Will I be able to reach you, Father?"
"When it's time you'll call to me, little one. As always, I'll wait for you." Chlorien took a deep breath and swallowed very hard.
"Tell me," she beseeched, "what I seek."
"You'll know when you find it, lad. Every step of the way is defined for you. You just have to tread the path as you come to it."
Autoc saw the uncertain expression on Chlorien's face, carefully swung her so that she looked directly up at him, put a hand under the pointed chin and gently lifted her head. "Look at me, Chlorien," he instructed. Chlorien obeyed him, as she always did. "I want you to listen to me, child, and remember all you've learned over the cycles. You must have belief in yourself and faith in what you've become. I have, Chlorien. My trust in you is unshakeable and I have faith in the young one you are and in what you'll be. Hold to that.
What you confront won't be easy, little one, but you'll succeed and go beyond the experience because you'll want to. Nor are you entirely alone. How could you be, as loved as you are? You may think what you do is for me or for others, child, but it is for yourself, Chlorien. Never, little one, let fear be your guide. Be true to yourself and that'll act like a beacon for you, and hold, too, to what you learned as a canas, about strength within, that ensures survival. You overcame fears then and also did the same in the desert, so you know, deep inside, that you can go beyond what immediately confronts you and overcome it.
And don't forget one vital thing, little one - I care, Chlorien, very deeply, and know you for what you truly are, my feelings unconditional."
Autoc let go her chin, and, bending his head, kissed the dark curls that'd grown noticeably longer over the last cycle. Chlorien clung to him with every ounce of strength she possessed.
"I'll come back to you, Father," she whispered, a dry sob in her voice. "Wait for me."
"Always, little one. Have courage. Know I'm always within and one with you."
~~~
Chlorien took a tentative step forward through the water, then another and another. She turned back to her father, but the mage wasn't there. Nothing existed, other than swirling grey mist. She knew she couldn't go back, because there was nothing to go back to.
Chlorien soon left the water, noticing, as she trod stony ground, that the mountains that seemed so close had receded far into the distance. She seemed to walk for a very long time, sometimes ploughing through sudden and unexpected water, or else stumbling over stones and boulders that came from nowhere to trip her. Every step she took made the mountains drift farther from her. Something made her keep going. She wondered if it was stubbornness that drove her, or an unwillingness to be so easily defeated.
She thought of the desert as she walked and how alone she'd been then. In her mind she saw Choja and Jochoh and her steps lightened, though she didn't know why she thought of them. It was a cycle since they'd left the desert and much had happened in between, Chlorien now nearly seventeen cycles. While she walked, she mused, but she got few answers to questions that came into her mind in rapid succession.
She decided to keep moving until dark, but, as the hours passed, she realised that time as she knew it didn't exist here and there was no night. Panic gripped her until she thought of the mage and what he'd said. It calmed her. She stopped thoughtfully. She sensibly sat on a bed of stones and looked around, thinking while she rested that she expended a lot of energy travelling in her present form. It would, she reflected, make more sense to travel in another shape. Immediately she translated into a small blue larkbill with a tiny pouch strapped across its back.
She flew for mile after mile, finally alighting tiredly on the fork of a dead tree from where she could see the peaks ever distant. She knew she could fly no further, so glided to the ground and resumed her own form. As she did, a figure coalesced to form, slightly insubstantially, in front of her. She stood breathless with fright, momentarily so confused she wasn't sure what she saw and had to blink rapidly several times. That didn't help her decide whether the man facing her was real or merely an image. He stood very tall. His head was hairless, he was thin-lipped and his eyes didn't exist. He wore a long, dark robe.
Chlorien tried to scream, but when the figure raised a hand, she was paralysed by the sense of his power and stood motionless, the sound about to be uttered, dead in her throat. As she waited, words came into her mind, though she noticed the man's lips didn't move.
"You think to escape me, daughter, do you? How foolish!"
"Daughter?" she whispered, her eyes huge, black and disbelieving.
"Didn't they tell you I'm your father?" Dumbly, she shook her head. "You're blessed to be the daughter of a great mage, girl. Come to me and learn who I am."
Unwillingly, Chlorien was drawn towards the figure who beckoned her so imperiously. She struggled to resist by desperately trying to go backwards, every fibre of her being telling her not to be near this man. His power seemed to absorb her quite slowly and inexorably.
"I'm not your daughter," she screamed at him defiantly.
The man's hold on her loosened briefly and she was allowed to stand still while the figure studied her. A cold laugh echoed in her mind and she put up hands to her head to stop it. It continued to echo in spite of her.
"Aren't you then, Myme Chlo?" came the question that hung in her mind. "Then watch and learn, daughter!"
A scene unfolded in front of her. It held her appalled and speechless as she saw her mother, pinned to a bed by the man who now faced her on Ice Isle, repeatedly raped with cruel pleasure.
"Mam," wept Chlorien, tears dripping through her fingers. "Mam."
The image altered to show Melas' maternity through the seasons, until the image stilled and focused on the birth of a child. The child's name was said aloud:
"She is Myme Chlo." The image faded.
"Now," came the cold, amused voice in her mind. "Who are you, Myme Chlo?" Chlorien made no effort to move, because her mind reeled with shock.
"I am who I am," she whispered brokenly.
"You're mine, daughter. Who am I?"
"I don't know," she mumbled. The empty eye sockets seemed to devour her piece by piece.
"Look at me, child, and know who created you. Know your father, Myme Chlo!"
Chlorien stared into the sockets, then recoiled with revulsion at the darkness she saw there and at the intensity of malevolence that reached out to her. She was shown a part of herself in the man who'd created her. She shuddered.
"No," she whispered, putting up a hand. "No, I won't join you."
"Child, you're part of my body and belong with me. I can see darkness in you because we're all part dark, part light. Think what I could teach you, daughter! Just think of it!" Chlorien clenched her teeth and refused to listen, but the voice wouldn't leave her mind. "Let me show you what we could be, child," came the soft whisper in her mind.
Still resisting, she was swept along on a vortex of power and energy. It played with one reality after another, showed her what power and wealth could be hers for the taking, saw that such untrammelled power could be all-embracing and that she could dominate, not just Ambros, but worlds far and beyond.
She felt herself helplessly merge with the dominant being who now held her so absolutely and played with her, as if she was already his. Approaching oneness with him, and sensing that to fight was the ultimate futility, Chlorien's chaotic mind unexpectedly thought of the scholar, his words caught her and she held to them without being aware of it. She heard them again, loudly and distinctly.
"Have faith in what you've become. I have faith in the young one you are."
Suddenly, Chlorien heard herself repeatedly scream the words out loud. She heard the snarl in her mind, as the all-consuming oneness split apart. She drifted alone and bewildered in a huge empty space that was without shape or texture. The man's voice in her mind still held her.
"Come when I command you, daughter. You'll be mine in the end." Chlorien's throat felt raw.
"I reject you!" she screamed at him hoarsely. "I reject you as my father. I'm who I've become. You can't touch me."
She found herself back below the bare-branched tree, the slightly hazy figure in front of her arrogant, his gaze at her contemptuous.
"They've taught you well, daughter, I grant them that." The voice hissed in her mind. "But it won't save you."
When Chlorien looked up, the figure was gone.
~~~
Pitiably trembling, Chlorien sank to the ground. Terror and despair took her. She suffered hours of torment, her grief and self-loathing keeping her helpless. She'd no idea how long she stayed this way. She only knew, as time passed, that she had to accept who she was before she could go any further. She clambered unsteadily to her feet and spoke aloud in a hard voice.
"I acknowledge you as the man who raped my Mam. You fathered me, but you aren't my father. Another answers to that to me. I'm my mother's child, not yours." Her eyes filling with tears, Chlorien turned to the peaks that were closer and far less forbidding than they'd been. "I'm Chlorien," she called out in a stronger voice. "It's as Chlorien I come, not as the daughter of Malekim." Her voice broke. She waited, then took a step forward. She bent her head and kept moving.
Again she walked for many hours, unaware of time that now seemed immaterial. She translated often as time passed, but numb, and caring nothing of her surroundings, she just moved automatically in the direction of the peaks, ate mechanically because she knew that she must, but constantly shivered with profound shock and cold.
After a while she came to a cave that offered shelter and comfort of a sort. She crouched inside it, trying to ease aching muscles and conscious she felt empty of emotion. It warred with utter physical exhaustion. At last Chlorien fell deeply asleep, a small fur from her pack pulled firmly around her.
She'd no idea how long she slept. She woke to the figure of a woman who stood still only a few steps from her. Chlorien stumbled to her feet, her hand out warding off the image and her mouth open on a sob of fear, but the woman not moving, nor uttering threatening words, slightly reassured her. She sank back on the ground, trying to gather disordered thoughts. She heard Autoc's words and they calmed her.
"Never let fear be your guide."
Then she saw his face in her mind as he smiled gently down at her and this brought waves of overwhelming comfort that she clung to, so it was only a small sob she gave as she looked over at the woman.
"Myme Chlo," the woman said. He voice was warm and soothing. Chlorien looked up, her violet eyes as huge as the deep green eyes that stared down at her. "Do you know who you are, child?"
"I do now," whispered Chlorien, tears welling and dripping down her cheeks.
"I'm so sorry, Myme Chlo. I didn't know this would happen. Do you acknowledge who you are?"
"I have no choice." Chlorien gave a deeper sob. Tears poured down her face to cascade from her chin. The woman sat in front of the weeping girl and, leaning forward, wiped the tears as they fell.
"Why do you cry, child? You're still the Myme Chlo of not so long ago." Chlorien's head drooped.
"I'm a child of the dark, aren't I? I remember Father's lessons very well." Chlorien was unaware of her use of the word `father' concerning Autoc, but it brought a smile to the woman's eyes.
"We're all light and dark, some of us more dark by our actions than we realised, little one. You're less dark than most." The term `little one' brought up the tear-stained face.
"Do you know Father?" Chlorien asked anxiously. The woman nodded and saw an easing of tense shoulders. "Are you a child of the dark, too?" The woman sat beside Chlorien and drawing her close, put an arm round her.
"In a sense, child, I could be thought that, though my action was unwitting. It's said often one only realises the enormity of a simple-seeming act after one's taken it. So it was with me. What I did, with another, led to your being here today, Myme Chlo. In a sense you're one instrument that may, I pray, right the wrong done. Time will tell, child, but one step at a time." The woman gave a soft sigh. Gently she turned Chlorien's head so their eyes met. "Come with me, little one, and see what I have to show you."
Chlorien drowned in eyes that drew her forward, until she saw herself stand, a bystander, as a scene unfolded in front of her. Chlorien saw a dragon land. She watched a tall, auburn-headed man, his hair streaked with white, climb down the dragon's side, commune briefly, then stride away to enter a dell. Chlorien felt he was vaguely familiar. Chlorien saw the woman, who was with her now, sitting by a stream, her long curly black hair unplaited and a welcoming smile in her eyes when she saw the man approach.
Chlorien saw the pair mate with love and passion, before the scene changed, she saw the woman give birth and die, then watched, fascinated, as dryads took the infant to a city she knew was Ortok. She wanted to cry out that what she wanted most was to go home to all those she'd loved and lost. She wept, but didn't feel the tears. She watched the child grow to a girl and then to the young woman Chlorien knew was her mother. Suddenly she blinked rapidly and bent her head, unwilling to speak. The woman beside her stroked her cheek.
"You resemble me very closely, don't you, Myme Chlo?"
"I think so," mumbled Chlorien, scarcely audibly.
"But you have Bene's eyes, haven't you?" Chlorien looked up, bewildered.
"Bene?"
"The tall white-haired man who's your greatsire, child. Have you forgotten him? Your mother had his violet eyes and so have you." Chlorien was lost in thought for a long time and then when she spoke, it was with awe.
"Bene spoke to me before I was born," she whispered. "He called to me to come and also told me I was wanted, would be cherished and also fully accepted. Now I understand what he meant. He waited for me. He loved me."
"So did your mother, little one." Chlorien bent her head again.
"How could she? I'm the result of rape."
"Myme Chlo, your mother would've loved you whoever you were, though she always believed you were Alfar's daughter. Indeed, if it's of any consolation, child, you bear no resemblance to the man who conceived you. In an odd way, I see Melas and your greatsire. You're very like your brothers and also very like me."
"Why was your loving my greatsire so wrong?" Chlorien asked in a small voice.
"It was an inter-species coupling forbidden long ago. Neither Bene nor I had any idea of the harm we'd done. Such matings were always sterile, so we'd no comprehension how dire the results would be."
"How are you different from my greatsire?" queried Chlorien, tired and confused.
"I was a nymph, little one, who chose to live on Ambros rather than go to Yarilo as an initiate. Your greatsire is the Archmage of Yarilo. Let me tell you about Yarilo and the battle of the Second Age. Do you know anything of it?"
"Some things," murmured Chlorien, settling back into Cynthas' arms. "Father taught me thoroughly."
"Then I'll put what Bene and I did into a new perspective for you. Listen, child."
And Chlorien did, lulled by the quiet, gentle voice that talked long with her. She said nothing and kept quite still, only asking when the nymph finished speaking,
"Is that why that man hurt Mam so much? Was it to hurt my greatsire?"
"That's so, child. I know the maintenance of Ambrosian balance is a concept difficult to grasp, young as you are, but all you need understand is that it gave Malekim a chance to alter, in the subtlest way, what would be."
"What's that?"
"You tell me, little one. What's the opposite of Ambrosian balance? What happens if it's tilted even slightly?"
"The equilibrium's lost."
"And?"
"Chaos comes," whispered Chlorien, burying her head in Cynthas' chest. "He wouldn't do that, would he?"
"He wishes to hurt, Myme Chlo. People who wish to hurt others often don't care how they do it, provided they inflict the hurt. So it is with the mage Malekim."
"Is he all evil?" came the wistful question. A hand touched her hair.
"Only you can answer that, little one," was the quiet reply. Chlorien shivered.
"He fathered me, didn't he?" The nymph heard the desperate appeal for denial, but sadly nodded.
"I'm so sad, child, for what we've done to you and yours. I hope one day you'll have it in your heart to forgive Bene and me."
~~~
As if the woman had never been, Chlorien found herself alone. She rose, brushed at cheeks still damp and sniffed several times. When she went outside the cave, she was completely disoriented. The peaks were nearer. She felt their dominating presence as they soared beyond her and studied them incuriously, her brain weary yet seething in a way that refused her rest.
She ate absently before she walked again. She let the isle envelop her as she once let a desert absorb her. She became, again, a grain of sand in a vast desert, undergoing the experience there and with the canas pack with more urgency and poignancy. She was suddenly painfully aware how small she was, how insignificant and how unnecessary to existence. It was a moment of maturity and understanding of self and Chlorien knew she could survive, because she had learned about inner strength and resilience. She was alone, yet no longer lonely. She felt inwardly stronger, the lessons learned before she came to Ice Isle coming back to mind and letting her free to remember as she walked.
She went back to Ortok. She walked with Lian. She walked through the forest with the scholar who let her come to terms with herself - she saw that he cared for her as much as anyone ever had in her life. She went further back again, to her birth and to the old man who'd been with her from conception. Her mind shied from that, even though she was learning to accept that pain was part of life and that it could never be changed. She moved slowly, with a hand to her mouth, anguish sometimes showing in eyes that looked blankly ahead.
She thought again of the scholar. The warmth that flowed through her when she did helped her to confront the memory of Queeb that swept over her. She refused to give in to the fear that always gripped her in the henchman's presence, mentally dispassionately assessed him, then deliberately dismissed the memory of him. It gave her a measure of strength she'd not felt before and her back straightened. Sense returned to eyes that still shone like obsidian.
She saw Jaim and responded with a sad inward smile to the twinkle in the tawny eyes that always looked omniscient. She passed on from him to Choja and Jochoh, who rode alone in the desert. She felt close to them, but knew they could neither sense nor see her.
Wearily, she returned to the immediate present, conscious she'd walked steadily closer to the peaks. She hadn't translated, nor had she any inclination to. She travelled as Chlorien. She saw Autoc in her mind again and reached out to the vivid image she had of him, holding to it and hearing his deep calm voice speak again.
"Courage, little one." She saw him speak so clearly in her memory, it was like a sharp ache that wouldn't leave her.
"Father," she whispered to herself. "Father, I try to comprehend what you taught me. I understand what you tried to say about the perils that go with the pursuit of knowledge. Like you I don't crave power. I just wish to understand."
A smile trembled on lips that felt dry. Chlorien licked them and stood quite still. As she spoke, she saw a white flutter emerge, she thought, from the mountains themselves. She watched as it came closer and saw, to her delight, that it was a tiny, elegant dragon that fluttered and settled on her hand, its head tilted and its eyes inviting her to follow. Without hesitation and entranced, she did. The dragon flitted, always a little ahead directing the way, but it turned its head every so often, its eyes spinning in encouragement. Chlorien sensed no threat, just curiosity and concern that she not fall back. Time stood still for Chlorien while she trailed the tiny creature.
"You're so beautiful," she murmured, her hand going out involuntarily.
Immediately the estani butterfly paused, hovered, then alighted on her hand before it brushed its wings against her fingers as it rose to flutter on ahead. It winged its way in small surges. It was a hard trail to follow, because abruptly it became steeply uphill. Chlorien stumbled and cut herself. She was bruised from knocking against things as she tried to keep close to the little dragon. Then, unexpectedly, she was at the base of the peaks that ran sheer above her. They shone like glass and looked too smooth to climb. Chlorien was dwarfed. The estani was gone.
Bewildered, Chlorien called for it, but it didn't reappear. She brushed a hand across her eyes and crouched, over-awed by the peaks and shivering. She'd forgotten to eat, but wasn't hungry. Frightened, she stayed crouched. After she got cramp from staying that way for so long, Chlorien stood timidly. Her legs trembled with fatigue, just as they'd done so long ago when she'd first walked through the forest with the scholar, struggling to keep up with his long strides.
She forced herself to walk forward to the very base of the nearest peak. When she reached it, the peak disintegrated. Each peak she reached, the same thing happened, until she was left standing on the edge of a water-filled crater. When she stared at the water, it slowly changed colour. She cocked her head at it, but wouldn't go a step closer. The crater shape changed, too, now a canas, next an ommantadi tree, then a series of faces that she recognised because for her they were highly significant. The colours fluctuated with each image. Chlorien hissed, desert-fashion. Apprehension gripped her. She knew she had to take some sort of action to overcome this water, but she was tired and crushed and her mind was unwilling to grapple with anything else.
So she sat on the edge and stared into water that was now deep aquamarine and still. Chlorien noticed there were no ripples. Nor did it have reflections mirrored on the surface. It was dark and brooding. Puzzled, Chlorien picked up a stone from beside her and threw it into the water to see what would happen. Nothing did. The water merely absorbed the stone as though it didn't exist. Chlorien shivered.
She sat back thoughtfully, a hand to curls that hung damply about her face. She hesitated. Then she remembered the scholar telling her that not all she saw, was - in fact, often it was not. Her fingers twined even more. She knew the water was the only way forward, but she was too timid to step into it. She was deeply afraid that she, too, would disappear without trace.
Finally, when no answers presented themselves, Chlorien rose. With a resolute intake of breath, and remembering Autoc's advice to her that she have faith, she stepped into the water and kept walking until it reached her knees. She felt herself sucked under as she desperately tried to keep her head above the surface and only stopped struggling when she knew she'd gone under - her floundering stopped.
Then she realised that she hadn't drowned, she stood on firm ground, and, with a fraught sigh, looked about her. She was in a huge bowl in the middle of mountains. Peaks soared all round her wherever she looked. When she caught her breath and had the courage, she stared downwards to whirling eyes of myriad colours that made her dizzy and feel faintly sick. She realised she was on a broad ledge in the bowl, about a third the way up.
She sat heavily, edging back from a precipice that gave her vertigo. She was overwhelmed and weak and lacked either the energy, or fortitude, to crawl back to the edge to see what the eyes belonged to. She waited, quite still and resigned.
And she sat there for what to Chlorien seemed hours. The cold encased her. It made her unable even to shiver, because she felt her marrow turn to ice. She no longer felt pain - just a sense of deep, intense and penetrating cold. So she sat, rigid, her huge eyes staring at nothing, until she saw something move to her left. She couldn't move, because she'd no will to. She waited. When the movement came closer, Chlorien was aware she was no longer alone on the ledge.
"Turn to look at me," came a command in her mind. With an effort almost beyond her, Chlorien snapped the numbing bonds of cold and turned obediently, her eyes meeting spinning golden ones that moved with incredible speed. Those orbs held Chlorien, then dragged her forward. She knew the creature balanced on the edge of the ledge and she tried to pull back. She couldn't. Like a magnet she was drawn, until she felt herself touch the creature and then she stopped.
"Who are you?" she whispered.
"Climb up and into my pouch," came the second command. Chlorien looked up and her eyes widened.
"You're a dragon," she breathed. "A beautiful Ice dragon, such as Father described."
"Climb," said the voice, more gently this time.
Tired and battered though she was, Chlorien began to haul herself clumsily up towards the ridges on the dragon's back, her fingers still numb with cold. Instinctively, she sought the pouch behind the neck and sank trembling into it.
She felt a sickening surge when the dragon launched itself in the air, her stomach lurched unpleasantly, then the movement eased and she sensed they floated downwards, in a gentle spiral, that brought them to the base of the bowl. She sat still, awe-struck. All around her were dragons, their whirling eyes assessing her curiously. She felt small and helpless.
Chlorien clambered to the ground, her teeth chattering with cold and fright. Tiny and alone, she stood there. Her chest heaved with the effort to breathe in the icy atmosphere. A voice touched her mind. It was different from the dragon who carried her.
"What do you seek, courageous little child of Ambros?" Without knowing why she said it, Chlorien spoke out loud and very clearly.
"I'm here not just for one reason. I come for Lian's essence." All she could hear was the hissing of steamy breath.
"What else, small child that you are?"
Again, Chlorien answered without hesitation, "I call so I'll know my dragon in cycles to come."
"How can one such as you, not even a mage, make such a demand?"
"I bear the dragon mark," she said, completely unaware she'd responded. She'd no memory of what she said or did.
"Show us the mark!"
Chlorien rolled up her right sleeve to show a faint birthmark on her arm. It was only a small raised red welt that she'd tried to ignore all her life. She stopped rolling her tunic because the skin on her arm pulsed with a light of its own, the mark stretching itself into the semblance of the outline of a dragon. Chlorien didn't hear the sigh that swept the assembled dragons, because she stared perplexed at her arm that now looked quite normal. She blinked.
"Can you have any other reason for being here, dragon-marked child that you are?"
"My mother's here." The young voice quivered. "I want to be with Mam." There was a rushing of dragon breath in response to that.
A deeper voice came to her mind, saying curiously, "Seek her out if you're so sure, child. I answer to Estbane."
All her love and anguish overwhelming her, Chlorien sent powerfully outwards. Mingled with that was deep grief that her birth should have brought about her mother's destruction. As she desperately sought, she caught a young dragon response. Chlorien knew she touched her mother and, without conscious effort, she poured all her energy, love and awareness into the contact, barely understanding she melded with one who'd deeply loved her. She sensed great power in the young Ice Crystal mind, as well as confusion. The power was raw but very real.
"Mam?"
"I was," came a young voice. "I'm Goldlas, though once I was Melas. I have her consciousness, as well as my dragon sense. You're my only daughter born of Ambros."
"Mam, it's me. You called me Myme Chlo."
"How do you answer now?"
"To Chlorien."
"Ice Crystal dragons are rare: I'm one."
"Yes."
"I'm not your dragon, beloved child, though we'll meet again. You mustn't grieve for me, Myme Chlo. I know who gave you to me. It alters nothing. I know I always wanted a daughter and I know I loved you so very dearly. I'm to go now."
"Mam?" wept Chlorien. "Mam, come back. I've missed you so much." Chlorien felt the meld dissolve. She stood with bowed head. Every part of her quivered. Dragon eyes, spinning in a mass of whirling colours, studied the small, still figure.
"Indeed," came the deep voice that was Estbane. "You've found your mother and given us answers to riddles that've occupied our minds for some time. You're a remarkably brave child, Chlorien. It's your mother who holds the essence you seek, child."
"And my dragon?" she sent back tentatively, her voice choked.
"I'm here, Chlorien." She looked up, her head turning incredulously to look into deep blue eyes that reminded her, with a stab, of Autoc.
"I'm Abylon."
Chlorien couldn't speak. Nor could she think, as she was swept into a meld with the powerful mind of the male dragon who'd maybe, if she was called for, become part of her. With a sob, Chlorien opened to Abylon. The dragon didn't fully meld with the child who stood in front of him, because he recognised her youth and vulnerability and also knew instinctively she wasn't yet ready to understand what a dragon bond was. He withdrew. Abylon bent his head to look at the small figure.
"Call me when you're ready, Chlorien," he sent gently. She nodded then looked round her. Her eyes were enormous and black. Suddenly she felt afraid, profoundly lost, bereft and deeply lonely.
"Where are you?" she sent out to Estbane. The deep voice entered her mind again.
"You've come a very, very long way, child, and are very tired. You need rest before you resume your journey."
"Lian's essence," she sent back. Her sending sounded faint to Estbane.
"It's in your hands, child. Guard it well. You'll know what to do with it at the given time. We cared for it until you were ready. Go now." The voice faded from her mind.


CHAPTER NINETEEN

Chlorien struggled to keep the mind link open, but found it irrevocably closed. She knew she was alone in the ice bowl and, sinking helplessly to her knees, she called out.
"Father! Father!"
"I'm here, little one, as always," came the calm, deep voice in her mind.
"Father, help me!"
"Then come, little one."
"How do I reach you?" Chlorien's sending was faint. Her teeth chattered. She shook with exhaustion and cold.
"Close your eyes, Chlorien, and think of me," came the quiet voice. "Now, little one."
Chlorien felt the surge of affection and a sense of intense warmth sweep through her that dispelled the bone-chilling cold. An image of Autoc, whom she loved with every part of her being, rose so vividly in her mind it almost choked her.
"Gently, gently," cautioned a voice above her, as she felt arms enfold and hold her very close.
She was only dimly aware something was taken from her hands, because sobbing, she flung her arms about the mage and clung to him as if her survival depended on it. Autoc looked down at her, his eyes bright with tears. He stroked the dark, damp curls. He knelt on the shore of Ice Isle, Jaim beside him, the Gnosti's face remarkably grim. He hadn't missed the tremors that ran through the mage, as his arms went out to the stumbling figure who staggered across the stones to him, the young one's face white and the eyes wildly inky.
"How long's he been gone, my friend?" he asked.
"Only a day, Jaim, but to him it's been very much longer," replied Autoc, raising his head. Jaim looked searchingly into the mage's face.
"Didn't you expect him back, is that it?" he asked curiously.
"I knew he'd come back," came the quiet reply, "but not whether he'd be whole. That I didn't know."
"And is he?" demanded Jaim, his keen eyes bent on the boy. Autoc clamped Chlorien closer and nodded.
"Oh, yes, he's whole."
"He looks a complete mess to me," growled Jaim. "What do we do with him now?"
Autoc lifted Chlorien's head. Her eyes were still dark. She looked, Jaim thought with a shiver of pity and concern, harrowed. The mage looked deeply into her eyes and she responded as she always did, melding swiftly. It was brief.
"Father," she murmured. "Father."
Autoc brushed his hand across her forehead, and, as she slumped, he rose with her in his arms. Jaim already made his way to the boat anchored in the bay, stalking through water that came to his waist. He clambered aboard and turned, waiting for Autoc who'd reached the shore's edge, and now waded slowly out to him. Jaim took Chlorien. He laid her gently in the boat and waited while Autoc hauled himself on board and helped Jaim drag in the anchor. The mage left Jaim to attend to the tiller and sat, sorting out long legs that seemed much too lanky for the boat.
Comfortably settled, he bent and lifted Chlorien into his arms, resting the young head in his lap. He stared long down at her, before he wrapped her in very heavy skins and an all-enveloping cloak, the hood of which was pulled up and over her head. He cradled Chlorien indulgently. Jaim put his pipe to his mouth, looked up at wind filling the sails and glanced over at the mage bent over the boy.
"What was done to him, my friend?" he asked. "Or can't you tell me?"
"He saw images of reality he had to accept. He could go no further until he faced who and what he is." Autoc lifted his head and eyed Jaim pensively. "We all have weaknesses and inadequacies and indulge in self-deception. The lad's extremely young to be forced to come to terms with his."
"Why did he have to now?"
"There's no time to let him wait. It's very cruel what was done to him, just like the brothers, yet different. He had to seek and find, my friend, as well as face himself. Most of us," added the mage softly, "come to this gradually. He'll need love and understanding to help him, Jaim. I think it's time he knew you as you truly are. You need to be yourself to help me heal him, don't you?"
Jaim looked out over the sea, his expression remote. When he turned back to Autoc, his eyes were sombre.
"Yes, mage, I do. He's at that stage, is he?"
"Aye," murmured Autoc, his gaze back on Chlorien. Jaim's smile was rueful.
"So this is why I'm here, mage, is it?" Autoc met the tawny eyes but made no answer. "Where to, my friend?" asked Jaim, after a prolonged silence.
"Wherever," responded the mage vaguely. "Shall we go farther westward?"
"Do you mean to the Gnosti?"
"Why not?" quipped Autoc, glancing up with a smile lighting his eyes. "I'd like to return there and it'll be an education for the boy."
Chlorien woke to the steady swell of the sea. She lazily opened her eyes, aware of warmth and comfort and of being held securely in strong arms. She stared up at the sky, unwilling to move. Then she gave a small sob and turned her head into the chest of the one who held her, then, when a hand drew back the hood and turned her head so she looked up, her distraught eyes met compassionate blue ones.
"Little one." The mage's voice was soothing and deep. "I'm pleased you're awake. We're at sea."
"Father!" Chlorien's voice was weak and the mage saw the fear and anguish in her eyes. He held her firmly.
"You've had a cruel experience, little one, haven't you?" Chlorien couldn't answer. Autoc said nothing. After a while, she gave another deep sob and spoke.
"Have you always known who I am?" she whispered.
"Yes, child. Why do you ask?"
"I'm a child of the dark, aren't I?" Chlorien wept bitterly.
"We all are, to some degree," she heard Autoc say. "Because you're born of someone who embraced the dark doesn't mean you'll be the same. We all have choice, little one."
"He claimed me," shivered Chlorien, the fear in her eyes deepening. "He tried to take me with him, and I know he has power, Father. He's a mage of great strength, isn't he?"
"Yes, little one, he is." Chlorien's eyes widened.
"You won't let him take me, will you, Father?" Autoc shook his head. "I can't resist him on my own, can I?"
"No, child, but then, you're only young. He's very old. You won't be asked to confront him for some cycles and even then you won't do so alone. Take comfort from that, little one." Chlorien saw his smile and snuggled more firmly into his arms.
"Why then did he come to me?"
"He was a sending, child. He wasn't physically there." Astonishment replaced the fear in Chlorien's eyes. She shook her head.
"No, Father," she argued. "He was there. I saw him." She shivered, but the mage's smile widened.
"Very well, little one," he said peaceably. "We won't dispute that. He came to you to make you accept who you are and also showed you what you could become if ambition is to be your guide."
"No!" shuddered Chlorien, continuing to stare up at Autoc. "He said you taught me well."
"Well and good," murmured Autoc softly, aware of the intense gaze. "What is it, child?"
"Why couldn't you just tell me who I am?" There was a forlorn note to her voice. Autoc stroked a pale cheek.
"Would you have believed me, little one? Would you have faced up to your origins and accepted them, if I had?" Chlorien's eyes clouded and reluctantly she shook her head.
"No," she whispered.
"I couldn't show you all he portrayed for you, Chlorien," Autoc's voice went on soothingly, "because it's not within me to do so. Only another, far more powerful, could do such a thing. You had to see for yourself, so you could decide what you want to be. I couldn't choose for you, lad."
"No," Chlorien whispered again.
"And your greatdame? Did her words offer you no comfort?" Chlorien nodded but shivered at the same time.
"Mam -," she began, then her voice broke. Autoc held the twisting hands in a very firm grasp.
"So he showed you that, did he?" The mage didn't need an answer in words. "You weren't responsible for either her rape or death, Chlorien. Others bear that burden - you don't."
"You knew the woman with the green eyes, didn't you, Father?" A sad expression touched the mage's face.
"I knew her, little one, yes."
"What was her name, Father?"
"Cynthas." Chlorien considered that and her voice, when she spoke, was a little stronger.
"She says I'm like her."
"Oh, yes, lad, you are, very. Ask Jaim, because he constantly sees Cynthas in you." Surprise lit the violet eyes.
"Did he know her?"
"Very well."
"Does he know my greatsire?"
"He knows him very well too."
"Do you, Father?"
"Aye, little one, I do. I deeply revere your greatsire."
"I have a great deal to learn, haven't I, Father?"
"Yes, child you have, but you're young yet. You'll be surprised how quickly and easily you learn."
"The water frightened me. I thought I drowned."
"But you didn't, did you?"
"No." There was a long pause, then, "Father?" Autoc's head bent again, his eyes keen but kind. He nodded. "Did you know I had a dragonmark?" Autoc nodded again. "I didn't," murmured Chlorien drowsily. A twinkle came to the mage's eyes when she began again, "Father -."
"Yes, little one."
"Mam's an Ice Crystal dragon."
"I know, child. Amril tells me she's very beautiful." Chlorien digested that and then the look she gave the mage was challenging.
"Is there anything you don't know?" she demanded. There was the ghost of a laugh in the voice that answered her.
"Many, many things."
Chlorien lay still in the mage's arms, her eyes closing, though she didn't sleep. Presently she spoke once more.
"You love me, Father, don't you?"
"Yes, I care deeply for you, little one."
"I love you," she whispered. "And you truly care, even though I'm born of the dark?"
 "That means nothing to me, Chlorien. You're yourself. Sleep now, there's a good lad." Chlorien tried to speak, but a hand touched her head, so quickly, she was asleep before her mouth moved.
~~~
When Chlorien woke for the second time, she found she lay in a thick bed of pampa with the smell of spring flowers and blossom thick in the air. She stretched and raised herself on an elbow, her eyes coming to rest on Autoc who leaned against a tree only a few feet from her. She sat abruptly, her tiredness gone. She walked across to the mage, saw he dozed and curled up carefully beside him, with her head rested on his shoulder. She stayed still, aware how quiet and peaceful it was. She relaxed and closed her eyes.
She wasn't deeply asleep, so roused immediately she heard a footfall. Cycles of being pursued made her quick. She was on her feet in an instant, her hand drawing a knife at incredible speed, her posture over the mage one of fierce defence. She didn't see Autoc's eyes open, or the surprise that shone in them when he took in her protective stance.
"Stay where you are," threatened Chlorien, in a voice gone very hard and cold.
"As you wish," said a deep voice in amusement.
"Who are you?" she snapped, her knife raised. "And what are you doing here?"
"I'm Jaim."
Chlorien stared at the short stocky figure. She was absolutely still and poised with menace, her gaze, the Gnosti thought, intense.
"No you're not," she stated bluntly. "I don't know where he is, but you aren't my uncle."
"Look at me closely, Chlorien," the small man advised, advancing a step that brought him very close to Chlorien.
"Don't move," warned Chlorien, her knife hand drawing back. "No one approaches my father!"
"But we're such old friends, little one," said a voice below her.
Chlorien was caught off guard, her glance flickering to the mage's laughing countenance. It was only for an instant, but it was enough time for Jaim to quickly disarm her. She stood bewildered and irritated.
"Father, that was unfair," she growled.
"Too easy to disarm, lad," said Jaim disapprovingly, shaking his head. He handed her the knife. "You forget your desert training." Chlorien muttered as she slammed home the knife in its sheath.
"And that's unfair," commented Autoc, getting languidly to his feet. "The lad didn't know where he was and you claimed to be someone he trusted."
"True," murmured Jaim, looking up at the tall boy facing him. "But even so, the lad shouldn't let himself be surprised like that."
"He's right, Father," admitted Chlorien, looking fleetingly up at the mage.
"Perhaps," said Autoc quietly. "And it is Jaim, little one. Show him, my friend, so the lad can see for himself." Obligingly, Jaim became a tall thin, old man, then he came back as himself. Chlorien's eyes lit up.
"You're a Gnosti!" she exclaimed.
"That's so, lad."
"Your eyes are the same in both forms." Chlorien looked respectfully at the large battleaxe he wore. "Can you use that?"
"Aye, lad, easily." Chlorien's respect deepened.
"Why did you come as an old man?" she asked with interest. Jaim looked over at the mage with a lift to his eyebrows.
"It was thought unwise for a race, largely unknown in the east, to suddenly appear. Now we're closer to Gnosti land, it matters less." Autoc paused. "Enough questions. Are you hungry, lad?"
"Very," responded Chlorien.
When Jaim turned and walked away, Autoc put an arm round Chlorien's shoulders and led her back to their small camp. She ate well, Jaim's food always appetising, then she gave a deep sigh and settled against the slender trunk of a gnarlwood. As soon as she relaxed, though, memories flooded back and Autoc, glancing briefly at her, saw pain in big eyes that stared out at nothing in particular. He did and said nothing, merely raising a tankard to his mouth and drinking thoughtfully.
Jaim eyed Chlorien as much as she studied him, their eyes meeting several times. Jaim's eyes twinkled at her and she grinned back. Chlorien looked across at the resting mage.
"Where are we, Father?" she asked, absently chewing on a blade of the spiky pampa.
"Thirty miles or so west of Ice Isle, child."
When Autoc caught the shiver that shook Chlorien, he rose in a leisurely way and beckoned her. She scrambled over to him, but her expression was one of extreme trepidation and when Jaim saw the deeper fear beyond that, he looked away. The mage took Chlorien's hand firmly in his.
"Chlorien," he began very gently, "Such a cruel trial as you've had needs to be explained and understood, little one." Chlorien stood still. "Do you fully understand what's happened to you?" She shook her head. "Do you realise that you must understand if your experience is to have any value for you?" She nodded. "Can you undertake a journey back so soon?" Chlorien put a hand to her mouth, licked her lips and lifted her head, depths of despair in her lovely eyes. The mage knew she needed help and that it couldn't be delayed. "Can you, little one?"
"Must I, Father?"
"Jaim and I'll be there, every step of the way, child. You won't be alone this time."
"He'll be there," she said desperately, her throat dry.
"Aye, little one, but so will I."
Autoc held up his hand that she took so he could draw her down next to him.
"I have to, Father, don't I?" Autoc's touch was very gentle.
"Come with me, little one, and hold to me. You'll be quite safe." Before the mage linked with Chlorien, he turned quickly to the Gnosti. "There's no time to explain, Jaim, but you'll get a shock. Try not to let her sense this." Jaim nodded, his mind already reaching out to Autoc and Chlorien. "Jaim," murmured the mage. "Join with me." Autoc lifted Chlorien's chin. "Look at me, child," he said softly. Chlorien's eyes met his.
Chlorien's journey back terrified her. It took considerable effort and reassurance to stabilise her. She immediately sensed Jaim's strength, his the dominant mind in hers. She finally responded to them both as she went back to the beginning of her journey and her meeting with Malekim. Their calm lack of alarm gave her security when she was confronted by the mage, and even though Autoc felt Jaim's flinch when the Gnosti realised who Chlorien was, it was rapidly gone and he stayed close.
When Malekim tried to whirl the fragile young mind into a total and all-absorbing meld with his, Chlorien felt a powerful surge that blunted the edge of her terror and desolation. When she re-lived her screaming denial of Malekim, a warm, sensitive mind rocked her gently, and quietly and firmly eased her distress. When she cowered to the ground, her mind rejecting who she was, this same mind changed despair to hope.
The torment she endured was taken and put beyond her, where she could look at it dispassionately, analyse the emotion and accept it. She rejected self-disgust. It faded. She knew the powerful minds melded with hers didn't lie, her trust in them implicit.
They took her back to Malekim and made her experience it again, only this time objectively. There was no anger, fear or raging despair, Chlorien submitting to the reality of herself in a resigned way, even able to look at Malekim without alarmed dread. All hostile emotion was removed. In time, she'd become almost philosophical about her origins, but not yet. It was too soon.
She was swept next to Cynthas, where she was held very firmly, and, even though she assured the minds holding hers that she didn't care what Bene and Cynthas had done, they refused to let her move forward. They clearly recognised the depth of anger and resentment which she didn't. Autoc held her while Jaim again took her emotions beyond her so she faced them. She vividly saw bitterness and how she blamed them both for what happened to her mother, her brothers and herself.
She tried to deny this. Jaim was firm. He repeatedly took her back until, finally, in tears, she capitulated. She surrendered to heartache and acceptance. Jaim wouldn't accept that either. He made her understand what Bene and Cynthas meant to each other, until Chlorien saw what Jaim wanted her to see - though she was very young, she learned to recognise that some emotions transcended all else. Jaim was patient but inflexible. Chlorien was allowed to move forward.
Chlorien struggled within the meld while her mother was so callously raped. Her misery and wretchedness wouldn't yield. It took all Jaim's skill to make her realise she wasn't responsible for her mother's suffering and was made to see beyond it to the joy she brought her mother. She learned, too, that sometimes out of suffering comes happiness. Autoc let Jaim work alone.
She went back to Ortok, to the pleasures of their home and to the comfort she and her siblings brought her mother and she knew she was cherished by them all. She started to understand that suffering and pain shaped individuals but was, in a cosmic sense, transitory. She accepted what she was shown and moved, sadly, on.
Jaim rested when Autoc took Chlorien to the dragons, though he stayed close. In the bowl, Chlorien's mind spun with the effort to interpret and comprehend. It was the mage who calmed and steadied her and eased bewilderment, so she could piece together, for herself, some of what happened. He answered her questions. His placidity acted as her anchor.
When Jaim and Autoc withdrew from the mindmeld, Chlorien felt only a desire for rest. She was barely conscious the mage lifted and carried her into a tent where she was carefully laid to sleep, furs tucked around her. She curled herself and went into a dreamless and peaceful sleep. Autoc lightly touched her head, then stooped to leave.
He found Jaim contemplating a flower he'd just plucked. He still held it in one hand. The mage lounged down beside him with a yawn, though he sensed tawny eyes regarded him.
"There's much you didn't tell me, mage," came the deep, measured voice. Helplessly, Autoc raised his hands, though a smile hovered about his mouth.
"I was bound by what I could do or say," he explained. A shrewd look came into the tawny eyes at that.
"Perhaps," Jaim said quietly, "it's a wise man who keeps his own counsel, mage."
Autoc gave a reluctant laugh, saying, "You put me in my place, Jaim. I accept your rebuke." Jaim pulled his pipe from his pocket.
"No rebuke, my friend, just an observation." He added with a rueful smile, "I would've done the same. Ambros is delicately poised." He reflectively lit his pipe and puffed at it.
"Are you weary, Jaim?"
"Yes, but also wondering a great deal," came the reply.
"Aye, I can imagine."
"There are depths of talent in that child, aren't there?" Autoc stretched and yawned.
"And most of it's still untapped," he agreed, on an even deeper yawn.
"In Malekim's hands..." Jaim's voice trailed off and his expression was forbidding.
"In his hands, my friend, Chlorien would be the end of Ambros as we know it." When he spoke there was no smile on Autoc's face and only bleakness in his eyes. "All Melas' children are very important but Chlorien has a link the others don't - Malekim."
"I think," suggested Jaim quietly, "we should try to rest. There's much to discuss at a later time, isn't there?"
"Aye."
"Do you sense anyone near, mage?" Autoc shook his head.
"You rest, Jaim. I'll watch over you both."
"Kind of you," murmured Jaim, his eyes already closing. They opened briefly. "Will the lad begin to heal now?" A flicker of a smile touched the mage's face.
"Thanks to your help, Jaim, that's so. He heals already and sleeps at ease."
"Good," came the faint comment as the Gnosti's eyes shut and his pipe, that had replaced the flower, fell from slack fingers. Autoc picked it up and placed it next to the small solid figure.


CHAPTER TWENTY

Goldlas rested beside Estbane. Their eyes briefly met, hers whirling in agitation and his thoughtfully. It was the young dragon who quickly broke the visual contact, her mind in turmoil, thoughts and memories tumbling in uncoordinated patterns and shifts that left her bewildered, and, at times, deeply angry. She'd been this way for many Ambrosian days since she'd melded with her daughter. Estbane continued to watch her, his voice in her mind both kind and concerned.
"Little dragon, your distress stays profound. You must try to let me help you until you begin to find yourself and reconcile your identities." Goldlas turned her head on a disconsolate hiss.
"I know who and what I am. I have memory that conflicts with my dragon being."
"That's so."
"I'm Ambrosian, Respected Elder. There can be no doubt of that?"
"None at all, dragon child. Why does this so disturb you, young one?"
"I was Melas, mate of Alfar. I've seen my child, now mature rather than as the girl she was, and I've lost both her and other children so very dear to me. Their images constantly come and disturb me, because I was torn from them so abruptly and it left them prey to cruelty. While I grieve their loss, my dragon consciousness can't understand my Ambrosian identity, because to it such things are ephemeral and even insignificant. It's too alien. They aren't to Melas."
"No," sent Estbane very gently. "No, little Ice Crystal, that's not so. You're deeply confused. It's all been too sudden. You're young and the mind is raw with transition from one state to another. The dragon consciousness doesn't dismiss your other identity or consider it less than itself. It respects that part of you because it makes up the dragon you are." He watched the young head turn from him again. "It's just that the knowledge you now have, along with the Ambrosian emotions, are new. Your dragonet consciousness also struggles to comprehend. Give yourself time to reconcile your two unique essences."
"Can they ever be reconciled?" There was a note of despair in the young voice that touched the older dragon. Estbane tilted his head. Steam issued from his mouth.
"Yes, of course, little dragon. You're another essence as well, aren't you? Does that, too, trouble you?"
"No. I'm my second Ambrosian mate, Respected Elder. He's deeply part of me."
"You now understand that. At first you didn't. He was called Bruno."
"Yes."
"He causes you no anxiety?"
"No. He's become part of my dragon consciousness in a different way. I've only come to understand that."
"It's all so soon for such a young mind as yours, little dragon. Don't be so harsh on who and what you've become." There was a long pause in Estbane's mind.
"I'll translate, won't I?"
"Yes, rare Crystal that you are. You can translate to whoever or whatever you wish to be."
"But not to who I was?"
"No, child."
"When will I know I can do this?" There was gentle mirth in the very deep, teasing voice in Goldlas' mind. She turned her head.
"Ah, little dragon, how can you ask that with the knowledge you now possess? It'll happen, as has everything else."
"Who dragon-marked me and my child?"
"That, Ice Crystal, we don't know, though we can guess. We've also established what your link is with the nymphs of northern Ambros, even if the link is both ancient and unexpected. You're a fascinating mix."
"Cynthas, my Ambrosian mother."
"Indeed. We can only guess those to whom we respond clearly saw your future and blessed you."
"It wasn't a pleasant way for us to die," sent Goldlas wistfully, flexing a wing tiredly.
"No," sent Estbane quietly. "It continues to cause you anguish, little dragonet. Let go the pain of that experience - to reconcile your two beings you must, though it is very hard for you. There'll be no inner calm until there's full acceptance. How can you expect your dragon mind to comprehend, when your Ambrosian essence is in such turbulence? Try for the balance we're trying to teach you."
"Who am I, Respected Elder?" The answer was immediate.
"You're Goldlas, Ice Crystal. You're rare and deeply cherished, just as you were on Ambros. As you continue to mature, you'll do so as Goldlas."
"I belong here?"
"You belong here, little dragon, yes. You're among your own kind."
"Will I ever bond with a Yarilan mage?" There was no hesitation.
"Not with a mage, little Crystal, no. Crystals never do."
Estbane looked across at the little dragonet, to see, for the first time, that without conscious thought she'd coloured to blue but then suddenly changed to auburn gold, her unusual violet eyes less troubled when they looked into his. He sensed a sudden easing of confusion in her mind, but knew that only time and patience would bring her to full understanding and acceptance of her destiny.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Soji came to when she felt herself pushed roughly to matting on the ground. She couldn't see anything until her eyes adjusted to the gloom and showed her she was in a small cavern somewhere in the mountains. A form loomed over her. She felt herself pushed impatiently onto her stomach so her hands could be tied very firmly behind her back, before she was hauled, even more roughly, to a sitting position against a cold wall. She was left alone, shivering, and with chattering teeth. Briefly she whimpered for Jonqi, then fell silent.
She'd no idea how long she was left there, because she had no way of telling what day or night it was. It stayed dark all the time. Her captor came back every so often with food and drink that he fed her in silence. If she attempted to speak, a hand was placed firmly over her mouth and her shoulders were shaken. She learned to be silent. After food, she was hustled to another part of the cavern where she was briefly untied, told curtly to relieve herself, the steppeman turning from her to allow her privacy. Distraught, she obeyed, her mind full of anxiety for Jonqi. Left alone again, wrists re-tied, Soji shivered and cried.
When her captor finally came without food, Soji knew she'd be moved. She was helped to her feet and pushed brusquely to the entrance, hands still tied. She stumbled when she met the light and fell to her knees, blinded. A hand jerked her to her feet.
"Don't fall again," warned a harsh, cold voice above her.
"I cannot see," she answered weakly.
"I'll guide you. Walk."
Soji's eyes streamed, but since she couldn't wipe them she simply obeyed the ungentle pressure on her shoulder and took a step forward. As she walked her vision returned and she had a clearer picture of where she was. She was on a rocky trail, but could tell they were considerably higher up the mountain than she was when these men took her. She was brought to a halt and stood still.
"Don't move," she was advised.
Soji stared at a large group of steppemen who watched her. They were unmoving and she saw no pity in their eyes. When one man stepped forward, Soji couldn't be sure if he was the man who took Jonqi from her, because they were so alike she couldn't tell them apart. The man spoke coldly.
"We decide your fate, boy claiming to be a girl," he said harshly. "Answer carefully, because what you say determines whether we execute you here, now." Soji licked her lips forlornly, but nodded, her eyes going to the wrapped bundle in the arms of one of the other steppemen. "Who are you?" The accent was different from Churchik, but Soji had no difficulty understanding the language.
"I am Soji."
"Child of?"
"Daughter of Soraya and Alleghy." Soji heard the indrawn hissing breaths and bent her head.
"Child of one of the warlord's elite warriors, are you?" The voice became a snarl. Soji shook. "Why are you here?"
"I was not sent," she managed.
"Why did you come?"
"I came to save my daughter."
"Why?"
"She was to be taken to the Keep. I could not allow that."
"You claim you're not a boy?"
Soji wondered, wretchedly, whether she'd now be subjected to the humiliation of being stripped.
"I am a girl," she whispered, thinking she no longer cared if she was to be executed. It would be preferable to any further degradation. The interrogation went on.
"Why are you dressed as a boy?"
"A girl alone would have roused suspicion. I thought it might give me a better chance of escape."
"Who do you seek to escape?"
"I wish to escape from my home."
"The Churchik?" Soji nodded and coughed. "Such as him?"
Soji stared to where the steppeman pointed and there she saw a warrior propped against the rock face to her left. She could see he was manacled to the rock, unmoving. Soji nodded.
"Who is he?" Soji wet her lips.
"I cannot tell from here."
The steppeman pushed her over to the warrior who lifted his head at her approach. She met the cold eyes of Them. She stared down to see he was stripped and bruised in a way that made Soji swallow hastily, because she knew, without being told, the steppemen had worked on him so completely this warrior was broken in all but pride. Them looked up at her grimly.
"See what you have done, girl?" he asked huskily, through dry, bloodied lips. Soji stood still, numb. She turned to the steppeman.
"What are you going to do to him?" she asked in a shaken voice. He ignored her and instead stared down at the warrior.
"We'll talk, warrior. You'll answer, again, whatever we ask of you." Them made no move. "Is this boy a girl?" Them nodded. "You say she's the child of Alleghy. Is that so?" Again, Them nodded. "Are you father to the baby?" An unexpected glint came to the usually humourless blue eyes.
"No, I am not."
"Why have you come after them, if you're not the father?"
"I serve her father. Soji was being taken to her uncle's when she escaped with the child. She killed a warrior."
"So?"
"She must die for that. I would execute her myself." The steppeman saw Soji's flinch when the warrior's pale eyes met hers. "Oh yes, little girl, make no mistake about that," Them whispered softly. "I would have done so immediately." He gave a cough that obviously hurt.
"Why was she being taken to her uncle?" Them kept silent. The voice went on, relentlessly cold. "I can speak to the girl for information but I want to hear it from you, warrior. Answer me!" When Them didn't speak, the steppeman stooped and put pressure on the warrior's throat. "You won't die just yet, warrior." Them coughed, gasped, and his voice was a hoarse whisper. Soji could tell he suffered considerable pain.
"The child is to be taken to the Keep. Soji has no right to still have the child."
"She is mine, Them. She is my daughter."
"Look where she has got you, girl. She is a curse."
"Who else has a right to her?" asked Soji.
"Presumably," whispered Them, "her father and the sorcerer."
"Who, warrior, is the child's father?" Again Them was silent. "You'll answer, warrior." The steppeman stooped for a second time. When he straightened, a strangled cry broke from Them and Soji saw that his eyes watered and he breathed very fast.
"The sorcerer's apprentice."
There was the intake of hissing breaths around them and then a long silence before the steppeman spoke again.
"Tell me, again, warrior, what happened."
Them was lathered with sweat even though the mountain air was keen and Soji could see how he laboured for breath. She'd seen agony in the eyes of dying men unlucky enough to fall into her father's hands. She saw it in Them now.
"I know little," he gasped, his lips turning blue. "I know Soji met the apprentice at Chika and -." He stopped on a choke and his eyes closed. His chest heaved.
The steppeman stooped for a third time and when he straightened, Soji could see he wiped a knife. She didn't need to look down to know Them was dead. She reflected, in panic, that his death was a quicker and cleaner one than she'd have received at his hands and expected the wiped knife would now be used on her. The steppeman came close to her.
"Now you," he said coldly, lifting her head. "What's the apprentice's name?"
"Luton."
"Why did you have his child?" Soji stood numbly, dimly aware she was shaken very hard and that a knife rested against her throat.
"Kill me," she murmured. "I do not wish to go on anymore."
"Answer me, child!" The knife at her throat moved infinitesimally.
"Luton's master sent him south to Chika, to choose a mate."
"Why you?"
"I do not know."
"How old are you?"
"Not yet seventeen cycles."
"Go on!"
"Luton kept me captive until I became -." Soji's voice broke and became suspended with tears. She sank to the ground with an inarticulate gasp. She crouched. Having to speak of her ordeal brought it all back with horrifying clarity. She was aware someone crouched by her and felt her chin lifted, even as her bonds were cut. The knife was gone.
"The child doesn't resemble you." Soji shook her head. "She favours the father?" She nodded and was eased to her feet. When she looked up at the steppemen, she saw a hint of pity in his eyes but he didn't smile. "And then?"
"After Luton, Haskar Kher took me back to my father. We were told Jonqi was to go to the Keep within five seasons."
"Who is Haskar Kher?"
"Luton travels with him."
"Why wait now to escape?"
"I was in Dahkilah. Where could I have gone?"
"So you came to us?" Soji shook her head.
"I came to the mountains," she whispered. "They called me."
"What do you mean they called you?"
"I often saw them and a woman within them."
"What does she look like?"
"She is older, tall, with long white hair and gray eyes that comfort me and she has her hands out in welcome."
At a signal, the other steppemen came forward and the one holding Jonqi handed the child to Soji. Jonqi smiled contentedly up at her, her thumb in her mouth.
"You'd best stay as a boy. We travel hard." The steppeman gave Soji a push. "We have your horse ready. Come, girl."
~~~
The ride wasn't easy because the trail became slippery and treacherous. Luton could've warned Soji about mountain conditions. If Soji slowed because she was unsure of the horse's footing, she found a steppeman drew in behind her to keep her horse to the pace. There was no menace in the action, but it made Soji nervous.
Their stops were brief. Soji was left to kneel in a cavern off the trail while she attended to Jonqi. The steppemen kept their distance and watched, though Soji saw no hostility in their gaze, merely curiosity or indifference. Soji ate very little, because she had no appetite and was unable to stop shivering. After two days of hard riding and bone-chilling cold, Soji found herself at the top of this particular pass, but the steppemen didn't stop to admire the view, Soji moved on again with an impatient shove.
She found the downward trek trickier than the climb up. Her horse slithered, and, like the others, she often had to clamber down and lead her mount, conscious how high up they were. By the end of the following day she shook with fatigue and on-creeping illness, burned hot and feverishly yet at the same time shivered, and her vision frequently blurred. She stumbled, only to get a peremptory push from whoever was behind her and she shivered incessantly, her fingers numb when she cared for Jonqi. Her feet felt like lead. In the evenings she huddled miserably in cloaks, barely able to eat.
Two days later the plains sprawled out below them, only a short distance away. It took a sheer effort of will for Soji to sit straight in the saddle, her eyes staring blankly ahead and her horse obligingly keeping in step with the other riders. What Soji did notice was huge tracts of land, harshly burned in the past, came back to life. The sun warmed her but her teeth chattered and her head ached. When she glanced down at Jonqi, soundly asleep with her little fist in her mouth, a sad smile curled Soji's lips and she swayed as she rode. She was very pale and very thin. She hadn't eaten for two days because food made her nauseous. She looked like an under-nourished Churchik boy or a slave. Those with her noticed but kept the pace fast.
Once the plains were reached, the pace accelerated again. Soji clenched her teeth and forced her mount to keep up with the steppemen, even though she knew it was hard on the animal because it lacked the speed and stamina of the steppe horses. They only stopped once this day, so that Jonqi and the horses could be cared for and her mount was given extra water and feed.
It was early evening before they stopped again. Through a haze of pain and cold, Soji thought she could see they'd reached some sort of temporary settlement where there were literally dozens of hide tents that stretched around and out from a huge central area. When the steppemen approached, at full gallop, tall slender boys ran out to them, hands out to take reins. They paused at Soji's horse, then as one drew back.
One of her rescuers said sharply, "Get down. I'll take the child." Soji slipped trembling to the ground that seemed to come up and meet her. She could scarcely stand. "Remain where you are," barked the voice.
Too ill and weary to protest, Soji clung to the saddle for support until a hand grasped her arm and yanked her forward. She followed, her head spinning uncomfortably. She tried to keep up with whoever held her, until she found herself unceremoniously thrust into the centre of the camp where a huge fire burned. Soji couldn't see anyone in particular. She just stood still, head bowed, her breathing very rapid and shallow. A quiet voice beside her spoke calmly.
"Sit by the fire, lad. You're cold."
Soji sank to the ground where she was. She felt her face turned and tried to look wearily, but with unfocused eyes, into the face of the man who touched her.
"Get Sagi quickly," said the quiet voice again. "And bring me cloaks and a cup of meras. Child, I think you're very ill. Can't you get warm?"
Soji shook her head. Her breathing became more stressed and laboured. She wheezed in considerable distress. A shudder shook her. The steppeman looked deeply into her eyes, his gray ones as tranquil as an untroubled sea, then, when he let her go, her head drooped. She knew he drew cloaks about her and placed a cup in her hands.
"Drink, lad," the voice said again. "It'll help to warm you." She tipped the cup, choking a little because the liquid had a pungent odour. "Drink it," she was told again.
She swallowed obediently. The cup fell from her hands as the man gathered her in strong arms and held her as though she weighed nothing. Her lungs heaved. Her head fell back on the man's chest.
Soji felt cool hands run across her head and face, while other hands sponged her and then made her swallow liquid that was persistently dripped into her mouth. She fought any effort to disrobe her. She heard a chuckle above her when the quiet deep voice she'd heard at the fire spoke.
"Now why would a lad fight to be clothed, do you think? Is it because of you, Sagi? Churchik modesty?" A deep feminine chuckle greeted that as two pairs of hands stripped Soji, even though the girl clutched at the breeches.
"Not a lad at all," came the male voice in mild surprise. "A girl child and a not very old one at that. Well, well!"
"Young or not," said the female voice, "she's given birth very early, especially for a Churchik who are, usually, at least seventeen cycles before marri."
"Interesting, Sagi, isn't it? What do you wish me to do for the child?"
"Keep her quiet while I sponge her. We must try to reduce the fever."
While the talk went on around her, Soji sensed hands work gently and swiftly. Delirium made her fuzzy surroundings spin in slow motion.
"What ails the child?" came the quiet voice. "There's profound fear here."
"Quietly, child," murmured the woman. "No one will hurt you."
"He did," moaned Soji. "He must not do the same to Jonqi."
Her body curled away from those near her. The man very gently pulled her onto her back, his free hand stroking a hot cheek.
"Hush, child," he whispered. "We won't hurt you and no one will harm Jonqi."
"Do not touch me," whispered Soji, her hands clutching at his and gripping so strongly the man stayed still beside her.
"You won't be hurt, child," he said soothingly.
Soji was clad in a long, soft robe that wrapped her in warmth, before she was carefully lifted up on cushions so her breathing eased. Drifting asleep, she felt covers tucked about her and sighed.
Sagi stood beside the mattress, her gray eyes deeply concerned. The man, still crouched on the ground, looked up at the troubled face.
"Is this the girl of your seeing, Sagi?"
"Yes," said Sagi absently. "I didn't recognise her at first and not just because she came as a boy. She's altered much from my last seeing of her two cycles ago."
"You wouldn't expect her to come as a lad any more than I did. That she has, suggests she's been forced to flee - I wonder why. I'm also concerned this child's badly hurt." The man paused, his glance up at Sagi pensive before he went on, "And the child that was brought straight to you?"
"She's as I saw. She's exactly as expected."
"It seems we came in response to your last seeing barely in time. Another day and this child may not have survived."
"She's seriously ill. You need to send for Setoni."
"I already have," responded the man imperturbably. "When we came south, I sent for him. He should be here shortly."
"I'll care for the girl until he comes, but I'm not a trained healer. It would be wise to keep the child from the mother until we see signs of recovery."
"As you wish, Sagi." The man rose. He left the obtusa noiselessly, leaving Sagi staring down at the still form and the paper-white, thin face.
~~~
Soji woke feeling serene and warmly comfortable, the fever that tormented her gone and the obtusa she was in no longer rose and fell. She coughed, then turned her head. Her eyes settled on an older man she judged was a southerner. When her vision cleared properly she saw he wasn't a tall man, but slight and with pale translucent eyes. Soji knew she looked on a healer.
Though he had his head averted when she first opened her eyes, the man knew she was awake and he came quietly to crouch beside her. Calmly he took her hand in his, his expression gentle. She was unafraid.
"I'm relieved to see you awake, girl," he said in a well-modulated voice, his eyes looking deeply into hers. "And the delirium's gone, hasn't it?"
"Yes," whispered Soji. "I am warm, I thank you."
"You've been very ill, child, and must rest for a little while yet. You must've caught a chill in the mountains."
"How long have I been ill?"
"You've been feverish for two days, child. Sagi cared for you until I could reach you a night ago. I've cared for you since. Can you tell me your name?"
"I am Soji, daughter of Soraya and Alleghy."
"And you're Churchik?"
"Yes."
"You were lucky to be found in the mountains, Soji. Though it's spring, you may not have survived the cold."
"Jonqi?"
"Your daughter's well. Would you like to see her? You can do little for her because you're too weak, but the little one will be happy to see her mother." Soji nodded.
The healer went to the entrance and spoke briefly, before he turned back and went across to a table where Soji could see he made an infusion of some sort. She was distracted from idly watching him, by the entrance of a tall, raw-boned woman with long, white hair that cascaded from a knot on the crown of her head. She had soft gray eyes that thoughtfully scanned Soji when she knelt and handed the girl her child.
When it was clear that Soji had no strength to hold Jonqi, the woman placed the little girl on the covers beside her mother, so Soji could stroke the thickening mop of dusky curls. Jonqi smiled up at Soji, her dark eyes content and placid. The woman curled up on the ground and watched mother and child, then, when Soji glanced at her and smiled, Sagi smiled in return. No one spoke for some time.
"I'm Sagi," she said softly, after a while. "Asok called me when he realised you were so ill."
"The man by the fire?"
"The man by the fire," agreed Sagi.
"You cared for me," whispered Soji. "I wish to thank you."
"I did what I could until Setoni came," the older woman said calmly, her eyes going to the healer who came forward.
"Enough now, Sagi. Soji can see Jonqi again later. I wish her to rest."
Sagi lifted Jonqi into her arms and quietly left the obtusa as the healer knelt next to Soji and held out a cup.
"Drink this, child. You'll need to take medicine for some days. Then I want you to sleep."
"You have cared for me," whispered Soji, dutifully upending the cup and drinking. She paused with a grimace, but under the watchful clear eyes she obediently drained the cup and handed it back. "My people tried to destroy yours, so why are you saving me?"
"We heal, child, we don't destroy," came the quiet voice. "Lie back now and put your arms under the covers." Soji did so, blinking muzzily at the face above her. "Now, child, you'll sleep some more for me, won't you?"
"Yes," mumbled Soji sleepily.
"You'll dream more as you heal, child, but don't be afraid and let the visions come. They won't harm you either. Do your people know you're a seer, child?"
"No," came the faint murmur. "I told no one."
"Wise girl," said Setoni, his smile at the dozing figure a broad one. "You're an unusual child, Soji. Rest for me. Let sleep come." Soji's eyes closed. He left the obtusa.
He found Sagi waiting for him and greeted her with a tired yawn.
"You're tired, Setoni," she observed amused.
"Indeed," he sighed. "I didn't waste time reaching you and when your messenger met up with us half a day from here, we moved even faster."
"Such a way to treat a healer," teased Sagi, seeing the responsive twinkle in his eyes.
"Tell me, Sagi," he said more seriously. "Did that child see while you were with her?"
"Ah," said Sagi, with sudden comprehension. "I wondered if what she screamed in delirium was dreaming or sight. So she's a seer?"
"A very recent one. She doesn't understand at all. She tells me no one knew she had this gift. It's an oddity it should come out so many generations on, in one of the southern tribes and in a girl." Sagi looked blank and Setoni had to grin.
"What are you talking about?"
"Long ago, Sagi, seers like you were deeply revered. Then they were reviled and slaughtered." Setoni saw Sagi flinch. "Yes, Sagi, I know. Later, some southern folks decided those born with talent shouldn't be instantly executed, but treated with respect and learned from before it was too late."
"What happened?"
"It was too late. Fewer and fewer were born," murmured Setoni sadly. "In Churchik society, truth-seekers are well accepted, possibly even revered, and seers are tolerated because they're both rare and useful, but they've had few females with either talent. Some experience has brought Soji's talents sharply into focus."
"She's been badly hurt."
"Yes," agreed Setoni heavily. "She has. She's suffered too much for one so young."
"If you wish to accompany me, Setoni, we'll go to Asok and discuss what we've learned of her so far."
~~~
The three sat quietly, cross-legged in the steppe way, each on a woven mat. Setoni drank his wine reflectively, Asok sat quite still, his gray eyes unreadable, and Sagi watched each of them in turn. Asok was speaking.
"We sent out a patrol to the other side of the mountains, because as you know, Setoni, we were concerned about the urgency of Sagi's seeing. We could think of no other direction the child could come, nor did we know whether said child would be accompanied by the girl of Sagi's seeing, or whether it might be abandoned at the mountains. We had little to go on." Setoni nodded his understanding. "Our patrol found a Churchik boy, with the child, on the Kerulen-Nuur side of the mountains. The boy was alone and just starting up the trail, pursued by six Churchik warriors. It wasn't realised Soji was a girl. She was nearly left to the warriors until she said the child was hers. The patrol with Samplok recognised the description of the child, Setoni, and immediately took her, but it was only when Soji begged our people not to let the sorcerer at the Keep have the child, that Samplok began to have second thoughts about her. All this I've gleaned from a long discussion with Samplok."
"Thanks to the gods he did," murmured Setoni. Asok smiled at him.
"Soji said she'd be executed if taken and, I gather, threatened to cut her throat before the warriors could get to her." Setoni's lips tightened as he watched Asok drink. "From all accounts Soji killed a warrior in her escape. Both she and the child were taken to safety, though Soji wasn't, I'm sorry to say, treated with gentleness. She was tied and then left imprisoned in a cave for two days. The patrol worked on the one warrior they let live. The girl called him Them. He was remarkably difficult to adjust, I gather." Sagi had a grim smile on her lips, but Setoni winced. Asok ignored him. "When the warrior was, shall we say, malleable, the girl was brought out and they were questioned together to see if indeed Soji told the truth. Them was the head of an execution squad." Asok saw a deeper flinch from the healer and continued, his eyes narrowing. "I believe the girl was deeply shaken when the warrior said he'd have led the execution himself - the punishment, I'm told, for murdering a warrior, is very slow and savagely cruel." Sagi saw Setoni pale and thoughtfully refilled his cup. "The girl was being escorted to her uncle's, where she was to have her daughter removed. Jonqi was to be taken to the sorcerer at the Keep." There was a long silence while the three of them thought through the implications of this. When Asok resumed, Setoni cleared his throat. "Under duress, the warrior told Samplok the small child's father is the sorcerer's apprentice named Luton. We gather, from listening to Soji's delirium, that this youth's a slave sent south to mate. He chose Soji. We don't know why she was chosen, nor does she." Asok stopped and calmly sipped his wine. He nodded at Sagi.
"This apprentice, Setoni," she began very quietly, "has no emotions. No one from the Keep has. As you may suspect, all are mutes." Setoni nodded and swallowed hard. "Soji was kept with this youth until she conceived." Sagi saw horror in the healer's eyes. "The experience understandably harrowed her especially as she was only fifteen cycles, yet she bears the youth no ill-will. I sense she profoundly pities him. She was told the child would be taken to the Keep to Luton's master at the age of five seasons."
"No!" burst out Setoni. "How could anyone suggest such a thing?"
"A sorcerer who has the south in thrall could," said Asok coolly.
"We imagine the little girl would've been made a mute slave like her father and submissive to the will of the sorcerer," said Sagi. "What we don't know, is why all this was planned and executed."
"It's evil," muttered Setoni, unaware of Asok's curious glance.
"Soji was taken back to Dahkilah where her father is overlord at Elibera. There she waited and planned. When he was called north to the warlord, Soji was sent southeast and that was when she planned what she was going to do. She did kill a warrior." Sagi spoke with a degree of satisfaction. "She seduced him, then cut his throat and escaped that night. Though," added Sagi pensively, "I suspect she'd no thought of where she was going, other than try to reach mountains she said she dreamed of for seasons. She also saw me."
There was a profound and contemplative silence. It was Setoni who broke it.
"The child's unlike the mother."
"Perhaps," said Sagi. "She's her father in colour of eyes and hair, I grant you that, but the shape of the eyes and the fairness of the skin are very much the mother. I see a strong resemblance to Soji."
"Who" asked Setoni musingly, "could possibly want such a young child?" Sagi and Asok both shrugged. Then Asok's eyes settled on the healer with interest. "And this sorcerer. I wonder."
"Not a sorcerer at all," suggested Asok, watching when the healer's head jerked up. "He's a mage of some power."
"So this is the southern mage I hear so much about," murmured Setoni, aware of discomfort and leaning back on his elbows. He was also aware of Asok's scrutiny, but carefully ignored it. "How long has he had this slave?" Sagi and Asok exchanged glances.
"From what I can gather, Luton was escorted by a haskar, called Kher, who handed the slave over to the sorcerer, three, maybe four, cycles ago." Sagi went quiet, looking over at Asok for confirmation.
"I guess that's so," he responded, in his quiet, deep voice.
"And he's mute?"
"Soji says so."
"And he's dark, like the child?"
"The description gives us a picture of a very tall young man, thin, with dark eyes and black curly hair."
"Interesting," commented Setoni ruminatively. "He sounds like an enslaved northman." Asok said nothing and Sagi watched the healer. "And the name's Luton?" Sagi nodded. "Yes, northern. That's not a southern name." Setoni went into a brown study, his eyes slowly closed. Sagi could tell he mulled over all he'd learned. He remained that way for some time, then his eyes opened.
"When exactly did the girl begin to see?"
"While she carried the child." Setoni sat and brooded over that as well. Asok moved slightly.
"What do we do with the girl?" he asked. "Could she endanger us? An angered mage is nothing to scoff at."
"No," agreed Setoni, rising stiffly. "Leave it with me, my friend." He waved his hands at Asok. "I must think on this before I answer you. She may have to be moved north."
"Will they welcome her as we do?" Sagi touched Asok's arm.
"We must try to do all we can for her," she said softly. "She deserves that." A smile lit Asok's stern gray eyes.
"You believe there's something about her, don't you?" Sagi gave a slight shiver.
"She has the sight as I do. She's as bound to us as we are to her, Asok. She must be protected and cherished. We must also care for the child. That's critical." Asok held the hand gripping his arm. The smile was still in his eyes, but his voice was serious.
"If that's how you read things, so be it." He rose gracefully and silently left the obtusa. Sagi stared at the reflective healer.
"What do you wish me to do, Setoni?"
"Care for the little one, Sagi, while I work to bring Soji back to health. If there's a move north, I'll accompany both the child and the mother."
"There's something about them, isn't there?"
"Oh yes," replied the healer absently.
~~~
Alone in his obtusa, Setoni closed his eyes briefly as he sent gently. He didn't have long to wait before he sensed the cold awareness of the Mishtok flood his consciousness.
"Reverence," he sent.
"Adept. Are you well?"
"Yes, thank you, Monseignore."
"Why have you called?"
"Cycles ago you asked me about a boy you knew travelled south in a slave caravan. We lost track of him for a while after he travelled with the warrior called Kher and then disappeared."
"That's so."
"Could you describe the boy again for me?"
"The boy was twelve cycles when he was taken from Ortok, a city-state of the Samar Confederation."
"He's a northern boy."
"Yes. The boy has the looks of his brothers, tall and slender of build, with dark hair and dark eyes."
"What's the boy's name again, Reverence?"
"If he's still alive, Adept, the child was named Luton though he answered to Lute."
"Was he mute?" There was a long silence before the voice came back into Setoni's mind.
"I believe he'd become so, yes. Why do you ask?"
"Because, Monseignore, we've found him again." There was another profound silence. The Mishtok's voice was pensive.
"Open to me, Adept." The joining was brief, but Setoni was aware of the acuteness of the mind in his and gave a faint sigh at its withdrawal. "How badly damaged is this youth?"
"From what I've gathered, Reverence, Luton has no memory other than to the day he was taken to the Keep and knows no emotions. I believe he suffers severe punishment if he fails his master."
"Has he any of his own being intact?"
"I can't say."
"No." The Mishtok's voice was contemplative. "Where is he now?"
"At the Keep."
"Keep me apprised of any move he may make, this apprentice."
"Yes, Reverence."
"I noted in our meld that you have grave suspicions about the southern mage, Setoni."
"Yes, Monseignore, that's true."
"You won't let those thoughts go beyond our discussion. You must say nothing of this."
"I wouldn't, Reverence. What do you wish me to do?"
"You say the girl's a seer. That's an oddity in itself."
"She's untrained, but the potential's there and her talent runs very deep. She sees Luton, often."
"Sagi must take the girl and begin her training. An untutored seer running amok is dangerous. She may tell us where the apprentice goes and how he fares."
"And the little one?"
"Ah!" The Mishtok seemed to have gone, but Setoni stayed still and waited. "She must go north to the Shadowlands." The Mishtok read Setoni's apprehension and the voice, usually so cold and remote, was unexpectedly mellow. "They always accept those who have part of them, as it seems she does. Get them moving, because the southern mage, my friend, won't be dilatory in his anger. Until later, Adept."
The Mishtok was gone. Setoni, usually so placid, was left staring at the ground, his mind not in its customary ordered state. He felt he had much to ponder.
~~~
It was later that evening, after he'd tended to Soji, that the healer stooped and stood just inside Asok's obtusa. Asok sat in his usual pose, his son Asokin opposite, a game board between them. Asok raised a hand in greeting while Asokin rose and immediately withdrew. Asok gestured to where the boy had sat.
"Your move," he said affably. Setoni sat and studied the board for a few minutes, then, with an imperceptible sigh he made a move, his hand hesitating over the piece. Asok shook his head at the move, then his cool gray eyes lifted to observe Setoni.
"What, healer, do we do with Soji?"
"Like Sagi, she's a seer. Could Sagi not care for and train her as the girl's strength returns? An untrained seer is a danger to herself and others. She can't be left to harm herself or us."
"Us?" queried Asok, his eyes never moving from the healer's face.
"I'll stay," responded Setoni.
"That doesn't surprise me, but I'd like to know why you do, healer."
"You may have need of me."
"And you don't answer me," replied Asok very gently.
"I can't fully answer you."
"Can't, my friend, or won't?"
"Asok, I'd never endanger you or yours, you must know that."
"I know that, Setoni, but there's much more to this girl and child than first appears, isn't there?" Setoni gave a reluctant nod. "So, healer, what's your advice?"
"We move north to the Shadowlands." Asok and Setoni held each other's glances for a very long time.
"I see," said the steppeman, in his unruffled deep voice. Setoni was relieved when Asok turned his attention to the board. "When?"
"As soon as possible. Soji will be able to ride for short spells within ten days."
"As soon as that?" questioned Asok in an abstracted way. His voice was serious, the eyes that lifted to Setoni's intent and perceptive. "I'll order a general move upon your order, healer, a few travelling with us, but most of those here back in the cities."
"I don't wish you to make any move that would expose the steppes to attack," said Setoni, chewing on his lower lip. The gray eyes surveyed him with affectionate amusement.
"We'd never do that, now would we?" Setoni felt slightly foolish and even more so when Asok turned his attention to the board and moved his piece. "You see, we don't take chances," the quiet voice said, as Asok closed the board with a snap. "That wasn't a wise move, my friend, was it?" When Setoni looked up, he heard a deep chuckle.


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Dramas settled amidst a cloud of dust that sprayed up when a dragon landed. He was on moorland that stretched out flat into the distance, though far away Dramas could see the faint outline of trees. They were too remote for the mage, who slowly and painfully clambered down the dragon's side and now stood, leaning on him for support, his breath curling in the cool air.
Dramas swivelled his head, his eyes meeting Bene's.
"Archmage, it's too far for you to travel."
"Nonsense," sent back Bene testily, heaving himself upright and transferring his weight so he managed to stand upright.
"Are you telling me," contradicted the dragon, half-jestingly, "you propose to walk, or more probably, hobble, that far?" Bene touched the dragon's head affectionately and when their eyes met, Dramas felt the power of his mage's love.
"You know, Dramas, I can't walk any distance any longer," he sent gently.
He raised his arms from his sides and his image instantly blurred. It formed into a magnificent white and blue swandrah that flew effortlessly up and above the huge dragon head, Dramas' whirling eyes watching the beautiful bird appreciatively. When the swandrah came close, Dramas saw plumage, always so pristine white, now had silver through the blue. Sadly, he knew his mage aged and at a suddenly accelerated pace. The swandrah settled a little clumsily on the ground in front of the dragon, its head cocked to one side.
"My landings are rough," sent Bene. "Such is the curse of old age and unsteady legs. I'll bespeak you, Dramas."
"As always, I await your call, Archmage," responded Dramas, bending his head so his nostrils were very close to the swandrah. "Bene," he sent softly. "Bene."
The bird rose in the air, its wing-beat strong. The dragon watched until it faded into the distance as a blur, before he rose, banked steeply and disappeared in the opposite direction.
Bene was well into the forest before he alighted. As was the case these days, his talons didn't grip as firmly as he hoped and he missed the first branch. Annoyed, he concentrated on the next one and made a secure landing, resting only a short while before he flew again, his flying effortless for mile after mile.
He travelled for ten days, before he well-nigh crash-landed in a partly wooded meadow that showed signs of early spring. Irritably, Bene translated. He rubbed his left knee with aggrieved mutterings. He spent time walking stiffly around, until he spied a copse on the far side of the meadow where he could cut himself a stick. There he sank to the ground to whittle himself a serviceable staff. Once it was finished he gave a sigh, rose even more stiffly, and, grumbling imprecations to himself, began to walk haltingly forward.
He'd not gone any distance before he found himself confronted by a rank of Shadowlanders, arrows drawn menacingly back despite his obviously venerable age. He stopped, leaned heavily on the staff and his eyes interestedly surveyed those who stood before him.
"Arthwein," he said politely. "Ker inkth mayl. Ker Burelkin, Benhloriel."
The men and women looked astonished, one of the men stepping closer to the old man, his eyes incredulous.
"Ancient One? Can it be? It's so long since you've been home. Are you indeed Benhloriel? Arthwein ker stith leyr, Burelkin."
The man went to his knees as did those behind him, their heads bowed, as one, in deepest reverence. Bene's eyes twinkled appreciatively, but his voice was very quiet and gentle.
"Erth kwyl llthu?" First one head came up, then the others, as they all looked up in response.
"Welcome, Burelkin," they chorused as they stood again.
"It's so long since we've seen you so close to your home, brother of our ancestral patriarch. We so welcome you, Archmage. Where've you been these long cycles?" asked another.
"I'm so very happy to be here at last," sighed Bene, taking a faltering step. Immediately, hands went forward to support him. "Ker imlis lker," he murmured, pleasure and contentment in his voice. "Take me home to Floronderiel."
~~~
Bene looked at Floronderiel with its crystal structure and delicacy of architecture, and a wave of profound relief and delight swept over him. As he approached the city of his youth, the limp that troubled and plagued him eased and he discarded the staff he'd used for support. There was almost a spring in his step when he walked up to the main gate, his hands carefully caressing the intricately carved entrance way. He paused and breathed deeply. Then he entered his spiritual home. Those with him smiled and melted away.
~~~
Bene was in no hurry to leave Floronderiel. His stay was joyous. He was tended with love and care, gray eyes smiling at him wherever he walked, but though he rested he was troubled by premonitions that woke him, sweating, in the middle of the night - he'd go over the dreams by day, but got no answers.
His days were spent pleasantly. He passed them reading the ancient texts that lined the walls of the library and Scholarum, sitting for hours with scrolls and manuscripts spread out before him, his white hair as unruly as ever and a long, thin hand stroking meditatively at his silvery beard. His eyes were keen and content. But it became obvious his reading wasn't random. It was methodical. The Archmage sought something he clearly found elusive.
Sometimes he acceded to the gentle pressure for him to talk or teach, his most constant audience the direct descendants of Chloronderiel, who clustered about him, cross-legged, their gray eyes serious as they regarded him and listened. Others came and went, but always those gathered about the Archmage sat in awed silence, his words hanging briefly in the air and then followed quietly by more. When he asked questions, as he invariably did, they were answered shyly with clarity of thought and perception.
His evenings were with whoever was around at the time, but there were always the descendants who wished to be near and to share his company. Bene sat comfortably, a tankard of mead in his hands, while he listened to pipes that stirred very deep memories, some of a lost father, and to the voices that recounted tales from long ago or sang ancient melodies. Once, those about him saw him twist a ring on his finger and look long at it. If they were outside, he watched the shadows of the dancers as they flicked in and out of lights that wavered in the breeze and recalled similar evenings when he was young and danced as they did today. Remembrance caused no pain, nor a wish to go back; instead, it gave Bene renewed pleasure and he felt profoundly at peace. The Shadowlanders watched, saw his calm content and sensed his well-being. They never spoke but nodded among themselves.
~~~
The weeks passed. Bene made no effort to leave. His dreams continued to trouble him, but he still had no answers as he stooped low over tables and fossicked through ancient scripts, still obviously searching for something elusive. One morning he woke early, in a cold sweat, from a nightmare that clearly haunted him. He was white-lipped. The serenity of his expression was ruffled by a jarring frown that wouldn't lift.
Scowling to himself, Bene made his way to the Scholarum. It was still very early, few people about. He walked inside and strode restlessly up and down, trying to marshal thoughts chaotic and disturbing in a way highly unusual for an Archmage of Yarilo. Every so often Bene stared at the walls lined with books, manuscripts, scrolls and archives from antiquity, and when he did, he felt an ache that wouldn't leave him. He decided, abruptly, he didn't know why, that all this ancient knowledge couldn't remain where it was. This fore-knowledge shook the Archmage. It made him shiver, first with apprehension, and then with deep welling sadness that made him sit at a table, his white head bent in his arms as he wept. Any who saw him moved silently away, their faces concerned, because, when the Archmage lifted his head, the expression was one no one who saw it could forget.
Later that day, Bene went back to the Scholarum and sat where he usually worked, but this time he seemed to know what he sought and his rifling through scripts was purposeful and deliberate. Again he looked at the ring, looked back to a script and sudden recognition was reflected in his shocked, stunned response. He sat motionless for a very long time, his head again on his arms, before he rose and quietly put the script back on a shelf and left the Scholarum slowly and thoughtfully.
The following morning Bene was back, again carefully scanning scrolls, but in a manner that suggested he knew what he sought. When at last he found what he'd been looking for he smiled thoughtfully, read it before writing on it, then very carefully wrapped the scroll in soft skin, tied it and quietly placed it back where he'd found it.
He rose and quickly crossed to speak to the Guardian of the Scrolls who neatly annotated a manuscript, his writing a beautiful work of art in itself. Endorion looked up, his lined face welcoming. He placed his pen to one side and slewed in his seat, his gray eyes enquiring.
"Burelkin," he said, in the soft tones all Shadowlanders reserved for one such as Bene. It spoke of reverence and deepest respect bordering on awe.
"Endorion," began Bene, in a voice that shook and not just with urgency. "Times such as Ambros hasn't known are coming." The Archmage rubbed his hand across his eyes, aware of moisture in them. "I can give you no good reason why I say this, Endorion, but I gravely fear for the treasure that's Floronderiel."
Endorion looked up into a face he knew he'd never understand if he lived to be a thousand cycles and there he saw an emotion that made his voice as unsteady as Bene's.
"What are you telling me, Burelkin?" he asked hoarsely.
"All this," Bene gestured at the Scholarum and beyond to the huge library that was such a vast repository of knowledge, "must be moved." The Guardian looked shocked, his face as grave as Bene's.
"All of this?" he uttered, looking about him helplessly.
"There's Shadoliokel, in the eastern Shadowlands, where all will be safe," said the Archmage, stroking his beard. He read the Guardian's agitation and smiled in gentle sympathy and understanding. "I understand your consternation, Endorion, nor do I underestimate what's involved, but it must be." He gave a convulsive shiver that the Guardian didn't miss. "And it must be done in haste. We've little time. I pray to the gods I'm not too late." Bene turned and strode to the door and then paused, looking back. "Shadoliokel is where it must go, Endorion." This was accepted by the Guardian without a blink. "And you," Bene added, very gently. "You must go, Endorion, as the Ambrosian Keeper of Knowledge, because you're unique. You were trained as a child and you must be there to teach your successor. You can't stay here much longer either."
Endorion looked hard at the Archmage, then with a faint nod showed his acquiescence.
~~~
When the Archmage finally watched Endorion leave Floronderiel, some time later, he walked over to the Guardian and stood next to the horse Endorion rode. The Guardian looked down, but not very far, because the Archmage was so tall.
"Endorion, a young man will come to you at Shadoliokel. You'll find he's a seeker of knowledge and truth. Ask him of his origins and you'll know, though I can't tell you how, that he's the one of whom I speak. Teach and guide him. You'll find his talent unusual."
"Can you tell me no more?" asked the Guardian, his fine eyes troubled. "Not even, Burelkin, what he looks like?" Bene shook his head.
"You may even think you've met him before because his looks will be so familiar. He has perception beyond what you'd expect of an Ambrosian. He already has much wisdom, but doesn't know that yet either." The Guardian looked down at the old man with a half-smile.
"And do I offer him all that's known?"
"Everything, Endorion. He'll know everything in time."
"Is this all you have to say to me, Ancient One?" The gray eyes still looked worried. Bene shook his head again and the Guardian saw the large and unusual violet eyes light up briefly.
"No," murmured Bene. "Later, other young men will come and they'll also seek knowledge and enlightenment. Guide them as well. One of them will be a musician if he survives. You'll think you know him too - maybe you do. A youth will come because you'll know to call him, but he won't be what you expect, Endorion. But when you ask him his origins, you'll have no doubts that he's come, not just to learn like the first young one who comes, but to be taught, only by you. He'll have unusual gifts and be of north and south Ambros. It's his destiny, if he too survives." Bene sighed. "If any of them do, Endorion." His voice sounded very tired. "He'll follow you, Endorion, so teach him wisely and well. I even think, like the others, you may feel you know him too. In a way, that may be so."
"Burelkin," whispered Endorion. "I wouldn't fail you." Bene took the hand held down to him and there was warmth in the look he gave the Guardian.
"Blessings on you, Endorion. You're an excellent Keeper and have been for many hundreds of cycles."
"Until you come to your home again, Burelkin."
"If it could but be," murmured Bene. He released the hand and gestured the leading animals forward as he spoke so Endorion didn't hear him clearly.
~~~
It was obvious Bene was reluctant to leave Floronderiel and was afraid of something that profoundly troubled him. The descendants studied him in concern after they watched the departure of the Keeper, and were unsurprised, but sorrowful, when a week later Bene said he had to go. Their veneration of him showed in their eyes and gestures of affection, their touch more homage than anything else. Here, he was revered.
But now they sensed his unspoken distress. The evensong they chanted and sang that final evening was evocative and haunting, because it was a sad acceptance of his going. To their surprise and pleasure, Bene joined in their music, his voice a deep bass that seemed out of place in such a frail frame. It was a long time since he'd sung and he felt spiritually uplifted, and, again, oddly at peace. The Shadowlanders saw the peace they'd come to expect on his face as he slept - one of them, as they'd done every night, kept silent vigil beside his bed. This night it was the Aelkin himself who sat wide awake, his eyes never leaving Bene's face.
The next morning, Bene rose early, and, accompanied by the eldest descendant, walked from Floronderiel and beyond the gates, where he paused and stood staring backwards for a long time. His walk was strong and fast and the Aelkin was amused that he had to stride to keep up.
A mile beyond the city, Bene came to a halt and the two men looked far into the distance, the forest around them silent. Bene glanced across at the Aelkin whose look was abstracted.
"You're farseeing, Indariol," he said quietly. "Chloronderiel's children, and their children, have learned well. You've ensured their knowledge is preserved for each succeeding generation." Indariol looked at Bene, his gray eyes soft but subdued.
"It's our loss that you leave us, Burelkin. Something grieves you. It touches us. We feel it. Must you go?"
"Yes, it's time," mused Bene, his violet eyes searching the gray ones. "Remember what we've discussed, you and I, and carry through what must be."
"There's no question of that, Ancient One. All will be done as you ask, even to the building of a Floronderiel in the east. That's already begun, since we have your advice and the records of the ancients to show how it was done. But it'll take us time, Burelkin."
"It'll be your life-time, boy," said Bene gently. He stared out to the forest, then turned again to Indariol. "Remember the girl who comes to learn that which only elkinkind can teach her; elkin wisdom is based on ancient knowledge. Shield her and help her to learn, because she's young and vulnerable. She won't be alone. Later, she'll have great need of you. It's critical she's nurtured and cherished as she learns, though she'll have much wisdom from her years with Ortoriol."
"Ortoriol," breathed Indariol. "It's long since we've seen him, Burelkin. It'll be done."
"Others will also come, some who'll astonish you and make you wonder, but I ask you to welcome them as your kin, as am I. You'll find this no hardship and much will be learned by all as the result. Watch for the man who comes first to Endorion, then watch, too, for the boy who follows him. Then keep looking for the boy who will hear little and say less."
"Burelkin, as your kin, I honour you and your wishes will be followed. All our kin will be cherished and nourished here." Bene turned to face Indariol.
"Times to come are troublesome, Indariol. I can't be precise about what will happen, but you must know elkinkind won't be untouched. If it was within my power to protect you I wouldn't hesitate, but I have limits. I can see only profound grief and loss. I've stayed over-long as it is because this is, and always has been, my home. Remember, boy, to be alert to all nuances, in all things."
"I'll remember." Indariol bent his head, observing in a melancholy tone, "Burelkin, your words cause me much anxiety."
"I fear deeply for Ambros," said Bene quietly. "Such sadness comes, young one."
The sadness in the deep, melodious voice touched Indariol. The young man put a hand on the shoulder become progressively more stooped the further they came from the city, and, as he sensed profound weariness in the Archmage, he also saw transparent frailty in the aged figure for the first time. He feared most for Bene.
"We'll be watchful," he promised. Bene nodded and then sighed. He ran a hand through his already tousled hair.
"You must go east, too, Indariol. Gather together a small group and go east to the southern boundary between the Shadowlands and the steppes; from the mountains will come a woman with a child. Care for them and bring them safely to the west. You'll be told when they're secure and ready for you. The child, as you've been told, is of great significance and is awaited. The woman has her part to play. You'll know when there's to be the bonding within the oath. If Ambros is to survive, then this must be so. If it isn't, our world will cease to be."
"When shall I know to go, Ancient One?"
"You'll know, Indariol, as all elkin do."
"I haven't forgotten your warnings, Burelkin, and I respect your fear of who will cause chaos yet again on Ambros. I wasn't born then, but the ending of the Second Age is etched in our collective memory."
Bene was silent for a moment and then he touched the younger man's cheek. His smile was peculiarly engaging and had a sweetness about it that was also a part of his greatchild Bethel. It brought an instant response from the Shadowlander, though he wasn't aware of it. Bene spoke softly.
"Though you lack Chloronderiel's eye colouring, boy, you have a strong look of him and you have his mind and his manner." Indariol blushed and smiled more widely.
"He had the pale eyes of his father, Burelkin, didn't he?"
"Almost clear," nodded Bene. "Auburn hair like yours, but eyes as translucent as water. He was a striking-looking man, with height but no breadth."
"Like you, Burelkin," suggested Indariol. Bene gave a chuckle.
"Like his older brother, yes," he agreed.
Bene turned to face the forest again before he swung back to touch Indariol, the gentle smile touching his lips and reflected in his eyes. Then he translated and became a swandrah.
As Indariol contemplated the bird's flight, he felt despondency, such as he'd never experienced, grip and hold him. It was as if the Archmage farewelled him for the last time. He felt deep grief shake him as he stood riveted, his eyes fixed to the small white speck that grew fainter.


Ambrosian Chronicles.
Third Age.
11211.

At last we have news of the enslaved Samar twin, Luton. It's distressing. Indeed, as we feared, he's been dealt with in the cruellest way. The young man lacks emotions though we believe his essence hasn't yet been drained. It makes us hope the essential being is untampered with, but we can't say so with certainty.
 
The Mishtok's told the Archmage one of his Adepts travels with the Sinhalien. It's from there we have the latest information on the Samar twin. It causes our Archmage deep grief.
 
Luton was sent, by his mage master, to mate with a Churchik girl. The child of the union was to be returned to the Keep at a certain age, but this hasn't happened. As we have clear understanding of what the mage would do with the child, our relief's profound. Mother and child fled to the mountains where they were found by the Sinhalien.
 
The mother, named Soji, is an unexpected seer. She's untrained but has visions of Luton that may help us in our understanding of what's being done to him. We'll now have knowledge of Luton whose progress we follow with sad and intense interest. He's known to have returned to the Keep from Chika, and is recognised as having a degree of power, but how much it's difficult to assess.
 
He continues to cause the Archmage anxiety and distress. The Archmage has returned to Yarilo after a prolonged stay on Ambros, though he tells us his stay among us won't be long. We're concerned by his vulnerability and frailty brought by old age. He speaks little.


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

With his inevitable train, Sarehl was greeted some miles south of Krynn, in a way that was unexpected. As his retinue made its way slowly but steadily through the winding dales and forests, Sarehl was considerably surprised to find, when his vanguard crested a steep rise from a deep valley, a large contingent of mounted horsemen waited clustered together.
The Strategos quietly signalled a halt. He waited curiously. One horseman nudged his horse forward and Sarehl, aware of tension in his brother, gently put out a hand to steady Daxel whose hand immediately went to his sword hilt. The rider came to a halt.
"I seek Strategos Sarehl, Lord of Ortok," he said in clear, ringing tones.
Catching Daxel's eye, Sarehl saw the flash of a provocatively challenging grin, before he kneed his horse gently, to come to a stop directly in front of the other rider.
"I'm the Strategos. I answer to Sarehl," he said quietly. The envoy bent his head respectfully and then rose in the saddle to execute a most elegant and deep bow.
"We've been sent as a welcome escort, Strategos, and to give you a guard for the rest of your journey. Kyaran welcomes you." Sarehl's bow, as he half rose in the saddle, was graceful.
"Most thoughtful of your King. I accept the gesture with pleasure."
The envoy bowed again, then handed Sarehl a sealed letter, before he backed his horse and joined the troop that sat motionless and erect. They wheeled. Sarehl waved his hand for a resumption of travel so that they could follow. He let his horse ease itself back into line and broke the seal of the letter, his eyes taking in the contents in one glance, before he looked up and across at Daxel who watched him with a quizzical expression.
"Lord of Ortok, is it, big brother?" Daxel asked in a teasing voice.
"Don't!" said Sarehl, on a shiver. "Ensore did warn me about protocol, but even Nakron's court doesn't touch the Kyaran's for formality and ceremonial. King Otto is delighted to have us join his court for as long as we wish and advises a banquet in our honour will be held this evening. He says it's his pleasure to welcome the Strategos' younger brother and hopes you'll find life entertaining in the Krynn court."
"Oh gods," moaned Daxel. "At least all the protocol will be yours, Sar. Leave me out of this!" He saw the twinkle in his brother's eye and added, "Why has Ensore done this to me?"
"It's a learning experience, lad. Think of it as such."
"I'm only eighteen cycles, Sar. I'm not used to this sort of thing."
"Never too late to learn, lad," said Sarehl unsympathetically, turning his head to Kalor who just rode up. "I thought one of you would appear!" There was a note of gratified satisfaction in Sarehl's voice at the sight of his friend.
"Well?" asked Kalor, with amusement. "Here I am. What was the stop about?" Sarehl handed the letter across, watching the Cyrenic's expression with appreciation. "Protocol again?" Kalor asked wearily. Sarehl nodded. "It'll be the death of us all. At least we have the lad here who can assist." Daxel went to protest but Kalor silenced him with, "I'm glad to see your beard truly shows signs of existence, boy. At one stage, not long ago, I thought you merely had a grubby face!"
With that Kalor turned his horse and cantered back down the line, leaving Daxel to glare at his retreating back. Sarehl laughed.
~~~
Upon their arrival in Krynn, Sarehl was swept away on a wave of protocol, surrounded by ranks of courtiers, in a way that made Daxel gnash his teeth. After a grand-looking official was introduced to him, Daxel was led from the huge courtyard and formal meeting hall to be shown his quarters. He assumed he wouldn't see his brother for some hours, so wandered restlessly about the chamber he'd been allotted, his eyes roving beyond the windows. He didn't like the confinement and felt ill at ease.
Tired and dispirited, he flung himself on the ornate bed, to stare morosely at the opulent surroundings. He'd never lived in such luxury and imagined he never would again. He felt the richness of silk under him, gave a sigh, settled himself more comfortably and then let his gaze take in the richly and beautifully embroidered tapestries that lined the walls and covered the floor. He knew instinctively that he no more belonged in this world than did his brother, then thought how calm and self-possessed Sarehl had become and how skilled at diplomacy. He grinned at that. Stretching full out, he closed his eyes and dozed.
He fell more deeply asleep than he intended, so came to with a fright and a hand at his sword when he heard movement in the chamber. He struggled up onto his elbows, to be confronted by the sight of what he assumed was a bath, that he'd not seen in the room on his arrival, being presided over by a very pretty and young maid who tested the heat of the water with her hands. She straightened and stood quietly, watching Daxel leap from the bed with alacrity.
"Thank you," he said courteously. "You may go now." The maid stared nervously at him, but made no move.
"I'm here to bathe you, my lord," she said in a soft voice. "It's our custom for honoured guests." Daxel reddened.
"I'm not `my lord`," he assured her, "and I can bath myself." He saw signs of distress on her face and chewed his lower lip. "Is it your duty to do this?"
"Yes, my lord. I'm here to serve you."
"Gods!" muttered Daxel in frazzled tones. He sat transfixed and tried to marshal his thoughts, his gaze at the girl a mite distressed. A thought occurred to him. "How would it be if I say you bathed me -." Daxel broke off when abruptly the door opened, to admit Kalor and Kaleb who took in the situation at a glance.
"I told you, Kaleb, the boy wouldn't be able to cope on his own, now didn't I? Poor lad is quite nonplussed. We should help him."
Kalor advanced on Daxel as he spoke, Kaleb a willing second. Daxel never had a chance. He was pushed onto the bed, fighting vigorously. The serving maid modestly turned away while the two men dragged Daxel to the bath and flung him in.
"Damn you both!" Daxel spluttered outraged.
Even though they were generously splashed, the two men were well-nigh helpless with mirth, Kalor leaning on a chair for support. At that moment, Sarehl came into the room. He stopped short at the doorway, his eyebrows raised and his eyes alight when he saw Daxel struggle in the bath as he gently, but firmly, tried to push the maid away. He eyed his two friends, damp but laughing. Sarehl limped across to the bath and grinned down at Daxel.
"Relax, lad, and enjoy it. I found it highly pleasurable." Sarehl turned to his friends. "Cruel of you both," he chided them. Neither man looked at all abashed when Sarehl crossed to the dishevelled bed and sank down onto it.
"Ah, my friend," wheezed Kalor, on another gust of laughter. "It's like old times, isn't it?"
"The boy was flummoxed, Sarehl. You wouldn't have us leave him embarrassed, now would you?" asked Kaleb, lounging back in one of the chairs and wiping his eyes. "Gods, I haven't laughed so much in cycles!"
The bath over, the maid turned gracefully and left the chamber. When Daxel went to get to his feet, he hurriedly sat again because the maid returned with clothes she deposited next to Sarehl, still lounging on the bed. The maid finally withdrew. Daxel let out his breath in relief, and rose hastily, his hands tying a cloth firmly at the waist.
"Get used to it," advised Sarehl with a grin. "She'll come to you every evening before you dress to dine."
"No!" exclaimed Daxel.
"One of the first things you learn, lad," said his brother, getting off the bed, "is that you adapt immediately to the customs of your hosts. I wouldn't cause offence, and neither, lad, will you."
"That's not fair," muttered Daxel, shaking his head.
He stared across at Kalor and Kaleb. Kalor saw the retaliatory gleam in the youth's eyes and precipitately edged towards the door when he saw Daxel advance. Daxel stood over Kaleb and tapped him on the shoulder. Kaleb edged closer to Kalor as they both got to the door and yanked it open, the two men sensibly beating a strategic retreat through it. Kalor's wicked eyes twinkled.
"Is this truly a custom here?" Daxel asked his brother.
"For honoured guests, yes," replied Sarehl. "It's every day."
His eyes warm with amusement, Sarehl lounged to a chair. Daxel looked for his clothes, raising an eyebrow at his brother when he saw Sarehl point at the bed.
"For me?" he asked surprised. "Why?"
"You can't go to a banquet in riding clothes, Dase, can you?"
"But I've nothing else, Sar!" protested Daxel, then he blushed. "I've had no use for anything else for cycles now."
"No, lad," agreed Sarehl gently, "but now there's a need. I had these clothes made for you. You're broader in the chest than I am, so I couldn't lend you anything of mine." Daxel was turning over the garments while Sarehl spoke and looked revolted.
"Sar, how can I wear this?"
"It's formal court wear, Dahkilan-fashion, Dase. You'd have died if I'd dressed you in Cartokian, Sushi or Kyaran court clothes. They're considerably more ornate and some wear robes." Daxel wrinkled his nose. "I've tried to have our formal wear made as a combination of Samar and Dahkilan, Dase. It couldn't be all Samar, because we had no court attire other than what the Paramon wore when he entertained ambassadors or royalty. I think the style that I've evolved will be a satisfactory compromise." Daxel held up the breeches and sniffed.
"You expect me to wear these, don't you?"
"It's a formal banquet the king's arranged for us, lad. You wouldn't want to cause offence, would you?"
"I'll be relieved to be back with the army," muttered Daxel.
When he got to it, Daxel baulked at the ornate long-sleeved tunic, the red of the material matching the breeches, the tunic patterned with delicate silver sworls done with very fine thread. Sarehl pushed Daxel onto the bed and lifted the tunic over the dark head, then pulled the young man to his feet and carefully arranged a shoulder cape over the tunic. He pinned it firmly at the throat with a jewelled brooch. Daxel tried to squint down at it.
"Where did you get that?" he asked curiously, trying to stop Sarehl from pushing up his head.
"Never you mind, Dase. Gifts come to a Strategos, whether he wants them or no. This is now yours." Sarehl clicked the hasp shut. "It's my gift to you." Daxel opened then shut his mouth. "Stand, Dase, and we'll put on a belt."
Daxel's eyes widened at the jewelled belt Sarehl buckled round his waist, but he was so overcome he just shrugged when he was sat again and beautifully cut boots, in soft red leather, were pulled from under the bed for him. Speechlessly, he pulled them on. Sarehl surveyed his brother.
"Well then, Dase, stand and let me look at you." Daxel got to his feet. He stood, suddenly shy, while Sarehl looked him over with a smile.
"You look very elegant, Dase, and strongly remind me of Da. Mam would be so proud of you. So would Da." Daxel bit his lip. Hastily he took the hand held out to him then stopped, startled, opened his hand and stared at his palm. "Put it on, lad."
Sarehl lifted the youth's nerveless hand and pushed a very heavy ring onto Daxel's middle finger. Daxel held his hand to the light from the window and tilted his finger so the stone glowed rich red.
"Thank you," he gasped. "Eli has a ring like this, but this is beautiful."
Sarehl laughed and picking up a cloak, held that out to his brother who took it without a word and placed it on the chair beside him. Daxel glanced at his brother.
"What are you wearing then, Sar?"
"I came to see you before I dressed. My clothes are in the same style as yours so don't feel out of place. You're not as ostentatiously clad as most will be, Dase, but you look as we'd wish to be seen."
~~~
The king was gracious in welcoming the Strategos' younger brother when the youth reached him in the receiving line that evening. His Majesty had a light voice for one so stocky and barrel-chested.
"You are under the Dahkilan Chamah's protection, we believe. Is that not so, young man?" Daxel didn't know where to look and blushed with embarrassment under the benevolent kingly eye, but he formally bowed with grace and agreed he was indeed under Ensore's protection. "Though we've not met the Chamah, we hope to do so soon. Doubtless you'll return to him at some stage?"
"Yes, Your Majesty."
"It's good to have his protg among us. That's most satisfactory."
Daxel rolled an eye at his brother who had difficulty suppressing a grin. The king beamed at Daxel, told him he was free to use the city and casually waved him on. Daxel caught up with Sarehl a short time later.
"Sar!" he said explosively. "I'm not under Ensore's protection."
"But, Dase," said Sarehl, surprised. "I placed you under his authority the day I agreed to let you go with him."
"That's not what the King meant," objected Daxel disconsolately.
"No, lad, it's not," agreed Sarehl. "I told him you were placed under Ensore's care while I moved northwards. As do many rulers with their attendant courts, the King has chosen to put his own interpretation on that so he can sort out your status. It's not like home, Dase."
"No," mumbled Daxel forlornly.
"All these countries, and Ensore tells me Dahkilah is possibly worse, are very status-conscious, Dase."
"I have no status, Sar, you know that. I'm from Ortok and stateless and homeless." Sarehl touched his shoulder gently.
"So am I, lad, but can't you play the game if it leads to an end that may be what we want?"
"Strengthening the army so we have a better chance against Lodestok. Is that what you mean?"
"That's exactly what I mean, little brother."
"These games aren't honest, are they?"
"Not if you don't know the rules, Dase. This is politics for you, lad."
"What's the difference between politics and the state-craft that Ongwin talks about?"
Ah!" sighed Sarehl, his arm about Daxel's shoulder. "Now that, Dase, is a tricky one." Daxel's introduction to Kyaran protocol had just begun.
~~~
Five days later, Sarehl was startled to be summoned to Sasqua's chamber. The boy who brought the message stared up at the very tall man.
"The healer said it was urgent, Strategos."
"I'll go at once."
He knocked gently on the chamber door, then paused when he heard Kaleb's curt voice bid him wait. Looking serious and anxious, the healer met him just outside the room.
"Sarehl, she's come to term very early which is something I hoped she wouldn't. My suspicions were confirmed several hours ago. She's well under way." Sarehl felt rather helpless. He stood irresolute.
"Can I do anything?" he asked. Kaleb's suddenly amiable expression should have warned Sarehl but he didn't notice.
"Yes, you can, my friend." Sarehl glanced down at the healer.
"Tell me then." Kaleb's eyes brightened.
"You can hold her hand for her, Sarehl. She's been calling for you. You're the closest thing to Bethel she has and she needs you."
"Oh gods," mumbled Sarehl. He could've sworn there was a twinkle lurking in the back of those clear Yazd eyes. He gave a resigned sigh.
"You've done it before, haven't you?"
"With Alicia? Oh, aye, twice." Sarehl rubbed a hand ruefully across his beard.
"You do seem to calm her, Sarehl, where she's never felt fully at ease with any of us, other than Kasan. I think she sees so much of Bethel's gentleness in you that she can relate to. It soothes her agitation. You're very reassuring, you know."
When Sasqua heard them she turned her head, her blue eyes swimming with tears. Sarehl didn't hesitate. He went hurriedly to the bed and sank on the edge of it, her hand held in his.
"Poor little Sasqua," he said gently. "You'll come through this, little one. Believe me, Kaleb will do all he can and you must trust him."
"You do, do you not?" Sasqua's grip on his hand hurt.
"Yes," he answered, without hesitation.
"It is going to hurt me more than it does now, is it not?" Sarehl saw fear deep in the flooded eyes and his free hand went instinctively to her face.
"Not if Kaleb can help it," he said reassuringly. "How would it be if I sit up behind you and you rest back on me? Would that be more comfortable?" When she nodded, Kaleb came next to them to help lift her. She gave a sharp intake of breath. Kaleb glanced down at Sarehl.
"Settle back, my friend, so Sasqua can lie comfortably in your arms. He'll hold you, child. Is that easier?" The blond head nodded again. Kaleb turned and busied himself with a cup and powder that he mixed with wine and then handed to Sarehl. "Get her to drink it slowly, Sarehl, more in sips if you can," he said in an undertone. "I can't put her to sleep for fear of harming the child - it'll have a struggle without that."
~~~
The next hours were something of a nightmare for all three of them in the chamber. Sasqua may've been drugged with pain-killer, but she suffered terribly from the damage inflicted by Lodestok. Sarehl held her grimly, his teeth clenched as Sasqua fought against the odds to give birth. When she implored Kaleb to help her when the pain became unbearable, the healer looked as grim as Sarehl had seen him as he quietly mixed more powder with wine that he passed impassively to Sarehl, his instructions terse.
He never knew how, but Sarehl managed to calm Sasqua and she obeyed him implicitly when he urged her to drink. After each drink, she briefly relaxed before another wave of pain made her sob as she struggled to push the child to come.
Servants came and went. The servants helped Sarehl sponge Sasqua's face and neck. Kalor came often, his expression one of deep concern. He helped as much as he could, his arms replacing Sarehl's so his friend's cramp could be eased. The hours crept by. Darkness fell. Sasqua lay still in utter exhaustion. Sarehl talked quietly to her. Kaleb ministered to her and watched, with obvious anxiety, the increasing contractions that shook her.
In the early hours of the morning, Sasqua gave sharp cries that jolted Sarehl and made him glance down at the healer stooped over the girl, a frown of concentration on his face. Kaleb looked up to see the question in Sarehl's eyes. He nodded wearily and stroked Sasqua's cheek.
"Child, can you try again?" Sasqua's eyes wandered, the pupils black. Sarehl spoke softly.
"Sasqua, love, try again, for Bethel." She did. "And again," urged Sarehl.
He ran a cool cloth over her forehead and lifted her a little more, encouraging her calmly. A sigh escaped Kaleb as he finally straightened, a tiny infant in his hands.
"Good girl, Sasqua," he whispered. Sasqua lay still, Sarehl's hand clasped in hers.
~~~
Later, Sarehl stood with a tiny bundle held in his arms, dark fuzz covering the tiny head. He felt overwhelming joy mixed with poignant sadness, because he saw over again the births of his brothers and sister, and his own children. And now he held a precious son of Bethel's. To have something of Bethel so close gave him joy; that Bethel didn't know of his son's existence grieved him. He thought only that it should be Bethel who stood here holding his son, not his older brother. He looked down at the crumpled face swathed in linen and murmured to him.
That evening, Sarehl came again to Sasqua's chamber, to find her wide awake and suckling the child, her head bent so far forward her long blond hair hid her face. She didn't hear Sarehl, though Kaleb did and nodded at the bed. Sarehl crossed to it and sat quietly on the edge, bringing up Sasqua's head. She saw who it was and her blush deepened.
"No, child," said Sarehl calmly. "Don't stop because of me. The lad's hungry, so let him feed." Sasqua's free hand clasped Sarehl's.
"It is not considered seemly to feed an infant in front of men where I come from," she whispered.
"It's entirely normal for us, Sasqua," answered Sarehl firmly. "Besides, it's a delight to see a contented child at the breast of its mother."
"Why did you not mate, Sarehl?" Sasqua saw the sudden change in his expression. "I do not mean to be rude," she hastened to add, her eyes a little apprehensive. "It is just that you would be such a good father and mate." The healer came forward, but Sarehl raised his hand.
"If you hadn't asked, Sasqua, I'd have said nothing," he said quietly. "Once I had a mate, and a son and daughter."
"What happened to them?" Sarehl stared into the innocent blue eyes and felt a wrench.
"The Churchik killed them, child, as they injured me." He saw revulsion and horror in her eyes and held the thin hand very firmly.
"Your face," she whispered, her other hand going to her mouth. "And your limp. Did we do that?"
"Yes, child. When Ortok was stormed that's what happened. War's brutal, Sasqua." Sasqua swallowed, her eyes fixed to Sarehl's face.
"Tell me," she begged, "what was her name?"
"Alicia."
"And your children?"
"My son was Saren, and my little infant daughter was Chlo."
"How old would they be now?"
"Saren would be eight cycles and Chlo six." The blond head bent and Sasqua began to weep.
"I am so sorry for what we did to you," she sobbed. "How can you bear to be near me when we wronged you so? And you love Beth as if he is your son too, do you not? You have never said as much to me, but you raised him, did you not?" Sarehl sighed.
"Yes," he said, his voice low and resigned. "Bethel's a son to me, Sasqua." Sasqua gave a wrenching sob.
Kaleb gently lifted the now replete and dozing infant. He placed the baby carefully up on his shoulder so that Sarehl could comfort Sasqua. Without thinking about it, Sasqua leaned over to Sarehl so he could hold her and she nestled against him as if it was the most natural thing to do. Kaleb smiled. He thought that indeed Sasqua treated Sarehl as if he was her older brother and also noticed, too, that Sarehl accepted her as such and treated her very much as though she was his sister.
Once the crying stopped, Sasqua was edged back down the bed so she could rest, her hand still gripping Sarehl's. He brushed a hand across her cheeks and then ran it through now tousled hair.
"You're tired, little one," he said caressingly. "You've worn yourself out and should rest. Bethel would be so proud of you, you know, wouldn't he?" Big drowned blue eyes met his.
"Sarehl," Sasqua began. "We were mated for pudha."
"Yes, I know that."
"But only for pudha," she insisted. "I was not tied in marri to him, as my husband."
"Can you explain this?"
"I was a maid for pudha - we all were. We must be. And a boy must be chaste but manly for the ceremony. The ceremonial mating is a passing thing, done just over the time of pudha. It is not the same as the bedding for marri, or the coming of eletom." Sasqua yawned deeply, her eyes going to the healer laying the infant in a cradle beside her bed.
"Aren't you too tired to talk?" asked Sarehl, feeling drained with the day and freshly disturbed about his past. He was also confused, because he couldn't follow what Sasqua was saying.
"Eletom is when a girl undergoes maturity with an older man, who teaches her the ways and wishes of men. Marri is when a girl is chosen by a warrior to be his wife; as a symbol of their bond and to ensure she is fertile, she is bedded before there is any formal ceremony of marriage six weeks later. Or, if there is no child, the warrior can, if he wishes, pass on a girl to another. If she is not fertile, she may become the first warrior's concubine." Sasqua couldn't see the healer's consternation, or Sarehl's look of rigid disgust. Her eyes were closed. "Beth and I were not put to marri." Sarehl swallowed very hard.
"Are you saying you aren't Bethel's mate?" he asked, with an effort.
"Pudha is not marri, no."
"But you mated after pudha."
"That is forbidden."
"But still you mated, Sasqua. So, in our eyes, that makes you my little brother's mate." The blue eyes opened and stared thoughtfully and curiously at Sarehl.
"That makes you my brother," she said clearly. Sarehl nodded. "You are my nearest male family, then."
"I suppose I must be," agreed Sarehl, raising an eyebrow. "I'm quite happy about that, child, if you are."
"Then what is he to be called?" Sasqua asked quite deliberately, her eyes going to the infant being gently rocked by Kaleb.
"That's your decision, my dear," said Sarehl, beginning to rise. The grip on his hand tightened.
"No," whispered Sasqua. "A father names his son, always."
"But Bethel can't do that for you, little one. You must choose a name for him yourself."
"No!" repeated Sasqua, in a distressed voice. "I will not name him. It is wrong for me to do so." Sarehl met the healer's eyes and he sat again.
"What do you want of me, child?"
"You are his father, Sarehl. That is the Churchik way. Where the father is gone, the brother becomes the father. That is you. You said so. It is your duty to name the boy."
"Oh gods," moaned Sarehl faintly.
"You are the nearest man to a father for my son. You must name him." There was urgency as well as distress in the young voice now. Sarehl patted the hand still held in his.
"He's Bethel's son, Sasqua. What right have I to -?" Sarehl yielded to the entreaty in the blue eyes. "How do you choose a name in Churchik society?"
"He must have the names of my father and his own father."
"And your father is?"
"Kalchok."
Sarehl went quiet while he tried to sort out a name that would reflect the sire and the greatsire, but would not be overtly a Churchik name. Sasqua lay still, her eyes going from the infant to Sarehl, a question in her eyes. Kaleb said and did nothing. He just continued to rock the cradle and croon gently at the child. Sarehl frowned with concentration.
"If," he said suddenly, a light touching eyes that looked sombre and wistful, "we're to do justice to both names, there's only one name for this little lad of yours, Sasqua. I name him Kalbeth, in honour of both." Sasqua gave a crow of delight. Sarehl glanced at the healer and saw the approving smile in the clear eyes. "That pleases you, little one, does it?"
"Kalbeth," she said, a smile spreading across her thin and weary face. "Kalbeth. Kal means `little`, Sarehl." The healer saw the flinch Sarehl gave in response to that, though he made no comment.
"Well then," said Sarehl, rising and stooping to kiss Sasqua who hadn't relinquished her grasp on his hand. "Is there anything else?"
"Bound to be," murmured Kaleb provocatively.
"Don't spare me!" Sarehl threw at him in an aside.
"Churchik boys grow up with their fathers, Sarehl. Kalbeth must do so with you."
"Grow up with me?" gasped Sarehl, trying to disengage his hand from a tenacious grip.
"A father teaches a boy to be a man; you are his father. He must grow beside you, even though I am his mother."
"Very well," came the resigned sigh. "I'll help you raise the child until his father can do so. Will that satisfy you?"
"And you will teach him to be a man?"
"Yes, Sasqua, I will."
There was a contented sigh below Sarehl and his hand was promptly released. Sasqua closed her eyes and snuggled further down the bed, while Sarehl gave the chuckling healer a reproving look before he left the chamber.
~~~
The infant flourished. Even small, Kalbeth looked as Sarehl remembered Bethel. Sasqua lived for Kalbeth. She gained in strength and had new-found confidence in her surroundings. Sarehl thought she was as deeply contented as it was possible for her to be as he watched her moving among the court, accepting the compliments showered on her about her very beautiful son.
As the infant grew, his hair stayed dark and began to curl, his skin was creamy and his eyebrows and eyelashes were black. It was his eyes that were so unusual. They were blue, but not the pale Churchik blue; they were vivid indigo and were becoming as large and lustrous as his father's. That was the only Churchik Sarehl saw in the small child protectively cradled by his mother.
Daxel's reaction to Kalbeth was one of bemused affection, his long fingers held in tightly grasping and chubby fingers. The youth took the infant for airings as often as he could. He reddened when teased by Kalor, who told Sarehl Dase was inordinately proud of Kalbeth, then, when Kasan arrived at Krynn to be the personal guest of King Otto, it became a question of who got to Kalbeth first. After a day, both Daxel and Kasan would be seen together with the infant, causing muttered comments from the Kyaran princesses who had vied to monopolise Daxel. They didn't welcome another princess at court and their carry-on provided a great deal of amusement for Sarehl and his friends.
~~~
Daxel was distracted from Kalbeth by being informed he was to attend his first ball. It was given to honour both the Strategos and the Chamah's sister. Until now, Daxel had passed the time most agreeably, he and the younger prince of Kyaran much of an age and both ready to try anything. They avoided court wherever possible and spent the hours outside riding, racing, jousting and wrestling, and then, in the evenings, the two sat with the prince's friends, drinking and gambling amiably, quite impervious to the beseeching looks cast at them by the young ladies of the court.
Ahliah was a striking-looking boy with his long mop of thick, straight brown hair and wicked blue eyes that twinkled disconcertingly at the most inappropriate times. The Queen complained he was irreverent and a scapegrace. The King merely laughed at the youthful pranks, his eyes often rested on the dashingly handsome youth accompanying his son. Daxel was unaware of the royal scrutiny, but Sarehl wasn't. It made the Strategos pensive.
This day, though, when Daxel answered his brother's summons, he arrived to find all his brother's friends in attendance. Precipitately, he backed towards the door he'd so blithely flung open, but Kalor stood behind him and promptly shut the door and leaned on it. Daxel's apprehensive expression made Sarehl come forward.
"Lad, you look as if we'd arranged a mating for you," he teased.
"You jest, don't you?" When he saw mirth on Kaleb's face, Daxel relaxed a little. "Why are you all here?"
"The ball this evening," said Sarehl, drawing Daxel to the centre of the room. "You, lad, are going to uphold the honour of Samar."
"I'm what?" stammered Daxel. "Look, Sar, Ensore sent me and -."
"You've been having a thoroughly enjoyable time," interrupted Dalmin. "Well, lad, the time comes when you have to work as well and that's coming to you right now."
"I'll help you, Sar. You've not asked me to do anything, so -."
"That's excellent," beamed Kaleb, nodding at Sache. Sarehl grinned at Daxel.
"You, lad, are to open the ball for me tonight."
"No!" gasped Daxel. "There are hundreds of guests due. I know, because Ahliah told me. He was moaning that he'd have to spend time today with the dancing master because - oh, gods, no! Sar, you can't do this to me. I can't dance."
"Too bad," said Dalmin unsympathetically.
"You'll be able to dance by tonight, lad," promised Kalor on a deep chuckle.
"Sar!" Daxel stared helplessly at his brother.
"I can't teach you to dance, lad, and certainly not the dancing they do here. Samar dancing's more group oriented and highly spontaneous. This is very precise and courtly."
"Sache can do it though," laughed Kaleb. Sache shrugged.
"It's being a Dahkilan in the Chamah's troops," he admitted. "Apart from that, all our men are taught to dance from a young age. There's court dancing and army dancing. Lad," he went on, turning to Daxel with a sudden grin, "you've seen them dancing often enough and you've joined in."
"But not," mumbled Daxel despairingly, "with females!"
"We're going to take turns to teach you," announced Sache. Daxel swivelled his head to stare incredulously at Kalor. Kalor read the look and grinned disarmingly.
"I don't dance with the ladies, lad," he murmured. "I just seduce them."
"Kalor," reproved the healer. Kalor just laughed louder.
"Kaleb, the boy's old enough to know about the real world. Once he's had his first nibble, there'll be no stopping him."
Before Daxel could retort, Sache crossed to him and took him very firmly in hand. Kaleb thought Sache drilled the boy as though Daxel was still in a troop, but it was beneficial because Daxel was so busy minding his feet his flush died and he concentrated on what he was told to do. He was lithe and graceful and would, thought Sarehl watching closely, make an excellent and polished dancer.
"You only need to be fully proficient in three dances," Sarehl told Daxel, as Sache whirled the boy around and Daxel made a mis-step. "You'll open the ball with Kasan, dance at least once with each of the princesses and then lead the final dance."
Daxel came to a halt, and struggled when Sache pulled him sharply.
"I can't." He fell obediently back into step when he caught Sache's eye. "You can't ask me to dance with royalty." He was swung in a way that made him dizzy and breathless, then had to take several small steps backward.
"Belike they'll ask you," laughed Sarehl, looking affectionately across at the very handsome young man gliding diffidently round the scrunched up mats on the floor. "It would be churlish to refuse."
"Did Ens know what awaited me?"
"Probably," came the reply.
"Then I think," came the aggrieved voice, "that it was a mean thing to do."
"My turn, I guess," said a quiet voice beside Daxel and Sache. Sache stood back and Daxel found himself whirled away by Arth, who was athletic and energetic. Sache studied the pair.
"He'll make quite a good dancer in time, Sarehl," he observed, calmly pulling at his whiskers. "I'll take him in hand from tomorrow and make him fully competent. That way he can stand in for you any time and not be an embarrassment."
~~~
Daxel's appearance that evening caused much comment. Without making a fuss about it, Sarehl had decided he'd wear the colour the Paramon always wore at state occasions, such as they ever were in Ortok. It was dull gold. Sarehl, elegantly attired in black and gold, made Kasan's heart turn over - she thought he looked so unaffected and graceful. Even the limp didn't detract from the Strategos' appearance. Kaleb, sitting back critically, felt Sarehl drew all eyes. So did Daxel.
The youth was clad, from head to toe, in dull gold with black lacing. When he entered the huge and ornate reception room, he was a step behind his elder brother, so wasn't seen immediately. Their superior height made them stand out and so did their dark colouring, but Daxel, as Sarehl intended he should, stunned the guests.
When their majesties heard the brothers announced, they awaited the graceful pair as they made their way easily down the line of honoured guests. Kasan curtsied and gave Daxel a rakish grin that he returned in a brotherly way, but her smile up at Sarehl was shy. It broadened when he whispered,
"You outshine any other royalty, my dear. Ensore will be surprised when he sees you again."
She clasped his hand and then he was gone. When he and Daxel reached royalty, Daxel copied his brother. His bow may not have had the polish of Sarehl's, but it was deep and courtly.
The king looked from one brother to another and smiled benignly.
"The familial resemblance is very strong, Strategos, isn't it?"
"So everyone tells us, Your Majesty," acknowledged Sarehl, with a twinkle in his eye.
"You make a fine pair," said Otto, looking hard at them again. "A most handsome boy, my love," he added loudly to his wife, who stared especially fixedly at Daxel.
 Sarehl couldn't help but be amused by the fluttering Daxel caused. It deepened with the knowledge that Daxel hadn't yet developed in the petticoat line, so Sarehl wondered how Daxel would cope with all the attention he was going to attract. He was a most appealing youth and modest bashfulness added to his charm.
He was pleasantly flattered by the assiduous attention paid him by the princesses, both very attractive and of marriageable age. It was Ahliah's droll looks at his sisters that helped ease Daxel's first moments of acute shyness. He endured a somewhat bemused banquet, because he was in demand from first one princess and then another, aware, too, of the encouraging nods of approval he received from the queen. Sarehl saw the questioning look he got from his brother, merely raised an eyebrow, shook his head slightly and returned to his conversation with the Lord Chancellor who demanded to be told something about the northern army. Daxel decided to relax and as soon as he did he began to enjoy himself.
He opened the ball for Sarehl, who could neither dance nor escort the Chamah's sister in leading the march that signalled the formal beginning of the ball. Sarehl stood back, leaning against a painted pillar as the march began. Daxel and Kasan followed their majesties. The Strategos watched them thoughtfully as all eyes turned to the handsome couple, obviously quite at ease with each other and clearly good friends. Sarehl sensed someone next to him and glanced down to see Kaleb, likewise, intently watch the dance now forming.
Daxel didn't disgrace himself in the opening dance. Sarehl saw the tall figure gracefully circle Kasan and was relieved and delighted to see Daxel become confident enough to laugh.
"He's a very fine-looking lad, isn't he?" said Kaleb, beside Sarehl.
"Aye," agreed Sarehl, on a wistful note. "He reminds me of our father, Alfar, and I wonder, too, how he and his twin would look tonight, together as they should be. The picture's incomplete. So few know how that boy aches for Lute." Kaleb touched Sarehl's arm and Sarehl looked down. The healer thought the black eyes looked profoundly sad.
"One day," Kaleb said gently, "the gods willing, my friend, you'll know. Are you tired, Sarehl?"
"I am a little," acknowledged Sarehl with a sigh. "The days coming here tired me more than I thought and I've not had a moment to myself since we got here. Kyaran protocol has one rising and sitting, then standing for long spells."
"It was a very long journey, Sarehl," replied the healer calmly. "And I think there must be other ways for you to endure the grind of each day. I don't think you should have to leap up and down." Sarehl shrugged.
"This life we lead is guaranteed to bring back twinges, Kaleb." The hand on his arm tightened.
"What you need, my friend, is a long drink."
Sarehl was led towards a table set aside in an alcove not far from them. Sarehl grinned down at the little healer when he saw the untouched goblets and wine.
"Now how did you know all this was here and untouched?" he demanded. Kaleb stroked the side of his nose.
"Second sense," he answered on a chuckle, his hands now busily pouring the wine. He handed a goblet to Sarehl with the advice that he drink well and deeply. It wasn't long before they were joined by Kalor and Sache.
The latter said with a wry grin, "These damned protocols! You know, Kaleb, I'm going to hate going back to all this." He gestured at the dancers and then expressively at the guests. Kaleb looked reflective at that.
"You may well find Dahkilah markedly changed, Sache. I know my people won't ever be the same after what's happened. Certainly, they won't be in the same place." Sache was silent a moment.
"Nor yours, Sarehl," he said, after a pause.
"Nor what's left of Samar," agreed Sarehl quietly. He drank deeply then turned back to the table for more wine. Kalor took his goblet with a grin. He nodded towards the dance floor.
"Your little brother does you proud tonight, Sarehl," he commented. "Was it mostly Dalmin who taught him after I left this morning?"
"No, it was Sache."
"Ah!" Kalor's eyes twinkled roguishly at Sache. "Of course, you dance, I've observed, most prettily."
"Not tonight, old friend," said Sache, shaking his head disparagingly at Kalor, though the grin that went with it ruined the effect. "Let the boy uphold the tradition of Dahkilah."
"The lad is sort of Dahkilan, isn't he?" mused Kaleb, then after a moment he looked quietly up at Sarehl whose thoughtful dark eyes regarded him intently. He added hurriedly, "I don't mean that Dase isn't Ortokian. It's just that he's modelled himself to a large extent over the last five cycles on Eli and Ensore." Sarehl gave a slow smile.
"Yes, he has," he agreed. "That was only to be expected, I suppose. You're quite right - I've been wondering what was so different about him. It's not just that he's grown from boy to man, is it?"
"No," murmured Kaleb, to himself. "The boy could be one of them. It's the lad's colouring that makes you think twice."
"Immersed in their culture," said Kalor meditatively. "I think Dase is all Samar myself, but with a very thorough overlay of Dahkilan. He has too much of you in him, Sarehl, to be anything else. The boy's also just about achieved respectability with that beard he's struggled with for weeks."
There was a shout of laughter at that, before Sache said quietly, "I'd give much to see Ensore's face now, if he could but sight the boy."
"Aye," mumbled Sarehl, downing his second goblet of wine. "What I'd give to see Ensore and all."
The friends drifted apart, leaving Sarehl to quietly see how Daxel coped with his first ball. Sarehl crossed the floor to the far side of the ballroom while Kasan, not far away, watched Sarehl, her heart in her eyes, before she turned courteously to her partner. The girls of the court looked speculatively at the Strategos when he approached, their expressions tinged with awe. Sarehl's bow was graceful. He extricated Daxel, Kasan noticed with a smile, most deftly, guided him to a recess, sat him and poured a goblet of wine that he placed in the waiting hands.
"Not enjoying yourself as much as you expected?" Sarehl asked, in a gently teasing voice.
"Too much, Sar. How have you put up with this for so long?"
"You adapt as the need arises. We thought you seemed remarkably popular, Dase, especially with the princesses."
"It's enough," groaned Daxel, drinking again.
"Don't ask me for help, little brother. I was never in the petticoat line and mated very young. You should ask Kalor for advice."
"I didn't mean to bring back memories, Sar."
"You didn't," responded Sarehl mildly. He put his hands over his brother's. "Dase, Ortok happened long ago. Alicia and the children are a vital part of me I'll never forget and I loved them dearly, but equally I know I can't live forever in the past. The memories still hurt - they always will, but they aren't nightmares of anguish that tormented me for so long. I can even think of our brief happiness and our joy at the children, small as they were."
Daxel turned his head to study his brother, looking into Sarehl's dark reflective eyes. What he read there reassured him and he gave a faint, wavering smile.
"I was talking with Kasan a while ago," he said hesitantly. "She didn't know about Alicia. I mentioned it without thinking, you see, and she asked me about what happened to you." Sarehl looked rather surprised.
"What made you talk about me at all?"
"I can't remember, Sar. When I told her you'd been mated she was quite calm about it."
"Why shouldn't she be?" asked Sarehl, mildly amused. "Dase, are you in your cups?"
"No!" responded Daxel indignantly. "How can I be? I have to dance again." Daxel blinked and drank more wine, then stood fidgeting with his goblet. "Sar -." Sarehl looked hard at the young man staring pensively at the floor.
"What's on your mind, little brother? It clearly bothers you and it's making you incoherent." Daxel spoke in a rush.
"Talking to Kasan upset me - very much. That's the point. You seem to have accepted what happened. I haven't." Sarehl nodded.
"I had Kaleb, Dase. He made me talk and face what happened to those around me." Sarehl's eyes darkened with remembrance. "He made me accept life for what it's become, even helping me adjust to Bethel and Lute. That wasn't easy, Dase, and I still feel burning hatred that ties me in knots sometimes. I have to fight it. I'll probably always fight against accepting what was done to them. What I'm trying to say, little brother, is that Kaleb refused to let me keep all the pain in. No one's done that for you, have they?" Daxel was very quiet, the goblet held to his lips unsteady.
"No," he said slowly. "Ens tried, early on. He was too busy. And Lute came and went in me so much."
"And En's not a healer, is he?" Daxel shook his head. "And you've never come to terms with your loss of Lute, have you, Dase?" Sarehl saw the flare of anguish in Daxel's dark eyes when they looked into his and then at the rush of tears that threatened to drown them.
"No," he whispered. Sarehl put his arm about the younger man.
"Will you see Kaleb, lad?"
"I'm not sure I have the courage to," Daxel managed. "Something happened with Lute and me a while ago that Ens said you didn't know about. He says I need to talk about it."
"To do what?" asked a quiet voice behind them. The brothers turned as one to see Kaleb steadily regarded them.
"I ask again," Sarehl said, "how it is you know when one of us needs you?" Kaleb surveyed Daxel and spoke in a composed, neutral voice.
"You're distressed, aren't you?" Daxel bent his head, unwilling to meet those clear perceptive eyes, then resolutely drew in a deep breath.
"Sar tells me you helped him -." Daxel couldn't go on.
"Lad," said a quiet voice next to him, "it's no disgrace to show emotion. When you've wept with Ensore, he's thought none the less of you." Daxel's voice sounded muffled, because he had a hand over his mouth.
"It's being with Sar after such a long time. Things keep coming back to haunt me. While I've been with Ens I've not thought too much about things, or it's easier to push them away when you keep busy."
Sarehl and Kaleb exchanged glances. Sarehl ran a hand through his hair absently.
"I don't know why, Kaleb, but apparently Dase and Kasan talked about Alicia and me. It's badly affected you, Dase." Daxel kept his head averted and Sarehl's hand went to his scar. "You've repressed so much! Gods, do you think Brue has as well?"
"I doubt it," murmured Kaleb, looking curiously at Daxel. "He was very young with memory that relates to abandonment and loss. Dase's memories are by far more traumatic and he was at a much more vulnerable age. Come and see me and we'll talk, just you and me. I won't hurt you." Daxel looked directly down to the healer and a rueful smile lit his eyes.
"I'll come," he promised.


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Blach's summons in the early hours was curt and cold. Luton, crouched over his desk, rose noiselessly, ran a hand through hair that fell forward across his face, and then rubbed at the silky beard that hugged his chin. He was momentarily stooped and weary, because he'd been struggling hard to learn and hadn't moved from his cramped hunch for some hours. He stretched and walked to the door, out along the landing and quickly up the flights of steps to the landing where he knew his master awaited him. His robe swished on the flagstones but there was no other noise in the Keep.
The door was opened and Luton entered, abasing himself immediately, the dark head rested on the ground. A season had passed since Luton sought Soji for his master and life had again become difficult. When Luton was peremptorily kicked as an indication he should stand, he saw his master stand imperiously, the mage's expression one of impatience.
"Where have you been?"
"In my room."
"Do you need a lesson in haste?" came the uncompromising question in Luton's mind. His answer was automatic.
"No."
"Then never keep me waiting."
Luton sensibly made no response. He was aware he was analysed and assessed and bent his head in deference. Over the cycles Blach slowly became increasingly aware compulsion wasn't needed to subject Luton, all ever needed was a light hand and Luton capitulated. It didn't, however, save Luton from savage punishments.
Blach's hollow eyes glowed. He may not have Myme Chlo, but he had the means by which he could assess and finally draw her to him. Blach found that satisfying and amusing. She'd trust her brother where she'd not necessarily trust the man who fathered her. Blach was angered he had to send Luton away, at least a cycle before his apprentice was ready, and he fully intended Soji would answer to him for that, if she still lived. Blach licked his lips with anticipation when he promised himself a singularly vicious retribution for the girl who dared defy him. His eyes continued to assess Luton.
Luton was a young man grown to maturity, though he was still only nineteen cycles. There wasn't the development of the breadth of shoulder in Luton like Daxel. His hair was long, glossy and still unmanageably thick and curly. It fell in waves over his shoulders. His face looked graven in stone. No light shone in the black eyes and the enormously long eyelashes rarely blinked. The features remained emotionless.
"Look at me, slave," came the gently mocking voice.
When Luton obeyed, he ceased to be. He stood still, eyes wide and blank, while his master set commands at every level of Luton's consciousness. Blach didn't hurry; he intended there'd be no mistakes as the result of foolish, unnecessary haste. He withdrew from the mind he'd shaped, a cruel smile writhing on his lips.
"You'll leave in four hours and know exactly what to do. Kher meets you and you'll obey him as you would me. You'll meet me when I call. The call will be unmistakable. Because you'll be distant, don't make the mistake of thinking you're far from me, slave. I can touch you wherever you are on Ambros and I can punish you with impunity. I told you, once, you're wholly bound to me. Be sure, if it's necessary, you'll feel my anger." The eyes suddenly blinked, before the dark head went down.
"Yes."
"You'll travel north, following the route you took to come south cycles ago." Blach stared at the bowed head and smiled again.
"Master."
"I'll follow you in time. That's all you need to know. You will, if you survive, return here with your sister and daughter, but that's highly doubtful. I expect your life to end by then, but you never know. Certainly, your immediate usefulness will be over." There was a long pause. Luton didn't move. "I'm very angry I have to send you north before you're as ready as I wish you to be, but so it is. It's time. You'll take a satchel of work prepared for you. Pic has it."
"Master."
A thin hand was raised in curt dismissal. Luton saw the movement from the corner of his eye and lifted his head in response.
"Go, slave, I've nothing more to say to you."
Luton turned and left. He didn't even notice the cold laugh that echoed in his head. What he couldn't understand was his master's deep, chilling anger. Soji's actions made it essential Malekim could trace Jonqi when once he thought to have her at the Keep, where she could be moulded to replace Luton should the apprentice fail. Malekim also needed a fully trained Luton to draw out Myme Chlo, the result of which could see Luton irreparably harmed, if not lost. Jonqi would follow him, so it became imperative the sorcerer found her. Malekim felt impelled to make a move before he was ready and forced to send out his apprentice before he was fully shaped.
~~~
The Sinhalien moved swiftly and steadily north, Asok always quietly in command. Soji found few words were spoken among these people, their understanding of each other intuitive and easily understood through expression and gesture. There was no overt aggression such as she was accustomed to and no apparent domination of one sex over another.
The steppe horses were smaller than she was used to but were capable of long, exhausting stints that proved their worth for stamina. Soji rode her own horse. It was taken from her at the end of the day and was cared for by a boy who travelled with them. Growing up, Soji had heard the saga about the warlord's trek over the mountain to attack the Sinhalien and knew, too, that he failed in his attempt at subjugation and didn't gain acquisition of the horses he so coveted. Living among these people, Soji began to understand why Lodestok failed.
Soji spent her days between Setoni, who watched her health, and Sagi, who began to teach her that her gifts were a blessing but had to be controlled. Soji, an apt and eager student, listened and learned.
Jonqi was always with her mother, her eyes bright and alert, but still the little girl made no effort to speak. One day, Soji timidly asked Sagi if she thought Jonqi was as mute as her father but was reassured by Sagi's deep chuckle. The older woman turned to stare down at the solemn-eyed child.
"There's nothing mute about that little girl," she assured Soji. "She'll speak when she feels she needs to, that one, and not before."
~~~
They'd travelled for half a cycle since they left the plains where Soji met up with the Sinhalien. They encountered some of the toughest terrain on Ambros, including inhospitable and isolated moorland that turned into marshy swamps, perilous for animals and people alike; they crossed uncharitable highlands, sparse forest that offered little shelter, and scorched downs where the sun shone relentlessly and where they had no protection by day. Soji found it difficult to believe steppe traders once, long ago, plied north along these routes, because she could see no defined paths and was completely lost. Once, she was told, this area was heavily forested.
They'd ridden hard across once lush uplands that skirted beetling peaks that, in turn, frowned on the riders below. They had to dismount often, too, so horses could be led round bluffs or up cliffs, the horses willing and agile but the riders sweating with anxiety.
They now travelled, at reduced speed, through a gorge with rocks that extended sheer above them on both sides, threatening and black. It was claustrophobic and thoroughly unpleasant. Soji rode with Sagi. Neither felt conversational. Setoni rode directly behind, Jonqi perched contentedly in front of him. There was only room for horses to go two abreast and Jonqi, at two cycles, had shown a decided preference for Setoni. Though the child never spoke, she made her wishes as clearly understood as had her father as a mute slave on the caravan.
The heat of the summer sun was merciless. It beat directly down on the backs of the riders trapped in the gorge and beat off the sides of the overhanging cliffs. Soji was near the front of the long file that moved wearily forward, but though she knew they were close to open ground, she didn't believe it.
She sweated profusely and felt deeply tired. Without conscious thought, she closed her eyes and let her mind drift, knowing that her horse would just walk on quietly next to Sagi's. It was then she clearly saw Luton. He rode in the company of others Soji couldn't see, but she saw the slender, tall figure, fully bearded now, erect in the saddle, his head turned towards her with the same remote coldness to his eyes as she remembered in Chika. Soji saw the curls, windblown and disordered, swirl about his head. His expression was bleak and Soji thought he looked painfully frail and thin.
Then she sensed another emotion that made her give an incoherent gasp and clamp her hand to her mouth. Her other hand went slack on the reins. Her body lurched to one side. Sagi quickly grasped the bridle and pulled the horse to a halt, calling out loudly and sharply for a stop. She was instantly off her mount, hands reaching for Soji. She pulled her ungently from the horse, stretched the girl out on the ground between the horse's hooves, then knelt, unplugging a waterskin from a bag she wore slung over a shoulder. Ignoring the confusion around her, Sagi lifted Soji's head and made the girl drink. Soji's eyes were wide. Sagi understood. Very gently, she sat beside Soji and drew the limp blond head into her lap. A hand held one of Soji's.
Sagi looked up to see Setoni hold the hand of a little girl whose dark eyes were fixed on her mother. Setoni squatted. Jonqi promptly ran to Sagi and tried to crawl into her lap beside her mother. The older woman made it possible and the little girl sat, staring silently down at her mother's face.
"A seeing?" asked the healer, in a neutral voice. Sagi nodded.
"I've lost her for the moment, but she'll come back."
"Of course," murmured Setoni, kneeling beside Soji's head. "She'll speak when she's ready, just as she always does. I wonder if it's Luton again?" Soji's lips moved.
"What is it, child?" asked Sagi. "Can you tell us what you see?" There was an inarticulate response at first and then clarity came to pale eyes.
"Luton," Soji replied in a firmer voice.
"Take me with you, child," said Setoni calmly. The girl tried to clutch at him but his hold steadied her. "Now, Soji, take me with you."
There was a long silence. Soji's eyes closed. Setoni's face was a mask of concentration, his eyes fixed to the girl's and his body erect and poised for any need. Soji shook so violently Sagi had to put the little girl to one side so she could keep Soji still.
"I'm here, child," she said softly. "Sagi's here."
"It's Setoni with you, Soji," whispered the healer. "Let go your fear, child. He can't harm you, even though he seems so close."
"Who?" demanded Sagi, her eyes piercing and cool.
"Soji!" reiterated Setoni in a sterner voice. As if she'd just heard him, Soji coughed. "Soji," he murmured again, only this time more gently. "Open your eyes and be with us." His composure had a soothing effect because the blue eyes opened to look directly into the healer's. "Good girl," approved Setoni. "Now, child, look at me and let me read exactly what happened." Though Soji gave a shudder, Sagi saw subdued submission. She obeyed.
When Setoni blinked he gave a deep reflective sigh, almost of relief Sagi thought, her eyes switching from the girl lying restfully still, to the healer whose eyes were intense and full of pathos. When Setoni got to his feet and brushed a hand across his eyes, Sagi noticed the hand was quite unsteady. He glanced at her with a faint smile. Sagi wasn't fooled, but made no comment. It was the steppe way. Setoni sighed again.
"She's seen Luton again, but you know that." Sagi nodded sharply. "The young man, as far as I can glean from pressing Soji very hard, moves north with a warrior lord called Kher. Didn't Soji tell us Kher was with Luton in Chika?" Sagi nodded again.
"Where's Luton going?" she asked coolly. Setoni looked back down at Soji.
"She doesn't know, but my guess is he's been sent north to the warlord. What frightened her wasn't Luton."
"I guessed that much," responded Sagi, lifting Soji so that the girl lay more comfortably. Setoni transferred his gaze to the unmoving figure. "Her seeing tells us much, doesn't it?"
"Yes," replied Setoni absently. "What frightened her," he went on, "is she had a seeing of the Keep - there she sensed a surge of fury from Blach about Jonqi. His flare of rage was ungovernable and she sensed what his revenge would be." The healer licked dry lips. "Gods," he whispered. "Not only that, I picked up Blach's rage at having to send his apprentice north, before the sorcerer had him ready for whatever purpose Luton's meant to serve. The boy's been so..." The healer's voice trailed off. He fell silent. He got abruptly to his feet and began to pace to and fro in some turbulence of mind. Sagi watched him, pursing her lips in thought.
"Soji?" she asked at last. Setoni came to a halt beside her.
"She isn't harmed, Sagi," he assured her, "but it was a vivid and frightening seeing. She needs a brief rest, though how she can here I simply don't know."
"What's wrong?" asked a deep quiet voice. Sagi and Setoni turned their heads in unison, to see Asok regarding Soji imperturbably.
"A seeing," explained Sagi.
"Is she hurt?" asked the calm voice.
"No, merely confused," replied Setoni. "She needs rest."
"I see." Looking round him at the precipices that hemmed them in, Asok stroked his beard, then he stooped and gathered Soji in strong arms. "Follow," he threw at Setoni and Sagi.
Setoni swept Jonqi up onto his shoulder and walked after Asok, who weaved his way between men and horses with a quiet word every so often to someone in his path. Asok kept moving for a few minutes, before the healer saw the man headed towards an area where the gorge widened to a level piece of land overhung by a large outcropping. The steppeman strode towards it slowly, his movements fluid and unhurried. He seemed unaware of the girl he carried. Setoni thought, for the umpteenth time, that he'd never seen Asok ruffled or baffled by any situation with which he was confronted.
Asok carefully leaned Soji against the rock, just as her eyes opened and met his placid gaze. A hand went to her mouth in the gesture she always made when she was disturbed.
"Don't fret, child," Asok said quietly. "When a seeing comes we're meant to learn from it. It's a gift." His calmness was reassuring, so Soji nodded. "Well and good, child," the deep voice went on. "After you've rested, we'll go on." She nodded again, her eyes following Asok when he turned and left.
Taking Jonqi from Setoni, Sagi crouched beside Soji.
"The healer came with me."
"Yes, child, I know. He's gone to be with Asok." Soji stared across at the older woman.
"I tried to stay with you as you taught me, Sagi."
"I know that, too, child. You've learned much since you've been with us but control of sight takes a very long time. You mustn't demand so much of yourself and try to let your talent evolve as it will. Let be now, child, and rest."
~~~
Asok didn't comment on Soji's seeing until much later in the day. Since the steppeman asked Setoni to stay with him until camp was struck, the healer was forewarned. His respect for Asok's perception was profound - he knew he had some uncomfortable moments to face once he was alone with the steppeman and wondered idly if he could obey the Mishtok. Asok gave nothing away. He merely conversed amiably on a wide range of topics. He was always calm and reflective, his eyes alert. As he rode next to Asok, Setoni gave an inward sigh because the moment of truth came near.
They came out of the gorge onto a plateau that overlooked a deep sward of green tundra sweeping for miles into the distance. The way down looked rocky and precipitous, with few footholds for riders. There was scrub and brush interspersed with exposed decayed roots of trees long gone, and small thickets of stunted hucklethorns that slashed anyone unwise enough to go near them. Their thorns were inches long and venomously vicious.
The body of riders milled on the huge plateau, all dismounting and standing staring into the distance. Soji could see relief on the faces, and when she, too, reached the plateau, she could see why - though the plains swept far away she knew the land was familiar to these people. Crossing this terrain would cause them no problems whatsoever.
And beyond this tundra, Soji knew the mountains lurked. Before the riders could reach the south-eastern fringes of the Shadowlands, they had to ascend the highest mountains on Ambros that split the eastern Shadowlands from the rest of central and southern Ambros. It was a formidable barrier. Though Soji couldn't see them, that thought sent a shiver crawling over her.
Carefully she lifted Jonqi down and set the little girl on her feet. When a small hand crept into hers, Soji looked down to see big dark eyes stare up at her and briefly saw Luton, except these eyes were calm and contented. Soji ruffled the soft dark curls that she refused to let anyone cut.
"Well then, my little daughter," she said softly. "Are you hungry?" The dark head nodded and Soji turned at the laugh behind her.
"The child always eats well, doesn't she, unlike the mother?" Soji saw Asok stare intently down at the child.
"Yes," murmured Soji.
She'd been brought up by dominant men, indulged as a child certainly, but was quite unused to men who had authority through a simple gesture, a movement, or a single word. Asok's calm assertiveness unnerved her. Soji was also aware her life was totally dependent on this man and recognised, too, that Jonqi's future rested entirely in his hands. So, out of a childhood ingrained habit, she bent her head while he stood there, his gaze travelling from Jonqi with her hand clasped in her mother's, to Soji with bowed head.
"And are you recovered now, child?" he asked mildly.
Soji answered quietly, "I thank you, yes." She felt Asok's hand under her chin and reluctantly met the placid and unfathomable eyes that regarded her.
"You mustn't be afraid of me, child," he was saying. "Clearly you were meant to come to us, as was the child. Be assured I wouldn't hurt either of you. Can you try to believe that?" Soji saw a smile touch the gray eyes. She nodded, aware his eyes still searched hers. "I've seen your fear for seasons now, girl. Am I so threatening to you and your daughter?" Tears came involuntarily to the blue eyes. When Soji tried to respond and then shook her head, Asok calmly wiped the tears from thin cheeks, his eyes holding compassion as well as understanding. "You've been badly abused, Soji. I won't permit anyone to cause you pain." Soji sniffed. "Am I so very different from your own people?" he asked gently. Soji nodded instantly.
"Yes," she whispered. Asok still held her chin.
"How?" His voice was unthreatening.
"They are aggressive in a way you are not. They dominate others and take what they want. As a woman in Churchik society, I would belong to a warrior who may decide to use me as he willed. If I was one of your people taken alive I'd have suffered dearly by now." She gestured helplessly when Asok let her go, his thoughtful gaze still dwelling on her face. She looked up unexpectedly. "Our people lack control," she said, as if this just came to her. "We are ruled by passions. We have no balance." The words that followed were a faint whisper. "We are a violent and cruel people, are we not? Look what we did to Luton." She felt Asok touch her head.
"Not all of you, child. Not all Churchik are that way. Your race is warlike and that's what the warlord and others have fostered. It's a sad end to any race to be as your people are, and they've done so much irreparable harm to Ambros. But no one can blame you for what your warriors have done in the name of conquest and empire."
"I watch you," murmured Soji. "Sagi shows me how different we are." There was a pause, then Soji lifted her blond head and looked up at Asok again, saying very quietly, "I can never go back, can I?" Asok regarded the blond head.
"Do you wish to?" A tremor shook Soji and her voice when she answered was unsteady.
"My death sentence lasts as long as I do, and Tago -." She quivered. "Even if my sentence was commuted, I could not go to a Churchik man now."
"Then clearly you can't go back. What I asked you, child, is this; do you wish to go back?"
"No!" The vehemence in her voice startled even Soji. It surprised Asok. His eyes were reflective.
"Then perhaps, child, you should be consider life with us," he said very gently. Soji looked up tentatively. "Sagi will take care of you and Jonqi -," Asok paused infinitesimally, "- for as long as you wish. Setoni and she will continue to teach you." Asok glanced down at her. "You have my blessing if you choose to mate among us, Soji."
He was gone on the words. Soji stared speechlessly after him, only coming back to awareness when she felt the tug on her hand from Jonqi.
~~~
Soji thought long and hard about Asok's words. They kept coming to mind while they travelled. She'd learned to speak little, because among these people it wasn't necessary and she'd never been a garrulous person. As the days passed and they crossed the tundra at an easy pace, Soji became increasingly preoccupied. Few noticed anything different about her, except Sagi. Of an evening, Soji's eyes wandered wistfully in the direction of the steppemen who sat cross-legged and laughing over their food and later squabbled amicably over their games. They were inveterate gamblers. She was too shy to approach.
She found these folk relaxed and as one with their environment. Her earlier fear of them, after her meeting with the mountain patrol, had given way to an understanding of why they'd so willingly taken Jonqi and why they'd finally taken her. She was told Sagi 'saw' a small child a cycle earlier, as well as a younger picture of herself, so very unlike the thin boy the patrol found. She didn't need to be reminded that here, seers were revered.
Nor did Soji see any woman taken unwillingly among the steppefolk, who treated them as equals and not subordinate, as she was taught to be. Soji realised early on that Asok and Sagi were mated, that Asokin was their son and that they had other children who were older. She was intrigued they didn't have a formal marriage in the way of her kind, but accepted the steppe way was probably more natural. She watched the girls and boys as they came to maturity and then reached adulthood, the rituals highly sensual and erotic. She couldn't know how like Samar this was. Matings were no less so, the celebrations attendant on these festivities quite spontaneous. There were feasts around seasons and Soji learned to revere nature as much as the steppefolk did.
The young she saw matured quickly and became quite independent at an early age, the boys and girls leaving their parents to live in communal obtusas by the time they were six or seven cycles. Already she noticed that Asokin, who was barely ten cycles, lived with the bachelor men and was trained in fighting skills.
Soji wondered, this evening, as she looked down at Jonqi curled up in her lap with her eyes peacefully closed, how Jonqi would adapt to that life, and then thought that when the child was six cycles she'd be just another steppe child. That made Soji feel content - Jonqi wouldn't be a Churchik child with Churchik values and attitudes.
She was three cycles and growing fast. The child was tall for her age, but so slender she looked delicate, though she was tough and very healthy. The eyes were her father's black, the long curling lashes reminiscent of Luton, as was the dark, thick hair that shone with regular brushing. She looked remarkably like Myme Chlo at the same age and the resemblance would become more marked as she got older.
Only a season before, Jonqi startled everyone by talking fluently, no infant talk and no stumbling over words. It was as if Jonqi skipped that stage of childhood entirely. She still seldom spoke, her eyes watching and missing nothing, but now Soji's lingering doubts about the child's abilities were set at rest. The child read effortlessly. It was with curiosity that Setoni studied the little bent head when Jonqi was with him, while she carefully and slowly read out loud. He felt this little girl was highly unusual and would need to be carefully watched.
Tonight Soji had eaten and now contemplated nothing in particular. Her seeing was more ordered and she could trace her sight more easily these days. Her visions of Luton increased. She knew where he was as he made his way northwards. It was through these constant and increasingly sharp visions, which now sometimes included conversations, that the Mishtok could keep Yarilo informed of Luton. Soji even curled up at Asok's feet so she could recount for him what she'd seen. She felt new contentment.
As she often did, she glanced over at the young men sitting comfortably beyond the fire she was close to and encountered a quick glance, not for the first time, from one of them. His name was Leontok. He was a tall steppeman, with a quiet, reflective demeanour and Soji judged he was in his twenty cycles. She thought he was kin to Asok and Sagi. When she blushed, he smiled at her and instinctively she responded, the smile lighting her eyes and transforming her.
Then she looked away. She was afraid of Asok's suggestion, because she was wary of being hurt again, yet she desperately wanted to be as one with these people. Soji gave a small sigh. She drank. She set the cup on the ground, gently shifted the sleeping child to the ground beside her and lifted some weaving from beside her, applying herself half-heartedly.
"A deep sigh suggests a restless heart, child," observed Sagi quietly beside her. "Is that so?" Soji's shook her head.
"No, Sagi, I am not restless. I am as content as I can remember."
Sagi saw the clear exchange between Leontok and Soji and her perceptive glance took in the flushed cheeks.
"Are you thinking about what Asok said to you some time ago, child? You're deeply thoughtful tonight." Soji concentrated on her weaving for a minute, then when she spoke she was hesitant.
"I know he thinks my life should be with you and your people, Sagi. He knows, as you do, that I can never go back. Nor do I want to." Soji shivered, despite the proximity of the fire.
"So, child? What's the problem?"
"I would like to live among you. Sagi, I am Churchik, daughter of one of the warlord's most senior and cruellest warriors. It is just that - Sagi, who would wish to choose such a one as me?"
Sagi immediately put her arms round the slight shoulders. Once Soji was willowy at fourteen cycles, but after her experience with Luton she'd become painfully thin. Her subsequent illness left her frail. Sagi felt she clasped a wisp.
"Why shouldn't they, child?" she asked softly.
"I told you. I am Churchik, daughter of one of the warlord's most senior and fiercest warrior lords. I have a child. I used a man and then killed him, and I am in marri to another warrior. My child is a sorcerer's daughter." Soji's voice became a broken whisper. "I have nothing to offer a decent man, Sagi." Sagi's grip tightened.
"Shall I tell you how we see you, child?" Soji shook her head. Sagi spoke quietly and calmly. "I see a young woman, hurt beyond belief. She's tall in the southern way but so frail the wind could take her from us in a single puff. She has silky blond hair unknown among us and her eyes are soft and blue. Her skin is pale, unlike ours.
She has an appealing little daughter, who resembles someone whose looks are alien to us. The child's conception was cruel and violent, but she was born for a reason and brought her mother to knowledge of her sight. You know as well as I do, Soji, that Jonqi's destiny is written as is your own. You are a rare seer. You killed a warrior to save your child from an appalling fate and nearly died to do so. You even accepted a warrior in marriage because that was the only way you could see an escape from your father. We don't see a Churchik with us, Soji, or a warrior's daughter, other than in her courage and determination. You have everything to offer a man, child, everything." The tense figure fell back against Sagi's shoulder. Soji stayed that way for long minutes.
"Then Asok meant what he said?" Sagi smiled broadly and gave the girl she held a gentle, admonitory shake.
"Now when, child, has Asok ever said anything he didn't mean?" Soji bit her lower lip. "Who do you fancy, you foolish child?" Soji caught Sagi's look. "There's a young one who wishes to know you better." Soji's head went down.
"Is there?"
"You know there is. Soji, child, let him come. Don't let your experiences in Chika and Dahkilah make you have a lifetime of regret." Sagi turned Soji's head so that blue eyes met gray. "You'll never be treated that way again, child. Let a steppeman show you what love can be and don't be afraid." The gray eyes held the blue ones for long enough for Sagi to see the longing there.
~~~
The long summer days passed by and were idyllic for Soji. She was warm, felt she belonged and moved into an obtusa with other unmated girls. She began to take the idea of a mate seriously, noticed Leontok more by the day and became aware he watched her from a distance, a welcoming smile in his eyes. Each day she responded more to the encouragement, sensing that he was more than interested.
When he finally came to talk and asked her to walk with him, Sagi smiled and poked Asok when he merely raised an eyebrow. As the evenings drew in to autumn, Leontok sat with Soji while she ate, his arms around Jonqi who adopted him immediately.
One evening just before dark, as Soji knelt outside Sagi's obtusa, she looked up to see Leontok stand several paces from her. She felt blood rush to her face and bent her head over the herbs she'd gathered and sorted for drying. Leontok's voice was deep and calm, like Asok's, she thought with a flutter.
"What are you doing, Soji?" he asked, an amused light in his eyes.
Her heart missed a beat, she glanced up, aware he drew closer until he stood directly in front of her. His expression was kind.
"Sorting herbs," she murmured, though she'd no idea what pile was which and didn't really care. Leontok stooped. Putting a hand to her wrist, he pulled her gently to her feet.
"Look at me, child," he said quietly. "Let me read your eyes, Soji."
Flustered, Soji half-turned, muttering unintelligibly about Jonqi. She heard Leontok say something above her head, heard a movement behind her and from the corner of her eye saw Sagi scoop up Jonqi and disappear inside the obtusa. She stood still, feeling very young, then, without encouragement she lifted her head. Her eyes met Leontok's.
After they broke eye contact, Leontok took a very deep breath and sat cross-legged on the ground, indicating as he sank that Soji do likewise. She sat opposite, but immediately he changed position so he was next to her and could place his arm about her. She didn't flinch. Leontok felt her nestle into his arm and smiled when he looked down at the blond head.
"I'm asking you to come to me, Soji," he said very gently, his free hand touching the long silky hair. The answer was so quiet, he almost missed it.
"I'll come." Leontok stayed beside her, both arms protectively about her.
"No one, my little Soji, will ever harm you - I swear that to you with my life. I'll cherish your little one as if she was my own and you'll want for nothing."
~~~
It was a pleasantly weary twosome that emerged the next morning, to the faint clucking sounds that showed the camp knew of the mating and showed their approval and delight. Soji suddenly remembered she hadn't sought Asok's permission and reminded Leontok of that. He merely laughed and tickling her made her forget all about it.
Asok looked at the tall steppeman who approached, a smile lurking at the back of the older man's eyes. Asok thought how like his mother Leontok was, both in personality and in mannerisms. The young man knelt before him, head bowed.
"Yes, young man?" asked Asok in amused tones.
"I respectfully ask your permission to take a mate for life, Hasuran." Asok followed the ritual.
"With whom?"
"Soji, daughter of Alleghy and Soraya, child of the Churchik."
"Unless there's some reason it shouldn't be so, then permission's granted. Bring the chosen one to me." When Soji was brought to him, Asok was immediately aware of a change in her.
"Yes, young woman?"
"I respectfully ask your permission to take a mate for life, Hasuran."
"With whom?"
"With Leontok -."
Soji broke off in deepest confusion. When Asok's eyes danced, Setoni shook his head reprovingly at him. Sagi smiled with pleasure. Soji was silent then knew Leontok came to kneel beside her.
"Son of Asok and Sagi," he said quietly.


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Daxel slept in very late this morning, but that wasn't surprising because he got to bed very late indeed after he and Ahliah sat up, gambling, almost till dawn. He stretched indolently but made no attempt to rise, unaware his chamber was cold because, even with the weather become wintry, Daxel always slept with the window open. Over the cycles, since he'd lived rough out in the open, he'd become inured to the cold. He dozed comfortably. He finally woke to find Kaleb observing him, an amused twinkle in the clear eyes.
He struggled up on his elbows. A spurt of panic gripped him. He'd lived with distress for so long, he was profoundly afraid. Kaleb shivered and crossed the chamber to close the window, then returned to perch on the edge of the bed, looking intently into Daxel's suddenly timid eyes.
"Don't be afraid of me," he cautioned Daxel calmly. "You must accept life, you know, however hard it may be." Daxel swallowed an unaccountable lump in his throat.
"I'd have come. It's just that I woke late -."
"I knew you'd come, lad. Just rest back easily and relax." Daxel obeyed, but he was very tense.
"This isn't going to be pleasant, is it?" he asked nervously, responding to the hand that pushed him further back on the cushions.
"You'll see, lad, you'll see. Look at me, Dase."
Fighting an overpowering instinct not to let down his defences, Daxel finally and unwillingly met the healer's odd-coloured eyes. He heard Kaleb's voice very clearly in his mind when he tried to break the visual contact but couldn't. The healer's eyes were strangely compelling.
"Tell me about your home in Ortok, then lead me to the day you lost Lute. Don't miss out anything if you can help it and know that I'm with you."
Daxel let loose raw torment. It poured forth in a torrent of words and broken sobs. When Kaleb turned quietly, picked up a cup he'd brought with him and held it to Daxel's mouth, the young man gulped at it. Once the cup was drained, the healer took Daxel back to Ortok and watched the distressed figure re-live a nightmare. Finally, Kaleb let the boy rest dreamlessly. When the healer rose, he frowned deeply. He looked consideringly at the curled figure.
"Until tomorrow, lad, until tomorrow," he said softly.
~~~
For the next few days, Kaleb spent most of his time with Daxel. It left Ahliah to search for his young friend in vain. He finally hesitantly approached Sarehl, who studied the young man contemplatively before he quietly explained why Daxel wasn't about. Ahliah sobered instantly and his voice was a stutter.
"Strategos," he said uncertainly. "I can't comprehend what's happened to you and Dase. He won't talk of Ortok to me, though I know it deeply grieves him. Only a fool wouldn't know how seriously you were hurt and I'm only sorry it took so long for our people to realise you can't stand all day. Even though I can't imagine the hell you've both endured, I wish there was something I could do for Dase. Does the healer help?"
"Yes, lad, he does," responded Sarehl with a smile. He put his hand on Ahliah's shoulder. "I hope you don't have to experience what Samar suffered, Ahliah. And you do help Dase, you know. You've offered him real friendship and he enjoys your company. It's good to see him out and about with those his age again and it means much to me to see him being young. We were made older than our cycles after Ortok, you see."
"Yes," replied Ahliah seriously. "I can see that. My father says you're a man older and wiser than would be expected of one so young." Sarehl laughed.
"Well, that's a compliment, I suppose."
"From my father, Strategos, that is indeed a compliment," grinned Ahliah, pushing at the long strand of hair that kept falling across his face. "He says Dase shows signs of profound hurt."
"Are you asking me why, Ahliah?" Ahliah fidgeted.
"I haven't known Dase long," he began hesitantly, as if choosing his words with care, "and I'd not be so presumptuous as to suggest I know him. It's just that, sometimes, I sense he seems incomplete; there's an unsatisfied hunger in him for a part of himself he seems unable to find. Perhaps I'm imagining things." Ahliah ran a hand across his mouth while he thought. He didn't see the long look Sarehl gave him.
"Ahliah," Sarehl said quietly. The young head turned up. "I'll tell you something that must be repeated to no one, not even to Dase." Ahliah nodded.
"I understand, Strategos," he answered quickly.
"I told you Dase is with the healer, because he's not recovered from the devastation he experienced in Samar. That's not a lie, but it isn't the whole truth either. Perhaps it'll help if I explain the reason you so acutely sense my brother isn't whole, is simply because he isn't. He lost his twin brother in Ortok and it's he Dase seeks every day, without respite, as he's done for nearly eight cycles now. They're identical, you see."
"Gods," whispered Ahliah, his hand rubbing his cheek. He looked quite pale. "What's his twin's name?"
"Luton, though he always answered to Lute. Dase grieves ceaselessly because he can't reach his brother in the way twins do. Lute was taken as a slave and sent south on one of the caravans. We know nothing other than that, though Dase senses someone has Lute and the boy's suffered very badly. Dase may not endure all Lute's physical pain, or even all the mental agony, but he suffers enough, is tormented and experiences anguish in ways others can't even begin to comprehend. He felt Lute a lot in the earlier days. Their distress for the other is very real."
"Gods," said Ahliah again. He grasped Sarehl's hand and gripped it hard. "Strategos, Dase tells me at some stage he'll return to the northern army. I've prevailed on Father to let me go then, though I've not told other than you. Your work's been successful, you see." The youthful grin was a little twisted. "I'm to take a unit with me, but that's not important - what is, is that I'll stay with Dase from now on and we'll fight together. He'll have a friend he can trust, Strategos, that I promise you." Sarehl looked at the flushed, earnest countenance and smiled.
"Ahliah, I couldn't wish the boy to have a better friend."
"Nor," was the pointed and surprisingly mature response, "could I, Strategos, ask for a better friend than Dase."
Ahliah wasn't obvious in the way he changed towards Daxel. Sarehl noticed the young man, a cycle older than his brother, was more protective of his younger friend, not permitting teasing about where Daxel was from and guarding the youth from persistent and inquisitive questions that made Daxel want to curl up inside. It was subtly done. Sarehl was grateful for the friendship Ahliah offered his brother and respected the young man for the way he shrugged off the knowledge that neither Sarehl, nor Daxel, was royal.
The prince just stared blandly when yet again another courtier chided him on his common friend. His reply was to the point.
"Perhaps," Kaleb heard Ahliah say coolly one morning, "it's an object lesson for a prince that he should seek his friends from outside the royal circle. That way he may be sure they are friends, rather than those who constantly seek companionship for less noble reasons."
Kaleb noticed the courtier went muttering on his way, nor did the young prince see Kaleb's broad grin. The healer was thinking of Ensore.
~~~
Kaleb worked hard with Daxel. The healer only let the young man's awareness gradually return. Daxel accepted the past more easily as one session succeeded another, because he learned to stop fighting both the healer and his hurt. By the end of a week, Daxel talked freely about his twin, Alicia and the children and Sarehl as a younger man, the loved older brother who teased. Kaleb made Daxel understand who Sarehl now was and accept his elder brother had changed and adapted. Daxel let go his guilt over Brue.
Finally, his cheeks white and wet, he let out the overwhelming sense of failure that gripped him over his not being with Luton and being unable to help the one person dearest to him on Ambros. It was an agony that twisted in him like a knife for cycles. Now, slowly, he set it free. Though he wept, it was with relief rather than anguish.
"How could you know what would happen, Dase?" asked Kaleb, reasonably.
"I couldn't," whispered Daxel.
"No. So should you feel guilt, any more than, say, Lute himself if the roles were reversed?"
"No."
Kaleb sat quietly looking at the dark, pensive eyes that stared into the distance. The healer may have helped Daxel in many ways, but as he looked at the profile of the one beside him, Kaleb knew he couldn't give the boy back his youth and innocence. They were irreparably torn from Daxel the day Ortok was sacked.
"We need to speak more of Lute, lad," he said gently. The black eyes turned to the healer, Daxel not flinching at his twin's name. There was no pain in the eyes, just sad and patient resignation.
"Aye, Kaleb, if that's what you wish," he answered, in a subdued voice.
"You mention you felt him until you were about fifteen cycles and then abruptly sensed nothing much other than flurries of sensation. Is that correct?" Daxel nodded. "I want you to go back to each time you felt him, to see if we can piece together anything coherent about him."
"Aye," mumbled Daxel, still unwilling. Kaleb smiled when he saw the faintest flinch, well aware the pain Daxel felt was very real. He understood.
"Go back again for me, lad." Daxel closed his eyes on a sigh.
"The pain was there off and on, Kaleb, for the first few months because I tried to send comfort. I don't think he responded, but I don't know. I knew he endured awful physical pain because I felt some of that too. The sensations I got came and went, as if Lute's mind was closed."
"Terror, fear and extreme pain can close a mind as sharply as slamming shut a door, lad."
"As I told you, I know Mam died because I felt her death, and Bruno's, through Lute - I know, too, that they died in an awful way." Daxel's voice was unusually steady, Kaleb noticed. He watched the young face. "If I remember, Lute was made to watch. Kaleb, I can't be sure -."
"You've pushed all that away, lad, haven't you?"
"He was in such agony, Kaleb," murmured Daxel, opening his eyes. "I'm not sure that I can bear that again. And I think we sent our shock and fright backwards and forwards to each other, to the point where neither of us could cope anymore. I flooded him and he flooded me. I was trying to get from the city with Brue."
"Lad," said the healer softly. "See how far we've come. But will you feel truly reconciled until we face what you and Luton experienced together, so long ago?"
"No," whispered Daxel, his eyes wide, a trapped expression in their depths.
"You won't be alone, if you don't want to be." Daxel licked his lips, then bit his lower one. "Would it help if I travelled back with you?"
It was a tentative offer, the healer's expression showing he clearly expected a rebuff. He was, therefore, surprised when Daxel came and knelt beside him, then sat fully on the mat at his feet, long legs stretched out in front of him and his head rested against the healer's knees.
Daxel turned his head and looking up at Kaleb, said appreciatively, "It would help."
They locked eyes and Kaleb let Daxel lead him back. The healer had never been inside the young man's mind, other than to tell him to relax. He'd merely acted as a spiritual guide and healer, so the experiences he went through with Daxel shook him profoundly. He felt the pain of both Melas' death and, likewise, Bruno's agony until the man drew a last choking breath. He endured, with Daxel, some of the physical shock and pain of Luton's encounter with the Churchik warriors who treated the boy with amused contempt as they held him flat on the pallet, one man following another. The actual specific detail of experience was quite unclear, only the emotions of it surging into Daxel's consciousness. It was enough for the healer. He sensed Luton's inability to utter a sound, then the on and off anguish of the caravan trail. He lived the later intermittent sensations Daxel experienced, of his twin being close to death with fever. The healer and Daxel experienced the drifting in and out of tormented consciousness while Luton, half-starved and in pain all the time, fought to survive.
There was a long period during which Daxel felt very little, just occasional tugs of pain and despair, but not often. Kaleb kept with him. Daxel's memories of Luton resurfaced with a sudden resurgence of physical agony that left Daxel and the healer breathless, but Kaleb kept the meld reassuringly firm and Daxel stable. At the same time there was a sensation of intense, bone-chilling cold and ice. It was followed by a despairing desire to die, mingled with fear. It was abruptly blocked. Kaleb suspected someone stopped the boy from killing himself and wondered why anyone would care to save a slave. He judged Luton was then fourteen cycles and had endured hell for one and a half cycles.
Not much later, the healer sensed bitter burning hatred that was snapped from Daxel's mind so sharply it caused Daxel to utter a whimper, but it passed very quickly only to be succeeded by a sensation Daxel couldn't understand. The healer did. He was stunned. The healer was shocked when he realised Luton briefly left himself and Kaleb felt a creeping malevolence that edged its way to where the young essence found itself.
Kaleb travelled forward seasons with Daxel, the young mind relatively untroubled until he was brought aware by a brief mental scream that set the healer's teeth on edge and made his nerves taut. Then, when Daxel was fifteen cycles, Luton's terror came again. It gripped and shook Daxel. Someone touched Luton's mind, nor was it benevolent. Seasons later saw shock immediately ameliorated, as if Luton's distress abated at once. An ongoing sense of deadness in Daxel came and went.
Between fifteen and sixteen cycles emotions surged and swirled in Daxel's consciousness, but only two strong emotions from his twin caught him. One was of sweating panic. The other caught Kaleb completely off guard. Even though the healer, Daxel's mind inextricably linked with his own, had the training and the sense to stay with Daxel and absorb all he felt, nevertheless, the power Kaleb sensed with Luton took all the healer's strength to absorb.
Kaleb felt the power that took Luton's mind and tore it completely apart, the boy left exposed and vulnerable, his emotions discarded with the most callous contempt the healer had ever experienced. He sensed the cruelty with which the emotions were shredded and it shook him to the foundations of his being. He sensed a sudden merging of the twin identities that plunged away, somewhere, with a strength of will the healer was unprepared for and then the identities faded as one. Luton wasn't there. Daxel wasn't whole either.
Kaleb shook. His hands trembled with shock. Daxel's eyes broke contact with his and the young man was on his feet, his body quivering as though he was struck, eyes wide and uncomprehending. His whole body reflected revulsion and terror. He staggered back.
"Kaleb," he begged on a stammer. "I've never felt that, never. Gods, what's happening? My mind! I'm losing my mind!"
Kaleb was quickly beside Daxel, the younger man's mind untrained and vulnerable. Holding up his hands in despair, Daxel recoiled from the healer and when he could retreat no further, Kaleb took the hands in his in a very strong grasp.
"No more," gasped Daxel, his cheeks chalky. The young voice rose in near hysteria. "What's been done to Lute? Who has him? Who's hurting him? Gods, help us!"
"Nothing, lad, nothing."
Urgently, Kaleb stared up into the wild eyes. Daxel, forgetting everything but his twin, looked momentarily down. Kaleb held him in a powerful mind block. He had the immediate satisfaction of seeing the young body relax and knew panic went. Once the healer had Daxel fully under control, Kaleb led him to a chair, pushed him down, then crossed the room to fill two goblets, one of them quickly drugged. Without a word, he made Daxel take the goblet and drink. Daxel closed his eyes. He let his mind drift pleasantly, no memory disturbing his tranquillity. Kaleb's block was strong.
After ten minutes or so Daxel woke, shook his head, and looked directly at Kaleb seated opposite, goblet in hand and his face impassive.
"You were telling me about the day you heard from Sarehl about Brue, lad," said Kaleb encouragingly.
"Was I?" asked Daxel, in a faintly troubled voice. "I can't remember." He frowned in an effort at recall and then began to talk, the healer watching him inscrutably.
After his session with Daxel, Kaleb was left shaken and reflective. He recovered from the immediate shock quite quickly but his anxiety was heightened by the danger he perceived they were all in. He'd recognised a mage's power and knew it was a malign power at that; he knew, too, it wasn't just Luton who was affected. Through Luton, they were all imperilled, because the jump from that boy to an identical twin was simple.
He blenched at the thought of what Luton could now be, after cycles with a mage and at nineteen cycles of age, and shuddered at what could be done to Daxel, through his twin. Kaleb suspected it was only a matter of time before whoever now controlled Luton stretched through and beyond him, to Daxel, Sarehl and even to Brue. A power such as the healer felt would know clearly of their existence, if not now, very soon.
Kaleb was reluctant to call, but he sensed he had no choice. He felt the faint voice of the Mishtok in his mind and it was as cold as he remembered back at the Conclave.
"Fourth Level," it said distantly. "Explain this risk you take in calling."
"Reverence," sent Kaleb devoutly. "I felt I had no choice after what I've just learned."
"Open to me."
Briefly, the Mishtok went through what Kaleb had learned from Daxel's mind, the healer hearing at the end a faint whisper, or, Kaleb thought, it could have been a sigh.
"The mind of a mage," said the dispassionate voice ruminatively. "There's a disturbance in the aethyr in southern Ambros -." There was perturbation in the urbane voice. "Thank you, Fourth Level. You've been most helpful. You'll continue to use your discretion with the brothers."
"Reverence."
"I find it a blessing Adept Leon's very near you. He'll be able to assist in creating deeper blocks for those who could be touched, hurt and used. He should enter Krynn a few weeks from now. Maintain a full block on the young man, Fourth Level. We want no further abuse of that young one. His twin's fate is tragedy enough."
"I understand, Reverence."
~~~
Daxel went to the healer once more. Kaleb sensed he was completely relaxed. Daxel spoke unresisting about his past. Kaleb scarcely had to prompt him. He answered the healer unhesitatingly and without flinching. He finally learned to accept.
Kaleb talked with Daxel about Luton, purely on a superficial level. The healer sensed no guilt in Daxel about his twin, just desperate yearning certainly, regret too, but no self-blame. This afternoon, Kaleb was away with his musings, unaware of the curious look he got from Daxel.
"Private thoughts?" Daxel asked.
"Aye," apologised the healer, idly swinging a leg over the edge of his chair. He looked hard at Daxel. "Do you need me anymore, lad?" Daxel's dark eyes were thoughtful, then he grinned and rose to his feet.
"No, Kaleb, I don't think I do."
"No," Kaleb agreed, grinning up amiably at the tall young man. "I don't think you do either."
He watched Daxel stride to the door, where the young man paused to look back with an impudent wave. He looked, Kaleb thought, much younger.
~~~
Kaleb found Sarehl in the office the King had set up strictly for the use of the Strategos. It was extremely comfortable with capacious chairs, cushions and deeply piled rugs. With winter creeping closer, the fire was never allowed to die and blazed merrily with considerable warmth. Sarehl's desk was covered with sheets of paper and maps. A large parchment sheet was open, obviously the point of a recent discussion, because Kaleb entered just as Sarehl escorted the Lord Chamberlain and the senior members of the King's council to the door. When Sarehl came back in, he brushed a hand across his eyes and his voice was worn.
"I seem to have to repeat myself so much."
"Don't they understand?" asked Kaleb sympathetically.
"Yes," answered Sarehl, with a trace of impatience. "They all understand perfectly well, but they can't agree, so each one asks me to repeat my suggestion." He gritted his teeth. "It makes me think a benevolent tyranny has much to recommend it. At least one would get things done."
Kaleb looked measuringly at Sarehl, then strolled over to a table that was littered with documentation, under which he tried to find wine and clean goblets. He carried a full goblet across to the desk, where Sarehl stood staring down frowningly, and held it out.
"I hate to compound your problems, my friend, but can you spare me a little of your time?" Sarehl's head came up at that and his glance was keen.
"Yes?"
"I've been talking with Dase, as you know."
"Yes, I do. You've helped him a great deal and have my gratitude. Our debt to you's enormous. And?" The look that went with the question was intent.
"The lad's done very well," Kaleb admitted with a smile. "I think he'll find it considerably easier to live with himself." The healer paused before continuing - Sarehl didn't miss the hesitation." The day before yesterday, Sarehl, we attempted to trace Lute and find out all we could about him." The healer paused again, his heart wrung when he looked into the dark, watchful eyes.
"Tell me the worst, my friend," said Sarehl, unconsciously straightening and bracing himself. "I can tell how disturbed you are." As Kaleb had done times before, he wondered if Sarehl was talented.
"We recalled memories Dase had completely forgotten and may be what Ensore wanted the boy to talk about. They were profoundly disturbing. He sensed Lute as I imagine only a twin can. It was extremely distressing and harrowing for him to have to re-live it again, so I'm very glad the lad accepted my offer to accompany him back. I've blocked the memories." There was a longer pause. "Sarehl, Lute's suffered in an indescribable way." Sarehl's gaze never wavered, but the healer noticed the slender hand holding the goblet shook.
"Go on," said Sarehl quietly.
"I don't intend you to undergo unnecessary pain, Sarehl, so I refuse to go into details. Suffice it to say that Lute's now under the control of a malign power, someone you and I couldn't comprehend."
"A reader-seeker perhaps?" asked Sarehl huskily, through suddenly dry lips. He licked them. Kaleb shook his head.
"More powerful than an Adept, my friend."
"Are you an Adept, Kaleb?"
"No, I'm a Level Four. An Adept is well beyond that, but even an Adept couldn't, wouldn't, do what I sense this power's done to Lute." Sarehl almost shouted.
"What's he done, damn him?" The hands gripping the goblet tightened until the knuckles whitened.
"He's insensible, numbed if you like. He can't, I suspect, feel anything physical or emotional unless he's briefly permitted to. But Lute did something with Dase that's so unexpected and I'm sure it happened when Ensore was with him. Lute melded, in totality with Dase, then took that meld to a depth, somewhere in him, where I can only guess he felt it was safe from whoever stripped his emotions, then tried to partially destroy his mind. Dase has lost all sense of feeling of part of himself. That's why he can't sense his brother. Lute's become passionless, Sarehl."
"Why?" Sarehl sank into a chair with his head in his hands. "In the name of any gods, why?"
"So he can be used, my friend," replied Kaleb slowly, "though I can't answer the motive for using the boy so."
"Who has him?" asked Sarehl in a whisper. "Oh gods, Kaleb, what've we done to deserve what's happened to us? Has our family transgressed so badly in the past we're being punished now? I was meant to die, Bethel's taken by the warlord and Lute's taken and drained by a power stronger than you say we can understand. I even wonder if we were all meant to die, the twins on a slave caravan, even Bethel after Lodestok finished with him - Brue, too? And Chlo? Was she marked for death by someone other than the warlord?" Sarehl didn't see the sudden arrested expression on the healer's face, because he softly wept. Kaleb quickly crossed to his side and went to his knees beside the chair.
"Sarehl," he said in a kindly voice, "it's best we know. It's ignorance that's so dangerous. I can't say if this is all coincidence, but I'm quite sure it's a blessing Dase came to you when he did."
Kaleb stayed silently beside his friend until Sarehl regained his composure, a strong hand rested on the younger man's shoulder, before he rose and crossed the room to a chair. Sarehl stared at the healer.
"Who has Lute, Kaleb? You know, don't you?" Kaleb shook his head.
"I'm not truly sure, but I've passed my knowledge on to someone who may know more than we do. You can take comfort from that."
"Is Lute in pain?"
"Not all the time, no. He's probably in less constant pain now than he was for cycles."
"Would he know us?" Kaleb frowned uneasily.
"The power I sensed wasn't benevolent, Sarehl. It may well have tampered with everything Lute was. We've no way of knowing what he's become." Sarehl looked worn and sad, his dark eyes sombre.
"There's something going on beyond our understanding, isn't there, Kaleb? I sense we're pieces on a board, moved carefully backwards and forwards, the game poised in the balance. I'm right, aren't I?" Sarehl brushed a hand across his eyes.
"That's quite possible," agreed Kaleb in a damping tone. "It's not a scenario I relish overmuch."
"I didn't mean to raise my voice at you, Kaleb, I'm sorry."
"Your restraint's admirable under the circumstances," was the calm comment in response. "I've blocked Dase's most traumatic memories so he can live without them resurfacing, as they surely would." Sarehl's expression hardened.
"We're beginning to learn a lot, aren't we? Is this power that controls Lute in any way connected with Lodestok, do you think?" Kaleb looked decidedly uncomfortable.
"Of that I can't be sure," he responded cautiously, "but it's certainly possible." He felt it was more than highly likely but sensed even more that Sarehl needed peace of mind.
"If it's so, then he has two out of six," murmured Sarehl. "There may've been only five, had I died as I know I was meant to."
"Aren't you being fanciful?" suggested Kaleb, though exactly the same thought had occurred to him. Sarehl shook his head. The healer raised an eyebrow. "Two out of six?"
"Lute and Bethel. Three of us escaped and none of us knows whether Myme Chlo's alive or dead. I just pray Scholar was able to get away and took her with him - I know he would if he could. The thought that what was done to Mam and Bruno could also have been done to her is -." Sarehl couldn't go on and he drank hastily.
Kaleb downed the rest of his wine and rose stiffly to get more. He took Sarehl's goblet too. There was a long silence while Sarehl grappled with emotions. Kaleb was well aware that his friend needed time to come to terms with Luton, but was even more conscious he couldn't let Sarehl have that time. The man was too vulnerable to attack, just as Daxel was.
"Can anyone reach Lute?" asked Sarehl, after a long and thoughtful pause.
"No one like us, my friend," said Kaleb heavily. "It would have to be someone of power."
"Like a mage, you mean," stated Sarehl bluntly. Speechlessly, and with his goblet half-way to his mouth, Kaleb stared at his friend. Sarehl gave him a slight smile. "You forget, Kaleb, I was to be a scholar. Every waking minute when I'm not tied up in politics and military matters, not that it's very often, I read and research in the libraries and archives, everywhere we go.
I know about the Mishtok and the Conclave. I know about reader-seekers like yourself who are Yazd and that there are only three Adepts at any one time, but I haven't yet sorted out your specific functions throughout Ambros, or why your Conclave was formed. I've read, in the more ancient scripts, of references to mages who inhabit a different plane and move between time through the aethyr, using the void to come and go - don't they?" Kaleb pursed his lips and shook his head at Sarehl.
"You're learning dangerous things, my friend. Who else do you talk to about this?"
"No one," answered Sarehl, tilting his goblet. "You or Ensore are the only ones to whom I'd speak of such things. Other folk would think the sun had got to me." Kaleb gave a reluctant chuckle at that, but his tone was urgent.
"Sarehl, you -."
"It's a mage who has Lute, isn't it?" interrupted Sarehl, one hand raised. Kaleb shrugged helplessly, conscious of searching black eyes.
"I suspect so, but I don't truly know."
"Do you wish to close my mind in the way you closed Dase's?" Kaleb looked consideringly at the man opposite.
"I know I should, my friend, for the time being." Sarehl's smile went awry.
"Then do it, Kaleb, if it means our safety. You fear the mage could reach through Lute, don't you?" Kaleb nodded. "You see, dreadful comprehension has come to me," added Sarehl. "I suspect the mage, whoever he is, works in collusion with the warlord and that gives Lodestok frightening power, doesn't it? The implications of that are such that..." Sarehl's voice trailed away. Kaleb crossed to Sarehl and knelt beside him again.
Looking up into the dark eyes, Kaleb said questioningly, "Have you power of your own, my friend?" Sarehl looked down into clear eyes that held his black ones - Sarehl's momentarily clouded then became as clear as the healer's. "I believe you've much more than you know. Forget for now, Sarehl," whispered Kaleb.
~~~
A healer arrived at the gates of the city, and, since healers were always welcome anywhere in northern Ambros, his reception was kindly and courteous. The healer was small-built, with wispy brown hair and an even wispier brown beard that was quite wild and untrimmed. The man had colourless eyes and looked tired. He quietly asked for the direction of Kaleb, the healer, and was pointed in the right way by an obliging guard.
"You mean the healer with the Samar Strategos, don't you?"
"That's the one," the healer concurred, picking up his bundles and turning in the direction the guard indicated.
Kaleb busily sorted herbs when a voice behind him spoke,
"Fourth Level Kaleb, isn't it?" Kaleb turned, leapt to his feet and crossed the room swiftly, sank to his knees and took the out-held hand to his lips.
"Adept Leon," he murmured. The little man smiled down at him affectionately.
"Enough of that," he remonstrated, pulling his hand free and helping Kaleb to his feet.
Kaleb was a short man and not especially broad, but he looked large beside the Adept who was so slight he seemed to fade when he stood sideways. Kaleb stood back, indicating that Leon should take a seat. Thankfully, Leon did. He watched while Kaleb poured wine and gave a sigh at his first mouthful.
"This," he said gently, "is excellent. You're doing very well." Kaleb smiled.
"An advantage of being with the Strategos, Seignore."
"Yes," murmured Leon. "I've heard much of this Strategos as I've travelled north. He's somewhat out of the ordinary, is that so?"
"I think so," replied Kaleb frankly. "Have you travelled far, Adept?"
"Leon, call me Leon," responded the Adept, drinking eagerly. "And to answer you, yes, it's been a long and arduous journey. I'll be pleased to rest for a short spell." Kaleb looked startled.
"Aren't you remaining with us?"
"No," was the blunt reply. "I'm here to speak and work with you and to see the Strategos for myself. The Mishtok wishes it so." Kaleb bent his head respectfully. "I'll be travelling to join the Chamah's army when the young one returns to it," he added, by way of explanation. He leaned back in the chair with another contented sigh, leaving Kaleb thoughtful but making no comment.
When the Adept entered Kaleb's mind, the younger healer felt there was nothing he'd ever done that escaped the very thorough scrutiny and assessment. It went on for a very long time. Leon lingered on Kaleb's time with Sarehl and then concentrated on Daxel's experiences with his twin, withdrawing as smoothly as he entered. He said very little afterwards, but one thing he said brought warmth to the healer that touched every part of him.
"You've been astute and skilled, Kaleb, and well earned your Post-Level Four. May you go in grace."
Kaleb couldn't reply. The Adept merely smiled at him. Later, alone, Kaleb inwardly rejoiced.
~~~
Kaleb watched Leon observe Sarehl and Daxel. At first he made no effort to converse with either of them, but merely looked on, an interested spectator. Sarehl was delighted to meet him.
He held out his hand, saying in his gentle, courtly way, "We're always pleased to welcome a countryman of Kaleb's. Are you a healer too?" Daxel simply grinned at the little man, his hand out.
"Do you put people to sleep as well?" he asked ingenuously.
Leon gave the very tall youth an amused smile. He thought the brothers were charming, unaffected and found himself drawn to them. He decided it would be no hardship to travel with Daxel, who not only had considerable charm but also possessed an unusually strong magnetism that was interesting, and he sensed unusual perception and untapped powerful talent in Sarehl that suggested caution was advisable. He and Kaleb had to choose their moments very carefully when they could catch each brother unaware, for just a moment, when dark eyes briefly met translucent ones - it was the only way Leon could meld with Kaleb to strongly reinforce blocks in the brothers' minds.
He had little time to observe Sarehl at his work with the Kyaran, before he became aware he'd again be on the move. He'd had enough time, though, to make some astute judgments on the Strategos and his friends that he was able to pass on. The more he saw of the Samars, the more he liked them. He saw, too, Ahliah's brotherly affection for Daxel and thoroughly approved of that developing relationship. He understood how deprived of young company Daxel was for too long and was pleased the young man responded to Ahliah's overtures of friendship. Though Daxel had been a courier and had worked with the young, he hadn't related to any of them as he did to Ahliah.
Leon was amused by Daxel's reaction to the news that Ahliah was to accompany him back to the Chamah. Daxel gave a tremulous smile, grasped Ahliah's hands for a moment, then strode off on his own. Methan, the elder prince, would be responsible for the troop to accompany the young pair from Krynn. Methan was twenty-four cycles and quite the opposite of his brother, a sturdy and dour young man trained from birth in his royal duties. They'd rather stifled him. He was inclined sometimes to be unintentionally pompous and somewhat hide-bound by protocol and convention. He was, though, very fond of his younger brother and very ready to accept Ahliah's friend. While he frowned on their escapades, he never made the mistake of correcting Ahliah, merely shaking his head reprovingly at both he and Daxel before going about his business. He and the Strategos had spent much time together so Sarehl, for one, was delighted Methan was going with his brother.
"You two are by far too caper-witted," he chuckled when Daxel told him. "Methan'll keep the pair of you in line."
"I like him," said Daxel, "but he's a dull fellow and not one for the women."
"No," agreed Sarehl musingly, eying his brother in amusement. "But then, there won't be any court women where you're going."
"No," sighed Daxel. "I wonder when Ens will call me back, Sar?"
"I've no idea, lad. It should be soon, I suspect."
Since Daxel was being relentlessly courted by the queen and her eldest daughter, Tamil, Sarehl was wondering how soon his brother could leave Krynn. Daxel had gradually fallen into court ways, baths no longer bothered him, he wore court clothes unselfconsciously and with flair, danced easily and frequently and was promptly responsive to the approaches of any young woman. The boy's apprehension about girls was long gone and Sarehl thought Daxel flirted in the most outrageous way, nothing, he felt, could more emphasise the boy's youth. Here, though, it could be perilous. The rough edges had rapidly disappeared, Daxel able to hold his own socially quite comfortably and he was a polished and accomplished flirt.
Sarehl noticed his brother also had an adroit way of handling boring conversations and could initiate new topics of conversation with some skill. People were willing to oblige him. He was also surprisingly diplomatic and had considerable charm that was as appealing as his youth, so much so Sarehl noticed that when Daxel was serious people stopped and listened. Daxel's respect for, and deference to his elders, won him instant approval as well.
~~~
Leon made a highly accurate assessment of the brothers, also of Kaleb, that he was ready to share with the Mishtok. The latter was silent for long moments after the meld, then his voice was pensive.
"You say the brothers are well blocked, Adept?"
"Yes, Monseignore."
"And what about the little boy?"
"Not yet, Monseignore."
"You know what to do there, don't you?"
"Yes, Monseignore, but the child is still young."
"Just enough to ensure the boy is difficult to locate."
"As soon as I reach the northern army, Monseignore."
"Thank you, Leon. The last few cycles have been a very tiring time for you, but we have much to thank you for. Are you more rested now?"
"Yes, thank you, Monseignore."
"Take care of yourself, Leon. May you travel in grace."
The Mishtok was gone.
~~~
Sarehl was very relieved to finally receive a letter from Ensore, only fifteen days after Leon arrived in Krynn, suggesting it was now safe for Daxel to return to his troop. Sarehl was increasingly concerned by Tamil's determined pursuit of his brother, so was content to see him leave because he wasn't sure Daxel was either mature or confident enough to refuse Tamil's pointed overtures.
He sent a messenger to search for Daxel and was, therefore, surprised when the young man strode into his office almost immediately, his eyes bright and inquisitive.
"A rider's come from the southeast. Is it about me?" Sarehl looked his brother over and started to laugh.
"Do you want it to be?"
"Don't tease," implored Daxel, his eyes like live coals. "Is it a message from Ensore?"
"Now why did I think you'd become content with Tamil running after you, little brother?"
"Sar!" said Daxel warningly, advancing on Sarehl. Sarehl threw up his hands.
"Yes, Dase, it's a message from Ensore. He wants you back."
"Ah!" It was a sigh of pleased satisfaction.
"So keen to leave me, are you?" mourned Sarehl.
Daxel stared at his brother incredulously. Then he saw Sarehl laugh at him and advanced most purposefully on his elder brother. They clinched playfully, until Daxel pulled back but kept his hands on Sarehl's shoulders and shook him.
"Oh my dignity," murmured Sarehl, straightening his belt. "You're a very strong young man, Dase, aren't you?" he added, eying Daxel up and down.
"I've no reason to be otherwise, best of brothers," returned Daxel, chuckling and letting Sarehl go. He pulled his tunic back into order. "You've remarkable strength in you, too, especially in your arms." He sauntered over to a chair and stretched out in his usual fashion that imitated Sarehl. He crossed his legs.
"Don't you want to know when you're to go?" quizzed Sarehl, lounging likewise.
"Doubtless you'll tell me," retorted Daxel on a grin.
"Tomorrow, little brother."
Sarehl spread out sheets on his lap, took the bottom sheet and handed it absently to Daxel who rose and stood beside him. Daxel's eyebrows rose.
"Are these my instructions?" Sarehl watched while his brother scanned the sheet before lounging back to the chair.
"In Ensore's letter here, Dase, is a strong request, that amounts to an order, that you follow your instructions without question. Now why, little brother, would Ensore put that?"
Daxel's head came up from the sheet he perused, heightened colour in the lean cheeks. The head went down swiftly.
"Nothing," Daxel mumbled. When Sarehl continued to stare at him silently, Daxel gave his brother a quick glance and sighed. "Oh, very well, Sar. I once didn't follow instructions exactly and ended up very close to a southern sweeping party." He added defensively, "You needn't look like that, Sar. Ongwin has a heavy hand and you can believe I felt it." He paused. "So has Eli. I'll never need another reminder to follow orders explicitly, I can tell you."
"What did Ensore do to you?" asked Sarehl curiously.
"I wish he'd thrashed me as well," confessed Daxel. "He tore me to ribbons."
"Not very pleasant, I shouldn't think."
"No, it wasn't," agreed Daxel, on a shiver. "I'd never seen Ensore like that and I hope to the gods I never do again. He was singularly unnerving, Sar, because he didn't lose his temper - quite the reverse. I felt chilled to the bone."
"Yes," commented Sarehl pensively, "I wouldn't like to anger Ensore." He bent his head back to the sheets he held. "He writes that they're seventy miles west of the tip of Lake Imaq - do you have anything more than that?"
"Aye. He says I'm to meet up with the vanguard three miles northwest of the Bay of Coldth. He's sketched me a map, Sar - would you like to see?" Sarehl went over to Daxel and stared over his shoulder. The map was quite explicit.
"It means you have to backtrack a little, Dase, to the southeast."
"Only a short way," agreed Daxel. "Is the rider who brought this still with us?"
"Aye. Ensore requests that he ride back with you. He expects Methan and Ahliah too. Also accompanying you, Kaleb tells me, is the other healer, Leon."
"Why on Ambros would he want to join an army?"
"Healers are always needed, Dase." Daxel's face sobered instantly.
"Aye, of course they are. It'll come to that soon, won't it?" Sarehl nodded. "It's just the poor man looks weary and he's only just got here."
"True, but he came on foot. With you, he'll ride. It's now much too cold for anyone to walk, let alone by themselves."
"Where is the warlord's army, Sar?"
"Ensore isn't sure exactly, but he places them where I do and that's northeast of Lake Imaq, not far from cresting the tip. He should reach that in another season or so, though the winter drawing closer will slow, then halt, him. It seems he's a good three seasons behind Ensore."
"Is he as far back as Ensore would like?"
"Perhaps not," mused Sarehl. "His scouts are well ahead of his troops and those he pushes very hard indeed."
"Are the winters up north always so cold, Sar?"
"So I believe, Dase, and the further north you go the worse it gets. You certainly learn to appreciate the warmth when it comes for such a short time every cycle."
"Home was a pleasant climate, Sar, wasn't it?" Sarehl smiled affectionately at Daxel.
"Aye, Dase, it was."
"Will we ever go back there, Sar, do you think?"
"To what, Dase? There's nothing left to go to, is there?"
"One day, Sar, I want to go back, to see where I come from." Sarehl heaved a despondent sigh.
"Lad," he said gently. "The future's a long way ahead."
"We may never see it," murmured Daxel. Sarehl eyed his brother thoughtfully.
"I think we will, Dase." Sarehl rustled the sheets on his lap into some sort of order. "Now, lad, Ensore also writes that all Sushi troops have met up with the northern army. He says he's met Brue." Daxel's head came up at that and the sombre look in the dark eyes was replaced by amused curiosity.
"Aye?"
"He says, now where is it? Ah, here it is. Listen, lad, and have a chuckle. `Brue is a large lad for his age and learns very fast, though I find him quite unlike you and Dase for appearance. He obviously favours his father. I imagine he could be a handful, as he has a lively manner and a somewhat wicked face and smile. When he grins suddenly, the brotherly resemblance is extremely strong and I see you both. He's learned to ride one of the smaller warhorses and already has a good seat. Arth taught him well. I notice he obeys Maren implicitly which should be encouraging for you, my friend. There's a man worth much.'" Sarehl raised his head at that, met Daxel's eyes and then joined Daxel in laughter. Sarehl put the sheets to one side. "Poor Brue, we shouldn't laugh at him, should we?"
"Why not?" asked Daxel, with a broad smile. "He'd laugh as hard at us. It'll be good to see him again, Sar."
"Keep me informed of his progress, Dase. I can't ask Ensore to. The poor man has enough to deal with."
"I'll try," murmured Daxel. "It's difficult at times."
"I understand, Dase. It's just so the three of us are always in touch. Maren makes the lad write, but I sense it's wrung from Brue in sweat and tears." Daxel got lazily to his feet and stared down at his elder brother.
"And you, Sar? What do you do next?"
"There's still much to be done here, lad," Sarehl responded, a hand absently at his scar. "It'll be another cycle before I can move on to Elban lands. I suspect I may well be back with the army before I go. Ensore's drawing closer by the day, so soon the army will be here, on Kyaran soil, and we can meet up, however briefly."
"Ensore will welcome that day, Sar. I know he misses you."
"It's mutual," sighed Sarehl. He glanced up. "Dase, that beard's real now. Short, but definitely there and getting longer and thicker by the day."
"It's not as itchy as it was," Daxel admitted, responding instinctively to Sarehl's smile. "I'll have to leave my court clothes and manners behind, won't I?"
"For a while, lad," agreed Sarehl. "Are you glad to be going, Dase?" Sarehl rose and stood in front of his brother, his hands on shoulders that were broad and strong. Daxel met the interrogative look.
"Sar, some day we may all be together again. I pray we will. I try to believe, as Ensore does, that it will happen, but at the moment my place isn't here - yours is. You're achieving something while you're here; I'm not. Maybe I'm just restless."
"No, you're not. You're honest and you're quite right. You'll make your mark at the appropriate time. And I'll keep you posted about Kalbeth."
Sarehl let Daxel go, but took the hand held out to him for a long minute. He watched wistfully as the young man strolled whistling from the room, then he settled to writing a long letter to Ensore that Daxel could take with him.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

The days following Ice Isle were among the most restful Chlorien could remember. There was no urgency about her travel, Autoc completely at ease, his teaching relaxed, and Jaim anticipated his homecoming to the Gnosti. When Chlorien slept, the mage and the Gnosti often talked into the early morning hours, their discussions serious and voices low.
Autoc did notice a change in Chlorien that was an undeniable result of her recent experience. There was a new calm about her, the nervous tension was gone and so, too, was the boyishness he'd come to think of as a cherished part of Chlorien. Her big eyes were still pensive, but reflective, with a maturity just come. She spoke less too.
The mage looked at her one day and a reluctant smile crept to his eyes and a hand to the silky beard. He'd stopped dyeing and cutting his hair, so it hung well below his shoulders again, tawny and thick. The hand went from beard to hair while he studied Chlorien. She was tall for a girl, willowy and slightly built, her hair now long because Autoc hadn't bothered to cut it for some seasons, not deeming it necessary. She'd begun to plait it every morning. It prompted Jaim to look sharply at her and say,
"Cynthas did her hair that way, child. You're in her image." Chlorien gave him a smile as she absently kept on plaiting the curls.
Autoc thought she still easily passed as a boy - a slender, tall lad, still a stripling, and he intended she continue her travels in that guise. But he saw the girl behind the boy in so many subtle ways. He couldn't explain what he saw. He quietly suggested this morning that boys wore a queue, not plaits, and was met with a blush and a confused look. The blush deepened as she hastily undid the plaits and let her hair swing free.
Chlorien's sixteenth cycle day had come and gone without comment. Autoc realised Chlorien was no longer a child, and those who met her wouldn't see a boy but an intelligent and very pretty youth.
What didn't change was her relationship with the mage. She still kept close to him, of an evening leaning against his chest, her violet eyes looking up into his blue ones. Then she smiled and relaxed, comforted and secure, the mage's arm about her. She mindspoke more often than not, so much so that it became a habit. Sometimes Autoc answered out loud making Jaim swing round to answer, before he'd look from one to the other.
"Oh, aye," he'd say resignedly. "Tell the boy to speak out loud."
Chlorien's relationship with the Gnosti deepened too. She often walked close to him so she could listen to him talk, a slender hand on the small man's shoulder. Autoc watched the Gnosti's head come up in answer to something Chlorien said, his tawny eyes alight with affection and amusement. He'd travelled in his true form since they left Ice Isle.
It took them four weeks on foot to reach a reasonable habitation. It was a small hamlet set in attractive bush where the mage would be able to purchase horses. Chlorien wondered where their horses from the desert went but never thought to ask. They entered the only inn, a small, somewhat rude, two-storied building that didn't suggest comfort, but Chlorien soon realised exteriors can be deceptive. Inside the entrance was light and warmth and it exuded an atmosphere of benevolent welcome, to such an extent, Jaim raised an appreciative eyebrow at the mage who nodded rather amused.
They went into a spacious and clean public room that wasn't fully occupied, but was well patronised. Only a few tables were free so it was to one of these the mage strode, pulling out a chair and sinking gratefully into it. Jaim followed him, then Chlorien, who drew all eyes. As she sank into a seat she realised why she attracted such attention; nearly all the people present were shorter than she and Autoc and most were copper-headed. The mage may have had exceptional height, but he also had cinnamon-coloured hair that didn't look out of place here and would be considered unremarkable. Chlorien, with her black curls, alabas skin and violet eyes, was an immediate sensation. She sat, trying to give the appearance of being unconcerned. The attention wasn't hostile. She felt surrounded more by curiosity and a desire for friendship. She relaxed.
She waited quietly while the landlord listened to the mage order for her. Mine host's eyes took in the three strangers with frank inquisitiveness, his attitude and looks reminding Autoc vividly of the genial Josh in Ortok. He felt a wave of grief touch him and dismissed it abruptly when the man withdrew to fill the order. The mage lounged back, his eyes roving round the room. Anyone who met his glance looked down hastily, because no one wished to cause offence by staring.
When the landlord brought out full dishes, bread and brimming tankards, he set them down, saying affably, "You're a long way from home, aren't you?" Jaim looked up surprised.
"No," he replied, pulling over a dish and sniffing appreciatively.
"Nay, not you," grinned the landlord. "You two," he added, gesturing at the mage and Chlorien.
"Yes," agreed Autoc amiably, "we are."
"Where are you from then, stranger?"
"A long way southeast of here, from a place called Samar," Autoc answered, beginning to eat with relish.
"The boy's got unusual looks, hasn't he?"
"Have you, son?" asked Autoc, with a note of mirth in his deep voice. Chlorien looked reprovingly at him, though there was a twinkle in her eyes.
"Yes, Father, so everyone says," she agreed.
"Ah, your lad, is he?" The question was directed at the mage.
"Yes," replied Autoc, with his mouth full. "And no, he looks like his mam, and yes, he'll probably be as tall as me at full growth." The landlord was unabashed.
"We just don't see many travellers these days," he mumbled, still grinning, "so a lad so different stands out. His mam, as you call her, stranger, must be an uncommon beautiful woman."
"Aye, she is," agreed Autoc mendaciously, taking another mouthful and aware of Jaim's reprehensibly shaking shoulders. He noticed Chlorien had her lower lip firmly gripped between her teeth.
"Are you planning on a stay, stranger?" Autoc glanced up with a smile.
"Call me Schol, my son's Lorien and his uncle by marriage is Jaim." As the landlord gave a little bow, the mage's eyes briefly met the Gnosti's. Jaim hadn't missed his sudden change of familial status and neither, he thought, had Chlorien, who stared fixedly at Autoc before she resumed eating. Jaim thought the change eminently sensible in an area well known to the Gnosti. He heard the mage add, "Yes, we'd like to rest awhile, if you have spare rooms." The landlord's grin grew.
"I'm Jesh," he announced, "and aye, Schol, we can give you rooms for as long as you like."
"It'll be a very long stay," muttered Jaim, looking up from his plate, "if you keep feeding us fare like this, man. It's excellent."
"Fairly good, ain't it?" agreed Jesh. "My daughter does the cooking."
With that the landlord took himself off to serve another customer. The mage grinned affectionately at Chlorien and she smiled ruefully back. She wasn't tense he noticed. Jaim concentrated on his food.
~~~
Their stay was tranquil and pleasant. Autoc took Chlorien fishing where, more often than not, they translated, travelling long distances in all directions and then returning to hastily catch fish Jesh could have cooked for them. Jaim entertained himself carving. For him it was a relaxing pursuit. He could carve in any medium, the mage and Chlorien returning to find him seated quietly on the verandah, pipe in mouth, and hands skilfully working a knife that whittled and chipped at fascinating speed.
Sometimes Chlorien squatted beside him, silently watching as he took a piece of wood, or marble, and slowly changed its shape. One afternoon, he gave her a delightful wooden dragon that he had fashioned as a brooch. She was wordless with pleasure and always wore it next to the brooch the scholar gave her so long ago in Ortok. She never removed either one. They were small but delicate pieces she treasured.
Mine host was considerate and unremittingly cheerful and obliging. He fed them well and didn't intrude. The local people in this sleepy hamlet grew used to seeing the dark-haired boy wander around and ceased to remark on his appearance. Jesh's daughter, Kesli, took a very strong fancy to Chlorien which caused her some uneasy moments.
Kesli was a short, stocky lass with a head of thick copper hair, hazel eyes, a decidedly kissable mouth, and a reputation for never having her advances refused. Her favours had been well distributed throughout the neighbourhood, so her determined pursuit of Chlorien came as no surprise to anyone. It merely caused amused comment.
She began to waylay Chlorien with excuses that became less and less plausible. Chlorien found herself in a fix. She knew she couldn't be totally indifferent because that wouldn't appear normal in a youth her age. She decided on flirtation, followed by nonchalant disinterest, all of which had the opposite effect from that desired, because it brought a sparkle to Kesli's eyes and was interpreted as a challenge. Her father noticed the by-play and gave his advice.
"He has no serious intentions that one, girl. He's scarcely beyond boyhood. You'd best put him from your mind." Kesli's response was a toss of the head.
Autoc and Jaim noticed as well, the former belatedly and the latter giving a timely warning.
"That's no inexperienced lefi you're taking on there, lad. Watch she hasn't got you pinned to a bed in a very short time. You're no match for Kesli, lad, believe me." Autoc looked at Chlorien with raised eyebrows.
"What are you doing, little one?"
"Well," began Chlorien, "I can't act as if I'm not interested, can I, because boys my age are, aren't they?"
"Are what?"
"Interested - in girls, like Kesli."
"Yes, yes, lad, they are." As he spoke the mage looked ruefully at Jaim and then thoughtfully at his boots. "Perhaps it's time we moved on," he added. "We don't want you to be seen as a girl and we don't want a silly girl losing her heart to you either."
"She won't," responded Jaim with a tight smile. "Not that one."
Things continued the same for the next ten days. Autoc forgot the presence of Kesli and Jaim was preoccupied in carving pieces for folk who asked him to do work for them. Chlorien maintained her distance from the inn girl and all was peaceful, until one evening.
Chlorien retired early, because she was tired from a long distance travelled with the mage and her head was crammed with what he'd taught her. She'd barely lain on the bed before there was a discreet knock on the door. Chlorien stiffened, knowing full well it wasn't Jaim or Autoc, neither of whom would knock, and wondered who'd possibly come at this hour of the night. The inn had been quiet for some time. Apart from removing her boots, she hadn't undressed and still wore her knife-belt. As she waited, her hand drew the knife: she lay tensed and ready.
When the door opened slowly, Chlorien saw, to her horror, that it was Kesli who advanced into the room. Before Chlorien could move, Kesli launched herself at the bed, Chlorien only barely throwing the knife onto the floor out of harm's way.
"Gods," she gasped.
Kesli's experience showed in the way she pinned Chlorien to the bed. Her legs curled round Chlorien's, her hands ran expertly over the young body and she clamped her mouth to Chlorien's, as hands began to unbuckle belts. When they began to move lower, Chlorien gripped Kesli's wrists hard in a way that made the inn girl flinch.
At that moment, Autoc strode into the room. It made Kesli turn her head, her expression one of ludicrous chagrin and irritation. When Autoc reached the bed, he was hard put to it not to laugh and as he looked down at Chlorien his lips twitched.
"Go to bed, Kesli," he suggested quietly, only the faintest tremor in his voice. "My son really isn't old enough for a woman like you."
He heard Chlorien's intake of breath and the irrepressible smile came to his eyes as Autoc calmly escorted Kesli to the door, without speaking, and closed it very firmly behind her. He came back to the bed, chortling at Chlorien.
"Seducing innocent maidens, lad. What next?" he asked.
He got an impudent snort from a girl struggling to sit. She looked up at her mentor, read the unholy amusement in his face and joined him in giving way to hilarity. Finally, Chlorien wiped her eyes with her cuff.
"You didn't bargain on this as I got older, did you, Father?" she asked, in an unsteady voice.
"No," agreed Autoc. His shoulders still shook. "Little one, what moments of mirth you give me. You're a joy!"
Kesli served them early meal with smouldering looks of resentment cast at the mage who ignored them. She was sweet and attentive to Chlorien, even going so far as to whisper in her ear and fondle her curls in passing.
"What was that about?" enquired Autoc, lifting his tankard.
"Just a suggestion about where we could meet later, Father," answered Chlorien, starting hungrily on her food.
"It's a good thing then, isn't it child, we're moving on after we've eaten?" asked the mage, his eyes brimful of laughter.
"What a shame for you, lad," teased Jaim. Chlorien made a face at him.
Jesh was sorry to see them go, because they were quiet guests and paid him generously. Kesli's stares at Autoc were murderous. Riding from the hamlet, the threesome moved further westward to the home of the Gnosti. The weather was warm and sultry.
~~~
It was a long ride to reach the land of the Gnosti. The seasons passed in quick succession. In a winter that was long and hard, they often had to live out in harsh winds and snow if they hadn't reached shelter. Travel was difficult and at times thoroughly unpleasant. Jaim, however, became increasingly animated. He drew closer to his people from outlying villages and bigger towns they passed more frequently. Though the Gnosti were courteous, Chlorien noticed they were reserved.
It was only when they drew nearer to larger settlements that she found they were more prepared to be overtly friendly: though they were peaceable folk, they'd known their share of wars and hardship. Peace was hard won, the lessons learned well and never forgotten. It brought tranquillity to the Gnosti for a very long time - despite this, they could be tough fighters who were fierce and extremely formidable when roused and they had a standing army in readiness.
The Gnosti they met were much like the fey folk from the deep southwest of Ambros, people the warlord decimated cycles before. Though physically the races had no similarities, mentally they most definitely did. Like the Yazd, the Gnosti were highly intuitive people who often acted on instinct. They had depths of wisdom now unknown in the deepest south of Ambros. They studied the intellect, were deeply spiritual and reasoned with a talent for instant judgement. They were frighteningly skilled at assessing other races whom they didn't easily welcome. Strangers found them mystics, mysteriously enigmatic and even, at times, baffling. Few ever come away feeling they knew the Gnosti, though many left knowing they'd been understood only too well.
Autoc wasn't unknown to the Gnosti, though his dealings with them didn't compare with Bene's. He'd always been drawn to Jaim and extended that respect and affection to all the Gnosti he met, unreservedly and without judgement or exception. Chlorien's trust in Jaim was absolute, her liking apparent to observers. The Gnosti sensed these responses in the visitors who rode beside Jaim and they responded accordingly. Chlorien would have accepted any of his race automatically. They were offered shelter had they wanted it, food that was gratefully received, and supplies were unstintingly and quietly provided.
It became obvious, too, that the closer they came to the source of Gnosti power and control at Ostika, that Jaim was very well known and profoundly respected. He was spoken to by name and always deferred to. Chlorien wondered what his status was in Gnosti society - Autoc already knew.
In the east, south and central states of Ambros, Gnosti were forgotten beings. If they were remembered at all, it was in myth, when it was thought they lived long ago. Then, life was simple - waters ran clear across all of Ambros and forests covered much of the land, even where deserts now stood. They were thought of as among those who were guardians of the spiritual well-being of Ambros, but only scholars ever touched on them, and most of them were scorned to silence long since when they'd tried to suggest that there were powerful little people westward.
Apart from electing a king every few hundred cycles or so, they were a classless society. There'd only been elections four times, because the last elected king handed his crown to his son, this tradition appealing to the Gnosti and continued with their approval. It wasn't always the eldest son. It went to the man thought to be the most competent. There were no rich, nor poor, little disease, and it never occurred to anyone that they might be inferior to anybody else. In the First Age of Ambros they enslaved neighbours, but that was long since and was relegated to ancient history.
Except boys, all men had beards - this was usual in all Ambrosian societies, except the Elbans. They were considered a sign of maturity and merited respect. These were as luxuriant and as long as Jaim's, Chlorien noticed, awed by the length of them because Autoc now kept his beard vaguely trimmed. Chlorien sometimes took the scissors from his grasp and cut straggly hairs.
The Gnosti were fair-skinned, with hair colour ranging from copper to deeper bronze, or even occasionally blond. Their eyes were uniformly hazel or tawny. Gnosti had serious expressions, but had highly developed senses of humour. Their eyes could be disconcerting because they were so penetrating, some people who knew them saying Gnosti eyes looked beyond the physical and straight into the inner essence of the person. Others said the Gnosti could tell what you really were before they came close to you and that, to them, your colour spoke for you, as did your eyes.
Physically, the Gnosti were very powerful and surprisingly very much stronger than the strongest Churchik warrior. Chlorien was quite startled by their stamina and at how fast they could run, admiring their agility and energy. Sometimes she got tired just watching them and recalled that not once had she seen Jaim yawn or show exhaustion. She pondered that at her leisure.
As a people, they were totally attuned to nature, in the way of the people of the deserts and those of the Shadowlands and the steppes. Gnosti had an uncanny knack of knowing where they were and knew almost to the minute what time of day it was, their sense of direction perfect. They were always learning. They believed that the day you could no longer learn, life was fruitless and you should welcome death. Nor did death hold any fears for them. They were of the ground and were content to return to it. They accepted death as a normal part of the cycle of being. Chlorien digested that thoughtfully.
All these things Chlorien gleaned from Jaim as she walked or rode beside him, day after day. Now that she knew she was to meet more people like him, she knew a sense of pleasurable anticipation. From the outskirts of Gnosti territory, it took them three weeks to reach Ostika. Even with what she'd seen previously of Gnosti life, nothing prepared Chlorien for Ostika.
Ostika was built many hundreds of cycles before, in a huge and deep, spreading bowl that flattened out beyond where the eye could see. It was surrounded by ten hills, each of which was topped by massive defensive outposts; between each ran a very wide, high wall that made a strong protective barrier to what lay behind.
Jaim led them up towards the nearest gate, a huge, ornately wrought and carved wooden and metal gate, mounted on enormous well-oiled hinges. Before they reached it, Jaim stopped so the mage could show Chlorien the strength of the wall. It made her draw in her breath.
"Who do your people fear, Jaim?" she asked. Jaim shook his head, a smile crinkling the corners of his eyes.
"No one especially, youngster. These walls were built so long ago in ancient times of turbulence, I don't think many know who constructed them."
Chlorien digested that, while Jaim turned his small horse and led them at a slow walk towards the gate. Here, Jaim received deep obeisance from the Gnosti on duty.
"Welcome home, Elected," came several bass, booming voices.
When Jaim nodded in a friendly way and rode through the gate, Chlorien glanced at him, puzzled by the mode of address he was greeted with. She noticed Jaim looked preoccupied so didn't bother to ask him about it. Once through the gate, she drew up her horse astonished.
"Oh, Jaim!" she exclaimed. "It's so pretty. How could you ever want to leave it?" Jaim began to laugh, glancing at the mage who reined in his horse as well. "Isn't it, Father?"
"Aye," responded Autoc with a slow smile. "Aye, little one, it is."
~~~
They looked down on a charming city that spread for miles in all directions, mostly terraced, where Chlorien could see huge sprawling trees and myriad tended gardens. Lush growth was everywhere - climbing vines with large orange flowers grasped the thick black tree trunks and mingled with the canopies. There were fountains and waterfalls in abundance, with Gnosti of all ages active along the terraces. The sound of children's laughter, floating up to the travellers, made Chlorien feel a tug of sadness when she thought of herself and her brothers whose childhood was so brutally curtailed. She thought of gentle, gifted Bethel who probably died at the warlord's hands. Her eyes filled with uncharacteristic tears. Nearly seven cycles ago came back in a wave that hurt.
"Gently, little one," came to her mind. "I, too, feel as you do. Let the pain ease, lad."
When Chlorien blinked rapidly, she became aware their horses trod a road laid out in a lazy s-pattern, that wound down through the terraces until the land levelled out to a gentle incline. From this point on, Chlorien saw intensive farming that she studied curiously as they rode past. When they came to the flat land, the road they followed widened abruptly and became walled on either side. The walls were not so high that they couldn't see over them, though Jaim could barely stretch enough to do so. Chlorien could see grape vines stretch into the distance on either side of the road, but, again, interspersed with old gnarled black-trunked trees.
After riding for some considerable distance, they approached the city itself and Chlorien was frankly enchanted, her eyes lighting with surprised delight. Houses clustered close together, some almost on top of one another. They had steeply pitched gables, tiled peaked roofs and all were painted with murals. There were very few windows visible. All houses were approached by flights of shallow steps used only by visitors. Gnosti were informal people and always used an entrance round the back of a house. The colours used on the houses were bright and cheerful but created a bewildering and vivid kaleidoscope. Chlorien blinked. No house had land attached, as she'd known, growing up in Ortok. Here the houses were so close to one another, entrance-ways became confused. Like her own Samar tradition, there were welcome mats at the bottom of each flight of steps and polished doorsteps and knockers - just like home, she thought wistfully.
There was only one very broad avenue and it was the one they rode along. From it sprawled narrow, winding streets that ended in blind alleys or brought the traveller back to the main road again. All the houses they passed had gaily painted external chimneys that happily belched smoke all over the city. Chlorien noticed that nobody seemed to bother about the smoke and not one Gnosti she saw seemed to have undue cares or worry. She briefly envied them.
They approached a market and had to rein in. They rode very carefully, for the mage and Chlorien's mounts were very large among such small people and no one wanted harm to come to the gathered throng. Folk came forward, mostly to welcome Jaim, and then to stare at the strangers. Autoc signalled to Chlorien to dismount and to walk her horse as he proceeded to do, though he still considerably dwarfed those around him. Jaim stayed mounted, his horse unlikely to cause damage. Chlorien became distracted by the sights and smells of the market and licked her lips, suddenly aware she was hungry. She and Autoc began to attract attention. Jaim spoke quietly to the mage.
"Tell the lad to hurry a bit, my friend." Autoc touched Chlorien's arm. His voice was unruffled.
"Jaim asks that we hurry, lad. There's no cause for alarm, but I wish you to keep in front of me."
Chlorien glanced up at the mage, nodded and quickly drew in behind Jaim so they moved more smoothly in single file. They reached the administrative heart of Ostika and the surrounding Gnosti lands. It was far less cluttered than the residential and market areas. Elegant buildings sprawled gracefully under arching trees, with gardens and miniature lakes. The area covered numerous blocks. Chlorien also noticed that the road had straightened and widened again, into a proliferation of avenues and narrower roads, not, she thought wistfully, unlike Ortok.
Unexpectedly, Jaim veered sharply right. The mage and Chlorien, both now riding again, followed. Until they turned, they were shadowed by a large group of Gnosti children, their hazel eyes opened wide and curious. Now they trailed away, their childish giggles fading with them. Chlorien drew level with the mage.
"Where's he taking us, Father?" she whispered.
"Wait and see," advised the mage calmly.
"Have you been here before?" Autoc's eyes smiled warmly at her.
"Yes, little one. I'm no stranger to Ostika."
"And my greatsire? Is he a stranger here?" The mage shook his head and wouldn't speak further. Chlorien sat her horse and mused as she rode.
~~~
They entered the gates of the King's residence. It was neither big nor palatial enough to be called a palace, but it was a very large rambling house that had considerable charm, its walls creeper-covered and, unlike the rest of Ostika, it was two-storied. It had numerous ornate oriole windows, a steeply pitched roof with the typical Ostika gables, and several painted external chimneys, one of which smoked vigorously.
The entrance way was noisy because the horses' hooves scrunched on myriad small white stones. Unlike elsewhere, this house had grounds and was surrounded by enormous mature trees, whose boughs met over the roof of the house. Lawns and gardens swept from the sides of the building and beyond. There were no servants visible. Chlorien assumed they were at a wealthy merchant's house.
She dismounted and stood waiting, her eyes alert and questioning. When told by Jaim to follow, she found they were led to a stable situated to the left of the main building. A young Gnosti boy ran up to Jaim and had his head tousled affectionately, before he grasped the reins of all three horses and led them away. The travellers went to the front door. Chlorien expected they'd wait to be admitted. She was surprised when Jaim calmly pushed open the painted door and entered, beckoning the mage and the girl to follow. Autoc had to stoop almost double to enter. Chlorien ducked steeply. Inside, Autoc's head brushed the ceiling and Chlorien realised she didn't have a lot of head clearance either.
A man, not unlike Jaim, sat ruminatively in a rocking chair situated just inside the door. When they entered the room, Chlorien nearly stumbled into him because Autoc came to a sudden halt. The Gnosti's tawny eyes, so like Jaim's, passed briefly over the mage to rest unnervingly on Chlorien. She righted herself, murmuring an apology. The Gnosti's voice was rich and deep.
"Welcome back amongst us again, mage. It's long since I've seen you. Bene advised of your coming." Autoc's eyes shone appreciatively.
"I thank you for your welcome," he said quietly. He crouched for more comfort. The Gnosti continued to look at Chlorien.
"And welcome to the girl who's a boy, whose mind is presently still unbalanced. Your name, lad?" Chlorien was caught off balance by her reception and blushed.
"Chlorien." The eyes on her didn't waver.
"You've come to us to learn, have you, child?"
"I thank you," she said to the Gnosti, nervously meeting his perceptive eyes. She saw a glint in them and lowered her head.
"Well, then, Jaim, see them comfortably disposed. Seek me when you wish."
Jaim gave a quaint, respectful bow and moved beyond the entrance room, Autoc uncurling himself and following. Chlorien was uncomfortably aware of eyes that followed her.
The house was very comfortable, though not lavish, and looked lived in and cared for. The walls and floors were of polished and unadorned wood, nor were there any chambers as such, just a series of rooms that led off landings and could be used for any specific purpose. The Gnosti were utilitarian folk and this showed in the way their houses were arranged. Some rooms showed that they were used for one purpose more than any other. Specific items of furniture suggested that it was so.
Chlorien passed room after room. Some were obviously for storage, others for ablutions, others could be for entertaining or lounging, or even sleeping, because folded-down beds disappeared into wall cavities especially designed for them. This last intrigued Chlorien. It drew a sigh from the mage, because he knew he simply wouldn't fit. She saw hobby areas, too, and was stopped at what she guessed were guest quarters, though the room seemed bare. Here Jaim and the mage spoke together quietly before they were led on again, past the back door for regular use, a heavy, carved door with the middle section an attractive, ornately designed grille through which people could be clearly and easily identified.
Jaim glanced up at the mage with a roguish grin.
"You'd better translate to a Gnosti, my friend, if you want any sleep." Autoc smiled ruefully.
"Aye, I will," he agreed, meekly falling back in behind Jaim.
He led them along a little further, to a half-landing, where they entered the cooking area. This was homely, warm and surprisingly full of furniture, obviously a well used room that was the focus of Gnosti life. There was a large, oblong table in the centre of this spacious room, with deeply carved, scrolled chairs placed along and at the head of it. There were a number of comfortable-looking rocking chairs at the far end of the room that the mage thought looked most inviting. Still stooping, he gravitated towards one of them. Jaim glanced at Autoc's bent frame and grinned.
"Sit, my friend, do. You'll do yourself a mischief."
Autoc sank into a chair with a sigh of profound relief. Chlorien stayed in the doorway. Her gaze took in the neatly stacked woodpile in one corner, not far from the stove polished black until it shone. Again she felt a wave of homesickness. A room such as this reminded her sharply of the room that was the hub of family life in Ortok. She thought they were brass ornaments that hung on either side of the stove, burnished until they glinted in the sunlight and she could see, beside these, hung other household utensils, fire irons, racks full of briar pipes and what Chlorien assumed were musical pipes of all sorts. She thought of Bethel.
"Sit, lad," suggested Jaim in a kindly voice, turning to watch Chlorien before busying himself at the stove. Autoc, lounging very easily, smiled at her as she approached and sat next to him. Jaim glanced round at Chlorien.
"You want to explore, lad, don't you?"
"Yes," admitted Chlorien. "There's so much to see."
"You can start by looking around the immediate area, but don't go out alone, certainly not until you've been properly introduced. It's not the Gnosti way. Our people haven't seen your like in many, many cycles, lad."
"Was it my greatsire who stayed here, Jaim?" Jaim's head came up, surprised.
"Yes, lad, it was - a long, long time ago." Chlorien opened her eyes at that.
"Do they tell their children, then, so they'll know when another stranger comes?"
Jaim met Autoc's amused look and said quietly, "They remember for themselves, child." Chlorien looked awed.
"How old are you, Jaim?"
"Two hundred and twenty-six of your cycles," he replied with a growl. Chlorien was briefly silenced, then she looked from Jaim to the mage and back again.
She seemed to be thinking, because eventually she said, "Father?" Since Autoc knew what was coming, his eyes sparkled.
"Aye, little one?"
"How old are you, Father?"
"Very old in Ambros time, little one."
"As old as my greatsire? You don't look as old as him." Autoc was caught off-guard.
"As old as Bene? No, no, child. He's a most venerable and respected mage." Chlorien's next question came shyly.
"Will you be as old as he is, one day?" Autoc's smile was gentle.
"I hope so, child. I very much hope so."
Chlorien lapsed back into silence and stayed that way until Jaim placed a cup of hot liquid in her hands. She thanked him, sniffing at the cup before sipping from it. The mage immediately put his cup to his lips and drank.
"Ah, Jaim, I haven't tasted this in a long time." He looked across at Chlorien who hesitated and added cheerfully. "It won't hurt you, you know, lad." Chlorien grinned.
"I know that, but what is it?"
"See if you can guess," invited Jaim, joining them and sinking into a chair, his short legs stretched straight out in front of him. Satisfied, he sighed and pulled a pipe from his pocket. "It's always good to return to Ostika," he murmured. Chlorien drank, finding the liquid strongly scented but very sweet. "Know yet what it is?" asked Jaim, beginning to puff contentedly. She shook her head, drank again until the cup was emptied, then rose and placed it carefully on the table. Jaim watched her.
"If you wish, you can go, lad, but remember to stay in the house, or its immediate environs. You'll find the stairs to the underground part of the house along the next parallel passage and to your right." Chlorien stared down at the little Gnosti.
"Underground?" she echoed.
"Of course. Where do you think we carry out all our industry? There are tunnel networks all under Ostika, and beyond, for miles in every direction." Chlorien started to laugh.
"I can't wait to see this city."


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

Chlorien's exploration opened her to a new and fascinating world that made her think. No one questioned the tall lad walking below the house, any Gnosti she saw looking at her but leaving her alone. She seemed to know instinctively where she had to stop and turn back.
She paused at each workshop she passed. She watched how things were done. Yet again she felt a surge of grief when she saw ways of doing things that took her back to Ortok, though here there were no guilds of craftsmen and women. Much she'd never seen before. It made her realise how ignorant of the ways of Ambros she was and how much the scholar had protected her. She knew, from what he taught her, that many Ambrosian societies relied on one another and on exploiting the land at the expense of other creatures, whereas here was different. The Gnosti were essentially self-sufficient. They gave back to the land what they took from it. It was a salutary lesson for Chlorien.
She saw how oil was made for the lamps she saw hanging from ornamental brackets set at regular intervals on the walls of the passages. She saw Gnosti making their ceramics as she'd watched done in Ortok, their potters' wheels almost identical. What was different was how decoration was made. It was by the use of patterns pressed into the wet clay with small carved wooden stamps. The pots and platters were loaded onto trolleys to be hauled by pulleys to a lower level where huge kilns were never empty.
She moved to several levels deeper. She watched glass blown from melted crystals, the finest being turned into drinking glasses, and the least delicate coloured with the addition of minerals. Chlorien had noticed the profusion of coloured and decorative glass-work in the houses and now she saw where it came from. Chlorien thought of the guild for such fine work, where she knew her mother sometimes went to design work. It made her bite her lip hard. She briefly saw Gnosti bent over wooden joinery, carving, making and dyeing cloth, spinning and other skills that she remembered from home. She sighed wistfully. It was the first time she'd seen so much that reminded her so poignantly of Ortok and what was lost.
She found she'd wandered down at least four or five levels and stood disoriented, trying to get her bearings. A quiet voice behind her spoke courteously.
"Are you lost, young lad?" She turned, to look down to a young woman who held a small curious, wide-eyed child on one hip. She smiled.
"Yes, I am a little," she admitted. "I've been admiring so much, but now can't remember how to get back to the house." The Gnosti woman was thoughtful, her hazel eyes giving no hint of her emotions.
"Then, tall lad, you move to your left and climb the stairs. At each level you move left and that way you'll always come to a set of stairs. If you remember that, you'll always come to a top level somewhere in Ostika."
"Thank you," she murmured, turning and beginning to walk.
"You're welcome in Ostika," the voice followed her. When Chlorien glanced back, the Gnosti was gone.
~~~
Chlorien found her way back to the top level easily after that and entered the room where the mage and Jaim were. She found them eating heartily of a bean pie. She advanced and looked hungrily at the platter. Jaim saw her expression and immediately served her a very large portion from what was left. Her eyes lighting, Chlorien pulled out a chair and sat, cutting into the pie as though she was starving. Autoc raised an eyebrow.
"You seem inordinately hungry, lad. Why's this?"
"I seem to have been for miles," declared Chlorien, through a mouthful. She chewed vigorously, accepting a tankard from Jaim at the same time. She took a gulp and smacked her lips.
"And?" prompted Autoc. Chlorien shook her head.
"Later, Father," she mumbled. "I'm so hungry."
Exchanging amused glances, the two men let her eat in peace, Jaim quietly cutting her another generous slice and slipping it in front of her as she came to the end of the first.
"You'd think she was a lad, wouldn't you?" he observed.
Chlorien glanced at the mage, got a wink, blushed, but ate the pie all the same. Afterwards she stretched back replete and then leaned on the table with her hands clasped round the tankard. Jaim made no comment. He just sat as quietly as the mage, both of them puffing on their pipes. Autoc watched Chlorien.
She remained quiet and thoughtful, then suddenly said, "You don't eat meat, do you?"
"Gnosti don't, no, lad," agreed Jaim.
"But you do, outside in other lands."
"Yes," said Jaim imperturbably.
"How can you behave in two different ways?"
"Easily, child." Chlorien looked puzzled. "Think back to the desert, Chlorien. Think of the escater: think why it changed its colours and how the roughness of the skin could become smooth." Chlorien nodded. "Then think of yourself. Didn't you act in an abnormal way to appear normal yourself?" This time, Chlorien shook her head. Jaim shook his head back at her, saying quietly, "Did you draw attention to yourself as a girl, with Kesli?" Chlorien looked taken aback, then stared hard at the Gnosti.
"You're saying you can act in a different way to suit a particular circumstance?"
"Something like that, yes."
"Isn't that dishonest?"
"In a sense, I suppose," mused Jaim thoughtfully, "but you'll find, before you're much older, lad, that you can't always be fully honest. To yourself, yes, but to others? Perhaps not."
"Children are honest."
"Usually," temporised Jaim.
"But with maturity it isn't always possible?"
"True. Truth can cause harm and hurt. It's like everything else; it has its place and usually it's the right way to go, but you must remember it's not always so. You must decide if the circumstances of truth will hurt someone so badly, even irreparably, that it's better to avoid it. I'm not advocating lying as a way of life."
"Selective honesty," said Chlorien, her brow puckered. "You could just not say something, and that wouldn't be either lying or telling a hurtful truth."
"Aye," chuckled the mage. "She's a fast learner, Jaim, isn't she?" Chlorien wrinkled her nose.
"You're saying one should think carefully before speaking, aren't you?" Jaim grinned.
"Lad, we could argue this round and round and not come up with an answer. Let me ask you something. If you met one of your brothers now and they asked you how you were conceived, what would you do?" Chlorien bent her head and went briefly quiet.
"If they were alive I'd tell them," she whispered finally.
"And your mother's pain, when it caused you such anguish, child? Would you wish him to know the same and feel the anguish at her rape?"
"No."
"And if he asked you, child, exactly what happened?"
"I'd try to tell him in such a way that -." She broke off. "I wouldn't let him share it," she added, barely audibly.
"No, lad," said Jaim gently. "I wouldn't tell everything either, not so ones already probably badly hurt would be needlessly hurt again. There are times to hold back, child. You see, I don't talk about truth and lies in black and white. Nothing's ever that simple, is it?"
"No," mumbled Chlorien, flicking a look at the mage. He raised his tankard to her.
"Well done, little one," he sent. There was a very long silence during which time Chlorien fiddled with her tankard. It was she who broke the quiet.
"Didn't you find meat distasteful, Jaim?" she asked, making the mage eyes begin to twinkle at the rapid change of conversation.
"Not after a while. You can usually get used to most things."
"Father?"
"Aye, little one?"
"Do you eat meat where you come from?"
"No," was the bald response.
"Is it from choice, or are there no animals?"
"From choice." Chlorien considered this and then changed tack again quite abruptly. The smile in the mage's eyes deepened.
"There are so many different skills beneath this house," she announced. "Is it the same everywhere else?"
"Yes. Everywhere's active. We've always been industrious people and like to create and fashion. You haven't seen our heavy industry yet. That's at a deeper level and further out from the city."
"I liked the glass making," said Chlorien simply, to the mage. Autoc had his tankard to his lips, but he paused and lowered it.
"Perhaps Jaim will let you learn while we're here. It won't hurt you." Chlorien turned her head to the Gnosti who nodded, his tawny eyes amused.
"Aye, lad, you can learn."
"What heavy industry is there?" Chlorien pursued.
"Metal work, smelting, precious stones," replied Jaim indifferently. "The latter come from tunnels cut very much deeper that travel for miles to the mountains west of Ostika. Any trade we've had over millennia was in metal and stones."
"Do they bring stones back here?"
"Yes, to work on them they do."
"Do you still trade them?"
"Not much. We've no need to, do we?"
"Are the Gnosti self-sufficient, Jaim?"
"Aye, lad, I guess we are. We have no formal trading partners." Chlorien turned to the mage.
"The east could learn so much from here, couldn't it, Father?" Autoc didn't reply but his eyes met hers, his full of affection and understanding. "Are we to stay long, Father?" This time Autoc shook his head.
"Until your seventeenth cycle day, little one."
Chlorien thought she saw deep sadness in the eyes of the man she'd come to love so dearly, but when she stared more closely at him, the faint trace she thought she'd seen was gone. His eyes were as bland as usual.
"That, Father, is only a matter of days!"
"Yes, child, it is. Ten days to be exact."
"But we've only got here," she protested. She got to her feet and prowled up and down, before stopping in front of the mage. "Where do we all go then, Father?"
There was no reply. Again Chlorien thought she saw the hint of sombreness in very blue eyes and bent down over the mage, her arms going round his shoulders.
"I won't tease you, Father," she promised, her dark head on his. Jaim saw such unutterable sadness in the mage's eyes, he had to look away.
~~~
As the days passed, Chlorien was busy. She learned much, not least about the way the Gnosti viewed the world about them. She met Disah. She was encouraged to sit beside him, to talk and listen to him when he spoke in his bass, slow voice.
She realised that this Gnosti, whom she nearly tripped over on arrival, was the king and that Jaim was his son and king-elect. She was quite startled by this, her large violet eyes betraying her incredulity.
"No!" she exclaimed. Disah was highly entertained.
"Do you expect a castle and servants then, child?" he asked. Embarrassed, Chlorien denied that, but it was patent this was what she did think. "So you think the trappings of kingliness make a ruler, do you, boy?"
"They must help," stammered Chlorien.
"How?"
"Well," she floundered. "Wouldn't they make people respect you as a king?"
"Why?"
"They'd set you apart, wouldn't they? As a king?"
"You think a king should set himself above others?"
"Isn't that what a king is?"
"Not necessarily."
"What else is he?"
"Here, child, among Gnosti, he's nothing more than a symbol of stability and continuity."
"Don't you make the laws?"
"We all make laws, Chlorien."
Chlorien mulled over this, finally saying pensively, "You're saying a king doesn't need the trappings of state?"
"Not here, boy. A crown and a fur robe do not a king make."
"No," said Chlorien thoughtfully. Disah eyed her as she sat, pulling on a curl as Bethel did.
"And have you lost the sadness that gripped you for your first days among us?" Chlorien looked up, but didn't speak. "You find Ostika has much of the home you've lost, don't you?" Chlorien nodded. "And that hurts?" She nodded again. "Can you live with that?"
"I don't know."
"You have to accept the loss, child."
"I so wish we could all go home." Chlorien's voice quivered. "We were so happy, you see. Scholar was there too."
"It's why you're not wholly in balance, Chlorien."
"Father brought me here, didn't he, to make me see what's truly lost?"
"Yes. There was nowhere else he could show you that as clearly as here. It's the first time you've been in such a place since you left Ortok, isn't it?"
"Yes."
"That's why you're here. You can't move on, Chlorien, until you accept Ortok is gone. You won't be able to grow as you must and face challenges without distraction. We'll help you."
~~~
She met Jaim's wife and found his three small greatchildren delightful bundles of mischief. When not with them, she travelled the tunnels with the mage who followed Jaim's advice and translated to a Gnosti while underground. One day, Autoc found her a large and flawless blue gem that he offered to buy. The Gnosti refused any payment, saying he'd bring it to Disah's house later in the day. When the gem was brought it was surrounded by a finely wrought silver casing and hung from a filigree chain. The mage clasped it about Chlorien's neck as she knelt, her eyes, upturned to his, soft and luminous like Bethel's.
"For your cycle day, little one," said Autoc gently, his hand tracing across her mouth.
Getting to her feet Chlorien went on tiptoe, her arms flung about the mage's neck in an embrace. When Disah looked fleetingly across at Jaim, he saw both sad recognition and worried comprehension in the younger Gnosti's tawny eyes. It made the king profoundly thoughtful.
Chlorien enjoyed Gnosti music and dancing that occurred most nights she was there. Gnosti could all whistle. It brought tears to Chlorien's eyes, because she thought of her twin brothers who used whistling as their secret way of sending messages. These people played pipes and drums and a host of stringed instruments, their fingers coaxing music from the unlikeliest instruments. The first night Chlorien painfully remembered Bethel, then she thought her probably dead brother would've loved being where she was and believed, in spirit, he would be.
All Gnosti sang along to the music, their voices deep and soothing, sometimes even dreamily mesmerising or melancholic, though they weren't a moody people. Music profoundly affected them. Their dancing, however, was extraordinarily energetic. They moved in circles with much jumping, clapping and stamping of booted feet, hands transferred from one head to another at speed as the music tempo quickened, and, though she was much taller than the Gnosti, Chlorien joined in, laughing when hands couldn't reach her head. The Gnosti women were much smaller than their men, were quite slender and very lithe. Jaim and the mage sat it out.
When Chlorien finished dancing, she collapsed at the mage's feet, in her usual way, her head rested in his lap while his hand gently stroked her curls. Jaim frequently looked at them and saw, as Chlorien did, the deep sorrow in blue eyes rested on the girl. Jaim knew time passed and much too quickly for Autoc.
Just days before her cycle day, Chlorien was taken by Disah and Jaim, to be taught basic Gnosti skills of a spiritual nature. With them beside her, Chlorien let herself go, sinking ever deeper into her subconscious. She began to recognise her essence and what she was. The mage had taught her before, but now she was ready for the Gnosti to take her a step further.
Her cycle day came and went. Chlorien knew the mage was restless and disturbed, though he made no move. The following evening, Chlorien sat close to Autoc.
"What is it, Father? You're so troubled." The mage cradled her gently in long arms as he always did and she cuddled into him.
"Nothing much, my little one. Just relax now."
"Aye, Father," she murmured. Autoc ran a hand through her curls, saying softly,
"Always look beyond the obvious and the superficial, won't you, little one? The way you know I do and the Gnosti do." Chlorien snuggled closer, but looked up at the same time.
"I'll remember, Father," she said quietly, her eyes luminous.
"Never be complacent, little one. Understand all things are balanced and in harmony, as you must be if you wish to be whole, child. That's vital for you, something you have to understand. Harmony must exist, so things can flourish. Gnosti relationships with Ambros rest on harmony. That's something you must bear in mind. Peace comes from it, as does inner enlightenment and contentment. Never forget that. It is one lesson critical for you.
Instinct and intellect should be in balance too. One should never outweigh the other. We all need that instinct, but few, like the Gnosti, have achieved that critical balance. You must attain that, so that every part of you is in harmony with the other; your balance will be critical in cycles to come, little one. Try not to seek it without. It only comes from a wellspring within."
Chlorien still stared up into the face she felt was etched inside her. She felt his words inside her head so clearly, she knew she always would.
"Remember more, little one. Let your instinct guide you along with your intellect - understand there must be a balance with nature. Do not strive for power." Autoc felt the shiver that caught Chlorien and bent his lips to the dark curls. "Yes, little one, like Malekim. Power, wisely used, is only a means to an end, child, it's not an end in itself. You've seen how perverted misuse can become.
If the Gnosti have taught you one thing, my little one, it should be this. Listen to your essence, hear what Ambros tells you, and take heed. Recognise every natural dimension there is and let your whole being be in balance within it. That way you'll know how to act and know peace, I promise you."
Chlorien had turned right round, and now stared deeply into the mage's darkening eyes. One moment they were outside on the terraces of Ostika, the next they flew high, minds in complete unison and essences freely entwined. It was a sensation that would never leave Chlorien. They were one. She was whole.
~~~
The next morning, Chlorien wasn't surprised to be told they left Ostika. She was sorry, but not sad. It was a long morning, while provisions were gathered and organised and horses finally laden and saddled.
Disah looked long into Chlorien's eyes just before she and the mage were ready to mount. He nodded his head as though satisfied.
"Your mind's in balance at this moment, child," he said calmly. "Try to keep it so and go in peace. Don't forget where to look for that which means most to you. You do know where it is. Keep hold, if you can, of this balance and always look within, always. Without it, child, you'll be lost." She nodded thoughtfully.
He stood back. Chlorien was surprised Jaim wasn't to accompany them, because she'd come to care very much for him. That farewell was tearful. Chlorien stooped and hugged the Gnosti hard.
"Remember what you've learned, child," he said in his bass voice. "And never forget those who love you, will you, Chlorien?" Chlorien looked a little troubled at that.
"I couldn't forget those who love me, Jaim," she said definitely. She saw Jaim looked thoughtfully across at the mage who stood on the white pebbles, his eyes looking northwards. "I'd never forget Father, Jaim. How could I? He's part of my whole being. His essence is bonded with mine. I know that. I'm incomplete without him." She saw a relieved smile come to the tawny eyes and wondered at it as she gave him another reassuring squeeze.
"Gods speed you on your journey, child, and bring you safely back to us."
Jaim kissed Chlorien on the cheek and pushed her gently to her horse. Then he walked across to the mage and looked up at the impossibly tall man. Autoc smiled down with affection, his long slender hand held down.
"Until later, Jaim," he said, his voice steady. He hesitated, before adding, "In happier times to come, I hope. Our time here's been helpful, thank you. And not just for Chlorien."
"We're always here for you, my friend," responded Jaim, gripping the hand fiercely.
He stood back and watched the mage mount, the two riders turn and then give a last farewell before they turned a corner. Deep foreboding caught and gripped him. He found he shook uncontrollably. A voice behind him made him turn.
"The mage grieves," said Disah very quietly.
"Aye, he has to let her go. He can't know how she'll respond." Jaim's voice was low, dispirited and tired.
"Will she recognise her salvation, son?"
"I don't know," whispered Jaim. "Autoc can only hope she'll return to him in time. He's done as much as he can. I think," he added, a smile suddenly curling his mouth, "one day she'll call him as she's always done, and he'll be there, waiting, for however long it takes, to call her home. I just pray to the gods she survives what comes to her, so she goes to him."


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

A few weeks after Daxel left to rejoin the northern army, Sarehl found he had a little more time to himself now there was a relaxation of the protocol that'd surrounded the visits of dignitaries over the last season or so. He began to spend that time with Sasqua and Kalbeth, the little boy becoming as dear to him as Bethel was as a baby.
More often than not, Kasan was with Sasqua. When he approached, Sarehl admired the chestnut head bent next to the blond one. He was always welcome and felt rested in their company, the child gurgling happily, his fingers outstretched to the man he'd grow to think of as his father.
With the onset of cruel cold, the women were seldom outside. Sasqua especially suffered from it but never complained. Today was a chilly morning following a stiff frost - the forecasters predicted the snow, that would blanket the land for months, wasn't far distant.
So Kasan decided, that, since the sun shone in a watery fashion, she'd take Kalbeth for a walk in one of the outer courtyards. Sarehl, looking down from his office, saw her walk briskly, a well wrapped bundle in her arms. Feeling enervated and in need of the blast of fresh air, Sarehl grabbed a heavy cloak, flung it round him so that it was all-enveloping, and set off in pursuit.
He met up with Kasan when she just reached the gateway to a large courtyard. There, she saw him coming and stopped, a surprised lift to her eyebrows.
"What's this, Sarehl?" she asked with her ready laugh. "I thought you hated the cold!"
"I do," replied Sarehl, shivering and drawing his cloak tighter. "Gods, girl, it's perishing out here!"
"Then keep walking," advised Kasan, briskly beginning to do just that.
Sarehl accompanied her, his eye drawn every so often to the tiny face he could scarcely see, it was so swathed in blankets. Then Sarehl studied Kasan. His glance took in the youthful bloom on her cheeks that glowed pink in the cold, the wisps of chestnut hair that escaped the confines of her hood, and then, when she looked up enquiringly, at the shape and beauty of her eyes. The attractively shaped mouth curved in a smile, before she looked away and kept walking. Sarehl stood still. He idly thought how lovely Kasan was and how right she looked cradling a child. When Kasan turned, he quickened his pace to be beside her.
"I'm bored with the demands of being Strategos," he murmured, falling into step beside her.
"Then you did the right thing to escape," she observed. "You should get out more often, Sarehl. It's not good to become so engrossed in what one does, one does little else." Sarehl smiled down at her.
"That's true," he admitted. He stroked Kalbeth's cheek. "He grows more and more like Bethel."
"Is that some comfort for you?" Kasan asked carefully.
"In some ways, yes, but in others, no. It brings my little brother into sharp focus and that hurts."
"Sasqua's deeply proud of his looks."
"Yes," said Sarehl softly. "I know she is." He glanced down at Kasan. "You're very good for her."
"My heart goes out to her," replied Kasan. "She's far more alone than I am. She's in a culture that's alien and she can't understand. It's hostile to everything her life represents, in the same way that Bethel and Luton must suffer. You can't help but pity her." Compassionate gray eyes were turned up to Sarehl and he stared into them thoughtfully.
"You set out to befriend her, didn't you?" Kasan's glance fell.
"As much as I can. You see, Sarehl, I know what it's like to be out of one's environment and though I'm favoured because of who I am, I still feel displaced and, at times, lost." Sarehl took her arm and made her stand still.
"Give me Kalbeth," he suggested gently, hoisting the small child into one arm and then holding Kasan's hand with his free one.
"I do understand, child," he said quietly, as he gave her a little pull forward.
"Sasqua may be very young, Sarehl, but she's gentle and she loves your brother."
"Isn't she too young to know love?" mused Sarehl. He didn't see the smile tremble on Kasan's lips before she spoke. Sarehl momentarily forgot how old he was at Choice.
"Age has nothing to do with knowing and experiencing that, Sarehl." Enigmatically, Sarehl stared down at the chestnut head. Kasan turned suddenly. "That's enough for Kalbeth, I think. Shall we go back?" Sarehl obliged, her hand still held firmly in his.
Inside the palace, Kasan moved to the nearest seat beside a mobile brazier that a courtier swiftly brought over to them. She spread her hands to the heat.
"That may be the last walk for a while," she murmured. She watched Sarehl draw up a chair beside her and put Kalbeth on his lap, a gentle hand pulling back the blankets so the child could vaguely wave his arms. Kalbeth smiled up at Sarehl and, as always, he felt a wrench, so deeply inside, it was painful. Kasan saw the sudden flinch Sarehl gave and turned to him.
"I'll take him, shall I?" she offered, arms out and with a smile. Sarehl nodded and lifted Kalbeth so Kasan could easily take him.
He watched her bend her head and croon to the child, as if Kalbeth were her own. Sarehl idly thought what a domestic scene they made, and what a restful and appealing sight Kasan was, and he even idly thought those watching might think the child in her arms was theirs.
As if she knew what Sarehl thought, Kasan looked up at him, her gray eyes shy but the message in them unmistakable. Sarehl felt shock when he stared down, his dark eyes swept into the emotion in hers and his mind in sudden agitation. A long slender hand went to his beard when realisation dawned.
"Kasan," he whispered, his voice husky. "Oh, gods!"
Kasan didn't look away; she just stayed where she was, her expression one of tenderness mixed with apprehension. Sarehl sensed she expected a rebuff and drew his chair close to hers. His arm went about her. He hauled her in close.
"Look at me, Kasan," he said, his voice quivering. She lifted her head, so she could gaze steadily and unblinkingly at him. "How long have you felt this way?"
"Since you first came to Taki," she whispered, her eyes big and watchful. Sarehl blinked.
"But that's so long ago, child."
"I know," she murmured. "You needn't remind me."
There was a very long silence, at the end of which Kasan bent her head. Sarehl was unmoving. Kasan bit her lower lip and looked away. Tears filled her eyes. She felt Sarehl's hand on the arm that held Kalbeth and spoke on a sob.
"I'm sorry, Sarehl. Can you just forget anything I've said?" Sarehl turned to fully face her, and, ignoring the gurgling child in her lap, enfolded her in long arms. His voice lacked its usual calm.
"I've been so blind, my dear. It's you should forgive me," he said, bending his head and kissing her hair.
"And am I too young to know love, Sarehl?" Sarehl tilted her head, a finger under her chin.
"And am I not too old for you?" he teased, a tremor still in the deep voice.
"Not at all," said a voice behind them. Both jumped and turned, their startled eyes meeting Kaleb's amused ones. "Give me the child," he suggested. When Kasan made no move, the healer stooped and gathered Kalbeth in his arms, nodded at them and turned away.
Sarehl looked back at Kasan. When he saw longing for him, he rose, helped her to her feet and held her in a crushing embrace that left her breathless. The kiss shook her. It was passionate and his fervour caught her unawares. Set back on the ground, she gave a nervous chuckle that made Sarehl stare down.
"Why the laugh, little one?" he asked.
"Such behaviour from the restrained and courtly Strategos!" She felt his hand run over her hair, before it took one of her hands in a very firm clasp.
"We need to talk, Kasan. This all goes too fast for me."
"You only need to know I care for you, Sarehl."
"You say you've known for a long time, child. I'm rather shaken and need a drink."
"Has it come as an unwelcome shock?" Kasan asked, coming to a sudden stop.
"When I think about it, it seems the most natural thing on Ambros to love you, Kasan, but the initial realisation was a profound shock, yes. I hadn't expected - I wasn't prepared."
"And now?" asked a soft voice beside him. Sarehl glanced down.
"Little love, I care deeply for you. I think I always have."
"But only now as the woman, because before I was just a little girl to you."
"Perhaps, love, but does it matter?"
"No," she said quietly, "not at all." They began to slowly walk. There was silence until Kasan spoke again. "Alicia?" Sarehl came to a halt and looked at the bent head. He knew what she was afraid to hear.
"You needn't fear ghosts, little one. When I give my heart, it's fully given."
"I don't seek to replace the mate and children you lost," Kasan whispered. Sarehl lifted her head very gently.
"Kasan," he said softly. "They're a part of me and important because of that and what I was, but they won't live as shadows. They're the past, love. You're the now and my future. One should never compete with the other and they never will. I come to you as one who wishes to offer you everything he is."
"Sar," she murmured, her head coming to rest on his chest. Sarehl had never been called that by her before and it made him smile. He hugged her and they continued walking.
Nearing Sarehl's offices, Kasan said, "Your friends will be pleased."
"Well, Kaleb knows," agreed Sarehl, somewhat ruefully.
"They all know," admitted Kasan. "They've known for seasons." Sarehl stood still.
"What do you mean?" Kasan smiled up at him, her hand at his cheek.
"I must've been more obvious than I thought," she murmured apologetically. "I know I couldn't help watching you, so that must have been what told them. Dase knew too." Sarehl stared down at her, a smile creeping into his eyes.
"My love, I've been more than blind, haven't I?"
"No, Sarehl, preoccupied."
"Dase tried, in his own way, to tell me. And Kaleb?" Kasan's delightful chuckle sounded.
"He's known for longest, or perhaps Kalor has." She tugged at his arm, but Sarehl still looked down at her, an arrested expression on his face. Her look up at him was shy.
"And Ensore, your big brother?" A faint smile touched the gray eyes.
"I told Ens how I felt, a long time ago, Sar." Sarehl's voice was noticeably strained.
"And?"
"Ens told me to wait." Kasan paused and then went on hesitantly, "He told me you're very different from other men, and, if you ever loved again, something neither he nor Kaleb thought you would, you'd feel a very profound and powerful emotion that might overwhelm you."
"He's right," said Sarehl, in a choked voice.
"And," went on the calm voice, "he thought that it might come as a deep shock. It has, hasn't it?" Sarehl nodded, unable to speak. He blinked rapidly. "Ens told me I couldn't love any man who had as much to offer as you. He thinks very highly of you, Sarehl."
She heard a faint sniff and stood on tiptoe so she could turn Sarehl's averted head to face her. Her hand, brushing a wet cheek, was held. Sarehl spoke with difficulty.
"Kasan," he began, coughing away the lump he felt in his throat. "I've no city and no title. I'm a would-be scholar with no pretensions of any kind. You're a royal princess - your people would never countenance your mating with me." Her response was swift and blunt.
"I've no country and carry an empty title, nor have I walked on my birth soil for over half my life. My people, my love, will accept me with whomever I choose to mate." She heard a stifled laugh and gave an indignant sniff. "Why then do you laugh?"
"That sounded very Ensore and very Dahkilah," mumbled Sarehl, wiping his cheeks as another laugh shook him.
~~~
Sarehl's courtship of Kasan was very gentle, the Kyaran king delighted the Strategos found romance in his realm. He smiled benevolently on the pair whenever he saw them, and was at pains to point out, to one and all, that it was the bracing northern air that worked its charm. He was anxious to see the couple in wedlock, but bowed to Sarehl's insistence that Samars didn't wed in the northern or southern way, merely saying that he thought the nuptials would lighten the winter gloom. Sarehl just smiled and left it at that.
The queen wasn't so pleased. She felt the absence of Daxel sorely and the princesses were inconsolable, Tamil going so far as to say she thought it insensitive of the Strategos to show so clear a preference for a princess from another country. Kalor twitted Sarehl on this and got an absent-minded, sleepy smile in response.
Sarehl's friends noticed some of the tension, a part of Sarehl for so long, now eased. His routine didn't change and he remained his usual charming self, but Kaleb noticed the ever-present smile that touched the dark eyes when they rested on Kasan. The Strategos was less of a driven man.
It was Kaleb who came into Sarehl's office one morning, a letter in his hand. Sarehl looked up with the affectionate smile he reserved for his intimates. He finished rolling up scrolls and, placing them to one side, began the more urgent task of finding ale and tankards. Kaleb watched him.
"What are you working on, Sarehl?" Sarehl handed the healer a tankard and then threw himself into the nearest chair.
"A battle plan," he replied. "More, perhaps, a contingency plan than anything else. It's tiring work trying to sort out options and what-ifs." Kaleb sipped his ale thoughtfully.
"Are you getting more assistance these days?"
"Oh, aye, mostly," sighed Sarehl, brushing back his hair. "I don't have to fight every inch of the way anymore and have all the support I want. It's just there are so many things I can only do for myself."
"So you're recognised for what you've tried so hard to do then, over all the long cycles?"
"Yes," acknowledged Sarehl in surprise. "I suppose I am, my friend. I think that's crept up on me."
"It's more than time it was so," observed Kaleb calmly, his eyes lifting from the tankard. "And the heart, Sarehl?"
Sarehl's eyes sparkled in a way that made him look so much younger, Kaleb thought, and he needed no answer. Sarehl knew he didn't.
"Nothing will change between us, Kaleb." Kaleb smiled at him, his expression gentle as always.
"We've no doubts about that, Sarehl. We all know you very well." The healer paused. "Have you done any more researching lately?" He saw the guilty look on Sarehl's face and broke into laughter. "You can read and study, you know. Just be discreet." Sarehl stretched.
"I am," he assured Kaleb with a twinkle. The two men sat in companionable silence until they finished their ale.
After the healer put his tankard on the table beside him, he rose to go. He looked across at Sarehl who looked a question.
"Did I see a letter come with you?"
"Aye."
Kaleb lifted it from his lap and held it out. Sarehl recognised the writing and though the healer made no comment, he saw how Sarehl's hand shook. The letter was unusually short.
 
"Sarehl - Kasan's written to me, my friend, and her news touches me deeply. I couldn't wish my little sister to place her affections anywhere but where they are, and to welcome you as a brother gives me unspeakable joy.
She tells me, Sarehl, you speak of having nothing to offer. That, my friend, is foolish. Life for us all will never be the same again and you know that as well as I do. Titles have no meaning for me, because you know I believe it's what we make of ourselves and our talents that's important. And as far as I'm concerned, you offer my sister more than any other man. She's blessed to have found you. Forget Dahkilah, my friend, and enjoy peace and happiness together.
I've just thought that this makes Dase, not to mention your other siblings, one of our family, so that's a delightful and unexpected bonus. Eli's happy for you too. And when I spoke to Ongwin, the man just gave his slow smile of delight. I hope, Sarehl, it won't be long before we see one another again - it's been too long. There's no substitute for the company of a dear friend.
So pleased little Kalbeth thrives. I gather from Dase that he favours your side of the family and in time may well be a clone of Bethel. Life, Sarehl, is one irony after another. Yours, as ever, Ensore."
 
When Sarehl looked up, his eyes moist, he noticed the healer had gone. He went back to his desk, where he sat with his head in his hands for a long time. That evening, Sarehl went to Kasan's quarters, where she awaited him in shy anticipation. Though they mated that night, no one other than Sarehl's friends knew and the court went on assuming Samar courtship was a prolonged affair. Had anyone looked closely at the Dahkilan princess, they'd have seen the inner glow, but nobody did.


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Soji blossomed, contented with her new life. By the time they left the plains, she was pregnant. Sagi noticed that Soji's skills as a seer increased both with confidence and maternity, the clarity and definition of her seeing greatly enhanced. Sagi and Setoni watched her development with pleasure; Asok, as usual, made no comment.
Once they reached the mountain chain that, crossed, would bring them to the south-eastern border of the Shadowlands, they were well into northern Ambros and Soji carried a boy in her horse cradle. He was called Carok, a name that meant `child of the steppes', and was born with hair as white as his father's, his eyes sometimes dark gray, sometimes dark blue. It depended on the light. He was as placid as his father and as Jonqi was as an infant. There was no attempt or desire to name the child in the Churchik way.
Jonqi adored her brother and, usually a silent child, was talkative with Carok. Her very pale skin and eye shape remained the only sign of her Churchik heritage. With her elfin-shaped face, none of those around her could know how very like Myme Chlo she was at the same age, though in personality she was quite unlike. She was still a placid, thoughtful and gentle child.
While they travelled, Asok took the little girl with him quite often. She'd be seen walking with him, her hand clasped in his, or up in front of him when he rode. No one knew if the man and child talked. No one saw them do so, but it was apparent to an observer, like Leontok, that there was deep trust, love and understanding between them.
Though Soji had less time for Jonqi now Carok was born, the bond between mother and child stayed close. Jonqi had long since accepted Leontok as her father and called him the steppe title for father - pasangan. He, in turn, always referred to her as his little black-eyed daughter and treated her as such. As time went on, Jonqi became a steppe child in all but looks, her long willowy shape as supple as the grasses they travelled across. She ran as fleet-footed as any steppe child, from morning to night, if they were camped long enough for her to do so.
Soji's seeing became clearer and more vivid. It was more controlled. She most often saw Luton. She talked with Setoni who passed on what she saw to the Mishtok.
By autumn, the travellers approached the mountains that constituted their last hurdle to get Soji and Jonqi to more safety. Soji knew dread when they finally reached the base of the alps. It took her back to her escape from the Churchik and she couldn't help a shiver of foreboding when she stared up at the peaks soaring above. Leontok touched her shoulder, his eyebrows raised enquiringly.
"What troubles you, Soji?" She turned so their eyes met, her smile bleak.
"I feel the cold, Leon, I always will. Mountains remind me of unhappy times." Even though Leontok had Jonqi in front of him, he managed to lean across and pull their horses close together. He spoke firmly and reassuringly.
"There's nothing to fear. You aren't alone and I wouldn't let any harm you." She took his outstretched hand and clutched it.
"I know," she murmured. "It's a silly fear." It was noticeable that her speech patterns were no longer southern.
They began the ascent the next day. It was the beginning of a long and arduous climb that was to try them all, the days becoming increasingly colder and shorter the higher they traversed. Soji was as warmly clad as it was possible for her to be, but still she coughed and sometimes shivered, as if she'd never be warm.
Setoni took to riding with her, concerned she may ache. When asked if she did, she shook her head and coughed again. She was relieved of both children and found one morning that Asokin was beside her horse. She looked enquiringly at him.
"Why are you here?" she asked with a smile.
"Leon says you're to ride and I'm to lead your horse. He doesn't want you walking any more."
"Oh," said Soji blankly, obligingly clambering up onto the horse.
~~~
Five weeks passed. They managed to struggle over the first pass in weather that turned from bad to worse and was now bitterly cold. This evening, most of the steppefolk had retired for the night, and only the healer, Asok and Sagi remained about the fire, cups of steaming liquid in their hands. They were two-thirds the way up the second mountain chain, set for the night in a meadow tucked below a plateau they had to reach the following day. It was their last easy night before they left any vestige of life for the icy cliffs that towered above. The drifts of snow had stopped, but the air about the silent threesome was bitter.
Because it was silent about them, they heard the footsteps before they turned to see Leontok approach, his face set in graven lines of worry.
"Setoni," he said urgently. "It's Soji. She's ill, though onset's been so fast."
The healer took one look into Leontok's eyes and was on his feet in an instant, following the young man without a word. Soji lay very still, eyes closed and breathing laboured. Setoni's worst fears were realised as he looked up at Leontok.
"What is it? Can you help her?"
"It's the same again. Get Sagi for me, boy, quickly."
The healer and Sagi struggled to save Soji who remained barely conscious, though when she was awake she moaned with pain, cried weakly and pleaded for relief. She was a submissive patient, but fretted over the children and Leontok and called for them. Her breath came in little gasps.
On the second day, Setoni went outside to get some fresh air, though it was cruelly raw and made him shiver. He knew Sagi stood beside him, with a steaming drink he gratefully took. He had black rings of exhaustion under his eyes.
"Tell me, Setoni. Are we losing that child?"
"Today, Sagi, is the turning point. She'll either come out of it, or not. If it's the latter, she'll be dead within a day."
"Is it her lungs?"
"Not as they were, no." Setoni rubbed a tired hand across his face. "It's her heart weakened a second time."
The two stood there, in absolute silence, only broken by the unexpected sight of the little girl who ran past them and into the cave where Soji lay. Together they turned in haste and followed, drawing up short at the entrance at the sight of Jonqi, on her knees beside her mother, her small hands grasping one of Soji's and the flute-like voice urgent.
"Stay for me. Promise you'll stay for me, Masangan."
Setoni stepped forward, but Sagi pulled him back with a shake of the head. The little voice became increasingly distressed and urgent. Sagi didn't think she was being fanciful when she found herself thinking the little child's voice touched Soji in some way.
When they left the young woman she was still, white and listless, her face wax-like, as close, Sagi thought with a convulsive shiver, to being a corpse as it was possible to be. But now, as Jonqi pleaded, Soji's mouth opened to a small moan and her eyelashes flickered. The insistent calling didn't stop.
While Sagi and Setoni watched, Leontok came in behind them. Asok stood beside him and Asokin behind him again. Asok's face was as inscrutable as ever, his eyes fixed to the child bent over the white-faced figure. If Soji's mouth closed, or she made no movement, the childlike cries became intense. Finally, Soji fully opened her eyes and looked directly into her daughter's; a hand tried to lift to touch Jonqi's head when the little girl flung herself across her mother and wept.
"Don't leave me, Masangan. Stay for me." Soji could barely speak.
"I'm here, Jonqi," she managed faintly. "I'm here for you." Her eyes closed again, but the eyelashes flickered.
Asok quietly strode forward, stooped down to Jonqi and touched the crying child on the shoulder. Jonqi looked up at him. Her black eyes were red-rimmed and imploring, but Asok saw something else in the eyes as well. They weren't just those of a small child.
"Come with me, little Jonqi." When Asok held down his hand, the little girl turned back to her mother who sighed and moved fractionally. "You've helped your mother, child, but now she needs the healer. Come," he repeated quietly. Jonqi stared up at him, then obediently took his hand. "Good girl," he said gently, pulling her to her feet and then lifting her into his arms. She buried her head in his shoulder. "Come and tell me how you knew about your mother, little one," he murmured. He nodded at Leontok, before he walked away. Leontok went to his knees beside Soji, his hands taking both of hers.
"Soji," he whispered, tearfully. "Little love, can you hear me?" Soji's eyes opened.
"Leon." Then she closed her eyes, mumbling, "The cold, Leon." Setoni knelt beside Leontok with a cup in his hand.
"She'll live, Leontok," he said quietly. "The child ensured she would, though how Jonqi knew is beyond me." He saw the question in the gray eyes and shook his head helplessly. "Some day much may be explained," he whispered.
~~~
Sagi entered deeper into the cave, to see Asok cross-legged on their mattress, Jonqi sprawled in his lap with her eyes closed and Asok's left hand rested on her curly head. Sagi sat beside him, her eyes meeting his.
"That's an odd little one, isn't she?" she observed, transferring her look to the sleeping child.
"Indeed, she's rare. Always so quiet," mused Asok. "So placid and gentle."
"Until today," said Sagi a little sharply.
"Until today," agreed Asok, his hand stroking the dusky curls.
"What did she tell you?" Asok's eyes were clear and tranquil.
"That she saw a man who told her what to do." Asok smiled at Sagi's indrawn hissing breath.
"So she sees as well?"
"It seems so, certainly in this one instance. I didn't think the child would act that way entirely on her own, though their bonding's unusually deep."
"And the man? Who was he?" Asok's eyes were amused when he replied.
"He was a big man, Asokgansan," he mimicked, "with green eyes that smiled at me. He was a kind man." Sagi gave a grin, in spite of her tiredness and anxiety.
"You do that very well, Asokgansan," she said admiringly. "So where does this leave us?"
"Nowhere much," yawned Asok, his eyes meeting Sagi's. He gave a chuckle. "This child and her mother have enlivened our lives, haven't they?" Sagi had to laugh.
"You seem untroubled by it all." Asok's smile widened.
"The man the child saw wasn't malicious, and though there's much I don't understand, I feel no threat. Child and mother have a role to play, so we must ensure they can do exactly that."
"I'd know more," fretted Sagi, her hands twisting together.
"I know you would, my love," said Asok in his calm way. "We shall do, all in good time. Why don't you take the child? She was confused and anxious but should be settled now." Asok touched the sleeping child with a tender gesture across the cheek. "Jonqi," he said quietly, waiting patiently for the dark eyes to open. They did, going first to Asok and then to Sagi. Asok noticed they were again the eyes of a child. Sagi stood and held out her arms.
"Sagigansan," Jonqi murmured as she was lifted. "I'm sleepy."
Sagi turned to go, but paused when Asok said pensively, "Could you ask Setoni to come to me when he's finished ministering to Soji?"
When Setoni came to Asok he found the steppeman alone, his eyes lifting as the healer came forward. Asok looked an enquiry.
"Soji?" he asked placidly. Setoni sank to the mat in front of Asok, his face drawn and weary. He lifted a hand, then let it drop.
"She'll recover, Asok, but there's permanent damage. She'll have to be handled with care."
"Damage to what, my friend?"
"She has chest weakness. It means she'll never handle cold conditions well. What most concerns me, Asok, is the girl's heart. She'll never be strong after two such illnesses so close together and identical in severity."
"Can she lead a normal life with us?"
"Protected from the cold of the conditions we're experiencing now, yes, but she'll always need adequate care." Asok pondered that.
"Have you seen Leon and spoken with him?"
"Yes."
"Does he know what you've just told me?"
"He does now." In a tired gesture, the healer rubbed a hand across his face, his eyes still deeply worried.
Asok said softly, "Tell me what makes you anxious."
"The girl has the mountains to climb and a winter to face before we reach the Shadowlands."
"And?" The healer looked at Asok.
"She won't make it," he said bluntly. "Soji will die." Asok frowned. His voice was still soft.
"Are you sure?" Setoni nodded.
"I'm sure."
Asok pulled a skin towards him and two cups, unhurriedly poured liquid into both vessels, then passed one to the healer.
"You need this, my friend," he said coolly. "You've struggled with Soji." Setoni gratefully lifted the cup to his lips, sipped, then stopped, a ludicrous expression of surprise on his face.
"Dahkilan wine?" He saw the glint in Asok's eyes and drank more deeply and with utter pleasure.
"It's surprising what one trades with one's neighbours," Asok responded calmly. "Enjoy it, healer. I rarely offer it. What do you make of Jonqi?"
"Unusual behaviour," murmured the healer.
"Would you say it was expected from a small child?"
"No." Setoni shook his head.
"Do you have any answers as to why a child would act as she did?"
"Should I?" countered the healer. He sighed, smiled his appreciation of the wine and made himself more comfortable. He glanced at the steppeman. "Was there anything else you wished to speak to me about?"
As soon as he'd spoken, Setoni glanced again at Asok and wished he hadn't. He drank again, licking his lips. The steppeman's gray eyes were too perceptive for the healer's comfort - he was always conscious of the acuteness of Asok's mind and knew this time obtuseness wouldn't be tolerated. Patiently, he waited for the trap to close. It did.
"I think," came the cool deep voice, "that it's time you were honest with me, Adept, don't you?" Setoni flinched, his eyes briefly meeting Asok's.
"How long have you known, Asok?" he asked, with another sigh.
"For several cycles, my friend. You've hidden it well, but not from me."
"So I see," murmured Setoni. "What do you wish me to say?"
"How often do you call to the Mishtok?" Setoni's mind reeled and he sat staring at his cup. A horrified suspicion entered his brain. "No, it's not drugged," chuckled Asok, raising his cup to his lips. He sat very composed, whereas Setoni sat quite rigid, all colour drained from his face. He looked ill. Asok gently touched his arm. "Don't be alarmed, Setoni. I've been thinking profoundly for some time. Let me suggest something to you."
When Asok sat back and began in his collected way to speak, some of the tension in the healer eased.
"My friend, we know the Conclave was destroyed and guessed, in time, it was done by a powerful sorcerer who calls himself Blach. We came to realise he acted from the Keep. You see, we had networks all over the south, much in the same way the Conclave did. Like you, we've had to withdraw and re-group.
We believed the remains of the Conclave were scattered, though it was known a new Mishtok was chosen. We didn't know who he was, but we knew he now existed. We soon realised he sent his Adepts to the corners of Ambros for some reason that eluded us. When you came to us, we knew you were different. My father sensed unusual power about you that wasn't part of your healing and he wondered, back then, before he died, just who you might be. Even he didn't guess what you really are.
He used to speak long with me about what occurred in the south of Ambros and we had an especial interest since we defeated the warlord at Kanibadam. At that stage, as you know, my father moved east with the bulk of our people, where you finally made your home with them. You were very welcome, Setoni.
I remember the conversations I had with my father, who was a wise man." Setoni nodded and drank again, his eyes watchful. "I thought back to them when Sagi so vividly saw both the Churchik girl and the dark-headed child, and again when Soji appeared from the mountains. It wasn't just pity that shook you when you saw Soji, was it, healer?" Setoni had recovered his composure and now shrugged.
"Mostly," he replied honestly. "The child raved in such a way, I wondered what it was about her that made me think twice."
"That's not all though, is it?" Asok watched as the healer deliberately drank, but made no answer. "Why did you think she might be important, healer?"
"The delirium, the dreams and the visions, I'd have to say," came the evasive response.
"Why her visions?"
"They only began while she carried Jonqi. I was intrigued by that little girl from the first."
"Yes, I noticed that," agreed Asok, a smile lighting his eyes. He refilled both cups. "So was I." There was a long silence, then the steppeman broached the name that Setoni didn't want to hear. "The name Luton appeared to interest you much, Adept. Can you tell me why?" Setoni bent his head.
"Asok," he began, then stopped, his head lifting.
"The Mishtok again, isn't it?" came the deep, quiet voice. Setoni swallowed a mouthful.
"I'll tell you, though I shouldn't. Times change," he said, a hint of steel in his tenor voice that was quite new to Asok and made the steppeman sit straight, his eyes on the healer's face. "Cycles ago, I was asked to see if I could find any trace of a boy, from Ortok, enslaved by the Churchik. The lad was a Samar, and very like his brothers whom we also sought across Ambros. He was a very tall, thin boy with black eyes and black curly hair - and he was a twin. Our finding the children was considered critical.
Before the boy was enslaved he was able to speak normally, as you and I do tonight. He was torn from an identical twin, but it wasn't just that either. What's been done to the boy -." Setoni broke off and drank deeply. His voice shook when he continued. "The way the boy coped was to become mute - I needn't tell you what state of mind could induce that. How the southern sorcerer knew of the boy we don't know, though we begin to piece things together. It concerns us, profoundly, that Blach now has him and has apparently destroyed much of the boy's mind, though to be honest with you, Asok, we don't know how much of his mind's gone. Our evidence tells us vividly enough what Blach does to mutes. Soji confirmed for us the lad has neither memory nor emotions. Her little daughter looks like this boy."
"And this boy's called Luton?" Setoni nodded. "Father of Jonqi?" His face emotionless, Asok drank and absently refilled the cups. "And?"
"I was told to stay with the mother and child, until we could get them to safety in the Shadowlands."
"To those we haven't seen for so long," mused Asok. "Why the Shadowlands?" Asok regarded Setoni intently. "Tell me, Adept."
Setoni's almost transparent eyes met intense gray ones when he answered quite deliberately, "Because they always accept those who are part of them." If Setoni had meant to startle Asok with that, he did. The steppeman sat back abruptly, spilling the wine.

"Who told you that?" Setoni didn't answer. "The Mishtok," murmured Asok softly to himself, as he wiped wine from his tunic.
"What else would you expect?" asked Setoni, watching Asok in some amusement. "I'm in regular contact with him." Asok began to laugh.
"I know that," he chuckled, then he became serious. "What is it about this boy Luton?" Setoni frowned.
"I'm not sure," he admitted. "He's one of a unique family who play important parts in events, but I can't tell you exactly what. I do know, though, that Luton's significant."
"So much so, Adept, a child of his has an unexpected seeing?" It was now Setoni's turn to be taken-aback. He raised a quizzical eyebrow.
"Jonqi? When was that? She's never shown signs of sight and it would be rare in one so young, unusual as she is."
"She told me she was visited by a big, green-eyed man who was very kind. He told her to go and call to her mother, which is precisely what you saw the child do." Setoni drank and was very thoughtful.
"I can't," he said reluctantly, "explain that at all. All I can say is the child must go north. Soji goes with her. Somehow, they're important." He added quietly, "I always thought they were."
"Yes," chuckled Asok again. "You told Sagi so." Setoni looked directly at him in surprise.
"Did I?"
"You said, I believe, she, meaning Soji, may be critical to our survival." The healer looked annoyed with himself.
"I can't remember," he excused himself, obviously vexed.
"No one could ever accuse you of forgetfulness, my friend," said Asok calmly. He tapped his knee with one hand. "This young man, Luton, Adept, who's now gone north - we know Soji's pedigree. What's his?"
"We'd all love to know that," murmured Setoni, over the rim of his cup. Asok pursed his lips.
"There's something in him he's passed on to Jonqi, that somehow links them both with the Shadowlands. And what is Jonqi? How else would the northerners accept someone, unless partly of them? There must be a clear link somewhere."
"I agree, Asok, but what it is, I don't know."
"The sorcerer obviously does," was Asok's comment. "Or does he? Yes, he must, because the boy's deeply useful to him for some reason. My guess is he wanted a child of that boy's, as some sort of insurance should his plans for Luton not mature. If that scenario's correct, his anger at Soji would be understandable."
"Yes, we accept that."
"Luton's still moving north?"
"Yes, with Kher and his warriors."
"Is he still being abused?"
"He never is when he's with the warrior lord who seems to have developed affection for him."
"And the warlord?"
"What of him?" The voice was deep and calm as always, but there was a warning inherent in it too.
"Adept!" Setoni refused to meet the gray eyes. "Don't take me for a fool, my friend." Setoni shook his head.
"Only a simpleton would make so serious an error of judgment," he answered honestly. A swift smile banished the gravity from Asok's eyes.
"Very good, Adept," he said approvingly. Setoni smiled. "Now, let's try again, shall we? Would you agree the warlord and the sorcerer are bounded together by mutual ambition?"
"I don't mean to be obtuse," sighed Setoni. "Yes, we believe they are. The south responds with alacrity to any order that comes from the Keep. It's the warlord's decree that they do. We saw that with Soji."
"So we can't let Soji remain out of the Shadowlands, can we?" Setoni raised his cup to his mouth with an eloquent shrug.
"Because the sorcerer wants her."
"Exactly, my friend." Setoni looked at the steppeman helplessly.
"I fear for her, Asok. She's frail and vulnerable. Like you, I've come to care for her."
"I wouldn't insist if I thought it was a death sentence," Asok assured the healer, "but I think she has to go. Jonqi must."
"Couldn't Jonqi travel on ahead and some of us follow later, in spring?" Asok thought for a moment then shook his head, looking long and astutely at the healer before he spoke.
"The sorcerer's been busy with his apprentice until lately. If he has power, and I think we'd agree he has, then he's going to be looking for our little girl and her mother, isn't he?" Setoni nodded mutely. "In our history, Adept, that you know has records in our libraries that go back a long way, we learned of a so-called sorcerer who set out to destroy Ambros. It all goes back to antiquity. We teach our children well, so nothing's forgotten.
My ancestors were caught in the battles that ensued with this, shall we agree to call him a mage?" Setoni merely looked bleakly at Asok. "It nearly destroyed us, as it nearly did every society living on Ambros. It was a time of hell. Once the wars were over, we learned our lessons thoroughly and have only once had to fight since those ancient days."
"Lodestok," said Setoni succinctly.
"Quite," said Asok, a hand at his beard. "Adept, we once again hear of Ambros in ferment and in near chaos - that has uncomfortable echoes from the past, though we know of only one sorcerer involved. I don't believe it's so simple, nor I'm sure do you or the Mishtok.
Luton, I suspect, is the child of someone the sorcerer seeks to hurt, or, more likely, destroy. He used the boy to impregnate a girl-child already chosen, though the boy's unaware of this and is merely the instrument. The newly-born infant's to be given to the sorcerer when she's scarcely old enough to leave her mother. You notice, at this point, the mother isn't wanted, because she's served the function for which she was chosen. It's only later the sorcerer becomes vengeful because she defied him.
The infant's to be given to Blach, for whatever use he wishes to make of her; certainly, it gives him two generations of what he wants, for whatever his purpose. Am I correct, Adept?" Setoni just looked at the steppeman, his face tranquil. "Only," the deep voice rolled on, "a mage of some power would wish to do such harm across an entire world and would use the young in such a way, wouldn't he?" Setoni blinked, but remained motionless. "Name him for me, Adept."
"Malekim," replied Setoni, expressionlessly. "It makes Luton's sufferings come into true perspective," he added with a shiver of compassion.
"Ah," sighed Asok. "I thank you, Adept, for your honesty." Setoni gave a harsh laugh before downing his wine in one draught. Asok bent forward and thoughtfully filled the healer's cup. "Would you leave Soji for him to take?" A shiver shook Setoni.
"No," he answered decisively. "She'd be better dead. Anyone would." Asok smiled gently at him.
"Quite so," he agreed. "Soji moves as soon as she can."
"Does Sagi know?" asked the healer, after a long pause.
"No," said Asok definitely, "and she won't, Adept." Setoni bowed his head in acquiescence, his respect for Asok's omniscience growing.
Asok would only wait for five days before he insisted, unreasonably, Sagi thought, eying him sourly, on a move. Soji was carried in a litter, so warmly bundled in blankets and furs all you could see of her were the eyes. Setoni rode beside her.
Carok and Jonqi stayed with their father, who alternated their care with Sagi and another steppewoman whom Jonqi liked. She answered to Saffro. Asokin was always there ready to help, his closeness to his elder brother picked up very early by Jonqi cycles ago. She often trotted at the boy's side, her hand in his and her eyes looking up adoringly at him.
Soji took a long time to heal, but she didn't worsen and within weeks was astride a horse again. Their struggle over the series of passes was fraught with peril and difficulties, their trail ill-defined and the weather rapidly closing in to winter bitterness. Sagi saw Asok, further ahead, reconnoitring for the best direction to follow, his eyes scanning a hostile environment of snow and ice. The days were very short and it was imperative shelter was found before darkness fell, so their progress was painfully slow. All would perish if left exposed. They managed two of the three passes, before a blizzard stopped any further progress. Asok merely shrugged, calling for a complete halt in a huge ice cavern. In there, they had to set themselves up for an indefinite stay.
Soji walked easily, admitted to fewer aches and said she tired much less easily. While she was still too pale, still Sagi thought the girl looked noticeably improved. Soji wanted her children and her mate. It was with delight that, one evening, the others heard, while they played at board games, Soji break into laughter at something Leontok whispered to her. When Sagi expressed her pleasure at this to Asok, he looked patiently at her, his face impassive in a way that made Sagi want to shake him, until she saw the appreciative twinkle in his eyes.
When the storms blew themselves out, the weary trek over treacherous ground began again. If Asok felt they were endangered by the conditions, he called for halts. Because of the heavy fresh falls of snow, they constantly lost the main trail and often ended up having to retrace their steps, grim determination and pain from the cold etched on faces of folk unused to such severe conditions. Their mountain plateau cities knew frozen, icy seasons, and the steppes could be freezing when the winter winds blew hard across them, but this was different. This environment was life-threatening. Asok was under no illusions about that.


CHAPTER THIRTY

Indariol and his small group of Shadowlanders camped along the forest edge that skirted the untouched boundary between the Shadowlands and southern Ambros. It was a mountain chain that separated two peoples who knew regular contact in ages past, until the Shadowlanders drew unapproachably back, their efforts at communication become fewer as each cycle passed. Finally, they no longer traded with those beyond their borders. They became hostile to intruders who may've gone into their forests. Few went back. And those from the south no longer made the northern trek. They, too, drew back.
The Elkin folk of the forest became self-sufficient in the way of the Sinhalien and the Gnosti, their culture and wisdom carefully and jealously nurtured, so it could be passed down from generation to generation. As time went by, their society broke into two groups, those who were city-dwellers and those who were like their progenitors, nomads who wandered freely across the Shadowlands with their horses and intos. Horses gave them mobility if they no longer wished to run but ride, and the intos gave them meat and clothing.
The nomads came to the cities over the cold season, to stay with city kin, though it was rare for any Shadowlander to feel the cold of an ice and snow-bound winter. They came to give the animals shelter, but it was a good excuse for the Shadowlanders to lump all their festivities to coincide with the nomadic influx. Maturity rites, seasonal rites and mating rituals were always enjoyed when the shadow folk came home.
Kin was the binding link between peoples who were spread across northern Ambros, those to the east developing their idiosyncrasies in much the same way as those in the west. Those in the central Shadowlands were those at the cradle of forest Elkin civilisation and were those destined to preserve and maintain it. Allegiance and respect were owed to the direct descendants of Chloronderiel, led by the Aelkin, who was the eldest of a venerable line. His word was law. That was universally accepted throughout the Shadowlands. The Aelkin answered to Indariol.
While they travelled, Indariol and his group were recognised and welcomed. If the eastern Elkin were surprised to see the Aelkin so far from home, they made no comment, but instead listened to his advice and warnings readily and willingly. Without hesitation, they offered food, shelter and companionship, accepting the band as if they lived among them. No one watching Indariol sitting in front of a fire of an evening, would have thought he looked at all out of place.
For the last five days, Indariol and his people were with a small nomadic settlement very far east. It was a contented time. Indariol clearly understood why his people had once been nomadic. It was a life that had charm and was attractive, something he acknowledged as he sat this evening, watching with delight as first the children danced, then the women, clapping and circling with abandoned pleasure. He applauded when musicians played. He sang along with everyone else. He listened to the bard recount their history, the oral tradition of what made them the people they were never failing to inspire. He took the communal bowl, from which he drank deeply, before he passed it to his neighbour. He smoked from the communal pipe, too, his pupils dilating and a very likeable smile coming to his face. He had great charm and a magnetic personality. He and those with him were welcome.
Completely relaxed, he joined the dancing, his long chestnut hair cascading about him, laughter not far from his lips. Finally, exhausted, he lay next to the fire, his eyes staring upwards at nothing, until he felt a hand on his shoulder and turned. When he saw the girl smile down at him he went contentedly with her.
The next morning, Indariol awoke to find himself next to a girl, her long tawny hair tousled and shrouding her face. She didn't stir when he rose, dressed, and went outside into snow that gently floated and blew in the wind. Indariol didn't notice the snow and it didn't touch him. He just knew it was time to move. When he and his companions were ready to leave, the nomads gathered about them and offered food as gifts before they quietly turned away. Indariol and his people reluctantly rode slowly towards the very edge of the Shadowlands where none of them had ever been and was an area avoided. It made them nervous, though no one voiced that.
They set camp and waited, all but Indariol content to wait. He was restless. The others whiled away the time by betting on horse races through the heavy snow. Indariol watched them with amusement though he didn't participate, his eyes watching the riders at full gallop through the trees.
When he stood alone on the second day, he felt a presence and turned sharply, drawing in his breath at the sight of a man standing only feet away. Indariol stood very still, his hand at his knife hilt, his stance one of alertness and threat. The stranger didn't move either. He just smiled, his green eyes warm and mildly amused. His voice was deeper than any voice Indariol had heard in his life. It was even deeper than the Ancient One's. At that he thought suddenly of Bene and his warning.
"Indariol, Aelkin, eldest son of the line of Chloronderiel?" the man asked courteously. Indariol took his hand from his knife and walked gracefully forward, his head inclined in a gesture of greeting.
"I'm Indariol," he acknowledged, with a formal and quaint bow. "To whom do I speak?"
"You may call me Oreth."
Indariol looked at the green-eyed man, noticing his breadth of shoulder and his height. He sensed no aggression and only kindly friendship.
"Do you seek me, Oreth?" The smile in the green eyes deepened.
"Indeed I do, young one. It's not so long ago that you spoke to Benhloriel, known to you as Burelkin or Ancient One." Indariol eyed Oreth cautiously and his reply was non-committal.
"Perhaps."
"And," continued Oreth, "he told you of a woman and child who'd be entrusted to your care, didn't he?" Indariol took a wary step back, gave a helpless shrug and his answer was a trifle grudging.
"Why do you ask, stranger?" Oreth gave him a long and penetrating stare that Indariol met fully, though he drew in his breath. "I don't know you, Oreth, and I've been warned of the unexpected. A mage can come in many forms and the guise of friendship is a common one. I won't imperil my people needlessly."
Oreth gave a deep sigh and sat down under one of the trees, well out of the line of snow that began to fall in gentle swirls. He pointed to the dry ground beside him.
"What must I tell you to convince you my intentions aren't such that they'll endanger your people, Indariol?" Indariol sat quietly and cross-legged beside the big man.
"Who you are," he suggested. He saw the rueful shake of Oreth's head. "Then, Oreth, tell me about the woman and her child. Can you name them?" Indariol saw the smile creep back into the green eyes.
"Very well. The girl's name is Soji and she's the daughter of a Churchik warrior. She was forced to bear a child who resembles the father - the child's name is Jonqi. With them is a healer from the Conclave, by name, Setoni."
"But doesn't he have another title, Oreth?"
"Yes," murmured Oreth amused. "He's an Adept."
"And the name of the child's father?"
"His name, Elkin, is Luton, as you already know."
"And where's Ortoriol?" Oreth's head came up in complete surprise, then he laughed, a rich, mellow laugh that shook him.
"Benhloriel!" he exclaimed, when he got his breath. "He's always shrewd, our Benhloriel," Oreth murmured. "Yes, young Elkin, that's a good question. He'll soon be back on Yarilo, having spent Ambrosian cycles with a girl who'll come to you. Does that satisfy you?" A smile crossed Indariol's face and his eyes met Oreth's.
"I don't know who you are, Oreth," he said placidly, "but I'll do what you ask." Oreth's faint smile broadened in response.
"I ask that you come with me to fetch the girl and the child, Indariol. I know the girl suffers and may die if she stays in the mountains. You'll find you have much to do if you're to help the healer nurse her back to health. She lacks physical strength and must be got to warmth. There are troublesome times coming to northern Ambros, young Elkin, that will sadly touch you and yours, so delay's unwise. I can't delay either." Indariol rose immediately, though he gave a shiver at words that echoed those of Burelkin.
"I'll organise at once. May we offer you food and drink?" Oreth looked up.
"That, young man, would be doubly welcome."
~~~
The travellers struggled to make any headway over the third pass. The men Asok sent ahead, to scout for shelter, came hastening back through thigh high snow as fast as they could, with news that a body of travellers headed south, directly in line with themselves.
Asok immediately called a halt. He asked if there was shelter close by that was defensible. When one man shook his head, Asok stood still. Sagi couldn't remember having seen her mate so tense, as his eyes travelled from Soji to Jonqi. He spoke sharply to two men beside him, who nodded and began to back their horses, preparatory to a return down the trail they'd so laboriously climbed.
"Go with them, Sagi," instructed Asok tersely. "Take the girl and the child. Keep them back at all times. Dress the child as a boy and take the healer." He waited to see that his instructions were followed and then turned to Leontok. "You know what you have to do, Leon. You know, too, what you'll be forced to do if the threat's what I suspect it may be. You won't hesitate if I give the order." Leontok licked lips that froze instantly and fingered his knife suggestively.
"It'll be done with love, Pasangan," he whispered hoarsely.
"I know that, son. Let's hope this is unnecessary." Leontok nodded. "I won't have them tortured, or worse, captured."
"It will be done. They'll feel nothing."
"Leave your mother, brother and the healer to me."
Leontok spoke to a small group of steppemen beside him, who listened intently, then swung round as best they could in the drift that encompassed them, to follow Sagi. Leontok was close behind.
Jonqi saw changing clothes as a game until she saw her mother's face, then she quietened and silently drew on the leggings, then the shirt and the heavy smock that came below her knees. The sombre faces of the men sobered her too.
"It's not a game we play, little one," said Soji seriously, gathering the long, black locks and pushing them up into the cap Jonqi now wore. "I want you, if I tell you to, to be a little boy. Will you do that for me?" The dark eyes twinkled mischievously.
"Yes, Masangan."
"That's my good little one," murmured Soji, holding the little girl close.
~~~
Since there was no obvious shelter where they'd trailed that morning, they had to go back to the cavern where they'd spent the previous night. During their struggle to get there Soji said nothing, having learned long ago not to ask questions. She allowed Asokin, who was now quite tall at nearly thirteen cycles, to take her reins. She glanced down at him and he lifted his head to grin carelessly back at her. Responsively, she bent forward to touch his ice-rimmed hood. Seven steppemen kept the small group moving, Soji the only one mounted. She watched as the horses either slipped on ice, missed a footing and stumbled, or floundered at times up to their bellies in snow drifts. She was nearly thrown more than once when Asokin missed his footing, too, and tripped. Sometimes he had to be pulled from the snow he was so deeply sunk into it, but he always laughed.
The route back to the shelter was as tortuous as it was to leave it. Snow had fallen and become heavy enough to obscure any footprints they'd have found useful. Their breath iced on contact with the air. All around them was achingly white, beautiful and deadly. If it could be seen through the snow, the sky was an even gray; at the moment visibility was nil. Soji took in a deep breath of sudden panic and was shaken by a cough. She saw Setoni, ahead of her, look back briefly.
When they reached the cavern, Soji sank down and accepted a cup given to Leontok by the healer and drank. Though she had nothing to do with the children, she was happy to be held securely in her mate's arms from where she could watch them. She barely sensed Leontok's acute tension. The potion already made her a little drowsy and certainly calm. It warmed her too. She vaguely noticed the children drank as well and they were now very quiet.
The remainder of the steppefolk arrived soon after, in twos and threes, faces grey with exhaustion and cold. Few words were spoken, but gestures and shivers were eloquent. Asok came in last. His face was graven and tired, but his eyes were clear and surprisingly untroubled Sagi noticed. He finally sought her out, after organising a guard at the cavern entrance.
She went to him quietly, waited for him to speak, then, when he pushed his hood back, he took the cup she held out to him.
"Sagi," he said gratefully, a hand touching her face.
"The weather's worsening again, isn't it?" she asked, her eyes meeting his. He nodded. "Can we move on?"
"Not for the moment. You can see nothing out there."
"Have we lost anyone?"
"Not yet, but if this worsens I have concerns about that, yes."
"What do you wish us to do?" Sagi took the empty cup he held out to her.
"We've no choices, my love. None at all. We're trapped," he replied calmly. Sagi thought he looked remarkably placid. There was no concern or alarm in the gray eyes.
"What do you know that I don't?" she whispered. A curious expression crossed his face and a faint smile touched his eyes.
"We'll sit it out," he said quietly, ignoring her question. "How's Soji?"
"She's holding. Setoni's given her dai, the children too."
"Then that's all that matters."
~~~
Asok turned to the entrance casually, then his pose stiffened and his eyes were wary and alert. The men on guard hadn't spoken, but Asok could read every move they made as if he himself had made it. He strode quickly to them, his head tilted as he, too, listened.
Whoever the group approaching were, they made no effort to be quiet and didn't seem hampered by the appalling conditions. Asok could've sworn he heard singing. The muffled sounds passed and now Asok could hear voices, quite clearly, as travellers made their way through the drifts, their talk and laughter carrying easily on the still air. He estimated there were about ten or twelve in the group and relaxed, bidding the men at the entrance to do so as well. The group were still some distance away, though the clarity of sound was deceptive and made them appear very close.
Asok squatted with the other men, his hood pulled up and his face inscrutable. While he listened, he was sure these people headed south were certainly not Churchik, weren't connected with the southern sorcerer, and were certainly not mounted. They travelled lightly and on foot. He was intrigued. They also obviously found it easy to follow a trail Asok and his men had lost some time ago. Asok waited, his interest piqued. These were unusual travellers indeed.
Nearly an hour later, Asok knew they were outside the cavern. He didn't know how he knew, he just did and that they stood there, waiting. There'd been no sound from them for a while, but still, Asok knew. He rose, signalling his men to stay where they were. He heard a barely audible protest from Sagi when he stepped outside the shelter of the cavern, the snow drifting onto him and clinging tenaciously.
Asok took a deep hissing breath. In front of him, standing quite still, were twelve people, their features indistinct and their bodies part-shadow and part-substance. The snow didn't touch them - all round them the ground was clear. Asok could see they were tall and slender, built like the steppefolk, their clothing light and all of them, but one, was barefooted. This one man was taller and broader and he wore boots. The snow didn't touch him either. He was also less indistinct.
As Asok absorbed them, so they evaluated him. They saw a tall, slight steppeman wrapped in skins and furs, every part of the man suggestive of serenity and control. They noticed their appearance left him unmoved, curious certainly, but quite unalarmed. The steppeman's eyes were clear, mid-winter gray, and they saw well beyond the immediate future. He seemed a powerful presence standing shrouded in snow.
They stood, a silent tableau, the group watchful and the steppeman gently swathed in snow. The traveller in boots made the first move when he stepped forward, his eyes as alert as Asok's. When he reached in front of the steppeman, Asok let out his breath on a long whistling hiss.
"The little one saw true," he observed complacently.
"She did indeed," agreed the stranger, his green eyes looking deeply into the tranquil gray ones. "The girl lives, Hasuran?" There was now a hiss from those who accompanied him.
"Yes." A look of satisfaction crossed the stranger's face.
"We'd have reached you sooner," he explained quietly, "but there's much afoot in the Shadowlands and it was impossible for me to come earlier." Asok's eyes looked beyond the man.
"They're from the Shadowlands?" The man nodded.
"They're those you seek," he replied. "The Aelkin wishes to know you."
"Likewise," responded Asok. A man came to stand next to the bigger man. He held out his hand. When Asok clasped it, both men sighed and stood motionless for long minutes.
"Know me, Hasuran. Welcome back."
"Know me, Aelkin," answered Asok. "It's been too long." Indariol stepped back again, a smile deep in his eyes. Asok turned to the other man.
"We have a mother and child who seek refuge with them."
"They know. The child's part of them." Asok's eyes met the stranger's again and he smiled.
"Yes. From her father."
"As you say."
"Will she be safe with them?"
"She and the girl will be safe, I can promise you that, steppeman."
"And Soji? It's the cold that troubles her." Asok saw gentleness touch the stranger's expression.
"Soji will be unharmed. Her mate Leontok may accompany her." Asok didn't flinch at the knowledge of their names.
"And her little boy?" he asked quietly. The green eyes rested thoughtfully on Asok.
"Carok," Oreth murmured. "Possibly, the child's very young." Asok waited, his glance drifting back to the silent still figures who intently watched him. The stranger spoke to himself. "The experience won't harm the boy. He may come."
"When do you wish them to come?" The green eyes rested on Asok again, a hint of amusement in their depths.
"The girl suffers, Asok. She should come as soon as possible." A reciprocal glint of amusement shone in the responsive but imperturbable gray eyes.
"I'll get them," Asok said very quietly. He turned to go back to the cavern, but stopped at the deep voice.
"You have knowledge, steppeman, and wisdom. You ally them with intelligence - that's rare. Your people are blessed to have you. Do you have Adept Setoni with you?" Asok glanced back, a smile at the question.
"Yes, we do. He's kept Soji alive."
"He must also come. He'll know he's called." Asok nodded and turned away.
At the cavern entrance, Asok almost collided with Sagi and knew, from one look into her eyes, that she'd heard every word. They were large, the pupils so black they almost devoured the softer gray. Her voice shook when she spoke.
"It's Jonqi's seeing, isn't it?" Asok nodded. "And they're the Shadowlanders?"
He nodded again, pushed her gently to one side and walked calmly over to Soji who sat dreamily, Leontok's arms protectively about her. Though she was tired and the drink had made her sleepy, her look up at the steppeman was one of sudden alarm and fear.
Asok spoke very gently, crouched down beside her and stretched out to take one of her hands reassuringly in his.
"Our paths part for a little, daughter."
"Pasangan," she whispered, her face perfectly white.
"They're the Shadowlanders, child, to take you north to safety. Leon will go with you and so will the children." A tear crept down Soji's cheek. Seeing it, Asok knelt closer to her, his voice soft and placid. "I don't know what the future holds for you, daughter, no one can tell you that, but I trust the man outside when he tells me that you'll come to no harm. I must trust him and so must you, child. You must believe I wouldn't let you go should I fear for you and yours. Soji," he added with a warm smile, "you're our daughter."
"I know," whispered Soji. "With you I'm at peace."
She was helped to her feet by Leontok, then reached out to Asok who held her close for long moments.
"Blessings on you, Soji," he said, releasing her and lifting Jonqi who stood next to them. "Come home to us before too long."
He held the little girl in a strong clasp, then passed her to Sagi who held the child closely and fiercely before releasing her. Asok signalled to Leontok. The young man rose immediately, stepped to his father's side, his head tilted while he listened, before he nodded several times in rapid succession. Then he returned to Soji, touched her shoulder and pushed her to Sagi.
When Soji broke from Sagi, she saw tears in the gentle gray eyes when the older woman let her go, and, as Soji turned to her mate, Sagi moved back, a hand brushing her eyes. Leontok stooped to her and embraced his mother, murmuring words only she could hear. Setoni also went to Sagi. He touched her gently, spoke briefly with her, then their hands met and held for a long moment, before the healer turned from her and crossed to Asok.
Leontok approached the cavern entrance, Soji's hand in his and her free hand holding that of a small dark-haired child. Leontok carried a second child in a hide cradle on his back. Behind them was Setoni, his eyes rather sad.
When advised by Asok of his leaving, the healer said, "I know, my friend. We approach a crucial time in Ambros, don't we?"
"It seems so, Adept," sighed Asok. "When you can, return to us, Setoni. You're now part of the steppes."
"As you're now part of me, Asok. I'll care for the four of them so they come home to you - you may believe that."
"I do," said Asok. "I've always trusted you, my friend, always."
~~~
The stranger looked at the small group that emerged from the cavern and moved to stand in front of him. His green eyes were extraordinarily gentle and kind. It was Jonqi who looked up at him first, her little face transformed and suffused with delight. She looked back and up at Soji, then twisted back to Asok and Sagi who stood just outside the cavern entrance, the snow falling quietly around them.
"Asokgansan, Sagigansan, here he is. This is him!"
Jonqi broke free of her mother's hold and ran to the stranger who lifted her with ease. He glanced down at Soji who stood downcast, her eyes troubled and afraid.
"Come, child," he invited quietly. "You won't be harmed and will be safe in the Shadowlands, I promise you."
Soji took a step forward, encouraged. He nodded, so she moved closer, face still white and eyes big with apprehension. He put Jonqi on the ground and then touched Soji's head with a gentle hand.
"Trust me," he said softly. When Soji looked up into his eyes, her fears faded. Leontok came forward, Carok soundly asleep on his father's back. "And you're welcome, young steppeman, as is your son." He looked beyond Leontok to the healer. "It's been a lonely road for you, Adept. You're needed." Setoni nodded.
The stranger looked long at Sagi and Asok, smiled benevolently at them, turned, and took Jonqi by one hand and Soji by the other. Leontok looked back to his parents with a smile, then followed, Setoni beside him.
Flanked by the other steppefolk, Asok and Sagi stood watching. They stayed that way until the small group, surrounded by the Shadowlanders, was no longer visible in snow that fell ever more steadily and swallowed them as though they'd never been. Asok knew if he stepped forward to look he'd see no trace of footprints about him.
When he finally sighed faintly and turned his head to look back at where they had to travel, he was startled to see a clear, direct path cut a swathe, for some considerable distance, through the freshly fallen snow. It was a track that was very easy for the steppefolk to follow.


Ambrosian Chronicles,
Third Age,
12211.

Our Archmage left Yarilo without advising the masters when he'll return. Though we've inordinate faith in the senior mage chosen to deputise for him, still we feel deep uneasiness the Archmage felt a necessity to leave.
 
It's only known he's on Ambros, nor are we able to be in touch with him. The acting Archmage assures us all is well, but we remain anxious and concerned. Not only is the Archmage revered, we're also acutely aware of his rapidly increasing fragility and how the upheavals on Ambros distress and torment him. A venerable mage is vulnerable and should be within the protection of the hall. His wisdom is critical to the restoration and maintenance of balance.
 
We've been informed, through Adept Setoni's work with a Churchik girl, that the enslaved Samar twin's left the Keep in the company of Haskar Kher. They move slowly but steadily northwards, presumably to meet up with the Warlord. We suspect this may be why our Archmage has gone to Ambros; our suspicions about Blach the sorcerer were confirmed for us some time since by the Watchers.
 
We're now fully aware Malekim's alive and active in his usual malevolent and destructive way. His use of Luton causes us serious concern. Where the apprentice treads, so comes the mage himself. We await his move so we may counter it. There's much more to come on Ambros. We suspect we're merely at the very beginning.


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

The southern army made steady progress towards the Kingdom of Kyaran. The serious attacks they constantly encountered, since they left Ortok, became increasingly formidable with serious losses to the warlord's army. Even so, Lodestok still couldn't get to grips with what he knew was a large and developed army in the north.
The Cartokian state, so long protected by her small mountain range and forests, had held out much longer than the warlord anticipated. His warriors, expecting an easy victory, walked into the main city to find its taking a hollow victory, because the entire population had either withdrawn north or gone into hiding in the mountains.
Fighters, foraying from the alps, were skilful and deadly. Everywhere the warlord's army camped, so came the Cartokians. They took and slaughtered small groups of men camped on the perimeter, then they indulged in hand to hand skirmishes that Lodestok's men invariably lost. The warlord's army was organised to over-run and subject. Now his warriors had to adapt to clashes and brief scuffles they didn't handle well.
These running battles infuriated the warlord. He may've taken Cartokian land but he'd neither subjected nor defeated her people. In retaliation, he angrily ordered the total destruction of anything his army came upon, his men even setting fire to the forests that were an integral part of Cartokian culture and economics. Every significant city in the state was sacked, but Lodestok won few slaves and even less in the way of vital supplies. Plundered riches made their tortuous way south, but the further north he went, the fewer slaves he found.
The warlord entered the Duchy of Sushi to find the same situation. He flew into such an uncontrollable fury, it made Bethel's life hellish for two days, in spite of Sarssen's efforts to distract Lodestok. Sarssen managed to deflect some of the rage, but not all. He always had a healer waiting for Bethel who, sore and hurt, retreated, desperately trying to avoid his master whenever he could.
As the warlord's army neared Taki for the anticipated rampage, Lodestok summoned Jaden and demanded that the healer read and seek the minds of those in command, especially the mind of Nakron.
Jaden found that an impossible task because he sensed a blanket surrounded the whole city. It was so inexplicable it made him blink with shock. Nor could he sense the presence of a reader-seeker of any degree. Telling the warlord that, made Jaden fear for his life. He'd seen Bethel shrink from Lodestok many times, the young face white and the eyes deeply scared, but now he did the same because the warlord's look of fury was so menacing.
Obligingly, Jaden tried again. This time, he got the faintest reading of someone who clearly referred to Strategos Sarehl who was northwards bound. When Jaden told Lodestok that, the chilling eyes held an arrested expression and a grim little smile played about a pitiless mouth. The rest of the warlord's face was like flint. He dismissed Jaden and then stood contemplatively stroking his lush whiskers.
"Well, well," he murmured to himself. "So, little flower, your brother has indeed survived to cause us trouble. Now I wonder how he managed to escape."
Over the last cycles, Lodestok always used a knowledge of Sarehl's whereabouts as an effective weapon of control and coercion, Bethel instantly subjected, even if it was never necessary, by the merest threat where his elder brother was concerned. His big eyes became apprehensive and his head bowed submissively. It came as no surprise to Sarssen that the warlord should begin to idly toy with the use he could make of Sarehl's current whereabouts, assuming, of course, the young man moved quickly north with the retreating forces he helped marshal.
From Adept melds the warrior had known, for some time, that Sarehl was alive though meant to be dead and was deeply involved with the formation of the northern army. So, Sarssen prayed the warlord wouldn't think of a way to involve Bethel in his search for a method of either containing, or trying to use, a young man clearly gifted with a brilliant mind. The warrior now had a clearer understanding that the bond between Bethel and his eldest brother was no ordinary one, so any attempt to tamper with Bethel's mind, in connection with Sarehl, would be enough to upset the boy's fragile mental and emotional state. It would strike at the very essence of the young warrior and may well be the final attack Bethel could cope with.
Lodestok wasn't quite right in his surmise that Sarehl was with the army, but his reasoning that the Strategos would move north, from Sushi to Kyaran, was correct. Perhaps, thought Lodestok with amusement, he could arrange to deal with the tiresome young northman there.
Taki was taken, but again Lodestok was frustrated, because there were few defenders, most well gone by the time the assault battered down the main gates. Enraged, the warlord's anger spilled over onto his men and inevitably onto Bethel. Sarssen again found himself trying to defend the boy from the worst of Lodestok's anger. He shielded Bethel surprisingly well.
From early morning, Bethel retreated to Jane and his men. When they camped, he stayed as often as he could with other warriors, especially with Luth, or Manas. He had other warrior friends too. He became hardened and proficient in his drills, seldom, if ever, making mistakes. Bensar and Esok, who had most to do with him, watched him and exchanged glances, but nothing was said.
Bethel went to Sarssen, ostensibly for additional training. The tempkar taught the boy as much and as fast as he dared; at the end of a session he deliberately blocked the boy, Bethel's mind only fully unlocked when they were together.
Bethel's men learned to respect the gentle youth. His orders were never unreasonable, he was never harsh or cruel, and he'd always listen. Kel spent a lot of time with the young man, so much so, the men began to take their cue from him and rapidly weren't prepared to tolerate any criticism of the `lad' as he became affectionately known.
Kel found the youth fascinating. It was, however, Bethel's absolute subjection to the warlord that increasingly bothered Kel, more and more, though he couldn't explain why he felt that way. It finally dawned on him that it was tragic to see a young one, so full of hope and talent, sometimes crushed and hurt. The abject submission troubled him most. It made Kel, a very tough mercenary, who killed with impunity and had no conscience about his work, begin to have serious doubts about why he was with the southern army. He became protective of Bethel, trying as best he could to reduce the stress of controlling and organising the men. He worked willingly with Jane and always had a smile for Bethel.
Bethel, apart from episodes with the warlord that were sometimes unspeakable if Lodestok threw a violent temper, lived a calm two cycles from initiation. The turbulence brought about by his warriorhood passed very quickly and Bethel, now eighteen cycles, had settled into a lifestyle that always seemed to exist for him.
He was extremely tall, taller than the warlord, certainly more so than any other warrior and though he was still boyishly slender he was very broad-shouldered in the mould of his siblings and father, with a gentle manner and a velvety bass/baritone that was a pleasure to listen to. It was only these days that the warlord saw the beginnings of dark down on the young cheeks and chin; it made him thoughtful when he watched the youth of an evening, the boy curled up on his slave mat, a slender hand scratching at the fluff. In general, in private, Lodestok was surprisingly tolerant and gentle with his slave and unusually protective. Only Sarssen was aware of that.
Bethel was still a quite beautiful young man, his finely chiselled features sensitive and delicate, the skin still alabas soft and clear, and the eyes, framed by those ludicrously long, curling eyelashes, were the same huge, lustrous purple. The mouth still sensuously curved. Bethel still licked his lips when threatened or was nervous. Another gesture uniquely his was when he thought, Bethel twined his long hair round a finger, then chewed reflectively on the ends of it. He was doing that this evening. He sat quietly on his mat, hunched, because there was a chill in the air and he badly felt the cold. The warlord eyed him.
"Bensar spoke of you today, flower," he said coldly. Startled, Bethel turned and stared up at the warlord, his finger quickly unravelling the entwined hair.
"My lord?"
"He says you learn most satisfactorily. That pleases me."
"My lord," murmured Bethel automatically, his head bending and his hands, still, in his lap.
"You also, I believe, manage your men in a competent fashion." Bethel swallowed nervously.
"I try, my lord."
"Trying is not enough, petal," censured the icy voice. "It is your duty to succeed. The measure of a warrior is how he sees himself. His courage must come from within and it is instinct that drives him to achieve the highest honour and glory he can. Your battles within must be conquered before you can function efficiently as one of my warriors. The only thing you should ever fear, petal, is disgrace, failure and dishonour. You do not try - you succeed." Bethel gulped and remained silent. "A true warrior, in an ancient tradition, must be a rounded man with a centre of calm and control and he must have many skills. You will begin to study warrior meditation more deeply, boy. Ask Sarssen to take you through the routines. I shall also teach you so you can, one day, achieve this centred state."
"Yes, my lord."
"Gariok tells me you have achieved the status of Caeom. I believe that is unusual for one so very young, that level most often reached when an apprentice bard is over thirty cycles. You are only eighteen cycles, petal." Bethel kept his head down. "That is to your credit, boy. Make sure you achieve as well as one of my warriors."
"My lord."
"You will be a master bard before you are in your mid-twenty cycles, flower. Your musical talents appear to be very real." Again Bethel breathed deeply, unaware where the conversation led and accordingly apprehensive. He knew an answer was expected.
"I love my music," he managed, licking his lips.
"And being a warrior, boy?"
"It gives me pride to be one, my lord," responded Bethel, daring a glance up from under his curling eyelashes. He saw the warlord regard him pensively.
"You begin to grow your manhood, boy, though you are come to it much later than the Churchik, do you not?" he asked, no emotion in the pale eyes that seemed to impale Bethel wherever he was in Lodestok's company.
"Yes, my lord," he agreed. He wished silence would again descend on the pavilion and was suddenly aware, with Lodestok's speaking of it, that his sprouting beard was aggravatingly itchy. He stayed still.
"Play for me," he was commanded.
Obediently, Bethel stretched to the estibe that rested on a chair and began to play a quiet melody that made the warlord study him impassively for a long minute, before he closed his eyes.
~~~
In these last seasons Bethel began to feel, for the first time since his enslavement, that, in some way, he did belong in this alien society even though he'd no choice about being part of it. He felt he was a young Churchik warrior.
He learned over the last cycle, too, that among the Churchik there were codes of behaviour and honour - that not all warriors were cruel and brutal. Though they might give no quarter in war, many of them were different among themselves. Many appreciated poetry and music. Some were deeply learned. In others, he found there was unexpected sensitivity, considerable generosity, surprising control and personal discipline, even an aspiration to be the best a warrior could make of himself. He recognised, almost unwillingly, modesty in achievement and accomplishment.
He saw compassion, sometimes, but mostly he saw striving for an ideal of perfection and superiority. The Churchik warrior class genuinely believed they were a chosen people and those inferior to them should be subjugated and enslaved, so, for them, the elimination of whole peoples was acceptable. Bethel still found that concept abhorrent, but he could see why the Churchik acted in the way they did. He learned to accept that the Churchik, as a martial people, saw physical power and dominance as paramount.
He knew they had few truth-seekers in their society and heard they'd had seers. They were a complex people Bethel doubted he'd ever fully understand, but he was forced, grudgingly, to respect some of them, though he'd always fear them to the very depths of his being. Lodestok had ensured Bethel would always be subservient to the Churchik. It was now deeply part of Bethel's psyche. And the Churchik, in turn, many of them, learned to tolerate him as one who was, certainly, an outsider and inferior as a slave, but one who survived within their culture and had achieved warrior equality within it. The warriors, like Correc, who would never accept anybody outside their race, still showed dislike and contempt for Bethel, Correc still seeking him out for special treatment, the abuse intended to hurt and humiliate.
~~~
The army skirted the northern edge of Lake Imaq and now was south of the Shadowlands, marching west towards Kyaran. The trail of devastation the warlord's army left in its wake stretched from the north of Ambros, right down through Dahkilah, to the southern-most occupied lands of Kerulen and Mashhad and all lands in the west.
Lodestok's conquests were enormous and frightening, his empire vast and diverse, and the range of peoples enslaved or slaughtered almost unthinkable. The subjugation of peoples was vicious and relentless, the social costs for Ambros, colossal. Lodestok anticipated no real threat to his supremacy, because no one people stood and fought a battle with him. The skirmishes continued, but Lodestok's army was intact. It looked like a bloated insect that crawled across the landscape. He was unworried. His army wasn't crippled or disabled by attacks, the warlord only really losing his temper when he lost a warrior to the raiders. So Lodestok's army marched.
~~~
The current march wasn't especially pleasant, because the days became colder and shorter, the chill in northern Ambros cruel and biting. Heavy clothing was necessary to keep out the chill. Bethel was only warm at night and that was simply because he was smothered by the warlord who rarely suffered from the cold. Since he'd little covering on his bones, unlike the more solid Churchik, Bethel was constantly cold during the day while he rode beside the warlord.
The further west they slowly went, the more Lodestok became preoccupied. He seemed to mull something over in his mind, every so often looking across at Bethel, amusement in his bleak eyes. Bethel saw and felt it. All his old trapped feelings came in waves to swamp him. He wished himself back with his men or with his warrior troop.
Things came to a head on this particular afternoon, when Lodestok turned his head to survey the youth riding beside him.
"Flower," he said, in the gentle voice. Bethel looked across at the warlord and found his eyes met and held. Bethel didn't dare blink.
"My lord."
"You will do something for me this evening." Bethel felt a gripe in his stomach. His heart began to race.
"My lord," he answered, meekly enough.
"Yes, little flower," purred the warlord. "It should be an agreeable task for you." Bethel's foreboding deepened. The glacial stare worried him.
"My lord," he repeated.
"I have been speaking to Jaden about your reading and seeking, boy. He tells me you come along moderately well, though he thought you would learn faster. He says your skill has reached a plateau and will go no further."
"I try to learn, my lord," replied Bethel, through dry lips. "I just cannot quite understand at times."
"Some are natural readers or seekers," came the biting voice. "I suppose it is because you have not the taint of Yazd blood. That makes you slower than others. However that may be, you have enough skill to be useful."
"My lord." Lodestok yawned then continued, the chill in his voice giving Bethel goose bumps.
"You will seek out and read your eldest brother for me, flower." Bethel's stomach seemed to turn over and he barely restrained a gasp. He couldn't speak. He had the queer sensation someone disembowelled him. Helpless, he just sat, his teeth beginning to chatter. "You seem surprised, little flower," said the warlord, eying him with a considerable degree of amusement.
Without knowing what he did, Bethel sent out a powerful distress call in teleth, something he'd never done, even in moments of extreme pain or fear. He'd shown no sign of having such ability. It made his catlin instantly come to his mind, at the same instant as the cry caught a startled Sarssen who immediately sent a response that was cool and assured. It encouraged the boy to steady his nerves and respond in a suitable fashion. It soothed Bethel's terrified despair. He swallowed and felt able to talk, even if his words were breathless.
"Where, my lord?" Lodestok's amusement deepened.
"That is better, flower. I thought, for a moment, you might disgrace yourself as a warrior. You do," he prompted ever so gently, "remember your oath to me?"
"I remember distinctly, my lord." The warlord leaned over to pull at the reins of Bethel's horse.
"Excellent, little flower," he said softly, as Bethel's horse came right next to his. "Your brother was at Taki." Bethel stiffened apprehensively.
"Yes, my lord. You told me that." He remembered how he'd been threatened then and paled.
"Indeed, petal. Your behaviour as my slave and as my warrior has been exemplary." Bethel's head bowed. "However, petal, your brother is a problem we need to resolve, is he not?"
"Why, my lord?" Lodestok caressed the dark hair that hung loose, then rubbed Bethel's cheek under the hood.
"He has organising talent, boy. I find him a nuisance. He must be restrained." He felt Bethel tense and a deep chuckle escaped him. "I think, petal, it would be poetic if you were to be the remote instrument of his control, do you not agree?" He pulled playfully on the dark curls. "He is at Krynn, so this seems to me to be an ideal time."
"My lord, no, you cannot - I could not. No!" Bethel stopped, appalled.
"I cannot what, petal? You could not what?" The tugs on Bethel's hair became insistent.
"Sarehl is my brother," whispered Bethel.
"So he is, petal," agreed the warlord smoothly. "So he will respond to you with delight, will he not?"
"I cannot betray -." Again Bethel stopped. His voice shook pitiably. Lodestok drew both their horses to a halt. His eyes meeting Bethel's glittered.
"Whose slave are you, boy?" he asked silkily.
"Yours, my lord."
"Whom do you honour, serve and obey?"
"You, my lord," repeated Bethel.
"Is your memory so short, boy?" Bethel shook his head. "Do I have to teach you, again, to obey me?" A deep shudder of remembrance shook Bethel. A tear the warlord couldn't see, slid down a white face.
"No."
"So you will be compliant and help us contact your brother this evening?"
"As my lord commands," came a broken whisper.
Bethel barely sensed either catlin or Sarssen in his mind because grief overwhelmed him. The warlord roughly caught Bethel's chin, and, making the youth turn his head, stared hard into purple depths that showed self-loathing and utter defeat. He spoke very softly.
"Had you not been obedient, boy, I would not kill you. Like you learned before, I would merely make you wish to die. I will not permit that, any more than I did before." Bethel swallowed with an effort, his eyes fixed to ones that seemed to devour his. "Do you understand, boy?"
"My lord." The warlord let the dark head fall.
"Then you may ride again, boy, and since we do not have long before I call a stop, you can entertain me with your view of the beauties of the countryside."
Sarssen sat his horse impassively, to all outward intents and purposes merely contemplating the scenery about him while he rode. He was caught completely unawares by Bethel's teleth. He realised, with grim foreboding, that Bethel's talent manifested itself extremely dangerously, particularly when he was threatened and at his most vulnerable. Only sheer terror and revulsion would make the boy react this way. It took all Sarssen's energy and time to try to pacify the turmoil and anguish he sensed in the young mind, Sarssen's desperate hope Lodestok wouldn't try to use the boy against Sarehl washed away in a wave of exasperation and anxiety.
He stayed in Bethel's mind for as long as he could, well aware how fragile and in the balance Bethel's mental state suddenly was. He communed with the catlin, who was highly agitated. Nor did the tempkar expect Bethel to survive much longer on his own. Sarssen knew, where the warlord didn't, that Sarehl was a father figure, so the suggestion Bethel should be asked to assist in a meld to restrain or control that very father was beyond the young one's ability to cope with. The boy's endurance for seven cycles, thought Sarssen savagely, was remarkable, but there was only so much anyone could take. Bethel had now reached that threshold.
~~~
Sarssen withdrew from the boy's mind, to send out an urgent call that got an immediate response. The Mishtok sounded distant.
"You call, Adept. That's dangerous," came the voice remotely.
"We have a crisis, Reverence."
"That's what you're there to cope with," came the cold response. Sarssen's voice had an edge to it.
"Not this time, Monseignore."
"Explain."
"The boy telethed." There was a faint sigh in Sarssen's mind.
"So it was him we all heard. I wondered."
"The boy has gone as far as he can, Monseignore. Do you realise the full depth of his talent?"
"We know much more than we did, Adept. Yes, I know of his prodigious talent."
"Then you had best be aware how critical his situation is." There was a strong note of exasperation in Sarssen's deep voice.
"I'm listening."
"Jaden and the warlord have arranged for the boy to assist in a mindmeld to restrain Bethel's eldest brother. You know him as the Strategos."
"Sarehl, yes; that's so."
"The boy is finely balanced, Monseignore. The eldest brother is a father to him, but there is much more to the relationship than that. It is profound in a way I do not yet understand. If we do not act now, we shall lose Bethel. This is a cruel act by the warlord. I did not expect him to use the boy so, though he does not know the depth of the relationship, or the possible consequences of what he proposes. He could not appreciate that a mind meld, with one at a much lower level than another, would irreparably harm the weaker reader. Bethel's mental state worries me." There was a long silence in Sarssen's mind.
"What level have you got the boy to?" came the question after a while.
"Level Two."
"Not high enough," mused the Mishtok.
"No," agreed Sarssen sourly. "He must be allowed to learn despite his proximity to the warlord, but I have to go slowly with him. He could endanger every one of us if he leaks like this and cannot control indiscriminate teleth." Again, there was silence.
"What level is Jaden, Adept?"
"Post-Level Three, Monseignore."
"There's a Level Four in Kyaran where the elder brother is. The reader answers to Kaleb."
"Is he open?"
"He will be. He's blanketed the immediate areas around him for some time."
"What do you advise?"
"Jaden doesn't uphold the code or his oaths. To use his talents in such a meld is despicable, as is such an abuse of an unformed mind. He's become expendable." Again there was a sigh. "He has such gifts." Another long silence followed that, then the cold voice said dispassionately, "Jaden's responsible for other acts of atrocity in the past. We can't mindmeld with you."
"No, I know that. It would alert the sorcerer if nothing else. We do not want to issue an invitation to him."
"Certainly not, Adept. Your suggestion?"
"The Fourth Level melds with me. Though I am with him, I will stay in the background until the Jaden/Bethel meld touches us. I then absorb the boy from the combined meld at the instant it makes contact with the Fourth Level. Jaden will assume the Fourth Level is Sarehl. I will then work with Jaden after I have broken his meld with Bethel - the Fourth Level stabilises and cocoons the boy."
"It's perilous, Adept."
"Very," came Sarssen's dry rejoinder. "If it fails, we all die. Have we any other option?"
"No." There was a pause. "And the boy. What then with him?"
"I shall close him down indefinitely to let him regain his balance. He has suffered more than enough. When I am satisfied he is in no danger, and no danger to anyone else, I shall continue with him. At least Jaden should be no further threat."
"Damp that boy's teleth," warned the cold voice. "It was so strong and distressed, it would've reached Yarilo."
"Possibly beyond, Reverence."
"We can only hope you're wrong about that, Adept."
"I shall block his teleth most carefully."
"Wise, Adept." The voice became remoter still. "Be very, very careful. Jaden's no fool."
"Neither am I, Monseignore."
~~~
Sarssen sent a gentle thought to Bethel. He entered a mind torn with misery and guilt. Sarssen knew it was mostly Sarehl's image Bethel clung to as his one hope over cycles of despair, his older brother a mentor, but also one so enmeshed with Bethel's essence they were, at times, simply one. He stayed with Bethel, conscious how fast he sank. The warrior struggled to hold him. He sent comfort and reassurance, but knew it touched Bethel not at all - the boy was beyond that.
Sarssen decided that while Bethel was with the warlord, he had to act swiftly. He drew his horse from the line and cantered back, his keen eye scanning for Jane whom he found after twenty minutes. Jane rode moodily, a frown on his face. He looked up as a rider approached, an eager expression coming to his eyes that faded to a look of acute anxiety when he recognised Sarssen, and it was with a sinking heart that he waited for the warrior to draw up beside him. He noticed the grim set to Sarssen's mouth and his own went dry.
"Beth, my lord?" When Sarssen looked down, Jane saw tension and misgiving in the fine green eyes.
"Jane, my good fellow, you will come with me and remain when we shortly set camp. I want you in my pavilion with the boy slave."
"Mishak?"
"Yes." Sarssen gave a slight abstracted smile.
"Is Beth hurt, again, my lord?"
"Not yet, Jane, and not if I can help it." Sarssen's smile faded. "Jane, I am afraid you will be concerned when you see Bethel. Just talk with him and try to reach him, but do not let him be on his own for a moment. Can I depend on you?"
"Aye, my lord," said Jane. He found it difficult to swallow.
"Can the men be left?" The warrior turned to face the line, his eyes sweeping over the walking men.
"I'll cope with that, my lord. Kel's a good fellow and fond of the lad."
"Good man," said Sarssen softly. He turned back to look at Jane again. "I shall do all I can for the boy."
"Aye, my lord, I know. You've helped him a lot over the cycles, haven't you?"
"You do not miss much, Jane."
"Like you, I watch over him as best I can, my lord."
"Let us just hope, Jane, others are not such keen observers," commented Sarssen. He spurred his horse and was gone.
Jane dismounted. First he signalled to Mishak that the boy was to take the reins, before he walked briskly back to Kel who watched the exchange with interest.
"Trouble, Jane?" Kel asked, his smile crooked.
"Why do you ask?"
"That one never comes to the ranks, other than to the archers, unless there is," Kel answered quietly. "Has something happened to our young warrior?"
"Not yet, and not if the tempkar can help it, Kel." Kel looked thoughtfully at Jane.
"Me and the men are developing an affection for the lad, Jane. We'd hate to see him hurt for no reason."
"So would I," said Jane sternly, "which is why Mishak and I are going ahead. Can I leave you, Kel?"
"Of course," was the stolid and immediate response. "There'll be nothing happening here to distract you from helping the lad."
"Thank you," murmured Jane, his hand held out. Kel grasped it, his smile again awry.
~~~
Lodestok called a halt fifteen minutes after he spoke to Bethel. He listened to Bethel's discourse on the scenery with appreciative amusement, the boy's monologue hopelessly disjointed and the warlord well aware Bethel had no idea what he was saying. When Lodestok raised a hand to indicate a halt, he looked measuringly at Bethel.
"You will now go to your men, flower, but will come, as is your habit, to serve me. After that, we shall carry out the seeking. Do not be late, will you, boy?"
"My lord."
Bethel turned his horse. In an effort to find his men, he began to ride blindly down the line that slowly drew to a stop. Sarssen rode quietly towards him but had to swerve and pull up his horse sharply, because Bethel's horse made no effort to avoid him. Sarssen quickly drew in beside the chestnut, caught the slack reins and drew Bethel's horse next to his so he could control it, then he led youth and horse back up the line to where his pavilion was already being lifted from a wagon and assembled at speed by practised slaves. He saw Jane and Mishak come towards him and called urgently.
"You, boy," he ordered Mishak curtly. "Help your master by looking to his horse!"
As he spoke, Sarssen dismounted. He almost collided with Mishak who rushed forward to obey and received an additional command that he take the tempkar's horse as well. The warrior crossed to Jane. The stocky man tried to support the figure that nearly tumbled to the ground, while Sarssen, too, put an arm around Bethel to keep the boy on his feet. At the same time, he yanked back the hood that fell forward over Bethel's face. Jane drew in his breath at the sight of the face, the big eyes blank.
"My lord," he murmured. "What's been done to him, again?" Sarssen didn't waste words.
"Just you keep hold of him, man, and get him seated. Remember, Jane, do not leave the boy alone in his present state."
Sarssen strode away. It left Jane to struggle to keep Bethel upright and direct him towards a small clump of bushes where he carefully let Bethel down. Jane knelt beside him, lifted the dark head to rest on his shoulder and talked gently and quietly. The eyes closed. Then tears squeezed their way under the lids to cascade down the ashen face.
"Nothing, lad," Jane whispered, "is worth this. Nothing. Come, young lad, talk to me."
He cradled Bethel. His hand ran over the tumbled curls in a comforting gesture that he didn't realise imitated Sarehl throughout Bethel's early life. Bethel made no sound and didn't move. Jane stayed still. He continued to comfort. After ten minutes, he saw Sarssen approach with a mug in one hand, but didn't speak when he watched the warrior go to one knee and hold the mug to Bethel's lips.
"Has he spoken?" Sarssen asked sharply. Jane shook his head. "How long has he wept in this manner?"
"Since you left, my lord."
Sarssen entered Bethel's mind. What he read there, prompted him to give a quiet but unmistakable command. It brought the eyes, almost black, wide open. Bethel stared straight up at the warrior and began to shake, but when the mug was held to his mouth he obediently drank until it was empty. The shakes caught him in waves. He tried to speak, but found Sarssen's fingers at his lips.
"No, boy, do not speak. We have much to do and you need rest. Jane is going to take care of you until I return." Sarssen looked deeply into distraught eyes. "You are badly frightened, boy, but all will be well. Trust me." He waited for Bethel to nod, then calmly placed his hands on the young forehead, the fingers pressing heavily. Bethel relaxed.
The warrior stayed that way for several minutes, watching the young face. Then he rose and spoke, so quietly to Jane, Bethel couldn't have heard even if he'd wanted to.
"Jane, the boy wants to die. I believe he can will it. He has nothing to fight with and for one like Bethel that is dangerous." Sarssen saw Jane's face and shook his head. "You will understand later," he added, with a shrug. "What he has just drunk will calm him but he must take nothing else. Try to get him to sleep once the pavilion is up and do not on any account leave him." Jane cradled the dark head even more protectively and shook his head.
"I'll keep the lad safe, my lord," he murmured.


CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

Kaleb was quietly curled up on his bed, perusing a book, when he received the call from Sarssen. He sat abruptly at the clarity of the voice in his mind.
"You are thinking profoundly," came the cool thought.
"I answer to you, Adept. I was told there'd be a call."
"I am Sarssen."
Kaleb's mind reeled. The only Sarssen he knew about was a Churchik warrior close to the warlord and that knowledge came from Sasqua.
"Quite correct, Kaleb," came the amused voice. "It is odd, I grant you."
"Not at all," sent Kaleb, grappling once more with the unexpected.
"I need your help, Kaleb. It concerns a boy you know is here in the camp - Bethel."
"Bethel?" asked the healer, trying to pull himself together.
"Yes, the boy you have all wondered about for so long, Level Four. His mind is under threat. Can I explain what has happened to him?"
"Please do," invited Kaleb, a little weakly.
"Then, Kaleb, open to me."
Filled with Sarssen's awareness, Kaleb saw Sarehl's younger brother for the first time. He sensed Sarssen's amusement at the healer's utter astonishment at how like his brother Bethel was. Kaleb saw a very tall, slender youth lying in a pavilion, his beautiful face in repose, ridiculously long black curls tenderly stroked from his forehead by a stocky man, belligerently protective. The young face was pale but sculptured, a sensual mouth slightly open as Bethel breathed deeply and evenly, the usual familial thick, black eyelashes splashing the cheeks. Kaleb sensed the strength of Sarssen's powerful block in the boy's mind, the healer very aware of the raw power that came from the warrior.
Kaleb listened to the warrior and then to the explicit instructions. When Sarssen finished, there was a long pause in the healer's mind before the cool, bass voice echoed again.
"Kaleb, the boy is scarcely a Level Two. Though he has considerable talent, what Jaden proposes puts him in grave danger. Sarehl would be harmed, but this boy would unravel. To use a child so is an abuse of every tenet we believe in. Assuming we all live through what I suggest, I shall close the boy down for an indefinite time. I hope I shall not have to disturb you again. Do you have anything you wish to tell me?"
"Yes, Adept. I was told to tell you all I told Adept Leon."
Sarssen absorbed all he could of Sarehl, Daxel and Luton, and at the end his advice was terse and blunt.
"Keep the two brothers blocked as you have done. It seems there is a variety of extraordinary talent that touches all the family. This is singularly dangerous. Look to yourself likewise, Fourth Level."
"Yes, Adept."
"Until this evening, Kaleb." As Sarssen's consciousness left him, Kaleb heard the cool lingering voice a last time. "You do not discuss this with anyone."
"No, Adept," he responded.
The link broke. Kaleb was left trying to come to grips with thoughts that seethed.
~~~
Late in the afternoon, Sarssen entered his pavilion, to see Jane on the bed propped up by a mound of cushions, eyes alert. Curled up tightly beside him was Bethel, his breathing deep. Sarssen crossed the pavilion to stare reflectively down at the somnolent figure, then at Jane, a smile in his green eyes.
"How long has he been asleep like this, Jane?" he asked. Jane yawned.
"Hours, my lord."
"Has he had nightmares?" Jane shook his head.
"He's been very peaceful."
"That bodes well," said Sarssen quietly.
He pulled over a chair, sprawled back in it, crossed his legs and closed his eyes. Jane studied him.
"Can you tell me what this is all about?" he asked tentatively, flexing his free arm.
"Not without possibly endangering you, Jane, no. The fewer who know about things the better. Believe me when I tell you it is no lack of trust." Jane smiled.
"Aye, I know that, my lord."
Sarssen sat still, his thoughts far away with what Kaleb had just told him of Bethel's family. Jane said nothing more and turned back to Bethel. He stayed silent. When Sarssen rose unexpectedly, Jane looked up.
"Where do we go from here, my lord?" he enquired calmly. Sarssen crossed to his table where he poured two goblets of wine, one of which he handed to Jane.
"We hope to the gods, my man, that we see tomorrow. Time will tell." He slouched back to his chair and drank deeply, only vaguely aware Jane sighed before he too upended his goblet.
Half an hour later Bethel stirred, shivered and settled back under the furs. When Jane saw the big eyes open, he looked across to the still, silent figure outlined in the early twilight.
"My lord," he said, with a note of urgency. "Beth's awake."
Sarssen rose and went to the bed, sat on the edge of it and took Bethel's hand in his. His deep voice was as gentle as Jane remembered it.
"You are awake, are you?" Bethel's eyes looked tired but calm and met the warrior's without flinching.
"Yes, my lord."
"How do you feel, boy?" There was a flicker of uncertainty in the dark eyes.
"Rested, my lord."
"You had a fright, Beth, but that has passed, has it not?" Bethel nodded, his eyes unable to break contact with Sarssen's, though he tried hard to blink. "I want you to think deeply for me, boy - let your mind drift freely."
The dark eyes briefly clouded, then shone luminously and alive and in such a way that interested Jane very much indeed, and it made him considerably more curious about this tempkar. Bethel and Sarssen stayed with their eyes locked for some minutes, then the warrior gently touched the young forehead in a caress and watched placidly until he saw Bethel's eyes close. Sarssen stared down at him.
"Until later, boy," he murmured. He glanced at Jane. "If you believe in any gods, Jane, then pray to them for us this evening. We will need it." He continued after a pause. "The boy will wake again shortly and be quite tranquil. Keep him occupied. Bring him to the warlord's pavilion in an hour from now. And Jane, when I bring him back, he may be unconscious."
Jane gave Sarssen a long and speculative look that was met blandly.
"Oh, aye, my lord?" he said interrogatively.
"If," said Sarssen meditatively, "all goes well, it is best he is so."
He glanced down at Bethel again, before he turned and strode from the pavilion.
~~~
Bethel paused outside the warlord's pavilion, then hesitated on the threshold. Lodestok's eyes lit up at the sight of him and he was beckoned imperatively to enter.
"Come in, little flower. You see we have company this evening."
Bethel crossed the ground and bent his head respectfully, first to Sarssen and then to Jaden. The latter studied the tall youth furtively. The warlord merely pointed to the laden table that Sarssen had earlier prepared, aware, when he did this instead of Bethel, of the warlord's raised eyebrow, though nothing was said.
"To your duties, boy. We await your service."
"My lord," responded Bethel, ever the slave and automatic in deference to a barked order.
The warlord lounged back, watching the youth with interest, because he sensed no distress about his slave, just the usual submission that went with the boy's station. He would ponder that at his leisure. Bethel served each man in turn, then withdrew to his mat set away from the table, where he hunched himself and was ignored by those eating above him. He picked up the estibe and plucked a few notes, aware the warlord looked up from his food.
"Yes, boy, play for us," he was instructed. The warlord turned to Jaden. "You have not been nearby when the boy has played, have you?"
"No, my lord, I haven't."
"Well then, petal, play southern music to make Jaden feel at home."
Bethel plucked the strings and was immediately lost in melody. Sarssen listened appreciatively as he always did - he made no effort to look at Bethel, though he sensed Lodestok's approval and Jaden's curiosity. Bethel only stopped when he heard the warlord tell him to clear the table and pour wine. When Bethel had obeyed and went to retreat with a bow, the warlord nodded at him that he take food and drink, then retire.
The three men moved from the table to comfortable chairs, stretched and lazed back, aware of being replete and satisfied and their conversation didn't touch Bethel, who felt slightly despondent and vaguely apprehensive. He couldn't pin down what made him so. He sat cross-legged as was his wont, and, beginning to eat half-heartedly, realised he wasn't hungry, finally stopped bothering with his platter and merely pushed it to one side. He watched the men carefully, rising to fill goblets every so often before retreating to his mat. Clicks of the warlord's fingers told him he was to remain where he was. He picked up the estibe again and very quietly began to play, but for himself.
When he stopped, he suddenly realised how quiet the pavilion was. Sarssen studied the ground, but Jaden looked very impressed. The warlord had a faint smile in his bleak eyes.
"That was a singularly beautiful piece you played, flower," came the arctic voice. "What was it? I do not remember hearing it before."
Bethel went to put the estibe to one side, then changed his mind.
"It is by a northern composer called Keric, my lord. He wrote ballads. The music is written to be sung to." Lodestok swung one booted foot that was draped negligently over a chair arm.
"You will play it for us again later, flower," he said coolly.
"Yes, my lord." Lodestok turned his stare on the healer.
"Did you enjoy that, Jaden?"
"Yes, my lord," replied the healer, with genuine appreciation, looking very hard at Bethel. "Your slave has rare talent."
"Possibly," said the warlord carelessly, unaware how the dark head went down and stayed down. Lodestok's voice caught Bethel. "You now have something to do for me, petal, have you not?" Breathless, but not sure why he was, Bethel put the estibe to one side and rose. "Come to me, little flower!" He approached the warlord, who placed his huge hands on Bethel's shoulders in a way that forced the youth to his knees. A hand was transferred to Bethel's chin and when his head was tilted with the strong finger, he knew the unspoken command to respond. Purple eyes locked with pale blue. "Are you ready, petal?" Bethel licked his lips.
"Yes," he whispered. Lodestok saw, approvingly, that there was no defiance in the eyes, only anxiety and some bewilderment.
"I will not be involved, boy. Sarssen and I will watch to ensure you do not avoid the mind-meld. Be warned, flower. We will know and you will be most thoroughly punished. I think you understand me clearly, do you not?" Bethel still licked his lips, but faster. He didn't speak. The eyes holding his seemed to look through him. He felt he lost control of himself and what went on around him, as if he moved through a dream. He gave an inarticulate murmur. "You will open your mind to Jaden and follow exactly what he tells you to do. You will project the full force of your mind to your brother. I ask again, petal, do you quite understand?" As he spoke, Lodestok pulled Bethel to his feet. The words wrung from Bethel were barely a whisper.
"My lord."
Jaden took Bethel's hand and pulled the youth down in front of him on the deeply piled rug in the centre of the pavilion. Lodestok turned to pick up his goblet and then, when he turned back, he saw Sarssen slip in behind Jaden and raised an eyebrow.
"I can see clearly from here, my lord," explained Sarssen, easily and glibly. "The boy is quite visible." Lodestok nodded.
"Then I shall stand behind you, little flower," he said. He did exactly that. He placed a heavy and warning hand on Bethel's head. Sarssen noticed Bethel now gnawed on his lower lip and prayed Jaden would begin.
~~~
That evening, Kaleb declined to eat with company. He asked for food to be brought to his chamber where it remained, mostly untouched, because the healer had discovered his stomach was too taut for food. He preferred to be in solitude because his mind was preoccupied.
He retired to his bed where he felt comfortable and closed his eyes so he could adequately prepare for what lay ahead. He badly needed this respite if he was to function for Sarssen. He mused on the depths of restrained power in the Churchik warrior, power he knew he'd see in action very soon. He might have pitied Jaden had the man not been prepared to use a young Level Two in so cruel and destructive a way. His affection for Sarehl made his sympathy, for Jaden, if any, fade to a cold resolve to serve Sarssen to save Bethel. He wondered how a level as high as Jaden could've let his talents become so warped.
The one image Sarssen allowed him of the warlord filled Kaleb with repugnance and apprehension. Kaleb swung from that thought, to let his mind dwell instead on the youth he saw sleeping. In that boy there was none of Daxel's vitality, nor, at times, the graven but handsome features, nor Sarehl's authority and strikingly attractive face that was more than good-looking. The Samar brothers were very fine featured men.
What Kaleb saw in Bethel was gentle sensuality, almost delicate grace in the beauty of the face, and where his brothers had sculpted, almost chiselled features, Bethel's were girlishly aesthetic. Kaleb was sure the graceful elegance that characterised the brothers he knew, was also deeply a part of Bethel, and realised, with a jolt, Sarehl hadn't exaggerated his young brother's charms. Bethel was, indeed, a beautiful young man.
As a boy, Kaleb sadly reflected, Bethel had no chance once the warlord sighted him, the healer well able to imagine how soulful the large purple eyes would be. What staggered Kaleb, was that a boy could still be this way after so many cycles with someone like Lodestok. He gave a shudder when he thought of the boy in the power of the warlord and deliberately let his mind drift at will. Without being conscious of it, he slept.
~~~
Bethel felt Jaden's presence in his mind. The healer was surprised the boy didn't panic as another mind drifted through the young consciousness and forced the boy to channel his thoughts about Sarehl to one point. Jaden gathered those clear thoughts. He fully utilised Bethel's mind and Bethel was conscious he would lose control of who he was in a meld that held him in a firm grip. He was swept by Jaden out and beyond, many miles distant. Bethel only vaguely heard Jaden curtly instruct him and responded obediently, if mechanically. After the image of his brother was roughly taken from him, Bethel felt Jaden's awareness swell in and possess him, in a way it was wrong for reader/seekers to do.
Bethel had no time to think. His thoughts, as part of the being that was Jaden, were taken from him at ever-increasing velocity and with augmenting power. He forgot about his brother, while his and Jaden's energies flowed in and out of one another in a bewildering series of flurries and pulses, and in a way that led to the weaker essence becoming disoriented. Bethel dimly saw a pure and simple line of energy, that was Jaden as part of him, probe far into the distance. He only knew they, as one, touched someone else's mind, because he sensed that same mind held them in a powerful meld. Bethel lost all sense of self.
Kaleb woke abruptly to the knowledge he wasn't alone. He accepted Sarssen's mind in his, and, as he'd been trained to do, followed exactly what the warrior earlier instructed. His mind, now fully melded with Sarssen's, saw the line of energy, mostly in green but tinged with a pale and weak blue, come steadily towards them, seeking and probing. He knew Sarssen caught the coloured energies. The two merged minds, in green and blue, one hopelessly dominated by the other, flowed into Kaleb's and the warrior's combined consciousness. Kaleb felt the surge of Sarssen's power and was grateful he'd been warned of it. It was frankly terrifying.
Kaleb concentrated on the feebler blue pulse that flickered mercurially and grew fainter with each flurry of colour. Even as he felt his mind deliberately pushed free of Sarssen's, he sought the pulse. Kaleb had considerable difficulty trying to trace and gain a hold on the pulse, because it wavered and moved erratically even as it weakened. It was a young, untutored mind that began to unravel, the energy taken from it by Jaden leaving it too enervated and drained to help itself.
Bethel felt he'd ceased to be. It was as if his mind streamed, in a disordered pattern, into a distance he could neither comprehend nor control, nor, at that moment, did he care. Just as he sensed disintegration, he felt a sharp tug at his mind. His meld with Jaden snapped and he was flung free, only to feel another mind gently touch his, a call coming that seemed from a long way away. Kaleb quickly mentally encircled him. He pulled insistently.
The reeling and somersaulting, that was all Bethel could feel, steadied. He felt a gentle, persistent reassurance wrap itself around his mind and cradle him, as Kaleb eased the confused mind into forgetfulness. Bethel's mind finally responded, the boy slipping quietly and calmly into rest. Just as he slipped, his body reacted with a physical shock when both mind and body fused as one.
Kaleb remained in the boy's mind for as long as he needed to, then, when he felt the release, he withdrew. As he went, he had a brief awareness of the man who held Bethel throughout. Deeply shaken by the emotions he received from the warlord, Kaleb let his own awareness fully return. He didn't experience the lash of terrifying power that took Jaden, but his mind did experience some recoil. His hands to his head, he curled himself up into a ball of pain, but the pain retreated as fast as it came as he heard Sarssen's voice, calm and supportive, before his mind relaxed and he slept.
Jaden exulted in the power the mind-meld gave him. In his excitement and anticipation, he was blithely unaware he and Bethel melded with two minds, not one, nor did he know who they were. He thought the mind that touched his was the mind of the brother he sought. The full meld he became part of was powerful beyond anything Jaden had experienced, and, even as he began his work, he was awed. The very power of the mind that touched his should've warned him. He was, however, so preoccupied, he was unaware of any change in the meld, or that one mind left it. He was unconcerned about Bethel, because he was almost finished with what use he could make of such a young mind and intended to lose Bethel in the meld, this opportunity to dispose of the young one, once and for all, to be taken now.
He tried to control the ebb and flow of power, to shape it and then mould it to the purpose he wanted. At first he was successful, but he made a fundamental error one of his learning and status shouldn't have made - so engrossed was he in his weaving, he completely forgot to probe the mind meshed as one with his. It never occurred to the reader there could be any other person of power to compete with him, so he sensed no threat. He was careless.
The sudden throb of increased power caught him totally unaware. He sought the source of it and then, searching for the remaining strength he could drain from Bethel, found the boy's mind inexplicably missing from the meld. When he struggled to reorient his own mind, he found control gone.
The ebb and flow of power he'd struggled to shape was turned on him and, pulsing through and through him with increasing strength, spun back at him and lashed him with vicious, crippling force. Unavailingly, he tried to throw up blocks of resistance, but the energy that coursed through him fragmented, then splintered, his mind.
~~~
Sarehl watched Kaleb in growing alarm and anxiety. He'd come to the healer's chambers, concerned when Kaleb didn't dine with them. To his surprise he found Kaleb lying on the bed, his food mostly uneaten and the healer very still. Sarehl limped across to the bed, hand out and words forming on his lips. He stopped abruptly. Any speech died.
Kaleb lay rigid, his eyes staring wide; he breathed very rapidly as though he was feverish and the colourless eyes flickered every so often, very fast. His hands twitched and he was very pale. Sarehl, sitting quietly beside him and sensibly not touching him, thought the healer looked as though he was in the throes of a mild convulsion.
Sarehl didn't move. He kept his gaze on the eyes that seemed suddenly to quieten. The hands went still and some of the rigidity eased from the tensed body, then Sarehl jumped with fright when Kaleb curled himself into a ball, gasped and flung his hands to his head. When Sarehl went to help him, he saw the healer's hands fall, the body uncurl and the healer's eyes close. Kaleb's head fell naturally to one side, his colour returned and his breathing became normal.
Sarehl sat back, still monitoring him, but was relieved when he realised the healer slept very deeply. Sarehl pulled covers up and over his friend and then drew up a chair next to the bed. He waited.
Kaleb opened weary eyes to find Sarehl bent over him, his dark eyes alert and concerned. The healer felt too drained to remonstrate. He just lay still, his eyes never wavering from Sarehl's face.
"Dear friend," began Sarehl, "I know you can't and won't tell me what you've been doing, but for the gods, assure me you're not hurt." Kaleb grasped one of Sarehl's hands.
"I'm not hurt," he said in a slightly husky voice.
"Are you in any danger?"
"No, but I'm very tired," responded Kaleb. "It's probably the hardest thing I've done in my life." His eyes closed.
"I'll get you wine."
Kaleb opened his eyes again when Sarehl came back to the bed, hauled himself up on the cushions and smiled up at his friend when he took the goblet and drank deeply. He made no effort to speak and Sarehl didn't ask him to. They sat in companionable silence, Sarehl rising every so often to fill the goblets.
Finally, Kaleb asked quietly, "Why are you here?" Sarehl turned his head to look down affectionately at the healer.
"I was naturally worried when you didn't dine with us. I came as soon after eating as I could to see if you were ill." Kaleb sighed.
"How long were you here?"
"Long enough to watch while your mind was busy elsewhere."
"I see," was Kaleb's comment. "You could've left, you know."
"No," replied Sarehl calmly, the smile warming his eyes again. "I couldn't leave you vulnerable, my friend, anymore than you could leave one of us."
"Oh, aye," mumbled Kaleb, pulling himself higher on the cushions. "You won't ask me to explain, I beg of you."
"I won't," promised Sarehl, "though I'd dearly love to." He got a responsive smile from Kaleb at that, but the healer just shook his head reprovingly.
"You have an insatiably curious mind, don't you?" he observed.
"The unusual appeals to me certainly," admitted Sarehl, "but I know you have reasons for what you do. It isn't for me to question any action you may take."
"What a good fellow you're becoming," mocked the healer gently.
"You taught me that," was the quiet retort. Kaleb looked into the laughing eyes and his own lit up with amusement.
"Hard for you, was it?" he teased. Sarehl raised mock fists at him.
~~~
Lodestok stood behind Bethel, both hands holding the boy in a steely grip, his eyes fixed to Jaden with intense interest. He'd no reason to notice Sarssen who stood behind the healer in an attitude of rigidity, his face a mask of concentration. The warlord's eyes flickered from Bethel to Jaden and back again. He felt the boy's body shudder and experienced the tremors that shook Bethel. Lodestok transferred his gaze back to Jaden. He saw how wide and distant the healer's eyes were.
He knew the two minds melded when he felt the flinch under his hands, his grip on Bethel tightening when the boy moaned. Once he yanked up the young head and turned it, to look at his slave with displeasure and distaste when he heard a soft cry, before he let the dark head fall forward again. Later, he felt the sharp jolt, like a shock, that left Bethel limp, and instantly removed his hands from the young shoulders. When he did, Bethel crumpled unresisting to the ground. A sigh was sucked out of him as he collapsed.
The warlord concentrated on Jaden. A smile of triumph came to his mouth when he saw the reader's now closed eyes snap open with an arrested look. It lasted for only a few moments. It was swallowed by a look of sheer terror and agony.
Jaden's pupils dilated. He flung his hands to his head with such an awful and agonised scream that Lodestok recoiled, stumbled over Bethel's body, and swore vilely as he went. He watched in fascination as Jaden's body twisted, his mouth open and his head flung back. No sound came from the healer's throat as his body shook and he struggled to speak, then Jaden swayed, his head fell forward and his eyes were inanimate. His arms hung limply at his sides. Sarssen fell back with a sharp indrawn breath, a brief tremor shook him, then he regained his poise, but his eyes stayed unutterably bleak.
The warlord's fury exploded. He strode to the healer. He shook him with violent rage, his hand repeatedly coming down and across the white face. Jaden just hung in the huge paws. When released, he fell to the ground not far from Bethel. Sarssen had already left, calling urgently for a healer.
When he re-entered the pavilion, he saw the warlord on his knees beside the reader, the look he cast up at Sarssen awful in its anger.
"What went wrong?" he snarled. "Did you see?"
Sarssen was beside Bethel, his hand carefully checking for a pulse and, finding one, he straightened immediately.
"It seemed a success, my lord," he answered tactfully.
"This one's alive," growled Lodestok, getting to his feet. "He will have some explaining to do." He didn't see Sarssen's face at that moment. "Where did you go?"
"For a healer, my lord."
Lodestok trod over to Bethel and prodded the prone figure with a boot, his angry gaze a clear warning to Sarssen or whoever else was unlucky enough to be near.
"The boy. Is he alive?" he grunted. "I would not like to gratuitously lose him, though if he failed me he will wish he was dead."
"I think he is alive, my lord."
"He did as he was told, I suppose," was the barked comment.
"He certainly mind-melded, my lord. I could see that clearly."
"He is no damned use to me tonight though, is he?"
The warlord flung himself onto the bed, his teeth gritted and his brow furrowed with thwarted passion. Sarssen sensibly filled two goblets and stood quietly, his eyes going from Bethel to Jaden, then, with the faintest of sighs, he crossed the pavilion and offered a goblet to the warlord. Lodestok's hand shot out and grasped Sarssen's wrist.
"Sit!" he ordered, the ice back in his voice.
With a weariness he didn't show, and a recognition of what was to come in all its ferocity, Sarssen sat. The warlord hauled himself up on the cushions, put his goblet on the small table by the bed and nodded to the warrior to do likewise. His hands fumbled with the long blond queue. Sarssen didn't move, well aware the warlord could draw a knife in seconds, and, soon, as was his wont in uncontrollable fury, probably would. His hair tumbled free. Lodestok then picked up his goblet and lay back, staring venomously at the two figures on the ground.
"If I cannot have the boy, Sarssen, you will entertain me this evening."
"Yes, my lord," Sarssen said in a neutral voice. His resigned glance took in the discarded estibe. Brooding silence fell over the pavilion. Sarssen began to breathe very slowly and deeply.
When a healer appeared at the pavilion entrance Sarssen went to rise, but the grip back on his wrist painfully tightened. He put the goblet he'd just picked up back on the table as he felt himself pushed backwards, closed his eyes and tried to prepare himself for what was to come. He wasn't sure he'd survive the violent fury that would explode in physical violence very soon, because he was weakened by what had just passed. The warlord let go his wrist. He lay passive. He continued to breathe very deeply and went through what Morsh taught him cycles before. The warlord looked down at him. Then he spoke between clenched teeth.
"Deal with them," he snarled at the healer, in a voice of scarcely mitigated savagery. "Take the boy to -." Lodestok's eyes glinted down at the warrior lying quietly beside him. "Leave him in Sarssen's pavilion. The tempkar will not use it tonight." He watched the green eyes slowly open and the flicker of a grim smile touched the warlord's face when he saw instant comprehension in those fine eyes. "Take the reader wherever you like. Now," he added, so gently that Sarssen closed his eyes again, "get out with them!"
Lodestok didn't wait for the healer to remove the boy and Jaden, before he turned his attention to the tempkar, his pent-up wrath and relentless passion terrifyingly unleashed. The healer saw the knife flash before he turned to cope with the limp forms on the ground.
~~~
Jane paced up and down Sarssen's pavilion, unable to rest, his anxiety so acute he felt ill. He looked up at every sound, half-expecting to see Sarssen, with Bethel, come through the entrance. He was gravely concerned, therefore, when a slight figure appeared at the entrance, a tall burden draped in his arms.
Startled, Jane strode forward, grasping a lantern from the table as he went. He held the light high so it cast its light over a pallid and shaking man. Jane barely noticed him. He looked at the limp figure in the man's arms, set down the lantern and abruptly relieved the healer of Bethel, carefully carrying the youth over to the bed and drawing furs round the slight form.
"Do you bring the light," he snapped unceremoniously. The healer hastily complied, setting the lantern on the table with a shaking hand. "Is he alive?" Jane shot at him.
"Yes, he's alive," the healer whispered, "but he's unconscious. I've done all I can, but I can't rouse him. Ah, the gods!" He sank to his knees.
Jane ignored him. He made sure Bethel lay comfortably by gently resting the boy's head more easily among the cushions, looked intently at the unconscious face, and some of his distress abated. Certainly Bethel was pale, but his skin wasn't waxy white, the young face was drawn, but the mouth was quite relaxed and Bethel seemed more in a very deep, restorative sleep rather than in a coma. Jane stroked the dark hair back from the forehead, then shifted the lantern so not too much light fell on the sleeping figure.
He turned and looked down at the healer still crouched on his knees. He put a hand down to help the man to his feet.
"Who are you?" he asked quietly.
"Xori, a healer," came the shaken reply. "May I sit?"
Jane nodded. He looked at the healer curiously. When Xori sat weakly and closed his eyes, Jane shrugged and crossed the pavilion to pour two goblets of wine. He needed a restorative himself.
"Here," he said calmly, returning to the healer and holding out a goblet. "Drink this." The healer opened his eyes and looked up surprised, gratefully took the goblet and gulped at the wine. "Can you tell me what's happened?" A shudder shook the healer and he gulped more wine. His attempt at speech was a croak. Jane rose and refilled the man's goblet. "In your own time, man," he said quietly. Xori brushed a hand across his eyes. After a few moments, he spoke.
"I didn't see what happened, though the warrior told me a reading and seeking went badly wrong. I went to the pavilion with him." Another shudder took Xori, so badly, the wine splashed from his goblet, but he didn't notice. Jane saw how sick the man looked. "The boy," Xori nodded at the bed, "was in a crumpled heap on the ground and so was the senior reader Jaden. I thought they were both dead."
"The boy isn't," was Jane's soothing reply. "What about the reader?"
"Oh, he's alive - in a manner of speaking." Another tremor caught Xori, while Jane waited patiently. "I got him conscious, but his mind's gone. He's babbling like a child."
"And Tempkar Sarssen? What's happened to him?" The healer went such a ghastly colour Jane felt a momentary surge of panic.
"Gods," moaned the healer, almost dropping the goblet.
"Tell me!" growled Jane, anxiety making his voice sharp. The healer breathed deeply.
"The warlord - savage, that's the only word for it," he gasped, tears in his eyes. "I had to listen while I was trying to get the boy and the healer away, but I couldn't -." Xori's voice became suspended.
Jane felt nauseous. He glanced over at Bethel and thought how much the young man owed the large Churchik warrior who befriended him. He got to his feet.
"That's enough," he said firmly, his voice not quite steady. "Finish your wine and go and attend to the reader. I'll care for the boy."
Instinctively, the healer drained the goblet and handed it to Jane as he left the pavilion. Jane crossed to the bed and sat staring down at Bethel, the sorrow he felt for him mixed with grief and pity for the warrior. He spent the next hours prowling restlessly and with increasing distress. He not only felt huge respect for the large tempkar, but also considerable affection that deepened over the cycles. Despair touched him when he thought, maybe, this time, the warlord may have irreparably hurt Sarssen. Jane began to shake. He continued to walk, his hands kneading together.


CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

In the early hours of the morning, Jane looked up at a slight movement at the pavilion entrance. He was instantly on his feet, his eyes very wary and his pulse racing uncomfortably. He desperately hoped it was the warrior.
"My lord?" he asked softly.
He didn't get an answer. When the tall figure limped slowly towards him, he moved cautiously forward, quickly turning back for the lantern and swinging it so it lit the man who moved hesitantly towards him. He barely recognised Sarssen. With a cry, Jane placed the lantern on the ground and strode forward so he could guide the big man to the nearest chair. He pushed the warrior into it, desperately holding a full goblet to Sarssen's mouth.
He saw then how battered the warrior was - Sarssen's lips bled, his left cheek had a nasty cut across it and the green eyes were dry and expressionless. The long blond hair fell across his shoulders, the tousled locks also on his chest in limp ringlets, both chest and shoulders had bleeding cuts, some even deeper gashes, and unbelted breeches were torn and blood flecked. The warrior was barefoot.
Jane held the goblet closer, saying urgently, "Drink, my lord, I beg of you."
Sarssen took the goblet with an unsteady hand. He winced when he tried to sip. He closed his eyes and stayed motionless, while Jane dragged extra furs from the bed, placed cushions to support Sarssen's head and then wrapped furs round the motionless man from his shoulders to his feet. He looked thoughtfully at the warrior, pulled out a small phial from his breeches pocket and, leaning forward, deliberately dripped some of the contents into Sarssen's wine.
"Drink, my lord," he urged.
Sarssen raised the goblet again, his eyes still closed. Jane gently alternately coaxed and bullied him to finish the wine, then quietly removed the goblet and drew the furs fully round the still man to keep out any creeping chill. He crouched and waited. He noticed colour seeped back into white cheeks, and, satisfied, went to another chair and watched, a goblet to his mouth.
Sarssen didn't move for over an hour. Jane suspected the warrior totally withdrew over that time: he kept still and quiet until he saw Sarssen's eyes open, alert and very cautious.
"Jane?" he asked huskily.
"Here."
"The boy?"
"Unconscious, but very much alive."
"Jaden?"
"Conscious, but described as babbling."
"Have you given me quineth?"
"No, my lord."
"What then?" Sarssen's voice was a cracked whisper.
"Angwort. I got some for just such an occasion as this. It removes exhaustion and pain for a while, but leaves one quite capable."
"Ah," came the response.
"Is it helping?"
"Yes."
"What else can I do for you, lad?" asked Jane. He came across and knelt beside the warrior, concern in his eyes. Sarssen's eyes showed instant surprise.
"Lad?" he croaked. Jane started to laugh.
"With your hair loose you look very like a young lad to me, my lord," he replied.
He saw a slight smile touch the green eyes before they closed again. Since Sarssen seemed to be going to sleep, Jane pulled over a spare fur, curled up in another chair and went to sleep as well.
He woke with a fright when he heard an impatient stride across the pavilion four hours later. A quick look to left and right assured him Bethel was still on the bed and Sarssen in the chair. Shaking off his disorientation, Jane quickly rose, head respectfully bowed, the man confronted by a hawk-faced warrior who tapped his horsewhip on one boot.
"Who the devil are you?" demanded the warrior.
"I am the young warrior's man, my lord," Jane answered, a wary eye on the whip.
"What has been going on here?" Jane went to speak, but a voice behind him made him stop.
"My lord."
Jane and Bensar turned in unison. Sarssen was on his feet, head bent as junior warrior to a senior. Bensar stared at the tall, half-naked figure. In better light, cuts all about the torso were clear.
"Explain your absence from the field, Tempkar." Jane would've remonstrated, but something told him not to.
"I have recently come from the warlord's pavilion, my lord. I had no time to ready myself."
Bensar strode over to Sarssen, his hand going ungently under the younger man's chin. His eyes narrowed when he took in the bloodied lips, the cut cheek and bruising already evident, and the slashes that went across the upper body.
"He savaged you, boy, did he not? Why you and not the other?" Sarssen gestured with his hand to the bed.
"The other is unconscious, my lord." Bensar cast a cursory glance at the prostrate figure, then turned back to study Sarssen.
"You are very badly knocked about, boy," he observed. "Can you walk?"
"Barely, my lord."
"You will be no use on a horse then, will you?"
"No, my lord." Bensar let go Sarssen's chin and turned on Jane.
"Get him a healer, fool," he snarled, lifting his whip suggestively. "Why did he turn on you so brutally, boy? How did you so anger him? It is long since I have seen you in such a bad way. This is quite unexpected." He pushed Sarssen back to the chair and looked thoughtfully down at him.
"A reading and seeking went wrong, my lord. The boy suffered and so did Jaden. I just happened to be there."
"Unwise of you," commented Bensar, a malicious grin crossing his harsh features.
"Very, my lord," agreed Sarssen.
"Do you need assistance other than from a healer, boy?"
"No, my lord." Bensar nodded.
"You are excused duty. I do not expect to see you today. Get yourself properly attended to. Report to me when you can, boy." That was as sympathetic as Bensar ever became, but Sarssen gratefully acknowledged that. Bensar didn't need to elaborate and Sarssen knew it.
"Yes, my lord."
Bensar looked a little longer at him, then left the pavilion.
Wearily, the warrior dragged himself across to the bed, where he sat carefully and gingerly, to stare down at the slumbering youth. He spoke in a very low voice.
"I am surprised I survived whole, child." He put his hands briefly to Bethel's forehead and closed his eyes. "Wake soon, boy."
With those words, the warrior dragged himself back to his chair and sank into it, teeth hard clenched.
~~~
Bethel gave a sigh and turned uncomfortably. His mouth was dry. He opened eyes that looked straight up into Jane's before his glance flickered next to Sarssen, who, Bethel thought, looked extremely battered and remote. Jane smiled, but Bethel's eyes fixed on the deep cut on the warrior's face.
"Get up, boy," Sarssen was saying.
Inured to instant obedience, Bethel struggled up onto his elbows, aware he felt both giddy and hungry. Jane helped him from the bed and handed the youth his boots. When Bethel had pulled them on, he looked back at the warrior.
"My lord?" he asked.
"Yes, boy?" Bethel swallowed nervously.
"My lord, you are very badly hurt."
Sarssen walked with a halting limp to the far table. He made no comment. Bethel got rather shakily to his feet and walked over to him, to be handed a wineskin.
"Find another goblet," he was instructed. "All these seem to be used."
When Bethel stooped and began to rummage around, Jane quietly withdrew. Bethel straightened with a goblet that he quickly filled. Sarssen studied the young face.
"What do you remember about last night, boy?" he asked abruptly. Bethel started, the goblet part way to his mouth. His eyes were wide.
"Very little, my lord. I mind-linked with Jaden, I think."
"I see." Sarssen lounged to a chair and sank into it.
"Why, my lord?"
"The reading and seeking went wrong. The warlord was very angry when it was unsuccessful. He turned first on you, then on me."
"My lord." Bethel looked and sounded distressed. "You are so badly hurt."
"Better one than both of us, boy," Sarssen responded coolly. He kept his gaze on Bethel. "Look at me, boy," he instructed.
Obediently, Bethel did. He realised, when he blinked rapidly, he really remembered very little of the night before and had to concentrate on what the warrior opposite was saying.
"Finish your wine and return to your men, boy. It is unlikely the army will move today or tomorrow. Jane will be wondering where you are."
"Yes, my lord." Bethel placed the goblet on the ground and rose.
"I shall see you later. Make time to do so, boy."
"Yes, my lord," repeated Bethel, moving to the pavilion entrance.
~~~
Lodestok strode into the mess nearest the pavilions, his eyes challenging and threatening. Even his stand was uncompromising. His eyes scanned the benches. They came to light on Bethel, who sat quietly and consumed from a platter heaped with food. Since the warlord signalled the men to remain seated when he entered, and Bethel rarely lifted his head among the warriors, he was unaware of his master's presence. He therefore got a fright when he heard the icy voice directly above him. Hastily scrambling to his feet, he dropped his food and coughed on a crumb.
"I see you are recovered, boy."
"My lord."
"I should be grateful for that, I suppose." Bethel made no reply. Clearly, one wasn't expected. "You will be with me this evening as usual."
"Yes, my lord."
"Then sit and eat."
A strong hand on his shoulder pushed Bethel roughly onto the seat. Bethel's appetite vanished. He stared morosely at his food then began slowly to eat again. Lodestok strode further along the benches until he came to Bensar, sat beside the haskar, and called irritably for a tankard. While he waited, he stared unamiably at his second. Bensar prudently said nothing, aware of the brooding look in the pale eyes and the repressed violence in the warlord's demeanour. With a snarl, Lodestok took the tankard offered and drank deeply.
"Where is Sarssen?"
"He was to be treated by a healer when I last saw him, my lord," was Bensar's indifferent response. The warlord looked hard at Bensar.
"He is still my slave. What are you saying?" he asked softly.
"Nothing, my lord. That is the last I saw of him, early this morning."
"Why was he not out on the fields?"
"He was unable to be, my lord."
"How badly have I hurt him?"
"He is quite badly knocked about, my lord." Lodestok drank deeply again.
"I only remember being enraged. More fool him to be in my way." The grin was back on Bensar's face.
"So I told him, my lord." Lodestok saw it and a responsive smile lit the cold eyes.
"You understand me very well, do you not, Bensar?"
"I try, my lord."
When Lodestok lifted his tankard, he saw Bensar glance casually at someone entering the mess and also looked up, to see Sarssen. The smile died. The blond hair was still loose about the younger warrior's shoulders and chest, but the face, despite careful treatment, was bruised, swollen and sore. All could see torn lips, a very deep facial cut across the left cheek, body slashes, even a fine cut on the throat. The mauling, warriors knew, would be over the man's entire body. Every warrior in the mess took in Sarssen's horrid appearance and knew what caused it, so when the tempkar came forward with a slight limp, all heads tactfully went down. Conversation died. There was an unbearable silence.
When he received a tankard from a slave, Sarssen went to a bench where other warriors squeezed up to give him room. He hadn't seen the warlord and sat, his expression unreadable, whilst he sipped at the badran. He licked his lips after each mouthful. He didn't see the warlord approach either, until Lodestok was only a few feet away. He went to rise, but Lodestok's hand kept him still.
"Look up," commanded the cool voice. Sarssen raised his head and saw how the warlord studied his face. "Have you had that face attended to?"
"Yes, my lord."
"You look an utter mess."
"My lord."
"Follow me. Bring your tankard."
Lodestok strode from the mess, the warrior limping behind him. They left considerable comment and speculation behind them that Bethel tried hard to ignore. He studiously kept his head down and ate.
Outside, Lodestok turned to Sarssen standing immediately behind him, the warlord's look appraising.
"I did that to you?" Sarssen stood still, head bowed. He was silent. "Answer me!"
"Yes, my lord." Sarssen turned his head away to one side.
"Have you seen Jaden?"
"No, my lord."
"You did not deserve this, did you?" Sarssen didn't answer. Lodestok said roughly, "Look at me." As he'd always done, Sarssen obeyed immediately. "You have always been loyal, Sarssen, and never complained. I would rather you had not suffered in this way. It is most regrettable. You will return to the healer until you are fully well." The warlord put a hand to the undamaged cheek. "Do not stand willingly in front of me when I am so blindly enraged, boy. Learn to move more quickly when you see the opportunity." He stroked his hand down from the eye to the jaw-line.
"My lord."
"The boy was spared this. I repeat, I would rather you were too. Go, take your tankard. If you see Jaden, bring him to me."
"Certainly, my lord."
Lodestok turned and strode towards his pavilion. Sarssen stood watching the retreating figure for a long time before he turned and went back to the mess.
~~~
When Sarssen brought Jaden to the warlord that evening, he found Lodestok lounged in the chair in his usual casual pose, his eyes lifting from the contemplation of Bethel who sat cross-legged on his mat with the estibe in his lap. Sarssen paused on the threshold until he received a signal from the warlord. He then advanced into the pavilion, Jaden clinging to his hand.
The warlord swung his booted foot to the ground, a move that made Bethel look up, both enquiring and decidedly apprehensive. When he saw the warrior with Jaden he stopped playing, tactfully rose from the rug and backed hurriedly towards the other side of the pavilion where he went into a crouch, his estibe firmly clutched in his arms. From there, he watched the warlord stride across to Jaden, then stop, his eyes registering surprise.
"Why are you holding his hand?" he demanded of Sarssen.
"He is holding mine, my lord," explained the warrior.
"What is wrong with him?"
When the warlord gripped the healer's shoulders and shook him hard, he got absolutely no response. Jaden bounced around like a small puppet. There was no flinch - nothing. Lodestok lifted the healer's head and drew in his breath sharply at the sight of the blank eyes, the warlord unable to see any recognisable sign of intelligence in either face or eyes. He let the healer's head drop.
"Is it curable?"
"No, my lord. His brain is permanently impaired." Bethel thought the warrior's voice was sad. He, too, felt that, despite what Jaden tried to do to him, as the healer now was he made a pitiful sight for a man of such talent and intelligence.
"His mind has completely gone?"
"It seems so, my lord. Time will tell." Lodestok turned and flung himself back in his chair.
"Then he is of no further use to us, is he?"
"My lord."
"Enslave him properly then," came the callous comment. "I never had readers branded, the gods alone know why. Brand him and do as you will with him."
"I shall keep him, my lord," said Sarssen, looking at the drooping form with the bowed head. Lodestok gave an amused grin.
"If it affords you amusement, boy, by all means." He yawned. "We have no other reader of his standing now, have we?" The grin faded, to be replaced by an irritated scowl. Sarssen tactfully retreated, the healer's hand firmly clasped in his.
"No, my lord, "he agreed.
"Take him away," murmured the warlord, staring with distaste at Jaden. "I do not wish to sight him again. You, flower, get back on your mat. I did not tell you to either move or stop playing. Do you, too, need a thorough lesson in obedience?"
Bethel slunk back to the mat, his head well down and fingers at the strings in a moment.
~~~
Bethel's routine went back to what it was, every day the same. He greeted the norm with relief because the warlord's manner was brooding and unforgiving. He never uttered a word of reproach about Sarehl, but Bethel knew the anger festered and more often than not touched Lodestok's dealings with him. The warlord became like ice and utterly unapproachable, his temper highly uncertain and volatile. He didn't encourage Bethel to play as often either, nor did music pacify him as it did. Their evenings were frequently spent in cold silence. His times with Lodestok became a test of Bethel's fortitude - he obeyed his master without hesitation, in all things, and he didn't put a foot wrong.
The chill worsened until Bethel shivered miserably the whole time the army marched, his cloak pulled round him and his hood up for protection against howling and freezing winds. Where Lodestok chatted with Bethel whilst they rode, now he rode in silence, his harsh gaze settled grimly on the landscape. Where he once smiled, his gimlet eyes briefly responsive, now he was emotionless, his eyes calculating chips of ice. When they lighted on Bethel, the youth sweated even as he froze. The ice in the warlord's eyes was reflected in the ice that began to settle round them each night they camped.
They left Lake Imaq behind and moved steadily westward, the warlord well aware winter would halt them. He was determined the northern army wouldn't have all the advantage of position. He drove the southerners very hard. The ground became impossibly difficult to cover and ice slowed them considerably. Supply lines were over-extended. The expected supplies were delayed and thereby caused hardship among the ordinary men. Again Bethel retreated to his men and his friends.
When autumn turned into winter, the warlord had to halt his army at the Bay of Coldth, aptly named thought Bethel, on a shiver. The winter storms now made progress impossible and Lodestok knew very soon snow would blanket the land for a very long time. The landscape here in this part of the north was harsh and the winter climate appalling.
He awaited supply caravans with impatience, well aware they'd soon stop altogether. When the caravans did arrive he was irritated by how few slaves there were, but was content all but Kher, of his senior warriors, had now reached him. Bethel was curtly dismissed during the day and was glad to leave the pavilion. The warlord didn't wish to be disturbed.
Bethel's heart lightened with his dismissal and he went to those with whom he felt most at ease. The weather became worse as the days progressed, Bethel unable to get warm at any time of the day and shivering constantly despite Jane's efforts to warmly clothe him. He was so very tall and thin, he had no fat to come and go on.
The rain sleeted down, day after day, without pause. The skies stayed leaden. Icy winds bit through the warriors while they were unmercifully drilled. For hours at a time they were taken through their routines, as if the haskars didn't notice the appalling conditions, and the whip flailed with monotonous regularity while blue fingers gripped weapons and reins. Bethel shook with the penetrating cold. The chill touched every part of him. Alone sometimes he actually cried with the ice that seemed to congeal in his marrow. It made him ache unbearably.
While men struggled to carry out their disciplines, illness and injury began to take their toll, as did diseases become rife among the slaves. The sicknesses spilled over to the army itself. The slaves' conditions were atrocious, their food scarce and their immunity so low as to be non-existent. Bethel tracked some people he'd known in Ortok among the general slaves, and, over cycles tried to get them extra food or shelter. His efforts may have been limited, through necessity, but they were greeted with gratitude. Bethel saw the men become weaker and frailer each time he went to them, and guessed, with a very heavy heart, they'd not survive a harsh season, even though he managed to get them warmer clothing. With the progress of winter, the mortality rate among the slaves soared. Bethel knew he'd be a casualty by now had the warlord not taken him. Everyone suffered, but it was a matter of degree, the talk among the men mutinous and sullen.
Bethel's men were well cared for and, compared with others, wanted for very little. They were adequately fed and provisioned and yearned only for better weather. Bethel was prompt to call a healer should one of his men sicken and was willing to spend time among them, listening and responding. Kel sat back on these occasions watching the quiet youth, a hint of a smile in his harsh eyes and more than just a little respect.
Since the warlord didn't seem to notice much about Bethel other than at night, Bethel began to take his estibe with him in the mornings, so he could practise by playing for the men. The mercenaries may have been tough and ruthless men, but they lost their hearts to the young Samar who sat among them, hair shrouding his face and long slender fingers making music that could bring tears to the most hardened of men.
Since the night the warlord tried to contain Sarehl, Jane saw a change in Bethel. It wasn't dramatic. It came, he thought, from a sense of relief Bethel had. For once, the warlord's use of his boy slave failed and Bethel, through the protection of Sarssen, succeeded for the first time, in seven cycles, in preventing Lodestok from hurting and using him. There was, too, the relief that came from knowing Jaden, who actively conspired against him, was no longer a threat. The latest experience matured Bethel, but with that went new self-assurance. Bethel seemed happier within himself. Jane didn't reason it any further - he just saw the signs and that delighted him.
Luth noticed a subtle change in his tall friend. He commented on this one morning when he was discovered by Bethel trying to dry a ten week old pup. Bethel walked into Luth's unsel, unannounced, to find the blond warrior trying to hold the wriggling pup still while he tried to dry sodden fur. It was an impossible task. Bethel shook the sleet from his head and slumped down on the mattress next to Luth so he could hold the front paws while Luth dried the pup's rear end.
"You seem more contented these days, Beth," Luth observed, indicating that Bethel should now hold the back paws. Bethel looked down at the fluffy pup and absently stroked the damp ears with one hand whilst holding the pup immobile with the other.
"Do I?" he sighed. "I prefer being in camp to being on that slow freezing walk even if we are drilled without respite."
"What has changed, Beth?"
"I do not know," said Bethel, a hand up to the short but silky black beard that now grew rapidly. "I am not aware of any change, Luth, though I do not get as tight in the stomach these days. Or," he amended, "not as often."
"You seem calmer and more in harmony with yourself," was Luth's comment. He rubbed the fur beneath his hand vigorously. "There is a peace about your face that is new." Bethel shrugged.
"I am become resigned to where I am, I suppose," he murmured.
"As a slave or as a warrior?"
"Both, I guess. I know my life will not change, however much I may wish it. I will always be the warlord's slave and his attitude to me will not alter. I have faced that. I am also now coming to terms with the knowledge that I am a warrior within your society and must succeed as one, or I will not survive. That is what my life is about, Luth - survival. I have no choices as you do. That is something that hurts; that I have no freedom to be what I want."
"What is that, Beth?"
"A musician, Luth. That is all I ever wished to be."
"I think," mused Luth, glancing briefly at Bethel, "that being a slave in our society is very hard. Your life, Beth, is such that it has made me think and have serious doubts about what we do. What we have done to you is wrong, I know that, but there is nothing I can do about it. If I could see you free, Beth, believe me when I say it would give me joy." Bethel touched his friend's hand.
"Yes, Luth, I know that, but you must not say such things. They could get you into trouble and that would grieve me."
"I am your friend, Beth." Luth stared across at Bethel. "Whatever happens in the times to come, Beth, remember that and hold to it." Bethel swallowed and shivered. His grip on Luth's hand was convulsive.
"Likewise, Luth," he whispered.
There was a long silence while each young man thought, then Luth observed thoughtfully, "You know, Beth, the warlord has not raised you and the tempkar just as ordinary warriors, has he?" Bethel looked across at his friend in surprise.
"What do you mean?"
"Well, both of you have been very widely taught, and I think I am right when I say I heard Efaron, one day, comment rather sourly that the tempkar was immersed in philosophy and antiquity well beyond his status as slave and junior warrior. And you have been immersed in an ancient southern bardic tradition, have you not? To the point where you are Caeom?" Bethel played meditatively with a curl.
"I guess," he agreed. "Why?"
"Who knows?" laughed Luth. "But I think you are both unusual in many ways." He got up and stooping, got tankards that he filled to the brims. Bethel gratefully took one. "Is the warlord still harsh and remote?" asked Luth, changing the subject. Bethel nodded. "None of the older warriors have seen him like this in many cycles. We all saw Tempkar Sarssen too." He saw Bethel's expression and grimaced.
"The tempkar was badly hurt, Luth." Bethel moistened his lips. "I believe he took that for me."
"I think so too, Beth," agreed his friend, "but I heard," continued Luth with a sudden chuckle, "that even Bensar treads warily these days."
"We all do," replied Bethel, as the dog snuggled up close to him. "He seems to spend all his day with the senior warriors. I am sent away."
"Preparing for a spring campaign, do you think, Beth?" Bethel sipped appreciatively.
"I think there will be a battle soon, Luth, yes."
"Good," said Luth decidedly, lounging back on his elbows. "I grow bored of eternal manoeuvres. I hope to do battle soon." Bethel felt another shiver of premonition and made no answer. Instead, he just stroked the pup. Luth watched him in some amusement. "Take him, Beth. I have only just rescued him. You keep him."
Bethel looked up, surprised, then glanced down at the trusting bundle next to him. He smiled.
"Very well, I will. I will call him Lute." Luth looked hard at him.
"What does Lute mean, Beth?" Bethel's laugh deepened.
"It is not an Ortokian insult," he assured Luth on a gurgle. "It is the name of the stringed instrument I used to play at home. I miss it, so Lute here will keep it in my mind."
While the pup dozed, the two young warriors discoursed amiably until Bethel was recalled to the time and had to leave, the pup carried protectively with its big furry paws flopped over his arms.
~~~
Lute became an important part of Bethel's life, though Jane, resignedly, had most to do with him. When the pup arrived, Jane and Mishak exchanged glances but nothing was said, while Kel, when he heard about it, gave a broad grin. Jane commented on the pup to Sarssen and got an answer that made him thoughtful and rather sad.
"The pup brings out the trusting boy almost destroyed," the warrior said calmly. "Lute does not threaten Beth and so Beth feels he can open to the dog. Jane, deep inside Beth is too hurt and frightened to fully trust another, other than those very close to him like yourself, because he is afraid of the response. To survive he had to learn abnormal and rigid control, and had to sublimate who he really is. He is by nature impulsive, tactile, emotional and loving. He finds little of that around him.
What has been meted out to him for cycles has been devastating and made him withdraw. What you see, with the dog, is the real Beth as we might have known him. It gives me pleasure to see the lightness in his eyes. With Lute, Beth is happy, Jane."
"Aye," mumbled Jane, brushing at a tear that trickled down a seamed cheek. Sarssen looked down.
"Jane," he said gently. "Beth loves you, but you must understand what the warlord has done to him." Jane nodded and turned away.
When Bethel went to his men, Lute trotted along beside him. When Bethel catnapped in his own unsel, Lute curled up next to him and gave the young man additional warmth. Upon Bethel arriving back in the mornings, the pup was frenzied, squeaked and whimpered then tore round and round ecstatically, anything he could find to play with hanging from his mouth.
Jane watched the dog and youth play, Bethel's laughter delighted and boyishly infectious as he watched the pup's ridiculous antics. He didn't even seem to notice the cold in the same way, willingly going outside in the sleet or snow to gambol with Lute, the young man's eyes bright. The pup tore round in the elements, chasing anything he could find or that Bethel threw for him. Bethel laughed helplessly as Lute chased his tail until the dog fell sideways he was so dizzy.
Bethel and dog rushed back into the unsel and collapsed, Lute panting, his dirty paw prints all over the mattresses. Bethel didn't care and Jane never commented either. As the days passed, Bethel and Lute's bond strengthened. Jane was surprised Lute knew never to go near warriors and merely growled quietly in his throat if he ever saw the warlord in the distance.
~~~
Winter crept on slowly. Mid-winter settled inexorably on the land. Ice hung from everything, inside and out. The cold penetrated everywhere. A new wave of sickness swept the camp. Bethel caught a severe head cold which meant he spent a few miserable days struggling to breathe and was sharply reprimanded by Bensar for a fault in a drill. His eyes streamed and he developed a hacking cough the warlord tolerated for one night. On the second evening, Lodestok strode across to Bethel, roughly tilted his head, and stared down at the pale face, his eyes hard as flint.
"Have you seen a healer, boy?" came curtly. With runny eyes, Bethel sniffed and shook his head.
"No, my lord," came thickly.
The warlord let Bethel's head fall. He stalked to the pavilion entrance, disappeared, then returned with a healer at his heels. Lodestok indicated Bethel. He crossed the pavilion, sat and poured himself more wine. The healer went to Bethel curled up on a mat, and, as usual, also shivered. His food sat on a platter beside him untouched.
"You're not hungry?" asked the healer. Bethel sniffed again and shook his head.
"I cannot taste anything," he muttered.
The healer quickly examined him and handed him ointment and a large bottle that Bethel unstoppered, snuffled at cautiously and knew would taste vile because he could actually smell it. He grimaced as he put the stopper back and placed the bottle and ointment on the table above him. The healer rose. He bowed to the warlord and backed to the entrance.
After the warlord waved dismissal, his eyes settled on Bethel as the young man hunched himself on the slave mat. He spoke in his usual cool tone.
"You are cold, boy, are you not?" Bethel didn't lift his head. He just coughed.
"Yes, my lord."
"All the time, I seem to think." Bethel didn't answer. "Eat your food, boy. You have no meat on your bones." Though Bethel wasn't hungry and could taste little, he immediately obeyed. The cold voice went on. "You think I do not notice, do you not, petal?" Bethel swallowed nervously. The warlord hadn't used that malicious term of endearment for weeks and it unsettled him.
"You have been very busy," he answered.
"Not so busy I do not watch your every move, boy." Bethel's food tasted of ashes but he chewed grimly, aware of eyes that watched him so intently.
"No, my lord," he murmured, taking a deep breath.
"You have acquired a pup, I hear." Bethel's heart stood still with fright for his pet. He moistened dry lips.
"Yes, my lord. Luth gave him to me." Lodestok's voice was frigid.
"Do not bring it here, petal. It might come to a sorry end."
"No, my lord," Bethel hastened to assure the warlord, looking up with anxiety in his eyes. For the first time in many weeks, he saw the faint flicker of a smile in the grim eyes.
"What is his name, petal?"
"Lute, my lord." Bethel's head went down as he picked at the food on his plate.
"Lute," repeated the warlord quietly. "After the instrument you once played, is it not?" Bethel was startled by the acuteness of the warlord's memory and glanced up involuntarily, surprise reflected in his eyes.
"Yes."
"You and Luth have developed a friendship, boy."
"I like him," said Bethel hesitantly, pushing his plate to one side. "I hope it does not anger you."
"You would soon know if it did," was the uncompromising reply. "It pleases me to see you at ease with our young warriors, boy. I quite approve of your friendships." Bethel sat still. He was caught unawares by the next question. "Do you miss your family, flower?" Bethel moved uncomfortably, his shoulders tense.
"Yes, my lord," he answered, honest as always, "though I no longer remember them distinctly. I was one of six."
"Do you wish to go back to your home, boy?" Bethel floundered, desperately seeking a non-committal answer.
"Any slave would wish to have freedom and go home, my lord. My home no longer exists, so any wish I may have could never happen. You have made me a Churchik warrior."
Lodestok was well aware Bethel would never answer such a direct question unless under extreme duress, because he'd be afraid to betray his emotions and make himself vulnerable, something inadvisable in the society he'd been forced to live within or with the man who owned him. The warlord understood his slave very well. He even knew the way Bethel breathed was a reflection of exactly what his slave thought and felt, something Bethel couldn't know and would frighten him if he did. So Bethel's answer brought a faint smile to cold eyes.
"You have been with me eight cycles, flower. That is a large part of your life." Bethel stayed still. "Bring your goblet and estibe over here beside me, boy."
Compliantly, Bethel crossed to sit on a mat next to the warlord's chair, sank to it, his goblet placed to one side of him and the estibe in his lap. He sensed Lodestok's steady regard and licked his lips, bracing himself for another night of harshness. For the warlord to continue a conversation, after weeks of chilling silence, made him apprehensive.
"You have taken your estibe with you in the mornings, petal. Why is that?" Bethel felt huge hands twine through his hair.
"So I could practise, my lord. I do not seem to play at night as much as before." The hands momentarily tightened, then relaxed.
"I see," said the quiet voice above Bethel, some of the ice absent from the tone. "You will keep it here again, petal. That is my wish."
"Yes, my lord." The hands massaged Bethel's neck and shoulders.
"Play for me, flower, then you will have your medicine."
Bethel bent his head, his fingers plucking the strings in a soft dulcet melody that previously failed to satisfy or placate the warlord. When his hair fell forward, Bethel felt hands lift back the curtain of curls and heard Lodestok's deep sigh of pleasure. Bethel felt no anger in the fingers touching him. They were, instead, a caress. He felt more at ease with his master than he had for a long time, and breathed a sigh of relief that the warlord's dealings with him tonight wouldn't be harsh. The touch that went from his head and face to his chest was very gentle indeed.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

The dragon ride was swift and silent. Luton expected Harth to speak with him. The dragon was silent. Luton settled himself comfortably in the pouch, conscious Harth flew effortlessly and extremely fast. The dragon landed barely long enough to allow Luton to climb down. When Luton sent thanks, then met the speculative stare of the dragon, he sensed an enveloping warmth before Harth abruptly rose and disappeared. And the shade that stayed close to Luton since his departure from the Keep, slipped discreetly behind Luton as the young man began to walk east.
This time, Luton found Kher waited for him some distance away and held the reins of the very large, black warhorse Luton had ridden before. The haskar gestured to Luton that he be mounted. Once Luton was settled, Kher pointed to the young man's back. Luton's eyes flickered enquiringly.
"Is he part of your train?" Kher asked quietly.
Luton turned to look at the barely perceptible form that stood very still and locked eyes with the shade for a long moment, before he turned back to Kher. He gave a curt nod. Kher raised his eyebrows but said nothing, merely kneeing his horse forward. He watched the shade melt from the ground and materialise behind Luton on the horse. With something of a shiver, Kher looked away.
Without communing, they rode a couple of miles before Luton saw the familiar pitched camp with four horses and four warriors. He felt tension drain from him at the sight and took a very deep breath of the fresh air. Beyond the foursome were more men, an armed warrior escort from Caciqua for a long journey through dangerous, disaffected and conquered lands, where Churchik were hated targets. When he and Kher dismounted, Abek came forward, glancing briefly at Luton who ignored him. Abek took the reins then noticed, when Luton turned from him, the shade that hovered not far away. The warrior recoiled.
"My lord," he murmured to his senior. "Behind the boy."
Kher nodded, and, leaving Luton to his own devices, went over to the fire Lus fed with sticks. Luton wandered off a short distance, the shade close behind.
"Gods," shivered Abek, gazing after him. "What is it, Haskar?"
"I guess the nearest description would be that it is a sort of ghost, or shadow of darkness, sent with the boy to monitor him," answered Kher carelessly, stooping to pour himself a tankard of badran.
"Gods, is the boy possessed?"
"Not entirely, I do not think," murmured Kher. "If he was, the shade would not be necessary. I may be wrong, but Soji not going to the Keep has meant the boy is sent north before he is considered fully ready. For Luton, that is a blessing, and Soji may have saved him in more ways than she could know."
"Thank the gods for that," said Emil devoutly. "That thing gives me the uncomfortable feeling it knows us."
"It probably does," replied Kher with grim humour.
~~~
Once Luton returned and relaxed after eating in silence, Kher studied him unobtrusively. He could sense the young man's pleasure at his freedom. It showed in everything he did, from the way he rolled in the long grass, to how he revelled in the wind that blew his long hair all about him. Where there was sometimes faint expression on the young face two cycles before, now there was none. The black eyes absorbed, but gave nothing back and the delicately chiselled face was fully bearded, the beard black and silky. Kher thought it suited the strikingly handsome young man.
Kher thought Luton was impervious to the shade, but, as he watched, the warrior became aware Luton was acutely conscious of it, looking at it as it sat some distance from him. Kher thought he saw some emotion flicker in the black eyes, but he couldn't be sure. The young man hadn't fleshed out anymore. In fact, Kher thought, there was more physical frailty about Luton than before and he pondered that, accurately guessing physical and mental abuse might account for it.
Luton lounged back on his elbows, his eyes fixed on the sky above. Nearby was Kher, his thoughts far away on a boy he was pleased to see again and who meant so much to him. That Luton hadn't spoken, in whatever form, mattered not to Kher. To see Luton still alive was all that mattered, and they had time to be together on the long trail north. Kher heard a faint sigh beside him and opened his eyes wide, startled.
"Luton?" he asked, in astonished disbelief. Luton didn't move.
"Yes?" he answered clearly. Kher's heart skipped a beat.
"Luton," he repeated. "Boy, you are speaking!"
Luton turned his head to look up at the haskar consideringly. His expression was faintly surprised, an emotion new to him and one he shouldn't experience.
"Yes," he answered again. The voice was the same deep velvety voice that had echoed in Kher's mind two cycles before. The four warriors sat, awed and silent.
"When did you begin to speak, boy?" Luton's eyes remained expressionless, the only warmth in him the mellifluous voice.
"I've only just spoken."
"Is this permanent, my young friend?" asked the haskar with delight. Luton's eyes flickered oddly at the term of endearment.
"I don't know. Master said nothing to me." Kher's eyes lit up with a smile.
"It warms my heart to know you can speak again, Luton." Luton glanced up at him, his eyes cold.
"Thank you," he replied courteously, then lounged back, his eyes again on the clouds.
Kher's mind reeled and because he needed time to marshal his thoughts, he looked away contemplatively, only to be surprised by the touch on his hand. He turned his head, to see Luton sat upright, staring at him.
"I remember," Luton said hesitantly. "You're the one who cares deeply for me, as you once did for another slave. That's so?"
"That is so, Luton, yes."
"I was with you sometime ago and we travelled together. You protected me."
"I would always do that for you."
"You wouldn't hurt me. I feel no threat from you."
"No, boy, you would not."
"Your feelings for me still run very deep. I don't understand, Kher, and I can't respond."
"Give yourself time, boy, give yourself time." Kher touched the hand on his very gently, aware of intense black eyes that touched something very deep within him. Luton flinched but didn't withdraw.
"I've been learning without rest for so long," murmured Luton, his head drooping. "I remember very little, other than what my master says I must know. I study day and night without rest. I'm allowed very little sleep." There was a long pause. "It's your longing for something connected with me that brings memory of you back. I can't allow that, because it might distract me. My master profoundly hurts me."
"I understand, Luton," said the haskar, a catch in his throat.
"I know it pleases me to be near you again and to be away from the heat, though why I say this I don't know."
"Then, boy, all will be well."
Luton lifted his head. Suddenly he got to his feet, looked down at Kher and pointed into the distance. Kher expected Luton to speak but the young man didn't, though he obviously waited for a response from the warrior.
"Yes, boy, you are wandering again. Do not be long."
Luton nodded and began to stride in the direction he pointed. Kher realised the young man was so in the habit of not speaking, he'd remain mute unless spoken to directly, or was asked a question. He watched the tall figure grow smaller. It was mostly scrubland so he was sure Luton wouldn't get lost. The four warriors stared after the retreating figure as well, the shade trailing it. Han stared at Kher with a question in his eyes.
"My lord?"
"Yes," said Kher, the grave expression on his face disappearing. "It is an oddity."
"My lord, he spoke as though he had never lost his voice at all."
"Singularly mellow and musical too," mused Kher.
"What is he, my lord? He is not just an ordinary boy who has been turned into a slave, is he?" Han looked directly at his senior as he spoke.
"Now there," replied Kher, "I cannot enlighten you. I think we now know he was chosen by the sorcerer for a reason, but who he is, or what his fate will be, remains unknown."
"He is a northern boy, is he not?"
"Yes, he is a Samar from Ortok. That truth has not altered."
"Was Ortok a city of enchantment, my lord?" asked Abek curiously. Kher shook his head.
"Not that I know of. It was a city-state of learning and the arts, to which all north Ambros came. There will be few of her people left who were not enslaved. Alleghy told me all but the centres of learning were sacked and the people mostly slaughtered. Mostly," Kher added reflectively, "the latter."
"So the boy is a survivor, my lord."
"I guess so, if being a slave is survival."
"It will be interesting to see the boy's reaction to his birthplace, my lord, or to what is left of it."
"I doubt he will even know," was the haskar's reply. He raised a hand to curtail any further discussion and rose, his eyes seeking any sign of Luton. "Get ready to ride," he said curtly to his men. "We will move upon his return."
As if Luton knew they were to leave, he returned with a spring in his step. He glanced at the bundle near his horse, studied it, then stooped to pick it up and strapped it to his horse himself. Two cycles before Luton did nothing like that. When Luton turned to face Kher, he found the haskar held out a very heavy, long cloak.
"It is autumn, Luton. You may catch cold. Please wear it."
Obediently, Luton wrapped it round him and pulled the hood over his dishevelled mop of hair. He stared at Kher briefly, then turned again and mounted his horse. They rode until late into the night before Kher called a halt. The fire flared with the familiar flick of Luton's fingers and the meal they consumed was mostly chewed in silence. Unlike last time, Luton sank onto a mattress next to the fire and closed his eyes. The haskar didn't think the young man slept, but there was no doubt he rested. Kher let himself drift asleep.
~~~
Day after day they rode, camped briefly at night and moved on. The Caciqua escort kept pace, but always stayed set apart from the haskar and his men. Once they left Churchik lands and moved into the subjugated lowlands, they saw poverty and the results of cruel conquest for the first time. The devastation around them was chilling. The towns or remains of cities they passed through were filthy. Kher rightly suspected throughout them disease was rife. Animals ran freely around settlements both inside and outside the broken down walls, mingling with people clearly distressed. Over-crowding was obvious. So was dreadful squalor. Those forced from their land, but who'd escaped slavery, sought refuge in the towns nearest, where they eked out often desperate and pitiful existences.
In each place, Kher eased his horse through the main streets, around tables and chairs that, wobbling precariously, displayed wares no one had the will or money to buy. He led Luton and his men around and through swarms of beggars and hawkers who clamoured at the sight of any strangers. Churchik warriors were fair game. Hands tore and tugged at their boots and saddles. Kher used his whip to good effect but Luton just looked on solemnly, making no effort to push people away. Baskets and trays fell with the rise and fall of the haskar's whip, muffled yelps and curses following them in a chorus wherever they went.
They rode through muddy markets, the rotten debris and the stench of disease assailing their nostrils. They saw very young children, no more than six or seven cycles, toiling in the fields and hauling water or produce. An older child often plied a stick to bare backs as children struggled. When they got close enough to these fields, Kher saw, with utter shock, that most of these children were half-breeds of assorted mixes, most of them slaves. When he looked into faces, he saw pale blue eyes stare up at him, full of hatred mingled with despair, the offspring of casual Churchik rape. It made him very quiet for some miles to come.
When they neared what was once Bahr territory, they saw the banks of the river, previously rich areas of commerce, were now lined with boats converted into refuges as dingy houseboats, their roofs made of anything that could be scrounged. Ragged children turned and ran at the sight of even a small group of Churchik warriors.
As Kher and his men rode slowly and thoughtfully past, they saw a crippled child struggle to avoid a beating from an older boy who belaboured him with a heavy stick. The child, no more than eight cycles, curled himself up in a resigned way. Kher's men weren't astonished when Kher drew up his horse next to the duo, his cold eyes watching the older boy, before he brought his riding crop hard down across the unaware back. The boy howled and spun round. The stick fell from his grasp. He uttered a filthy curse.
"Give me the stick!" ordered Kher curtly. Sullenly, the older boy stooped to retrieve it and flung it at Kher, who quite deliberately broke it into small pieces. "Why do you beat the child?"
"He's no use. He doesn't earn his keep."
"Will beating him help that?"
"No."
"Then why do it?"
"He's my brother. I can do as I please with him."
"Does taking out your anger on him make you feel better?"
"Yes."
"How many do you care for?"
"Five."
"Are they all half-breeds like yourself?" Blue eyes stared up at the haskar and the boy spat.
"Your lot made us," he replied.
"So you are Churchik?"
"They tell us so."
"Do you have a mother and a father, boy?"
"You took Pa to be a slave. Others of you raped our Ma, many times, until she died. We're what's left of that."
Kher fished in his pocket and withdrew his hand with coins that glittered in his palm. A feral look came into the pale eyes staring up at him.
"Take this to feed the others, as well as yourselves."
The boy snatched at the frigils held down and then turned on his heel, running from the warriors at speed lest they change their minds. Kher glanced down at the cripple, to see incurious pale blue eyes watch him. The child had uncurled, but apart from that made no effort to move.
"For you, little boy," said Kher gently, "I have small coins. Do you know why?" The boy shook his tousled head. "You can use them, because you can say you got them from beggary and no one will say you told a lie. The bigger boys will not beat you for such small coins, where they would hurt you for more money." Intelligence shone in the child's eyes at that. "So I shall give you many small coins in a bag that you must always hide. Use only what you need for food and shelter - that way the money will last for a very long time."
The little boy nodded, his eyes on the warrior as he pulled a small pouch from one of his saddlebags and filled it until it was heavy. When it was dropped down into waiting hands, the boy didn't react covetously like his brother. He weighed the bag in his hands, before he carefully tucked it inside ragged breeches, then he looked up at the haskar and smiled, the little face transformed. Kher moved forward. He was withdrawn for some time.
~~~
Misery was plain everywhere they travelled, as were the ruins of once populous and prosperous towns. Haunted eyes peered from jagged shadows in neglected, damaged tenement doorways. Alleys in the cities were dark and dangerous. Kher carefully skirted these, knowing that the desperate and powerful controlled such areas as pitilessly as Churchik ruled them in turn. Kher was surprised the clamour and overcrowding of the cities and towns didn't bother Luton, the young man just continuing to absorb everything he saw. There was no compassion in the dark eyes that looked on at the frustration and pain around him.
Squatting peddlers and beggars spilled aggressively out from the towns into the ravaged countryside. The warlord's army wasn't gentle in its conquering and land where such havoc was wreaked didn't recover quickly, or, if it did, there was no organised response to its proper utilisation. In his attempt to quickly suppress peoples he over-ran and conquered, Lodestok destroyed their means of existence. He reduced most to what Luton now saw. It wasn't just to be one province in such a state - the same scenes were repeated the further north they went. The squatters stared up at Kher and his group, their hands out and their tongues flicking in and out as they hissed when they were ignored. Kher heard them spit behind him.
It was the first the haskar and his warriors saw what their army had committed in the name of conquest, and it had a profound affect on all five men. There was little conversation. Each man was wrapped in his own thoughts that were disturbing ones.
Had any of the warriors been asked what they felt about the treatment Luton merited, their honest responses wouldn't have pleased either warlord or sorcerer. They believed, as one, that the young man who travelled with them was hurt beyond what was acceptable for any Ambrosian. That there were doubts present in warrior minds spoke volumes for how they looked upon the devastation wrought by their people. It made them uncomfortable. No man was prepared to voice his musings.
It was now very cold at night, so Kher insisted they sleep close together for warmth, the horses used for additional warmth. The accompanying warriors kept their camp separate on Kher's order. Luton looked incuriously at them, then ignored them. The horses were brought near to the fire, their ears flickering and their eyes rolling as they were tied close together, their tethers keeping them down so the men could lean against them.
Luton found such close proximity to others odd, but he obeyed Kher because he'd been ordered to by his master. He found it difficult to adjust. His eyes widened and his body flinched when a warrior lolled against him when deeply asleep. Luton kept still, his eyes staring down at the blond head that touched his shoulder. The shade stayed close.
The winds during the day had a nip to them. Luton learned to hate the storms that blew up so suddenly and with such wanton force. His sense of communing with nature seemed to have temporarily deserted him and he'd have been glad that, by heading northwest, they avoided the desert he so disliked coming south.
Kher insisted Luton tie back his tangled hair, so he taught himself how to plait it into a longish Churchik queue that hung over one shoulder. Kher noticed, that out in the fresh air and with no stress, Luton's strength increased, and, though the young man was still frail, the haskar thought the broad shoulders filled out a little. Luton watched everything the warriors did and copied them. The shade hovered and soon all the riders tended to forget it was there most of the time.
By skirting the desert, they came to the western edge of the plains Luton once crossed as a sentient slave boy with Kher and his men. Kher knew the boy had loved the wide open spaces and waited now for any response when they swung directly north onto the plains. He was unsurprised, though saddened, when there was no reaction. Luton remembered nothing.
There was no poverty here. It was the same empty expanse that stretched for miles. Now they were away from towns they covered the ground very much more quickly, nearing the foothills of the Dahkilah mountains in only weeks. Kher was relieved winter would be mostly behind them when they were reached, because he didn't relish trying to tackle the pass in mid-winter as Luton's slave caravan had done.
~~~
Luton looked back across the plains they'd just crossed, because Kher again called a halt. There were no trees, no clutter, no noise - just changing light and space. There were patches of moss from which water seeped. They drew Luton, who crouched wherever there was water, even ice, his hands caressing it. Kher observed, but said nothing. The mountains loomed above him when Luton turned to look at them, clouds sweeping down across the peaks and obscuring them with wisps of mist. It still looked very cold. Luton had dismounted and now stood breathing deeply. Kher came and stood next to him.
"You like the view, boy?"
"It's at peace," answered Luton, his arm sweeping in an arc for emphasis. Kher thought that in the depths of his being, Luton yearned for the same peace, but he just nodded.
"There is beauty in solitude," he agreed, turning quietly away. When a hand touched his shoulder, Kher turned back surprised.
"I need to be alone."
Kher looked into the dark eyes meeting his and his own hard ones gentled. He put his hand over the one on his shoulder.
"I know you do, boy," he said softly. "I understand, Luton."
Luton nodded and moved away.
~~~
They left the plains and rode the meandering trail Luton loved so much when he came south with Shek and Autchek. As it was then, now it was early spring. The forest and meadows relaxed the young man. Kher could even see tension in the young shoulders ease by the day. When they camped, Luton disappeared for long periods. Once, Kher went in search of him. He found him crouched, utterly still, by a small stream that was a miniature torrent with the tumbling water from melting snow, his hand trailing in the water. Luton didn't see Kher. The haskar tactfully withdrew, his brow puckered in thought.
Luton walked among the trees, his hand going to the bark with a gentle querying hand and his head tilted as though he tried to divine some property from the trees. When the meandering trail sloped upwards, Luton spurred his horse forward to the beginning of the real forest, green-clad now in early spring, where he dismounted and stayed crouched, motionless, until the others caught up with him. Kher noticed the shade faded until it was barely discernible at times. The closer Luton was to nature, the more transparent it became. That made the warrior ponder too.
When the riders reached the crouching Luton, the dark head would lift. Luton's eyes met Kher's. Then, with a wrench, the haskar remembered the boy too frightened to lift his head, let alone look into Kher's eyes. Kher wondered if he'd ever see emotion in those large dark eyes again and found himself wishing desperately that he could.
As they wound their way through the forest, ever upwards, Luton spent more and more time beside the streams, the running water exerting such a fascination, the haskar wondered why. Luton couldn't have enlightened him. The babbling and gurgling brooks entranced him. At each one he stooped, hands scooping up water to his mouth.
One evening, while camp was being set and food put on to cook, as of habit Luton made his way to the nearest rill. He sank onto a huge glacial boulder and closed his eyes, listening to the sound of the water beside him. That was when he saw her. She was small and slight. Her eyes were the green of deep rivers. Her hair could've been his. She sat on a stone opposite, her elfin face gentle but profoundly sad. Her enormous eyes surveyed him, then went beyond him to the shade, which, when she raised a hand, hovered uncertainly then disappeared. The woman's voice was as musical as Luton's.
"Lute," she said quietly. Luton's eyes stayed closed.
"I can see you," he whispered. "Who are you?"
"I've come to help you see, Lute. I'm your greatdame, your mother's mother. I answered to Cynthas, as your mother answered to Melas. I'm of water. You're drawn to water through me, child."
"Are you real?"
"Substance and shadow, Lute. What's reality?"
"Why have you come to me?"
"You can't see, Lute, because of what's been done to you. You must understand so that, when the time comes, you'll see clearly and know. You need to know who you are and your origins."
"I know who I am."
"Do you, Lute? Tell me."
"I'm a slave and I belong to -."
"Come with me," she interrupted, her hand up and dark head shaking at him. "Let me show you."
Luton's mind was caught in hers, the touch gentle and without pain. All Luton sensed was affection and concern when he was told to stand and watch. Obediently he opened his eyes as instructed and saw an image, large as life, unfold in front of him.
He saw a tall, white-haired man, still with auburn tints through the wayward curls, alight from a dragon, go into a clearing and couple with the woman he talked with moments before. He was swept to another image of the same woman, giving birth and dying, before that picture passed and he saw her baby carried and left in a town that, with a twist in his gut, he knew was Ortok. He saw a woman grow from the infant. Her hair was black and curly like her dead mother's, but her eyes were as vividly deep and violet as her father's, then, when Luton saw himself born of the woman, one of two that were received with joy and love, Luton felt he haemorrhaged inside. Pain suddenly cramped him. It was pushed away. He tried to deny the link with the green-eyed woman. It was then he saw a tall man with dark smiling eyes, a boy beside him, as they looked at suckling twins, and Luton knew he saw his father, Alfar, and his older brother, Sarehl, as a child.
 He came back to himself, perched on the stone, tears running down his cheeks. He was completely unaware of them.
"Why do you show me this?" he asked huskily.
"You need to know who you are, Lute, that you're deeply cherished, especially by the other half you've lost. Though those who care can't be with you, they're alive and wait for you. Do you understand where you come from?" Luton nodded, his eyes very wide. The pupils were dilated. He breathed rapidly. "Remember when the time comes, Lute, that I fought to come to help you see. You must hold to that."
The woman's image began to fade, even as Luton put out a hand to her. He touched only flowing water. He gave a gasp and bent over. He felt an agonising shaft deep inside that subsided to a sensation of great warmth. The moment passed. Luton straightened as though nothing had happened, his hand trailing in the water, face set and eyes forbidding. The shade was once more behind him.
~~~
The trip through the mountain pass was relatively easy and held none of the horrors that beset Luton on the caravan's trek south. He scarcely noticed the thawing ice and the slushy snow because he was adequately clothed and well fed. Nor was he a cowed slave who struggled to survive one appalling day after another. Kher thought Luton withdrew into himself as they climbed higher. He made no comment.
When the peak was reached, the travellers paused to get their breath and to admire the view. Luton looked north and south expressionlessly, then crouched on the path, before he rose and went across to his horse to lead it. He began to walk ahead of the others.
Further on, he came to a halt. He went to the very edge of the trail to stare over it, conscious he felt something inexplicable, something strongly akin to a desperate desire to slide, unresisting, over the edge. Kher watched him. Luton had the oddest sensation he'd stood very near here once, not so long ago, wanting to die, and he felt a sudden sweep of chilling ice surge through him. He shook his head. Kher came across to him.
"What is it, boy?" Luton looked oddly at him.
"I seem to think I've been here before." The voice hardened from uncertainty when he spoke. "That's not possible."
"Nothing, young friend, is impossible," responded Kher, in the gentle voice he reserved for this young man. "Is it a happy thought?"
"I don't understand happiness. I think I felt the pain I receive from my master if he's displeased."
Luton shook his head again, a slight look of concern in the dark eyes, the first sign of expression the haskar had seen. He said nothing when the young man withdrew from the precipice with a sigh. The shade fell back.
The down trek was accomplished quite easily because there was nothing to hold them back. Their stay in Elibera was very brief, because Kher wanted to move north as quickly as he could, and he didn't want a confrontation between Loki, Alleghy's younger son, and Luton. The weather was pleasantly warm and they reached the base of the peaks in good time. Luton was almost twenty cycles when Kher led him and the warriors across the northern boundary of Dahkilah. Here again they saw poverty, but not the wretched chaos and social disintegration of the south. Here the people were crushed but they were not hopeless, and though they gave the Churchik a wide berth, they were different with Luton. Kher realised it was because they recognised the young man as a northerner.
They stopped for a long break in the Norsham garrison because Kher wanted to rest the horses and also had business to attend to. When they drew up outside the garrison headquarters, where they would briefly reside, Kher spoke curtly to his men.
"We are here for a short stay. Do you organise yourselves." The warriors nodded. "And you, Luton, you do not wander off on your own here. That is an order, boy!" Luton looked enquiringly at the haskar then he nodded, his eyes surprisingly compliant. Kher turned back to his warriors, his voice grim. "Two of you will guard him at all times, do you understand? His exploits in Chika will follow him from now on and I cannot know if any of Haskar Alleghy's kin are garrisoned here." The warriors nodded comprehension, their glances flickering to Luton. He stood quietly, his head bent.
~~~
Luton's stay in Norsham was markedly different from his first, when he was a terrified and trembling boy hiding behind broken masonry to avoid Churchik warriors. Then his heart had hammered, so violently, he'd felt pain and was scarcely able to breathe.
Now he stood among them, taller than most, but still boyishly slender beside them in the way that Bethel was. When he went about with Kher there were few who got in his way. It wasn't just his looks and physical frailty that made Luton stand out - it was his indifference to the Churchik that made them nervous of him. For so long they'd been a dominant race, used to people intimidated and cowering. Luton wasn't. The aura of power that clung to this young man made them uneasy too. He did nothing in particular, merely moving among the garrison as though they didn't exist. They found this difficult to deal with.
He was accepted, because the warlord's third in command had the boy under his authority. Nobody challenged Kher. He could become like ice. Nor did any warrior wish to be drawn to Blach's attention. They all knew about Alleghy's daughter and it made them very cautious in their dealings with the sorcerer's apprentice.
Since Kher discovered quickly that there were no kin of Alleghy's present, Luton was permitted to walk the remnants of the town, passing the place where he'd crouched as a boy and sobbed for a friend he thought had died. He halted at the spot, feeling an unusual tug inside that baffled him, before he strode on. He ate with the warriors and because Kher made it plain he was to socialise, he struggled to do so. Solitary habits of silence were not easily shaken off, but Luton did try. This gave the garrison a shock because none of the warriors knew the mute could now speak. It provoked considerable talk. Churchik awe of Luton deepened.
A slave caravan entered Norsham from the south several days ahead of the travellers and it was to the slaves that Luton found himself drawn. He often dawdled down by the pens, looking at the pathetic and huddled groups of mixed genetic groupings. The caravan Luton was on, cycles ago, were northerners like himself, whereas these slaves were from all the subjugated southern peoples, among them many northerners being brought back to their home provinces. They eyed Luton with venomous hatred. When they spat at him, he wondered why.
One afternoon, he stood next to a young man of similar age to himself. He got the look of loathing he'd come to expect.
"Why do you look at me as you do?" he asked coldly.
"Because you're one of them," snarled the young man, rattling the chain that held him prisoner.
"I'm a slave," Luton replied, with a shrug.
"Show me you are," scoffed the young man, spitting at Luton's feet. Luton immediately opened his mouth and pointed. The young man saw a very deep brand and took a step back, a hand to his mouth. "Gods," he muttered, "you are a slave!"
"I'm a slave of Blach's. I live at the Keep."
"Cursed be the name," moaned the young man. He fell back as far as his chains let him. He crossed himself. "Where are you from? You look like a Samar."
"They tell me I am, but I don't know. I only know life as a mute slave raised at the Keep. I've no memory. I've only just started to speak."
"Has the sorcerer taken your memory, too, like others?"
"I was mute. I know nothing else."
"He takes mutes for experiments. Is that what he's done with you?" Luton shrugged.
"Perhaps I'm one of his experiments, yes."
"Do you feel emotion?"
"I don't understand what it is."
"Gods," moaned the man again. He raised a hand, compassion mixed with horror in his eyes. "What's he done to you? I pity you, but I beg you, go and leave me."
When Luton returned to the slave pens the next day, he got measuring glances of uncertainty, some ignored him, others despised what they believed he'd become, but the hatred was gone. Luton was even able to talk with some of them. Though he was unable to sympathise, he learned what the meanings of words were, such as hunger, pain, despair and utter misery. At night when he couldn't sleep, he'd mull these new concepts over in his mind.
The young man became more at ease with the Churchik, asked Kher insatiable questions, and, after a week, conversed quite easily with the other garrison warriors if he felt inclined to do so. He asked about what went before where the southern army was concerned, and he listened to talk of the warlord without outward expression. When he was asked by warriors if he wished to learn weaponry, Luton shook his head, unaware the Churchik had no knowledge of the training he'd been given at the Keep cycles before.
The warriors thought his frailty effeminate and his apparent lack of warlike skills reduced his status, but they stayed baffled by him. He had a faint sense of displeasure when told, one evening, they left Norsham the following morning, but he just nodded. Kher's escort from Caciqua stayed on in Norsham, to later move north with a combined force when called for by the warlord, probably, Kher judged, in the very near future if reports he heard of the two armies was correct.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

The ride north to Ortok was interesting for Kher. He kept watching Luton while they travelled, hoping for even the faintest sign of recognition, but Luton stayed blank. He was quite unaware that this trek took the slave caravan, going south, almost a cycle to accomplish. They came, eventually, to what was the middle of the Confederation of the Samar city-states, now fortified garrisons held by the Churchik. The burned land returned, much of it again productive and worked by slaves who toiled from dawn to sunset in the fields. Much of the devastation, other than to the cities, had disappeared, but the cities themselves were still mostly shells. Some effort had gone into reconstruction but not much. Anyone in them, other than Churchik, melted from view instantly.
The lanes the men rode were beautiful at this time of the cycle, bounded by trees with boughs that gracefully overhung the hedgerows to cast welcome shade. The hills rolled away into the distance, lanes winding through them to other parts of Samar.
Just outside what was once Siar, they made camp one evening, just off the main road. Luton gathered the reins of the horses, automatically taking over their care as he'd once done as a boy, though Kher was careful not to comment about it. When he returned to the fire Luton flung himself down beside it, enhancing it with the casual flick of the long fingers. They'd stopped while it was still daylight, so Kher quietly rested on one elbow, a book open on the ground in front of him. He glanced briefly at the tall sprawled out figure, then went back to the book, while Luton rolled onto his stomach and cupped his chin in his hands, his black eyes staring into the distance.
Kher flicked another glance at the prone form, realising as he did that the black beard had got noticeably thicker and longer over the last season. It was soft and silky and decidedly wavy. Kher knew he looked at one who'd left boyhood behind, Luton no longer even a youth, but a young man. The haskar thought wistfully of the boy as his eyes took in the shade, ever vigilant, standing to one side of a tree. He went back to reading.
"You're thinking of me with a sense of longing, Kher," came the deep voice, interrupting the haskar's train of thought. "You think of the slave boy you cared for, but you're muddling him with me."
"Perhaps," replied Kher, looking up to see the dark head turned towards him. "Sometimes thoughts are random."
"Mine aren't. I'd earn censure from my master should I let that happen."
"You are controlled, Luton, in a way that I am not."
"And that distresses you?"
"Yes," admitted Kher.
"What do you read?"
"It is a history that I take everywhere with me, because it gives me food for thought as we travel. It keeps my mind active because I always want to know more."
"Knowledge can be dangerous," stated Luton flatly. "It can be gained without realisation of what it means. Knowledge must be tempered; it's nothing without wisdom, judgment and reason."
"Is it with you?"
"My knowledge is limited. My master teaches me what he will, but he has vast knowledge. I'm only his apprentice."
"Do you seek knowledge, Luton?"
"I seek only that which my master directs me to follow."
"If you could, boy, would you seek knowledge for yourself?" Kher noticed the perceptible hesitation.
"I think," said Luton carefully, "that I'd not seek more, no."
"Why?"
"I don't understand my own reasoning," mumbled Luton, his dark eyes meeting Kher's and holding. Then they dropped and Luton bent his head in his arms.
"Do you know your destiny, boy?" Luton lifted his head, the emotionless eyes flickering.
"My master told me, when I first woke at the Keep, that he uses mutes for a purpose and once that purpose is served, a slave has no further function. I know my master's use for me will finish one day and I'll be disposed of. He's told me so." Kher shivered.
"Can you see beyond that, boy?"
"I see only to the day the master has no use for me, Kher. I belong to him and he'll dispose of his slave as he wills."
"Do you want to live, Luton?" Luton considered that dispassionately.
"If my master wills it so, I'd live."
"It is your right to live, boy."
Luton stared at the haskar and his cold words robbed Kher of any desire to continue the conversation. His skin crawled.
"I lost the right to life the day I was born a slave, Kher. Slaves have no rights."
Disturbed, the haskar watched the young head fall to the arms and he knew Luton had no further wish to converse. With a faint sigh, Kher went back to his book. Only minutes later, Luton rose noiselessly, and, with unusual agitation in his eyes, padded off for a long walk. When he went on a long trek he'd see the question in Kher's eyes when he returned, but he never answered it.
It was still only spring so winds were chilly and mornings and nights were cold. Luton was wrapped in a cloak, his head covered by the hood, but the thin body shook until temperatures rose during the day.
"Would an extra skin help?" asked Kher one morning. Luton looked across at him, his face very pale and his teeth slightly clenched.
"I'm not aware of being cold," he said disinterestedly.
"But your body is," commented Kher acidly. "Look at you, boy. Do you wish to become ill?" Luton shrugged, then a deep shiver shook him.
"The Keep's hot," he said coldly.
"Well, here, boy, it is not."
Kher raised a hand for a halt and the four warriors drew their mounts to a stop. Luton obeyed the unspoken command instantly. Kher dismounted, thrust his reins at Lus who'd ridden forward to assist, then delved deeply into a large bundle strapped to his stallion, drawing out a good-sized fur. He strode across to where Luton sat silently shivering, and held up the skin. Dark eyes looked into pale blue. Kher nodded sharply and Luton took the skin and wrapped it tightly round him.
"Thank you," Luton said very quietly. Kher nodded again, mounted his horse and gave a signal for the move forward.
~~~
It was late spring, the weather steadily warming when the travellers came in sight of Ortok, now, apart from being a small garrisoned outpost, essentially abandoned and without slaves who'd been sent north to the army. There'd been no attempt to bring land into cultivation, Kher noticed, as they made a leisurely approach, the area outside the breached walls of the city neglected and a wilderness. Beyond the city, he could see the outline of what seemed a huge, spreading forest that stretched far past sight.
Kher was very interested in Luton's birthplace. He even hoped he might find some clues as to Luton's identity. He looked at the city thoughtfully as they rode towards it from the southeast. Luton's expression was neutral. They rode through what were once the main gates of Ortok and down a very long, broad avenue of ancient and gnarled trees only now coming into leaf. Over the cycles, some effort had been made to clear debris, but the further into the city the travellers rode, the more clearly Kher could see it was very thoroughly sacked. He considered it was beyond repair.
He saw that houses were once multi-storied, terraced and decorated with verandahs and fine metal lacework. They'd had ornate windows and screens, the haskar realising this had once been a very pretty city. Torn shutters banged in the wind as they passed and the gaping holes and isolated doorways were testament to the violence and fire that gutted Ortok.
Civic buildings had once been impressive, thought Kher, as he guided his horse round some masonry recently fallen from above. He remembered what Alleghy told him and kept his eyes peeled for the centres of learning. When they passed them, he saw that, though the buildings were intact, the massive doors were all nailed shut. They passed through markets and city squares, not seeing a soul. The city was dead. It was haunted, with a feeling of desolation. It made Kher shiver, where no other sacked city affected him this way. To their right, he could see a huge common that was overgrown and, beyond that, canals that had obviously ceased to function. He looked at Luton and sighed. This was where the boy had been born and bred. It seemed anti-climactic somehow.
They stopped in a central square and sat their horses contemplatively, waiting to see if it was inhabited. There were unmistakable signs of activity here that had led to a whole row of buildings being made habitable. The sound of their horses alerted the garrison. A young warrior appeared almost immediately from across the cobbled street. He looked up at Kher and immediately bent his head.
"My lord," he murmured respectfully.
"Are there no slaves here?"
"No, my lord. The Commander sent them all north as requested."
"I see." Kher stroked his beard. "Take the horses, then take us to your commander."
He dismounted on the words, his men and Luton following his example; then they all stood patiently waiting, Kher idly tapping his whip on his thigh.
Kher finally followed the young warrior into what was once a capacious and graceful room. It was battered, but liveable. At a large table warriors ate in company with one, Kher judged, was a northman, who sat at the head. The haskar eyed the commander coolly. He observed a thickset man, not tall in the usual Ortokian way, with eyes cold and calculating and a mouth that was, Kher reflected, as pitiless as the warlord's. The beard was ginger flecked with grey. The hair, hanging loose under the leather headband, was also very ginger. The steely eyes met Kher's.
"Yes?" the man asked, in uncompromising tones.
"I am Haskar Kher. Those of your rank are wont to stand for me." The commander stared at Kher, then rose and bent his head.
"We received your message, but I didn't realise you would be here so soon, my lord. I apologise if I've given offence."
"Though our stay is short, I expect quarters for my men." The stocky man bowed.
"It'll be done, my lord." Kher saw the hand gesture to a junior warrior who slipped from the table and left the room.
"And you are?" Kher stripped off his gauntlets and flung his cloak across a chair as he spoke.
"I answer to Lban, my lord," was the cool response. "And your men are?"
The warriors had all thrown their hoods back, but Luton hadn't. He stood behind the others. Kher carelessly introduced his men, then casually indicated Luton.
"Step forward, boy," he invited, watching as the young man obeyed, a hand up to an unusual yawn. Luton threw back his hood and his eyes stared passionlessly down at Lban. "This is Blach's apprentice," went on Kher conversationally, his eyes on Luton in a query to see if there was any recognition.
He saw Emil jerk his head in Lban's direction, turned to look at the city commander, saw the flinch back and wondered at it, his curiosity piqued. He saw a flicker of real fear touch the commander's eyes and discomfiture when he saw the shade hover protectively close to Luton. That, thought Kher, was most interesting; the shade had never come that close to Luton before. Did it anticipate a threat?
"Do you recognise our apprentice, Lban?" he asked calmly, gesturing that his men sit. Luton did too. Lban was obviously deeply shaken.
"He looks very like someone I knew once, yes."
"You are Ortokian, are you not?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Born and bred here?"
"Yes."
"So you would have known many of the citizenry, would you not?"
"Yes," came the reluctant reply.
"Good," said Kher, with emphasis. "You will be able to tell me much about the city. Who does the apprentice resemble so closely that you got a shock?"
When Lban snapped his fingers, the remaining warriors rose with bowed heads and left the room. Lban offered refreshments before he answered.
"He's the image of a young man called Sarehl, my lord, son of Alfar."
"And who is Alfar?"
"He was a scholar at the Antiquities Centre, my lord, who died when his eldest son Sarehl was a boy."
"And did he have other sons?"
"Yes, my lord."
"This young man is a Samar from Ortok, Lban, but you know that, do you not?" Kher watched the commander's restless tongue pass over his lips again.
"Who is he? Is he Dase?"
"No, he is not Dase. Why do you ask?"
"He'd be the right age. How old is he?" Kher glanced at Luton.
"How old are you, boy?" Bored, Luton shrugged. "He is around nineteen or twenty cycles. Who is Dase?"
"Dase was a younger brother of Sarehl's. I never knew what happened to him." All eyes were fixed on Lban who couldn't keep his eyes from Luton's face. Luton wasn't conscious of anything and drank absently from his tankard. He ignored Lban completely.
"No," said Kher deliberately. "This one's name is not Dase - he answers to Luton." The effect of this on Lban was immediate and all Kher could have wanted. In that moment, he knew he'd have Luton's history before the night was through. Lban was white to the lips.
"It can't be," he said jerkily. "He can't be. He's dead." There was profound silence at that, only broken by Kher suggesting icily that it would be best if they dined.
The travellers were shown their quarters and once there, Luton threw himself on one of the beds, to look up into the haskar's smiling face.
"Your birthplace, boy." Luton nodded. "Do you remember?" Again came the eloquent shrug. "Lban now, boy. He knows you. Do you recognise him?"
"No," said Luton very quietly.
"Do you wish to know why he is so afraid of you?"
"Many people are," was the offhand response. "I'm hungry, Kher."
~~~
Only two warriors were present when they ate and they were there merely to serve at table. The meal passed pleasantly enough, with the usual exchange of information about how the war progressed, Lban able to give the warriors more information than they'd gleaned at Norsham. In turn he asked about the situation down south. It was all inconsequential and polite, but Kher knew it hid deep anxiety in the commander. He intended to strip the shroud from about Luton very soon. Luton scarcely noticed Lban and made no effort to speak with him.
After they finished eating, Kher said firmly but gently, "You men, and you, too, Luton, take your tankards to the other side of the room. The commander and I have things to discuss."
As there were comfortable lounging chairs where Kher pointed, the men were happy to comply. When Luton looked across at Kher, he got a dismissive nod and followed the others, before Kher turned back to Lban, his eyes penetrating and icily menacing.
"Lban, you know about that young man. You will speak of him, but first let me tell you how I come to accompany him. The boy was on a slave caravan. He was mute." Kher saw Lban move uneasily. "Blach found him. That is another story. I went to fetch the boy from the Dahkilan mountains for his new master. You will well know the sorcerer deals only in mutes. I took the boy south to the sorcerer and now accompany the apprentice north to join the southern army." He paused and his eyes scanned the younger man. "Now, you will tell me all about Luton, will you not?"
Lban, the quintessential bully, hadn't quailed for cycles, but as he looked now at the third most powerful warrior of the warlord's army, he knew fear, well aware the haskar wouldn't hesitate to gut him like a fish, but only after he'd extracted every ounce of wanted information. He managed a creditable shrug.
"What do you want to know, my lord?"
"Who is Dase?"
"Lute's twin brother. They were identical." Kher made a soft sound in his throat.
"So he has a twin and an older brother, has he?"
"If they're alive," corrected Lban coldly.
"And you know the reason why they might not be, do you not, Commander?"
"Perhaps, my lord."
"I have plenty of time, Lban. I notice you refer to Luton as Lute. Why?"
"That's what he answered to."
"Then tell me what you know. Clearly you knew the children of Alfar. The family interests me."
Shrugging, Lban spoke uninterrupted, but when he paused he was questioned rigorously and repeatedly. There was no interest in Lban's voice. He spoke automatically. After a long pause, Kher eyed the commander thoughtfully.
"Now," he said, even more gently, "what had you to do with any of Luton's family that day, especially that boy?"
He had the satisfaction of seeing Lban's lip tighten. Kher dragged the truth from a most unwilling speaker. It came out piece by piece, the haskar's eyes implacably hardening as he listened. Another longer pause followed, while Lban filled their tankards with a hand that wasn't entirely steady, pushing Kher's to him across the table and grasping his own.
"Tell me, Lban, exactly and in detail, what was done to the boy."
The haskar listened, with pursed lips, to Lban's explicit description of the atrocities Luton was forced to witness. He made the commander be exact in detail, and, as he listened, in his mind's eye he saw a struggling, helpless boy with black, imploring eyes scream in utter terror and distressed anguish. He drank hastily from the tankard.
"And then?" he prompted Lban. Lban eyed the haskar speculatively.
"I recall the boy tried to die in the fire, but I wouldn't let him." His gaze at Kher intensified. "I knew he could talk and tell us where his sister was. The warlord wanted her very badly. The warriors roughed him up." Lban paused again. Kher thought that description was an understatement. "I remember a warrior took the boy back to your camp to make him speak. He wasn't a mute."
"No," concurred the haskar. "Luton was presumably found to genuinely be unable to speak. I imagine that was not a pleasant experience either." Lban shrugged. "He was repeatedly raped by warriors for their entertainment."
"The sufferings of war, Haskar," replied Lban indifferently. "That doesn't concern me."
"Perhaps," demurred Kher. "And then?"
"I had him picked out and assigned to a slave caravan. Presumably he was branded and taken south. He wasn't meant to survive. I selected the harshest barkashad I could find."
"These were your instructions from the warlord, Commander?"
"The boy was to die, yes, my lord. I gather few boys reached the slave market unless they were very pretty."
"Was Luton not an attractive child?"
"Yes, my lord, but he wasn't intended to survive any more than the rest of his family, pretty or otherwise. Only the sister was to live. How exactly did you find him? Was he still on the caravan?"
Kher studied Lban and didn't like what he saw. There was no compassion in the man. He didn't bother to answer the questions.
"And his elder brother, Commander? How were you involved?" Lban raised an eyebrow and that made the haskar smile patiently. "Do not tell me you were not, Commander. I am not a fool." Lban's smile was grim, but it didn't touch his eyes.
"I organised the attack on Sarehl. He was to die."
"Why do you say that?"
"I had orders from the warlord that Sarehl was to die. I saw him later, when he was badly wounded and dying. I told the warriors to take him out to the camp perimeter and leave him, so I imagine his death came, sooner or later. I never bothered to check for a corpse." Kher drew in his breath and didn't speak for a moment.
"And the boy's twin?"
"Like Lute, he should've died too. There was less importance attached to them. I sought the twin but never found him. Escaped perhaps - I don't know. I guess he's most likely dead as well as Sarehl."
"And the sister the warlord wanted?" persisted Kher, now thoroughly intrigued and sure Luton was of some significance, though he'd no idea why. He felt he grasped at elusive straws. "What of her?"
"Her name was Myme Chlo." Lban seemed to try to recall something, paused and then continued. "She never came back out of the forest - it was very strange."
"Tell me about it."
Again Kher listened, asking questions or demanding explanations. His interest and confusion grew. When Lban fell quiet, Kher leaned back in his chair considering him. He didn't speak for a long time.
"Were there any other brothers or sisters?" Lban nodded.
"Another younger brother. The warlord probably took him at one stage, because he was exceptionally pretty. His name was Bethel. After he was of use to the warlord, if he even made it to him, he was also to die. I guess he did. There were half-brothers." Kher drank deeply.
"Then," he murmured silkily, "we can assume that particular pretty brother is enslaved somewhere, in a southern boy harem, or more likely dead."
"Aye," agreed Lban, raising his tankard. "We can that, my lord."
"So," murmured Kher again, glancing across to Luton. "He is Luton, twin second son of Alfar and Melas."
"Aye," repeated Lban, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
"And we have you to thank, have we not, for our easy conquest of Ortok?" Lban's eyes glinted.
"Yes, Haskar, I opened the gates for the warlord."
"I see," mused Kher. "So, all the members of this one family, other than the girl, were to be executed and not to be given easy deaths. And this is what you were told to do?"
"Aye," agreed Lban. "Those were my orders."
"And the treatment meted out to Luton? And to the other brothers? Was the entire line to die?"
"I assume so. I did what was asked of me, my lord. It's war after all."
"But Ortok was not just part of a war, Commander. There was something else going on concerning this city. What you tell me is that one family was singled out over and above others, and I notice this city is utterly destroyed, in a way that suggests to me Ortok was selected for this attack for a specific reason." Lban shrugged.
"Maybe," he responded. "The warlord didn't tell me anything else."
"No." Kher paused contemplatively. "But you wanted them to suffer, did you not? You seem to have enjoyed your orders and have few feelings about what you did." Lban casually shrugged again and drank.
Kher's gaze descended on Lban again, but only for a moment. He transferred his stare to Luton who lounged back in a chair, his eyes remote, and a tankard held casually to the moulded lips. The young man would doubtless be unaffected by his history had he heard it. Kher accepted war was brutal and that the innocent were casualties, with atrocities committed by both warring factions.
That hadn't happened in Ortok. The city was betrayed and the citizens, undefended, slaughtered at will. He considered what was done to Luton and his family went beyond the normal atrocities associated with the sack of a city. These acts were barbarous, unpardonably vile and ferociously savage, as if the recipients were abominations. That they were meant to suffer was quite apparent. Kher was repelled and sickened by the scenes Lban so casually described, much of it abhorrent, even to the Churchik who were a fierce and cruel race. He wondered why one family was singled out for such pitiless destruction. It made him think very hard.
He continued to watch Luton. That the boy hadn't lost his mind was extraordinary. Now that Kher knew his background he wasn't surprised the boy became mute, the shock to him devastating and compounded by being torn from his other half, an identical twin. Kher thought Luton was an ironic tragedy. The boy's becoming mute, and trying to retain his sanity in a world become a horrific nightmare, actually led him irrevocably into the hands of the sorcerer who took mutes.
Kher saw Luton stare across at him and raised his tankard absently, seeing something akin to surprise in the dark eyes when the young man responded in like fashion. When he turned his head, the haskar saw Lban furtively studied the apprentice, but more especially the shade that hovered very close at the back of Luton's chair.
Kher wondered how much the loss of his twin affected Luton. Though twins were rare in the south, Kher's reading had taught him separated identical twins didn't easily survive, so the compassion Kher had felt for Luton from the early days deepened as he sat and observed the young man now. He felt pity and an even profounder grief for what his people had done to someone like Luton and his family. Suddenly the haskar no longer wanted to stay in Ortok. He spoke quietly to Lban.
"You have told me all I wish to know, Commander." Lban nodded.
"True, Haskar, but you have told me nothing."
"No, I have not," responded Kher.
He rose and strode across to join his men, aware, though, of the eyes that followed him. The expression on the commander's face was unpleasant. That evening when they retired, Kher spoke quietly to Han.
"You take first watch and organise the others." Han looked surprised but nodded, his eyes going back down the stairs they'd just climbed. Kher saw Luton look at him, a question in the big eyes. "You, boy," Kher said gently, "do not leave this room until we all rise. That is an order." Luton nodded.
"I wouldn't let him harm you, Kher," came the deep velvety voice. "He'd only reach you through me." Kher stood studying the tall figure for a long moment.
"I believe you," he said finally, pushing open a door.
~~~
In the morning, Kher took Luton on a ride about the wrecked city, the haskar thinking, again, what a very pretty city it must've been with its long avenues of mature trees, quite unlike the cities of the south that tended to be grand but more austere. He could see a boy growing up here, laughing, and young and as heedless as children were. There would've been freedom in a lovely natural environment that was most appealing.
He kept his eye on Luton while they rode, wondering if anything would trigger a response. As they progressed slowly from street to street, Kher could see a touch of curiosity in the dark eyes, Luton accepting what Kher told him of his birth here. No reaction showed in the young man, until they reached a narrower cobbled street.
Luton suddenly drew his horse to a halt, his eyes riveted to the burned out shell of a house. Kher stopped, too, his gaze at the young man intense. Luton sat very still for long minutes, then dismounted and ran round the back of the house. The grounds were overgrown but Kher arrived to see Luton on his knees, hands frantically pulling apart the very long undergrowth, and, when he crossed to Luton's side, he saw the young man's shaking hand trace the outline of what looked to the haskar like some sort of childish wooden maze. He watched, helpless to assist, as Luton put his head in his hands and crouched soundless for a very long time, before he turned, white-cheeked, and returned to the street. He mounted his horse and sat motionless again.
When Luton lifted his head and his eyes met Kher's, the warrior was startled to see black eyes alive with indescribable pain and anguish that seemed to come from the young man's very essence. Kher could do nothing, though his heart went out to Luton. The emotion passed as fast as it came. Luton quietly edged his horse forward.
"You lived here, boy, did you not?" Kher asked gently, when he caught up with Luton.
"I have no recollection," responded Luton, an odd uncertainty in his voice.
Kher felt unable to say more, but he didn't miss the lingering backward look Luton gave when they reached the corner and turned into a broader, leafier avenue. It was the first time the haskar saw feeling in Luton for long cycles. He didn't know whether to rejoice, or to be sad, because it deeply hurt the boy. His master would not have expected this reaction at all.
~~~
That evening Kher decided they'd move on the morrow and announced same to the commander. He thought he saw a flicker of relief in Lban's eyes but said nothing further. When they were eating, Luton, unusually for him, spoke out. Kher noticed how the commander flinched whenever Luton had anything to say.
"This is a place of shadows, Kher. When do we leave it?"
"What makes you say that, boy?" asked Emil, upending a bone and gnawing on it. Luton characteristically shrugged. "Does the city bother you?"
"No," came the monosyllabic reply.
"Do you remember anything of your birthplace, Lute?" asked Lban, too casually Kher thought.
"No."
"But you wish to leave?"
"As soon as possible." Luton looked across to Kher. "This city -." He broke off, carefully seeking words. "You speak of feeling an emotion called grief, Kher. If I've understood you, then I think that's what this city represents."
"Yes, boy," concurred the haskar, with a wry smile. "You have understood me very well. It is so."
"We'll miss your company," said Lban politely.
"No, you won't, Lban," said Luton, his cold dispassionate gaze settling on the commander. Luton had never spoken Lban's name, nor directly to him, and Kher saw it brought a shiver to the stocky man. "I don't know who you are, but you know me, don't you?"
"Aye."
"And not from the Keep?"
"No." Luton turned to face the commander directly. His voice was chilling and it made Kher and his men react by glancing involuntarily at each other.
"You and I'll meet again, Commander. There's a reckoning of one to the other. I know that, though not why. Look for me, because I'll be looking for you."
Luton turned back to his plate, head bent, so he didn't see how white Lban went, or how his hands shook when he picked up a tankard. Lban struggled to keep alive a conversation that dramatically died.
"That can't be, Lute. You're going north. I'm here." Luton lifted his head and his eyes were bleak.
"So will you go north," he said with finality. Lban began to shake his head, then stopped, his expression blank at the next words. "All those of the south who fight with the warlord will join up with his forces in the north. All men, Commander, and that includes you. And it will be very soon."
Luton speared Lban with words spoken softly and deliberately. Kher saw the master in the apprentice and gave a deep shiver. The shade was very close to Luton tonight, too, he thought, glancing down at it. Hollow eyes looked back up at him, so Kher hastily looked away. Lban stared at a young man he'd so grievously wronged.
"Are you a sorcerer now, Lute?"
"Why do you call me Lute?"
"That was the name you answered to once. Are you a sorcerer?" Luton's eyes bored through the commander.
"I'm Blach's apprentice. I obey him absolutely because he's my master."
"Aye and he's a sorcerer. What exactly are you?"
"One becomes the other," murmured Luton almost to himself. "You'll know soon enough. You shouldn't be in a hurry to learn the answer, Commander."
Kher decided all he'd learned about Luton and his entire family was something he'd not openly discuss with anyone, and that included the warlord.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

The only disturbance in Bethel's suddenly more tranquil life came with the presence of Alleghy, one of the last haskars to come north at the warlord's behest. Like the other young warriors, Bethel watched the elite arrive, day after day, his eyes wide with fascination. These men represented power and authority. They made Bethel feel awed and decidedly nervous, especially when he noticed Sarssen's deference in their presence. He felt his own insignificance all the more.
With the assembling of the elite, the warrior troops were broken up and formations altered and reorganised. Bethel gave an audible sigh of relief when he learned he was to be under new command, but this was immediately tempered when he was curtly told to report to Haskar Alleghy. To be under his authority could, Bethel mused, be worse than being under Bensar.
Bethel looked hard at the haskar while Alleghy lounged at his ease with other haskars in the warlord's pavilion. The haskar didn't notice the very tall, slight youth, a slave who crept forward at the flick of the fingers to refill goblets, but Bethel was aware of him.
Alleghy was as large as any Churchik warrior and equally forbidding. What Bethel most noticed about him was the joylessness of his expression and the sullen turn of the thin-lipped, cruel mouth. The eyes weren't as cold as the warlord's. They were jaundiced and calculating and roved from one elite warrior to another. That he was a man of vile temper and caprice was obvious, that he was a singularly dangerous man to cross, Bethel was sure. Being under a volatile and unpredictable authority gave Bethel some nervous qualms.
He also lost Luth's company and that bothered Bethel more than he expected. Luth made disgusted comments when he realised he was to stay with Bensar's troop and was so disgruntled and complained so loudly, Bethel had to laugh. He wondered how the haskar, now in charge of part of his troop, would react to him.
The snow came and set in. It made life increasingly unpleasant. Despite that, Bensar and other haskars still drilled the youngest warriors without mercy and they struggled to turn out every morning if the snow didn't make it impossible. Not to do so was foolhardy. Often the snow turned to slippery mush, or, as happened this particular morning, Bethel found it piled up overnight, putting pressure on the warlord's pavilion. It even snowed so heavily small piles of whiteness entered the pavilion itself. Bethel stood at the entrance staring out at the pristine, bleached landscape. It was beautiful but bitingly cold. He wondered how Jane fared, as he tried to make some headway through the drift in front of him.
It was apparent there'd be no manoeuvres this morning, so each elite warrior awaited his men impatiently so they could be ordered to help marshal and supervise slaves to shift very high snowdrifts that threatened the entire camp. Bethel finally reached Alleghy's pavilion, entered at the curt command and stood rigid in the way he was taught, hands clasped behind him and head bowed. He waited. The wait became almost unbearable, but he didn't dare lift his head.
"You!" said a deep, harsh voice. Bethel lifted his head.
"My lord?" he answered, with just the correct touch of deference. He noticed Alleghy wore a heavy scowl and the pale eyes scanned his figure in a hostile manner.
"Who in the name of the gods are you?"
"I am known as Warrior Beth, my lord."
"You are not a Churchik."
"No, my lord."
"Where are you from?"
"Further south, my lord." Bethel got the distinct impression he'd erred in some way and Alleghy could do him a mischief. Instinctively, he straightened himself.
"Who made a foreigner a warrior?"
"The warlord, my lord."
Alleghy drummed his fingers on the table in front of him, his eyes riveted to Bethel's face, some of the tension easing from him when he saw respect and a degree of apprehension in the purple eyes when they momentarily met his.
"Are you, too, a slave?"
Bethel was surprised by the question and even more by the deliberate stress on the word `too'. He couldn't think what prompted the enquiry, but answered quietly.
"Yes, my lord, I am a slave."
"To whom?"
"The warlord, my lord." Alleghy pursed his lips.
"You look very like a young man I should dearly like to meet again and kill, young warrior. He is from Ortok, I believe, and is the southern sorcerer's apprentice. Are you from the Samar States?"
Bethel didn't dare move a muscle. Everything in him screamed at him to deny his place of origin, even as he heard his obedient response of, "Yes, my lord."
"Are all you northmen so tall and dark then?"
"Some of us are, yes, my lord," came through extremely dry lips. Bethel licked them as of habit. Alleghy looked at him thoughtfully.
"Still, you are very like this Luton I speak of, certainly in colouring, but your eyes are not black. You have a quite different look about you now I study you." He paused, then added slowly. "So you are the warlord's boy, are you?" White with shock, Bethel scarcely dared to breathe.
"Yes, my lord," he said, taking a deep breath.
"How long have you been with him, warrior?"
"Eight cycles, my lord."
"How old were you when you became his slave, boy?"
"Not quite eleven cycles, my lord." Alleghy's eyebrows shot up.
"So he does fancy you then, does he not?" Bethel stayed still, while the haskar's eyes roved over him interestedly. "I can quite see why." There was amusement in the deep voice that made Bethel blush. Alleghy's appreciative look made him flinch. "You are a very, very pretty boy who has quite cut out Sarssen." Bethel sensibly kept quiet. "Do you always wear your hair so long, boy?"
"The warlord prefers that I do, my lord."
"I see. You are intelligent enough not to wear it loose as you do now, are you not?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Do not let me see it unplaited from the proper warrior queue again."
"No, my lord."
"Join Efaron's group. Slaves are clearing back from the main pavilions. Make yourself useful!"
"Yes, my lord."
Alleghy waved him away and Bethel couldn't leave fast enough. His mind was in turmoil and he knew he badly needed to talk to Sarssen. The news that yet another brother was alive was tempered by the knowledge that a sorcerer now had Lute and probably hurt the brother he'd always loved. Only the disciplines drilled into him over cycles kept him digging methodically as he assisted the slaves, his face expressionless as he heaved shovel after shovel of snow away to help make access around the warrior mess in the centre of the camp.
He worked steadily all morning, both shovelling and sorting slaves into shifts, so he could rest one group after another in a way alien to the Churchik. The slaves gratefully acknowledged his efforts. He was only granted a reprieve at midsun. While he sat and ate, he glanced around surreptitiously for Sarssen, but couldn't see him. Instead, Luth flopped down beside him. He swore at the cold, and, draping an affectionate arm over Bethel's shoulder, enquired after Alleghy, then muttered imprecations about the weather and elite commanders in general. While Luth drank and rambled, Bethel ate, interpolating comments wherever it seemed appropriate, his mind preoccupied and anxious.
As he drained his tankard, Bethel heard voices at the entrance and his head jerked round. He saw a large group of elite warriors, with tempkars, stride purposefully in, Sarssen among them. The latter was in discussion with a haskar, so Bethel's heart sank. He heard Luth say he had to go and followed his friend's example, thrust down his tankard and scrambled to his feet. As he did, he heard the swish of long black cloaks and stood absolutely still, head well down. When he neared Bethel, Sarssen spoke very softly but distinctly.
"Come to me when you are freed from duty, boy."
Bethel didn't speak; he waited until he was alone, then hastily left.
His afternoon was as tiring as the morning. Heavy snow started to fall again, making Bethel wonder if it would ever stop. No sooner had he sorted slaves to clear one channel, than they were ordered to return to work on one they dug earlier. The slaves struggled, one after another succumbing to the dreadful conditions, even those Bethel helped so much earlier in the day. He watched, helplessly, as first one slave, followed by another, sank to the ground and lay still. He was relieved, in an odd way, that for those slaves a life of hellish misery came quietly to almost a gentle end. He'd noticed how emaciated and half-starved they were, but no food he could secrete to them could save them. He said a mumbled Samar farewell to each slave that fell.
His movements got slower. The cold crept into Bethel's bones and numbed him. He found it difficult to concentrate on what he was doing and his movements become ever more drawn out. He stopped giving instructions to those near him. He came to a standstill. He was unaware of inactivity while he leaned helplessly on the shovel, his lips blue and no feeling in his hands. Snow floated about his stooped form.
He didn't hear someone yell at him. He couldn't see through the buffeting gusts of snow that shook him, his hands falling from the shovel when he hunched, only dimly aware he tried to crouch to be small. He fell to his knees. He sensed rough hands pull and push him and knew he was gripped and shaken very hard.
He found himself thrust on a mattress and was conscious a hand held a mug to his mouth. He sipped at the orlos, grasping the mug for warmth. His eyes dazedly opened. When sharply ordered to drink again, he obeyed. When furs were wrapped round him he thought how unnecessary they were, because the orlos made him sweat profusely. He tried to shrug off the skins but was told curtly to leave them alone. Again, his eyes closed. The mug was taken from slack hands. His head was tilted. Hot liquid scalded his tongue, but he gasped and swallowed because the liquid kept coming. Warmth returned. As it crept through him, Bethel became conscious of his surroundings and looked up to see Alleghy stand not far from him, watching him with a frown.
"What did you think you were doing, warrior?" he demanded. Bethel dripped with sweat, yet shivered so badly his teeth chattered.
"My lord," he began. "I was clearing snow, then I..." His voice trailed away. Alleghy continued to watch him.
"You are very thin to work in such conditions. You are also inadequately clad and should know better. In future you work under shelter."
"Yes, my lord," murmured Bethel through clenched teeth, his eyes closing in spite of himself.
"Much longer crouched out there and you would have died. Take it as a warning, warrior. You always keep active in extreme conditions and you dress for them as well."
With an effort, Bethel opened his eyes. He knew he was dismissed. He dragged himself to his feet and the furs fell from him as he wearily stumbled outside into blinding snow. How he found Jane he never knew. He just stood outside the partially obscured unsel, the cold sinking into him where he'd earlier sweated. He moaned at the pain of the cold.
The unsel flap was pulled back and Jane's head came out, surprise on the rugged face that changed instantly to consternation. Lute was out before Jane. He growled joyfully at Bethel's boots, jumped up at the tall figure, but became anxious at Bethel's stillness. He began to whine. Jane ordered the pup to quieten and, ears back, Lute did. Jane guided Bethel to a mattress, his eyes searching the white face.
"Gods, lad, you're frozen through. Mishak, hold that damned dog!"
Bethel couldn't speak. Jane realised how much Bethel had sweated when he finally had the damp clothes in his hands. He shook his head. Bethel shivered as if ague gripped him. The older man looked grimly at the sodden boots, icy water in the soles. The boots he pulled out for Bethel were very heavy, lined leather ones.
"What made you go out in light riding boots, lad?" he asked, in a despairing voice.
"I thought they'd drill us," mumbled Bethel.
Jane laced up Bethel's woollen over shirt tightly for extra warmth, then a jerkin followed, before Jane turned for a doublet.
"In this?" he asked incredulously.
"They have every other day in the snow." Jane looked at the soaked boots.
"What have you been doing all day?"
"Shovelling snow with slaves," responded Bethel in a stronger voice, hauling on the second boot with a sigh. "The slaves are dying in droves, Jane. They are so pitifully thin and have rags rather than clothes. I try to help because I know I could be one of them. They need junior warriors to oversee work, but I always work with them."
Jane looked hard at him, but made no comment. Bethel accepted a tankard from Mishak and pulled Lute into his lap, the dog eagerly licking the tousled curls.
"What have you been doing?"
"Sensibly, my lad, nothing at all," responded Jane, pushing Bethel and dog further up the mattress, until the youth lounged on cushions piled high behind him by Mishak. Jane draped furs about Bethel. Lute crept between the furs, his head now on Bethel's chest. Bethel gave another sigh as the last shiver subsided.
"I thank you, Jane," he said meekly, when he caught sight of the deep frown in Jane's eyes. His free hand caressed Lute.
"Lad, you could've died being so careless."
Bethel just shrank gratefully into the cushions. Mishak got an order and promptly disappeared. Jane sat back on his haunches, his countenance severe while he looked at the resting figure. Bethel opened his eyes. Jane gave a reluctant smile.
"I know, I know," admitted Bethel. "Haskar Alleghy told me so as well." When Bethel realised he'd have to explain and did so, he saw Jane's lips tighten. "Jane, I am not a child."
"No," agreed Jane, "but you're an uncommonly foolish young lad!"
Bethel relapsed into silence. Jane watched the young man snuggle under the furs, the dog firmly ensconced, and he turned away leaving Bethel to doze.
When Mishak returned, he carried a tray uncertainly balanced in very cold hands. Jane relieved him of it and told him to sit beside Bethel, who stretched and yawned. Bethel took one look at the white, shivering boy and pulled him under the covers, where Lute obligingly licked the snow from the young face and head.
"I t-thank you, m-my lord," stammered Mishak, gratefully snuggling under the furs, his teeth chattering.
"You are as cold as I am, are you not, boy?" Mishak nodded.
Jane took first one hot bowl, then another, handing them to the two young ones who grasped at them for warmth. Jane settled on another mattress, his eyes rested on the pair propped up by cushions, one very dark but pale, the other auburn-haired and gray-eyed. Mishak wasn't quite ten cycles, and, though more strongly built than Bethel, he was slender. Jane knew the boy was constantly cold. He could only smile as he looked at the young ones huddled under furs, feeding both themselves and the pup who lurched imploringly from one to the other. Jane grinned as he ate.
There was silence all round them, eerie in a camp usually so full of noise and activity. The snow had got heavier and muffled all sound, so it surprised them all when Sarssen suddenly appeared, stooped and entered. He was so big there was simply no room and he had to crouch, snow covering him from head to booted feet. He pushed back his hood. His glance took in Jane, who was clearly amused, then Bethel and Mishak comfortably ensconced with the dog, and his eyebrows went up. Mishak went to move, but Bethel's hand stayed him. Sarssen's eyes smiled.
"Very domestic," he observed.
Bethel held out his bowl. Sarssen took it, helped himself to several pieces of meat and chewing reflectively, shrugged off his cloak and sank onto the mattress next to Jane. He looked across at Bethel.
"Haskar Alleghy tells me you nearly chilled before, boy. That was unwise."
"It crept up on me, my lord," Bethel excused himself, holding back Lute who struggled to propel himself at the warrior and the bowl he held.
"Let him go, boy!" said Sarssen, his smile widening. He held out a morsel to Lute who snatched at it, big furry feet holding the meat flat on the mattress. "What a repellent animal you are," said Sarssen entertained. "You need to be taught manners!" He heard a boyish laugh and looked up at Mishak appraisingly. He saw the slave boy shrink back.
"The tempkar will not hurt you, Mishak," Bethel reassured him.
"He's a Churchik warrior," whispered Mishak, edging closer to Bethel.
"So, Mishak, am I," said Bethel quietly, putting an arm round the boy without conscious thought. Sarssen saw the gesture, but said nothing, aware of scared eyes.
"I will not hurt you, boy," he said quietly, his glance flickering to skinny, scarred arms that told him the child was beaten by other warriors. "And," he added amused, "you may laugh in my company whenever you wish. Your master does." Mishak gave Bethel an awed look, before going back to poke in his bowl. Sarssen's eyes rested briefly on Bethel. "Are you warm, boy?"
"Yes, my lord."
"Are those boots over there yours?" Bethel followed the warrior's glance and nodded reluctantly. When Sarssen leaned forward and tipped the icy water from them, the look he gave Bethel made the young man tense. "You deserve a sound hiding for wearing gear like that in these conditions. You are old enough to know better."
Bethel bent his head. Mishak stole a look, first at Bethel, and then at the warrior. Jane started to laugh.
"There, lad," he chuckled. "Didn't I tell you the same?" Bethel just hunched and meekly took back his bowl from Sarssen.
"Oh, aye," he mumbled, his eyes not holding the warrior's scrutiny. Sarssen rubbed his hands together and stretched.
"I am here for a reason, boy. When you finish your food, I wish you to accompany me to my pavilion - before you go to your master. There is something I wish to discuss with you."
Bethel made an immediate move but Sarssen's hand waved him back, the big warrior turning to Jane so he could talk quietly with him. Bethel lounged back comfortably and smiled at the slave boy endeavouring to teach Lute some manners. When Mishak finished with his bowl, he cuddled down further, his small body no longer shivering.
"Are you warm, Mishak?" The child nodded. Gray eyes looked up into purple ones and a small chilly hand touched one of Bethel's warmer ones. "You are to keep warm," said Bethel calmly. "You must keep Lute with you because he will give you additional heat."
Mishak nodded again and Bethel kept hold of the small hand that curled round his.
~~~
In Sarssen's pavilion Bethel pulled his heavy cloak more firmly round him before he obeyed the order to sit. The warrior kept his cloak on, too, Bethel noticed, though he'd never seen the big man shiver with the cold. He was handed a goblet and drank from it immediately, aware as he swallowed that the liquid was noticeably sweetened. He coughed, swallowed again, then looked across at Sarssen who sat likewise and now watched him with a slight frown furrowing his forehead.
"You still have a cough, boy. I thought you were well."
"Only sometimes. Being out in the cold brings it on and makes me ache."
"Today's effort would not help, would it?"
"No, my lord."
"Enough of that," commented Sarssen calmly. "I see you have attracted Haskar Alleghy's attention."
Bethel's gaze at the warrior was intense, the big eyes burning.
"Yes, my lord. I have another brother who is alive." He absently noticed Sarssen didn't show any sign of surprise.
"I am delighted you have, boy, but it creates difficulties. That is unfortunate under the circumstances, Beth."
"What circumstances, my lord?"
"Your brother's situation, Bethel."
"It is Lute, my lord, is it not?"
"It would seem so. It is inopportune you and he should be linked now because Alleghy's rage will spill over onto you. I will explain the basis for that shortly. It would be preferable the warlord make no link between you either. Has Haskar Alleghy seen you in the warlord's pavilion?"
"Not as such, my lord."
"Explain."
"They do not notice me, my lord, because I am always crouched at the far side of the pavilion and only go forward to fill goblets."
"And nothing has been said by either man when you are there?" Bethel shook his head. "And what was the Haskar's reaction to you when you presented yourself as a junior warrior?" Bethel recounted the conversation. Sarssen contemplated the ground thoughtfully.
Bethel stared at his boots, before saying jerkily, "The southern sorcerer has my brother and the warlord has me. They work together, do they not?" Sarssen's expression was inscrutable.
"What makes you say that, boy?" Bethel scuffed the ground.
"My lord, I listen to the talk and I know even the elite warriors obey the sorcerer because it is the warlord's wish. My master has entered my mind, so I always supposed that was a skill the sorcerer offered him for some reason."
"I see," was the placid comment. "And?"
"I know the sorcerer is to be feared above other men, my lord." Bethel's eyes filled with sudden tears. "He has Lute," he added in a whisper.
"So it seems, Beth, yes. And all you know about Lute, boy?"
"Haskar Alleghy," was the comprehensive response.
"Let me see, Beth," suggested the warrior gently. Even though Bethel had explained the conversation with the haskar, Sarssen wanted to see the older man's reaction for himself. Bethel let the green eyes absorb him - it was so often done, he no longer even thought about it, his mind opening to Sarssen with absolute trust. After only a moment he blinked and took another sip of the sweetened wine.
"There is more to it than that, boy," Sarssen said seriously.
"About the haskar wanting to kill Lute, my lord?"
"Let me tell you what I know, boy, then perhaps you will understand a little more." Sarssen drank deeply, pondering for a moment. "Your brother, Beth, was taken as a slave at Ortok -" He saw Bethel flinch and continued. "He was sent on one of the slave caravans. Some experience he endured, either on the caravan or before that, made him mute. He was not mute when you were a family together, was he, boy?"
"No," said Bethel in a stifled voice. "Neither was." Sarssen's eyebrow went up.
"Neither one what, Bethel?"
"Neither twin, my lord. Lute and Dase are identical twins." Sarssen's eyes rested thoughtfully on Bethel, then he went on.
"Somehow Blach found him - you know well now of whom I speak, do you not?"
"The southern sorcerer," whispered Bethel.
"Blach took the boy to his Keep where he," Sarssen paused, then continued smoothly, "manipulated your brother's mind. I can only guess what was done and you do not want to know, boy." Sarssen glanced at the anguished countenance. "He took Lute as his apprentice. As nearly as I have been able to gather, Lute, at seventeen or eighteen cycles, was sent to Chika to mate with Alleghy's daughter. She was only a child still, barely fifteen cycles I am told." There was an odd look on Sarssen's face but Bethel missed it. "It was an experience that left the girl badly scarred." He saw Bethel stare at him. "Your brother has no emotions, boy. Does that explain it to you?" Looking pale, Bethel nodded, a slender hand to his mouth.
"Lute raped her, my lord?"
"Repeatedly," came the unemotional reply.
"But Lute would not - he is so gentle -."
"You forget what the sorcerer made him," reminded Sarssen gently. He saw abhorrence in the purple eyes. "I know, boy," he added softly. "Let me finish. The girl conceived, as was the sorcerer's intent, and a daughter was born, the child to be sent to the Keep a few seasons after birth. Luton was already returned there with Haskar Kher as his guide."
"The elite warrior Kher?" whispered Bethel, his face quite white and eyes big. Sarssen nodded.
"From there, boy, things become a little blurred because there has been much gossip. The girl escaped with the child to the Sinhalien mountains and neither has been seen since. Alleghy's son challenged Luton in the desert, and, rumour has it, the apprentice is well able to take care of himself." Sarssen was very careful not to give any information to Bethel other than what was commonly known. The warrior knew considerably more of Luton and his current situation, and also knew a great deal about Soji through Adept melds with Setoni and Leon.
"And Lute, my lord. Is he a sorcerer now? Is there any of my brother in him?" The deep voice broke in mid-sentence.
"That, boy, I cannot tell you. It is known, however, that the boy has left the Keep, and, with Kher, is heading north. Presumably he will join this army."
"And the sorcerer?"
"Where the apprentice goes, Beth, so goes the master."
"So that is why Haskar Alleghy wants to kill Lute?"
"It seems so," agreed Sarssen, holding out his goblet.
"What does the sorcerer want with my brother and why are both coming north? Is it because Blach and my master..." Bethel's voice trailed away.
"Fill the goblets, boy." Bethel was on his feet instantly, his training over-riding any other emotion. He was so distraught, his hands shook. He heard Sarssen's voice behind him. "Do you look very like Lute, boy?" Bethel turned with the full goblets in his hands, crossed to the warrior and held out a goblet to him.
"I think we are all very alike, my lord," he answered uneasily. "Other than Brue we all have black curly hair, are tall, and have dark eyes. The twins have black eyes like my brother Sar, but I have purple and my sister had violet ones."
There was a long silence. Bethel grappled with the distressing and disturbing news of a brother he'd rough and tumbled with. Luton always laughed so much, his younger brother could only remember him as the merry boy with the teasing eyes, whereas Daxel's were wickedly inviting. Bethel bent his head into his hands. The warrior studied the forlorn figure. He mulled over what Bethel had told him, his suspicions about the brothers alarming him. His concern for the youth opposite was very real, not just because of the role this boy clearly had to play on Ambros, but because his affection for the deeply emotional and sensitive boy was profound.
"We have much to ponder, boy," he observed in a neutral tone, so Bethel was given a chance to recover. Bethel couldn't speak for a moment, then when he did, his voice was hoarse.
"Is Blach very powerful, my lord?"
As he responded, Sarssen's face was as grim as Bethel had seen it. The warrior had no intention of telling Bethel the truth of who the Conclave suspected had his brother.
"Extremely, boy. He could tear you and me apart quite easily despite all my training and all I have taught you."
"Does the warlord know about his power?" Though Sarssen was unsure, he answered in the affirmative.
"Undoubtedly, Beth."
"Why us, my lord?" asked Bethel, desperately licking his lips. "The warlord wishes to kill Sar, though he spoke only of containing him, Dase may be dead for all I know, and I have accepted Myme Chlo is also, but now there is Lute with the sorcerer and I am a slave of the warlord's. I believe we are all meant to be dead but for some odd reason are still alive, certainly Lute, Sar and me. Why?"
"Sheer coincidence," responded Sarssen promptly, in an effort to steer Bethel from a question that had puzzled him for quite some time.
That there was no coincidence, other than Bethel's falling into the warlord's hands, the warrior was certain. He even wondered about that. He'd also wondered how Bethel had lasted so long in the slave pens before Lodestok found him. He remembered Bethel saying those around him were taken away for caravans. He was always left behind, when he should've been on one of the first caravans going south, put aside and used for the duration of the journey south, but certainly kept alive as he was destined for a boy harem. He'd have fetched an inordinately high price, too, so was valuable merchandise. Sarssen also knew Daxel was alive, but in his difficult position he could say or do very little. He heard Bethel speak and turned his head.
"Will the warlord know?"
"Know what, boy?"
"That Lute is my brother?"
"Not yet." Sarssen drank deeply. "We must try to neutralise Alleghy in some way so he does not make the connection, certainly not yet. We need time, boy, we need time. I would rather little was said about the apprentice at all."
"What would the warlord do if he knew, my lord?" A wry smile twisted the warrior's mouth at the question.
"I am unsure, boy. He and Blach are very close. If Blach was permitted to use you, Beth, and believe me when I tell you he would know the depths of your talent simply by one look into your eyes, then the rewards for both would be enormous. Your talent melded with Luton's, boy - that worries me. Once your mind was used, Beth, your master would still have your body for pleasure, while Blach would have your talent and your essence. It would offer Blach immeasurably increased power. I am not sure our master would refuse him, not after how he used you over Sarehl."
His lips bloodless, Bethel threw down his goblet as he sprang to his feet.
"No!" he whispered fiercely. "Do not let this happen to me!" He flung himself at the warrior's feet. Sarssen gently touched the dark head.
"So you think I can stop this, boy, do you?" he asked, the twist to his mouth more pronounced. "Blach's power is beyond that of ordinary men, Beth. I am an Adept, no more, no less. I know my limits." He felt tremors shake Bethel and carefully lifted him to his knees.
"What can I do?" Bethel implored. "Tell me what to do!"
"Gently, boy," said Sarssen quietly. "To transfer you from Alleghy's troop would occasion comment. Has he seen you before today?" Bethel shook his head. "So there has been no time for general comment then, has there?" The dark head shook again. Bethel raised a white face.
"No, my lord," he managed.
Sarssen looked down. The compassion in his eyes deepened when he took in the lean cheeks, the fear, and, above all, the utter trust and faith in the velvet eyes that stared back up at him. It shook the warrior as little else did. He ran his hand over the young head in an unconscious gesture of reassurance and saw an immediate glow of response in the eyes, because it was Sarehl's gesture from the time Bethel was a very small child.
"Boy, no one will move this winter and by spring we will be well westward. There are many opportunities for us to come to decisions before your brother joins us - that is not an insoluble problem. I do not expect Blach here ahead of his apprentice. He will have his reasons for coming just after Luton. No," he went on thoughtfully, "we must do something about Alleghy." He saw the look in the dark eyes and began to chuckle. "No, boy," he admonished quietly, "not poison." Bethel's head went down again. "Have you drunk all your wine?"
"Yes, my lord," murmured Bethel, suddenly very tired. Sarssen glanced down at him.
"Then get us some more, boy," he suggested, giving Bethel a gentle push so the younger man rocked back on his heels, then rose.
Bethel sighed as he got to his feet, walked back to his chair and stooped to pick the goblet from the ground. When both held full goblets and it was clear Bethel regained some composure, Sarssen said mildly, "I did not mean to frighten you so, Beth. Merely, I wished to warn you." Bethel looked up from absently swirling his wine.
"You have done both, my lord."
The two sat quietly, each preoccupied, as they drank steadily. They stayed that way until Bethel finally upended his goblet to down the last of the wine. Sarssen contemplated him.
"You go direct to the warlord from here, do you not, boy?"
"Yes, my lord," he assented, on a sudden yawn.
"Well and good, Beth. It is possibly time you went to your master." It was earlier than Bethel usually went so, though he was puzzled, he was obedient. "And you stay in the pavilion, boy."
"No one, my lord," murmured Bethel, rising and hugging his cloak close, "would want to do anything on a night like this." Sarssen was already on his feet and at the pavilion entrance, a lantern in his hand. He held it high. "Is it still snowing, my lord?" asked Bethel, carefully placing the goblets on Sarssen's table.
"Heavily, boy." Sarssen came back purposefully and stood staring at Bethel. "I will go with you to your master."
"What will you do about Lute, my lord?"
Speaking softly and ignoring the question, Sarssen said, "Look at me, Beth."
Involuntarily Bethel did, the contact held for seconds, before Bethel blinked and shivered and had forgotten his fears about either Alleghy or Luton. Without a word, Sarssen pushed him to the entrance, picking up the lantern again as he followed. Outside, the cold was cruelly raw and Bethel hauled his hood as close about his face as he could, surprised when he heard the warrior speak next to him.
"You do not leave your master's pavilion tonight, boy. Is that absolutely clear?"
"If you say so, my lord."
"I do, boy. Keep moving."
Bethel thought the snow looked lovely in the lantern light but the cold bit at him and he was more than willing to move. Sarssen left him after he deliberately pushed the youth into the warlord's pavilion. The warlord lounged on the bed reading when Bethel stumbled in, looked up surprised, closed the book and placed it on the table.
"This is an unexpected pleasure, boy. You do not usually come so early."
"It is snowing so heavily, my lord, I thought I should come now."
"How delightful," said the cold, silky voice. "Remove your cloak, boy."
Bethel obeyed. He watched, with resignation, as the warlord flung back the furs that covered him and hauled himself higher on the cushions. Bethel crossed the pavilion to the bed and took the hand held out to him, falling back onto the cushions. The warlord lounged indolently beside him.
"I was becoming bored, boy, so your arrival is timely, is it not?"
"Yes, my lord," whispered Bethel. He suppressed another deeper yawn, aware of a head bent to his.
~~~
Sarssen paused outside a pavilion not far from the warlord's. They were set out in strict order of precedence, so Alleghy's was close. The warrior requested permission to enter. Hearing no response, Sarssen stooped and entered.
Alleghy was stretched out on his bed, wrapped very soundly in layers of furs. He'd obviously been drinking, because his breathing was heavy and a limp wineskin lay on the table beside the bed. Sarssen looked down at his father for a long moment. The vision of his dying mother rose so vividly in his mind it nearly choked him and he could think of nothing else, then he was on the warlord's bed for the first time and the sharp agony of that caught and shook him. Ruthlessly, he forced his mind to clear. He lifted up the used goblet, shook powder into it, then upended the skin to empty the remaining contents into the goblet.
Then he moved swiftly back to the entrance. He knocked an unsel pole so that it rattled very loudly. There was a lantern at the unsel entrance that lighted him, so he stood well back from it. Alleghy came to with a start, swearing and bleary-eyed as he pulled himself into a sitting position. He spoke sharply.
"Who the devil is it out there? Show yourself, now!" Sarssen moved forward so the lantern highlighted him. The haskar half rose, his left hand on his knife belt. "What the hells are you doing, you cursed slave?"
"I am on my way to my pavilion, my lord, from seeing the warlord. I heard a noise outside your pavilion as I was passing. I did not mean to wake you, my lord. I apologise for disturbing you and will leave you to your rest." Alleghy hauled himself higher and yanked a fur about himself.
"Come and hand me my goblet and make yourself useful since you are here."
Sarssen entered the pavilion. He saw the haskar relax back onto an elbow and eye him sourly. He went to one knee, lifted the goblet and held it out, the posture that of the submissive slave. It was snatched from him without thanks. The haskar took a long draught from it.
"What do you think you gain from being a senior warrior?" he snarled, his fingers clenched round the goblet and an ugly look on his face.
"Nothing, my lord. I repeat that I heard a noise outside your pavilion. I was only passing." Sarssen backed to a respectful distance.
"You!" spat Alleghy. "When did you ever care what might happen to me, boy?" Sarssen stood still, watching while Alleghy upended the goblet and leaned across to the limp skin to shake it.
"I see you are well, my lord, and do not need further assistance. I beg to leave."
"You leave at my order, boy, and not before." Alleghy glared at him. "How do you find life with your master now, slave love-boy?" he jibed spitefully. "Especially since you are displaced by another?" A darkling look came into the pale eyes. "I wonder about that boy of the warlord's, I really do."
"He is a slave as I am, my lord. I am content to be a warrior."
"I do not have cause to remember you well, boy, do I?" Still Sarssen didn't move and he stayed quiet. "Do you recall Norsham, Sarssen?" Sarssen nodded.
"Yes, my lord. You sent me to the warlord with bad news. I, too, remember that."
"You needed to learn your place, slave. Correc has often said so. Do you think being a warrior makes you immune to us, boy?"
"No," responded Sarssen. "I shall remember my slave status until the day I die."
"You were a gift to the warlord to be used and despatched. You were not intended to survive. Bring me over the full wineskin from the far table." Sarssen obeyed and bowed as he knelt to give it to the now relaxed haskar. "Fill the goblet." Sarssen did so. He stayed impassive. "You may now leave. Your presence is an offence. It always has been."
Sarssen moved back a little way as the haskar drank deeply, several times, sighed, tried to get to his feet, then, unable to, sank back on the cushions, his eyes suddenly alert and suspicious. Sarssen was motionless.
"The wine, boy," Alleghy said, in a slurred voice. "Gods, have you come to get your own back?"
"No, my lord. There is nothing in the wine that will harm you."
Sarssen still made no effort to move. He just watched. Paralysis crept inexorably over the haskar, even though he tried to protest. He found he couldn't speak. His lips barely moved. The only part of him that could still fully respond were pale blue eyes. Sarssen crossed and knelt beside him, the older warrior's head held between his hands. His darkening green eyes met the pale ones and, unwillingly, Alleghy had to succumb to the power of his son.
Sarssen was thorough. He erased all trace of who Luton was. He left the vague impression that a northman, under duress from his master, had taken Alleghy's unwilling daughter, Sarssen making quite sure the name Luton would evoke little in the haskar other than contempt. There'd be no recall of Luton's appearance and therefore no physical connection with the young Samar warrior in the haskar's troop. Sarssen just hoped no one of power, beyond a level two, would enter Alleghy's mind to witness the subtle tampering, done with finesse and a surprising degree of gentleness from a man who'd no cause to love the older warrior. Sarssen withdrew from his father's mind, carefully drawing a blank over the haskar's activities that night, including the presence of his eldest son. Alleghy would only recall going to rest in his pavilion. He left Alleghy snoring heavily in a deep slumber.
Walking from the pavilion and blinded by the snow, Sarssen saw, in his mind's eye, Bethel's agonised face and his complete trust and faith in the warrior's ability to help him. He felt woefully inadequate. This strangely powerful emotion he felt for the Samar boy ran very deep and Sarssen realised, ruefully, it had crept up on him over the cycles, until he felt a real desire to shield Bethel from all harm. He was, therefore, profoundly disturbed by the news of Luton. Here was one who could only be described as an unknown quantity. He could unwittingly endanger his younger brother. Sarssen was even more alarmed about Blach.
When he finally stumbled into his own pavilion, stamped the snow from his boots and shook it from his hood, he sank to the mat in the centre of the pavilion. He quietly sent to the Mishtok. He wished to know exactly where Luton was and whether or not Blach had moved. Only then could he consider the options regarding Bethel. He waited, aware, with a sudden ironic grin, that Bethel hadn't named his beloved dog after an instrument at all - he was named for a brother.
~~~
Bethel saw little of Alleghy over the subsequent weeks because the snows didn't relent and there were no drills and no manoeuvres. Every day he was kept busy from sun up to sun down, mostly supervising slaves in the kitchens.
Slaves died by the dozen, day after day, their loss sorely felt by those left behind who had to replace them. The snow came in waves for hours at a time, then, in the breaks, anything that had to be done was carried out quickly and efficiently. The blizzards were appalling. Anyone caught out in one for any length of time, died. If the snow didn't fall, the skies were uniformly grey and dark because daylight was short. Bethel began to wonder if the thaw would ever come.
When the snow passed, to be succeeded by never-ending storms of icy winds and biting squally rain, Bethel was nineteen cycles. The snow turned to slush, and the slush to ankle deep mud. Bethel thought he'd seldom seen such misery as people huddled under whatever protection they could find. His heart went out to the slaves who'd survived the snow and were now confronted with this. Again, slaves died. Hundreds didn't survive the snow. Many more succumbed now.
He visited his men every day, and, since he'd developed a gallows humour that appealed to these men, he entertained them enormously. He always left them cheered. Kel grinned at him appreciatively. Lute was now a large, shaggy dog of indeterminate breed, fiercely loyal to Bethel and, though wary of the Churchik, he developed faith in Sarssen, so much so that whenever the warrior appeared Lute fell on his back. He waved his feet ludicrously in the air and invited Sarssen to scratch his tummy.
By the time the weather turned for the better and regular drills began again, Bethel became aware Alleghy didn't seem to notice him other than as a very young warrior. He asked Sarssen about it and got an eloquent shrug and a brief comment.
"Be thankful, boy. No one wants a haskar eye on him if he has any sense."
Bethel puzzled over it for a few days then forgot it, too busy to think of other than being the warlord's slave and concerned for his men. With the approach of spring, the army began to reorganise itself for another push to the west, where the northern army would move closer to the Chasa Mountains.
Sarssen noticed Bethel no longer worried about his brother or the sorcerer, never mentioning either of them. He made no attempt to remind him. The mind blocks stayed firmly in place. Sarssen just watched the young man from a distance, thinking how well-adjusted Bethel had become and hoped the relative tranquillity the boy now enjoyed would last for a while.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

When Kher, with his warriors and Luton, left Ortok, they decided to take the faster route of travel through the forest rather than skirt it. Kher doubted there'd be many refugees left in the forest and Lban assured them the sweeps they'd done showed no organised groups there, all able-bodied folk long gone to join the northern cause. The haskar just hoped that, if there were any survivors, they would recognise Luton.
Just at the verge of the forest, Luton drew his horse to a halt at a small copse of trees. He stopped, Kher noticed, at the second small grouping of trees, his dark eyes still bleak but also faintly curious.
"What is it, boy?" Luton's voice sounded flat.
"Nothing, I just..."
The deep voice trailed away as Luton spurred his horse forward, almost reluctantly. Kher wondered what the young man sensed and was conscious the tall figure hunched itself.
The forest was huge and cool. Kher noticed Luton's shoulders untensed the further they rode into it. He also saw the eyes perceptibly lighten. This surprised the haskar because he could see nothing in the forest depths that would make Luton feel any different, while he was personally aware of a dank chill the deeper in they went and that in spite of it being late spring. Luton obviously felt different, so Kher decided to keep a judicious eye on him.
That evening they were well into the forest and, to begin with, headed in a north-westerly direction. They made reasonable progress but didn't push the horses hard, just letting them go at a relaxed walk. It was a mostly pleasant ride, the dappled track followed effortlessly, and Luton completely at ease as he sat his mount quite casually, cloak thrown back off his chest. Kher called an early halt to set camp.
"Do not cut trees," he warned. "There is plenty of wood lying around for fires."
Luton collected the reins from each warrior and quietly took the horses down to the stream to drink. He crouched at the edge, his boot gently scuffing at the moss on the stones, before he gathered up the reins again and took the horses back up the bank to tether them to trees near where camp was being set. He gave them feed, brushed them down, then came back with a light footstep and eyes that were very alert. Kher glanced quickly up at the young face before Luton threw himself on the ground.
"I'm hungry!" he announced.
"Food takes time to cook, boy," growled Abek.
"I know," responded Luton. He let himself fall back onto his elbows, gave a sigh and, with a word of thanks, quickly accepted a brimming tankard that Lus handed across to him. He lay in the cushion of ferns and sighed again. Kher turned his head.
"What is it, boy?"
"Forests," answered Luton promptly. "The mountain forests were nothing like this."
"We have no forests such as this in the south, Luton," remarked Kher, looking about him. "Cycles ago men cut them down. This one is ancient and very beautiful." Luton nodded and took a long draught of the badran.
"It's at peace," he murmured, putting the tankard down and rolling onto his stomach.
"And are you, my young friend?"
"As much as a slave who can't feel can be, yes, Kher, I am," was the quiet reply.
"That is very good," said Kher nodding, a smile touching his eyes as they dwelled on the sprawled out figure.
~~~
They were in a small clearing of less mature trees. Under foot were ferns, small shrubs, and grasses that sprang up after being trodden on. Between them were clumps of small yellow flowers. The trail they followed was old and worn, with gnarled roots that stood up against dense, packed earth. The open glade where they camped saw the last of the sun as twilight came swiftly. Attracted by the fire, insects that were clearly novel to Luton, darted in the air about them. Kher noticed that all the naked trees that made up a part of this huge forest were in leaf or in bud, the air breathless and surprisingly chill.
Even so, Kher was suddenly aware Luton wasn't habitually shivering. He also saw that the shade was quite some distance away; in fact it was over by Luton's horse. Kher hadn't ever seen it that far distant before. Again the haskar looked around him. He could see nothing that should affect Luton, because all he could see were trees and the men crouching round a fire. The haskar decided, stealing a long look at the youthful profile, that Luton had never been so calm either. The shoulders weren't defensively hunched and the long slender fingers quietly stripped leaves. Kher just watched, fascinated.
The next morning, Luton had the horses saddled and ready well before they were needed. His eyes were still bright and alert and there was unusual energy about him. Luton usually moved with weary and languid grace - this morning he bounded round like an energetic puppy. Kher smiled and shook his head when he saw the warriors eye Luton askance. Shrugging, his men took their horses and mounted.
When they left the glades for the filtered sunlight of the denser forest, Kher shivered with the feeling of damp cool in the air. However, when he looked across at Luton riding beside him, he saw the young man had thrown his cloak back so the light breeze caught at it as he rode. He didn't shiver and looked comfortable. The other warriors obviously felt the chill but nobody said anything, Lus merely muttering to himself and pulling his cloak around himself more firmly.
The forest canopy became denser. It made the trail gloomier and by later in the day they found little sunlight pierced through to touch them, what glints did get through not enough to relieve the chill. Kher became watchful, but Luton rode heedlessly.
The trail began an incline several miles back, the bank below them getting steeper, to the point that Kher couldn't see clearly down into the deepening valley, because bush was too dense. The path got muddier too and the horses had to be guided around slippery patches. The upper bank beside them was more sparsely covered in mossy ground cover and lichens. Water dripped slowly from the bank to the edge of the path. There was no bird-song. Even the insects had gone.
The trail wound on endlessly into the distance, so by early evening Kher signalled a halt in a small clearing. He and his four warriors slid thankfully to the damp ground. Luton leapt from his horse, his eyes still startlingly bright and alive.
"We will camp here," stated Kher. "It looks like an even longer ride tomorrow."
"Gods, but it's dark and cold," mumbled Emil, stamping his feet. Luton gave him an odd look as he took the reins from the warrior but he said nothing.
"You are used to the south," teased Han, as he too handed his reins to Luton. "I thank you, boy."
"It looks even gloomier ahead," observed Kher, a slightly malicious smile in his eyes as they rested on Emil. "You have a very long ride ahead of you, Acedar. It is a huge forest that takes us to the very northern edge of the Samar States and the last city-state called Lenten."
"I can see that, my lord," muttered Emil.
"The boy seems in his element though, does he not?" mused Kher, watching Luton lead the horses from the clearing to a brook they'd passed only minutes before.
"Yes, my lord," agreed Lus, gritting his teeth when the breeze blew his cloak back.
"What you need, men," suggested Kher, with a broadening smile, "is a fire."
While the warriors sat huddled about the fire, Kher watched Luton. The young man sat gracefully at his ease, cross-legged, his fingers twining thoughtfully through his hair. He couldn't know it, but at that moment Ensore could've mistaken Luton for his twin. For a slave who had no emotions, the dark eyes were expressive, deep and vital. They stared at nothing in particular but they showed that Luton had life. Kher could only remember the coldness, the curiosity and the terror, but these eyes showed none of those emotions. They were so alive they mesmerised.
Luton ate very well for one who usually ate sparingly and he handed his plate back to Abek for more, before sprawling out lazily on the soft ground, his head back as he stared up at the night sky.
"Tell me about the constellations, Kher," he said invitingly. Kher looked down at him with a smile, remembering doing exactly that cycles ago in the desert. Quietly, he leaned back on an elbow and began to teach the young man again, outlining shapes and the reasons behind the names of many stars. When the haskar paused and drank from his tankard, Luton spoke.
"Are you a scholar, Kher?"
Surprised, the haskar swallowed hastily and coughed. Clearing his throat, he turned back to study the figure now sprawled on the stomach.
"I would not call myself that, boy, but I read avidly and I study the past with interest. It fascinates me."
"I think you're a learned man," observed Luton, plucking at a fern and nibbling experimentally on it. He grimaced and threw it away.
"In other circumstances, Luton, I would have wished to pursue scholarly interests, but I was born to be a Saratquan and a warrior. I could not be both."
"What's a Saratquan?" Luton rolled onto his side, his eyes staring up at the haskar.
"I am a ruler of city-states in the south, boy."
"Are these warriors from there?"
"Yes, boy, they owe allegiance to me and to the warlord. I owe loyalty to the warlord as well."
"I must obey my master. Is it so different?"
"In so far as our actions are dictated by those over us, Luton, no, I guess not."
"Only you're not a slave."
"No," agreed Kher gently. "I am not a slave."
"Do you believe in any gods, Kher?" came the next question.
The haskar was unused to sustained conversations with one who was usually taciturn and the question was so unexpected it startled him. He had to think for a few moments.
"All races believe in something," he temporised. He saw the large eyes widen a little.
"But do you, Kher, believe in any gods?"
"Yes, boy," breathed Kher, looking up into the sky. "I believe I do."
"I was taught not to," said the velvety voice.
"By whom?"
"By my master. He said the gods are for the credulous and the weak."
"Perhaps, Luton."
"You're not credulous. Are you weak, Kher?" Kher's glance was held by those black eyes, almost he suspected, in gentle mockery.
"Some may think so," he responded honestly.
"I don't believe so," came the deep voice very softly. "I think you're an unusual Churchik warrior, Kher."
Luton lapsed into silence. Kher looked beyond him to the shade that appeared increasingly insubstantial - it was a wraith that clung to Luton's horse. Kher noticed that wherever possible it avoided the trees, where Luton was drawn to them. He was left wondering.
After a short rest, during which Luton flung himself back onto his stomach and put his head down on his arms, he unexpectedly rose and pointed back along the trail. Kher nodded.
"Wandering again, are you, boy?"
Luton shrugged as he turned. Kher watched the shade. It followed Luton with an effort, recoiling when it nearly came in contact with the trees. Then it disappeared.
Luton walked only a short distance, attracted by the trees but unsure why. He sat on the trail, his hand against the rough bark of a huge and majestically ancient tree that stood on the edge of the path. Some of its enormous exposed roots trailed down the lower bank to fade into soil further down.
When Luton put his hand to the tree he was magnetically drawn to touch it with both hands, a warmth he couldn't understand spreading through him. He tried hard to draw back his hands, but found that impossible. When he glanced down at the path he was on, he saw it was gone, and, where it'd been was a huge, hairy creature that reminded Luton of a very large dog. It had yellowed fangs, a white muzzle that suggested extremely advanced age, and it had a lop-sided grin. It regarded Luton intently. Luton stared back at it, his hands still held to the tree. When he looked beyond the creature, he saw there were now three paths where before there'd been only one. One went directly ahead, but the other two forked to left and right. Luton mulled over this.
For some reason the huge creature didn't frighten him. He decided to squat, his hands sliding down the trunk as he went. Still grinning amiably, the creature sat as well. It made no move towards Luton.
"If," began Luton tentatively, measuring the enormous canine cautiously, "I'm harmless to you, does that mean you're harmless to me?" The creature's grin broadened, but there was no answer. Luton tried again. "Can you speak to me?"
"Of course I can speak," came a very deep drawl.
"Are you harmless to me?"
"That depends." The creature licked its chops but still Luton wasn't bothered.
"What are you?"
"I'm a shagi."
"Where do you live?"
"In the forest."
"Where in the forest?"
"Within the tree you hold."
"Why are you here?"
"Watching."
"For what?"
"I watch the paths."
Luton paused and sank onto the ground. He eyed the shaggy head uncertainly.
"Do you have choices?"
"That depends on the situation."
"But you watch me choose?"
"I didn't say that, did I?"
"Why do you watch me then?"
"Reaction follows action."
"Is that good for me or bad?"
"You decide."
"How can I, when I don't know what the choices are?"
"Find out for yourself."
"How," demanded Luton, "can I find out, without taking one trail that could well be wrong?"
"I only monitor those who come."
"Does my survival depend on it?" As soon as Luton asked the question he knew it was a silly one, but he wanted a direct answer. He sighed. Now he sank lower, hands still touching the bark.
"Of course."
"Can you help me?"
"Why should I?" Luton had to acknowledge the justice of that question, but he persevered.
"Do you ever help anyone?"
"It's not my function."
"Have you ever helped anyone?"
"Help's a matter of reciprocity," came the evasive answer. "That's for you to find out."
"I can't go further until I solve this, can I?"
"No."
Luton reflected on that and gave a deeper sigh, while the creature shifted his haunches to a more comfortable position. His tongue lolled out and he licked his chops contemplatively. Luton still didn't feel especially threatened.
"I'd offer help if it was needed," he offered quietly.
"What help do I need from you, boy-thing?"
"We all need help at times."
"But I don't need it, whereas you think you do."
"If you were to help me now, then in time I'd respond to your call for assistance."
"We speak of now, not later."
"Can't you see beyond now?"
"No."
"So everything's now."
"Yes, of course it is. There is no later."
"I know there'll be a later."
"How?" demanded the shagi, grinning.
"I can't answer that," admitted Luton, his confession making him feel foolish.
"You're very sure, boy-thing. Is all so clear to you then?"
"No," said Luton hurriedly. He thought, then added, "So I'd have to offer help now?"
"Yes."
"But it wouldn't necessarily assist me even so?"
"True."
"And you say you need no help so that makes the offer pointless." The shagi panted gently. "And now is all there is?"
"You take a long time to understand." There was the faintest tinge of impatience, almost a growl, in the deep voice.
"What can I offer, or do, to get beyond where we are now?"
"It's for you to find out."
"Who sent you to watch me?"
"Seek the answer within," came the reply.
"I'm not getting very far, am I?" asked Luton ruefully.
"No."
"Because I ask the wrong questions?"
"Possibly."
Luton lapsed into a long silence, mulling thoughts over and discarding answers that were clearly irrelevant, all the while regarding the shaggy creature with interest. Eventually he closed his eyes and stayed that way. When he opened his eyes again, he saw the canine entity still gently panted in front of him.
"You say you're here to watch me."
"Yes."
"Is it to actually see what I choose?"
"Some may think so."
"And you can only give an answer to a direct question that follows a certain train of thought?"
"Maybe." Luton's eyes lit up and his mouth curled into a delighted smile.
"No," he said calmly. "You're wrong."
"How so?"
"I have you," murmured Luton. "You can watch me, yes, but you can't watch me choose because you don't know what choice is. You can't monitor that which doesn't exist for you, can you? And as I may choose, it suggests a future for me, whereas you say there is no later and everything is now. Only the moment of my choice is now."
The canine shimmered. The last Luton saw of it was a final lick of the chops that seemed to hang briefly in front of him, then, at the moment the canine disappeared, Luton felt himself absorbed into the tree to which he still clung, the power taking him effortlessly. He had no inclination to fight it. He seemed to lose his identity in becoming part of this fiercely powerful being. He let himself go.
He became the vast, sprawling root system grounded in solid earth; he was the enormous girth that was the result of cycles of maturity and survival; he spread along uppermost branches that seemed to reach to the very sky. A deep rumbling sound shook all parts of Luton's being.
"I'm ancient, boy. Do you seek to break free of me?"
Luton sought for a part of himself with which he could respond, and, finally, through sheer will-power, he found his essence and held to that. He opened his mind to the tree. Its sentience entered his, and, as it did, Luton saw the tree-shagi symbiosis as it had evolved over many hundreds of cycles. There was a more gentle two-way exploration as the minds melded and Luton tried to understand and accept, only vaguely aware of humming through the soles of his feet. He saw the shagi, through his awareness, as part of the tree.
Then, with shock, he realised he'd translated himself, in his spiritual entirety, into being a part-spirit of both shagi and tree. He was conscious he now looked through the shagi's eyes, but the knowledge didn't trouble him. Not far from him, but below him, half-lay a very tall, gaunt young man, black-bearded and with unplaited and tousled curls. The expression on the face was remote but the pose was very relaxed, the young man's hands clasped round the trunk of an old gnarled tree. Luton sensed both amusement at, and affection for, the boy in the entity he'd partially become. He spoke.
"Do you exist, or am I dreaming?"
"You don't dream, boy, because you can't rest. Do you exist yourself?" There was a teasing note to the rumbling voice in Luton's mind.
"I don't know if I exist or not."
"As we do, so do you, boy. You're become us."
"By us, do you mean you and the shagi."
"Not entirely."
"On what plane do we exist?"
"On whatever plane you wish, boy." Luton sensed the dry humour and responded to it.
"So I'm here, yet not here?"
"Perhaps, child, perhaps."
"You're on the edge of the path though, aren't you?"
"Watching you choose your path," corrected the tree-shagi entity.
"This is important, isn't it?"
"For you it is, yes."
"And for you?" asked Luton quietly. He felt the perceptible hesitation.
"It has become so for us now, yes."
"Can you advise me?"
"We lack the arrogance to do so."
"Does everyone who has to choose have their own path?"
"Not everyone who comes sees the paths, boy. Unlike most, you do. That's unusual in one so very young." Luton hesitated.
"What's right for one isn't necessarily right for me."
"That's so."
"Have you a name?" The shagi laughed in Luton's mind.
"I answer to Carob." There was a pause and then, "And you call yourself Luton. Isn't that so, boy?"
"Yes," answered Luton.
"And you've come from the Keep?"
"Yes."
"And you're going?"
"Where I'm sent."
"Have you no will of your own, child?"
"I'm a slave."
"That's merely a state of being," mocked the rumbling voice. "You're beyond that, aren't you?"
"Maybe."
"You're a mage's apprentice, aren't you?"
"Yes, Harth told me that."
"How much has Malekim taught you, boy?"
"My master's called Blach."
"No, boy, your master is Malekim."
Once again Luton's being was submerged in the tree symbiosis and he freely gave what was sought, only feeling a gusty sigh that shook him when the voice resumed the conversation.
"Who am I?" he asked, in a very small and uncertain voice. He let himself drift and then felt the warmth seep through him again.
"Such a battered essence you have, boy," came the voice gently. "We understand you, child of woe made a child of the dark. You could learn wisdom and enhance your youthful power. Don't throw such a gift away, but learn to cherish it. Abuse it and you forfeit any right to it, just as your master's done."
"I don't understand."
"In time, boy, you will. The time's not now."
"Whom do you serve, Ancient Ones?"
"Mostly ourselves," was the immediate response.
"No one else?"
There was no answer to that. Luton knew the moment had come. He looked through Carob's eyes at the three paths. He saw the path he had to follow, narrow, overgrown and it looked cold and uninviting, whereas the other two paths forked cheerfully and sunlit, to left and right. They looked easy, broad, leafy and comfortable, but, reluctantly, Luton made himself choose the centre one. He knew it was his choice and that he'd abide by it. He sighed deeply. Then he felt an approving glow that suffused him.
"He knows," crooned one deep voice.
"He is chosen," said another, with affectionate respect.
"He has chosen," breathed another with satisfaction. Luton felt the presence quietly and inexorably withdraw, though he didn't wish it to. Only a sense of strength remained that buoyed him.
"I'm Carob, boy, and I'll be with you, though you won't see me and will only recognise me when you call. We offer you that much. Remember when the time comes. Sleep, boy, sleep."
When Luton's mind and body joined, his hands slipped from the tree and he fell back against the trunk, his body completely at rest. He slept as he'd not done since Ortok. The shade was nowhere to be seen.
Kher found him twenty minutes later. Since they entered the forest, it was unlike Luton to be gone so long, and the haskar became increasingly concerned because darkness would fall very soon. He walked quickly back along the trail for a good two miles without sighting the young man and turned thoughtfully, his anxiety heightened. On his return, he almost stumbled over Luton. Swearing at himself for missing Luton the first time, Kher stopped and stooping, touched the recumbent form on the shoulder. He dropped to one knee, a gentle hand touching the dark curls.
Luton stirred. He opened his eyes. Kher was overwhelmed by the life and sense in the lovely black eyes that were clear and shone. He was even more surprised when, for the very first time, Luton smiled up at him, the moulded lips curling in welcome. Kher caught the young man in very strong arms and held him close, before he lifted Luton to his feet and released him, his pale eyes moist as he looked at the young man. Luton stared back, eyes deep and unreadable.
"Come, boy," ordered Kher, in a shaken but authoritative voice. "It is late and cold." Luton nodded and turned to go. Kher touched him again and there was no flinch, just contented acceptance. "It gives me joy to see you smile, boy. You have never done so." Luton took the other hand held out to him. He spoke in a confused voice.
"I can feel, Kher. I don't understand. It's so odd."
"Can you remember anything, Luton?"
"Other than being a slave and leaving the Keep?" Luton stood still, considering. "No," he said finally, "but I can feel now."
"Then that, boy, is all that matters."
"You care deeply for me, don't you?"
"Yes," answered Kher honestly. "I think you are a remarkable boy. Come now." He gave Luton a little shove towards the camp, but didn't see the shade that trailed quite some distance behind.
~~~
The next day was a revelation for Kher and the warriors. They were startled awake by Luton whistling, and were then stunned to see him leap about the camp like a boy, a smile on his face and his eyes sparkling. Han just stared at the young man who stooped and handed him a tankard, while the others, in total disbelief, went down to the river to wash. The tankard drained, Luton surged to his feet, followed the men and threw himself into the water as they watched him cavort and play with delight, his laughter and pleasure making them smile. Back at a fire Kher had blazing, Luton flung himself down next to Han who was cooking and shoved his head over the pot to sniff. Han glanced curiously at him and got a grin that he couldn't help but respond to. When he looked over to the haskar for guidance, Kher just shrugged helplessly.
"You are very bright this morning, boy," he observed calmly.
"Well," responded Luton "it's a fine morning and the world's alive. I wish to be part of it. What's in there, Han? I'm starving." Han was considerably surprised, because Luton had never used his name - it was always his title.
"Porridge, boy. That should fill those spindly shanks of yours."
Luton tossed his hair back and grinned again before he took a tankard from Lus. After he'd drunk from it, he put it on the ground and leapt energetically to his feet. Kher stared up at him.
"Yes, boy?"
"I have energy, Kher," Luton announced. "I'll be back soon to eat. Then I promise you I'll clean out the pot."
"Very well," responded Kher amused, watching as the young man bounded off down the trail. All the warriors stopped what they were doing to watch until Luton disappeared. Kher then saw them all stare at him and raised a hand.
"Do not ask me," he said tolerantly. "I sense only that the forest is ancient. Something has touched the boy, I accept that, but it baffles me."
"My lord, he capers round like a boy," said Lus, sipping thoughtfully at his badran.
"He is happy," added Emil, a smile touching his usually harsh features. "We have never seen him so. Has he his memory, my lord?"
"No," murmured Kher, stroking his long beard, now flecked with grey. "I doubt he would be so boyish and gleeful if he had."
"Does he remember anything at all?"
"Just leaving the Keep and coming north. He accepts what I told him about being with us previously, though it brings no real memories." Kher was pensive, then added, "He says he can feel and I think that overwhelms him. It must come as a deep shock and he will need time to adjust."
"If it stays, my lord," mumbled Han.
"Quite so," agreed Kher, a shadow crossing his face. "I do not think this is part of his master's programming."
"He touches everything," commented Abek, upending his tankard and brushing the froth from his whiskers.
"Sensory perceptions so long deprived of," replied Kher.
"That is a contented slave," observed Han, stirring the pot contents vigorously. He glanced over at his senior. "It pleases me to see the boy like this, my lord."
"Me too," concurred Emil. The other two warriors nodded in agreement as the haskar looked from one man to the other before responding.
"It delights me, though I fear it may pass," he said softly. "Let us enjoy him while we can."
The conversation changed and all were eating with a will when Luton came leaping along the trail, his face flushed and his eyes keen. He took a full plate from Han and settled to eat, only lifting his head every so often to grin at Kher, before the dark head went down again.
~~~
The weeks that followed were contented ones for Luton. He deeply appreciated life as he found it. The warriors watched him with continuing disbelief, Kher with a delighted smile in his pale eyes. Luton's gaunt, expressionless face gentled until the resemblance to his brother was such there could be no doubt they were identical twins; the dark eyes sparkled with youth and vitality, his whole being vivacious and appealing in a way that was reminiscent of the child in Ortok. There was no aggression in Luton.
His every move suggested pleasure from his existence. Kher thought that when the young man wasn't on horseback he danced his way through the forest or, if he rode, he spurred his horse ahead, then came back, eyes wide and words tumbling in profusion from his lips. A smile was rarely absent. The pallor Kher always associated with Luton was gone. He was flushed with energy and well-being. Kher realised Luton wasn't just a strikingly handsome young man. He was more than that. There was an inner beauty that touched every part of Luton, and, as he was now, created a palpable aura about him.
Kher watched and waited. He sought the shade but it was nowhere near Luton. The young man's restlessness abated, to be replaced by a calm reflectiveness that let him sleep deeply and dreamlessly, night after night. The haskar cherished these weeks as he saw Luton blossom.
Luton bloomed like a late spring flower. He ran and hunted with the warriors, wrestled with them and swam naked in the rivers, even though summer came and went. The water stayed tepid. He teased the warriors, inviting them in and then once they were lured in Luton fooled around, splashing them as though they were his brothers. Kher didn't swim. He sat on the bank, listening to laughter and he slowly smiled, his emotions for this young man again threatening to overwhelm him.
One evening Luton lounged beside Kher, his fingers at hair still damp after an invigorating swim. They all rested, dozing, stomachs pleasantly full. Luton's curls were in an unruly mop. Kher looked consideringly down at the long slender body, naked from the waist up and completely relaxed, then quietly he produced a comb that he began to run through the curls. Luton obligingly rolled over onto his stomach, his forehead on his arms while he enjoyed the haskar's touch. Kher glanced at the deep, raised scars that marked Luton from his shoulders to his buttocks, and, as always, he folded his lips before he deliberately looked away.
When Kher finished teasing out the knots and the comb ran smoothly, Luton rolled back and rested his head in Kher's lap, as though it was the most natural thing for him to do.
"It was knotty, boy," explained Kher, placing the comb on the ground beside him. Luton smiled up at him in his attractive way.
"Thank you," he responded, blinking at the gentle hand that came to rest on his head. He lay quite still, his eyes searching Kher's. "Have you a family?" he asked suddenly. Kher was thoughtful before he answered.
"My wife died birthing our son, boy." Luton's eyes dropped.
"I didn't know," he whispered. There was a long pause, then, "What's his name?"
"He was called Zaren, Luton, but he was never strong."
"Is he a warrior with the warlord's army? Will you see him soon?"
"No," replied Kher quietly, his hand still rested on the dark head that slightly tilted in enquiry. "He died when he was nine cycles. I was saddened to lose a child that was very dear. A son meant much to me."
"Kher," whispered Luton, the light in his eyes quenched. The large hand began to stroke the dusky curls in a way that, had Luton memory, would've made him think it was Sarehl who touched him.
"It is long cycles since then, boy," said Kher gently. "And now there is you to care for, is there not?"
Luton hesitated, then asked in a shy voice, "The slave boy you have spoken of so often - that you feel so much for - is that me?" The hand caressing the dark head was stayed.
"Yes, boy," came the quiet reply.
"I feel your emotions for me, Kher."
"Yes, boy," repeated the haskar. "That would be so."
"Now I understand them," whispered Luton, "and I wish you to know I respond."
"I know that, Luton-boy."
Kher put his arms round the young man and held him. Luton leaned back, closed his eyes and sighed, fully aware of a gentle and caring touch that was a new sensation for him. Glancing round, Kher could see nothing of the shade.
~~~
As autumn came fully to central Ambros, the riders began to edge towards the northern perimeter of Blenharm forest. Kher watched Luton carefully, each day bringing a slight but noticeable change. A casual observer wouldn't pick much difference, but it deeply saddened Kher.
He saw the smile he'd come to love less often, the laugh gone. Luton became restless and driven again, slept less easily and the haunted look returned to the face, dark eyes sombre. Luton spoke less and less and began to nod and shake his head again out of habit. When they reached the edge of the forest, the vitality was no longer there, the eyes were cold and unreadable and the languid grace had returned. So, Kher noticed, had the shade. The haskar desperately wanted Luton to stay as he'd become and he inwardly deeply grieved for the young man.
By the time they left the forest, Luton was as if he'd never entered it and had no memory of being in it. Kher and the warriors were the same. The haskar found, when he even thought about it, that he had little, if any, recall of their trek through the huge forest and the warriors remembered nothing. Looking at Luton the morning they left the forest for good, Kher noticed ruefully that the young man shivered. He sighed, wondering how Luton would cope with the cruel northern winter.


CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

Chlorien and Autoc rode northwards, at an easy pace, into a wilderness where nothing other than grasses grew, the vista stretching barren and endless under a relentless, scorching sun. Chlorien quite naturally reverted to going barefoot. A heat haze was their constant companion as they rode from drying out water ponds to yet more barren land. It seemed an irony, in this heat, that this land should be covered by snow for more than half a cycle.
Its emptiness and vastness suited Chlorien. She sensed new emotion in the mage and though she couldn't comprehend it, still she quietly mulled over why he felt as he did. She came up with no answers.
Autoc was reflective. He was his usual gentle self as he took Chlorien once more through everything she learned with him, the desert folk, on Ice Isle and with the Gnosti. He was thorough and patient. Away in solitude and under the mage's guidance, Chlorien had time to think and assimilate in her own way.
She came, finally, to full understanding of Gnosti spirituality and instinct linked with reason. The wasteland they covered seemed appropriate, with its lack of distraction, as she grasped each concept her mentor raised. She could now relate to what Disah tried to tell her and realised, too, that these people weren't mysterious or enigmatic - simply, like the mage, they were whole. She knew, instinctively, what being whole meant, though was still too young to comprehend it as it applied to herself. Her oneness, and sense of being in that state, was inextricably bound up with the mage.
They travelled on. The mage calmly encouraged Chlorien to translate, wherever they were, in a close bond that gave them both utter pleasure. Of an evening, Chlorien still lounged back on Autoc's chest, safe in his arms and in the knowledge that he'd always care for her. Often she fell asleep thus. It was then the mage rose, the girl carefully draped in his arms, so he could carry her to a pallet where he laid and covered her, his hand lingering on her cheek in a caress.
Her travel along aethyr lines was confident. She quite clearly saw her physical form rested against the mage's shoulder, before she let herself drift deeper and deeper into the aethyr, travelling further by the day. The mage let her go. Nor was he always with her now as she roamed. She returned thoughtful and preoccupied, curled up next to the mage, her big eyes staring up into his as she explained what she saw and learned. Then their minds melded in natural affinity and they were one, strong in unity and understanding. Chlorien knew Autoc's strength would always be part of her wherever she went and whatever she faced, nor did she know she could forget this. Had anyone told her that, she wouldn't have believed them.
It took them all summer to cross the steppes and they were both content for time to stand still. It was in early autumn when Autoc signalled a halt, his reins lying slack in his hands and his eyes staring into the distance. He then glanced at Chlorien who played idly with her reins.
"What can you see, little one?" he asked placidly. Chlorien stared very hard.
"Trees, Father. And beyond that, even more trees. Where are we?" Autoc smiled, but there was sadness behind it.
"We're at the western Shadowlands, child. They stretch all the way to the far east." Chlorien turned her head to study the mage.
"You know the people of the Shadowlands, Father, don't you?" She saw an odd lilt to his lips at that, but his answer was prompt.
"Aye, little one, I do."
Chlorien was quiet for a moment, then said, unexpectedly and in a very subdued and shaken voice, "You're leaving me, Father, aren't you?"
Autoc immediately dismounted and drove a peg hard into the ground round which he wound his reins.
"Dismount, little one," he said gently, "and secure your horse." Chlorien obeyed, giving a sob as she did. When she stood erect, she found the mage beside her ready to draw her close. Chlorien rested her head on his chest in her usual way and gave way to tears.
"Ah now, little one," murmured the mage, stroking her hair. "You must not distress yourself so, my child."
"Why are you leaving me?" Fingers fiercely clutched at him. Autoc glanced down at the dark head and his lips twisted.
"I'm not leaving you, child," he said quietly. "It's time for you to leave me." There was a hiccup in response.
"I'll stay with you, Father," came the muffled voice.
"Oh, little one," sighed the mage wistfully, "if it was only that easy. Your growth must continue, child, if you're to fulfil your destiny."
"Aren't you a part of my destiny, Father?" Autoc felt despair in clutching hands and his grip tightened.
"Yes, Chlorien, I'm part of your destiny, but it's time for you to be with another, other than me. I hope I'll always be part of you."
"Do you have to go from me, Father?"
"Little one, I'm called back to where mages reside." Autoc paused, his look down at the dark head clasped firmly against him. "Child, as you'll know one day, a mage goes where he or she's needed. I'm told you no longer need me constantly by you."
"How can anyone know that but me?" Chlorien lifted up a hand to the mage. He took it in a comforting grasp.
"Little one," he began, in a most kindly and gentle voice of understanding, "there are those who know more of either you or me than we'd care to believe. If they think you're ready, you are." Autoc put a long finger under the pointed chin and pushed up the reluctant head. Chlorien's flooded eyes met his. She read there love and compassion, understanding, too, but mostly deep sadness mingled with what she sensed was profound loss and regret.
"Do you think I'm ready, Father?" she whispered, coughing to clear the lump in her throat. Autoc found it difficult to speak. His voice was decidedly husky.
"Oh yes, little one, you're indeed ready. Another's waited a long time to escort you in my place." Chlorien's eyes widened and showed alarm.
"Who's that?"
"Patience," counselled Autoc. He saw grief overwhelm the young face, before Chlorien buried her head in his chest again.
"Will I ever see you again, Father? Please?" Autoc bent his head.
"Yes, little one. Whenever you wish to come to me, I'll be waiting for you."
"As you've always done, Father?"
"As I've always done, child."
"Will you promise you'll wait for me, Father?"
"If you wish to come to me, little one, I promise I'll be waiting for your call."
There was a noticeable easing of tension in the young shoulders. Autoc reinforced his promise with his lips to her curls. Chlorien felt it and snuggled as close to the mage as she could. Autoc's grip tightened responsively.
"I love you, Father," she murmured. "I'll always love you."
"Likewise, child," said the mage in a muted tone. "I care deeply for you, little one. It grieves me to see you go, though you must always let the one who is ready fly free." He felt the responsive quiver.
"When must you go, Father?"
"Soon, little one. Very soon. Sometimes mages don't have choices."
"How will you know?"
"Amril calls me. He has once already." Chlorien's head came up.
"Your dragon, Father?"
"My dragon, child, yes." Autoc's eyes began to dance again. "You haven't met him, have you?" Chlorien's eyes were round.
"Would he speak to me?"
"I wonder?" pondered the mage, his eyes laughing down at her in a way that was achingly familiar. Despite her sadness, Chlorien bit her lip ruefully.
"You're teasing me," she mumbled, her hands grasping at the mage's tunic. A shy smile came to her eyes. "I'll miss that." Autoc's smile at her was warm.
"You've delighted me for cycles, little one. I'll miss you in many ways."
"You mean so much to me, Father," she whispered. Her voice cracked.
The mage and the girl stood silently entwined, neither one trusting speech. It was unnecessary. They were one, and, at that instant, whole, their essences in harmony. Finally, Autoc sat on the ground and signalled Chlorien do so too. With a cough, she rested against him. Autoc dried her eyes very gently, content to let her gather her thoughts, his arms about her. He made no effort to initiate talk. He waited for Chlorien.
"The balance is what's important, Father, isn't it?" she asked presently.
"Aye, little one."
"And if it's tilted, say by another -." Chlorien broke off.
"Like Malekim - is that what you're trying to say?" Chlorien nodded. "Go on," added Autoc encouragingly.
"Then it's up to mages, like you, Father, to re-balance what's been disturbed, isn't it?"
"You've been doing a lot of thinking, little one," observed Autoc, glancing down at the slight figure affectionately. "Yes, it's a mage's responsibility."
"The balance was shifted, wasn't it, Father?" Autoc was suddenly sharply aware of developing power and talent in Chlorien.
"Yes, child, it was."
"By my greatsire Bene?"
"Ah!" sighed Autoc with comprehension. "You do begin to understand, don't you, little one?" Chlorien shook her head.
"Not entirely, Father," she whispered. "But now I know the action he took allowed another mage to use that breach in an attempt to alter what would be." She felt the hand automatically stroke her curls. Autoc's eyes were deeply appreciative.
"Well done, child. Can you take that any further yet?"
"From what you taught me, Father, interspecies matings are usually sterile."
"Yes, child, that's so."
"But Bene and Cynthas' wasn't sterile."
"No."
"Their child upset the established balance by being born at all."
"Yes."
"And it was that child, my mother, that offered him the opportunity to use the breach for his own purposes."
"It offered that chance to Malekim, little one, yes. He only had to wait." Chlorien's voice became very quiet.
"All this, through one act of love, Father?"
"Yes, little one."
"Is the balance so fragile?"
"It's not so simple an answer, child." Chlorien pulled the mage closer to her again.
"I'll be a mage, won't I, Father?"
"Yes, my child, it's very likely, but only if you choose to be. There's no doubt about that at all."
"And like you, will I have my choices limited?"
"If you choose to become fully a mage, I guess that'll be so."
"Are there joys in being a mage, Father?" Autoc began to laugh.
"Little one, little one, of course there are joys, boundless joys you can't yet appreciate. You see us struggle to maintain the balance. It isn't always so. Think of the joy you've brought me, Chlorien, lad." Chlorien didn't answer. Autoc settled himself more comfortably in the grass, then pulled the girl between his long legs, so that, characteristically she could rest her head on his chest. Long arms encased her again. "Chlorien lad," the mage went on in his deep, calm voice. "I've made you a solemn promise. I'll always be there for you. Try to remember that, child. And you must have faith and belief in yourself. You have great and tenacious strength, little one." He paused briefly. "You can remember us, as we are now and have been for seven and a half cycles, can't you?" Chlorien nodded. "Then that should always give you comfort."
"You're part of me, Father."
"As you're also part of me."
Autoc reached with one hand inside his tunic. He withdrew his hand and carefully held it down in front of Chlorien, who gasped at the beauty and fragility that lay between the slender fingers.
"Take it, little one, but very, very carefully."
Autoc moved his fingers so the essence slipped into the palm of his hand and lay there. Chlorien's hands trembled when the mage very gently upended his hand, so that the essence slithered into her cupped ones.
"Oh, Father," she breathed. "It's so beautiful. What is it?"
"Don't you recall?" Chlorien tilted her head. "When you were with the Ice dragons, child?"
"No, Father, I don't."
"One gave it to you, child. That, lad, is Lian's essence." Chlorien's hands still shook.
"It's so weak," she murmured, staring down at the faintly pulsing light. "Is our essence so easy to destroy, Father?" Autoc's expression was gentle.
"No, Chlorien," he replied quietly. "No, it's not. Care for that, lad. You must, in time, give it back to Lian. He never meant to hurt you and his has been a tragically abused life. He deserves to be whole again."
"When will I give it to him, Father?" A shadow Chlorien didn't see, crossed the mage's face and his lips twisted a little.
"You'll know what you have to do with it, my child. Meanwhile, let the essence be absorbed into you." Chlorien looked up at him concerned.
"Father?"
"It won't hurt you, little one. Place the essence on your birthmark."
Puzzled, Chlorien did. Immediately the essence was absorbed, the mark pulsed and stretched in a way that made Chlorien tense, her big eyes holding the mage's in alarm. Autoc entered her mind to explain calmly what was happening. She listened.
"Watch," sent the mage again. "Watch the mark become a dragon, just as it did when you were with the Ice dragons. You're dragon-linked, little one - that's rare and I suspect occurred before you were born. Now keep watching, lad, as the mark changes. Can you tell me what it is now?" Chlorien unpinned the brooch Autoc gave her long cycles ago and looked at it, her eyes huge and dark, almost black.
"The shape's a Rox, Father," she sent, her voice awed.
"Aye, little one, it is. You're Rox-marked - that, too, is rare. You're twice-blessed, aren't you?" Chlorien was silent, before an incredulous thought entered the mage's mind.
"Is my companion to be a Rox, Father?"
"Good lad," sent Autoc, an approving note in his voice.
Pinning the brooch back on her tunic, Chlorien wriggled around to stare up at the mage. As she did, Autoc brushed a hand carelessly backwards and forwards across her forehead.
"Father?" she asked surprised. "What did you just do?" Autoc's charming smile lit his eyes, his grin infectious. Chlorien's smile was equally engaging. She was, thought Autoc, with a deep pang, a captivating child.
"I blocked your ability to teleth long ago, child," he explained. She blinked at him. "You broadcast all over the place, don't you remember?" Chlorien shook her head. "You had voices in your mind." Chlorien gave a start of recognition.
"Yes, Father, now I do remember. What were they?"
"You received broadcasts, lad, which gave you a headache. In your younger days, you telethed to everything. Few Ambrosians can teleth as powerfully as you can, believe me." Chlorien took a deep breath.
"How do I control it now, Father?" Autoc ruffled her curls before he answered.
"You won't have any problems with that, little one."
"Father?" The voice was wistful.
"Aye, little one, what is it?"
"Hold me, Father, please. I'm so afraid of losing you."
Autoc again wrapped his long arms round her and that was how they stayed for a long time, until Chlorien became aware of a rushing noise like an oncoming desert windstorm. The horses became restless and whinnied. Autoc mindspoke Chlorien, his voice calm and reassuring.
"Amril's come, little one. It's time."
Chlorien lifted her head. Her violet eyes desperately absorbed the electric blue ones in a meld that was part of her being, so much so she doubted she could live without it, or, if she could, that she'd ever feel the same affinity with another, certainly not in the same way. Scholar would always be there, within her. She heard the detached dragon voice.
"You're called, mage. I'm descending."
"Aye, Amril. I'm ready, but I still need a little time."
There was a prolonged silence because the dragon concentrated on his landing. Chlorien barely heard anything, she was so wrapped in the mage's mind. The voice spoke again.
"This is the child?"
"Aye," repeated the mage. "This is Chlorien."
"She's very like her greatdame."
"Won't you speak to me?" came a very small voice.
"Yes, girl, I speak to you. Abylon awaits your call. He told me to send you his greetings."
"Why," asked the same small confused voice, "aren't you an Ice dragon?"
"I am," came the response.
"But you're not white - you're amber and cream." The amusement in Amril's voice silenced her.
"We're what we choose to be. Isn't that so, mage?"
"That's so," agreed Autoc, his voice full of laughter. Chlorien's next words made his smile fade.
"He's taking you from me, Father."
"Aye, little one, so it seems."
"It's time, mage," came the rumbling voice.
Just as Autoc broke eye contact with Chlorien, he flung her round against him, to hold her as if he couldn't bear to let her go.
"Father," she whispered. "Father."
Autoc spoke as gently as he usually did, his voice now oddly composed.
"Think of the Rox, little one. Think very deeply. Do this for me, lad." Chlorien obeyed him instantly. She'd never done anything else. She heard the deep calm voice again. "Good lad. Now Chlorien, now! Think of yourself as a female Rox. Translate, my little one, translate."
As he spoke, his voice completely breaking, Autoc let Chlorien go. He watched as she began to shimmer. Her form rapidly altered. Once she assumed the shape of a Rox, so another bigger Rox materialised beside her and walked calmly to be in front of her.
The Rox's eyes met Autoc's, in a long look of profoundly sad comprehension, affectionate respect and deepest understanding, fully reciprocated, a flare of unutterable anguish touching both pairs of eyes at the same instant of oneness and profound love. Then the Rox padded right up to Chlorien and put up a paw. Chlorien made the same gesture. When their paws touched, both stretched furry membranes and were gone.
Autoc brushed an unsteady hand across his eyes. He crossed to the horses. He unwound their reins, knotted them, then, murmuring a few words, he patted each rump. He stood watching until he saw they headed for the forests of the Shadowlands, then he stooped, picked up Chlorien's pack, then his own, and stood tall and alone for some time. He turned, his eyes meeting the wise dragon orbs. Amril saw desolation, loss and despair, before the mage broke contact.
"You grieve for her, mage."
"Aye," answered the mage quietly. His eyes stared into the distance.
"She'll return, mage, of that I'm certain, but I feel your other grief so very deeply, mage. It hurts you so much." Amril stared at his mage. The mage's words were almost inaudible. Autoc sighed.
"Let's go," he suggested.
The dragon eyes swirled thoughtfully as Autoc moved to him, mounting to the pouch with nimble grace and settling himself comfortably.
"As you wish, mage," he sent.


CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

Amril left the mage on Yarilo. The mage gently touched the dragon snout as Amril lowered his head to the ground. Amril made no effort to speak. It was clear Autoc didn't wish to communicate. Quietly the mage turned and walked away, the dragon's perturbed eyes following him.
Autoc didn't seek out company. Instead, he went to the gardens, where, still in his desert clothes, he sat motionless, head in hands and mind in complete disharmony. He was on the grass, cross-legged, barely aware of the beauty and tranquillity that surrounded him. He remained unmoving and solitary for a very long time.
Light was beginning to fail by the time he lifted his head. His eyes were now clear, but there was no lightness in them and no touch of the usual smile lurking in their depths. He rose. His gaze went beyond the ordered flower beds and lawns to the distant groves of laken trees. Purposefully, he began to stride in that direction.
Still striding quickly, he entered the stands of trees, but came to a halt at one particular grove. It was where all initiate mages passed their final test, but why Autoc was drawn here now, in the gathering dark, he didn't know. He just acknowledged he was compelled for a reason.
He stood, head thrown back so he could stare up through the boughs and leaves to the darkening sky. A voice instantly entered his mind. It was dry and cold.
"You've succeeded beyond what could've been expected, mage." Autoc didn't respond. He just opened his mind automatically to a power vastly superior to his. A faint tinge of amusement crept into the voice. "You're all creatures of passion and emotions, aren't you?" it asked.
"It's what makes us what we are," the mage replied calmly.
"It must be most fatiguing," came the voice again. "You're more in balance than you were upon arrival."
"Yes," answered Autoc quietly.
"You've worried Amril. Won't you reassure him?" came another voice - Marl, thought Autoc briefly. There was surprise in the mage's response.
"Does he need that?" The amusement in the first voice deepened.
"Since their linkage with your kind, mage, they, too, have developed sensibility. We find this astonishing and strange. Your kind exert a fascination, don't you?" The mage stayed silent. "So it is - he'd like to see you in balance, mage."
"I'll speak with him."
"It would relieve our minds," said the voice. Autoc didn't miss the trace of irony. He prudently ignored it. "You'll remain on Yarilo for a time, mage, but expect to be called again. More awaits. You'll know it as a trial of strength. We think you already know what comes. Prepare yourself, mage."
"I will," responded Autoc. A note of interrogative curiosity came into the voice.
"You've developed what you call affection for the young apprentice mage, haven't you?" Autoc's reply was quiet and dignified.
"Yes, I have."
"Learn from the mistakes of others, mage. Learn from the Archmage." A ghost of a laugh crossed the mage's mind. It made him shiver. "Time gives us answers to all things, mage. You've served the balance very well. It'll be remembered."
~~~
The voice gone, Autoc let himself slip to the ground. He relied on his disciplines to help control trembling that made him feel weak, but, in minutes he was on his feet and moving steadily back to the hall. He did a rapid run up the steps to the hall, entered, and passed through the huge vestibule to the first of the many galleries, becoming invisible as he went. His step quickened with a desire to be totally alone. He finally reached his quarters that were in darkness, didn't bother to make light, but just sought out a chair and threw himself into it, to let his mind wander freely back and forth without order. It brought some comfort but didn't entirely ease the ache of poignant loss. His eyes closed. He let repressed emotions and memories of his Ortokian family free. Then his thoughts veered to the Rox who came for Chlorien and that simply overwhelmed him.
He awoke to a slight movement in the room. His eyes opened immediately.
"Bene?" he asked quietly. An irritated growl came in answer.
"Why must you sit in darkness?"
Autoc laughed, and, flicking his fingers for light and looking round, he saw Bene stand by the door looking mildly aggrieved. The Archmage blinked. Autoc got to his feet, his hand out in greeting. Bene placed his hand, palm down, on Autoc's.
"You arrived sometime ago, youngster," he observed. "Where were you?" His look at Autoc was hard. The older man read the younger very clearly.
"Sitting, thinking. In the grove as well."
"Were you bespoken again, so soon?" Autoc sighed and rubbed his eyes.
"Aye, Bene."
"Amril's upset. He told Dramas he's worried for you."
Bene walked from Autoc. In his free hand he held a large and full carafe, plus two ornately chased goblets of quite beautiful design that he placed on a small table. Quietly, the Archmage poured wine.
"I'll send to Amril shortly," Autoc promised on a deep yawn. He took a goblet from Bene with a word of murmured thanks. Bene noticed how Autoc's hand shook.
"Drink deeply, my young friend, you need it," said Bene with concern, his eyes briefly on the trembling fingers.
Autoc shook his head, but, as he drank, his eyes filled and he looked down into the goblet. When a hand touched his shoulder he glanced up, saw complete understanding in the wise violet eyes and rapidly blinked his own.
"Gods," he whispered throatily. "What's wrong with me?"
"I know how you feel, young one." Bene paused, then added with a slight constriction in his voice. "Is she so like Cynthas?" He sat opposite the younger mage, goblet to his lips.
"Yes," answered Autoc, his voice steadying. "Very. Apart from the violet eyes and the height, she's in Cynthas' image."
"And in manner?" Autoc found himself smiling.
"Entirely herself, Venerable One, though with a strong touch of you."
"And her father?" The Archmage noticed Autoc gave an odd little smile, but he let it pass without comment.
"Malekim's not in her that I can see."
"Light and shade is present in us all, young one," reminded Bene, sipping meditatively.
"True, but in Chlorien it's hard to find the latter. Your work with her bore the desired fruit, Master."
"Perhaps," said Bene, with a wistful smile. "Why Chlorien and not Myme Chlo?"
"Jaim asked that too."
"So he came after all. Disah wasn't sure he would."
"Aye, he came. I called her Chlorien, because it was a boyish name and near enough to her own name not to upset her too badly."
"Who is she, Autoc? Myme Chlo or Chlorien?"
"Chlorien." Bene looked across at the pensive mage sitting so still.
"Drink, my young friend. We have much to discuss."
"Aye," agreed Autoc absently on an even deeper yawn, though he tipped the goblet at his mouth. Bene continued to study the stretched out mage.
"Does she know who she is?" he asked gently.
"She does now."
"And?"
"She accepts it, though it profoundly hurt her. Jaim and I had to work hard to make her come to terms with much."
"And Cynthas and me?"
"She knows about that too."
"I see." Bene fell silent again, his hands twisting about the goblet unconsciously. Autoc looked up.
"She accepts it was an act of love, Venerable One," he said gently. Bene nodded with an effort.
"Where's she gone?"
"With Nikos Rox, to the Shadowlands."
"Ah," responded Bene, with total comprehension. "I knew she would in time. I didn't know, though, that it would be Nikos. Did you, Autoc?" He saw utter anguish briefly flare in the blue eyes, so deep, Bene immediately understood it.
"He warned me sometime before so I was prepared, if I ever could be. I asked them to let it be me, not him."
"It must be very hard for you, Autoc, that it's he."
"Ah," mumbled the mage, drinking deeply. He stayed non-committal but Bene wasn't fooled.
"She'll be welcome in the Shadowlands. They welcome their own." It was Autoc's turn to be astonished.
"What do you mean, Master?" Bene twinkled at him in sudden amusement.
"I may be Archmage, young one, but very few know my origins. There's been no need until now that they should. You just knew me as one welcome in the Shadowlands, who was contented there and returned as often as he could, because he was so welcome and also respected." Autoc leaned forward in his chair, his eyes so alive with curiosity Bene broke into laughter as he stretched his long legs as comfortably as he could. His head rested against the cushions. "Aren't you going to ask me about it?" he teased. Autoc grinned and shook his head.
"Not me, Master. I remember how you taught me and I'll never fall for that again. My lessons are well learned." Bene tilted his goblet, smacked his lips, then chuckled.
"Drink more of your wine, youngster. Do you like it?"
"I haven't drunk any for a very long time, not as good as this either."
Bene rose to pour himself some more, offering more to Autoc who shook his head. Bene settled himself again and began to speak in his slow, melodious voice.
"My mother was from the Shadowlands, Autoc. Her name was Shahdan. She met my father when he horse-traded at the edge of the forest and slept with him. He was a strong-minded man, not averse to taking what he wanted if it wasn't freely offered. My mother was mesmerised by him.
His personality was magnetic, and he had a magnificent singing voice that thrilled all who heard him. He was a gifted musician. For a very long time, I never knew nor sought his origins. He was physically large and unusually dark-eyed and dark-haired for one who came from so far south. He knew horseflesh like the back of his hand. I've had little time to consider things like that, certainly not until the last cycle or so in Floronderiel." He was quietly ruminative and gave Autoc a quick glance. "My father never knew I was born until he came back on the same trading circuit seven cycles later. He took me against both my will and my mother's." Bene was thoughtful, then went on. "I was with him for five cycles before I ran away in an effort to return to my mother. He was a man who drank much. He whored and regularly beat me, night after night, until I was too sore to sleep. I used to love to hear him sing and watch him play the pipes, and, when he was sober, he taught me much and was reasonably kind to me." Bene paused again. "We were well south when I decided I had to go home to the Shadowlands. It was a long journey. Life was hard. I was tall and thin and very nearly starved.
A herbalist healer found me crouched, half-dead, in a ditch. He took me in. He was a Yazd." Bene saw understanding on Autoc's face. "Aye," he nodded. "He recognised talent and fostered and taught me. He even decided to help me find my mother, because he knew he'd be welcome in the Shadowlands as I was." Bene fell silent, engrossed in private reminiscence. Autoc watched him, fascinated. The white hair was longer than the mage remembered it and spikier if that was possible: the long silver beard, though, was soft and silky. The velvet eyes, so like Chlorien and Bethel's, glowed.
"And did you find her, Master?" Bene looked up with a twisted smile.
"Yes, we did. She took us both back to the deepest Shadowlands. She had another child, but to him." Autoc drew in his breath sharply.
"Who is it?" he asked unsteadily.
"Chloronderiel," said Bene gently, his eyes coming to rest on the startled mage.
"The ancestral patriarch whom all Shadowlanders revere today? The man I was taught to respect above all others in the Shadowlands?" Autoc broke off, his voice incredulous. "Master, is this possible? I never knew this. Do others?"
"Aye, young one, Indariol does. So does Istarial and the closest of the line. I cared for Chloronderiel when he was young, because he meant much to me - my little brother always will, though he's well and truly long gone. The Shadowlanders were good to me, even though I'm only half-Shadowlander and bear no physical resemblance to them, other than in my hair that I inherited from my mother. My life is entwined with theirs in a way few can comprehend. The Mishtok informed Yarilo I was in the north and I was sent here to train as a mage. At first I didn't wish to stay."
"Why was that?"
"The time I spent with my father harmed me in ways only my mother and Kedric -." The Archmage broke off at the blank look on Autoc's face.
"Kedric?"
"The healer," explained Bene, drinking thoughtfully. "I was restless, unfulfilled and quite unable to settle. I sought outside for what could only be found through inner enlightenment. I was impatient and headstrong like my father and had to be taught these traits had to be overcome if I wished to be a mage."
"You did, Master."
"After running away twice," agreed Bene wryly, starting to laugh. "Finally, an old mage you'd only have read about, Soryn, took me personally in hand. I learned to respect him. I took his rigid discipline though I resented it for long cycles. He made me face myself and come to terms with what I was. He was a hard teacher, young one, but he was very wise."
"What happened to Kedric?"
"He died long before my mother, but he brought her great happiness and he adored Chloronderiel as much as I did."
"Well," whistled Autoc. "So she's part Shadowlands too."
"She?" asked Bene, an interrogative lift to his eyebrows.
"Chlorien," answered Autoc. "Shall I open to you, Master? Is that your wish?"
Autoc had the oddest sensation when he locked eyes with the Archmage, because Bene's eyes were so like Chlorien's, except in their ageless wisdom. Hers were the orbs still of a child. He was briefly shaken before he felt Bene's power absorb him and relive his Ambrosian experiences.
They stayed mind-linked for an extremely long time. When they disengaged, Autoc looked wearily across at Bene and realised, anew, how frail and pale the old mage was. It was as if Bene's efforts, to try to rectify the harm he'd unwittingly done, had sapped much of the Archmage's vitality and left him almost physically transparent. Autoc suspected it was sheer will-power that drove Bene and wouldn't let him rest. He watched the Archmage upend his goblet with hands that shook.
"You've done so well, my young friend," Bene murmured, before he downed the goblet contents in one gulp. Autoc followed suit, then rose to refill both goblets.
"I hope she can stand for what she believes in," he said quietly. Bene took his goblet with one hand and Autoc's hand with the other.
"I thank you for what you've done," he said softly, the glow back in eyes that blinked with exhaustion only moments before. Autoc looked down at the Archmage with a rueful twinkle in his eyes.
"She didn't always thank me though, did she?" An answering smile met his and Bene released his hold on Autoc's hand.
"You think she's ready, do you, Autoc?"
"Yes, Master, I do. She's as ready as she'll ever be. It's just time she needs to let what she's learned grow and be part of her, helped, of course, by what she'll learn with the Rox and the Shadowlanders. I believe in her - absolutely." Bene's look was penetrating.
"Aye," he said non-commitally, sipping at the wine.
"She'll see and learn much over the next cycles."
"Aye, she will," agreed Bene amiably, glancing quickly sideways at Autoc.
"She liked Jaim," mumbled the mage, changing the subject. Bene followed the lead Autoc gave, chatting affably about Ambros, until a long silence fell on the room. Autoc drained his goblet and set it on the table. Bene's was already there.
"Your caring for the little one is profound, young one," Bene observed in a gentle voice. "I can feel it. You and she are bonded one to the other." Autoc looked up, pain in his eyes.
"Perhaps," he responded, his expression suddenly unreadable. "She'll bond with Nikos now," he added.
"You're tired," said Bene, getting to his feet. "You need rest. Why not lounge on your bed in comfort?"
Autoc was unbearably tired. He hadn't realised how much until the mind-link broke. Wearily, he rose and crossed to the bed, throwing himself onto it with a sigh. Before he was even aware of it, a gentle hand brushed his forehead - despite his remonstrance and the summoning of his skills, he knew Bene was doing to him what he himself had so often done to Chlorien.
His mouth curled in an ironic smile as he let himself go, surrendering to the control that was as familiar to him as breathing. His master was sending him to sleep. Even as he began to drift, Autoc realised he must be deeply exhausted to let himself be so easily manipulated. Bene stood looking down at the gaunt face, his own inscrutable, then he lifted a cover over the very tall figure before he turned to the door, looked back and flicked his fingers to dispel the light. Autoc slept.
~~~
Autoc woke the next day when the hour was well advanced. He stretched out long limbs luxuriously, yawned and put hands behind his head so he could more easily contemplate the bundle of fur lounged comfortably on his stomach. His blue eyes lit with pleasure.
"Ah," he murmured out loud, then sent, "My friend, it's been a long time." The catlin continued to stare at him impassively.
"Barely four Yarilan turns have passed," observed the catlin. "You're still thinking in Ambrosian cycles." Autoc closed his eyes.
"Aye, I am," he conceded. The mind-link stayed firmly in place.
"You've been busy, mage." Autoc agreed, yawned widely again and then, easing himself to a sitting position, touched the catlin who moved to curl about his shoulders. "Have you come home for some time, or are you leaving again soon?" Autoc's answer was vague and earned a sharp reproof. "We like to know our mages are safe. You haven't always been so. You've caused me concern." Autoc responded to the rebuke.
"I regret that."
"Amril's registered your imbalance. That's why I came so quickly."
"I'll speak to Amril shortly."
"Yes, mage, you must." There was a long pause, then, "Do you wish me to go to the Shadowlands? The child won't know me - she needn't see me."
"The Rox will," suggested Autoc, his eyes opening.
"They don't bother us," came the casual comment. "We accept the other comes and goes."
"He'll know you're linked to me," demurred Autoc. "It's Nikos who accompanies her."
"That's of no moment," came the reply. "Is there anything else that troubles you, mage?" Autoc deliberately let his mind go blank and felt, at the same moment, the surge of amusement from the catlin. "You think to keep things from me, your catlin?"
"No," responded the mage, his hand massaging a furry ear. "I just need time to myself, Sigh, that's all."
"She's deeply affected you, mage."
"Aye, she has."
"It'll interest me to observe her for that reason alone."
"I thought it might."
"I'll keep you apprised of all that occurs."
"Thank you," sent Autoc courteously.
The catlin left the fondling hand and stalked down to the mage's leg, its tail swishing imperiously.
"Did you know Ot transferred to one of the siblings?" Surprise made the mage jerk his head forward.
"Cynthas' catlin? No, I didn't. Is that usual behaviour for a catlin?" Autoc was sure he heard a faint laugh echo in his mind, but he couldn't be sure. He was being watched intently.
"No," came the reply. "I wouldn't ask to transfer and it hasn't happened in catlin memory. Ot asked it be permitted."
"So is he going to Chlorien?" There was a very definite negative in the mage's mind. He stared at the catlin.
"No, mage, you're wrong. He's gone to a boy." Autoc felt a breathless surge of hope mixed with acute anxiety.
"A boy? Not a boy named Bethel by any chance?" The surprise was now all in the catlin.
"Yes, mage, that's the boy."
The catlin jumped to a chair and curled up, his unblinking stare fixed on the mage who got restlessly to his feet.
"They've met?"
"In a manner of speaking," sent the catlin sleepily. "Ot wasn't overly impressed because he says the boy doesn't use his talent." Autoc was amused.
"He must've done to call for, and meet, his catlin." A snort of disgust came into the mage's mind.
"The boy apparently called, but didn't know he'd done so."
"So the lad's alive and has talent," murmured Autoc, out loud to himself. "Does the Archmage know?"
"Of course he does," scoffed the catlin. "He knew when it happened - we all experienced it together. An odd thing it was, too, to hear a catlin called by a talent that doesn't know that it exists."
"Presumably he does now?" There was a long thoughtful pause.
"He knows, but he's a timid boy. That's another odd thing, mage. Ot spoke to an Adept - a Churchik warrior who befriends the boy." Warmth flowed through Autoc when he heard that. "The boy's a slave who lives in profound fear of his master."
"Am I right when I suspect his master's the warlord?" sent the mage, on a sad sigh.
"It's so."
Autoc mulled things over as he stood there, then asked calmly, "Sigh, may I access your memory and thought patterns so I can hear the conversations you've had?"
The catlin winked solemnly at the mage and promptly curled into a ball. His thoughts flowed into the mage at astonishing speed and then abruptly came to a halt, the pale green eyes lazily opening.
"I'll go to the Shadowlands, mage."
"My friend," sent Autoc, watching the catlin dematerialise on the words.
~~~
Autoc strolled over to the window and stood staring out, aware the day was warm and windless. With a shrug, he changed into a mage robe and decided to go outside to enjoy the day. Bene found him in the gardens, seated pensively on a long seat with scrolled arms. Neither spoke. They just sat companionably, Autoc with a pipe in his mouth. As they contemplated the flowers and the water, Autoc's essence came into balance and he felt more comfortable.
He closed his eyes to let his mind wander where it willed. Inevitably it led him to Chlorien. He expected pain but there was none, just a sense of wellbeing when he thought of her, the ache of loss he felt the night before, absent, but when he thought of Nikos he felt pain surge at the very centre of his being, a physical ache that was intense. He changed his thoughts. A gentle smile came and his eyes opened, calm and reflective as they'd always been. He turned his head, conscious Bene looked at him.
"You're back with us, my friend," the Archmage murmured.
"Aye," agreed Autoc, the smile touching eyes that were sombre.
"It's been a hard road for you, Autoc, especially about Nikos."
Autoc nodded, his eyes wandering to a cluster of wild red sippin flowers. Bene, too, sat staring at nothing in particular, before he spoke quietly.
"I'm piecing much together."
"So, Master, am I," commented the mage, puffing gently on his pipe. Bene gave Autoc a long look, his eyes, as always, deep and penetrating in the way of his eldest greatson Sarehl.
"You began to do so Ambrosian cycles ago, didn't you?" Autoc turned his head to look calmly at the Archmage.
"Yes, Master. Yes, I did." Bene gave a nod of satisfaction.
"So tell me what you don't know."
"The boys, Ancient One. Tell me what happened to them. I know a little but not as much as I'd like, nor could I allow myself the luxury of knowing other than that they lived, though in what way I couldn't know. Ot told me much. They were lovely children."
"There's so much happened," whispered Bene, a flare of distress in his eyes that went as fast as it came. "Lute's a mage's slave, Bethel was taken by the warlord, Sarehl was savagely hurt but didn't die as I believe he was meant to, Daxel escaped, and the little boy's also alive. Do you wish to see or to hear, young one?"
Autoc leaned more comfortably on the seat, saying, "I'd prefer to hear."
Bene took a deep breath and began. As he listened, Autoc knew he often flinched while the tale unfolded. He sensed the Archmage's private agony and respected it, but his heart ached, especially for Bethel and Luton whose trials still went on. Both boys were so tragically abused. When Bene fell silent, Autoc made no effort to speak, because he felt comment was inappropriate and he was also busy sifting this new information in with what he already knew or guessed. If the picture painted was a sad one, it was also compellingly fascinating and thoroughly alarming. Autoc glanced at Bene and saw both the stooped shoulders and the sad curve to the mouth.
"What can be done about Bethel?" he asked quietly. Bene shrugged eloquently.
"He's being slowly trained by this Adept, Sarssen, who's very strongly and unusually talented. It seems the Churchik warrior's had an eye to the boy almost since the warlord took Bethel in Ortok. And I gather, to my surprise, the warlord has the child trained in the most ancient of southern bardic and musical traditions."
"It's good the boy has his music. He lived it in Ortok and was considered uniquely gifted and blessed."
"Sarssen seems to believe it's what's kept the boy sane in a harsh environment, where he's subject to his master in the cruellest possible ways."
"That," mumbled Autoc, "and the mind-blocking skills Chlorien taught him. I chastised her for that, you know." Autoc's smile went crooked.
"For teaching her brother to block?" asked Bene amused.
"Aye. She was told not to, but she did."
"It may have saved the boy's life, young one. We can be thankful she disobeyed you."
Autoc hesitated, then asked, "How fares the lad, Master?" Bene stayed silent, so Autoc added, "He was a delightful boy, very gentle and sweet-natured. There was a beauty and innocence about him that was most appealing, something deep within. I cared for the boy as I cared for Chlorien." A faint quiver came to the deep voice. "I cared for them all very deeply. They were an unusual family." He saw Bene run a trembling hand down his beard.
"I think I was shown an image of him once," he said sadly. "Is he a dark-haired boy of exceptional looks with big purple eyes?"
"That's Bethel," confirmed Autoc without hesitation. "What were you shown, Venerable One?" Bene's voice shook as he answered.
"I was shown a boy in insufferable pain, subjected to the physical power of a warrior who laughed down at him. It was, I suspect, the moment the boy was broken to a master's will, physically and mentally." Autoc grimaced and a shadow crossed his face.
"Then you would've seen the lad with his master Lodestok. How old was the boy?"
"Eleven Ambrosian cycles, I guess. Why do you ask?"
"Then you must've seen him very soon after Ortok fell, Master. Much has passed since then. Is there no later news of him?"
"Other than being initiated as a Churchik man, do you mean?"
"Aye. The thought of the lad being a father is difficult to comprehend, but then life has odd turns and twists, Master."
"He was made a Churchik warrior, young one. That's all I know." Autoc's face registered shocked astonishment.
"Bethel?" he exclaimed. "A warrior? I can scarcely credit it. He was much too gentle for that."
"Time changes people," responded Bene wearily.
"And Lute?" asked Autoc gently. "What of that boy?" He thought Bene's eyes looked almost black, the grief was so deeply etched into them.
"How scarred he is, we don't know. What I haven't told you is that he has power from his master. And he could only have that if there was ability to work with in the young mind. That's an alarming thought." Autoc drew in his breath sharply. Bene continued. "You've long known Blach was Malekim, haven't you?"
"Yes. From the time Chlorien was to go to Ice Isle I've known for sure. I guessed long before that though."
"But you didn't know Lute had been to and from the Keep?"
"No."
"An Adept living with the Sinhalien tells us much of the boy, as does a young seer associated with Lute. Malekim's apprentice was still mute, with no memory and no emotions - he's Malekim's slave in every sense of the word. He'll have his uses, but he'll be expendable." Bene glanced at the face next to him and saw Autoc's face drained of colour, the eyes shocked. "Lute calls his master Blach." Autoc nodded.
"And you say the Churchik girl, with Lute's child, didn't go to the Keep?"
"That's so. It greatly enraged the mage, whose anger was so intense the Watchers saw him clearly for the first time. They thought they saw him cycles ago when he attacked the Conclave, but couldn't be sure. He shrouded himself very well."
"Does Malekim know he's been seen?"
"He's very powerful, my young friend," responded Bene sharply. "He'll know."
"Did the fury adversely affect Lute?"
"We don't know. What's suspected is that no child coming to the Keep cut short the boy's apprenticeship. Ambros may well have much to thank that Churchik girl for her courage."
"Thank the gods," whispered Autoc in shaken tones. "Where is he now?"
"He's left the Keep with one of the warlord's elite haskars."
"And what's this warrior's name again? He's been with the lad on all his travels, hasn't he?"
"His name's Kher. He and his four warriors accompany Lute wherever he goes."
Autoc asked softly, "Has anyone shown the boy kindness, Master? I grieve for him." He saw the anguish in the Archmage's eyes and looked away.
"So, Autoc, do I." There was a long silence, broken by the mage.
"Master, how skilled is Lute? Is he an unpredictable equation?"
"We know he has power because he used it after Chika, but we haven't been able to ascertain what that boy's potential is. He now speaks as well."
"I wonder if there's any of Lute left," murmured Autoc, more to himself than to the Archmage. "Where is his child now?"
"If the Adept's to be believed, the child and mother will be well on their way to the Shadowlands. He's travelling with them."
"So doubtless Malekim will now feel he has to make a move soon?" Bene smiled wistfully.
"He already has, my young friend. Lute and Kher travel northwards."
"Ah," mumbled Autoc thoughtfully. "To join up with the warlord?"
"Presumably."
"They're allied, Master, of that I'm sure. Lian was to take Chlorien to the warlord. I can only assume it was in response to a request from Malekim."
"So are we sure, though we also believe the warlord doesn't know exactly who he's allied with. He refers to Malekim as Blach, the mage. It seems to be a mutual arrangement of benefit to both at the moment. Presumably the warlord will be as casually dealt to as any other when he's no longer useful. It's Malekim's way."
"Won't Lute's arrival endanger Bethel?"
"Very likely. He'll be even more endangered by the arrival of Malekim himself."
"That presents us with appalling problems, Master." Again there was a long silence. "We'll also need to safeguard Sarehl, Dase and the little fellow with very strong blocks."
"That's been done by a Level Four and also an Adept called Leon. Those can be strengthened if necessary." Autoc turned to face the Archmage directly.
"Venerable One, before I left for Ortok, you asked me if we'd remembered and interpreted Ochleos Rox correctly. Do you recall?"
"Perfectly," came the muted response.
"The quotation, Master," said Autoc urgently. "It said, `They must look for the child who is made a shadow and becomes a child of the dark.'"
"I know," whispered Bene, bending his head in his hands. "My unspeakable folly, young one; my unspeakable culpability."
"Venerable One - can this be so? Are we living the prophecy? Is it Lute?"
"I'm sure of it," mumbled Bene, hands writhing in his hair.
"And," went on Autoc hesitantly, "`There will be a child born of light and dark, who will of all kinds be made into one.' That's Chlorien, isn't it? She's born of your daughter and Malekim, is dragon-marked and Rox-marked, and is mage-born: that makes her of all kinds. She's also Shadowlands and Samar." The Archmage nodded, miserably unable to speak. "It says the child will have power - ah, Master, she has that indeed. It said to teach the child to use the power wisely. I've tried to do that and you most certainly did." Bene stayed hunched. "Lute's path is indeed hard, Venerable One. All their paths are."
Bene rose abruptly and walked haltingly a short distance away, where he stood silent and solitary but also a presence of enormous power. Autoc respected it and sat quite still. He waited for the Archmage to return. When he did, Bene sat beside the younger mage, his hand gripping one of Autoc's and his violet eyes alive with an odd glow that made the younger mage feel slightly breathless. The Archmage's grip was surprisingly strong for one of such physical frailty.
"You were especially chosen for your qualities, Autoc. They who chose you showed depths of wisdom and Ambros will live to be grateful to you, young one."
"There's still much to do though, isn't there, Master?"
"Oh, yes," sighed Bene. "It's all only at the very beginning." Bene let Autoc go and turned away to stare into the distance for a long moment. "I'm leaving Yarilo shortly," he said unexpectedly. Autoc stared at him.
"Where do you go, Master?"
"For a time, back to my other home," Bene replied, "before I must move on. As you say there's much to do."
"To the Shadowlands?"
"To the Shadowlands, but not to my people as before. I seek serenity and solitude. I also seek answers to questions that puzzle me and must be resolved before it's too late. Endorion knows I return again." The dark haunted look, that replaced the unholy glow, faded.
"To Chlorien?"
"Not yet, young one. She'll come to me when she's ready and that's not yet."
"You go alone, Master? With Malekim stirring?" The violet eyes looked long into electric blue.
"You'll take my place, young one. That's my will and I've waited for your return to tell you this. The Masters agree with my choice. You'll act on my behalf in all things until I return. That means you undertake the study of the senior apprentices as well." Autoc looked startled.
"You've never needed anyone to do this for you before. Why now?" he demanded.
"It'll be good training for you, young one," chuckled Bene, waving away any further expostulations. "Times are uncertain, young mage, and you'll be summoned again soon enough, believe me."
"If it's your wish, Master," murmured Autoc, in slightly bewildered tones. Bene looked at the younger mage with deep affection.
"Remember all I've taught you, young mage, and pass it on. But don't repeat my mistakes, will you?" Autoc gave a shiver as he lifted one of the frail hands and touched his lips to it.
"I'll always try to make you proud of your protg, Master," he said gently. He saw rare tears in the Archmage's eyes.
"You're a son to me, Autoc, as you're a father to Chlorien. She'll come home to you. One day she'll call, I know that. Will you hear her, as I've always heard you?" Autoc went to one knee, his voice urgent.
"Venerable One, when she calls I'll answer. I promise you in the same way I promised her. I'll always be waiting." There was no answer, so Autoc added, "You've been my father for a very long time, Master." Bene lifted his head with an effort, but his eyes were clear. They were big, soft and as luminous as Bethel's.
"Hers becomes a hard path now, young one. Her brothers' paths already are. But she'll need to come back to you to be whole. One day she'll know that. She comes home to my son."
"Believe me, Master, when she calls I'll answer." Bene touched Autoc's cheek very gently.
"Bring her home, young one - bring her home. I will know, just as I'll always be with you, Ortoriol."
When he stood, the Archmage's spare frame was more stooped than ever, his thick mass of white hair thinned and his face more deeply lined than it was before Autoc left for Ambros. The younger mage noticed that every so often the intensity of the violet in the eyes dulled then faded. Bene's frailty worried Autoc profoundly, more than he cared to admit. There was something transparent about the Archmage.
Very gently Autoc suggested a walk up to the wooded slopes and was rewarded with a smile. Bene nodded. Autoc had never seen the Archmage use a stick, but this morning Bene leaned very heavily on one, his walk stiff and halting. Without making the gesture obvious, Autoc proffered his arm. Bene discarded the stick with dislike, grinned at Autoc in the way he used to and gratefully leaned on the outstretched arm.


CHAPTER FORTY

By the time Queeb left the desert of the Wildwind tribes, he was satisfied he'd caused enough havoc among the peoples there to keep them at each other's throats for cycles. He didn't forgive Choja and the Sophy for their participation in secreting the boy and the one called Schol from Indigo. He was forced to resort to other more time-consuming tactics to find those he sought in the desert, something that made him coldly angry and resolved to punish those who thwarted him.
He found Kosko an amenable ally he could depend on, though the desert man was like all his kind, changeable and prone to be treacherous should it suit him. Kosko was cruel and ambitious, easy traits for one as unscrupulous as Queeb to play on. By promising Kosko overlordship of the desert tribes, upon the intended demise of the incumbent Sophy, Queeb made Kosko willing to follow Blach's henchman wherever that individual led him as long as it suited him.
Kosko had other axes to grind as well and felt he owed Choja a long and lingering death for being part of a humiliating scene in front of the assembled desert lords. Patience was a desert virtue, but it was oddly lacking in Kosko. He was a man who demanded results. There was much of the warlord in him.
So Kosko was happy to provide an escort for the two strangers from southern Ambros. They set off after the fugitives, quite confident they could be comfortably paced until the northern reaches of the desert were reached. At that point, Queeb would be happy to dispense with their escort so he and Ohb could travel alone after the fugitives.
It was before they left Indigo, that Queeb and Ohb deliberately destabilised the status quo of the Wildwind tribes by insidious suggestion, innuendo and outright lies. It was easy to do. It fomented festering discontent among fragile alliances that Queeb knew would eventually lead to the outbreak of hostilities. He assumed that wouldn't be immediate, but was inevitable - he was just sad he wouldn't be around to see the bloodshed. He smiled contentedly when he heard the plots against the Sophy, including assassination, gather momentum. At that point, he decided to put pressure on Kosko to follow the fugitives. He left Indigo with the amused thought it was child's play to manipulate the tribesmen's fears and prejudices, but he didn't see the long, speculative look of the Sophy's when he made his barely respectful departure.
Queeb's anger was rekindled with being slowed by Ohb's painful and singularly noisy death, the henchman's cries piercing the silence of the desert, day after day, until mercifully he died. Ohb's death only touched Queeb in that he realised, with annoyance, he'd now have to work alone without the use of Ohb's far-seeing. It meant he had to be close to the fugitives to clearly recognise them. His plan to punish Choja deepened.
His impotent fury was frightening in its cold intensity when he realised those he steadily followed for half a season weren't those he sought. Queeb didn't forget how Choja and his son, with just one tribesman, led himself and Kosko's men on a wild and erratic chase east across the desert before Queeb could get close enough to identify them. He resolved to punish the Sophysun in a particularly nasty way through an attack on his father. Kosko was delighted to oblige in the scheme. When he finally reached the north-western boundary of the desert and left Kosko, Queeb left the desert with a smile on his long face.
He moved steadily northwest, wondering why the fugitives went to such a desolate, empty place, but nothing hindered him. His only problem was boredom. He was relieved when he reached the coast and camped beside it for some days while he thought. Fishing villages were few and far between, the inhabitants surly and unwelcoming, and when he asked what was there to attract travellers further north, he got frozen, unfriendly glances, followed by coldly indifferent shrugs. After several unsuccessful forays into villages, Queeb left them alone. He continued to follow the coast, not entirely sure why he went that way, but sure he was on the trail of those he sought.
When he next stopped he was thoughtful, a hand up to his lank hair and a brooding look in his eyes. He stared out to sea for a long time before returning to his camp where he flung himself down. He was unsurprised he found no trace or presence of the man and boy and had to think very carefully before he made a decision on where his quarry might have gone after being so far north. Finally, he decided to rely on instinct. He was sure Schol wouldn't head east, because that was where the warlord was. Satisfied he acted correctly, Queeb broke camp.
He rode inland, well away from the coast, and, since it was pleasant at this time of the cycle and he experienced no difficulties, his travel was untroubled. The only thing that grated on his nerves was the isolation, but he accepted that with an inward shrug. He wasn't quite two seasons behind Jaim, Chlorien and Schol when he rode up tiredly to the inn run by Jesh.
There, he quickly dismounted and called sharply for service. When he received none, he bawled so angrily it brought Jesh out at a run, the innkeeper looking Queeb over. After encountering a threatening look in return, he decided to take the horse and stable it. Queeb, meanwhile, entered the inn. Jesh's eyes brightened when Queeb advised he'd stay a few days and would require a bed. Jesh was all obligation. He placed a tankard in front of his guest with a benevolent smile that got none in response, so, shrugging, he went back to serving his other customers.
Queeb was in no hurry to move because he'd been on his own a long time, and, though he was solitary, he enjoyed the sound of others about him. He looked at Kesli too. He summed her up very quickly and toyed with a way to pass his time more pleasantly. He paid her attention, then ignored her. It got Queeb the result he wanted. She was piqued and curious, unaware the man she played with didn't play by accepted rules. Kesli had more than met her match.
The third night, in obedience to Queeb's invitation, Kesli entered his chamber where she found the man lying back on the bed propped up by cushions. She didn't know why, but this utterly unprepossessing man had magnetism she felt unable to resist. That he was physically ugly seemed to enhance his attraction. She was fascinated in a trapped way, her eyes caught by the cold fish eyes that bored down into hers, unaware that a mage's henchman could ensorcel anyone in a way that made them obedient, acquiescent and responsive.
The succeeding nights Queeb used her in the cruellest ways, binding her will to his but increasingly making her aware of what he did. Her fascination was gone and Queeb no longer mesmerised her. Queeb stayed seven nights at the inn, the last night one of continued unadulterated and unbridled pleasure for him at Kesli's expense.
He gained much information over the preceding days, because he asked questions of everyone with whom he came in contact. Though the man wasn't liked, the folk around were willing to talk with him. He was told that, yes, indeed, there'd been a dark-haired boy staying at the inn, a pretty lad he was, too, with unusual violet eyes. And yes, there was a tall man, answering to Schol, with the boy. This man had the oddest and bluest eyes anyone could remember.
The third member of the trio who stayed at the inn interested Queeb. He hadn't known that a Gnosti, as he came to know the small people were called, was associated with Lorien and Schol and it puzzled him tantalisingly while he tried to sort out where a Gnosti would be of assistance to them. The disappearance of the old man who'd been with the man and boy didn't surprise him. He'd always assumed it was a ruse to baffle him.
It was on his last day at the inn, as he ate and drank the time away, that Queeb heard of Kesli's smouldering anger over Lorien and that was only because Queeb happily listened to all conversations, whenever he could, whether intended for his ears or not. He heard chuckles about Kesli and the lad, but now things came into perspective for him. A season later she still brooded over it, so, when she served Queeb dinner this last evening and would have left his table in haste, she found her wrist firmly held.
"Not so fast, girl," said Queeb, a cruel twist to his mouth. "There's something you have to tell me." Kesli stood still, her eyes downcast.
"What is it?"
"The boy Lorien, girl. Tell me about him."
"There's nothing to say," responded Kesli, tugging at the hand that held her.
"But there is," said Queeb, so gently she went motionless and shivered.
"I wanted him," she whispered reluctantly. "He was so attractive a boy. I knew he was willing once I could make him respond. Schol ruined it all." The angry sparkle, absent for days, came back to her eyes. "He took the boy away the next day. I don't know why he was so reluctant to let Lorien come to manhood with me." Queeb listened with confused interest, a half-smile on his face that was unpleasant to look at. He winked at Kesli.
"Never mind, girl. You come to me for our final night together."
Jesh's eyes took in the exchange, nor did the innkeeper miss the change in his daughter. When Queeb was with Kesli that night, he entered her mind to re-live her experience with Lorien. He gave a grim chuckle, that she didn't hear, when he saw clearly what happened, Kesli's very brief touch of Chlorien enough for Queeb. His withdrawal from her mind was rough.
The next morning Queeb arrived downstairs in a jovial mood, to find Jesh swearing that Kesli hadn't come downstairs to assist with the early morning meal. Queeb grinned hugely. He told the innkeeper not to worry about food, but to get his horse saddled and ready, because he left immediately. He paid his reckoning and then rode away laughing heartily, his amusement not abating for quite some time.
Queeb rode westward for some weeks, until he came to the outskirts of Gnosti settlements, where he drew up and sat his horse contemplatively. His gaze scanned round, his lips pursed with thought. Then he turned his horse and began a slow ride back through the rich, cultivated countryside, stopping often and exchanging coinage for gems that remoter settlements of the Gnosti happily sold by the hundreds. Queeb stared at the piles of gems that spilled in profusion, his eyes narrowed in fascination, before he moved on.
The land remained fertile and cultivated to within about ten days ride of the coast, where Queeb decided to again follow the coastline. He could keep to that until it was possible to swing southeast, before he would then have to veer north again towards the Shadowlands. He wanted to meet up with the warlord's army and pass on his information to Lodestok in person. He assumed he'd be richly rewarded. He suspected, too, his master would've left the Keep by now and would likewise reward his faithful servant.
When Queeb finally came in sight of the warlord's huge military machine, it was to find it was only a season or two behind the northmen who now neared the Chasa Mountains. He was met by a huge Churchik sentry who would've challenged him had Queeb not touched the man's mind and then ridden past him.
He had quite a ride before he came to what he correctly assumed was the warlord's pavilion and it was there he drew up his horse, gesturing at a slave boy that he take the reins. Queeb stood and dusted himself down, prior to moving to the pavilion entrance. He looked in to see, not the warlord, but a youth so like Chlorien he almost gasped out loud. Queeb drew back momentarily disconcerted, his eyes riveted to the youth in the pavilion.
The youth was very tall, considerably taller than Chlorien, but equally slender. This one's extraordinarily long hair was disordered but framed a singularly lovely face. Bethel gave a deep sigh. He stooped to pick up yet another discarded article of clothing that he tossed onto a pile on a chair, then he sat on the edge of the bed to attack the knots in his hair with a comb before plaiting the thick mass into a very long queue. When he stood he stayed ruminatively, before he pulled on an over shirt that he belted in as he strode to the pavilion entrance. He stopped when he saw Queeb.
"Yes?" he asked interrogatively. Queeb looked up into soulful and bewitchingly large purple eyes that stared down at him.
"I seek the warlord, boy." Bethel gave a sigh.
"He is with Haskar Bensar - in the next pavilion."
He pointed, waiting for Queeb to move in that direction. Queeb gave the youth a final and very hard look before he walked to the next pavilion. Bethel's eyes thoughtfully followed him. Bethel intended to seek out Sarssen, because he sensed Queeb's power from the moment their eyes locked and his guards were set firmly in place. Bethel sensed danger.
Queeb entered the second pavilion, to be met by two pairs of hostile eyes, one pair steely, the other as cold as the wintry snows. Queeb stood still, his eyes meeting and holding with the warlord's.
"My lord," he said politely.
He saw recognition dawn on the warlord's face and a slight, but thoroughly unpleasant, smile curl Lodestok's lips.
"Where is your companion?"
"He died in the desert, my lord."
"Unfortunate for you," remarked Lodestok coolly. He looked back to Bensar. "We shall discuss this later," he added dismissively.
Bensar studied Queeb again before he bowed courteously, rolled up some sheets and withdrew until his pavilion should be empty of warlord and guest. Lodestok turned, his gaze once more on Queeb.
"Follow," he ordered sharply.
Inside the warlord's pavilion, Lodestok lounged comfortably, while Queeb stood, a little awkwardly. The warlord waved at a chair, his blue predatory eyes watching the mage's servant as a hunter does its prey. Nor did he offer Queeb a drink, though he got himself one. This omission made the man feel a surge of resentment as he sat, aware of the watchful gaze.
"Well now, Queeb, what have you to tell me?" asked the warlord, his voice an unnervingly quiet but distinct menace.
While Queeb fully outlined all that happened to him and Ohb since Ortok, the warlord's eyes never left the other man's face. When Queeb got to the inn, he paused and looked speculatively at Lodestok, who merely raised an enquiring eyebrow. Queeb heaved a sigh.
"My lord, I followed the boy and the man on instinct and because I knew the boy had the unusual colouring my master showed us in a seeing. Chlorien had dark hair and dark eyes. Lian failed both you and the master by not bringing the little girl to you before Ortok was attacked. I suspected she escaped in some way." He paused again, seeing boredom in the eyes holding his. "I thought, my lord, if I could secure a brother for the master he'd be pleased."
"I believe you are too late," responded the warlord, drinking steeply. "I am told he already has an apprentice." Queeb looked briefly deflated, then said more cheerfully,
"A brother, my lord?"
"A young man who is, as expected, a mute, so I hear. Whether he is a brother, I should doubt." Lodestok drank again, rising to refurnish his goblet. "Or whether he will now be interested in a brother is arguable."
"But you see, my lord, it turns out not to be a brother," said Queeb softly. He smiled when the warlord turned his head, his eyes interested and arrested.
"No?" Lodestok said, as softly. Queeb shook his head.
"No, my lord, not a brother. At the inn I met the innkeeper's daughter. We became," here the smile broadened to show blackened teeth, "friends, my lord." He saw the appreciative light in Lodestok's eyes. "Just so, my lord. I went into Kesli's mind to re-live an attempted seduction of the boy named Lorien."
"And?"
"In her passion, my lord, Kesli was quite unaware the body she touched wasn't that of a boy."
"Are you telling me that this boy, Chlorien, or Lorien as you say he was also called, is the girl we sought for the mage for so long?" His eyes closing briefly, Queeb gave a sigh.
"Yes, my lord. The boy Chlorien, or Lorien, is Myme Chlo." The warlord threw himself down in his chair, the wine spilling a little.
"And her companion, whom you call Schol?"
"I've no idea who he is, my lord, but he has very real power. He was able to enhance the girl as a boy successfully and that shows he's skilled."
"Where are they now?"
"They've gone deep into the west, my lord, into land that's rich and inhabited by little people."
"How old do you judge the girl now is?"
"Seventeen cycles, my lord, at the least." There was a prolonged silence, before the warlord spoke again.
"Well, Queeb, now we know what happened to the girl, do we not? Let me surmise for you. The man named Schol, who is clearly talented, took the girl from Ortok prior to our assault. Lban told me Lian disappeared and lost Myme Chlo in the forest. We can assume this mind-user, Schol, was part of this. I suspected someone of power was connected with that child, but I could not be sure. She was taken far west, well away from me or from your master, for a reason. Where would you speculate they will go next?"
"Where I'd go in their place, my lord."
"And where's that?"
"I'd seek refuge in the Shadowlands, my lord. They're vast and uncharted, so there she'd be relatively safe, at least until my master comes north seeking her."
"So," murmured the warlord, upending his goblet. "We learn more about yet another member of this family, most of whom, other than the girl for some reason, were marked for death. How interesting." Lodestok paused. "This girl's eldest brother is the Strategos with the northern army. He is a bother. Maybe you can help us over the problem he has become. What we need, Queeb, is someone to insinuate themselves into an arm of their army so you can be my ears for a while. Ingratiate yourself, rise through the ranks and bring yourself finally to the Strategos' attention." Queeb leered at the warlord.
"Then, my lord?"
"Then, my friend, you bring him to me. He is critical to their success. He should have died cycles ago and is long overdue to meet the gods. I still wonder how he survived. He will tell me how when we meet." Queeb nodded amused, his eyes glinting.
"That'll be no problem, my lord."
"I thought not," murmured the warlord.
"I see a young man here, my lord, who's the image of his sister, only his eyes are darker than her violet. It's a brother, isn't it?"
"Where did you see him?" came the sharp question.
"I sought you here, in this pavilion. The boy was here. Who is he?"
"He is my personal slave, Queeb. He is untouchable." There was a hardness to the voice Queeb picked up immediately.
"Certainly, my lord," he acquiesced quickly. "He's a lovely boy. I can see why he's your slave." He ignored the darkling look he got. "And he and Chlorien could be twins."
"He is a brother," came the cold voice. "He was found after the sack of Ortok."
"I just noticed the family resemblance."
"They are apparently all very alike," came the curt reply.
Queeb sensibly let the subject drop, though he was intrigued because he'd seen the warrior branding on Bethel's wrists. It made him open his eyes when he thought a slave could also be the warlord's warrior. There was a long silence before Lodestok spoke again.
"Speak to me more about these western lands," abruptly ordered the warlord.
Queeb obliged. Lodestok listened intently, his focus on his empty goblet. He let Queeb talk himself out, before he rose and filled his goblet, plus a second one for Queeb who grasped it thankfully.
"Would this land sustain an army the size of mine?" Queeb nodded. "And the little people you speak of, my man - would they pose any threat?"
"My lord, they're peasants. They cultivate the land and sell gems by the hundred. They'd pose no problem should you wish to take their land and wealth."
"Well and good," chuckled the warlord, raising his goblet in an absent toast.
~~~
Queeb was quite content to join the northern army as an agent of the warlord's. He was accepted, after not especially rigorous interrogation and there established himself as a regular informant, sending back to Lodestok as much information as he could glean. It wasn't much, but it was early days.
He was unscrupulous in his methods of securing tit-bits he could relay back. In his rise to higher authority, inexplicable deaths occurred that enabled this new man to achieve increased status, though he was avoided by many repelled by his obsequiousness and appearance. After a season, his position seemed secure. He was disgruntled when he realised the Strategos wasn't yet with the army, but he was happy to wait.


CHAPTER FORTY-ONE

Chlorien and the Rox travelled only a short distance, but far enough to see them securely within the Shadowlands. She became aware of her surroundings when her furred feet touched the forest earth and she looked out of dark eyes to the form settling just beyond her. The Rox stood still so as not to unnecessarily alarm her, his eyes, Chlorien thought, placid but somehow agelessly wise and uncannily familiar.
"Who are you?" she sent, folding in her membranous wings without conscious thought.
"As you are, so am I. I'm a Rox," came the return thought. "What do you wish to be called - Chlorien or Myme Chlo?" Chlorien barely thought about her answer.
"I've become used to Chlorien."
"So be it. I'm Nikos."
Chlorien stared contemplatively at him. His colouring was very lovely, in shades of silvered-black, cream deepening to fawn and then deeper golds again. His large paws were a dull gold that was the same colour as his face mask, other than the black nose. When the Rox stood, he was seven feet tall, his top coat thick, black and silky, ruffling gently in the breeze that swept through the forest. His undercoat was even denser and reddish-gold. He stood upright, so Chlorien could clearly see the soft cream of his underbelly. When the sun glinted off him, Chlorien blinked. She was entranced.
Nikos slowly raised his delicate furred wings, flexed them once or twice, then let them settle on his flanks where Chlorien realised they were no longer visible. Nikos' tail swept the ground, black on the upper side but deep gold and cream on the underneath. The tail was luxuriant, the fur on it very long. The face, quietly observing Chlorien, was benevolent, the dark eyes searching and pointed ears twitched forward.
"Do I look like you?" Chlorien sent wistfully. She sensed delighted amusement in response.
"Indeed," Nikos acknowledged. "Our form's the same, but you've more black and gray and much more silver." Chlorien's tail swished as she too stood erect.
"Do you walk upright all the time?"
"If we wish to, we do, yes. It depends how we feel. We run very fast on four feet, but fly even faster."
"Do we travel this way?"
"No, Chlorien. We're on Ambros. It would be unwise."
"Are you from Lilium? How will we go then?" Nikos ignored the first question.
"In the form of your birth would be the most sensible." Nikos shimmered. His form dissolved into that of a standing man in place of the Rox. He spoke gently. "Translate, Chlorien."
She did, as obedient to his wishes as she was to the mage. Nikos took a step to bring him close to her. He quietly put a strong hand under her chin, so he could turn her head to light dappling the glade they were in, and stared deeply into the violet eyes that shyly met his. He gently let Chlorien go.
"You're welcome to the Rox, child," he said softly, taking several steps back from her.
Before her, Chlorien saw a mature, tall man, almost as tall as Autoc, his build athletic. His hair was dusky, streaked with reddish-gold, with copper tints throughout the long curls. His eyes were wells of deep brown flecked with gold, his eyebrows were black, and though his beard was long and reddish-gold like the flecks in his hair, there was also a sprinkling of silver there. The lips were full and curved, the eyes kind. There was an indefinable aura of power about the man. Chlorien immediately felt drawn to him, as if she knew him. He sensed it and an odd light flickered in his eyes for a few seconds.
"Where do we go, Nikos?"
"We go east, child," he said quietly, "but first we should set a camp, shouldn't we? It'll be dark before too long." Chlorien looked at him and then at herself, before she stared round them.
"I didn't bring anything with me," she said ruefully.
Nikos just chuckled, turned from her and snapped his fingers. Chlorien stared down at the ground at his feet, her eyes going round when she saw the pile. Everything necessary for a camp was there. She began to laugh.
"How could you know?" she asked. "You're not from Ambros."
"No," smiled Nikos, turning back to her. "But I've had time to study your world while I waited for you." Chlorien met his eyes again, but very shyly.
"Have you waited long? My father," her voice faltered, then she went on with only a small catch in her voice, "said you'd waited."
"Yes, child, a long time. But you're with me now, aren't you?"
Chlorien nodded and stepped forward to the pile of equipment on the ground. The Rox's voice made her pause and she looked up enquiringly.
"Chlorien." She nodded again. "I know how much you care for Autoc. I can see it in every part of you, child. There's nothing of you untouched. I don't seek to replace him but hope you may, in time, care for me and trust me in the same way." Chlorien held out her hand, a faint pink tinge in her cheeks.
"I already trust you," she murmured. "You're so very like Father. I sense that too." She didn't see the wry smile touch the Rox's mouth at that. He took the outstretched hand and clasped it.
"Then that's a start, isn't it?" he responded. He squeezed her hand, then added teasingly, "You make a most appealing female Rox, you know."
He got a grin before Chlorien turned back to the necessity of making a camp.
~~~
Together they were soon quite comfortable, Chlorien aware Nikos was in no hurry and they'd stay where they were for nights. She offered to do the cooking. Usually Autoc did it when they were together, though as cycles passed she did more and more of it. She felt it was one thing she could do with little effort. Nikos seemed amenable.
So Chlorien let the Rox set and build fires, while she rifled through bags until she found all she wanted to prepare several days of food. While she cooked, their third evening together, Nikos settled himself against a tree, his lower body enveloped in lush undergrowth, where, comfortable, he drew out a double-reed pipe. Hauntingly reminded of Bethel, Chlorien looked up from what she was doing, her eyes luminous but deeply sad. The music stopped.
"What grieves you so, child?" came the deep voice. Chlorien glanced over at Nikos.
"My brother was a gifted musician, Nikos. Not only that, he was the most beautiful boy too."
"What happened to him?"
"I don't know. I think Father knew, but he never said and I never asked."
"What was the child's name?"
"Bethel," answered Chlorien, bending back over the fire. "It's his belt I always wear in memory of him. He meant so much to me."
"Ah," sighed Nikos, his look at the bent head very thoughtful. "You shouldn't despair, child, especially when you don't know what happened to him."
"I can guess," came the sad reply. "He was so pretty, you see. I know now what the warlord does to boys like Bethel. If he saw my brother, Bethel wouldn't have stood a chance - if he was spared the warlord, then they'd have killed him on a caravan. I guess that's what happened to all my brothers, Nikos, if they weren't killed in the first attack. Father saved me. I wish he could've saved them too."
"And is Bethel's music like mine?" Chlorien missed the present tense Nikos used, because she was busy.
"He played music that's haunting in a way I've not heard since," she said solemnly. "It was as if music came from somewhere within he was in touch with. His voice was -." She shrugged helplessly. "He was gifted from the gods," she went on, after a pause. "That's what his teachers at the Academy said. They told Mam his talent was unique. I can't describe his music to you; it touched every fibre of anyone who listened to him."
Nikos put his pipe back to his mouth as Chlorien went back to the cooking. She missed the softly murmured words the Rox muttered before he began to play again.
"It still does, child, it still does."
The music ceased to affect Chlorien in a negative way after she got used to it. She found it soothing and pleasurable, as she'd found Bethel's music when she was a child. It was different, but was relaxing. The melodies the Rox played sounded simple enough, but she knew from her childhood with Bethel, that they were complex and intricate. She knelt back on her heels and listened.
When Chlorien beckoned the Rox for food, he put the pipe back in his pocket and came across to the fire, crouching opposite her with an appreciative whiffle of his nostrils.
"It smells tasty, child. What is it?"
Chlorien handed the Rox a plate, answering with only the slightest tremor in her voice, "This and that, as Father would say."
Nikos merely smiled, settled himself comfortably and ate with relish. Chlorien decided he wasn't prone to conversational chatter any more than Jaim and Autoc. She found she preferred it that way. After eating, Nikos took Chlorien by the hand to walk through the outskirts of the Shadowlands. She was clearly uncomfortable.
"Aren't you afraid of being here?" she asked.
"Why? Because they're the Shadowlands?"
"Yes." Nikos looked down at Chlorien and his hand tightened reassuringly on hers.
"Are you afraid, child?"
"A little." Chlorien gave a nervous shiver. Nikos shook his head.
"No, child. You shouldn't be afraid. You're as much a part of the Shadowlands as you're a Rox, aren't you?"
"How could that be?" she demanded surprised.
"Didn't Autoc explain being a Rox to you and why you're safe here in the Shadowlands?"
"No," admitted Chlorien, yawning. "He told me about the Rox, that I'm dragon and Rox marked, but not that I'd join you, or where we'd be. I only knew, just before you came for me."
"Oh," said Nikos gently. "Then, child there's much you don't know and much you have to learn."
"I try," said Chlorien.
Nikos stopped, let go her hand and put both his on her shoulders, his eyes meeting hers. She let him read her because he seemed so like Autoc. It seemed natural to let him. Chlorien's eyes told the Rox clearly she'd no idea why she was with him, or why she'd come to the Shadowlands, and he knew instinctively now wasn't the time for her to have that knowledge. She was still very young and vulnerable. His respect for the way the mage had let her mature and develop deepened.
He pensively glanced away into the distance, before saying calmly,
"You've learned a great deal, young one, and have much to be proud of. We're all learning. Should we not, we shouldn't be alive. You need have no fear in the Shadowlands, or while you're with me. Do you believe that?" He looked back down into the still upturned face.
"Yes," whispered Chlorien. "I believe you. Are you safe though?"
"A Rox is always safe with the people here."
Walking on again, Chlorien was left to digest that as best she might.
~~~
So began their time together. Nikos was protective and Chlorien lost her shyness and responded to the Rox with curiosity and profound respect. Ten days after meeting, they came to a small river. Until this day, Nikos tactfully left Chlorien to wash by herself, never coming to the water's edge until he saw she'd finished swimming or bathing.
This time, Nikos deliberately guided her to the edge, watched her take off vest and boots, and then, when she stood looking into the water, he pushed her into it. Immediately she pulled back but he just laughed, grasped her hand and swung her round so she was well into the water and couldn't retreat. As she slipped and fell, she saw the amused glint in the copper-flecked eyes before Nikos followed, falling backwards with exaggerated ease and splashing her so she was thoroughly soaked. She watched him frolic about, and, seeing the water bead the Rox's hair and beard, she thought, again, achingly, of the scholar. Nikos came to her and held out a hand.
"Come, child," he invited. She sat, uncertain, the water swirling about her.
Suddenly, she was a little girl again, at the pond at the end of the canals where she commanded the fish to respond to her. She ignored the outstretched hand and threw herself forward, feeling Nikos' strength as he caught her in very strong arms. They swam out to deeper water. She cavorted under the water, aware of dragging breeches and shirt.
She came to the surface, laughing, happy to follow Nikos when he dived again. She couldn't keep up with him, because he seemed to have boundless energy. He left her, waiting to see what she did. She trod water. Suddenly, she let herself go. She didn't see the smile Nikos gave when she let herself sink below the surface.
She became as one with everything around her - she was the water, the rocks and the filtered light. She saw Nikos. Rather than a physical form he seemed a shaft of energy that she yearned to touch. Drawn, she drifted to him, touched him and felt herself absorbed. At that instant, she wanted to stay where she was and lost herself. She felt herself sharply pushed against her will, became aware she couldn't breathe and resurfaced with straining lungs. Her chest heaved. Nikos came up behind her, his arms supporting her and edging her to firmer, shallower ground.
"Gently, child," he exhorted her. "Gently. Don't panic. Let in air quietly."
He pushed her so she sank to the mossy stones, her head bent forward. When her world came into focus, she struggled to her feet, scrambled up the bank and sat, still breathless, her curls hanging in sodden ringlets round her shoulders. Nikos hauled himself up to settle beside her, an arm carefully placed about her.
"Your source is mostly balanced, Chlorien," he told her. "It's delicate and radiant, but you must control it and not let others take it."
"What's my source?" she asked. She found Nikos holding her pleasurable, though she didn't know why. Again she thought he was so like Autoc. She gave a little sigh.
"I forgot," murmured Nikos, bending his head. "You Ambrosians call it your essence, don't you?"
"Like Lian's," mumbled Chlorien.
"Like Lian's," agreed Nikos. "Can you walk yet?" Chlorien nodded, but hesitated before getting to her feet.
"That light I saw..." Her voice faltered uncertainly.
"And touched," added Nikos gently, rising.
"Was that you?"
"Yes, child, it was me," answered Nikos, his hand down. Chlorien took it.
"It was beautiful," she murmured, "so beautiful, Nikos. Is my essence that colour too?"
Nikos shook his head, a smile in his eyes that reminded Chlorien again of Autoc, the expression was so uncannily alike.
"No, little one," he was saying. "Yours is pure indigo."
Chlorien felt another twinge, because she noted the diminutive Nikos used that echoed Autoc. She found she didn't mind at all, that it was reassuring because it sounded as right from him as it did from her father, and, at the same moment, she realised the timbre of their voices was the same. The deep serenity was alike too. She was rather surprised to realise she accepted Nikos as readily as she'd done the scholar, but never thought to question it, just thankful because it eased the ache she felt when she thought of the mage.
Nikos read her thoughts effortlessly and it was with a somewhat wistful, pensive smile in his eyes that he walked ahead of Chlorien back to their camp. He stoked the fire though he wasn't cold. Despite it being early autumn, he was content to dry slowly in front of the fire, but he knew intuitively Chlorien suffered from the cold. He crouched down, looking back along the track where Chlorien slowly walked, his eyes taking in the slender form that clothes clung to. Nobody now, he thought appreciatively, would mistake the figure approaching for a boy. The smile in Nikos's eyes deepened.
Chlorien shivered when she neared Nikos. Casually she was handed a large, heavy cloth and was advised to strip off the wet garments. This made her look nervously down at the Rox, but as he seemed preoccupied with the fire, she reluctantly peeled off the wet clothes, wrapped the cloth firmly round her and crept close to the fire that now blazed. Nikos came up behind her with a cloak that he draped round her. He returned to the fire where he heated taksh. As soon as it was hot, he handed the girl a mug that she clasped eagerly, her slender fingers curled appreciatively round it. She grinned up at Nikos.
"Thank you."
She got a pat on the head before Nikos stooped to retrieve his mug. He lounged opposite and watched her. He thought the feathery curls bouncing all over her head and shoulders very appealing.
"What happened today will happen again," he said, after a long silence during which Chlorien stared into the fire. She looked up at Nikos, her eyes lingering on his face.
"Yes," she said simply. "I know it will."
Nikos was reminded this child had intelligence and power that still developed, but he sensed, too, she emerged from Ambrosian childhood very fast. He had to be extremely cautious.
"Do you mind?" he asked carefully. She saw kindness in the gold-flecked eyes and decidedly shook her head. Nikos thought how taking she was and how innocent.
"Why does it happen?" she asked, raising the mug to her mouth.
Nikos went to answer, then stopped. He was perceptive enough to know Chlorien wasn't ready to understand; one day, intuitively, she would. He drank before answering.
"Perhaps it's because we're beginning to understand each other," he suggested. "As long as it doesn't alarm you, little one."
"No," responded Chlorien quickly. "It was - I haven't felt quite that before, though melding with Father's very like." She stopped. "It's different, Nikos, but I like it. I can't describe it."
"Then don't try," he advised, an eyebrow raised at her. She gave a roguish smile.
"No," she agreed. "I won't."
Nikos laughed and drew out the pipe. As he played, Chlorien felt suddenly drowsy, closed her eyes and drained the mug, though she still held it for residual warmth. The music took her and she drifted contentedly with it.
When Nikos finished playing, he glanced across at the slumped figure, rose noiselessly and went across. He saw the mug had fallen to the ground, so, very carefully, he wound the cloak round Chlorien more firmly, then lifted her and carried the girl into the undergrowth to her pallet. There he pulled up the hood of the cloak to cover the still damp hair. When he went back to the fire to sit and think, he decided he'd watch more keenly in his natural form. He translated. He had no fears of Shadowlanders, but Nikos was well aware of other dangers that faced himself, but more especially the girl he guarded.
Some hours later he lifted his head at movement from the undergrowth. Still draped with the cloak, Chlorien crept up to him round the dying fire and climbed between the large paws. Nikos sat so she could rest her head on his furry chest. She stayed there with him, warm and secure, the large black and golden head above her looking down while she slept. The Rox's dark eyes were sombre and this time it was Nikos who was thinking of Autoc.
~~~
They journeyed for weeks. As the weather got colder Chlorien shivered, just as Bethel and Luton did. They walked by day and rested by night, a sharpness to the air that stayed with them. The forest let in sunlight but it lacked warmth. Even with leaves falling and letting in more light, it didn't seem to help.
Apart from the chill, their days were idyllic and companionable. There was no pursuit and no pressure. Chlorien felt she'd known Nikos all her life, her trust in him implicit. Though the skies were most often cloudy as more weeks passed, Chlorien seemed not to notice as she listened to the Rox, asked questions and learned. They translated regularly, Nikos promptly taking whatever form Chlorien preferred - one day a canas, the next she was a larkbill and he imitated Autoc by becoming a harper. That actually made Chlorien laugh rather than feel sad. She didn't see the Rox's approving smile. Though they took whatever form took their fancy, Nikos never let Chlorien translate to a Rox again and he only took that form at night. She never questioned his decisions. He continued to teach her where Autoc left off.
Chlorien was surprised she'd seen no people in the Shadowlands and mentioned that one day. They walked steadily along an ill-defined path, scuffed at leaves and both wished that for once the grey clouds would disperse and let through some sun to lighten the gloom.
"Where are all the people of this land?" she asked, just as they reached an open meadow. She noticed Nikos had stopped and spread his cloak on the damp ground. He gestured that she join him. He gave her a piece of fruit and cheerfully gnawed on a piece himself.
"They're folk of the Shadowlands. Do you expect them to show themselves, then?" Chlorien turned her head to look at Nikos directly.
"Wouldn't they want to know who we are?" she asked in naive surprise.
"They probably do," was the response. "Even if they don't, why should they? We're doing no harm."
"But this is their land," persisted Chlorien. "We're intruders." Nikos laughed.
"They're whole people, child, like the Gnosti. They don't assume they're the only people who exist. They wouldn't see us as intruders." Chlorien shook her head.
"Father told me it's unwise just to walk into the Shadowlands." Nikos had to bend his head precipitately to hide the amusement that comment evoked. He was silent for a moment.
"Child, it all depends on your intentions. If you were the warlord with his southern army, and you ill-advisedly decided to invade the Shadowlands, then -." Nikos left the rest of the sentence unspoken. Chlorien nodded, accepting that without argument.
Nikos didn't tell her of the folk who were their almost constant companions, nor did he tell her of Autoc's catlin who came and went, padding along silently behind them. Chlorien finished her fruit, then lounged back on her elbows.
"Tell me, Nikos, of this warlord. Father was reluctant to talk of the southern army other than to say that Ohb and Queeb," here she shivered, but went on, "were as anxious to find me as the warlord himself."
While she spoke, Nikos's eyes scanned her face as he evaluated what she could be told. He seemed to think he could speak, because he leaned on one elbow and began to tell her what had occurred in the south, before and after Ortok. He didn't mention her brothers, nor did he say other than that the southern sorcerer and the warlord had much in common.
Their walk afterwards was silent, while Chlorien tried to come to grips with everything Nikos told her, the warlord's seeming invincibility deeply frightening her. Her childhood fear of him re-surfaced. Then she thought of Malekim. Without Autoc's reassuring physical presence, she felt swamped anew by a terror absent for some time. She felt alone and vulnerable.
"Little one, is it fear of what I told you, child?" Nikos looked at the white face turned to his and had his answer. He entered her mind, his voice as deep and calm as Autoc's. "You're safe with me. Remember?"
"I know," she sent. "I know that, Nikos. It's the thought of what could happen if the warlord ever meets up with -." The thought in Nikos' mind was snapped off.
"Go on, child," he prompted firmly.
"The mage Malekim," she sent back weakly.
"I know you fear him and rightly so. Calm yourself. You haven't thought of Malekim for a very long time, have you?"
"No," she whispered out loud, on a deep shiver.
"It's something you're going to have to do, child, sooner or later." The arms about Chlorien tightened even more and she shrank back into them.
"I will," she murmured. "I will."
"Not yet, little one," said the deep voice above her. "Be easy on that, Chlorien." And, as Autoc had done so many times, Nikos now stroked her curls. She looked up, her eyes wide.
~~~
Autumn closed and winter approached. Savage frosts greeted them on rising. Chlorien became increasingly dependent on the warmth from Nikos' fur as she cuddled into him, without thought, night after night. The sharp bite of winter chill didn't touch when she was against his chest and his paws were wrapped around her.
She learned much about the Rox, though at first Nikos was unwilling to speak of his kind. He told her little and showed her less, but, as they travelled further and deeper into the forest, he was more prepared to open his mind. She saw the Rox, she learned their history and understood they only flourished away from Ambros. With Nikos as her guide she tried to understand their self-knowledge and their wisdom. Their wholeness as a highly empathic species was beyond her comprehension. Nikos never spoke much of that.
Often, when Nikos lay in front of the fire, his coat shining and his head rested on his paws, Chlorien looked longingly at him as he stared intently into the flames, reminded sharply of Autoc. One evening, late, when the fire had all but burned down, he sent quietly to Chlorien as she settled between his paws.
"This is an old saying, child. Listen well and think on it.
 Union of dark
 Union of light
 Quenches the flames
 And dispels gathering night."
Chlorien looked up, startled, to see his dark eyes watched her. She stared at him for a long moment and then wearily laid her head on one of his paws. The other paw rested on her shoulder, gently, but firmly and protectively.
"Nikos," she sent sleepily.
"Yes, child?"
"Will I ever see Lilium?"
"Yes, Chlorien, you will."
Chlorien slept. Nikos kept watch over her, conscious again how she'd experienced another surge of growth. He thought Autoc would be delighted with her maturity and the way her power developed. It happened very rapidly.
"Yes," said Nikos out loud, still in his Rox form. "You'll come with me to Lilium."


CHAPTER FORTY-TWO

Sarehl found it hard to believe his time wandering in the north, to advise states about what the southern warlord did to Ambros, had finally ended. Persuasion and negotiation would continue, but his struggle, to make rulers realise the complexity of the problems facing Ambros and the enormity of what Lodestok had done, was complete.
Elban representatives came voluntarily to the Strategos while he was an honoured guest in Kyaran, and they needed little persuading that they, too, had to join forces with the northern army - their continued existence depended on it and they acknowledged that. They were quick to send men and commanders to the south of Kyaran to await the arrival of the Marshal with the massive combined force.
Since the day Sarehl began to recover from the attack he suffered at Churchik hands, he'd done nothing other than think about organisation and advocacy. He felt, sadly, the scholar was washed away in the necessity of the moment, though his unusual skills and power of eloquence served the cause he stood for admirably. Ambros already owed much to this man's tireless efforts. Sarehl didn't recognise this, but everyone else did. So did the warlord who was now well aware of the acute intelligence skilfully weaving disparate groups into a coherent, organised and formidable opposition, well supported, he now knew, by Dahkilans.
Now Sarehl stood in the outer courtyard in the city of Krynn, his entourage swelling about him as he watched the scurrying to and fro and listened to the crisp commands being issued all about him. He ignored them. Strategos Sarehl now moved southwest, to join the northern army temporarily camped not far from northern Kyaran soil. Sarehl stood meditatively, Kaleb to his right and Kalor to his left, Dalmin, Arth and Sache close behind. It was obvious a move was imminent, so Sarehl nodded absently at Kalor and moved across to where the women stood quietly waiting.
"It's time," he said gently to Kasan, who turned at his approach.
"This is so slow," she teased, relaxing so he could throw her up into the saddle.
"I thought," he remarked with an injured air, "we'd done very well. It's been not quite three hours."
"All very well, Strategos," laughed Kasan, settling herself and uplifting the reins. "You don't have a small child to attend to."
"True," responded Sarehl, crossing to Sasqua and holding out his arms to the little boy who wriggled to get to him. Sarehl swung Kalbeth to his shoulder and turned to watch Sasqua gracefully mount. "Do you wish the lad to ride with you, or with one of us, Sasqua?"
"I will take him for the first part of the day," she replied. Kalbeth flung his arms about Sarehl's neck.
"Now then, lad," remonstrated Sarehl gently. "I'm not leaving you and you may ride with me later. For the moment, you go with Mater." Kalbeth only knew a few words, but they were quite distinct.
"Shar," he said succinctly, nestling his head into Sarehl's, the dark curls entwined and fingers clutching hard.
"Back to Mater now, Kalbeth."
Sarehl lifted the little boy high in the air above him, waited for the adorable gurgle that always engendered and saw again the younger brother he'd adored. He thought it cruel this little boy, so endearing and delightful, should cause him such pain. It was something he'd managed to hide from all but Kaleb and he was careful never to let it touch his dealings with a child who was the image of his father. Kalbeth was swung chuckling back to his mother who secured him in front of her, her hand sweeping across the dark head in a gesture of affection.
"He is upset he has seen you so little in the last few days, Sarehl," Sasqua said. "He calls for you."
"I know," murmured Sarehl. "Affairs of state wait for no one, my dear. At least now we're away from all that, and the endless protocol, we'll all see more of each other."
"Everyone is kind to Beth's child."
"To Beth and Sasqua's child," corrected Sarehl calmly. "It isn't surprising. He's an adorable little fellow. You're a very good mother, Sasqua."
Sarehl held up a hand to her. She took it, her gentle smile making her thin face lighten suddenly, her eyes shining when she glanced down at the small dark head against her chest. She and Sarehl saw the thumb tuck in the corner of the mouth and it made them both laugh. He let go Sasqua's hand and turned back to Kasan.
"Are you coming with us?" she enquired. "Or are you walking?"
"I want you both to be as close to Kaleb as you can," he replied. He crossed to her, and, without having to stretch upward, tweaked one of her long tresses. "Pass the lad to one of us as soon as you both tire."
~~~
The journey was made in cool weather, but mercifully the snows had melted and the harsh unrelenting winds had passed. The air was cool but still and any sun was welcome. Sarehl was preoccupied with plans he proposed for the deployment of the army, Kaleb was busy dealing with an epidemic that swept through the entourage, and Kasan was kept busy, too, because Kalbeth got a cold that left him fractious. Sasqua had never fully regained her health, so was unable to manage a sick boy on her own and she relied heavily on Kasan whom she trusted from their first meeting. Kalbeth fretted for Sarehl if the man was gone for more than a short time. Sasqua just smiled at that and reminded Sarehl that Churchik boys grew up with their fathers.
After a week, the little boy was well enough to ride about on Sarehl's shoulders, his hands plucking at Sarehl's curls in sheer delight, his large, blue eyes sparkling. It was on one of those occasions, that Kalbeth came out with a word that startled everyone. Smiling at the giggling and gurgling boy, Sarehl had just swung the child backwards and forwards through the air and was about to place him firmly on the ground, when Kalbeth stared back up at Sarehl and said clearly:
"Da."
As the child's feet met earth, Sarehl went to speak, but something in the boy's eyes suggested he shouldn't. Kalbeth stood quite still and continued to look up, his big eyes wistful.
"Da," he repeated, pointing to Sarehl and then to himself. "Lil Beff," he said.
Kaleb came forward quietly to stand in front of the little boy. He went to his knees, a hand out to Kalbeth.
"Yes, you're a little Beth, lad. And Sar-da is your father, yes, but you've another Da as well. You're named after your Da, aren't you?" The little head nodded.
"Da?" he asked again, turning to Sarehl. Sarehl saw Kaleb's imperceptible nod and immediately lifted Kalbeth in his arms again.
"Aye, lad," he answered gently. "Until you're older you call me Da or Sar-da."
Kalbeth snuggled into him, lifted his head and said in the treble childish voice, "Da, Da, Shar-da."
He considered that for a moment, then began to chant it as he was carried firmly off to bed by a tall man very close to tears.
~~~
Later, when Sarehl came back to the fire, he was met by a thoughtful stare from the healer. Sarehl sat, his eyes on the fire.
"That was inevitable," said Kaleb placidly.
"I suppose," was the response.
"Bethel called you that as a small child, didn't he?"
"Yes."
"And the others?"
"All of them, yes. They had no other father."
"Kalbeth has no father either." The dark eyes lifted from contemplating the fire.
"He has Bethel."
"Not a father he can know and understand, Sarehl. You're a father to him, and, like it is for Bethel, you'll always be that. Even when his own father comes home, Kalbeth will have two father personas quite distinct in his mind."
"I'm not his father."
"You're not Bethel's father either." Sarehl bit his lip.
"He's a son to me," he whispered. "I raised him with Mam."
"So's Kalbeth, my friend. You're raising him with Sasqua. What holds you back from giving fully to that child?" Sarehl looked up sharply at that.
"I don't hold back from him."
"Do you feel it would be disloyal to Bethel?"
"No."
"Are you afraid?"
"Yes."
"What of? That this boy may come to mean as much to you as his father does? That you may lose him as you've lost Beth? Has the hurt over Bethel gone so deep, Sar, you can't bear to give all you once gave one child to another?"
The dark head bowed. It was obvious Sarehl had difficulty sorting out his own mind.
"I don't know."
"Let the boy come to you, Sarehl. Open to him as you did to the others, especially to Bethel. The child's making the overtures." The healer saw hurt in black eyes that briefly met his. "I know you haven't discouraged him, my friend, but I also know there's part of you, deep inside, that rejects the child ever being born. He senses it because there's something very special and unusual about that child. Don't ask me what it is, but he craves absolute acceptance from you, Sar, and when he doesn't get it there's sad wistfulness in those beautiful eyes that follow you."
"I didn't know," whispered Sarehl. "I've tried to be everything to him. I couldn't hurt part of Bethel."
"No, Sar, I know," responded Kaleb, his voice understanding and his hand out to touch his friend's arm. "I don't mean to be unkind. I care for you both."
"He's so much like his father, Kaleb, you simply don't -." The deep voice broke. Sarehl put his head in his hands.
"That's it, isn't it?" said the healer calmly. "Always he acts as a reminder of the boy torn from you, tortured and abused." Sarehl couldn't speak. "Sar, see only the joy you had with Bethel. Enjoy the pleasure of watching Kalbeth grow the way you did with Bethel, and help shape him as you did Bethel.
Let the similarities bring comfort, not grief. Think how blessed you are the lad's so like someone you dearly love, and stop seeing him as an image that haunts and torments you. Think, too, of handing back to Bethel a son as like he was at the same age as you can make him. Take pride in the child you help to mould. He's very young, not yet three cycles, but there's so much he wants to give and he wants to give it to you. The others did and you accepted it. Bethel did. Now Kalbeth does."
"I'll think over what you say," murmured Sarehl tiredly. Kaleb eyed him thoughtfully and said no more.
~~~
The next weeks saw the relationship between one small boy and a very tall man blossom. Dark eyes stared down into adoring blue ones as the pair walked very slowly together, the man guiding little steps with a smile. Sarehl lifted Kalbeth into his arms and chattered to him in exactly the way he did with Bethel and his siblings. Kalbeth saw such an expression in black eyes when he was brought to Sarehl by the fire, he seemed transformed. Kaleb noticed, as the weeks went by, the little boy was calmer.
He said nothing. He just watched with approval. Sarehl in no way held back from Bethel's son. The healer saw clearly how Sarehl must've been with his younger siblings and his own children, especially with Bethel, and it helped him to more fully understand how devastatingly hurt and traumatised Sarehl had been.
~~~
Sarehl saw the approaching party and rubbed at his scar, as he anticipated meeting up with Ensore after so many long and tiresome cycles. He glanced across at Kasan who rode beside him this afternoon, aware she strained to identify who the advance riders were.
"Can you tell yet?" he asked, in a teasing voice. Kasan transferred her gaze to Sarehl, her eyes clear but anxious.
"I've been long gone from my home, Sarehl, but I think one of them's Ongwin."
"Yes, I think so too," agreed her mate. "They're all there, my love - your family and part of mine." He swung round to Kalor and Kaleb who rode behind them, flanking Sasqua and Kalbeth. "I wish to ride ahead," he informed them quietly. "Kasan hasn't seen her brothers since she was a child."
"Go ahead," advised Kaleb, on a grin and a nod. "There's time aplenty for us all to talk, as doubtless we will."
Sarehl nodded at Kasan. They moved forward, urging their horses to a canter. They noticed that four riders from the welcoming party did the same, one rider much younger than the others. Sarehl could now clearly see the two pair of brothers. His heart raced.
The riders met in a jangling of harness, all dismounting in haste for emotional greetings of families torn apart. Men hastily came forward, but then imperceptibly paused. Eli and Ensore stared with disbelief at a woman they'd last seen as a child, then their astonished gazes took in Sarehl who stood beside her. He wasn't looking at them. He stood, surprised, as he took in the tall, leggy boy standing with Daxel.
Kasan broke the frozen tableau. She stepped forward with hands out.
"Ens," she whispered huskily, through gathering and falling tears.
Ensore took two quick strides to be beside her and caught her in a crushing embrace, quite unable to speak for a few moments. Eli was beside her as well, his arms out and his wicked gray eyes suddenly moist.
"Little Kasa," he said and coughed. He had to clear his throat noisily several times when she transferred from her elder brother to the younger. "Gods, but you've grown! I remember the girl and here's a woman."
"Eli," she managed, before she was clasped so tightly she could scarcely breathe. The three stood talking briefly, their voices low, until Kasan turned towards her mate.
Ensore looked across at Sarehl who had an arm about each brother, their heads bent together as they spoke quietly to one another, the three of them briefly in a world of their own. The emotion was so intense, it was almost unbearable. It was several moments before people broke apart. It was Sarehl who spoke first.
"Lad," he began, rubbing a hand across his eyes and staring down to a boy who lacked only four inches to be six feet tall and was of a strong and athletic build. "I left a child with Maren, but look at you. How you've shot up, Brue!" Brue smiled shyly at his older brother. "I hardly recognise you, lad. Dase, isn't he so like his father?"
"Aye," chuckled Daxel, grinning affectionately at Brue. "You ask Maren how much he eats and then you'll know why the boy's so big."
Sarehl saw the shy smile again and realised, with a slight twist to his heart, that the naughty, ebullient child was absent. He wondered if it was because Brue was overcome to see him again, or whether he simply saw the future mature man. He rested his hand on the young shoulder again and smiled down into the big, ingenuous blue eyes.
"I can't help growing, Sar."
"Course not. You're just at an age where any absence makes your rapid growth very noticeable. You look very well. You're obviously well cared for, aren't you?" Brue nodded his curly head.
"I'm told to eat well," he confided, then the roguish dimple peeped out and he added, "Ceda thinks I'm sickening if I don't and her medicine for that's revolting." Sarehl had to laugh at that.
"Yes, lad," he gasped. "I can well believe it." He chuckled for a few moments, then whispered for Brue's ears alone. "I'm so proud of you, Brue, and so pleased we're together again."
"Sar," responded Brue. He leaned against Sarehl when his brother gathered him in close again. The blue eyes sparkled when he turned his head to look at Sarehl again. "Sar, it's good to be with you. Are you going away again?"
"I won't be going away for any length of time again, little brother. That I promise you. We won't be apart, gods willing." Sarehl felt a quiver run through Brue and touched the copper head very gently.
When he finally looked up he saw that Kasan, flanked by her brothers, had come forward, the Dahkilans' expressions incredulous as they rested on the Strategos who just stayed where he was. Amusement lit his eyes as they went from Ensore to Eli and back again.
"Gods," breathed Eli. "Is it you, Sar?"
"Aye," he answered.
He was aware Brue moved from his side and he saw how Daxel drew the boy protectively back beside him, an arm about the young shoulders. Sarehl went forward, his limp so much less noticeable the brothers just stared.
"I can't believe it!" exclaimed Eli, hurrying forward to greet him with extended hands. "Sarehl, you look so utterly different!"
"Do I?" laughed Sarehl, clasping the hands and looking into dancing gray eyes that looked him over critically. "I'm just the same as I was yesterday and will be tomorrow." Eli let him go and fell back a step.
"No, my friend, you're changed beyond recognition and as we'd always hoped you'd be," said Ensore in his calm way, coming up to Sarehl with his arms extended. Sarehl responded to the embrace, a faint flush tingeing his cheeks and his voice cracking a little when he spoke.
"Ens, it gives me such joy to see you again. It's been so long!"
"Likewise," said Ensore, placidly, his eyes scanning the tall figure again. He looked at Sarehl with delight and deep affection. "Young friend, this is indeed a day of miracles."
"Ens, it's long overdue we're together. I've missed you very much."
"Likewise again, Sar," Ensore replied and then he turned, drawing Kasan forward. "And we thank you, Sarehl, for what you've become to our little sister." Sarehl touched Kasan's cheek with a long, slender finger.
"She's very lovely, your sister, my friend," he said teasingly. "How could I help but fall for her charms?"
"Sarehl, I wish -."
Ensore was cut short. Laughingly, Daxel claimed Kasan's attention, Brue blushed at something Eli said to him and turned to appeal to Sarehl, while other riders converged on them. Amused, Ensore just shrugged, his brows raised at Sarehl who lifted his hands helplessly at what rapidly became milling confusion.
Ensore finally managed to say in an aside, "We'll talk later, Sarehl."
Sarehl had time to nod, before he had his hands grasped by Ongwin who marvelled at his appearance and Ensore was forcefully claimed by Sache, Dalmin and Arth. Daxel stood back with Kasan and Brue. They found Kalor advanced on them, his arms out to Brue who went to him and was enfolded by very strong arms, the bond between the two as strong as the day Kalor found a sad little child he befriended.
It was Daxel who was signalled over by Kaleb to a shrinking and timid Sasqua who'd just dismounted, Kalbeth still clasped in her arms.
Daxel strode across, saying gently, "You remember me, Sasqua, don't you?"
"Yes," she replied, Kalbeth held protectively.
"Well then, sister, welcome. Won't you show me little Beth? I can see he's still got his father's coloured hair."
"That's not all," warned Kaleb, crossing to them and nodding briskly at Daxel. "Give the child to Dase, Sasqua, and let him see the boy for himself."
Sasqua held the still drowsy boy out to Daxel, who lifted the child so he could be cradled. He rocked the boy gently, speaking softly to him, then gave an exclamation when the huge eyes opened sleepily.
"Shar-da," mumbled Kalbeth, staring up at the darkly-bearded face.
"Gods, the eyes," muttered Daxel. "Is he so like Bethel as a child?"
"Yes," said Sasqua with satisfaction. "Sarehl says he's identical, except Beth has purple eyes and little Beth has blue."
"Hard on Sar," murmured Daxel, in an aside to Kaleb.
"Very," agreed Kaleb quietly, "but we all adjust, given time."
~~~
It would take time for them all to be settled as part of the huge war machine that moved inexorably north, though Sarehl could appreciate Ongwin had organisation so well in hand their pavilions were already set up. He had little to do. He and Kasan had their own quarters and Ongwin, in deference to the Strategos' written request, made sure a second smaller pavilion rested beside theirs, expressly for the use of Sasqua and Kalbeth. Next to that again were quarters for Kaleb.
Kalor, Sache, Dalmin and Arth had shown a clear preference for being with their own people, so were fairly scattered about the camp. The only alteration Ongwin made was to bring the small group of Cyrenic folk closer to the centre of camp, so Kalor wasn't too far from the centre of action and was near where Dase and Brue shared quarters close to Maren.
Sarehl left Kasan to help settle in Kalbeth. He followed Ongwin, who wished to show him the other pavilion expressly set up for the Strategos as a command centre. It was next to the large pavilion Ensore used every day in his capacity as Marshal and it was there Sarehl found him, seated quietly, his brow thoughtful and eyes staring at the ground. He glanced up when Ongwin and Sarehl entered, his calm gray eyes lighting on his friend with affectionate delight.
"Sar," he said, rising and crossing to the entrance, his hand out.
"I've been showing him where he can set up headquarters at each stop we make, my lord," explained Ongwin.
"This man's a treasure," responded Sarehl with a grin at Ongwin, his hand clasping the Marshal's for a long minute. "He's no idea how much space he's given me to spread. That could be fatal, Ongwin, because I'll use every last bit."
"There'll be someone to help with each move," replied Ongwin with a twinkle. He turned to Ensore. "Excuse me, my lord. There are things to attend to." Tactfully, Ongwin withdrew.
Ensore stood still, his eyes again scanning the tall figure. Conscious of the regard, Sarehl spoke.
"Am I so changed from when you last saw me, Ens?"
"Yes," said Ensore on a smile. "You were still essentially convalescent when we saw you go. Dase has seen you since and told us how well you were, but I admit the change comes as a shock. Now you're mated again, you've filled out, your limp's less pronounced, the scar's so faint I have to look for it and you're healed, my friend."
"Not quite," admitted Sarehl, his arm going round the Marshal. "I struggle still to accept much and I doubt the hurt will ever go away where my family are concerned."
"That, Sarehl, is understandable. Until we can see them the uncertainty won't go away. Sit, my friend, and drink a toast to our reunion."
"Willingly," murmured Sarehl, sinking into a chair and lazily watching his friend pour wine into goblets.
"You'll have noticed Dase's had another spurt of maturity," the Marshal observed, handing a goblet to Sarehl and indulging himself with a long drink from the other. "He's proving himself a very good leader and now has men under his control although he remains under Ongwin's aegis. He's developed into a fine young man, hasn't he?"
"Aye," said Sarehl, "he has. You said some of the intensity's gone from him. You've mentioned that in letters, several times."
"The lad told me about his time with Kaleb, so I've encouraged him to talk freely about Lute. He speaks of his twin with sad resignation, Sarehl, but the pain's absent. I've told him he must have hope. I believe that."
"You've been Dase's salvation, Ens."
"Nonsense!" exclaimed Ensore, startled into spilling his wine. "Damn!" He looked up to see serious black eyes study him. "If it hadn't been me, it would've been someone else."
"I doubt it," disagreed Sarehl, suddenly chuckling and raising his goblet in a salute. "To friendship, Ens."
"Likewise, my young friend."
There was a long silence, then Ensore said, "Maren's done well by young Brue, hasn't he?"
"The lad's grown so I scarcely recognised him. I've missed the growth with them all," added Sarehl, on a wistful note.
"Will Brue leave Maren and his wife now?" Surprise shone in Sarehl's eyes at that and he ran a hand over his beard.
"Gods," he muttered. "I hadn't thought of that. What do you think?"
"He's not my younger brother, Sar, but if he was I'd leave him where he is, just telling him, of course, that he can come and go with you and Kasan as he likes."
"He seems to thrive with Maren."
"He does."
"Then I'll follow your advice."
"How wise of you," approved the Marshal, with a glint in his eyes. "I imagine it's me who'll continue to follow your advice for some time to come, so I feel I must try to equal the balance from the first." He saw the answering smile in the dark eyes. "I've had little opportunity to study the little fellow but Dase assured me, as he rushed past with the child in his arms, that Kalbeth's in his father's image. You wrote that he was, my friend. Is it still so?"
"Yes," said Sarehl promptly. "I sometimes think I'm talking to and looking at Bethel, Ens."
"And?" asked Ensore gently, his eyes not leaving the younger face.
"It hurt," acknowledged Sarehl. He gave a sigh. "I didn't realise how much until Kaleb told me it was affecting the lad. I'd never do that to a child of Bethel's."
"You don't need to tell me that," said Ensore quickly, drinking steadily. "It would open a wound that goes very deep. I'm not sure how I'd cope in the same circumstances. Not very well, I suspect. And now?"
Sarehl sighed again, but there was no trace of melancholy in the deep voice, just a lingering emotional hunger only Bethel's return would satisfy. Ensore understood that and his sympathy was always near the surface.
"I'm learning to accept that Kalbeth isn't Bethel, that he's an individual in his own right who deserves the love and respect I gave his father. I've come to care for that little fellow as though he were my own."
"Lucky Kalbeth," said Ensore.
He met Sarehl's look and knew their complete understanding, established long cycles ago, was intact and that the mutual affection had merely deepened through absence. It was as if the time apart had never happened. Both knew much left unsaid was best that way and didn't need to be spoken. Both were silent and pensive in the way of old friends, utterly at ease with one another.
It was Ensore who stretched one leg, than another, his hands up behind his neck. He saw Sarehl's quizzical look and grinned, saying, "I was up late, my friend. There's much to do."
"You've worked miracles, Ensore," observed Sarehl. "I haven't been round even a tenth of the camp, but it's truly staggering how much you've done. The army looks formidable."
"It will be," agreed Ensore, upending his goblet and raising an enquiring eyebrow at Sarehl as he did the same. "Have you finished?"
"Not quite," grinned Sarehl, watching Ensore top up his goblet.
"I refuse to talk military matters so early upon your arrival," stated Ensore. "There'll be more than enough of that to come."
"True," murmured Sarehl absently, stretching out his long legs comfortably. "It's just so comfortable being back with you and away from all that damned protocol. Did you know what you were sending me to, all those cycles ago?"
"I had an idea," chuckled Ensore. "If anyone could handle it, I knew it would be you."
"Thanks for nothing," muttered Sarehl, his grin widening. "Have the Elban troops arrived yet?" Ensore held up a hand.
"No army, Sarehl. That comes later."
"Aye," mumbled Sarehl. He gave Ensore a sideways glance. "You think well of Kasan?"
"Sarehl, she looks very like our mother, though she won't remember that. I think that's what threw Eli because he only recalled a girl. She's matured into a very lovely young woman."
"She can be very Dahkilan," mused Sarehl, on a deep chuckle. "Like her brothers she has a decided will, clear ideas, a wonderful sense of the ridiculous and she handles me most adroitly. She's come to know me very well."
"Mates and dear friends do," answered Ensore, noticing the wry twist to Sarehl's lips.
"I don't think it would be easy to hide anything from that one," replied Sarehl. "She has a shrewd mind, just like her eldest brother." Ensore laughed, then spoke very seriously.
"You have our gratitude, my friend. She's deeply contented. Sar, she's not a girl anymore. Eli and I have to come to terms with one we remember only as that. It's not easy being dislocated as we all are, is it?"
"No," answered Sarehl. "And she's having our child, Ens."
Surprised gray eyes met wicked black ones, the Marshal momentarily bereft of words. He swallowed from the goblet hastily and very deeply, twice.
"That," he managed on a weak chuckle, "will throw Eli. He was saying, just before, that there's still much of the child in our little sister." He saw searching eyes study him. "What is it, Sarehl?"
"You're quite content with Kasan and me? Though your sister's very dear to me, I know our mating's unequal." Ensore rose to get more wine and brought the skin back to where Sarehl sat.
"Ease your mind on that once and for all, Sarehl," he said calmly. "Neither Eli nor I could've wanted her to be with any other. The question of status is long past relevance and not worthy of future discussion. You're our brother and that to me is all that matters." Sarehl looked hard at his friend, doubt still in the dark depths of eyes that were eloquently expressive.
"And the Curule?"
"What about them?" asked Ensore blandly.
"How will they look upon it?"
"I've no idea," responded Ensore placidly, "and I find I care even less."
"That sounds very like the Chamah-Elect," murmured Sarehl provocatively. "I'd forgotten how much one gets from tone, Ens. That's missing from letters."
When Kaleb and Kalor entered the pavilion, they saw the two men as they were in the forest cycles before, felt time roll back, and joined them. Though they were pleasantly relaxed, each man knew this was merely a respite as the southern army now drew uncomfortably closer and menacing dark clouds hovered across the world of Ambros. The northern army was now a cohesive entity but it was untried. Time was running out. A confrontation was inevitable and the northerners had to win. There was, now, no alternative to looming battle.

******


GLOSSARY.

Abylon - dragon on Ice Isle
Adept - senior Conclave member
Aelkin - Indariol of the Shadowlands
Ahliah - Prince of Kyaran
Alleghy - Elite Haskar
Almin - Acedar
Amril - Autoc's dragon
Ancient One - Bene
Asok - leader of the steppefolk/Sinhalien
Asokin - son of Asok
Autoc - Yarilan mage
Bene - Yarilan mage
Benhloriel - name contracted to Bene
Bensar - Elite Haskar/ Warlord's Second in Command
Bethel - son of Alfar and Melas
Blach - southern sorcerer
Brue - son of Melas and Bruno
Burelkin - Shadowlander title for Bene
Carok - son of Soji and Leontok
Cartok - state north of Samar
Chlorien - daughter of Melas also known as Myme Chlo
Chloronderiel - revered ancestor of the Shadowlanders/The Patriarch
Choja - Sophysun of the Wildwind Tribes
Chojoh - Sophy of the Wildwind Tribes
Correc - Vaksh/Churchik warrior
Daxel - known as Dase/twin son of Alfar and Melas
Dramas - Bene's dragon
Eli - Ensore's brother
Endorion - Ambrosian Keeper of Knowledge
Ensore - Chamah-Elect/Marshal
Esok - Elite Haskar
Floronderiel - ancient Shadowlander city
Gariok - Warlord's bard/Dominik
Goldlas - Ice Crystal dragon
Gnosti - little people of the northwest
Guardians of Ambros - the Rox
Harth - dragon
Indariol - Aelkin of the Shadowlands
Indigo - Capital of the Desert Wildwind Tribes
Jaden - Reader/Seeker Post-Level Three
Jaim - Gnosti/son of Disah
Jochoh - son of Choja
Jonqi - daughter of Luton and Soji
Kalbeth - Bethel's son
Kaleb - Healer/Reader-Seeker
Kalor - Cyrenic
Kasan - Ensore and Eli's sister
Kel - leader of mercenaries
Kone - Churchik warrior
Kher - Elite Haskar/Warlord's Third in Command
Kosko - desert lord
Kyaran - kingdom in north Ambros
Krynn - Capital of Kyaran
Leon - Adept of the Conclave
Leontok - son of Asok/ mate of Soji
Lodestok - Warlord/Saratquan
Lokar - Post-Level Four Reader/Seeker
Luth - Churchik friend of Bethel's
Luton - known as Lute/twin son of Melas and Alfar
Malekim - mage from Yarilo
Manas - Churchik warrior
Maren - Sushi cavalry Captain/Brue's guardian
Marshal - Ensore as head of the northern army
Mishak - slave boy given to Bethel
Mishtok - Head of the Conclave of Reader/Seekers
Monseignore - title for the Mishtok
Nakron - Duke of Sushi
Nikos - Rox
Ongwin - Dahkilan soldier/statesman
Ortoriol - Shadowlander name for Autoc
Otto - King of Kyaran
Ostika - Capital of the Gnosti
Paramon - Ortokian State Representative
Pic - Slave/guard at the Keep
Rox - Guardians of Ambros and Yarilo
Sagi - mate of Asok/Seer
Saratquan - warrior lord of southern city-state
Sarehl - eldest son of Melas and Alfar/Strategos
Sarssen - Third ranked warrior - Tempkar/Churchik/Yazd
Sasqua - Churchik/Bethel's mate
Seignore - Adept of the Conclave
Setoni - Adept of the Conclave
Soji - daughter of Elite Haskar Alleghy/mate of Luton/Leontok
Strategos - Sarehl
Sushi - large northern Duchy
Sven - Churchik warrior/son of Alleghy
Taki - capital of Sushi
Them - Churchik warrior guarding Soji
Ustomi - ruler of Cartok
Valshika - Lodestok's premier southern city-state
Warlord - Lodestok
Wildwind Tribes - Desert people


With a range of characters rivalling "War and Peace, "The Ambrosian Chronicles" is a unique fantasy saga of epic proportions. Set in the world of Ambros, the story follows the fortunes of one family of gifted individuals, caught up in the struggle to save their world from a force of evil, bent on revenge for events in the far past. Will Ambros survive the conflict? The answer may be found in the seven volumes of the "Ambrosian Chronicles", all written by Katy Winter and published by The Furhaven Press. Available as e-books from your favourite e-book on-line booksellers.

The books making up the saga are:

Book One: Warlord
Book Two: Children of Ambros
Book Three: Circling Birds of Prey
Book Four: The Dawn of Balance
Book Five: Light Dancing on Shadows
Book Six: Quenching the Flames
Book Seven: Metamorphosis


Ver 2.1
0315

