Prodigy
Edward Mullen
Copyright Edward Mullen 2013
Published by Imperium Publishing at Smashwords
Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
The Edward Mullen Podcast is available for free on iTunes and www.EdwardMullen.com

Prodigy
Copyright © 2013 by Edward Mullen
All rights reserved.
This book is a work of fiction. Any names, characters, places, and events are a product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to any person (alive or dead) or event is purely coincidental.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the publisher. The only exception is by a reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a published review.
Vancouver, BC, Canada
ISBN PAPERBACK: 978-0-9880487-6-8

Prod-i-gy – noun 
a.)An extremely gifted individual who has exceptional abilities, especially a child.
b.)An abnormality causing someone to have extraordinary intelligence or talents. 
c.)An unusually rare person or event that inspires wonder or amazement.
d.)A sign that something extraordinary is about to happen.
Introduction
The year 2030 was a significant turning point in human history. It was the beginning of a global catastrophe known as World War III. 
Those who were fortunate enough to survive the attacks were met with decades of economic recession, famine, and illness. Staying alive during those times required perseverance and a lot of luck. People grew despondent and any remaining civility had long since eroded. 
During the war, there was a total disregard for law and order. Riots, looting, and senseless murders were a routine occurrence in nearly every city. Financial systems unraveled, causing infrastructures to deteriorate. Entire neighbourhoods were completely abandoned as people sought refuge in rural parts of the country where it was deemed to be safer.
When the war finally ended, it was a pyrrhic victory that decimated the majority of the world’s population and left the world in a state of ruins. If there was a positive, it was that the survivors came together like never before. Roughly one billion remained – a technologically savvy group of individuals who refused to be bound by outdated ways of thinking. They had nothing more to lose and everything to gain. With a fierce tenacity, they organized together and vowed to never let the mistakes of the past lead them to war again. They used the Internet to create a true democracy that allowed them to vote on every issue. Humanity had given life to technology, and when they needed it the most, technology gave life back to humanity. 
The access to information enabled them to be tolerant of other cultures, educated about the issues, and intelligently discuss different ideologies. They took pride in rebuilding a new civilization because they felt like their voice mattered. Each law, policy, and institution was examined and discussed. Within a relatively short period of time, a new constitution was enacted by the people, for the people. Shortly thereafter, the New World Order was established – a benevolent and centralized government that became the administrative body for the entire planet. They operated with a simple agenda of creating optimal living conditions for all. There were no invasions of privacy and no invasions of countries; the sole purpose of the government’s existence was to facilitate the will of the people – the way it was intended by the ancient Greeks.
Once the financial system was put in the hands of the people rather than power-hungry individuals, everything changed for the better. The economy became more efficient and people were no longer at the mercy of cyclical fluctuations and unstable speculative markets.
The educational system of the past was determined to be fundamentally flawed as well. It was designed hundreds of years before and no longer met the requirements of the modern world. The entire world population was now required to be educated according to a contemporary curriculum consisting of ten main subjects: mathematics, finance, science, languages, law, history, philosophy, psychology, art, and athletics. Each main subject could be subdivided into a vast collection of subsidiary subjects. Amongst these traditional subjects were a number of new and important additions to the curriculum. The study of personhood, mind management, and discipline were introduced in an effort to help people better understand the complexities of their egos and to moderate their temperaments. 
Each subject would take years to master, but would not be learned in the traditional sense. Now, subjects were broken down into several parts and downloaded directly into people’s brains. Once downloaded, there would be no need for tests since the student was able to recall anything they had downloaded at a moment’s notice. For the most part, learning the traditional way, through repetition, became obsolete. Nearly everyone on the planet was enlightened, in effect, creating a world of kind and rational human beings. 
The concept of countries no longer existed. People were free to live anywhere they wished. Individuals from underprivileged parts of the world were offered the chance to receive a one-time location reassignment, temporary lodging, and a full education – completely free. Nearly everyone accepted and moved into major cities leaving many of the harshest environments on the planet abandoned.
The Child Rearing Act was introduced as a method of maintaining the global population as well as filter out children who were deemed to be a high risk for causing problems in society. Any couple desiring to have a baby was required to meet certain financial, educational, physical, and psychological prerequisites. The Act, and the subsequent evaluation process, was initially contested by a large percentage of the population, but despite the resistance, the law passed. As global populations became more stable, along with receding crime and poverty rates, the resistance eventually waned.
Before all these changes, the world was on a steep descent into depravity and this seemed like the only logical step to take. Any couple who was found to be in violation of this Act was often imprisoned and sometimes sterilized to prevent future offenses. In addition, the baby became the property of the state to ensure it would receive an adequate upbringing. Although the punishment was severe, it was deemed to be the only way to keep the system from falling back into the flawed ways of the past. 
The ubiquity of information allowed people to gain a thorough understanding of worldly cultures. As a result, many of the cultural differences between people began to fade. Despite being separated by great distances, people still felt connected to each other in a communal sense. They had no nationality, no allegiance to a flag, and viewed themselves as citizens of Earth. They acted as one conglomerate global super-culture where many old nonsensical customs were abandoned and replaced by rational thinking and empathy. For the first time in human history, there was sustained global peace.

Prologue
Year 2099
She knew this day would come and had been preparing for it for months. Now that it was finally here, she just hoped everything would go according to plan. Even though she had rehearsed the following sequence of actions in her head a thousand times, the margin for success was slim.
Operating on pure reflexes, she entered her bedroom and frantically began shoving several items into her satchel. It was late at night and she kept the lights off to remain inconspicuous, but a small glimmer of light pouring in through the window enabled her to see.
After gathering the items she needed, she cautiously approached the window. While remaining snug against the wall, she carefully parted the curtains with her fingers, allowing just enough room for her to peek out and make sure it was clear. From the window of her second-floor apartment, her eyes scanned the grounds below. Fortunately, they had not arrived yet.
With no time to waste, she aggressively tossed the window coverings aside and yanked up on the old window frame until it opened enough to allow her bulbous belly to slip through. Once outside on the emergency staircase, she grabbed the rusty railing and quickly descended down two flights of stairs. The moon barely provided enough light for her to see, but she managed. 
At the bottom of the second set of stairs was an eight-foot drop to the back alley. She hesitated a moment before making the leap, but then went for it. Like a heavy bag of sand, she hit the ground with a thud. Her knees gave out on impact and she went down hard. Her left arm hit the ground in an attempt to brace the fall while her right arm scooped across her belly to minimize the severity of the shock. She emitted a noise that sounded like a hybrid of fear and anguish. The fall had definitely rattled her, but she kept moving. After an arduous nine months of trying to conceal her pregnancy from the rest of the world, she was certainly not willing to give up that easily.
Clutching her stomach with both hands, she hobbled down the street, breathing heavily, searching for a place to hide. She knew the consequences of being caught having an unsanctioned baby meant she would be arrested and her baby would be stripped away from her. Despite what a lot of people thought, the world was not so perfect.
The streetlights illuminated every corner of the street so she darted into a dingy alley and rested against a brick wall. With her back against the building wall, she slid down into a sitting position and stared up at the starry sky. She began a series of breathing exercises to calm herself down. That was one thing she knew without having to plug in.
Breathe, breathe, breathe, she kept telling herself. She knew the baby would be coming any minute since her contractions were occurring less than two minutes apart. 
She fought with it for as long as she could, but she was just delaying the inevitable. The time had now come to deliver the baby herself, right there in the unsterile alley. For this, she would definitely need to plug in.
She quickly took out her access pod and plugged it into the port on her forearm. The holographic screen awaited her command. “Look up… how to... deliver... a baby,” she muffled in short staccato breaths.
“Data found,” a pleasant synthesized voice responded. 
“Download… data,” she commanded.
“Downloading data, approximate time… one… second,” the voice said again. A moment later, a green light indicated the data transfer was complete. “Download complete. Your storage capacity is almost full.”
She let out a horrific scream and prepared to deliver her baby. Her brain sifted through her newly acquired knowledge and selected the first step. A competing thought entered her mind and reminded her to continue the proper Lamaze techniques. As she laboured on the cold cement, her natural endorphins kicked in and flooded her bloodstream. This, combined with her deep breaths, made the pain somewhat bearable. Maybe I should’ve just turned myself in, she thought for a brief moment. She pushed those thoughts aside.
The sound of synthesized sirens blared in the background, letting her know she didn’t have much time before they arrived.
She reached into her bag and pulled out her proximity cleanser – a portable sanitary device that emitted an electrical pulse, killing germs and bacteria instantly within a short radius. She flipped on the switch and gave the device a tight squeeze. A flash of light burst out in all directions and simultaneously emitted a low-pitched echo. The light and sound occupied only a fraction of a second and then dispersed. With her hands now completely sanitized, she reached into her bag, pulled out a blanket, and laid it on the ground as neatly as possible given the situation.
Breathe, breathe, breathe, she reminded herself as she tried to regain control of her breathing. It was too much to ask for deep breaths at that point. The baby was surely on its way any moment. She would have to settle for short shallow breaths.
“AAAAHHHHH!” she cried out in agony. “Oh my god – oh my god… just relax, breathe,” she said out loud to herself. 
Most women preferred to use artificial wombs instead of giving birth the natural way. Avoiding the burdensome effects on the body was just one benefit. The other advantage was a machine would nurture the fetus under the most optimal conditions possible, ensuring it received the ideal amount of nutrients and stimuli. That was a luxury she could not afford. 
She was all alone, giving birth by herself in a dark and barren alley. Ironically, if she were to throw a stone in any direction, she would likely hit someone with vast amounts of medical knowledge. 
“AAAAHHHHH!” she screamed out again.
So far, she was following the instructions perfectly – slow steady pushes in between contractions. She reached down and could feel the top of the baby’s head as it emerged from the crowning stage. She continued to push and felt as though she might pass out from the pain, but she somehow summoned the strength to endure. A few deep breaths and pushes later and the baby’s head fully emerged. She took one last deep breath and gave a final push, and the rest of the body slipped out. She let out a huge sigh of relief and began to cry. The baby, now lying bare in the crisp night air, also began to cry.
She wrapped the baby up in the blanket and laid it gently against her chest. She would have to deal with the umbilical cord later. For now, she just wanted to savour the moment. Her first time giving birth was a success, despite being under less-than-optimal conditions. She was exhausted, but proud, holding her beautiful baby girl. 
An instant later, two ominous shadows stretched down the long alley. She cast her gaze down the alley toward the figures. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust, but when they did, she saw two uniformed guardians standing with their backs to the light, creating a glow around their dark silhouettes. Judging by their massive frames, she figured they were at least 6'5" each. The two guardians shined their lights on her. She had barely enough energy to turn away from the bright lights. Her face was moist with sweat and she looked like she had just been through an ordeal.
“Come with us please, madam,” one of the guardians demanded.
The guardians assisted her to her feet and helped her into the guardian transport vehicle. “Where are you taking me?” she asked worriedly.
“You are under arrest for the violation of the Child Rearing Act.”
One of the guardians activated his precision laser cutter, causing a tiny blue beam of light to protract from the small handheld device. It made a faint humming noise, which grew louder as he brought the device closer. 
“No,” the woman pleaded. 
One of the guardians held the baby while the other one used the device to effortlessly cut through the umbilical cord.
“Where are you taking my baby?”
“This baby has now become a reclaimed citizen of the Union and will be given a proper upbringing.”
“But I can give her a proper upbringing!” she pleaded.
“Unfortunately madam, that is not for you to decide.”
The woman was secured in the back of a transport vehicle and the doors were sealed shut. The baby was placed in a second vehicle where medics checked its vital signs. Both vehicles hovered for a moment and then silently took off into the night.
The faint cries of the woman could be heard as she screamed in the back of the vehicle. “Give me back my baby!”

Chapter One
Year 2117 — 18 years later
Alex returned from her graduation ceremony and approached the window in her room. Sitting on a large sill, she stared out at the cityscape under the beautiful golden sky. She began daydreaming about her mother, which she did often. Is she out there somewhere? Who is she? Why did she abandon me? There were so many questions that needed answers.
It was Alex’s last day at the Facility. She had graduated earlier than usual by completing the mandatory fundamental education at age fourteen and the elective advanced education, in two separate disciplines, by the time she was eighteen. She was the youngest person in history to do that, which caused her to receive quite a bit of attention from the major media outlets. She didn’t particularly care for the attention, but she enjoyed some of the perks that came along with it. As a result of the buzz surrounding her, practically every firm in the world offered her lucrative employment contracts with cushy benefits. Judging by her demeanour, a person would have no idea she was so gifted. She didn’t allow any of it to go to her head. Most students finished their fundamental education at age twenty and if they were not too burnt out, and their brain capacity permitted, they would typically complete their advanced education by age twenty five. Alex was seven years ahead of any other student her age, including Milo.
“I hope I’m not interrupting anything,” Milo said, as he entered the room with care.
“No, not at all. Come in.”
“What are you doing?” he asked. 
“I’m just staring out the window one last time, trying to preserve this view in my mind. It’s hard to believe it’s my last day here.”
“When are you leaving?” 
“As soon as I finish packing.” 
“Have you decided what your plan is when you get out?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Have you accepted any offers yet?”
“No, but I’m thinking about interning at a law firm.”
“Lawyers still exist? I thought we got rid of all of them,” Milo joked. “You may as well be a butter churner; it’s just as obsolete as being a lawyer.”
“That’s not true.”
 “Why don’t you just sell some of your inventions? I’d be the first to order your invisibility cloak.”
“I can’t, I don’t own the IP rights. Besides, invisibility cloaks are illegal.”
“They are? I didn’t know that.”
“See that’s why there are lawyers. There are a lot of aspects about the law the average person doesn’t know.”
“So I’m average? Thanks.”
“You know what I mean. I was just using you as an example.”
“Why are invisibility cloaks illegal?”
“What’s the first thing you would do if you were invisible?”
“I don’t know, spy on some women, rob a bank, punch unsuspecting people in the face.”
“Exactly. That’s what most people would do.”
“Is that why you don’t let me borrow your cloak?”
“Of course, you just told me you would immediately turn into a criminal if you had it. I wouldn’t want to live in a world with a bunch of invisible people walking around.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right.”
Milo sat across from Alex, staring at her. Similarly, he was trying to preserve the image of her in his mind. Alex was a remarkable specimen, both inside and out. Her physical beauty was indescribable and her IQ was immeasurable. It was only natural that Milo developed feelings for her. Although he had speculations at times, he was not quite sure how she felt about him. Every now and then, situations would arise where she would give him a look or touch his arm in a certain way that would convince him that she was trying to convey her feelings toward him, but he would quickly dismiss those thoughts as wishful thinking. 
“So, will I ever see you again?” he asked.
“Of course, it’s not like you’re a prisoner here, we can hang out whenever you want.”
“I know, it’s just—” he paused. Alex turned to look at him.
“We can still hang out all the time okay, nothing will change. Milo, you’re my only friend, it’s not like I have anyone else to hang out with, right?” 
“I already know how this whole thing is going to unfold. You’re going to move out, meet other people, and we’ll slowly grow apart. Eventually, our friendship will completely dissolve and I’ll never see you again.”
“Oh really, is that what’s going to happen? How can you say you know when you really don’t know?”
“I don’t know,” Milo shrugged as his intellect felt inferior.
“We may even grow closer.”
“Maybe it’ll be a good thing you’re leaving – you won’t be around to constantly remind me how dumb I am.”
“Don’t say that, you’re not dumb.”
“Compared to you I am.”
“Why are you so concerned about comparing yourself to others? Be confident with who you are, women like that in a man.”
“That’s easy for you to say, you’re the only person in history to graduate seven years ahead of schedule. Not one year, not three – seven!”
“You shouldn’t get down on yourself about that, and you certainly shouldn’t praise me for anything I accomplished. Remember what Immanuel Kant said, ‘we should not praise people who are naturally inclined to do certain things, rather we ought to praise those who are not so inclined, but through their sheer will discover the righteous path.’ The fact my brain can store a lot of data has nothing to do with anything I did. I guess you could say I just got lucky and hit the genetic lottery.”
“Yeah, twice,” he grumbled.
“What’s that?”
“Oh nothing. It’s just, given your genetic disposition you could’ve made other choices that did not exploit your gifts.”
“Again, I should hardly be praised for that. Since birth, I was introduced to a system that placed a strong emphasis on achieving academic excellence, what choice did I really have?”
“I guess you’re right, as usual.”
Alex was ambivalent about transitioning from her life at the Facility to being a free and independent citizen. Her entire life had been spent studying at the Facility – it was the only life she really knew. She was academically brilliant, but her actual life experience was seriously underdeveloped.
Like many other kids in the Facility, Alex was an orphan – separated at birth from her mother due to a violation of The Child Rearing Act. As such, she was required by law to carry out the beginning stages of her life at the Facility. Since those requirements had been fulfilled, it was time for her to pursue the next stage of her life, whatever that may be.

Chapter Two
The great pyramid of Megalopolis was a magnificent engineering achievement designed to reduce commuting and negate the effects of urban sprawl. The massive structure was comprised of a network of steel trusses and tiered platforms. Erected on the outskirts of the crumbling city, the Megaplex pyramid was just a sample of modern human ingenuity. It was a contemporary version of the ancient pyramid of Giza – a true testament to how far humans had come in a relatively short span of time. 
Home to nearly one million people, the Megaplex hosted an array of retail and office spaces, parks and entertainment, hospitals and schools, and also subsidized housing for new graduates. The pyramid represented a new age of living – a structure that was almost entirely self-sufficient. So far, it was the only one of its kind.
As the taxi approached the pyramid, Alex looked at her new home. She had to tilt her head just to see the top of it. Construction on the project had been completed eight months ago, but it was the first time she had seen the structure up close. The mere sight of it nearly took her breath away. As the taxi continued toward the great pyramid, Alex never broke her gaze. She had only seen pictures of it previously and was not prepared for how grand and beautiful it was in person. 
Her eyes continued to scan the angular panels, which were outfitted with the latest solar technology and wind propellers. Since Earth’s oil reserves had been depleted many years ago, this was a common way to utilize as much renewable energy from the environment as possible. 
The taxi traversed silently into the pyramid and stopped in front of one of the internal transport hubs. Alex exited the vehicle with her large bag and stood in silence for a moment. She felt like she was in the centre of a human beehive. There seemed to be a genuine hustle in the atmosphere, which was invigorating for her. Things were zipping in all sorts of directions, robots shuffled around attempting to sell merchandise to people, and LED screens lit up with bright messages and colourful advertisements. The plant life inside was abundant and did its part to counteract the modern industrial ambience. It was a true work of art.
She knew the sense of awe she was feeling would soon wear off and be replaced by boredom or even contempt, so she savoured the moment. As with most things in the world that are amazing, they often become mundane and insignificant with time.
The taxi hovered for a moment and then accelerated out of the pyramid, leaving behind a trail of water vapour. It was now time for Alex to navigate the megacity on her own. She raised her left arm, which held her access pod, and reviewed her coordinates. She gave a simple voice command and within seconds she had the precise location of her apartment along with a detailed map listing the exact steps she needed to take to get there. 
With cautious optimism, she took the first step on what would become the journey of the rest of her life – or at least the beginning of a new chapter. She walked toward a transport vehicle and eagerly boarded with the other commuters. The tram doors closed and an automated voice greeted the passengers. Within seconds, the rapid tram accelerated through the tube so quickly that it caused Alex’s stomach to churn.  
As if sensing her unfamiliarity, a stranger offered her some words of encouragement.
“Is it your first time in the pyramid?” a young man asked.
“Yeah, is it that obvious?” Alex asked timidly, displaying her gorgeous smile.
“I know it can be a bit overwhelming at first, but don’t worry, you’ll get used to it.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” she remarked.
“I’m Aris.” 
“Aris? Is that short for Aristotle?” Alex asked.
“Aristotle? Who’s that?”
“Never mind.” Her second guess would have been Ares, the Greek god of war, but figured that would be unlikely. Nobody would name their kid after some war god, especially one known for being a murderous coward.
“So what’s your name?”
“Alex… Alex Gray.”
“As in, Alexander the Great?” he joked.
“You know Alexander the Great, but you don’t know who Aristotle is?” she asked in disbelief.
“Yeah, why, are they related?”
“Aristotle was Alexander’s teacher.”
“Really?” he said displaying an interest.
The synapses in Alex’s brain fired up with the ferocity of a jet engine as she searched her vast database of knowledge. Like an old juke box selecting a record from a stack, she isolated the relevant information and brought it forth for instant access.
“Aristotle’s dad was the physician to King Amyntas of Macedon. The king had a little son named Philip, who was the same age as Aristotle. Since Aristotle was always around his dad, it was inevitable that he became friends with the young prince. As they grew older, Prince Philip succeeded his father and became King Philip. Even as adults, the king and Aristotle were still very close friends. When King Philip had a son of his own, the young Alexander, he asked Aristotle to tutor his boy, and he did.”
“Wow, I never knew that. So is that who you are named after?”
“No, my name is short for Alexandra… but I’m not named after anyone in particular.” 
“That’s nice.”
To avoid an awkward pause, Aris continued asking questions.
“So where are you staying, Alex?”
“In Facility Housing for now,” she replied.
“Which one?”
“It’s called Green View Echelon.”
“Oh Green View, that’s where I live. I can show you around.”
Green View Echelon was an entry-level housing community located on the upper-most tier of the pyramid. The view was incredible, but it was on the smallest tier and furthest away from everything. Assisted living facilities were established to wean new graduates into society. Instead of students worrying about finding a place to live and a job all at once, the government made the transition much smoother so they only had to focus on one thing. Once they found employment and saved up some money, they were expected to transition into society as fully independent citizens. 
Alex and her new friend, Aris, rode the automated tram as it travelled up one of the trusses. When they approached the top tier of the pyramid, Alex’s access pod came to life. “Approaching destination,” the robotic voice said. Alex quickly reached down to silence her pod, then looked around feeling a little embarrassed. For the most part, people were pleasant and no one seemed to mind the minor disturbance. Everyone seemed relaxed and stress free.
The doors opened and the remaining few people on the tram deboarded.
“Come on, this way,” Aris said as they headed down the wide walkway.
The atmosphere was reminiscent of a college dormitory. Young and brilliant minds gathered together to discuss everything from pop culture to science, while others remained to themselves with their heads buried in the access pods. There was an unbridled optimism in the air as if anything was possible.
When she walked by, conversations trailed off and faces looked up – everyone stopped what they were doing to lay their eyes upon the famous Alex Gray. Several people whistled while others simply said hello.
“Hello,” she replied with a warm smile.
“Do you know those people?” Aris asked.
“No.”
“Then why does everyone seem to know who you are?”
“I’m not sure,” she said downplaying her fame.
By the time they arrived in the Green View Echelon district, Alex had developed a positive opinion about the pyramid. The place was very civilized and the people were courteous. 
Aris helped show Alex to her apartment unit.
“Just place your thumb on the scanner box, it should be already preprogrammed for you,” Aris said.
Following Aris’ instruction, Alex placed her thumb on the scanner box located to the left of the door. A blue light crawled down her thumb to confirm her identity. Within a few seconds, the door slid aside and disappeared into the wall.
Upon entering her new apartment for the first time, she took notice of the size. The unimpressive rectangular-shaped room felt smaller than a school bus. There was an insignificant and unobtrusive area by the entrance for shoes and coats. A little bit further in was a tiny cooking area, featuring all the latest appliances, but with minimal counter space. At the far end was a modest bedroom and bathroom. 
“Yup, it’s just like mine,” Aris said, as he looked around. “They built all these with maximum space and energy efficiency. The units get bigger the closer you get to the ground – more surface area per tier.”
“Makes sense,” Alex replied. “This place is fine for now; it’s only meant to be temporary.” 
Alex walked slowly through her apartment, examining every little detail. She opened every drawer and cupboard, inspected the refrigerator, and sat on the tiny sofa. Before long, she had reached the end. When she entered her bedroom, she set her bag down on the bed and walked over to the window. The view was incredible, unlike anything she had seen before. Feeling as if she was on top of the world, Alex cast her gaze over the landscape until the point where the golden sky met the horizon. The vehicles looked like a team of ants, marching in unison, and she could barely see any people. After a moment had passed, she walked back to her bed, set her bag down, and began unpacking her things.
Aris followed her into her room and began talking at a rapid pace. “You know, you’re lucky, you have a west-facing view. Mine faces north, so I barely get any sunlight in my place. Any view is better than the north view. South you get the city, east you get… more city, and north you get mountains.”
“I like mountains,” Alex responded.
“Me too, but I’d rather face west. West is the best. Little bit of city, little bit nature. You got the ocean, the sunsets…” 
Aris continued to talk aimlessly while Alex began to put her things away. She took out a tattered old blanket, folded it up, and put it in a drawer beside her bed.
“Why do you have that old thing?” Aris asked.
“This blanket is very special to me.”
“Are you going to tell me it has been in your family for generations and now it’s your turn to lug it around?”
“Something like that,” she replied, not willing to reveal too much of her past. 
Aris sensed the sombreness in Alex’s voice. 
“I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to offend you. I often find myself saying stupid things. In case you haven’t noticed, I tend to talk a lot and rarely think about the things I’m saying before I say them. Then before I realize it, I’ve blurted out some inappropriate or offensive comment.”
“It’s fine, don’t worry about it.”
“I actually like the blanket, it’s very nice. In fact, it reminds me of one I had when I was a kid. They used to make them down on… let’s see… there was a factory on… no wait, am I thinking about the right place…” Aris trailed off mumbling to himself. “Union and Lexington!” he finally blurted out. “There’s a blanket factory on Union and Lexington. I mean, there used to be one there. I’m not sure if it’s there anymore. I can’t believe I spaced on the address, I actually used to live in that neighbourhood.”
“You’re saying this factory made blankets just like this one?” Alex asked.
“Let me see it closer,” Aris said as he walked over to her.
Alex reached down in the drawer, pulled out the navy wool blanket, and handed it to Aris.
After a quick examination, Aris said, “Yup, it’s the same,” before handing the blanket back.
“Are you sure?” Alex asked.
“I’m pretty sure.”
“Well, which is it?” she said impatiently “A moment ago you said it was the same, now you’re saying you’re pretty sure.”
“I’m saying it looks the same, but I could be wrong. There’s more than one company that makes blankets you know.”
“I know, I’m sorry for snapping at you.”
“You seem awfully sensitive about this blanket. What’s so special about it?”
“It was my mother’s. It’s the only thing I have from her.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize she had passed away.”
“That’s just it, I’m not sure she has.”
“What do you mean?”
Alex was reluctant to delve into that part of her life with a complete stranger, but since many of the details of her life were already publicized, she decided to be open with him.
“I’ve never met my mother. Due to the Child Rearing Act, I was taken away from her.”
“You’re a so-called ‘reclaimed citizen’?”
“Apparently when they took me, I wasn’t wearing anything, only this blanket. I’ve had it ever since.”
“So you have no idea where your mother is right now? Has she not tried to contact you over the years?”
“No, I haven’t heard from her at all.”
“I thought most parents who are forced to surrender their kids to the Facility are at least given visitation rights, and some even regain custody. I wonder why your parents didn’t take advantage of those options.”
“Well, sometimes…” Alex began, and then stopped.
“What is it?”
“Don’t think I’m crazy, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Sometimes, I can hear her in my thoughts.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know… some woman.”
“Really?” Aris said sarcastically, not convinced for a moment. “And you think this voice is your long-lost mother trying to communicate with you like some spirit from the underworld?”
“See, I knew you’d think I was crazy.”
“I don’t think you’re crazy, but you realize how crazy that sounds, right?”
“I know, that’s what I was afraid of.”
“Isn’t it more likely you were just hearing your own thoughts? You know, a sort of wishful thinking?”
“It could be that, but it feels different. I don’t know, it’s hard to explain.”
Alex nuzzled the blanket against her face, then folded it up to place it back in one of the drawers.
For the first time since they arrived at the apartment, there was silence. Aris was beginning to feel more comfortable and less nervous around Alex. As a result, he was not talking as much. He slowly approached the window and took a moment to admire the view. 
“You said the blanket is the only thing you have from her, right?” Aris finally spoke again.
“Yeah, so?”
“Well, that’s not entirely true.”
 “What do you mean?” Alex asked, looking confused.
“You have your genetics. You can find anyone through the genetic database.”
“I’ve already exhausted all those options.”
“Well, at least you could use your looks,” Aris said, almost as if he knew it was a bad idea.
“Wait, what do you mean?”
“Never mind, it was just a stupid idea.”
“I want to hear it.”
“I was just thinking, you could use facial-enhancement software to create renderings of what you might look like at different ages. Those images will probably resemble what your mother looks like, so all we need to do then is show them to people and see if anybody recognizes her.”
“Aris, this city has over ten million people, who do you suggest we show them to?”
“We could start in my old neighbourhood and spiral outward in one-kilometre radius.”
Alex looked at Aris for a while, but didn’t say anything. 
“So what do you think?” he finally asked. “Is it a date?”
“It’s definitely not a date, but sure, I guess it’s worth a shot.”

Chapter Three
Milo reclined in a chair in his room and closed his eyes. His next lesson would take about twenty minutes to download into his brain. He was trying to cram as much data into his brain as possible so he could graduate, but after a while he had a migraine and his nose started to bleed. No matter how strong a desire a person had to accelerate the lessons, there was a limit to how much their brain could handle.
Sensing he had overdone it, Milo slowly climbed into his bed – a seven-foot long hyperbaric oxygen chamber. The increased pressure combined with infused oxygen had tremendous therapeutic capabilities. It also allowed people to get a full-night’s sleep in only three hours, in effect, increasing a person’s conscious lifespan. The beds were expensive and not everyone could afford them, but fortunately the Facility happened to have them. Since a lot of the inhabitants were orphans, extra funding went toward the Facility to make sure they had the best resources in an effort to ensure they didn’t grow up to become criminals. Perhaps it was society’s way of making restitution for enacting such a harsh law, which forced a lot of children to be separated from their families. 
The oxygen-enriched air began to fill the chamber and Milo took in several deep breaths. As the gas circulated his bloodstream, he felt very relaxed. Almost instantly, he was sound asleep, allowing the chamber to work its magic. 
About an hour into his sleep, an alarm went off, alerting him of an incoming call. A soft glow illuminated the interior of the chamber and the hatch slowly opened. Milo’s brain was still foggy, having just woken up, but he managed to find his access pod. 
“Answer,” he commanded in a groggy voice. His access pod initiated the call sequence and a voice on the other end spoke.
“Hey, Milo, it’s me,” Alex said.
“Hi Alex.”
“I hope I’m not interrupting anything, but I was wondering if you heard about the Leader coming to the Megaplex to give his State of the Union Address.”
“No, I didn’t know about any Union Address?”
“Oh, that actually reminds me of another Union address. I have to go down to Union and Lexington, do you want to come?”
“What’s at Union and Lexington?”
“A top secret mission awaits if you choose to accept.”
“Say no more, I’m in.”
“Great, so what about the other Union Address.”
“When and where?”
“I’m sending you the details now.”
Milo rose to his feet and got dressed. He looked disheveled, but decided to embrace it. He did not bother combing his hair or shaving. He simply brushed his teeth, put on his jacket, and left.
By the time he arrived at the pyramid, chaos had already ensued. A massive crowd of people had flocked in droves to be in the Leader’s presence and hear him speak.
Anytime the Leader made a public appearance, it was generally well received. Maxim Morrison defied the ancient saying that absolute power corrupts absolutely. He came from a respected family of leaders and innovators. However, despite his overwhelming support, there were still many issues of contention, which caused people to protest. Whether it was freedom to procreate, the abolishment of the accountability chips, or the capitalization limits imposed on corporations, history had shown no matter what the issue, there was always at least one person with a dissenting view.
Before the Leader’s convoy arrived at the Megaplex pyramid, people had already found their spots on the large, grass field.
“Where do you guys want to sit?” Alex asked.
“Doesn’t matter to me,” Milo responded.
“I know where we can sit, follow me,” Aris offered.
Milo was having a difficult time adjusting to Alex’s new friend, especially since Aris was handsome, charming, and apparently knew the best place to sit. Milo did his best to hide his contempt. 
As they pushed their way through the crowd, Alex grabbed a hold of Milo’s hand. A sigh of relief came over him briefly. Ah, she chose me, he thought. The moment was short-lived, however, because after she grabbed Milo’s hand, she called out to Aris, who was ahead of them, and grabbed his hand as well. The three of them connected like a train and made their way through the crowd until they reached their spot.
“Here we are,” Aris said, letting go of Alex’s hand. Milo held on an extra second longer.
“Not much of a spot here, Aris,” Milo said condescendingly. “We’re way off to the side.”
“Although the view isn’t the best, it’s an ideal location for when we leave. When the crowds eventually disperse, they’ll head east. So we give up a bit of view, but in turn we don’t get caught in a stampede.”
“Good thinking, Aris,” Alex interjected.
“Yeah, good job, Aris,” Milo said begrudgingly.
They took their seats on the grassy knoll with Alex sitting in between Milo and Aris. She flipped her hair back and to the left, then got more comfortable.
“So Alex, tell me more about this top-secret mission,” Milo said.
“Oh right, the top-secret mission,” she laughed. “Okay, so you know how I don’t know my mum, right?” 
“Yeah.”
“Well, Aris suggested I scan my face into one of those facial-recognition programs. The program will modify my face to create an image of what I might look like at different ages. I can then take the images down to my old neighbourhood to see if anyone recognizes the images, which should more or less look like my mother.”
“This is Aris’ suggestion?” Milo scoffed. “Alex, the city has over ten million people spread out over hundreds of neighborhoods, how do you know which neighbourhood to go to?”
“Aris suggested the neighbourhood around Union and Lexington because he knows of an old blanket manufacturing company. He thinks it may be the same company that made the blanket I have.”
“Wow, you’re just full of good ideas, aren’t you Aris?” Milo said in a snarky tone. Alex shot Milo a harsh look as if to indicate to him to play nicely. 
“Okay, I don’t even know where to start with this,” Milo said, pinching the bridge of his nose. “There are of course several flaws in your theory. First, you’re putting a lot of faith into this blanket factory, which may or may not have produced the blanket in question. Let’s suppose they did. Why would you assume your mother lived in the same neighbourhood as the manufacturer? This blanket factory probably sold blankets all over the world so it hardly narrows down the neighbourhood your mother lived in when she acquired it, assuming of course she owned it at some point. 
“Secondly, you’re not a clone of your mother. The images you have are a program’s best guess as to what you may look like at different ages, but not your mother. 
“Finally, and I will close with this, even if you do look like your mother, the blanket did come from this factory, your mother owned the blanket at some point, and the blanket factory also happened to be in the same neighbourhood as your mother’s old neighbourhood — as implausible as all those factors may be — you still have to find someone who recognizes her, which, unfortunately, seems highly unlikely.” 
Realizing the soundness of Milo’s logic, Alex felt a sudden wave of despair come over her. At first, Milo felt like he had just redeemed himself by destroying Aris’ theory, but he had inadvertently hurt Alex. Her hopes of finding any link to her past had been caught in the crossfire of his attack. 
Alex bowed her head in sorrow.
“You know, I could be wrong,” Milo said in an attempt to console her. “I mean, what do I know? You’re the smart one. If you need help, just let me know.”
Aris gave Milo a dirty look. If Milo didn’t feel so badly, he would have retaliated in kind. He put his arm around Alex and offered more words of encouragement.
“Can I at least see the images?” he asked. “I’m curious to know what you’ll look like when you get old.”
Alex didn’t answer.
“Come on, I bet you’re still pretty.”
Alex gave a faint smile as she seemed to be overcoming her momentary sadness.
“I’ll show you the images, but don’t laugh.”
Alex brought up the images on her access pod to show Milo. “Okay, so this one is what I’m supposed to look like at thirty,” she said as she showed Milo the first image. Milo leaned in closer.
“Wow, not bad. You’re still a total babe!”
“And this is what I’m supposed to look like at forty.”
“Again, not bad.”
Alex smiled approvingly then showed him the final image of her fifty-year-old caricature.
“Is that it?” he asked. “Just three images?”
“Well, as you mentioned, this is obviously a long shot, so I didn’t want to waste a lot of time getting a new image for every different variable. Remember, I intend to show these to people, and I’m sure they’re not going to want to flip through an entire catalogue of me.”
“Why not, I would.”
“Very funny. I think these are good enough. People will either recognize the lady in the image or they won’t. They can use their imagination to fill in any other relevant details like weight or hair color.”
“So when do you plan to go?”
“I’d like to go today,” Alex said.
“We plan to go as soon as this speech is over,” Aris interjected proudly. 
“We wouldn’t want to go right after, Aris. Someone who may know Alex’s mother could be sitting here in this audience. If we rush too soon, we would be missing out on a lot of people. But I’m sure you have a plan for that too, right?” Milo said smugly as he delivered another blow to Aris’ ego.
“We can wait a bit then, maybe we can all have lunch in the pyramid before we go,” Alex said.
There was a long awkward pause as they all just sat there. Alex was trying to figure out a way for everyone to get along.

Chapter Four
The Leader approached the stage and the crowd erupted in applause. He stood tall, displaying his perfect white smile and chiseled features as he waved to the crowd and absorbed the warm ovation. His confidence was what you would expect from the Leader of the free world. He was generally liked, but even those who opposed him found his charm alluring. 
The only ones not cheering were the guardians, who patrolled the grounds, proudly displaying their genetic superiority. With over one million people in attendance, the noise was deafening, but when the cheering finally settled, the Leader began to speak. 
“Thank you all for joining me on this historic occasion,” the Leader said. His voice echoed throughout the crowd, while a ten-metre-tall hologram projected a perfect image of him. Everyone was incredibly excited for what the Leader had to say. In addition to talking about the current state of the economy and some key environmental issues, it was rumoured he was going to make a special announcement. Now everyone tuned in with eager ears, anxious for what it could possibly be.
“As many of you know, this year marks the 75th anniversary of global unity.” 
The crowd cheered again. It took a moment for it to die down. Alex was unimpressed by the transparent display of political rhetoric – saying some positive message with an overemphasized inflection at the end to get the crowd riled up. It was amazing that after so many years, it was still an effective way of speaking to large groups.
“Throughout our history on this planet, we have been plagued by war, disease, and injustice. But through the tenacity of humankind we have prevailed!”
The crowd began to cheer again. The Leader did not interrupt, allowing the applause to run its natural course. Then he brought the sentiment down.
“I stand here before you today as a humbled man. We are the progeny of many great generations who came before us – who laid down the stones and carried the heavy loads. They made incredible sacrifices so we could be here today and I am forever grateful and truly indebted to them. They fought hard battles, endured famines, and sacrificed their time and energy for new discoveries. We are the benefactors of their hard work and have inherited a world that has been quite good to us. We owe a great deal to them because without their efforts and hard work, none of us would be here today.”
The crowd applauded.
“But, they also made some mistakes,” he added. “These mistakes nearly resulted in total destruction of our planet, and caused a lot of pain, suffering, and death. I don’t ever want us to repeat those mistakes,” he said as he took a moment to look around. It was as if he was trying to make contact with a million pairs of eyes. As the Leader scanned the crowd, so too did the giant holographic projection. It could be a little unnerving for someone seeing it for the first time, but nearly everyone in the audience had seen it before and was used to it.
“From the ashes of their turmoil and hardship, we rose. We’re a new generation destined to carve our own path and not fall into the same traps that have held humankind back for so long. We have abandoned archaic systems and old ways of thinking and replaced them with common sense, logic, and fairness. Where our predecessors failed, we have succeeded. And since the global unity coup, war and conflicts are only relived through history lessons.” 
Once again, the entire audience rose to their feet and applauded. 
“Our work is not done,” he began again, settling the crowd. “This is our leg of the race. What we choose to do will pave the way for new generations. So we must ask ourselves,” he paused for effect. “Where do we go from here?” He delivered another gaze out into the crowd, this time shorter than the last. Everyone sensed the rhetorical delivery and waited for the Leader to answer his own question.
“We go up,” he said simply, as he pointed to the sky. “I mean that in the most literal sense. Our space exploration programs have been underdeveloped, underfunded, and neglected for too long. Our ancestors seemed to be ruled by capitalistic profit-maximizing principles and therefore could not justify exploring space without any economic incentive. For them, domestic problems were much more demanding of their attention, and I don’t blame them.
“In the year 2099, I had a vision to create a space exploration program that would seek out new planets, new resources, and possibly new life forms. Today, I am proud to announce the Olympus project, which will be the largest space station in the history of humankind. Space… is the final frontier!”
Right on cue, the audience erupted in applause, demonstrating their approval.
“You know, he stole that line from an old television show,” Alex said.
“Which line?”
“The one about space being the final frontier, it’s from a television show more than a hundred years ago. I guess he didn’t expect anyone to remember.”
“What’s a television?” Milo asked.
“It was how people used to watch movies and shows?”
“How do you know so much about this stuff, Alex?” Aris asked.
“She knows about everything,” Milo said, almost as if he was demonstrating how well he knew her.
“I guess you could say I have an interest in old gadgets.”
It was not clear from where the three were sitting, but there was a commotion brewing up front by the stage. The guardians were quick to act and rushed to the scene. For the Leader’s safety, he was escorted off the stage, bringing a premature end to the State of the Union Address.
“What’s going on, Aris?” Alex asked worriedly.
“Protesters,” he answered casually. “They show up at every rally and cause trouble.”
One of the protestors had a voice enhancer and was screaming into it. “WHY DON’T YOU TELL PEOPLE THE TRUTH YOU COWARD!”
The crowd started to feel uneasy as more guardians showed up.
“THE LEADER HAS BEEN LYING TO THE PEOPLE! THE PEOPLE HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW THE TRUTH!” the woman continued to rant.
The tension in the crowd grew as an army of protesters wearing traditional hunter green military jackets made their way through the crowd. People began to disperse in all different directions, pushing and stepping over each other. Mob mentality overruled any civility the people previously displayed. It was every person for themselves.
Aris grabbed a hold of Alex’s hand and whisked her away, leaving Milo to fend for himself.
 “Come on, this way,” Aris said, rushing through the crowd.
Guardians stationed themselves at all exit points while another group of guardians meandered through the crowd in an attempt to control the situation. As the guardians patrolled, they were looking for two things: unkempt faces and people wearing hunter green military jackets – a truly unfortunate set of circumstances for Milo because he happened to fit the profile perfectly. 
 “Wait, we lost Milo,” Alex said in a panic as she spun around. There was a sea of screaming people running in all directions. She did her best to peer into the chaos and spot her missing companion, but it was no use – there were just too many people.
“We have to go back,” she demanded with urgency.
“Relax, Milo is a big boy, I’m sure he can survive on his own without a babysitter. Let’s just rendezvous back at your place and wait for his call.”
“What if something bad happens to him?”
Then I guess we’d be waiting a long time, Aris thought. He was wise enough not to say what he was thinking since any apathetic display toward her friend would likely upset her. He had no idea who Milo was, but judging by how Alex was reacting, he was obviously important to her.
“I’m with you, Alex, don’t worry, we’ll find your friend.”
“Thank you, Aris, that really means a lot to me,” Alex said smiling, temporarily allowing another emotion to seep in. They headed back through the crowd like salmon swimming upstream.
Unbeknownst to Milo, a guardian had him in his sights. In the guardian’s retina, the following information was displayed:
NAME: MILO RION
AGE: 18
GENDER: MALE
OUTSTANDING WARRANTS: NONE
Milo felt an uneasy presence consume him, almost as if he was being watched. It was an odd feeling to have in a crowd, but Milo was compelled to follow up on his intuition. He slowed his steps momentarily to look back. As he did, he noticed a tall brawny guardian coming his way. Milo immediately began to run. A thousand bodies moved in front of him like a dizzying tornado, but he did his best to push through. He knew he could not outrun the guardian, but he could at least outmaneuver him. He dodged through the crowd in a sporadic pattern, took off his coat, and changed levels in an effort to evade his pursuer. He made it to the edge of the large opening in the pyramid before he looked back again. This time, the guardian was nowhere in sight. 
He entered the pyramid and looked for a place to hide.
Alex called Milo again, but it went straight to voice mail. That was now the fifth unanswered call. Alex was really starting to worry. She wasn’t quite sure if it was some strange sixth sense that she was tuning into or paranoia, but she sensed something was seriously wrong.
Alex walked slowly through the crowd, which by now had thinned out considerably, looking for any sign of Milo. Aris trailed behind, trying hard to mask his indifference. 
“Milo!” he called out flatly.
There was no answer and no trace of him. Aris finally convinced Alex to go up to her apartment and wait for Milo’s call.

Chapter Five 
After entering the Megaplex pyramid for the first time, Milo was overwhelmed with a sea of people. He followed the general flow of traffic while peering over his shoulder periodically.
There were many streams of people flowing in various directions. The current Milo was in carried him into a truss tram. Entering the tram, Milo packed in tightly with the other fleeing passengers. When the tram doors finally closed, the small enclosure was packed so full that he could hardly breathe. Just before the tram made its ascent, Milo snuck a peek over his shoulder and did not see any guardians in sight. 
A pleasant synthesized female voice greeted passengers through the internal speakers, “Welcome to the Megaplex pyramid. The next stop is: Grand Marquis Echelon.” Milo had no idea where that was, but was relieved he was no longer being pursued.
The tram quickly accelerated up the Southeast truss and came to a stop one level above the ground floor. The doors opened, allowing some people to exit. Milo spilled out with the others, which gave him a chance to catch his breath. Inhaling deeply, he filled his lungs with the fresh-filtered, oxygenated air. The smell of moist plant life was the most noticeable aroma. 
Milo spun around to take in the view. He went from a closed confined space to a massive expanse of natural-looking grass and leaves. Everything was so serene, even the people were moving slower. There were no more frantic herds of people screaming in fear. Life, it seemed, had gone back to normal. He walked over to the edge of the pyramid, which was covered with slanted glass, and peered out over the horizon. He was just twenty stories off the ground, but the view was incredible. He could hardly imagine what it was like on the top tier.
After gazing out across the magnificent cityscape, Milo headed toward the park – a botanical garden that combined artificial plants with real ones. It was all very well designed to create the illusion of a park in paradise. There were even speakers concealed behind objects, pumping out sounds of rustling leaves and chirping birds, further selling the illusion. Within moments of his arrival, he felt his nasal passage fill with fluid and start to drip. He quickly pulled out a handkerchief and wiped his nose. Feeling woozy, he pulled the cloth back and noticed it was filled with blood. He figured it had to do with the lack of moisture in the air combined with the altitude.   
Milo found a bench nearby that was unoccupied so he walked over to it and laid down. With his head tilted back, he held the handkerchief over his nose to stop the bleeding. It was at this time when he looked at his access pod and noticed several missed messages.
“Read new messages,” Milo commanded with his nasally voice.
“You have five new messages,” a voice said before it began reading them out to him.
Milo was about to reply to Alex’s messages, but before he could, a towering frame came into view, diverting his attention. The guardian who had been pursuing him earlier was now standing over him.
“Thought you could run and hide, didn’t you?” the guardian said in a baritone voice.
“How did you find me?”
“We can always find you.”
Milo tried his best to remain calm, but on the inside he was terrified. 
 “That little chip in the back of your neck, it comes in really handy for identification and tracking purposes.”
“What did I do?” Milo asked as he was dragged to his feet.
“You ran from me.”
“Well, to be fair you were chasing me. Besides, that’s not a crime.”
“What were you doing at the rally today?” the guardian asked.
“I was doing the same thing everybody else was doing, just listening to what the Leader had to say.”
“But not everyone was just listening, right?”
“I suppose that’s true, some were watching and listening.”
The guardian was not too happy with Milo’s antics and squeezed the back of his neck with his powerful grip.
“Ahh,” Milo screamed in agony. “Careful, you wouldn’t want to crush my tracking device — then how would you find me?”
Milo was handcuffed and escorted back down to the main floor where a row of guardian transport vehicles were stationed. He was placed into the back of one of the vehicles with an assortment of ragtag derelicts who appeared to be an unfriendly bunch. They didn’t even so much as look at Milo or acknowledge his presence in anyway. Milo followed suit and remained to himself.
The doors were sealed and the vehicle rose off the ground. The smooth ride downtown offered Milo a moment to gather his thoughts. He knew he hadn’t done anything wrong and would likely be released by midafternoon, but still, being arrested and handcuffed was never a good thing. The next time the transport vehicle stopped, Milo and the others were being hauled out and placed into one of the holding cells where they could be processed into the system.
The cells were packed with people that looked just as haggard as him. Milo stuck to himself and tried not to make eye contact with anyone. He figured he was in the company of some dangerous and deranged criminals – society’s misfits.
A middle-aged woman approached Milo, displaying a friendly smile. “May I sit with you,” she asked.
“Yes, of course.”
“I’m Mara, Mara Miletus,” the woman said as she subtly bowed her head.
“Milo Rion, pleasure to meet you.”
“It’s unfortunate we’re meeting under these circumstances,” she said with a slight smile as she looked around.
Milo gave a forced smiled back.
“Your first time in jail?” the woman asked.
“You can tell?”
“You seem a bit nervous, but that’s nothing to be embarrassed about.”
“Judging by your nerves, I’d say this isn’t your first time.”
“No, this definitely isn’t my first time and probably not my last, but don’t let my calmness fool you, I’m nervous too,” she said, winking at Milo. 
“May I ask why you are in here?” Milo asked.
“Oh nothing really, just spoke my mind. And you?”
“I didn’t do anything,” Milo said.
The woman laughed.
“What’s so funny?” Milo asked, almost taking offense.
“This jail is probably filled with people claiming they didn’t do anything.”
“Well, most people in here are probably guilty of something.”
“Just like you, right?”
“Listen lady, I don’t know what you’re getting at, but I didn’t do anything…really!”
“I know – I know, you’re innocent, got it,” she said as she passively held up her hands and smiled.
“That’s a nice jacket by the way.”
“Thanks. Apparently it was the wrong choice of outfit today. Had I known it was the uniform of choice for a terrorist cult, I would have worn something else.”
“Is that what you think we are – a terrorist cult?”
“Wait, you’re with them? You’re one of those lunatics that incited a riot at the rally?”
“You should be careful with your words, Milo, they can get you into trouble.”
“Sorry.”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s fine.”
“So you’re with them?”
“Yes, I am with them, but we’re not lunatics, nor are we terrorists.”

Chapter Six
Alex woke up just as the sun was rising. Her body felt energized and relaxed despite it being her first night sleeping in her non-hyperbaric chamber bed. She made herself breakfast in her tiny kitchen and then sat by the window to admire the view.
She had not begun to look for a job, but felt there was no need to rush the process. With the entire day free from obligation, she was able to do whatever she liked. She thought she would start her day by exploring the pyramid to see all that it had to offer. As far as she knew, most of the tiers were residences, offices, and hotels and offered little in terms of attractions. Each floor had its own markets and amenities, but the Grand Marquis Echelon was where all the parks, shopping, and recreational facilities were located. 
After breakfast, Alex took the tram down to the first level. When she exited, she was immediately greeted by the same lush and serene park that Milo had visited the day before. Heading into the park, she walked past the same bench where Milo was arrested. Had she looked closely, she may have even seen a few drops of his blood that had dripped from his nose less than twenty-four hours earlier. 
The Grand Marquis Echelon was massive. Continuing through the park, Alex was met by a labyrinth of retail shops, restaurants, themed rides, and the world’s largest indoor water park. She spent a few hours walking around the shops and greeting the occasional person who recognized her. 
It wasn’t until noon when she received the call she was waiting for. 
“Milo, where are you? I was so worried.”
“I was arrested and questioned in connection to the protest,” he explained.
“Arrested! Why were you arrested?”
“Apparently I fit the description of the protesters. Once they determined my innocence, they let me go.”
“Where are you now?”
“I’m standing in front of the jail. I’ve just been released.”
“Alright, wait there, I’ll come meet you.” 
Milo stood on the street outside the jail waiting for Alex. When she arrived, her face lit up with delight. “Milo!” she called out. “I’m so glad you’re okay. We were so worried about you,” Alex said as she threw her arms around him.
“We?” he said. Not a moment later, Milo saw who Alex was referring to.
“Why did you bring Aris?” he lamented.
With her arms still wrapped around him, she whispered in his ear and told him to be nice.
“Hello Aris, good of you to make it.”
“I’m glad to see you’re still in one piece.”
The two exchanged pleasantries, but neither of them was being sincere.
They got back into the taxi and Alex instructed the automated driver to take them to Union and Lexington.
“Driving to… Union and Lexington,” the robotic voice repeated.
Once in the vehicle, there was an awkward silence that loomed. Eventually, Milo broke the tension and asked Alex to show him the enhanced images of her again. Alex was thankful someone was talking and happily obliged. She dislodged her access pod from her arm, loaded the images, and handed it to Milo.
“The first one is what I should look like at thirty,” she reiterated, primarily to fill the silent void. “This next one is what I should look like at forty, and, finally, when I’m fifty.”
“Huh,” Milo said.
“What is it?” Alex asked.
“Well, it’s probably nothing, but I think I met this lady yesterday.”
“Really?” Alex asked, fully captivated. “Where?”
“She was in jail with me. She introduced herself as Marylee or Myla or something, I can’t remember. She told me she was the leader of the protesters.”
“The crazy people from the rally?” Aris asked.
“Yes, but they’re not crazy.”
“Oh no, not at all,” Aris retorted. “We practically live in utopia under a benevolent leader and they’re instigating riots. I say we shouldn’t get too carried away with this since we have no idea who this lady is. All we have to go on is Milo’s spotty judgment and failing memory about some random lady he spent a few minutes with while under duress.”
“My judgment and memory are just fine,” Milo barked. “I say you mind your own business?”
“I don’t want to get your hopes up, Alex, but I don’t think it was your mum,” Aris continued.
“How do you know that, Aris?” Milo retorted back.
“Because Milo, you don’t even remember the lady’s name. Do you expect us to trust your fading memory of what she looked like? Besides, it’s just some lady who resembles an image of what Alex may look like at forty.”
“This whole thing was your big idea, remember? To find a lady who resembles the image. Or were you just creating a reason to hang out with Alex?”
“Everyone just calm down,” Alex demanded.
Silence consumed the taxi once again. After a moment, Alex resumed the conversation.
“Okay, we know my mother and I were separated at birth, so it’s certainly reasonable to conclude she was a criminal.”
“Yeah, but she was just arrested the same time as Milo, meaning she was free before. Why then has she never tried to contact you?”
“Her reasoning for not contacting her is irrelevant,” Milo said.
“Milo’s right, besides we don’t know she hasn’t,” Alex said.
“Oh okay, I forgot, you hear voices. On second thought, maybe you and the crazy lady from prison are related,” Aris said.
“Hey, pal, show her some respect or I’ll come over there and teach you some manners.”
“Why don’t we just circle back to the jail and ask her if she’s your mum.”
“Good thinking, Aris” Alex said. “Driver, change course.”

Chapter Seven
When the taxi arrived back at the jail, everyone jumped out and followed Alex’s lead. She had a look on her face that conveyed she was on a mission. Her emotions were mixed because she could quite possibly be meeting her mother for the first time since birth. However, if this turned out to be a dead end, or if her mother did not meet her expectations, it would be incredibly disappointing for her.
Aris and Milo were anxious as well. Milo was perhaps more excited because he too did not know who his parents were. To see someone he knew reunite with their birth parent was very inspirational for him.
Alex approached the main counter by herself as Milo and Aris stayed back. Alex explained to the woman the reason for her visit and showed her the image on her access pod. There was a pause, and then the secretary allowed Alex access to the holding cell. Aris and Milo remained behind.
“So what do you think will happen if this woman turns out to be Alex’s mum?” Aris asked.
“I’m not sure, but it would be very important to Alex.”
“You know, Milo, this petty rivalry between us is silly. Maybe it’s time for you to realize I’m a good guy for her and not be so overprotective of your friend. I understand you’re like a brother to her.”
Milo did not respond. He could tell Aris was probing for more information as to the exact nature of Milo and Alex’s relationship. Either that or he was just trying to get under Milo’s skin. Regardless, Milo did not say a word about it.
Alex trailed behind two prison guardians. At the end of a hallway was a large room with several holding cells. After being given some basic instructions to make her visit brief and to not pass anything through the bars, Alex was free to roam. The two guardians remained at a distance, overseeing the entire interaction. 
Walking slowly about the room, Alex studied the faces of the detainees who were curiously staring back at her. A few men whistled, but it did not faze her. The majority of them were wondering what a woman as beautiful as Alex was doing in a prison just watching them. They probably thought she was either a student doing a school project or it was bring-your-daughter-to-work day.
As Alex peered into the crowded cells, one person stood out – a woman with an undeniable air of confidence and an unmistakable resemblance to Alex. The woman appeared to be in her early forties and was quite attractive. Alex circled around to get a closer view, the whole time her eyes never left the woman’s sight. As Alex approached the bars, the woman took notice of her for the first time. Their eyes met and they stared at each other like they were the only two people in the room. It was as if they both knew a secret that no one else knew.
“Hi, I’m Alex.”
“Hi Alex, I’m Mara.”
“Mara, I’m trying to track down my mother, would you mind if I did a genetic comparison with you?” 
The woman looked a bit perplexed, but allowed for the test. The rest of the detainees crowded around Mara and were interested in what was going on.
Alex gave a voice command into her access pod, which was connected to her arm, and then held it up to the back of Mara’s neck. Within seconds, Mara’s biological stats came through – her name, age, height, weight, body mass index, and her genetic code. Alex retracted her arm and read the only field that mattered to her – GENETIC MATCH NOT FOUND.
Alex’s head sunk low and a wave of disappointment washed over her. The veil had been lifted and reality had set in, giving Alex a much more grounded perspective. She took a moment to reassess the situation and realized how naïve she had been for thinking she could ever find her mother.
About to leave, Alex looked at the woman and thanked her for her time. But something struck Alex as odd. The woman was fighting back her emotions, which was a peculiar response for a complete stranger to have. Puzzled, Alex was unsure what it meant, but became transfixed by the encounter. The woman’s eyes became glossy with tears and she bit down on her quivering lip. The expression on the woman’s face suggested she was being reunited with a ghost from a long-lost relative.
The guardians walked ahead, preparing to escort Alex to the waiting area, but Alex was still taken aback by the woman’s overly emotional response. By now, nobody was paying attention to Mara or Alex anymore, the excitement was over. When everyone was out of earshot, the woman said something that was intended for Alex’s ears only.
“Mara Miletus is my pseudonym,” she whispered, “before that, my name was Alexandra Gray.”
Alex’s heart skipped a beat and her eyes immediately welled up with tears. She spun around and was about to jump for joy, but there was a look on Mara’s face that told her to stay calm. Not another word was spoken between them – Mara just winked at Alex and smiled. As she did that, a tear squeezed out and rolled down her face. Mara quickly wiped it away. Alex had a look of bewilderment on her face and just stood there for a moment, processing this new information.
“Let’s go Miss Gray,” one of the guardians said sternly. 
“I believe they’re talking to you,” Mara said.
As Alex walked back to her companions, a million thoughts raced through her mind. Only two thoughts were going through Milo and Aris’ heads – they were either going to celebrate or console, but based on Alex’s facial expression, they were not sure which one to do.
“So how did it go?” Milo asked.
“It’s not her, let’s get out of here.”
Alex waited until everyone was in the cab and driving away from the prison before she revealed the full story.
“Mara Miletus!” Milo blurted out.
“Who?” Aris said.
“I just remembered the woman’s name, it’s Mara Miletus,” he said with a proud grin.
“Good for you, genius. In case you haven’t noticed, we’re driving away from the prison where Alex just met the woman, who, as it turns out, is not her mother. So what good does it do us to know her name now?” 
“That’s not her name,” Alex said distinctly.
“I’m pretty sure it is,” Milo responded.
“Her name is Alexandra Gray,” Alex said firmly.
“Alexandra Gray?” Aris said confused. “Isn’t that your name?”
“Yes it is,” Alex said.
“So you actually found your mother!” Milo shouted. “That’s incredible. What happened in there?”
Alex told them what had happened.
“How do you know she wasn’t just messing with you because you introduced yourself as Alexandra Gray? Didn’t you do a genetic comparison?”
“I did a gencom.”
“And? What were the results?”
“Negative – zero genetic match.”
“Okay, so she was messing with you.”
“Well, not exactly. I didn’t introduce myself by first and last name. I told her my name was Alex.”
“In case you haven’t noticed, Alex, you’re not exactly anonymous,” Aris pointed out. “When we were walking in the pyramid the other day, nearly a dozen people knew your name.”
“It was her,” Alex assured. “Trust me.”
“So how do you explain the gencom mismatch?” Aris asked.
“I’m not sure, maybe she altered it in some way.”
“So what do we do now?” Milo asked.
“We could always camp out at the jail and wait for her to be released.”
“No need,” Alex said firmly. “Now that we know my mother’s real name and alias, we should be able to find everything there is to know about her.”

Chapter Eight
Alex soon discovered she may have been a little too optimistic about tracking down Mara Miletus. As it was suspected, Mara was using a modified accountability chip. The address that came up as her place of residence was a vacant lot – she was essentially off the grid so any other search would prove useless.
“Search Alexandra Gray,” Alex instructed her computer.
The search populated thousands of results, many of which pertained to articles about her achievements. They needed more information to narrow down the parameters.
“We could always hack into the government database,” Aris suggested offhand.
“Do you know how to do that?” Alex shot back with more interested than he expected.
“Let’s just say I’m no stranger to hacking into secure locations and snooping through highly-classified files.”
“Great, can you teach me how?”
“I can just do it for you,” Aris offered.
“No, I prefer to do it myself. Hacking into the government database is highly illegal and I don’t want to get you involved.”
“It’ll take too long for you to download the necessary information; I was only able to download a fraction of the file and even that took me two days under multiple sessions.”
“It’s a good thing she’s not you,” Milo chimed in.
“Where’s the file?” Alex asked in a serious tone.
“It’s in the cloud.”
“Send me the patch.”
“But—”
“You heard her, send her the patch.”
Aris was befuddled, but obliged with her request.
Alex sat down and waited for the patch to transfer to her access pod. It came through quickly and within moments was ready to be wirelessly downloaded into her brain. Alex leaned back and closed her eyes. The download began and Alex’s eyes started fluttering rapidly. While still conscious and coherent, it was recommended to have a clear mind and remain silent during downloads. 
Even though she was just sitting there, it was still a sight to behold. Milo and Aris were used to downloading files, but to see the famous Alexandra Gray in action was something special. They remained in silence, staring at her, both showing their admiration on their faces. Alex’s brain was like a never-filling reservoir, and the speed at which the data was being transferred was unlike anything they had seen before.
“How much space does she have in there?” Aris whispered.
“Don’t worry, it’s enough,” Milo said proudly.
Just then, the transfer had completed and Alex opened her eyes.
“That was incredible!” Aris said. “You just downloaded that entire file in under a minute.”
“It’s not that I have a limitless capacity,” she said, addressing Aris’ question. My brain is incredibly efficient with how it stores and processes data. I have a condition known as synesthesia.”
“Syneth—what?”
“Synesthesia – it comes from two Greek words meaning ‘together’ and ‘sensation’. The human brain is comprised of many different compartments, each with their own function. The frontal lobe recognizes smell and is responsible for such things as a person’s behaviour, characteristics, and movement. The parietal lobe helps a person identify objects and understand spatial relationships. The occipital lobe is responsible for processing visuals. The temporal lobe is involved in memory, speech, and musical rhythm. There are many other parts, but these are a few to give you an idea. For most people, all these parts perform separate and largely independent functions, but when my brain processes information, every region lends a hand. When I think of numbers, for instance, I attribute shapes, colours, and sounds to the digits. When people listen to music, they typically only use one of their senses, but for me, multiple senses are activated. I hear the music, but I can also see and smell it too.”
“Really? Aris asked inquisitively. What does music smell like?” 
“Mostly raspberries.”
“Fascinating,” he said dumbfounded.
“She’s joking you dolt.”
“Oh, of course, I knew that,” Aris said, feeling embarrassed. “So does that mean you’re some sort of savant?”
“Yes, but I don’t have any noticeable side effects from the condition.”
“Do many people have this?”
“I’m not sure. It has come up a few times in the medical journals – that’s how I learned about it – but I’ve never heard of anyone other than me who currently has this condition in the same way I have it.”
Alex went over to her computer with an intense demeanour. “Initiate Excalibur protocol,” she instructed. A holographic image awaited further command. “Prompt Trojan sequence 40-30.”
“What’s she doing?” Aris asked again in a hushed tone.
“It’s your patch, don’t you know this stuff?”
“Like I said, it’s a big file.”
“Oh right, I forgot, you can’t download it in full.”
“Neither could you,” Aris retorted.
“Just be quiet,” Milo said. “May I remind you she’s hacking into government servers and needs total concentration?”
Alex began rattling off a series of codes that were a mixture of broken phrases and alpha-numeric sequences. It all sounded like gibberish to the uninitiated. Various screens and images populated as she navigated the global network with blinding speed. The screens were flashing so quickly that Milo and Aris did not catch any more than a glimpse of whatever she was looking at. Alex used her hands to swipe aside the holographic projections and keep them organized. 
“This is incredible to watch,” Aris whispered to Milo. It was the one thing that they shared in common – admiration of Alex’s computing abilities. It was almost like watching someone play a musical instrument really well; they both could not help but smile.
“Okay, I’m accessing the government records now.”
Alex’s pace slowed down considerably. She was now deep in the government archives – probably the only one to look at this data in decades.
She searched for any incident reports on her date of birth, involving a woman giving birth and getting arrested.
“I found it!” she announced with jubilation.
“What’s it say?”
“Says here a woman by the name of Alexandra Gray gave birth in an alley near Ferndale and Willow.”
“You were born in an alley?” Aris interrupted.
“Apparently,” Alex responded. “It says that Alexandra Gray was arrested for the criminal act of violating the Child Rearing Act and sentenced to one year in prison. The baby, who was named after the mother, was rushed to St. Albans hospital for further examination.”
“That’s fantastic, Alex. I’m so happy for you.” Milo said.
“Is that it?” Aris asked.
“Hey, show a little sensitivity,” Milo scolded.
“What?”
“Could you two please try to get along for five minutes? I want to try something,” Alex said.
“What are you doing now?” Milo asked inquisitively.
“It says here I was born in an alley.”
“Yeah, so?”
“Well, I want to see it.”
“See it?” Milo asked confused.
“We know the exact date and location of the event, and thanks to this incident report, we now have the precise time of day. I want to check the archives for any surveillance footage that may have captured a video of that fateful night.”

Chapter Nine
Alex went into another fast-paced frenzy as she manipulated several screens at a time. Within minutes, she tracked down what she was looking for.
“Okay, I found it!” she announced proudly.
“No way, load it up.”
The three of them huddled together and watched with anticipation as Alex synced up the video feed.
“So the incident report says my mother was arrested at around 10:30 p.m., so if we load it before that time, we should be able to watch the entire event.”
“This is incredible. I can’t believe we’re actually doing this,” Aris said with excitement.
“I suppose there’s some benefit to having big brother watch our every move – we can use their technology to watch back.” 
There was no telling what the cameras caught, if anything. The video showed a vacant street and not much appeared to be happening. It was dark and there were no pedestrians or motorists. All was calm until a pregnant woman in her early twenties entered into frame. 
“Oh my gosh, that’s your mum,” Milo gasped.
The woman was distraught and clearly in pain as she hobbled down the street. She kept looking over her shoulder as if some knife-wielding maniac was chasing her. A solemn tear rolled down Alex’s cheek as she watched on helplessly. It was almost too hard for her to watch, but her interest trumped any other competing desire.
The woman headed into the alley just as the incident report had stated. It was dark, but with the bright streetlights and the camera angle, they could see enough. The woman pressed her back up against the building and slid down. She continuously looked down the alley to see if anyone was coming. There was no sound on the video, but it was obvious based on her facial expressions she was about to go into labour at any moment. She took out her access pod and inserted a cord into her arm.
“Check it out,” Milo said. “She’s actually plugging in.”
“What do you think she’s doing?” Aris asked.
“I’m not sure.”
Sensing the inevitable, the woman looked out into the street one last time before she was about to deliver her own baby. As she did, she noticed something – a surveillance camera pointing directly at her. The woman then appeared to be doing something with her access pod. Alex and her friends watched with a gripping fascination. Nobody said a word. 
A few moments later, the woman turned toward the camera as much as possible. Whatever she had downloaded seemed to be relevant for what she was about to do. She raised her hands to the camera and began using sign language.
“What’s she saying?” Aris asked.
“How the hell should we know?” Milo responded.
The woman obviously knew time was not a luxury she had, so she made her message brief. She refocused her efforts on giving birth. The sight was somewhat disturbing to watch, but none of them turned away. After what looked like a painful and horrific experience, baby Alex finally entered into the world and came to rest on a navy blue blanket. Milo nudged Alex’s shoulder to point out the blanket.
Baby Alex was quickly wrapped up and placed on her mother’s chest. Even in the woman’s anguish, she seemed happy. Alex paid close attention to how warm and affectionate her mother was being to her. She was pleased to see the tenderness her mother was displaying. It warmed her heart to see her mother’s love and affection, and to know she was not abandoned. 
Alex was fighting her emotions, but when the two guardian transport vehicles arrived, she lost control and began to cry. Based on what everybody saw, the only crime that was committed was baby Alex being pried away from her mother’s weak grip to be taken away.
The video continued to roll, showing a vacant street corner as if none of it had happened. Milo put his arm around Alex and told her it would be okay. Alex took a moment in her friend’s embrace and dried her eyes.
“Are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine now,” she sniffled. “Now, let’s find out what that message said.”
“I was hoping you’d say that.”
It did not take long for Alex to download the data on sign language. She reloaded the part of the video where her mum had signed into the camera, played back the video, and translated out loud.
“My sweet baby, please forgive me. I will always love you. If you get this message, know that you will be in my thoughts forever.”
After she spoke the message, Alex began to cry again. This time she did not hold back. She got up and sat on the couch. Milo joined her. 
The video continued to play and Aris took over the controls. He reversed the video until Mara was out of frame. Familiar with the neighbourhood, he checked the adjacent surveillance cameras. Another angle showed Mara come into frame, hobble down the street clutching her stomach before exiting stage right. Aris then tapped into another surveillance camera, which happened to capture the origins of where Mara had come from.
“Hey you guys, check this out,” he said enthusiastically.
Alex and Milo got up and walked over to the screen. Much to their amazement, Aris had found a new camera angle displaying more footage of the incident. They watched a pregnant Mara exit a window of an apartment building and make her way down a rickety fire escape. Once on the ground, she ran out of frame.
“Do you have any other angles?” Alex asked.
“Yeah, but it doesn’t show much, just her running. Wait, something’s wrong,” Aris said.
“What is it?”
“The screen went blank.”
“What did you do?”
“I didn’t do anything.”
Suddenly, a message appeared – ‘SECURITY BREACH – UNATHORIZED ACCESS DETECTED – ACCESS DENIED’.
“Aris, what did you do?” Alex asked in a panic.
“I don’t know, I was just searching for another video clip and then for some reason it kicked me out.”
“Did you enable your trace scramblers?”
“My what? You’re speaking another language to me right now.”
“Your trace scramblers, Aris,” Alex said firmly.
“No, of course not, I don’t know what those are.”
“We have to get out of here,” Alex insisted.
“Why, what’s going on?” Milo said worriedly.
“They know we were in the system. It won’t take long before they track us down.”
Alex quickly ran into her bedroom and began shoving several items into a bag.

Chapter Ten
Aris lived on the North side of the Green View Echelon, not too far from where Alex lived, so the three of them walked briskly to his apartment. Once inside, they had a chance to calm down and reflect on the situation. 
“Maybe we’re just being paranoid and nobody will notice we hacked the system,” Aris said. 
“Oh, they’ll notice,” Alex replied. 
Before they left Alex’s apartment, Alex activated the camera on her computer. Using her access pod, she established a live remote feed, allowing her to view her apartment from Aris’ place. They all gathered around and watched. A few minutes went by and nothing happened; her apartment looked safe and sound. Aris lost interest and stopped watching.
“I think we’re being too paranoid here, nobody’s coming for us.”
“Wait,” Alex said in a hurried tone.
Aris rushed over just in time to see three armed guardians enter Alex’s apartment. They spread out and searched the tiny dwelling. One of the guardians pointed to the empty drawers that were still opened. Another guardian pointed directly at the computer. They walked over to the computer and confiscated it, causing the feed to cut out.
“Still think we were being paranoid?” Milo said in a mocking tone.
“I think coming here was a mistake,” Alex said. “It’s only a matter of time before they search all the apartments on this floor. 
“Alex is right”, Milo agreed, “they were able to track me down me in this building in a sea of chaos. We must leave now.”
“Guys, we can’t go now, this place will be crawling with guardians. Besides, your image is probably being blasted on every monitor in this place.”
“This is all your fault,” Milo said aggressively as he grabbed hold of Aris and slammed him against the wall.
“Milo, relax, let him go,” Alex said with authority.
Milo released Aris, but was still in his face. Aris caught his breath and straightened out his jacket.
“They shouldn’t find you here because they don’t know Alex and I even know each other,” Aris said.
“How did you ever graduate with that puny reptilian brain of yours.”
“What?”
“You moron, you’re assuming they’re only going to knock on the doors of people she knows. What’s more likely to happen is they’ll search every apartment on this floor, and when they haven’t found her, they’ll shut down the entire building.”
“There’s over a million people in this building on any given day,” Aris retorted.
“It doesn’t matter, trust me. They have ways of tracking people down.” Milo’s rage began to boil again, “Why did you have to mess around with the computer?” he snarled.
“Leave him alone, Milo. What’s done is done. Now we just have to deal with the situation we’re in.”
“Hey, pal, your nose is bleeding,” Aris ridiculed.
Milo raised his hand to his nose just in time to catch a drop of blood.
“What’s wrong with you?” Aris taunted him. “You should go easy on the steroids; they’re obviously making you a little high-strung.”
“Milo, are you okay?” Alex asked. “Just tilt your head back, I’ll bring you some tissues.”
“That’s the third nose bleed this week. I think it’s the altitude up here, it’s drying out my sinuses.”
Milo took the paper towel that Alex handed him and held it against his nose to stop the bleeding. 
“You know, since nobody is looking for me, and Milo is falling apart, I’ll go on a reconnaissance mission and assess the situation.”
“That’s a good idea, Aris. Thank you,” Alex said.
“No problem. It’s the least I can do.”
Aris left his apartment and walked toward the tram. With his head down, he was trying to maintain a low profile while inconspicuously being on the lookout for guardians. He spotted several within his short walk to the tram. It was not uncommon to see guardians patrolling the pyramid, but their presence was stronger than usual. 
Aris boarded the tram and within a few minutes was at the ground level. He casually exited the tram and went over to a vending machine to buy a drink.
“What, two Units for a Titus Boost, that’s a rip off!” he said to himself. He held out his hand an inch from the sensor on the vending machine until he heard a beep. Then a mechanical arm selected his beverage from the shelf and placed it into the receptacle. 
Aris opened his drink and stood idly by, scanning the area. There were several guardians positioned at every entry and exit point scanning the faces of people as they walked by.
A bipedal robot approached Aris and began speaking.
“Hello, Aris. May I interest you in a Titus Boost?”
“I already have one, thanks.”
“Would you care for another refreshing drink?”
“No, I’m not interested. Now buzz off,” Aris said in irritation.
“Very well. Have a pleasant day,” the robot said before walking away.
“Stupid robot.”
Aris took another sip of his drink before heading back upstairs. He figured he had seen enough. Once he arrived back on Green View Echelon, he realized Alex and Milo’s paranoia was justified. The entire floor was swarming with guardians. Evidently they were going door to door, searching apartments. Aris slowed his pace so he could gather as much detail as possible. From what he observed, the guardians made a brief announcement, citing some obscure anti-terrorist law before barging their way in. 
They were only a few doors away from Aris’ apartment, so he hurried inside to warn Alex.
“How’d it look out there, Aris?” Alex asked as soon as Aris entered the apartment.
“Not good. They’re going door to door searching people’s apartments.”
“Please tell us you’re joking,” Milo said.
“Unfortunately not, they should be here any minute.”
Almost as if he had planned it, there was an aggressive knock on the door. “Guardians! Open up!” they announced.
“What should we do?” Milo asked.
“Don’t worry, they’re not looking for you, Milo. Just stay calm and act naturally.”
Aris opened the door, allowing the two guardians to enter. “How can I help you?” he said with an overly enthusiastic smile. “Would either one of you care for something to drink?”
“We’re here under the Anti-terrorist Act, Declaration A – subsection 7.1.” one of the guardians said pushing his way past Aris.
“Ah, okay, whatever that means,” Aris replied.
“Have you seen this girl?” another guardian asked as he displayed a 3D digital image of Alex.
“No, but I wish I had; she’s beautiful.”
The guardians ignored Aris and helped themselves to a complete inspection of his apartment. They saw Milo sitting on the couch looking nervous. They looked him up and down then proceeded to the bedroom. They walked in and out of every room, checking high and low. “All clear,” one of the guardians said. 
As they proceeded to leave, one of the guardians stopped. Milo’s heart was pounding uncontrollably. He kept telling himself to keep it cool, but it felt like he was going to pass out or have a heart attack. The guardian walked across the room and stopped. “Nice view,” he said.
“You can’t go wrong with mountains,” Aris said. 
One of the guardians held up a device next to Aris, capturing Aris’ bio-stats. It came back clean. He then aimed the device at Milo. Information about Milo’s recent arrest populated, which piqued the guardian’s interest. The guardian took a step closer. Aris’ eyes shifted back and forth between Milo and the guardian.
“Why are you so nervous?” the guardian asked.
“Guilty conscience I guess,” Milo replied. “I used to shoplift candy when I was a kid.”
A silence hung in the air as the guardian processed Milo’s vocal modulation in his access pod.
After a moment, the guardian said, “You two have a nice day.” The guardians turned around and left Aris’ apartment. As soon as both guardians exited, Alex removed her invisibility cloak and breathed a sigh of relief.
“I can’t believe that worked,” Aris said. “You should patent that thing.”
“It’s funny you say that, Milo suggested the same thing to me last week. You guys may have a lot more in common than you realize.”
“Somehow I doubt that,” Aris said.
“Alex, we should think about relocating you,” Milo said. “It’ll only be a matter of time before they do a thermal-image scan and detect three bodies in here.”

Chapter Eleven
Alex figured security was keeping a close eye on her apartment so going back there was out of the question. The three of them laid low for the night and stayed at Aris’ apartment. When they awoke the next morning, Aris went on another recon mission. Upon his return, he reported the security presence had died down. Nevertheless, they still wanted to proceed with caution.
They reasoned the best opportunity for extraction would be during lunch time when it would be the busiest. At noon, thousands of people flooded the restaurants, parks, shopping districts, and trams, making it difficult to locate and identify one individual amongst the crowd.
Alex wrapped her long brown hair up into a tight bun and put on a hat. It wasn’t much of a disguise, but it would have to do. Milo grabbed her duffle bag and they made their exit.
They must have passed a dozen guardians on their way to the tram, but there were just too many people for the guardians to inspect. With their heads down, they kept moving. Once they reached the tram, there was a slight sense of relief, but they still needed to exit the pyramid and get far away. That was the hard part. For all they knew, what lay ahead could be far worse. They could very well be leading themselves into a trap. If the security breach was considered an act of terrorism, then no measures would be deemed too unreasonable.
The tram stopped at the base of the pyramid and the three of them walked nervously into the main area. Fortunately, there were thousands of people walking around so blending in was fairly easy. They merged into a scattered crowd and then into an awaiting taxi.
“Where would you like to go?” the automated driver asked.
“Ferndale and Willow,” Alex instructed.
Just as the taxi was about to pull out, two guardians stood in front of it. The guardians took out their lights and shone them all around the vehicle. 
“Stay calm everybody,” Aris whispered through his teeth without moving his lips. 
The guardians circled around and shone their lights into the main passenger cab. As their lights hit directly onto Alex’s invisibility cloak, the light waves enhanced the cloak’s abilities, making her even more undetectable. Ironically, had the guardians not done that, they may have actually seen her. 
“All clear,” the guardian said, as he waved them through.
The taxi left the pyramid and made its way through the city. The Megaplex pyramid looked smaller and smaller as they covered more distance. After a long ride, they finally arrived at their destination. Upon exiting the taxi, they looked up at the old building in front of them. It looked just like the building they had seen in the video the day before, only much more rundown. They felt like time travellers visiting the future, or archeologists coming upon some ancient ruins.
“It sure doesn’t look like it did on the video,” Aris commented.
The building was not the only thing that had undergone decades of decay – the entire neighbourhood had succumbed to the effects of time and neglect. Many of the buildings were almost two hundred years old and were completely vacant. Any efforts to maintain them were given up years ago. The trees had grown taller than most of the buildings with their leafy branches, creating a canopy that nearly engulfed the entire neighbourhood. Grass and weeds sprouted through cracks in the concrete and moss made its way up the sides of the stone buildings, giving nearly everything an emerald hue.
Alex led the way to the side of the building. 
“That one there on the second floor,” she pointed. “That should be my mother’s old apartment. Come on, one of you give me a boost.”
Clutching his hands together, Milo made a step. Alex placed her right foot on his hands and grabbed on to his shoulder for support. With relative ease, he hoisted her up enough so she could grab the first rung on the fire escape ladder and pull herself up.
The two boys each made their way up the rickety ladder and onto the equally unstable metal platform. Alex approached the dirty bedroom window, cupped her hands together, and peered through.
“What do you see?” Milo asked.
“Not a lot, it’s pretty dark,” she replied. “Milo, can you please hand me my bag?”
“Let me guess, you have more gadgets?” Aris asked.
“Maybe. You’ll just have to wait and see.”

Chapter Twelve
The three of them stood on the fire escape platform. Milo kept lookout while Alex reached into her bag and pulled out a device Aris had never seen before – an antique handheld radio.
“What the heck is that thing?” he asked.
“This?” she said, holding up the radio. “This is a special glass remover device.”
Milo laughed because he knew Alex was just messing with Aris. 
“No way, is that another gadget you invented? How does it work?”
 “It’s simple really. I just grip it like this,” she demonstrated, clutching the radio tightly. “Then to activate it, I just need to raise it above my head like this.”
“Yeah.”
“You might want to stand back,” Alex warned. She then forcefully bashed the radio against the window, causing the glass to shatter on impact. Aris felt foolish, but had a smile on his face.
“Not everything has to be so high-tech, you know,” she said. 
Now that the window was smashed, Alex reached through and unlatched the locking mechanism. She hoisted the frame up, being careful not to cut herself on the shards, then climbed through. Milo and Aris followed behind her.
Broken glass crunched beneath their feet as each one entered. All three now stood inside a room, which was believed to be Mara’s old bedroom. After a quick walk through, Alex went back into the bedroom while Milo and Aris searched the living room and kitchen. Alex relished the fact that this was where her mother once lived, or at least where her mother was presumed to have lived. 
The apartment was empty; however, Alex got a sense of where the furniture used to be based on the discolorations on the floor. It was another example of the sun’s powerful effects as it once poured through the windows, bleaching the hardwood floor except in places that housed large objects. Now that the sun’s rays had been mollified several decades ago with the gold particles in the atmosphere, these discolorations would likely remain there forever, almost like a photograph, preserving a moment in time. 
Alex slowly made her way around the room, taking her time to examine everything. It was not that she was looking for anything in particular; she was just trying to absorb some lost piece of her mother’s history. The bedroom was connected to a bathroom so Alex entered it. As it was in her nature to be curious, she opened all the cupboards and drawers, and even huffed on the dirty mirror hoping a hidden message would be revealed in the fog. She turned the knobs on the faucet, but nothing came out. After taking one last look around, she went back into the bedroom.
“Hey, Alex, come check this out,” Milo called out from the living room. Alex went over to where Milo was standing. He was looking at something in the fireplace. Alex leaned in closer to get a better look at what Milo was referring to. Inside the fireplace, nestled in a pile of black ash, was a charred up teddy bear. It was pretty worn. The body was missing, the eyes were melted, and it was filthy with soot.
“Do you think that was supposed to be yours?” Milo asked.
“I’m not sure. We don’t know what happened to this apartment after my mum left. Another family could have moved in afterwards, not to mention we have yet to find any evidence that my mother actually lived here. For all we know, she could have lived next door and just happened to run through this apartment during her escape.”
“Are you really going to stay here tonight, Alex?” Aris asked. “No offense, but these hundred-year-old apartments give me the creeps. Who knows what’s buried under the floorboards.”
“If you want me to stay here with you, I will,” Milo said.
“No, you should go back to the Facility, otherwise you might arouse suspicion and be placed on the government’s radar.”
The posse split up, leaving Alex in the apartment by herself. The fact there was no heat, hot water, electricity, or furniture did not bother her. Somehow, she felt at home. She occupied her time mainly by looking out the window and watching movies on her access pod. Before the sun went down, she did a few more laps around the apartment.
As the sun began its descent, Alex decided to go back to the room to set up camp. She took out her tattered navy blue blanket and made a cozy spot on the floor. Alex nestled in, preparing for a long uncomfortable night. She laid on her back and stared up at the patterns in the ceiling before closing her eyes. A million thoughts raced through her mind. She imagined her mother living in the apartment, and then thought about what her life would have been like if she were to live with her mother in the apartment.
After some time, she reopened her eyes. By now, the room was completely dark. A faint glow from the moon entered the room. Aris was right, she thought, this place is kind of creepy. It was at that moment that the following statement Aris had made entered her mind, who knows what’s buried under the floorboards. Alex immediately sat up, unhitched her access pod from her arm, and enabled the density scanner application. She held her access pod out in front of her and slowly walked around the room, scanning the floor. A green image, showing anything denser than hardwood, showed up on the display. It was mostly pipes and screws being displayed, but then she noticed something hidden beneath the very spot she had been laying.

Chapter Thirteen
By the time Milo arrived back at the Facility, there were several guardians waiting for him. 
“Milo Rion?” one of them asked.
“Yes.”
“Please come with us, we have some questions for you.”
“What’s this all about?” he asked.
Milo was taken to a secure location inside the Facility and was instructed to take a seat. One of the guardians, Agent Archimedes, entered the room, exchanged words with another guardian, and then looked at Milo. Milo sat there scared half to death. Nowadays, lying was not so easy. Lie detection had been perfected so if the authorities wanted information out of someone, they could usually get it. He had heard the government had technology that could even read people’s thoughts, but that had yet to be confirmed.
Agent Archimedes stared at Milo for a long moment, most likely in an attempt to make him feel uncomfortable. This was an interrogation technique designed to keep people on edge, making it more difficult to conceal the truth. When someone is nervous, they tend not to lie very well.
“Do you know why you’re here?” Archimedes asked.
Milo’s heart rate pounded uncontrollably. He knew why he was there, or at least he had a good idea. Milo knew lying would be futile, especially since they were analyzing his internal body chemistry from his accountability chip, so his plan was to be as vague and ambiguous with his answers as possible, without actually lying. 
“That depends,” he answered.
“Depends on what?”
“It could be about a number of things… why don’t you enlighten me?”
“Where is Alexandra Gray?” the guardian asked, getting straight to the point. 
“She moved out last week.” 
“I didn’t ask when she moved out, I asked where she is,” he snarled.
“Have you checked her apartment? I can tell you where she lives.”
Agent Archimedes got right in Milo’s face. “I know you two are friends, I know you went with her to the jail, and I know a lot more things you probably wish I didn’t.”
“Seems like you know a lot, I’m sure you’ll have no trouble finding her. If I see her, I will let her know you are looking for her.”
Agent Archimedes knew he wasn’t going to get any useful information from Milo so he decided to let him go. 
Milo waited for the guardians to leave before he rose to his feet. He left the small room and entered the main hallway. There were no guardians in sight, but he still had a strange feeling that he was being watched.
The first thing he decided to do when he got back to his room was to warn the others. Although he had no proof, he assumed his movements were being tracked and his communication lines were bugged so he did not want to use any form of electronic communication. 
He searched his apartment for something to write on. The closest thing to paper he could find was a hemp shirt that he had. Milo tore off a small piece, dipped his finger in barbeque sauce, and began to write. It took all of his concentration and a steady hand, but he finally etched out his message.
Big brother is watching me, make sure our friend is safe.
After he scribed the message, he held up the cloth. Despite having very few experiences writing by hand, his penmanship was surprisingly legible. 
Milo waited for the sauce to dry before he folded up the note and delivered it to a friend at the Facility.

Chapter Fourteen
The guardian crafts moved in swiftly and silently as they assembled on the street below. About a dozen or so guardians remained on the street to stake out the perimeter while another group made their way up the staircase to Mara’s old apartment.
Inside the apartment, Alex could not believe her eyes. She stared at her screen for a moment to make sure the object she was seeing was real. There’s only one way to find out, she thought. 
“Flashlight,” she commanded. A dense beam of light shone from the end of her access pod as she knelt down on the floorboard and began searching for a loose screw or an edge to pry up. After an anxious analysis, she discovered a small notch in the wood that large enough to wedge her finger in. She lifted up the plank and set it aside. 
Extending her arm out, she aimed the light downward, illuminating the tiny alcove in the floor. To her surprise, the strong beam of light caressed a small wooden box. Without wasting any time, Alex reached in with both arms and hauled the lost treasure to the surface.
The box was covered with a thick layer of dust, but was otherwise in good shape. She blew off the top layer of dust and then wiped the residual bits with her arm. She laid the box down on the floor in front of her and examined it carefully. There was nothing particularly unusual about it – there were no markings or labels to indicate who it belonged to or what it was for. Whatever was inside though, had to be important enough for it to be hidden in the floor.
Alex slowly opened the lid and saw what had been hiding all those years. She perused the contents briefly, but before she fully comprehended what she had uncovered, there was a loud crash from the other room that startled her. Following that, a stampede of footsteps echoed throughout the apartment, striking fear into her heart. Alex panicked and quickly sealed the contents in the box and placed everything back into the floor. She slid the plank over to cover it up just as the bedroom door was kicked off its hinges.
By the time she rose to her feet, the guardians were already funneling in through the bedroom door. Alex ran toward the window, pried it open, and slipped through onto the platform. The irony of the escape crossed her mind, but only for a second. She was now descending down the same emergency staircase as her mother had done nearly twenty years prior, but that’s where the similarities ended. Once Alex made it to the street, she was surrounded by dozens of guardians. She had no choice but to surrender. A swarm of guardians surrounded her and bound her arms behind her back. She was placed in the back of one of the guardian transport vehicles and was taken to prison.
***
About an hour after Milo had written the note, Aris received a knock on his door. For a split second, he thought it might be Alex, looking to stay the night with him.
He approached the door and looked at the video monitor, but did not recognize the person standing on the other side. It was a young man who did not look too threatening so Aris opened the door.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
“Is your name Aris?”
“Who wants to know?” Aris asked.
The young messenger didn’t say another word. He simply extended his hand to deliver Aris a message. Aris looked down at a piece of cloth that was being handed to him. As soon as he accepted it, the messenger walked off.
Aris continued to watch the man until he disappeared down a hallway. Confused, Aris closed the door and walked slowly back to his living room. He unraveled the cloth and read the message. ‘Big brother is watching me, make sure our friend is safe.’
A concerning thought entered Aris’ mind. If Milo went to the trouble to write this note and have some kid deliver it, Alex must be in danger. 
Not wanting to waste any precious time, Aris gathered a few items before leaving his apartment. He rushed to the tram and boarded it just before it took off. Ordinarily, he thought the tram was fast, but not that night. “Come on, come on, come on,” he mumbled to himself impatiently.
 When the tram finally reached the ground floor, he sprinted out before the doors had a chance to fully open. Now darting across the main lobby, he found a dormant taxi and jumped inside. The automated driver greeted him politely and asked for his desired destination.
“Ferndale and Willow!” he shouted as he panted for breath.
“I’m sorry, please repeat the name of your destination,” the robotic voice said.
Aris’ frustration mounted. He gave the command again, this time slowly and clearly, “Ferndale… and… Willow.” The automated driver understood the request and the vehicle started to move. 
 The neighbourhood where Alex was staying was on the other side of town, which was at least an hour away. He took a few deep breaths to calm himself down and then reclined his seat to get comfortable for the long ride. The chair slowly tilted back, allowing Aris to fully stretch out. The bright lights of the city lit up the night sky and poured into the cab. Aris adjusted a switch that limited the amount of light that penetrated the glass dome of the taxi, causing it to become dark. He took another deep breath, closed his eyes, and dozed off. 
When the taxi arrived at the destination, the interior lights gradually became brighter, waking Aris up. He adjusted the seat and tried to shake the cobwebs from his brain. It was only 10:30 p.m., but already he was feeling fatigued. Stepping out of the vehicle under the dim glow of a streetlight, Aris looked down the barren streets and did not see a single person or parked car in sight. There was something unsettling about being in a neighbourhood that was completely abandoned, especially in a city with a population of over ten million. Rows of deteriorating buildings that were once the homes of thousands of people now stood vacant. It was the ugly secret that nearly everyone tried to ignore. These neighbourhoods were scars left over from the third world war that had not fully healed. They were a reminder to anyone adventurous enough to travel to them that the world was not always so perfect.
Amidst the burnt-down confectionaries, crumbling streets, and buildings with boarded up windows was the place where Alex was staying. Aris made his way into the back alley and up the fire escape ladder. When he reached the second level apartment, he called out for Alex, but there was no response.
“Flashlight,” he said, as he pointed his arm into the room. Overwhelmed with trepidation, he discovered he was too late. The first thing he noticed was the bedroom door broken off its hinges and lying a few feet from the doorframe. . 
The bedroom window was already open so he squeezed through. He aimed his light at the ground and saw the dirty tread marks of size twelve boots, decorating the floor. He followed the footprints outside the bedroom all the way to the entrance of the apartment. Much like the bedroom, the front door had also been dislodged from its frame and was now lying on the floor near the kitchen. Studying the doorframe, he observed black burn marks and the distinct odour of C4 explosives – evidence of a recent blast. Aris deduced the guardians had come for Alex, but it was unclear if they were successful.
Aris retraced the footprints back into the bedroom. He could see Alex’s little footprints in the dust on the floor. Piecing together a story of what might have happened, he concluded that she had managed to escape through the window. However, what happened after that was still a mystery. Aris walked over to the window and looked out, foolishly hoping to see her below. 
When he turned around, something peculiar happened to catch his eye. There was an intriguing pattern left in the dust around one specific area of the floor. It was apparent that the centre part of the floor had seen a lot of action recently. He could even identify one of Alex’s handprints. She was definitely doing something down there, he thought. 
Aris squatted down to get a closer look. Shining his light around the area, he examined the floorboards and discovered that one of the boards had a small notch in it. Running his finger over the groove, he realized it was just wide enough to wedge a small object in it. Using his pinky finger, he squeezed the tip in and began to pry up the floorboard. With a little effort, he managed to lift the board and set it aside. Much to his surprise, he discovered a small wooden box. The dust on the lid had been recently disturbed, indicating Alex had discovered it earlier. Completely captivated with his discovery, Aris removed the box from the hole, slowly peeled it open, and peered inside. With a furrowed brow, he studied the contents carefully. After a brief analysis, it was clear he had discovered a secret he was not supposed to know. 
He looked around nervously as he now possessed something of great value and importance. Remaining wary of any lurking marauders, he gathered up everything that was in the box and put it in his satchel. He placed the empty box back in the hole and covered it up with the plank. 
With the bounty now in his possession, Aris snuck away undetected like a thief in the night.

Chapter Fifteen
Alex was taken inside a cold interrogation room. Her access pod and all other personal effects had been confiscated and were most likely being examined. While she waited, she searched the database of information in her brain for any legal precedents that were relevant to her situation. Since lawyers were practically obsolete, most people typically had a large reservoir of legal data in their brain that they could access when circumstances demanded. Alex was unique since she had the entire law library in her brain – a massive feat for even the most advanced computers, let alone a human. With her unmatched understanding of the law, she was confident she could outwit a panel of the best lawyers and judges on the planet.
The only crimes they could charge her with were breaching a secured government database and having unauthorized access of government files, but convicting her was unlikely. She had not actually stolen any files, nor did the files pose any security threat. Nevertheless, the crime was still considered to be a very serious offense. 
Alex had just started her adult life and so far was off to a bad start. If someone had told her a week earlier that she would be hunted by the guardians and thrown in prison, she would have thought they were crazy. Despite being in custody for less than an hour, Alex already missed her freedom. 
Sitting in the interrogation room gave her a lot of time to think. Her only regret was getting caught. If given the opportunity to find information about her mother, she would have done it again.
“Hello, Ms. Gray,” a stoic man said. “My name is Agent Archimedes. I work for the United Intelligence Agency and am the head of security for the Leader, Maxim Morrison.”
“What does the head of security for the Leader want with me?” Alex asked.
“That’s classified.”
“I was told you are very bright, Ms. Gray, but do you understand the difference between knowledge and wisdom? Wisdom is something you get with age and experience. You may have a lot of knowledge in your brain, but you still have a lot to learn. Once our system alerted us to your unauthorized access of government files, logically, we wanted to see what you were looking at. Much to our surprise, the file you were looking at led us directly to you.”
Alex didn’t say a word.
”As such. I’ll be placing you in a prison cell for five years so you can think long and hard about your unlawful conduct. Your memory will be wiped and you’ll lose all recollection of this event and maybe even some other things as well. How does that sound?”
“It sounds like a misappropriation of power coupled with an unlawful punishment without due process. As you know, Agent, I have inalienable civil liberties that protect me from such abuses by authority that offend the rule of law.” 
The man chuckled with amusement. “I see you’re living up to your reputation. I might be willing to make you a deal.”
“What kind of deal?” Alex replied.
“Tell me how you acquired the knowledge to penetrate our security system and I’ll put in a good word to reduce your sentence down to three years.”
“That sounds like a pretty crummy deal to me.”
“I’m sorry you feel that way, Ms. Gray, but I will give you a chance to reconsider. In the meantime, you can get used to what the next five years of your life will be like inside a prison cell.”

Chapter Sixteen
After being detained overnight, Alex woke up and stretched her muscles. Evidently, her body needed more time to adjust to the uncomfortable bed and conventional way of sleeping. Without an oxygen-infused hyperbaric sleep chamber, she definitely did not feel one hundred percent refreshed.
Alex paced back and forth like a caged animal, trying to exercise her mind. That was the only way she could feel free. Her mind recalled books and music for entertainment, mathematics for problem solving, and beautiful imagery for creativity. At the same time she did that, she began doing calisthenics to maintain her strength. For over two hours, she performed jumping jacks, squats, sit ups, and pushups until a voice came over the speaker system and interrupted her workout.
“We need everyone to leave their cells immediately and form an orderly line.” 
Just then, Alex heard a mechanical locking mechanism unlatch and her door slid open.
Sweaty and exhausted, Alex began to take deep breaths and slow exhales to reduce her heart rate. She had worked up a ferocious appetite and hoped it was time for lunch. Reluctantly stepping outside her cell, she took her place in line among the other detainees. She looked around and caught the glimpses of some inmates staring at her, but made sure not to make eye contact with anyone. It was her first time seeing the interior of the modern prison in daylight. It looked more like a university campus from the beginning of the 21st century – back when they had university campuses. The natural skylights and stainless-steel details actually seemed pleasant.
Unsure what to expect from prison life, she embraced it as an opportunity to gain valuable life experience.
“This way please,” a prison guardian instructed.
The inmates marched past a row of cells then down a steel staircase. Once on the ground floor, they continued to be herded though a long corridor toward a large open area that contained rows of tables and a cafeteria-style kitchen at the far end. The ceiling was about forty feet from the floor and was comprised of a special glass that allowed natural sunlight to pour in during the day, but could also simulate natural light in the evening or in times of poor weather conditions. They were installed all over the common areas of the prison because it had proven to be effective for rehabilitation and morale.
Alex looked around to get acquainted with her new surroundings. Based on the layout, she figured if she were to drill a hole in the back of her cell, she would overlook the entire cafeteria.
Once everyone was in the cafeteria, the inmates maintained their single-file line to receive their food. Several guardians were stationed around the cafeteria to enforce order. 
Alex grabbed a tray, filled it up with unappealing grub, and found a seat, alone. She kept her head down mostly because there were a lot of very intimidating-looking women. They had a way of making her feel like a plump fish that had been dropped in the middle of a shark tank. Alex knew a lot about human psychology and realized if any of the other inmates sensed even a hint of weakness in her, they would surely exploit it, instinctively. However, displaying too much brazen confidence early on would similarly incite the primal instincts in the other women and cause them to get territorial. She figured her best strategy was to go unnoticed.
“Is this seat taken?” a friendly voice asked.
Alex looked up and saw a familiar face looking back. “Mara, hi!” she said excitingly. It was perhaps a bit too enthusiastic, because it caught the attention of some of the other women. Alex immediately corrected her excitement and slumped low in her seat. This seemed to satisfy the women as they turned back around.
“Don’t tell me, you’re here to break me out?” Mara joked.
“Not quite,” Alex laughed shamefully.
“It’s so good to see you,” Mara said, “but what are you doing here?”
“It’s a long story,” Alex replied.
“Why don’t you start at the beginning?”
“The beginning? How far back would you like me to go?”
“As far back as you can remember.”
Alex proceeded to tell her mother all about her life. She started with her first memories inside the Facility – how it was difficult not having parents around. She told the story about how she and Milo met at a young age and became best friends. She glossed over most of her scholastic achievements and said one difficultly had been making friends since many of the other kids her age were very immature. 
Other than school, Alex did not really have much else to talk about. She eventually arrived at the part of her life story where she moved into the pyramid, met Aris, and hacked into the government database.
“Why were you hacking into a government database?” Mara asked.
Alex paused for a moment, not too sure how her mother would react to what she was about to say. Then she remembered the sign language message and realized her mother anticipated she might eventually watch it someday.
“I wanted to find out more information about you.”
“What did you find?”
“Well, not much, but I did manage to locate a video file using my birth name and birth date.”
Mara made the connection immediately. “I’m so sorry, Alex. That must have been very hard for you to watch.”
“It was, but I also learned a lot. Do you remember that night at all?”
“Are you kidding, I think about it every day of my life.”
“So you remember the sign language message you left me?”
Mara smiled then said, “Of course.”
“It meant a lot, thank you.”
“I didn’t know what else to do and I needed a way to send you a message to let you know that I loved you. I had heard stories about women being separated from their children and then having their memories wiped.”
“Is that what happened to you?”
“No, fortunately not.”
“So there is one question I’m dying to ask you,” Alex paused, fighting back her emotions.
“What is it honey?” Mara said, placing her hand gently on Alex’s shoulder. It was the first contact they had had in over eighteen years.
“Why did you not try to contact me?” Alex said as her chin quivered. Her emotions were too much to handle and tears came flooding out. Again, this attracted a lot of attention, but this time Alex did not care.
“Oh honey, I’m so sorry for the pain you must have gone through,” Mara said, as she held Alex tightly. Alex began to cry even harder. Her mother rubbed and patted her back and told her everything would be okay.
“My sweet child, I’m so sorry.” Alex remained sniffling in her mother’s arms. This piqued a few guardians’ curiosity, but not enough for them to intervene. “When you were ripped away from me, I was hauled off to prison. I received notification shortly after that you had died due to an infection. I didn’t exactly have you in the most sterile conditions so I believed it. After that, I dedicated my life to revolting against the system. For years, I led a crusade to fight against the tyranny. Ironically, through some mysterious force of the universe, that was what reunited us again. Maybe it’s true what they say, everything happens for a reason.”
Alex felt a lot better after receiving this new piece of information. She peeled herself from her mother’s warm embrace and looked at her with sympathetic eyes.
“Even though I had no idea where you were,” Alex sniffled, “somehow I still felt connected to you. It was as if you were talking to me in my thoughts.”
“I was.”
“What do you mean?” Alex asked with a puzzled look.
“Regardless of where in the universe you were, I still wanted to communicate to you and let you know that I love you.”
“How did you know you could do that?”
“I didn’t know, but I just believed I could. I started communicating with you for many years, sending you prayers, until one day, you answered back. It was the weirdest feeling and I didn’t know how to deal with it at first. I thought for sure I had gone crazy,” she laughed. “But I could feel you telling me you were okay.”
“I did, I was saying that!” Alex said.
“That’s a relief; so I’m not crazy?”
“Well, I didn’t say that!” Alex joked, as they both laughed.
Their reunion was cut short as lunchtime came to an end. The prisoners were instructed to form single-file lines according to their block categorization.
“I’m in the A block so I have to go now,” Mara said.
Alex looked down at her shirt, taking notice of a large letter ‘C’.
“To think, this whole time I thought I was the team captain,” Alex joked.
“You’re smart, pretty, and funny. I’m so proud of how accomplished you are.”
“Accomplished? I’m in prison!”

Chapter Seventeen
Milo looked down at his access pod. He did not recognize the number of the incoming call, but decided to answer it anyway.
“Don’t say a word, just listen,” the voice said.
Milo was not one for theatrics, but given the circumstances, he went along with it. He had hung out with Aris enough over the past week to recognize his voice and appreciated Aris’ compliance for such precautions. As far as Milo knew, Alex was safe and sound at her mother’s old apartment. As for Aris, he knew a little bit more than that, but not much. Until Aris found out for sure, he operated under a veil of secrecy. Ordinarily, Milo would not be so keen on hanging out with Aris, but he needed to set aside his differences and coordinate with him to keep Alex safe. 
“Meet me at the spot where we first met.”
“When?”
“One hour.”
Milo disconnected the call then left his room immediately. Across the street from the Facility was a privately-owned building with an underground parkade. Milo ran across the street and waited in the parkade for his taxis to arrive. 
A few minutes later, six taxis showed up. He opened the door of each taxi, provided a random address to the automated driver, and then closed the door. He hopped into the last taxi, instructed the driver to take him to the Megaplex pyramid, and then crouched down onto the floor. One after another, the six taxis pulled out of the parkade and headed in all different directions. In case anyone was following him, this would impede their efforts.
Milo’s taxi arrived at the pyramid with about fifteen minutes to spare. Milo poked his head out cautiously to ensure he had not been followed. When he did not see anyone around him, he felt proud of his cleverness. His heart raced, but in a good way. The last couple days, his life was anything but ordinary. First, he was chased down by a guardian and thrown in jail, then he was detained and questioned in connection with a wanted fugitive, and now a secret meeting. The entire chain of events was rather exhilarating for him. He calmed himself and then headed into the park. 
With a hurried pace, Milo walked toward the grassy knoll where he first met Aris. It was not exactly the first place they had met, but he was sure this was the spot that Aris meant. When he arrived, Aris was already there waiting for him. They saved the pleasantries and went straight into business.
“Were you followed?” Aris asked sternly.
“No.”
“Good.”
“I know you didn’t invite me over for a tea party,” Milo said “so tell me, why am I here?”
“It’s regarding Alex.”
“What is it?”
“Well, I don’t want to say,” he paused, “I’d rather show you.”
Aris handed him a large folder, which contained several documents. Milo opened the folder and was amazed at what he saw. After analyzing the contents carefully, he asked, “Where did you get these?”
“It was in the apartment.”
“What apartment?”
“The one Alex was staying in. I went there last night after I received your message. I wanted to warn her, but by the time I arrived, it was too late.”
“Wait, slow down. What do you mean ‘it was too late’? Where’s Alex?”
“I don’t know. When I got there, she was gone. The doors to the apartment and the bedroom were removed from their hinges with explosives, most likely by guardians. There were several large imprints of uniform boot marks all over the place, further supporting the so-called ‘guardian’ hypothesis. From what I could tell, Alex made it out the window, but that’s all I know.”
Milo stood in a trance-like state as his imagination played out the events that likely transpired.
“We need to find her,” Milo said. 
“I agree. We should start by calling the local authorities and see if she was picked up.”
“So where did you find these documents?”
“It was in a large wooden box underneath one of the floorboards.”
“How the heck did you know that?”
“I got lucky I guess. I think Alex found it too. There was a disturbance in the dust surrounding the floorboard. That’s what tipped me off about it.”

Chapter Eighteen
Living in a hyper-accelerated world certainly had its drawbacks as Alex was discovering. Not having her access pod was unbearable. Like an addict not getting their fix, she struggled to find ways to occupy her time and keep her mind stimulated. On the outside, there was no shortage of stimuli; there was always a constant bombardment of sense data available at a moment’s notice. But now her life had slowed down to a crawl and it was proving to be a difficult transition. She knew the feeling would eventually pass with time, once she adjusted to her new environment.
Periodically, she would try to maintain her strength by staying physically active. As a result, she was gaining a lot more muscle than she would otherwise have. When she was not exercising, she would simply lie in her bed and contemplate the decisions she had made in her life that had led her to being where she was. Her life had had so much promise and then almost instantly, it had fallen apart. Being locked in a cage did not even seem real to her, it was as if she was in a bad dream and could not wake up. Unfortunately for her, that was not the case.
In a strange twist of fate, being locked up in a prison was the one place that allowed her to connect with her long-lost mother. It was as if some mysterious force in the universe had orchestrated the events in her life so that her and her mother could be together once again. She questioned whether her choices had any impact at all or was she just a passenger along for the ride. It was not clear how being locked up in a cell fit in with her life plan, but she trusted it would somehow work out in the end. 
***
After a buzzing noise, Alex’s cell door slid open.
“Come on, let’s go. Get up,” one of the prison guardians demanded.
Alex stood up and joined the train of prisoners. The line snaked around the upper level, growing longer as it collected more people. Once everyone was in line, prison guardians herded them into the cafeteria. The prisoners maintained their single-file line and accepted their allotted food rations, one by one. In some ways, it was like growing up in the Facility, except with stricter rules. 
Alex shuffled along in an orderly fashion, minding her own business. She filled her tray with food and then brought it to the same table where she always ate. She sat alone, but was hoping her mother would soon join her. Alex’s eyes scanned the crowd looking for her mum, but she inadvertently caught the attention of a scary-looking prisonmate. Like a deer caught in the headlights, Alex froze for a second.
“What are you looking at, runt?” the burly woman said.
Alex looked up at her and said, “Nothing… I was looking at nothing.”
“Are you saying I’m nothing?” the woman said in an instigating tone.
“No, that’s not what I meant at all. I’m sorry if I affronted you.”
“Affronted? Are you using fancy school words to impress me?”
“No… I was—” 
“I don’t care much for fancy school words.”
“I’m sure you don’t… sorry, that came out wrong.”
“Are you calling me dumb?” the woman asked.
“Of course not, miss.”
“Don’t call me miss. The name’s Olga, and you’d better learn it really quick.”
“It’s nice to make your acquaintance, Olga. My name is Alex.”
“I don’t give a rat’s behind what your name is.”
The woman got right up in Alex’s face in an attempt to intimidate her, but it did not seem to be working. On the surface, Alex was calm and poised without being confrontational, but inside she was terrified. Alex had downloaded volumes of different martial arts techniques – everything from Jiu Jitsu to Krav Maga – but had never used it in a real combat situation before. She preferred to use her words to talk her way out of any mess rather than using force. Besides, Olga was nearly twice her size and was with her friends – hardly a fair fight.
 Olga’s rage escalated to the point of physical contact. She shoved Alex so hard that it caused her to fall backward off her seat. The primal chants of, “fight – fight – fight,” filled the air as the crowd gathered around for some midday entertainment.
Alex quickly rose to her feet and stood her ground. Olga approached closer and slapped Alex across the face. The slap was heard around the cafeteria, which now had a sizable crowd gathered around the scuffle. The commotion, combined with the yelling and screaming attracted the attention of the prison guardians, but none of them were stepping in to help. Experience had taught them it was better to allow these sorts of squabbles to play out rather than stopping them. Suppressing the issue often acted as a pressure cooker, making the situation much worse over time. 
Alex could feel the stares from a thousand eyes fall upon her. It was at that moment she realized her strategy of going unnoticed had failed and she now required a new strategy. Interpreting the situation, she applied the principles of game theory. There were only two ways to act: passively or aggressively – fight or flight. Alex made a number of calculations and determined that in the long run, acting passively had a higher probability of producing a favourable outcome – so that was the choice she went with. 
Olga was receiving adulation from her peers, so she continued to torment the newcomer.
“Come on, fight back,” Olga demanded as she slapped Alex again. The assault was more humiliating than painful. 
Olga came forward, backing Alex up against the wall. She grabbed Alex by the throat with her left hand, made a fist with her right, and then cocked it back. Olga held her fist for a moment to play to the crowd and then slammed it into Alex’s face, causing her head to snap back and hit the cement wall. The crowd cheered louder for Olga and encouraged her to continue to dole out her punishment.
Alex was in a daze as her head felt like it had been struck by a sledgehammer, but she continued to resist the urge to fight back. At times, she thought she may even be able to beat Olga. As a master of controlling her emotions, Alex subdued the rage she was feeling because she ultimately believed it would be for her own good.
Olga still had Alex pinned and had no intention of letting go. Olga delivered a deflating blow to Alex’s midsection, causing her to keel over in pain and wheeze for air. The crowd cheered.
Alex struggled to get back to her feet, but within seconds a swarm of people began punching and kicking her. Her only instinct at that point was to turtle up in a ball and protect herself as much as possible. She must have absorbed a dozen or so kicks and punches before the onslaught abruptly stopped. The crowd gasped, causing Alex to think that something horrible had happened to her. She reluctantly opened her eyes and checked for any grotesque bones protruding from her skin, but there were none. Just then, Olga collapsed onto the floor beside her with void eyes staring at nothing. She had been knocked out cold. Before Alex knew what was happening, she was being helped up.
Once on her feet, she brushed the hair out of her face and could see her mother standing beside her. Mara was holding a metal lunch tray with a sizable dent in it. Olga was lying unconscious with blood trickling out from some undetermined location. 
“Are you okay?” Mara asked.
“Yes, I’m fine. Thanks.”
“Everybody, listen up!” Mara shouted amongst the hundreds of stunned onlookers. “This is my daughter, Alex. If anyone so much as touches her, there will be hell to pay!”
Indecipherable murmurs could be heard throughout the crowd as everyone went about their separate businesses. The show was over.
Although Mara was relatively new to the prison, her reputation preceded her. She knew a lot of people on the inside and had garnered many people’s respect. For anyone who did not have respect for her before, they certainly had it now.

Chapter Nineteen
The grass in the prison yard was lush. Despite the fact there was a twenty-foot high brick fence surrounding the perimeter with armed guardians looking down in watch towers, one might actually forget they were locked up. 
Alex was a little sore, but other than a few contusions, she made it through her first prison brawl without taking any serious damage. With the incident behind her, she now had the next three hours to talk with her mother. They slowly walked out to a far corner of the prison yard and took a seat on a bench.
“Any word on when you’re getting out of here?” Alex asked.
“No, but I don’t expect it’ll be anytime soon.”
“Couldn’t they just wipe your memory?”
“They could, but my debt to society is too great. They would rather have me suffer some more. I’ll probably serve the rest of my life in here.”
“Don’t say that.”
“If they haven’t figured out by now that I’m actually Alexandra Gray, they soon will. When that happens, I can kiss any chance of freedom goodbye. As I’m sure you’re aware, altering one’s accountability chip is a serious crime, tantamount to fraud.”
“So where’s your original acc. chip?” Alex asked.
“We stuck it in a pig. For a few years, I continued to pay taxes under my legal name. The pig’s cholesterol was through the roof, which cost me a small fortune in taxes, but eventually the pig died, as did Alexandra Gray.”
“So you changed your name?” 
“I became a creature of the underground, almost like a rodent. I changed my name to Mara because I think it represents me in some ways.” 
“How so?”
“Aside from being cute and agile, a mara is a naturally occurring hybrid. It’s essentially a cross between a guinea pig and a rabbit. Their behavior can be friendly if domesticated, but if they are scorned by humans, they will avoid them at all costs and only come out at night.”
“So now that I’ve shown up in your life, they’re likely to make the connection that you’re Alexandra Gray and not Mara Miletus?” 
“I have a modified accountability chip so my phony info comes up if I ever get scanned, but I cannot be tracked. I’m off the grid… well, not exactly,” she laughed as she looked around the prison, but I think you know what I mean.” 
“So what’s your story?” Alex asked inquisitively.
“Go ahead, ask me anything.”
“What happened with the whole… you know?”
Mara took a moment to gather her thoughts. “Where should I begin? Well, the short version is I met a man – your father – and we fell in love. Your father was a very powerful man and when I got pregnant, he abandoned me because he didn’t want an unauthorized birth to jeopardize his position. He took off and I never heard from him again.
“I laid low for nine months and thought I would just have you without anyone knowing about it. I knew that when the time came, my hormone levels would spike and alert the guardians of my labour, so I decided to run. I thought they would just search my apartment, I didn’t know they could track me.”
“So what happened after that?” Alex asked curiously.
“After I was arrested, they told me you had died. I spent the next five years inside this prison, mourning your death. I was also sterilized to prevent me from having any more unsanctioned children. That didn’t seem right to me. How can you take away a person’s right to bear children? Does this system not allow for a person to improve themselves? As hard as it was to spend five years of my life in prison, it made me become stronger, both mentally and physically. I educated myself, made some connections, and when I was released, I vowed to spend the rest of my life avenging your death.”
“How’s that plan working out for you?” Alex joked.
“Despite my current situation, I’ve actually made a lot of progress. As I mentioned before, I’ve made many friendships and have built an entire army that has rejected the ways of this tyrannical Leadership.”
“About that,” Alex paused. “I found the box.”
Mara looked at her a moment, then asked, “What box?”
“The box that was hidden in the floor of your bedroom.”
“I haven’t the slightest idea of what you’re referring to.”
“You had a full schematic of a space exploration ship along with plans to mine minerals from other planets. There must have been over forty pages labeled classified. I imagine it was printed on paper so there would be no digital record of it. Then I wondered how you got a hold of these documents… until I found several pictures at the bottom.” 
“I have no recollection of any of that. He must have erased those memories from my brain.”
“Who?”
“Maxim Morrison – your father.”

Chapter Twenty
The news did not hit Alex that hard as it simply confirmed what she had already suspected. The photos in the box clearly showed a young Maxim Morrison before he was the Leader with a younger version of her mother. Alex had only a few seconds to glance at the photos, but that was all the time she needed. With her photographic memory, she could recall all the vivid details in the photos down to every wrinkle of skin and fold of fabric. From what Alex had seen, the young couple appeared to be in love.
“If only there was a way to restore my memories,” Mara lamented, “then we would know so much more. Who knows what else he has deleted.” 
“Fortunately, nothing is truly deleted,” Alex said. “There’s always a backup memory stored deep in your subconscious. Even after a level-two deprogramming, it still does not reach your subconscious.”
“Is there a way to retrieve them?”
“Yes, in theory.”
“In theory?” I hate theories. What about in reality?”
“There are proven methods to access a person’s subconscious.”
“Like hypnosis?” Mara asked.
“Hypnosis is one method, but it’s a little outdated. I’m thinking more like a dream recorder.”
“A dream recorder? They have those?”
“They? No, but I built a rudimentary prototype a few years ago. I abandoned it due to competing interests occupying my time and I always meant to go back to it, but never did. It has all kinds of practical applications from psychoanalysis to entertainment. It works by scanning your brain activity during REM sleep. In theory – excuse me, in reality – those firing synapses are converted into digital data that a computer can reproduce on a monitor. In effect, you could recreate a person’s thoughts with vivid clarity, including colour and sound.”
“Does it work?”
“Well, I haven’t actually been able to reproduce what’s in someone’s head onto a monitor, but I have made strides in that direction.”
“What do you need to get this device to work?” Mara asked. “Maybe I can get some equipment.”
“Let me give it some thought,” Alex replied. “If we could hook you up to the dream recorder and have you dream about your past, there’s a chance your repressed memories will resurface in your dream. Then we’ll have a digital copy we can analyze.”
“Is it safe?”
“There’s a one-in-three chance it’ll completely cook your brain.”
“What?”
“I’m joking, it’s perfectly safe.”
“Have you used it before?”
“Oh sure, I mean, I designed and developed it. I wouldn’t have allowed it to be unsafe.” 
“Do I have to be dreaming? Can’t you just have it read my mind?” Mara asked.
“Sorry, it can’t read your mind, but it can record your thoughts. The trick is to have those thoughts projected on a monitor. I haven’t figured that part out yet.”
“So we can get the data, we just can’t view it?”
“Exactly.”
“Couldn’t you just upload the data back into my brain while I’m conscious and have my dream displayed in my head?”
“It’s not that easy, but…”
“What is it?”
“You just gave me an idea. Often when you try to reload data back into a person’s brain where the dream originated, the brain gets confused and mixes the dream data with your other thoughts. In other words, it contaminates the data and you wouldn’t be able to decipher fact from fiction. However, my brain doesn’t work like yours. Obviously, there’s no practical application to have everyone’s dream uploaded into my brain so I never thought about it before; however, in this particular instance that just may work.”
“That’s great!”
“It’s just a theory though; I haven’t actually done it before.”
“Can it be done?”
“I don’t see why not.”
“I love your confidence.”
“I guess it’s one of the perks of living at the Facility – you get to chase any whimsy and explore any idea. If you have the knowledge and the passion, one is bound only by their own creative limits.”
“I guess it’s a good way to compensate for the deficit in the student’s lives and make them forget about their family.”
“I wouldn’t say that. They’re not trying to make us forget anything. In fact, they have the technology to erase certain memories that cause us pain, but never once have they suggested we use it to forget about our families.”
“Yeah, because you were taken away when you were so young, you don’t have any memories of your family.”
“True, but not everyone who’s in the Facility shares the same past as I do. The government provides extensive funding to ensure we have everything we need to develop into respectable members of society, what’s wrong with that?”
“Nothing. It sounds like they provided you a life I could never have given you,” Mara said with a sombre tone.
“Don’t say that. I’d much rather have my mum,” Alex said trying to comfort her. “No amount of technology can replace that. Besides, even with all those resources, look where I ended up.”
“I guess the apple doesn’t fall too far from the tree.”
“You don’t really mean that,” Alex said as she pulled her mum in for a hug. Mara cleared her throat before changing the subject so she would not completely lose control of her emotions.
“So this dream recorder thing, where is it?”
“It’s probably in a box somewhere at the Facility, collecting dust.”
“Too bad we’re stuck here in prison,” Mara said.
“Well, neither one of us has been convicted yet, so in theory we could post bail until our trial dates.”
“You know how I feel about theories.”
“I’m being serious. Once we’re on the outside, we’ll have access to the equipment we need.”
“How much is your bail?” Mara asked. 
“One-thousand units. How about you?”
“Five-thousand units.”
“Okay, so all we need is someone on the outside to post bail for us and then we can get started. Do you know anyone willing to do that?”
“Possibly, I’ll make some calls.”

Chapter Twenty-One
Technological advancements had affected every aspect of society, and the prison system was no exception. It was clear the old ways had not worked. In the past, many ex-convicts left prison harbouring unhealthy amounts of bitterness and resentment toward the system. Once released, they would often fall back into the same old patterns that had landed them in jail in the first place. The rationale for locking people up used to be: punishment, protect society, deterrence, and rehabilitation. The new reformed prisons still incorporated all those elements, but there was a much stronger emphasis on rehabilitation than there had ever been before. At the core of the new model was free education. 
In some cases, inmates could have their memories wiped and even their genetics reprogrammed. The latter involved a non-invasive procedure that would alter particular genomes, causing new neural pathways to be formed. This would often produce new patterns of thinking and behavior to emerge that would eliminate any proclivity to nefarious activity. While the science hadn’t been perfected, it had been proven to be effective with certain individuals. As a result of the free education and genetic reprograming, recidivism was quite low.
***
Alex sat in her cell enjoying a classic, Homer’s Odyssey – a book she had always meant to download, but never had the time until now. Fluent in both Ancient and Modern Greek, Alex wanted to experience the book as it was originally intended so she had downloaded the Greek version. She took her time, slowly going over each line of text in her head.
ὣς φάτο, τοῦ δ᾽ ἤκουσε περίφρων Πηνελόπεια, Κι ἡ Πηνελόπη ἡ γνωστικιὰ τὸν ἄκουσε, κι ἀμέσως ἀμφίπολον δ᾽ ἐνένιπεν ἔπος τ᾽ ἔφατ᾽ ἔκ τ᾽ ὀνόμαζε· τὴν παρακόρη μάλωσε, καὶ φώναξέ της κι εἶπε…
Suddenly, her concentration was interrupted by a knock on her cell door. “Ms. Gray, you have a visitor,” a prison guardian said.
Alex was escorted down a long corridor toward the visiting room. When she entered, she was excited to see Milo standing there with a huge smile on his face.
“I hope I’m not interrupting anything,” Milo said.
Alex laughed. “No, not at all.”
As she approached closer, Milo was able to get a good look at her face. 
“Oh my gosh. Alex, your face is all bruised up.”
“It’s nothing.”
“I was about to ask how prison life is, but now I don’t need to. Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. I was assaulted by a group of women who could easily have passed for men.”
“Looks like they got you pretty good.”
“I consider it a badge of honour – an initiation if you will.”
“I’m so sorry, Alex. I wish I had been there to protect you.”
“You, protect me?” Alex mocked him. “No offense, Milo, but I’m fairly certain these women would have beaten you up as well. Besides, I don’t think anyone will bother me again. Mara is well respected in here and told everyone not to mess with me. So far, nobody has.”
“So when are you getting out of here?”
“I’m not sure. I’m still waiting for a trial date.”
“There’s hardly any crime so our courts aren’t that busy. What’s taking so long?”
“Milo, it’s only been a few days.”
“I know, but it feels longer.”
“Yeah, tell me about it.”
“Don’t worry, Alex, you’ll be out in no time.”
“Depends on how sympathetic the judge is to my case. If not, I’m looking at five years in prison.”
“What’s the best case scenario?”
“The best case is that the judge issues me a warning, but in the past, they’ve come down harshly on these types of crimes.”
“Why is that?”
“Because people value their privacy.”
“But didn’t Jeremy Bentham once say, ‘Where there is no publicity there is no justice. Publicity is the very soul of justice. It is the very spur to exertion and the surest of all guards against improbity’.”
“He did, but he was referring to transparency within our court system, not private individuals. The Wikileaks Act forces governments to disclose all information about its operations. But with so much transparency, people were concerned about their private information being leaked as well. Therefore, strict laws were enacted, which severely punish those who procure personal information by illicit means.”
“Such as hacking into a government database.”
“Precisely.”
“But the information you acquired was about you,” Milo said.
“That may not matter. We’ll have to see what the judge says. Sometimes the end does not justify the means.”
“So what’s Mara like?”
“You’ve met her. She’s a bit intense, but underneath her rough exterior, she’s kind. Unfortunately, some of her views are a little radical and unsubstantiated.”
“That’s a dangerous combination.”
“I agree, but I’ve had some talks with her and I’m trying to show her a better way.”
“How’s that working?”
“It’s working well. As with any of us, sometimes we need to be shown a better way in order to evolve.”
The two continued to talk for another ten minutes before a guardian instructed them that visiting time was over. Alex and Milo said their goodbyes and gave each other a hug.
“See you on the outside,” Milo quipped.
Alex just smiled before being escorted away. Milo remained where he was and watched her until she left his sight.

Chapter Twenty-Two 
The more time Alex spent with her mother, the more she was learning from her. In addition to building her physical strength, Alex was building her strength of character as well. The young prodigy was quickly absorbing a lifetime of lessons from Mara.
“No, keep your hands like this,” Mara said, correcting Alex’s form. “Good, now try to hit me.”
Alex threw a punch and Mara ducked out of the way and tackled Alex to the ground. Alex secured Mara’s wrists, quickly pivoted her hips, and locked up an armbar, forcing Mara to tap.
“Excellent. Well done,” Mara applauded. “Never give up, there’s always a way out.” 
Alex nodded.
“Let’s go again,” Mara said, as they touched hands, signifying the start of another sparring session. They began to circle each other, which caught the attention of some other inmates and prison guardians on the field, but everybody knew they were just practicing.
Mara lunged forward with an aggressive attack, but Alex was quick to react. She dropped down a level and wrapped her arms around both Mara’s legs and took her down with ease. From there, Alex swiftly moved into a full-mount position and playfully began raining down punches.
Just when Alex thought she was getting the better of her opponent, Mara reversed the position and trapped Alex’s arm behind her back forcing her to tap.
 “See, you thought you had me and you let your guard down. If you do that in the real world, it could cost you more than a limb. Let’s go again.”
“Why don’t we call it a day? I’m kind of tired.”
“Alex, the reason why we drill over and over is so these moves become instinctual. When you’re in a fight, you find out what you’re really made of. You cannot think, you can only react. Now let’s go again.”
“Okay,” Alex huffed as she sluggishly picked herself up.
“This is how you build character, Alex,” Mara said as she circled around. “There are many skills in life one cannot simply learn by downloading them into their brain. There are no shortcuts to success. If you want something, you must work hard, be disciplined, and be focused.”
Mara charged forward unpredictably, but Alex quickly stepped out of harm’s way.
“You must train your body as well as your mind. This is how champions are made; this is how you become a great leader.”
Instead of being on the defensive, Alex launched an offensive attack of her own. She distracted Mara with a simple leg kick, then moved in for the finish. Alex got a hold of Mara and hip-tossed her to the ground. Within seconds, Alex had Mara wrapped up like a snake and secured a deep choke that restricted her mother’s breathing.
“Excellent job, Alex. See, all these lessons are paying off. You’re becoming a fierce warrior.”
“Thanks,” Alex said gleefully, feeling happy she was making her mother proud.
“We have about twenty minutes before yard time is over. Let’s finish it off with some laps then we’ll hit the showers.”
***
The next day Alex was in line at the cafeteria to receive her food. With her tray in tow, she navigated through the rows of tables and sat with her mother. 
“Didn’t you get a piece of fruit?” Mara asked.
“They ran out.”
“Here, you can have mine.”
“No, it’s okay.”
“Please, I insist,” Mara said as she placed her orange on Alex’s tray.
“Thanks.”
The fruit had been in Alex’s possession only a few minutes before an arm reached across the table and snatched it off her tray. Alex looked up and saw the mountainous Olga standing smugly before her.
“Can I have that back please?” Alex asked with detectable disdain in her voice.
“No, I don’t think so. They ran out of fruit before I could get one. Luckily, you had an extra one for me.”
Through her training with Mara, Alex had developed a mental fortitude that could withstand the intimidation tactics and incitement from a bully like Olga.
Alex stood up and got right in Olga’s face. She had to tilt her head up in order to establish eye to eye contact.
“I won’t ask you again,” Alex said with enough bass in her voice to show she was not afraid.
“Yeah, and what if I don’t? You going to have your mommy fight your battle again?”
Ordinarily, Alex was unconfrontational, but since spending time with her mum, all she could hear was her mother’s lessons echo throughout her head, urging her to be strong.
Alex looked at Mara and without exchanging words, could tell what her mother was thinking. Just then, Olga shoved Alex. Olga took a step forward, as did Alex, and when they met, Alex quickly smashed Olga’s face with a slicing elbow. The attack completely caught Olga off guard and caused her to stumble backwards, clutching her bloody nose. Nobody had ever stood up to Olga before. Everyone in the cafeteria rose to their feet and formed a circle around the two.
‘To truly defeat your opponent, you must defeat their spirit. You must break their will and make them quit. Impose your will over theirs and make them afraid of you.’
“Come on hit me,” Alex said.
Olga happily obliged with the offer and took her best swing. Being much faster, Alex telegraphed the punch and easily moved out of harm’s way. Alex retaliated and threw a quick jab that landed under the ribs. It was intended to be a liver shot, but Olga had a layer of fat that protected her.
‘Be unpredictable and ready for anything.’
Olga clenched her fist, cocked her shoulder back, and swung at Alex with all her might. Just as Olga’s sledgehammer fist was about to connect, Alex used her speed to duck out of the way and throw a right hook that slammed into the temple of her aggressor. Again, the punch bounced off Olga, not inflicting the intended damage. It did more to humiliate Olga than anything as she was allowing her opponent to get the better of her.
Just when Alex thought she was getting the better of the exchange, one of Olga’s minions emerged from the crowd and tackled Alex to the ground. The unexpected attack completely blindsided Alex.
‘When you’re under duress, you must rely on your instincts. Only then can you determine what kind of person you are and know what you’re made of. Are you a person with strong character, or are your instincts to give up?’
Alex rose back to her feet, but could still hear the voice of her mother in her head. By now, two more of Olga’s friends had stepped in, making the fight even that much more unfair. Nevertheless, Alex stood her ground. Mara deliberately held back and did not get involved. She knew Alex could not only handle herself in this situation, but she would ultimately grow from the experience. To intervene would rob her of that opportunity to build character and become better.
‘You cannot think, you must only react.’
The two women came at Alex at once, but she was able to fend them off with a flurry of punches and evasive movements. She danced around the two women and bloodied up their faces with crisp boxing, brutal knees, and elbow strikes. The spectacular combination awed the crowd and had everyone chanting Alex’s name. It was clear the two women were outmatched and had had enough.
With frustration mounting, Olga shoved her friends aside and charged forward with an ogre-like punch. It was a last-ditch effort, but it seemed to have worked. Olga caught Alex by surprise with a heavy-handed right hook that landed cleanly on Alex’s jaw. Alex went down and was completely disorientated. She had no idea what had hit her, but assumed it was a sack of bricks. 
‘Are you going to turtle up and go to your happy place, or will you stand your ground and fight?’
The cobwebs in Alex’s head began to clear as she searched for her wits. 
‘Never give up, there’s always a way out.’
Before she fully regained her composure, Alex was back on her feet, facing down her opponent. She was seeing stars and could barely hear the faint echo from the crowd. Suddenly, the lights came on in Alex’s head and the roar of the crowd filled her ears. 
Olga’s size was actually a detriment since her large body required much more oxygen to fuel it. Even from the short exchange, Olga was exhausted. Her movements were laboured and sluggish, and her reaction time was seriously impaired as well. With her clothes drenched in sweat, Olga was breathing heavily.
Alex was not at one hundred percent, but was still light on her feet. She feinted as if she was going for a takedown, which caused Olga to drop her hands. It was just enough time and created the perfect opening for Alex to land an impressive spinning wheel kick to the side of Olga’s head. This time, the impact did the intended damage. 
Like a tree that was about to topple, Olga was almost in a state of weightlessness. Still on her feet, her eyes rolled back into her head as she was completely knocked unconscious. When the burly woman began to fall, it was almost as if she was falling in slow motion. The whole crowd watched on in shock. Mouths were agape and people adorned expressions of disbelief. Olga hit the ground with a thud and her head bounced off the cement floor. 
As she lay motionless, the crowd went wild with cheers. Alex could not help but look over at her mum. The look on Alex’s face nearly broke her mother’s heart. It was as if she was saying, ‘Hey mum, I did it.’ The gleaming pride on Mara’s face meant the world to Alex. Mara was building her daughter into a confident leader who triumphed in adversity. 
Alex looked down at her feet and saw her orange on the floor. She bent down, picked it up, and returned to her lunch with her mother.

Chapter Twenty-Three
Alex was sound asleep when the first explosion went off. She immediately sat up and listened intently. The blaring alarm followed by yelling and screaming told her she was not dreaming. There was no indication as to what caused the blast, but it sounded like it had come from the cafeteria. Alex tried to put a story together in her mind that made sense. She figured it had to be a gas leak in the kitchen or an old pipe that had burst.
Alex rose from her bed and peered out the window of her cell door. Under the moonlight that shone in through the glass ceiling, Alex saw some shadowy figures running toward the cafeteria. 
On the Northeast side of the prison, several guardians responded to the blast. They were not sure what to expect before they arrived as they only knew as much as the prisoners at that point. For many of them, they were out of shape and inexperienced with these types of situations. They were not battle-hardened warriors experienced in combat; they were operational supervisors that had grown accustomed to a sedentary lifestyle and orderly routine. 
The prison guardians gathered in the cafeteria just as another group were descending through the skylights. The infiltrators deployed a teargas canister, which disrupted the vision and breathing of everyone not wearing a proper gasmask. While the guardians were impaired, they were quickly immobilized, having their hands and feet bound. A second backup squad of guardians hastily marched toward the cafeteria with as much preparation as the first on-scene troops, but they too suffered the same fate. The pathetic and ultimately ineffective attempt to regain control of the situation was foiled by a group of well-prepared individuals who were dressed head to toe in black. Once the prison guardians were bound together on the floor, the midnight infiltrators initiated phase two of their plan. 
The invaders knew exactly where to go. With their gasmasks and night-vision goggles on, they ran down the corridor with their guns aimed high. They located the first door they were looking for and rigged it with a high-frequency blaster device. One of the men gave two heavy pounds with his fist and Mara crawled to the back of her cell and covered herself with her flimsy mattress. The frequency blasters detonated, shattering the solid door like it was glass.
“Come on, come on,” one of them yelled.
Mara tossed the mattress aside and darted out the door with no hesitation.
The masked posse went down another corridor, taking care of any threats that came up. A second door was located and provisioned with explosives – the same way as the first. Alex heard two large thuds on her door and was signaled to get back. She too crouched down and covered herself with her mattress. The explosives were detonated and the blast reduced the door to rubble. 
Alex was taken aback by the sudden explosion as she was not quite sure what was going on. Her ears were ringing and her heart was pounding as several masked men stormed into her cell. She thought about fighting, but they did not seem to want to harm her. One of the men approached her and extended his hand. Sensing her reluctance, he tilted his mask up a bit to reveal his face.
“Milo, what are you doing here?” she asked.
“Now’s really not a good time to talk about this, Alex. Please come with me.”
“I can’t go with you, I’ll be a wanted fugitive.” 
Alex was clearly thinking multiple steps in advance. She was not allowing the abrupt hype of a midnight prison breakout to cloud her judgment and make any impulsive decisions that she might regret. Another familiar face emerged from the mob.
“Alex, we need to leave this place now,” Mara said.
“But this isn’t the way,” she protested. “This is wrong.”
“There’s no other way, Alex,” Mara pleaded. “They’ll never let us out of here. You have to trust me on this.”
“Come on, Alex. I didn’t go through all this trouble just to debate with you,” Milo insisted.
Alex thought about what her mum had said. If she stayed, the worst she was looking at was five years. If she escaped and went off the grid, then she would always be on the run, which was not an ideal alternative. If she were to become apprehended, then surely she would spend the rest of her life in prison. She reasoned the best strategy would be to remain in prison, pay her debt to society, and await her release.
“I’m sorry, I’m not going with you guys. I don’t want to live my life on the run.”
“Well, then I’m sorry too, Alex. Sorry for what I’m about to do.”

Chapter Twenty-Four
Alex woke up in an unfamiliar setting. She looked around in confusion as she tried to piece together where she was. Around her was a number of smiling faces.
“What happened?” she asked scratching her head.
“Sorry, Alex, you were taking too long,” Milo said. 
“Milo, how could you? My life is ruined now!” she screamed in a panic. The outcome of her life flashed before her eyes. 
“Alex, before you go analyzing this to death, which I know you’ll do, just remember that we took you against your will. That way, if you ever get caught, you will not be held accountable.”
“You realize they can track us, right? Guardians could be here any minute to take me in.”
“I wouldn’t count on that, look around at where we are,” he said with a smile.
Alex looked around, but did not recognize the décor. “What is this place? Where have you taken me?” she asked.
“Alex, welcome to Incarus,” Mara said.
Incarus was an underground village formed amid a repurposed subway system. The village was comprised of a network of people who coexisted among an extensive labyrinth of tunnels and makeshift dwellings. The poor ventilation and moisture caused the entire place to reek of a foul stench.
“It stinks down here,” Alex said.
“Don’t worry, you’ll get used to it.”
“I don’t find that comforting.”
“Come on, let me show you guys around.”
They left the small room and descended down a dark tunnel in the abandoned subway system. As they were completely engulfed in darkness, Milo gave a voice command to his access pod and instantly a bright light lit the way for them.
“Afraid of the dark?” Mara teased.
“I have technology to solve this problem, why not use it?”
“What if one day you can’t rely on your technology, then what do you do?”
Milo didn't have an answer.
The beam of light shone outward from the access pod attached to Milo’s arm, enabling them to see their footing. Milo raised his arm, shining the circle of light onto the graffiti-laden tiled walls.
“The graffiti is a nice touch, did you guys do that yourselves?” Milo remarked.
“No, it was here long before we arrived and I suspect it will be here long after we’re gone.”
“You know, when we all become extinct and some new civilization discovers this place a few thousand years from now, they’ll probably draw the erroneous conclusion that we’re all a bunch of taggers.”
Alex and Milo admired the site as if they had discovered a time capsule from the past. The old subway system showed its age at every turn. The century old bricks were cracked and crumbling, and the furnishings were far from modern.
Their footsteps echoed off the walls, drowning out the other noises that lingered in the distance – dripping water, creaking pipes, and squeaking rodents.
“How many people live down here?” Alex asked.
“Exactly 150. Once we have more than 150, we divide into two separate colonies.”
“Where does the new group relocate to?”
“There are many abandoned places all over the city. In fact, there are entire cities of yore that have been discarded like trash.”
“Why 150 though?” Milo asked
“That’s Dunbar's number.”
“Who’s Dunbar?”
Alex was familiar with the theory and offered to explain it to her friend. “Robin Dunbar was a British anthropologist who theorized that groups of individuals should limit themselves to 150.”
“Why?”
“It has to do with the size of the human neocortex, it can only process stable interpersonal relationships with 150 individuals, so groups larger than that begin to become unstable and may eventually break down.”
“Interesting.”
When they arrived at the next station, a row of lights hung overhead, illuminating the way. They were spaced out every twenty feet, but some of them were burnt out or broken, which allowed dark shadows to conceal many nooks and corridors.
“This is the main hub of Incarus,” Mara said, eager to show off what she and her companions had worked so hard to build. Alex and Milo were astonished at how the place could even exist in such a modern climate.
They came upon the first room on the tour. Mara flicked on the light and said. “We call this room the vault.”
Inside the large room was a mountain of neatly stacked bills, reaching as high as the ceiling and as far back as twenty metres.
“What is this stuff?” Milo asked.
“This is what our money used to be, they’re called dollars.”
“Is this paper?”
“Although it was sometimes referred to as ‘paper money’, it’s actually made from cotton.”
The group seemed oddly fascinated by it. Mara waited by the door as Alex and Milo slowly walked in and inspected the outdated currency. Alex picked up a stack of bound hundred dollar bills. The yellow wrapper, which bundled the bills together, had the value of $10,000 stamped on it. Alex’s eyes scanned the room. Based on the height and depth of the large mountain of money, she determined there was well over three trillion dollars there.
“Why do you have all this?” she asked.
“A long time ago, when the banking system failed, a new currency was introduced – the unit. It was a unifying global currency that made these old bills obsolete. Once everything switched over to this new eCurrency, large stashes of these bills were forgotten about or abandoned. We happen to be scavengers, utilizing anything as a resource, so we collected as much as we could and brought it back here.”
“What do you use it for?” Milo asked.
“We burn it.”
“So was this a lot of money back in the day?”
“With this amount of money, you could probably buy an entire country.”
The tour continued. They arrived at the next room and Mara flicked on the light switch. A large warehouse-sized room lit up, displaying rows upon rows of books. The expression on Alex and Milo’s faces showed they were genuinely impressed, which was a difficult thing to do.
“You guys are looking at the largest known library in the world, thought to be the last of its kind. Inside you’ll find periodicals, medical journals, text books, fiction, non-fiction, maps, you name it.”
“Wow, this stuff belongs in a museum,” Alex commented.
“Speaking of old documents, I brought the papers from Mara’s apartment.”
“You did? Why didn’t you tell me before?” Alex said.
“I forgot. Besides, there wasn’t really an opportune time before.”
Milo reached into his bag and handed the papers to Mara. “I believe these belong to you.”
Mara had a peculiar look on her face as she studied the lost documents.
“I have no recollection of these,” she said. “You say these were found in the floor of my old apartment?”
“That’s what I’m told.”
Alex asked to see the documents since she had not had a thorough look at them in the apartment. “Yes, these are the documents I found. It says here that Maxim Morrison has plans to construct a galactic space station.”
“How old are these documents?”
“I have no idea. Like I said, that part of my memory was wiped so I have no knowledge of these plans.”
“At the State of the Union Address, the Leader mentioned a space-exploration program. These appear to be the plans for the ship, so I don’t see what the big secret is.”
“Mara, you said your team had a lot of electronics we could use to build a dream recorder. Were you able to recover the list of items I provided when we were in prison?”
“That’s next on the tour. Follow me, I’ll take you to our equipment room and show you what we have.”
“I don’t understand,” Milo said as he trailed behind. “What’s going on?”
“I’ll explain on the way.”

Chapter Twenty-Five
Mara brought them to a large room filled with computers and old electronics. Some of the equipment had been gathered recently at Mara’s request in preparation for Alex’s arrival.
Incarus was an agrarian society, living mostly off the land. A few members had ties to the outside world, but for the most part, they kept to themselves. They grew their own food, raised their own cattle, and maintained all the equipment themselves. 
“This is our equipment room,” Mara said. “Feel free to poke around. If you need anything else, just let me know.”
Just then, Alex realized she may have overestimated her mother’s ability to obtain the needed equipment. The room was a scattered mess with heaps of circuit boards, wires, and various other indeterminate components lying about in a disorderly fashion.
“Oh gosh,” Alex muttered under her breath.
“It looks like a tornado ripped through an electronics museum. Does this stuff even work still?” Milo asked
“It should. You know the saying – ‘they just don’t make them like they use to’.”
“I do know that saying,” Alex said. “It was popularized around the turn of the 21st century and was actually referring to products from the previous century. In order to stay competitive in a progressive market, companies reduced their quality standards as a way of cutting costs and keeping their products affordable. Unfortunately, your equipment is considered the junk in that statement.”
“Let’s just say we’ve made the equipment work for us.”
“Can you even download information into your brain with this stuff?” Milo asked.
“No, it’s not that sophisticated, but sometimes the old fashioned way of learning works just as good, if not better. Isn’t that right, Alex?”
“Definitely.”
“Now I see where Alex gets that from.”
One wall was completely lined with old movies and games. Milo approached the small library and began to peruse the titles.
“What are these things?” he inquired.
“They’re called Blu-ray Discs.”
“What do they do?”
“They play movies on a device called a television. You just need to turn it on, put the disc in the Blu-ray player tray, then select the right mode.”
“Sounds like a lot of work,” he said as he picked up a movie titled I, Robot and began reading the back.
Mara sensed his interest and asked, “Have you seen that one?”
“No. I don’t know who this Will Smith character is, but it looks lame. These robots don’t look realistic at all.”
“Will Smith is an actor, not a character.”
“Whatever, stories about the future never seem to get it right.” He put the movie back and moved on to the next thing that piqued his interest. 
“Hey, what’s this?”
Mara turned to see what he was referring to. In his hands was a thin box.
“It’s called a board game. That one there is a classic.”
Milo read the title of the tattered box, ‘Trivial Pursuit — Advanced Edition.’ “Hey, Alex, let me test you,” he said, taking out a handful of cards.
“When was the Treaty of Westphalia signed?” he read out loud.
“1648.”
“What woman was arrested for voting in the U.S. Presidential Election of 1872?”
“Susan B. Anthony.”
“How many furlongs to a mile?”
“Eight.”
“These questions are too easy, I don’t see the fun in this,” he said, as he put the cards back in the box.
“For people who learned the old fashioned way, they would have been lucky to get one of those questions right.”
“That’s why I don’t read, it’s obsolete.”
***
The plan was to recreate a rudimentary dream recorder comprised of archaic electronics that were lying around an abandoned subway tunnel collecting dust. It was a long shot, but Alex and Milo went to work. Like rats rummaging through discarded junk, they began to comb through every piece of electronic equipment available. Whatever they found that might be of use, they set aside in the middle of the room. As they quietly worked, a small pile began to grow.
“Alex, what about these?” Milo asked as he held up a bevy of coaxial cables.
“Yes, those are perfect, add them to the pile. We can always get rid of stuff later if we don’t need it.”
The cables were only exposed at one end. The other end was obscured from view under a pile of rubbish. Milo attempted to tug at the buried cords, but they didn’t budge. Instead of removing piles of junk to dislodge them, he had devised a quicker method. He wrapped the cables around his wrist to secure his grip, and with his feet planted firmly, he leveraged his bodyweight into one mighty pull.
Just then, the entire underground facility shook and Milo was sent flying backwards with the cables still attached to his arm. Bits of crumbling bricks fell from the ceiling as the rumble echoed throughout the tunnels.
“I guess I don’t know my own strength,” Milo said as he rose back to his feet and dusted himself off.
“Everybody, be quiet,” Mara said in a stern voice and with an intense look of concern.
A few seconds later, another rumble shook the grounds, and then another.
“What is it?” Milo whispered.
“Milo, stay here. Alex, I want you to come with me.”
“Why can’t I come?” Milo protested.
“If you want to come, then let’s waste no more time. Just to warn you though, it might be dangerous,” Mara interjected.
“Then shouldn’t Alex stay behind where it’s safe?”
“No, she needs to learn how to handle herself in these types of situations.”
“What type of situation is this?”
“The RT 2100s are here. They’re most likely looking for Alex. We need to stop them.”
“RT 2100s?” Milo repeated, his voice trembling with trepidation. “Those sound kind of dangerous.”
“Then stay here.”
Mara had given Milo an out, and only seconds to think about it. The choice for him was obvious to make. He was going to remain with Alex no matter how dangerous the situation. Besides, he figured it could not be much worse than the prison job or some of the other troubles they had encountered lately.
“I’m in.”
“Come then, follow me.”
Mara led the way as the three of them ran down the tunnel to a small utility room. It was an ordinary room that contained miscellaneous cleaning supplies. It was not clear how cleaning supplies would help them in this situation.
“Here, help me with this,” she said as she pushed a large wooden crate.
“What’s in the box?” Milo asked.
“It’s not what’s in the box, it’s what’s under the box.”
They pushed the crate aside to reveal a metal hatch with a thumbprint lock on it. Mara pressed her thumb against the lock, allowing it to be scanned. Within seconds, the hatch opened. Milo and Alex peered into the dark pit.
“You still have that light on you?” Mara said, looking at Milo.
“Yes, of course,” he said. “Flashlight.” 
“Alex, stay there and I’ll pass you up some weapons.”
“Okay.”
“Weapons?” Milo said. “What do we need weapons for? I don’t even know what’s going on.”
“Come on, hold the light steady.”
Mara lowered herself into the pit and began handing weapons to Alex. Alex received the large military-grade weapons and laid them down carefully one at a time.
“Shouldn’t we get an army together?”
“We don’t have an army, all we have is you two.”
“But we’re hardly soldiers!” Milo exclaimed.
“Don’t worry, an army of sheep led by a lion can defeat an army of lions led by a sheep,” she said, quoting an ancient proverb.
“That’s from Alexander the Great,” Milo said.
“Not quite, but let’s not debate over it.”
The three ran down the main tunnel toward the entrance that led to the surface, each carrying heavy artillery with enough firepower to stop a small invasion. Reducing their speed, they ascended the stairs that led to the surface, and stopped right before the part where the sun met the darkness. Now snugged up against the wall, they remained hidden from view.
Mara was in front, followed by Alex, then Milo. Mara signaled to Alex and Milo to remain where they were as she was going to investigate the rumblings. Alex and Milo stayed hidden in the shadows, clutching their heavy-duty assault rifles. Mara put the gun strap around her torso, slung her weapon over her shoulder, then leaped off the ground. She managed to grab a hold of the cement that was several feet over her head and muscle her way up with ease. 
Mara looked powerful and confident as the muscles in her back and shoulders rippled through her tank top. Alex looked up and admired her mother for the strong female role model she was. In that moment, she thought of how different her life would have been had Mara raised her since birth. Mara was an expert in all the things one needed to be an expert in to be a great leader. It was a bit ironic considering who Alex’s father was. Alex followed her lead and stayed closely behind.
“What do you see?” Milo said, from the back of the line. 
Mara held her body in a prolonged chin-up position as she elevated her head above the cement. The rest of her body dangled below the surface and out of view from street level. It did not take long for Mara to adequately assess the situation. She surveyed the area and developed a simple plan. Now she just needed to wait for the right moment to strike.

Chapter Twenty-Six
Just as Mara had suspected, the rumblings came from three, ten-foot tall, bipedal robots known as RT 2100s that stomped the ground with each heavy step. They were patrolling the grounds above the tunnels looking for something.
The robots mildly resembled the human form, but were much more advanced. Their eyes could scan every nook, bump, and crevasse and create a digital schematic of the topography. Their hands were affixed with flexible sensors that were a combination of gold nanoparticles covered with organic connector molecules that acted as an electronic skin capable of detecting pressure, temperature, and humidity. Their frames were reinforced with thick metallic exoskeletons that protected them from bullets and small blasts. They were also armed with various guns, explosives, and sophisticated gyroscopic stabilizing sensors, making them nearly impossible to topple. Defeating them would be no small task.
The RTs were not autonomous though – the various sensors relayed data in real time to a pilot in a remote location. That was their weakness. 
Mara lowered herself back down to inform the others of what she had seen. 
 “There are three RTs in a triangular pattern scanning every building,” she whispered. “We cannot risk them finding the entrance to the subway.”
“So what’s the plan?” Alex asked.
Mara informed them of a quick plan, and they wasted no time putting it into action. One by one, they ran up the remainder of the stairs and into plain view, but only for a second. Mara disappeared behind a building before the robots turned in her direction, and Alex and Milo took to their separate positions, also obscured from view. 
Alex crouched down behind a large slab of concrete, most likely a piece of a building that had collapsed from the war. She calculated the slope, velocity, and angle, then determined when and where would be the optimal place and moment to strike. As the large robot shuffled toward her, Alex placed a precision shot that blasted the base of an old street lamp. The lamp toppled over and came crashing down on the RT with enough force to severely damage the head, rendering the rest of it inoperable. In a spectacular hail of sparks and thunderous echoes, Alex had single-handedly brought down one of the colossal war machines. She paused for a moment of quick celebration before darting off.
The other two robots reacted to the destruction of their fallen cohort and scuttled over to investigate further. With guns drawn, they established a safe zone.
Milo was nowhere in sight, but could hear the loud crash and the mechanical gyrations of the moving robots. The sounds were unnerving and caused his legs to shake uncontrollably with apprehension. He nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard the machine guns go off. The rattling of hundreds of rounds of ammunition and the sounds of bullets ricocheting off glass, stone, and metal made him feel like he was in the middle of a war zone. He could only imagine what was happening, which made it worse.
He took a couple of deep breaths before running toward an old firehouse that was a few blocks away. When he reached the firehouse, he was gasping for breath and coughing up mucous from his lungs. With barely enough time to gather his composure, Milo stood in front of the large wooden gate and did what Mara had instructed him to do. He hoisted the rifle up to his eye and tried to steady his aim. He fired a single round, which completely missed its intended target and ricocheted back at him. Milo took a few deep breaths to calm his heart rate before trying again. This time when he pulled the trigger, the bullet pierced through the lock and shattered it to pieces. 
Milo opened the gate enough to allow him to squeeze through. He entered the old building and climbed behind the wheel of the big red rig that was parked inside. 
Much to his surprise, the rig started up with ease, but soon after it stalled. Milo’s frustration grew. 
“Come on you clumsy thing!” he shouted.
He started the engine again and pumped the accelerator. The gears ground together before finding their mark and the truck jolted forward. Milo let out an exhilarating laugh. 
“Hold on guys, here I come!” he exclaimed.
Milo charged out of the firehouse with vengeance. As he manoeuvered the heavy machinery into the street, the large wooden doors on the fire hall broke apart and littered the street with debris. The momentum of the truck climbed as Milo fumbled with the archaic gearbox. As he approached a corner, Milo cranked the wheel aggressively, causing the suspension to compress on one side of the truck. Once he rounded the corner, Milo straightened out the wheel and accelerated to full throttle. The truck picked up speed as Milo drove straight toward his targets. With the RTs now in sight, Milo gritted his teeth and let out a ferocious roar.
“AAAAHHHH!”
The sensors on the RTs alerted them of the imminent danger, but they could not react in time. Milo bashed into the robots and they crumpled upon impact. The RTs hit the ground with a thud and became wedged underneath the truck. The violent sounds of crunching metal could be heard as a shower of sparks poured out from beneath the rig. Milo slammed on the brakes, bringing the large truck to a stop.
Alex and Mara, who had been engaged in a firefight with the robots, congratulated Milo as soon as he stepped out of the vehicle.
“Nice work, Milo!” Alex said, as she ran over toward him and wrapped her arms around his neck.
“Well done, Milo,” Mara said, offering him a simple nod and a smile. 
Milo accepted the gesture and basked in the glory of executing a triumphant plan. 
“It was a team effort. I couldn’t have done it without you guys.”
“How soon before they send in a whole army of these things?” Alex asked.
“If I had to guess, a fleet is probably already on their way.”
“We must move quickly then. Let’s see what we can salvage from these bots. I can probably reconfigure their AI processors and use them for our dream machine.”

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Over the next couple of hours, Alex and Milo put their magnificent minds together and began assembling a rudimentary dream recorder device from scratch. Fortunately, Alex had already been through this process before so the task was easier the second time around.
The small pile of electronics in the centre of the room had been disassembled and sorted. With the components they had harvested from the RTs, Alex was confident they could recreate the dream recorder she had constructed at the Facility.
For the most part, Mara and the others stayed out of their way as they worked. After several hours of tiresome work, Mara finally interrupted to offer them some food.
“How’s it coming along?” she asked.
“It’s not the refined dream recorder I built at the Facility, but I think it will serve the same function,” Alex responded. “We were lucky to have the right equipment to piece this thing together. You guys have done a good job preserving these outdated parts.”
“When’s it going to be complete?” Mara asked.
“It’s ready now,” Alex said. “Shall we test it out?”
The anticipation hung in the room as everyone stood in silence. Alex guided Mara over to a cot and instructed her to lie back. Milo affixed a headpiece around Mara and ensured the transmitting nodes were securely connected to her temples.
“Okay, close your eyes and think about a moment from your past,” Alex said.
Ordinarily, for a procedure like this the subject would lay in a hyperbaric chamber with several highly-advanced digital displays hooked up to them, monitoring everything from their heart rate to their brain activity, but this version was not that sophisticated. 
With her eyes closed, Mara took a few deep inhalations and slowly released the air from her nose. The room was silent and the lights were turned down. Mara relaxed her body and began to recollect moments from her past. 
It took over thirty minutes of patiently waiting until Mara fell asleep. As she slipped deeper into an unconscious dream state, she began to see a stage emerge in front of her. She was now transported back to her early twenties. Mara sat in the audience watching a young, charismatic Maxim Morrison take the podium at the Annual Leadership Convention. She had never met Maxim before, but as soon as she saw him, she was captivated. With his beautiful smile and perfect bone structure, he was truly a remarkable specimen. In addition to his physical stature, he was charming, articulate, and poised, but also had a calm demeanor that put people at ease. Mara was looking for a flaw in him that would snap her out of the haze of infatuation that had unexpectedly consumed her, but she could not find one. 
The dream sequence skipped ahead to a time when they were together as a couple. Maxim spoke about how he was going to be the Leader of the New World.
The dream jumped forward again. This time, they were in an apartment, discussing plans for a space program. Maxim had a series of documents laid out and Mara attentively reviewed them. 
“Mara, I want to let you in on a little secret.”
Mara’s eyebrows furrowed and she tossed around in the dream state. 
“Do you think she’s alright?” Milo asked. 
“Yeah, she’s fine. I’ve never heard of anyone dying from a dream,” Alex said.
“Alex, you’re committing a false dilemma fallacy.”
“What’s a false dilemma fallacy?” she asked.
“You’re kidding, right? It’s when you erroneously present two possible choices, forcing a conclusion based on one of the choices being false. You claimed that since she cannot die in a dream she must be okay. However, you are ignoring a third possibility that she could be seriously harmed.”
“That’s interesting,” Alex said casually.
“Are you sure you’re feeling okay?” Milo asked. He looked over at Alex and noticed she was flush in the face.
“You know, now that you mention it, I am a little warm.”
“We must be over 200 feet below ground and it’s freezing down here. I can practically see my breath.”
“You know what, I’m fine, don’t worry about it.”
“Alex, something is seriously wrong with you. You forget some elementary logic and then complain that you’re too warm.”
“Hey, cut me some slack, I just built a dream recorder from memory in a matter of hours using random gizmos.”
“Wait, which ones were the gizmos?”
“Milo, it was a hyperbole,” Alex replied.
“I’m surprised you know what hyperbole means,” Milo whispered under his breath. 
Alex heard the remark, but chose to ignore him. She tried to keep it together, but knew something was wrong with her. Then, her nose suddenly started to bleed.
“Alex, your nose,” Milo pointed out as he handed her a tissue.
“Must be the altitude,” she said dismissively.
“We’re practically a mile below sea level.”
 Alex wiped the blood from her nose and felt disorientated. She rubbed her eyes and tried to shake off the feeling she was having.
“Maybe I just need some fresh air,” she said. As she tried to stand up, she lost consciousness and collapsed to the floor.


Chapter Twenty-Eight
Alex woke up in a daze. She was in a room she did not recognize and could not remember how she had gotten there. The feeling was becoming a habit as of late. The only thing she found comfort in was the two familiar faces standing over her.
“Where am I? What day is it?” she mumbled. Her judgement was still a little bit cloudy as she was trying to make sense of what was going on. 
“Alex, you’re safe. You just blacked out,” her mother said.
“How long have I been out for?”
“Just a couple of minutes,” Milo answered. 
Milo and Mara helped Alex sit up. “What happened?” she asked. 
“We were helping your mum with the dream recorder we constructed. Do you remember that?”
Alex dug deep in her brain and dusted off the relevant memory. It was starting to come back to her. She was puzzled as to why she had blacked out.
“Did we capture your entire dream?” she asked.
“I had to wake your mum up so we only obtained about an hour.”
It was incidental for Alex to try to be deciphering dreams at that point. She had a splitting headache and had no idea what was wrong with her.
“We need to get you tested,” Milo said.
“Stay here,” Mara instructed. “We have a shaman in our camp that can help.”
“A what?” Milo asked in confusion.
“A shaman,” Mara repeated. “He’s a spiritual healer who deals with the inner workings of the universe.”
“Let me guess, in exchange for his mystical healing powers, he requests you pay him money up front?” Milo derided.
“No, of course not. Trust me, the shaman will be able to identify your illnesses and remove any foreign elements from your soul.”
“Sounds like some spooky voodoo science.”
“Well, he probably thinks a lot of the things in your world are spooky voodoo science.”
When Mara returned with the shaman, he asked Alex to lie down. Alex was sceptical, but followed the shaman’s instructions. He lit several incense sticks and placed them around her. 
“What’s that for?” Milo whispered. 
“The incense contains aromatic biotic materials, which enhances the senses. It allows for a smoother passage into the spirit realm. This technique has been around since the ancient Sumerians.” Mara said, familiar with the shaman’s ritual.
The hot embers smouldered, causing the incense sticks to release an aromatic smoke. The shaman waved his hands over Alex’s body as the spiritual healing process began. The shaman inhaled deep breaths in an attempt to release himself from the physical world and communicate with the spiritual realm. By now, he had placed one of his hands on Alex’s forehead and another on her chest. Milo and Mara stayed back so they would not get in the way.
A few minutes of silence grew into over a half an hour. Milo had just about seen enough. His scepticism rose to a new high and he was about to interrupt the bogus ceremony and bring Alex to a real doctor. Milo thought things could not get any more ridiculous, but then the shaman began speaking in a strange dialect that sounded like his words were being processed through a blender. Milo’s curiosity allowed the shaman to proceed without interruption. Just then, the shaman’s eyes opened wide.
After a brief pause, the shaman said, “My spirit has been to the other side and has now returned.” He removed his hands from Alex’s body and extinguished the embers of the burning incense. Alex opened her eyes and sat up.
“I am troubled to tell you that I saw darkness in your future.”
“We weren’t looking for a fortune teller, we want to know what’s wrong with her… medically,” Milo said, growing ever more annoyed.
“Have faith my son, you may know a great deal about the physical world, but you know not of the mysterious forces in the spiritual world. It troubles me to say this, but your friend’s soul is infected.”
“My soul is infected?” Alex reiterated in disbelief.
“Infected with what?” Milo followed up.
“I saw a great darkness that will affect the lives of many. An illness unlike anything humanity has encountered before. A plague of biblical proportions,” the shaman chanted with intensity.
“Okay, okay, we get it. Did your spirit lords provide you any more details other than that?” Milo asked condescendingly.
“Only that it appeared to be from nature.”
“That’s great,” Milo repeated. “That could be anything. Thanks, pal, we’ll allow science to take it from here. Your services will no longer be needed.”
Mara thanked the shaman as he gathered his belongings and slinked away. When he was out of earshot, they focused their attention on what the shaman had told them.
“Okay, let’s review what we know about this illness,” Alex suggested.
“That’ll be easy, we don’t know anything.”
“That’s not true. Great mysteries and crimes have been solved with less information than we have. We just need to piece together a cohesive story with the facts. Now, what are the facts?”
“Nose bleeds,” Milo offered.
“Good, what else?”
“Memory loss, light-headedness, loss of consciousness.”
“Anything else?”
“Whatever the shaman said – something about being natural and some darkness mumbo-jumbo. I did my best to forget whatever nonsense he was saying.”
“Let’s focus on the nature element,” Alex suggested.
“You want me to start telling you some natural elements?” Milo asked.
“Sure.”
“Um, okay, let me see. Wood – that’s a natural element. Strawberries, that’s another one.”
“Milo, I need you to take this seriously. Wood and strawberries are not the kinds of things that cause illnesses. What exists in nature that is all around us?”
“Air is, wait that kind of sounded like Aris. Now that I mention it, he is constantly around us, maybe this whole thing is somehow his fault.”
“I doubt it, but you did give me an idea.”
“I did?”
“Yes, we should call Aris and see what he thinks,” Alex suggested.
“We could do that, or we could sit here and put our minds together and think of a solution.”
“You and I think too much alike. Aris offers a different perspective. He may not have the right answer, but he has an unorthodox way of thinking that has proven useful in the past. He helped us find Mara.”
“That’s not true at all. I found Mara in jail, which by the way, you and I both ended up in jail within days of being around him. I’m telling you Alex, the guy is bad news.”
“True, but you wouldn’t have even known what Mara looked like if it weren’t for his suggestion about getting renditions of my image done.”
“Again with the renditions, if I have to hear about these stupid renditions one more time, I’m going to—”
“You’re going to what?”
“I don’t know, but I assure you it will not be very pleasant.”
“Quit being so immature. I’m going to call Aris and invite him over.”

Chapter Twenty-Nine
Without any sort of direction in life, Aris occupied most of his time by playing video games. The ease of life made him lethargic and complacent. The only success he strived for was in virtual reality, perhaps because it was much more exciting than his actual life.
In the middle of his game, Aris was interrupted by an incoming message. He removed his video glasses and had the message read to him. 
“Meet us at 49°15'N, 123°6'W,” the automated voice said. 
Each attempt to reply to the message had failed. He figured the message was either using a trace scrambler, or it was on outdated technology that could only send messages one way.
“Meet us,” he said aloud, re-reading the message. “Who’s ‘us’?”
As far as he knew Mara and Alex were still locked up in prison, and Milo would not refer to himself in the plural form. The idea stirred around in his head as he went to the kitchen to get a beverage. The news site was enabled, providing background noise as he puttered around his apartment.
“Scientists are still baffled at the abrupt outbreak of an illness that has plagued people of all ages. Reports are coming in from all over the world indicating this is a global pandemic. So far, there have been thousands of reported fatalities and countless others hospitalized and seeking answers. The Leader made an emergency webcast moments ago, advising citizens to remain calm and that the government was doing everything in its power to investigate the causes of the sickness.”
The news piqued Aris’ interest, but not enough for him to devote his full attention. With his head buried in the refrigerator, he began taking out the ingredients to make a sandwich. The news still blared in the background.
“Local authorities are pursuing several leads in the hostile infiltration of the Megalopolis Penitentiary that occurred Tuesday night.”
This was definitely news that captured Aris’ attention. He stopped what he was doing and stood in front of his computer.
“Masked assailants swarmed the prison in the middle of the night, immobilized the prison guardians, and deployed several detonations. Two people are reported missing: 40-year-old Mara Miletus and 18-year-old Alexandra Gray. According to testimony from several inmates, Miletus and Gray are related. Although it has yet to be confirmed, Mara Miletus is believed to be Alexandra Gray’s estranged mother.
“Ms. Gray is no stranger to the public eye as she has become renowned for being the youngest person ever to have graduated from the Facility. The young prodigy and her alleged mother are believed to have orchestrated the breakout. However, authorities have no substantial evidence linking them to the crime.”
Aris was now staring at the two images displayed on the screen; a young beauty and another pretty woman that bared a striking resemblance to Alex. He now had an idea of who the ‘us’ was referring to. He turned the volume up and leaned in closer.
“This incident marks the first attack on the prison since inception and although none of the guardians sustained any serious injuries, most are pretty shaken up about it.” 
Aris instructed his access pod to pull up a satellite image of the coordinates. When the images populated, they revealed a dense forest. What would Alex be doing in the forest? he asked himself. He was of course assuming the message he received was from Alex. There was a possibility that it came from Milo, or anybody else for that matter. Am I being set up here? Is this a wrong number? Maybe they entered the coordinates incorrectly. Aris’ paranoia kicked in as he began to question everything. 
He decided to take a chance, put the video game down, and for once experience a real-life adventure.
Aris went into his room and retrieved a black duffle bag from his closet. The bag was filled with some survival gear he had put together in case of an apocalypse-type situation. With all the deaths and the secret meeting in the forest, he figured it was as good a time as any to use it. He slung the bag over his shoulder and left his apartment immediately.

Chapter Thirty
 With Mara’s dream stored on an external hard drive, the process of uploading it into Alex’s brain for further analysis was underway.
Alex laid down while Milo hooked up the nodes to her head.
 “Be careful, Milo,” Mara said. The thought of anything bad happening to her daughter was difficult to bear.
“Don’t worry, mum, it’s completely safe,” Alex assured.
“Okay, are you ready?” Milo asked.
Alex took a deep breath and said, “Yes, I’m ready.”
“Okay, I’m beginning the extraction now.”
Milo entered a few commands and the process began. It was a bit anti-climactic to watch since it appeared as though nothing was happening at all. Nobody said a word as they patiently waited for the machine to do what it was designed to do. After a minute, Milo was getting frustrated at how long it was taking.
“Calm down, Milo, it has only been a minute,” Mara reminded him.
“A minute is a long time to wait for such a small file – especially for Alex.”
“We’re not exactly at the Facility here, just be patient,” Mara urged.
“How could anybody stand the processing speed of these old computers?” Milo lamented as he paced anxiously around the room.
Fed up with the sluggish processors, Milo quickly rigged up another one.
“Is that safe to do while Alex is hooked up to the machine?” Mara asked.
“Yeah, nothing could possibly go wrong.”
“Isn’t that what people say moments before something terrible happens?”
“Mara, you worry too much. I have everything under control.”
Stretched to its limits, the computer made a succession of strange noises as the internal drives spun rapidly. 
“I hope you know what you’re doing,” Mara said, watching on nervously.
Alex remained still with her eyes closed as the data transferred. Images from her mother’s memory flashed through her head. Milo kept a watchful eye on Alex and checked her vitals manually. So far everything was going smoothly. 
Part way through the process, the machine suddenly started displaying problems. An error message populated on the screen and the system was making a high-pitched squeal.
“What’s happening, Milo?” Mara asked.
“I may have routed too much power to it,” he said casually in an attempt disguise his concern.
“You shouldn’t have messed with it, I told you to be patient!” Mara said anxiously.
Milo ignored her.
“Can you fix it?” Mara asked.
“I think we need another CPU, it’s trying to process too much data and it’s overheating,” Milo said, as he frantically searched through the pile of discarded rubble to find yet another processor. Just then, the horrible sounds reduced until they emitted the proper frequency – a nearly inaudible hum.
“What happened?”
“I’m not sure,” Milo said as he wiped the sweat from his forehead and breathed a sigh of relief. The spinning hard drive slowed down then came to a complete stop.
“I think you broke it,” Mara said.
Before Milo had a chance to respond, Alex slowly opened her eyes.
“Oh my gosh, Alex are you okay?” Mara said as she threw her arms around her.
“Who are you people?” Alex said as she winked at Milo.
“Alex, it’s me, do you know where you are?” Mara asked frantically.
“Yes, I’m fine. I was just messing with you.”

Chapter Thirty-One
The taxi had been driving for about three hours through many neighbourhoods that Aris had never been to before. He was tracking his trajectory via the GPS app on his access pod and was growing evermore curious as the taxi approached the city limits. Beyond the city was nothing but forest. 
The taxi eventually slowed down and came to a complete stop on the edge of the city. Aris got out and was now looking at a wall of trees and a dense overgrowth of shrubbery. Despite double checking the coordinates to make sure he was reading them correctly, he still thought, This can’t be right?
Although he was having serious reservations about the adventure he was about to embark on, he proceeded anyway, giving his secret messenger the benefit of the doubt. 
The moon barely provided enough light for him to see as he forced his way through some bushes and into the forest. From his duffle bag, he pulled out a large LED flashlight that was much stronger than the light on his access pod. With his light bouncing around in all directions, Aris pushed his way through the dense forest. The sounds of small branches and twigs snapping beneath his feet combined with his heavy breathing. It was the first time in Aris’ life where he was exposed to such a rural landscape. Having spent his whole life in a hyper-advanced society, he had never been in a forest before. 
It was the middle of the night and he was trudging through the forest on a wild-goose chase. It was certainly not the way he envisioned his night turning out. 
Struggling to maintain his footing on the wet and slippery forest bed, Aris ploughed through the unforgiving terrain, handling each obstacle that came up. Spider webs and low hanging branches dangled in his face, but were shoved aside, only to be replaced by some undetermined insect that he frantically swatted away. Of all the potential hazards nature doled out, the one thing to cause him to lose his footing was a slippery metal surface. Without warning, Aris’ feet slipped out from under him and he went down hard. His flashlight fumbled out of his hand and turned off. He moaned in agony and grimaced in pain. Now laying on the forest floor in utter darkness, he nervously felt around for his flashlight. Upon finding it, he turned it back on and returned to his feet.
What the heck did I step on? he thought. Shining his light at the ground, he was surprised to see a reflective metal surface glowing brightly. A stop sign? he said to himself. What’s a stop sign doing in the middle of the forest?
When he looked around again, he acquired a different perspective. Although he couldn’t see much, he could sense an unusual pattern in the growth of the forest. He shone his light around him and spotted an old fire hydrant, a sewer cap, and a streetlight – all of which were covered in living organisms and hardly recognizable. 
Continuing on his way, he followed the GPS on his access pod. After a few more minutes, the forest became easier to navigate. As he pressed on, he discovered a pathway – the second indication he was on the right track. The path eventually led him to the forest’s edge, where he stood on a precipice overlooking the remnants of an old neighbourhood.
The moon cast a golden glow on the old buildings, highlighting the tops of the grand structures that poked through the tree canopy. The remains of a once prosperous civilization now lay in waste. As with most abandoned parts of the city, it was losing a battle against Mother Nature.
An eerie feeling consumed him, almost as if he was in a lucid dream. Aris looked at his GPS. It was no longer functioning, which made him increasingly nervous. 
Descending down the slope, Aris emerged from the forest and entered the abandoned city. Now strolling through the dark street that separated the vacant buildings, he felt he was making progress. Surely whoever beckoned him would reveal them self to him. Shining his flashlight left and right, Aris took notice of the crumbling buildings. They told a tale of what had happened not too long before, giving him a different kind of history lesson than the ones he received in school. By his rough estimates, the city was over 200-years old and hardly resembled the city he had grown up in.
As he walked aimlessly, he eventually saw a trio emerge from an abandoned subway entrance. He recognized Alex and Milo immediately and inferred who the other woman was.
When Alex reached the street level, she looked around in awe. It was the first time she had seen the old city herself. Weeds had replaced much of the pavement, disguising it from satellite images. Then she saw Aris.
“Aris, you made it!” Alex called out ecstatically.
“How’d you know I was here?” he asked.
“Security system.”
“Hi, I’m Mara,” Mara said as she bowed.
“It’s nice to finally meet you. I’m Aris.”
“I’ve heard a lot of good things about you,” Mara said. 
Aris smiled at the thought of Alex talking about him to her mother. Milo recognized that as well and became even more jealous of him. 
“Can you please tell me what’s going on? Your face is all over the news.” he said.
“We couldn’t just let her rot in prison,” Milo said in a condescending tone. “Someone had to rescue her.”
“Well, aren’t you a hero,” Aris quipped. “Alex is lucky to have you as a friend.”
The remark irritated Milo, but he did not retaliate.
They entered the abandoned subway system together. Upon Aris’ arrival, dozens of people greeted him and made him feel welcome.
“This is quite the set up you guys have here,” he commented.
“Thanks.”
“So this is where you go when you want to hide?” he asked. “Quite literally, you go underground.” 
They came up to the equipment room and Aris saw a strange contraption hooked up to a series of really old monitors.
“What’s this thing?” he asked.
“It’s a dream recorder.”
“What does it do?”
“It records dreams, dumbass,” Milo said.
“Milo, be nice.”
“The device simply records a person's brain activity during REM sleep and then creates a digital copy.”
“That sounds amazing. What are you guys doing with it?”
“We recorded Mara’s dream and uploaded that digital copy into my brain. My brain reproduced that same brain activity so I was able to watch her dream in vivid detail in my head as if I was watching a movie.”
“Incredible. What was that like?”
“Well, it was a pretty interesting experience, but the system fried before I could experience the entire dream. However, it wasn’t a complete waste. We managed to obtain a partial transfer of the file so I was able to recover bits and pieces.”
“Why didn’t you just upload the dream back into Mara’s brain?”
“That’s a valid question. We thought my brain may be able to make connections hers could not. We figured since I have no emotional connection to the event, I could get a cleaner analysis of the dream, which would be objective and free from bias.”
“So what did the upload reveal?”
“It was very interesting actually. I saw Mara with Maxim Morrison, they were both quite young and from what I could tell, seemed to be very much in love with each other,” Alex began to explain. “Maxim told Mara he had a secret, but wasn’t sure how to tell her.”
“What secret?” Aris asked impatiently.
“Don’t worry, I’m getting to it. He showed her the plans for the space program. How he intends to build a ship to explore new extraterrestrial minerals, such as gold to put in the atmosphere.”
“Don’t we already have enough gold in the atmosphere?” Aris asked.
“Well, that’s where it gets a little murky.”
“Wait, how is that a secret, we already know about the plans for the ship from the schematics we found.”
“Right, here’s where the secret comes in – the mission is bogus.”
“What do you mean?”
“He has no plans on using the ship for space exploration or to mine gold. The purpose of the ship is to sustain life.”
“Why?”
“Is it okay for me to continue?” Alex asked her mother.
“Yes, it’s fine,” Mara said.
“The dream sequence was a little sporadic, but from what I could tell, he had asked her to go with him. He kept referring to Earth as a “broken planet”, and was trying to convince her to leave it behind and start a new colony somewhere else.”
“Wow, that’s heavy.”
“Wait, there’s more.”
“After that, the conversation shifted to me – their unborn baby. Maxim confessed that he had been conducting secret experiments on me without Mara’s knowledge. He told her I would be very special and would be the first of my kind – a child born with such extreme gifts, that it may be considered the beginning of a new race of humans. I was supposed to be the first of this so-called super race, but there were to be others. Together, we would all leave Earth and form a new colony elsewhere.
“Maxim Morrison had been doing secret experiments on you to make you the way you are?” Aris asked.
“Apparently.”
“Somehow that makes me feel better about myself and less of a loser.”
“I’m glad it makes you feel better, but how do you think I feel?”
“Yeah, Aris, don’t be so insensitive,” Milo scolded.
“So when Maxim told Mara the truth, she became furious and left him. I felt a lot of pain and sadness mixed with anxiety and betrayal.”
“He was no longer the man I loved,” Mara added. “He was power hungry with a malevolent agenda. I didn’t want to be associated with him anymore so I ran away and hid. Being single, young, and poor, I did not qualify for child rearing. I knew if I got back with Maxim I would be okay, but I couldn’t do it. It was the hardest choice I ever had to make. I decided to go ahead with the pregnancy and hide it from the outside world – only a few of my closest friends knew. They helped me so much by bringing me food and taking care of me, they are like my family, and that’s why many of them are still with me today.”
The group remained silent. They had all seen the video of the horrendous labour, now with a few more details of the back story, they could infer the rest.

Chapter Thirty-Two
After describing the dream to Aris, there was still one very important thing Alex wanted to discuss.
“Aris, I appreciate you coming all this way, and so far I haven’t mentioned why I beckoned you. Milo and I have not been feeling well.”
“You want me to make you some soup?” Aris jested.
“No, we called you because there’s something wrong with us. Milo and I have been experiencing a lot of the same symptoms – nose bleeds, light-headedness, and delirium. We were beginning to piece together a theory and wanted your input. You were so helpful when we were trying to find Mara, we figured you might have some insight on this issue.”
“Sounds like you two have the Doomsday Virus.”
“What’s the Doomsday Virus?” Milo asked.
“Haven’t you been following the news?”
Alex shook her head and made a face as if to indicate it was a dumb question. “I’ve been in prison then hiding underground.”
“They’re talking about it on the news – millions of people are mysteriously dying and nobody knows the cause.”
“Millions?” Milo said skeptically. 
“Well, thousands, but still that’s a lot. They’re calling it a plague.”
“A plague of biblical proportions?”
“What?”
“Never mind him, he’s just being silly. Tell us everything you know about this virus,” Alex said.
“I don’t know much, but not everyone is dying, many of them are just getting really ill like you guys.”
“What are the symptoms?”
“I don’t know.”
“Wow, aren’t you just full of answers,” Milo said in a snarky tone.
“So tell me what you guys have come up with so far,” Aris said.
“We were exploring natural elements, but weren’t getting very far with it.”
“What about time?” Aris offered.
“What do you mean?”
“This virus just spawned abruptly and wasn’t around last year. Something caused it to occur now rather than before.”
“Great, we’ll add time to the list,” Milo said condescendingly.
“Also, what do natural elements have to do with illnesses?”
“We’re not sure.”
“Are minerals considered natural elements?”    
“They could be, but I have the entire mineral classification in my brain – over 4000 known minerals, and I have never heard of any of them causing an illness,” Alex remarked.
“But if you have too much exposure to one thing abruptly, couldn’t that be poisonous?”
“What minerals have we been exposed to though?” Milo asked.
“What about gold,” Aris offered. Everyone was silent. “Think about it, gold is everywhere – we grind it up and put it in our atmosphere to negate the harmful effects of the sun. It only stands to reason that if we have been breathing tiny gold particles into our lungs since we were born, it would eventually cause us to become sick.”
“Oh my gosh, that’s it!” Alex exclaimed. “Aris, you’re a genius. The cause was right in front of our faces the entire time. We didn’t think of it because none of us have lived in a world where the sky was any other colour than gold so we took it for granted.”
“The timing is significant since putting gold in the atmosphere has never been done before in the history of humankind and we’ve been breathing in gold dust our whole lives. Maybe now we’re beginning to see the long-term, residual effects from that.”
“It’s not a virus at all.”
“If it’s not a virus, does that mean it can’t be cured? It’s not like we can take the gold out of the atmosphere. Also, why are some people becoming ill and other people like me feel fine?” Aris asked.
“Most likely there have been different levels of exposure. My guess is that you’ve spent very little time outdoors.”
“It’s true, I rarely leave my apartment, and whenever I do, I rarely leave the pyramid. The pyramid has filtered air so I haven’t been breathing in that gold crap like everyone else. See, sometimes staying inside playing video games can save your life.”
 “Of course, like any good science, we need to test this hypothesis. Can you plug in and see if we can find any other reported occurrences or relevant data on gold poisoning?” Alex asked.
“It’s no use, you won’t be able to plug in here,” Mara said. “We don’t believe in it so we installed towers to scramble the connection. Remember, we are an agrarian society and don’t want to be corrupted by the modern world.”
“I hate to break this to you Mara, because you seem like a nice lady, but you are inundated with relics from the modern world. Technology consumes almost every aspect of your life,” Aris said.
“The technology we use is fine since it is well understood by now. Humans have a tendency to rush into the latest technological innovation seemingly unaware and unconcerned of any ramifications that may follow. Look at the case in point; they solved one problem and created another.”
“You and your daughter are a lot alike.”
“So I’ve been told,” Mara said. “Even though we can’t plug in here, we have the next best thing. Follow me.”

Chapter Thirty-Three
Mara led the way to the library. When they arrived, they stopped at the entrance and stared into the vast assortment of written knowledge. It was impossible not to be overwhelmed by the sheer volume of the collection. At one point in time, the library would have represented the world’s best knowledge, but now, the same amount of information could be stored in something the size of a fingernail. 
“Please tell me this is organized?” Aris asked.
“Yes, it’s organized according to the Dewey Decimal System.”
“I have no idea what that means, but let’s get started.”
Mara walked them through the narrow rows that were packed tightly with old and dusty books. The shelves extended to the ceiling, which was over twelve-feet high. At the far end, was the science section.
As Alex passed through the rows of books, she felt like she was walking inside a giant brain. She extended her arms out to her sides and allowed the books to graze her fingertips as if she could absorb the information just by touching them. 
“Okay, so these three shelves are all our books on science. Please remember to put the books back where you found them.”
 The four of them branched out in separate ways and combed through the vast collection of books trying to find anything related to symptoms for gold poisoning.
“I couldn’t imagine living in a world where people had to read books to get information,” Milo said to anyone within earshot. Nobody responded. “It must have taken them forever to get through it, and how much of the information could they possibly retain?”
He picked up a book with a familiar title, Plato’s Republic. As he flipped through the pages, he couldn’t help but think of how long it would take if he actually had to read it. He had downloaded the book many years ago, and the complete transfer only took a few seconds. He flipped through a few pages and happened to stumble onto the section about the guardian class.
The premise was Socrates, Adeimantus, and Glaucon discussing a theoretical city that would be both just and prosperous. They recognized that people’s natural abilities varied and each person was born with aptitudes that fit them for different jobs. Each person would therefore adopt a role in society, such as builders, weavers, farmers, cobblers, doctors, and so on. In regards to who ought to rule, it was determined that someone who was expert in kingship would be required – the guardian class.
Milo continued to read about what Socrates thought a guardian should possess. 
The guardians will be gentle with friends and high-spirited with enemies, they’ll also be courageous, fast, strong, and have keen senses. The guardians will be the eldest and will have the best skill in watching over society. These men are instilled with great power, so every precaution must be made to preserve them. Therefore, they’ll be selected from a very young age from the ones that demonstrate a certain guardian disposition, and will be nurtured all the way up until they can fulfill their role. This class will be few, but the ones selected will prevail as sublime leaders. Among other things, they will be self-disciplined, which is the opposite of having a weakness of the will. As such, they will not be easily persuaded or tempted by things that might corrupt their soul. 
Milo, now thoroughly getting into the text, smirked when he encountered the next part.
It is said that when a person is around bad company or a bad upbringing, these negative forces will incline his personality to be weak and corrupt, which will overpower any good inclinations. But if a person is self-disciplined, the better part will rule over the worst part.
‘That’s so true,’ he thought. 
Since children inherit their parent’s traits, it will be advantageous to breed within classes and not mix them. It could be said that two farmer parents will likely raise a good farmer, and likewise, two guardian parents will likely raise a good guardian. Therefore, if a farmer breeds with a guardian for instance, then it will ruin the city because it will disrupt the purity of their roles. Guardians will oversee that people do not procreate between classes.
Milo stopped for a moment to think of how much this resonated with the society he lived in. The philosophy was the same, but instead of selective breeding and carefully nurturing guardians their whole lives, guardians were clones that had all the desirable guardian dispositions programmed into them. Technology enabled the process to be much more efficient with less chance for error.
“Hey, Milo, did you find something?” Alex called out. Milo quickly closed the book and carried on with his search. 
“Have you found anything yet?” he asked as he approached Alex.
“I think so. It says here you can get poisoning from overexposure to gold. It lists the symptoms as headaches, nausea, bone marrow depletion, jaundice, dermatitis, cholestasis, pneumonitis, gastrointestinal bleeding, ocular chrysiasis, and nephrotic syndrome. Any one of these symptoms could kill a person.”
“I wonder why I haven’t come across this in the archives.”
“"It's probably because the government removed it from the digital records because news like that would cause mass hysteria. If they allowed information about the air being toxic to circulate, then there would be a huge public outcry. Everyone would demand they fix the problem and I don't think they know how to.”

Chapter Thirty-Four
The next day, Mara searched everywhere for Alex, but could not find her.
“Has anyone seen Alex?” Mara asked.
“I think she said she was going to the library,” Milo replied. He detected a slight panic in Mara’s voice and offered some comforting words. “I wouldn’t worry too much about Alex, she can take care of herself.” 
“I know, but I’ve lost her once before and I don’t want to lose her again. If you ever have kids one day, you’ll discover that there’s no stronger bond than the love a parent has for their child.”
Milo and Aris followed Mara to the library. They spread out and combed through the maze of shelves. Sure enough, Alex was sitting alone in the science section surrounded by books.
“Found her,” Milo announced.
“You did? Was I lost?” Alex asked.
“Yeah, Mara was looking for you and was on the verge of having a panic attack.”
Alex picked herself off the ground and began putting away the books.
“What are you doing, Alex?” Mara asked.
“I was just doing some last-minute research before we head out.”
“Whenever you’re ready, I’ll show you the way.”
Alex and her friends walked with Mara down the dark tunnel to the next station, which was less than a mile away. Their footsteps echoed off the domed ceiling as they shuffled along the filthy cement, but was drowned out by aimless chatter. Among the thick stench of decaying garbage and human waste were scurrying critters that would avoid the light whenever it grazed their backs. Evidently, there were many other co-inhabitants that shared the underground tunnels with Mara’s squad. 
They arrived at the next station and Mara climbed atop the old platform to activate a light switch located in a service room. A series of lights powered up in succession creating an audible buzzing sound of pulsating electricity. When the lights came on, they revealed dozens of exotic automobiles. 
“Wow, great collection of vintage cars,” Aris said, admiring the beauty in their primitive designs.
The gang slowly walked around, observing each of the outdated vehicles. There was a Ferrari Velocità, a pristine Lamborghini Vita, several off-road vehicles, and a collection of Ducati street bikes – all about a hundred years old.
“Do these still work?” Milo asked in astonishment.
 “Yes, they’ve all been maintained very well. I think you’ll find these suitable to get you back to the city.”
Alex and Milo gravitated to the black Ferrari. They entered the vehicle and got acquainted with the mechanics. 
“I hope nobody sees me in this thing?” Milo said.
“Why?”
“It’s practically a museum on wheels,” Milo said. “People are going to think I’m an old man, it’s embarrassing.”
“Oh get over it. Who cares what people may think about you.”
Alex pressed a button for the ignition, causing the engine to engage. The mid-mounted engine idled silently and the lights on the dash came on.
Aris was feeling a little bit more adventurous so he chose one of the Ducati motorcycles.
Alex said some final words to her mother then slowly pulled out of the parking compound. A ramp had been set up to allow them to drive down into the tunnel. Their headlights automatically came on and pierced the darkness, illuminating the abandoned tunnel. With a clear visual on the road ahead, Alex accelerated out of Mara’s sight. 
They reached the end of the tunnel and came upon another ramp that brought them to street level. Once on the open road, Alex and Aris took off like blurs in the night. 
Over the next few miles, the vehicles on the roads were sparse, and the ones that were present drove slowly with very predictable patterns. This made it easy for Alex to weave through them at high speeds. Ever since the institution of automated drivers, automobiles operated at consistent speed. The amount of traffic jams and accidents drastically reduced to almost nothing. However, with that another thing was lost – the joy of driving. The closest thing any of them had to this experience was in simulations, but nothing could compare to the real thing. Despite it being an old person’s car, Alex was having a lot of fun driving the supercharged electric import.
When they entered further into the city, an eerie feeling came over them, almost as if death was in the air. It felt like being in a ghost town or returning to a place after an apocalypse, which was particularly unusual considering the city of Megalopolis was home to more than 10-million people. Flocks of dead birds littered the streets, indicating that whatever was killing humans also appeared to be affecting animals.
At a certain point, Aris pulled up alongside the Ferrari and gave Milo and Alex a quick nod before speeding off in another direction. From the passenger side, Milo watched Aris until he was out of sight.
The streetlights ushered them along as they approached mind-numbing speeds. Alex’s cool and calm demeanor suggested she had been racing cars professionally her whole life, but in actuality, it was her first time. Not much was spoken between Alex and Milo. He put his head back on the fine Italian leather and she focused on driving. They continued through the massive city until finally reaching their destination. 
Alex pulled into a covered parking garage located across the street from the Facility. 
“Milo, can I borrow your access pod?”
“What happened to yours?”
“You forgot to retrieve it from the prison when you broke me out, remember?”
Milo dislodged his access pod and handed it to Alex. After securing the small device to her wrist, she tethered into the mainframe. She gave a simple voice command and instantly the news was broadcasted throughout the speakers of the exotic car.
“Hey, look at that – the speakers on this old clunker still work.”
Alex shushed him. “I want to hear this.”
A small holographic image projected a news reporter in front of them. It was perfect timing since she was talking about the Doomsday Virus. The news station was running the piece on a continuous loop.
“The Doomsday Virus continues to wreak havoc on the entire planet’s population. According to compu-stat figures, the death toll has now reached over one million fatalities worldwide. As the death count continues to climb, many people believe this may be the end of humanity as we know it. Some people contend human beings are the virus and this is simply Mother Nature’s immune system fighting us off. So far there has been no official word on what’s causing this sudden epidemic.”
Alex watched and listened in shock. 
“We are now going live to the Leader’s compound where he is about to make a special announcement.”
The video feed switched over to a close up of the Leader. Alex and Milo were intently focused on what he was about to say. Alex looked at the Leader a little differently now. She studied his facial features, trying to spot a resemblance with her own.
“Citizens of Earth, my team of scientists have been working diligently to unravel this great mystery that has suddenly plagued the inhabitants of our planet. We believe we have found the answer. The gold dust in the atmosphere is depleting and allowing harmful radiation to flood the Earth once again. Many of us have never lived in a time when the skies were blue and therefore have not developed the adequate protection to negate the sun’s harmful effects. We therefore must get more gold to put in our atmosphere and restore the harmony of the planet. Fortunately, a large gold deposit has been discovered within our galaxy. The solution to our problem is within our reach, but we must act swiftly. I’ve put together a team of twenty-five individuals to embark on this important mission to save—”
“What a liar!” Alex said angrily as she cut the feed.
“So what do we do now?” Milo asked.
“We’re the only ones who know the truth, we must warn the people.”
“I suppose you have a plan for that?” Milo asked.
Without saying anything, Alex unravelled a silk scarf that was around her neck and wrapped it around her face.
“What are you doing? Are you going to rob somebody?”
“No, I’m going to broadcast a message.”
“Why don’t you want people to see your face?”
“For one, I’m a wanted felon; and two, I fear the repercussions. History has shown that people who speak out against governments tend to not live very long.”
Alex checked the mirror to ensure the veil was adequately disguising her face. She then held up the access pod and looked directly into it. 
“Record,” she commanded. A little red light appeared, along with a running timer.
“My name is…” she paused. There was no use for a disguise if she was just going to volunteer her name. As intelligent as she was, her lack of street smarts was beginning to show. Making videos was something she had little experience with and so she was a bit nervous.
“Alex, what’s wrong?”
“You know what,” she said as she peeled the scarf off her face. 
“What are you doing?”
“I don’t need this.”
“What about what you just said?” Milo asked, trying to talk some reason into her.
“Soon it won’t matter, Milo. Besides, I think the message coming from me will hold more weight.”
“Alright, I trust you.”
Alex quickly regained her composure, reset the recorder, and proceeded once again.
 “My name is Alex Gray, and I have made an important discovery regarding the so-called Doomsday Virus. The Leader advised this is not a virus, and he is correct. However, he stated the reason we are becoming sick and dying is due to the harmful effects of the sun, but that could not be further from the truth. The lack of gold isn’t the problem; it’s the abundance of gold. We are being poisoned by our own atmosphere and I’m afraid there isn’t much time.
“However, there is still hope. I have made the calculations and enough time has passed that the ozone has restored itself and will provide adequate protection against the sun's harmful rays. If we stay indoors where the air is filtered, we may be able to endure for a time until the gold particles dissipate. This will keep you and your loved ones safe until more can be learned about how to prevent the illness and reverse its harmful effects.”
Alex ended the transmission and then played the video back from the beginning.
“What do you think?” she asked.
“It’s good. It’s concise and informative. I’m proud of you.”

Chapter Thirty-Five
Once a prosperous continent for human beings, Africa was now entirely turned over to nature. The barren wastelands of the Serengeti were inhospitable for humans, but hosted an array of other life forms. In other areas, thick jungles continued to thrive. 
Discreetly nestled in between a natural valley formation in the dense forest rested the world’s largest and most expensive space exploration ship – the Pegasus. Located just a few hundred miles away from what was formerly known as the country of South Africa, the ship’s crew worked industriously to prepare for takeoff. 
 “There’s still room on this ship, sir,” Agent Archimedes said. “Perhaps we should allow some more people to board.”
“Nonsense, Archimedes. We’re about to embark on the greatest mission in the history of human civilization. Having more people will just drain our resources.”
“Yes, but like you said, this is the greatest mission in the history of humankind. We may need more people’s expertise along the way.”
“We would be yielding to the law of diminishing returns, Archimedes. At a certain point, having more people becomes a disutility. Whatever benefits they may offer will not outweigh the costs of having them.”
“But we will be the last survivors of the human species and may need more people to ensure a diverse preservation of our species. A limited bloodline cannot achieve that aim.”
“I have the genetic sequence codes of nearly six billion people, plus the best geneticists on the planet on board, I don’t think that will be a problem.”
“I just want to do what’s right and save as many people as possible.”
“The concept of right and wrong no longer exists, my friend. This planet is a wasteland and we cannot save everyone. Survival of the fittest says it’s every man, woman, and child for themselves. Fortunately, I am among the fittest, as are you. All I ask is that you refrain from confounding the details of this mission with your manufactured morality.”
Agent Archimedes remained quiet.
The crew was hand-selected by the Leader. He had compiled a group of individuals whom he deemed would give him the best chance of survival. Everyone on board had vast amounts of medical knowledge. Some were experts in astrophysics and mathematics, while others specialized in survival and combat. There truly was no weak link. Another marked characteristic among the crew was they all shared an undeniable loyalty to the Leader. In order for that to remain, none of them could know the real reason for the journey, none of them except Agent Archimedes – Maxim Morrison’s lead agent. 
Aside from the small group that was accompanying them on the mission, there were hundreds of others involved in the preparations. Maxim walked on to the lower level of the ship in the cargo bay to see if everything was in order before takeoff.
“Is everything I asked for on board?” the Leader asked a worker.
“Yes, sir,” the worker said.
The Leader had a checklist. Among the things on the list were hundreds of species of plants, a stockpile of over a million different types of seeds, a variety of animals, thousands of different kinds of bugs and healthy bacteria, a water purification system, a massive surplus of fresh water, an oxygen generator, a large supply of food, clothing, and medicine, and an assortment of weapons – enough to supply an army.
“You’re a modern day Noah, sir,” the worker commented.
“Noah was a fictional character,” Maxim Morrison said as he looked up and smiled. 
The lowly service man was standing face to face with the most powerful and important man on the planet, but Maxim’s charming smile made the worker feel comfortable and respected. 
“Forgive me for asking, sir?”
Maxim Morrison looked at the man, indicating that it was alright to proceed.
“May I ask why you’re bringing all these different life forms?” 
“It’s for the good of humankind,” the Leader said, dismissing the question with a vague answer.
“Have a safe and prosperous journey, sir.”
Maxim Morrison made his way through the cargo bay and into an elevator. The elevator ascended to the main deck, which housed the control room for the ship.
“What’s the status?” he asked.
“We’re doing a final systems check. We should be cleared to go shortly, sir.”

Chapter Thirty-Six
With his instructions clearly given, Aris pulled up near the magnificent compound, ditched his bike in some thick bushes, and proceeded the rest of the way on foot – roughly 200 metres. Although the bike was fairly quiet, he felt it was best to be as stealth as possible.
He approached the Leader’s compound from a ridge on the Northwest side. This gave him the clearest vantage point of the property. The enormous palace was located on the most pristine landscape he had ever seen. It was obvious a lot of time and energy was spent maintaining the grounds. The landscaping was impeccable with lush flowers and perfectly trimmed arborvitae trees.
He kept in constant contact with Milo, who was acting as Alex’s assistant while she undertook another mission.
“Okay, I’m at the edge of the property now. There’s an elaborate security system equipped with multiple heat sensing cameras, motion detectors, and an electricity pulse grid.”
“Anything else?”
“Yeah, there’s a large fence.”
“Alright, good luck with that, keep us updated,” Milo responded. Milo was happy Alex had chosen him to be her companion and had assigned Aris to crawl around in the mud. Aris had a different way of viewing the situation. From Aris’ perspective, Alex trusted him to be on his own and did not assign him to be her subordinate. Aris was utterly infatuated with Alex and was convinced he had a better shot to be with her than Milo. He had convinced himself that Alex viewed him as the hero and that was why she sent him on the important solo mission. He thought success in this task would surely impress her and prove he was the right man for her.
Aris was still stationed high atop a ridge that overlooked the entire compound. He peered through his vision-enhancer glasses, which reminded him of being in a video game, and focused on the compound below. As he settled into position, he kept a keen eye on everything. He was looking for any flaws in the security detail that he could exploit.
After a thorough surveillance, Aris became hungry. He reached into his bag, pulled out an energy bar, and began eating it. As he chewed, he resumed his reconnaissance. As Aris peered through his lenses, something odd struck him – there did not appear to be a single person in the compound. He decided to make his way closer to the house to further his investigation.
 He scaled down the embankment and inched his way toward the house. With each movement, something new came into his field of vision. His lenses automatically focused on the new objects and displayed a tiny message on the screen. It identified the species of plant, analyzed the moisture in the soil, and determined the distance between him and other objects. It also displayed wind, temperature, and GPS coordinates. He quickly disabled those features because they were becoming more of a distraction than anything else. 
He continued to inch forward.
Once he reached the perimeter of the property, he was close enough to hack into the security system and disable it. Within minutes, Aris bypassed the firewall, disabled the energy grid alarm, and rendered the cameras inoperable. He had one last defensive barrier to worry about – the fence – which definitely could not be hacked. In front of him was a twelve-foot high steel-barred fence.
There appeared to be a simple choice regarding the matter: go over, under, or through, but he had already planned it out. Going over seemed to be the most sensible and discreet option of the three. He took a couple looks around before reaching into his bag and pulling out several powerful magnets. He placed each magnet perpendicularly between the bars to create a makeshift ladder. Once in place, he simply climbed over the fence with ease. The razor-sharp barbed wire at the top posed another problem. To deal with that, he pulled out a pair of wire cutters and snipped the barbed wire off.
Aris climbed down the other side of the fence and remained in a crouched position. Although he could not see much, he listened intently. He thought he heard something coming from the Northeast side of the building so he quickly responded. He darted into a shadowed area and disappeared from sight. A moment passed and nothing happened. I must be hearing things, he thought while remaining quiet. After a while, he stood up, wiped his dirty hands on his pant legs, and walked cautiously toward the house.
He was astonished at the weak security. If someone was so inclined, they could sneak into the home of the world’s most powerful man, and assassinate him.
Aris approached the house and positioned himself next to one of the windows. With his back pressed up against the wall, he swivelled his torso around and peered into the house. He took a brief look around, then returned to his original position. His heart rate elevated and his palms became sweaty. He took a few deep breaths to calm himself before proceeding as planned.
He reached into his bag and took out a container. He wiped the sweat from his hands and opened it up. Inside the container was a transparent mud-like substance that he smeared across the window. It was one of the many things he had obtained from Mara and her camp. A few moments later, he took out another device, pressed it firmly against the glass, and activated a switch. A high-pitched frequency, inaudible to humans, rippled through the glass leaving a large spider-web fracture. The glass was held together by the clear viscous goo that had been applied to it. Aris gave a light tap with the meaty part of his fist and the glass fell out of place. He slowly lowered the portion of glass down to the ground.
Just as he was about to climb in the window, a pack of aggressively barking dogs came charging from out of nowhere. They had heard the high-pitched sound and were now looking to sink their teeth into the would-be intruder. With no time to spare, Aris quickly jumped in the window opening and wiggled through just in time to avoid the dogs nipping at his feet.

Chapter Thirty-Seven
The overall outlook was grim. Those who were fortunate enough to survive the Doomsday illness were either sick or mourning the loss of loved ones. Either way, the general attitude of hopelessness was predominant. Many people had stopped going to work to remain indoors with their family and friends, counting down the finals days until the world ended. This turned out to be a fortunate set of circumstances for Alex and Milo since many of the security guards had stopped showing up as well.
Milo and Alex were still hanging on, but their health was declining rapidly. Between the nose bleeds, lightheadedness, and coughing fits, they carried out their important mission. 
Being a resident and alumni, they both had access into the Facility. However, they did not have access to Level III. They entered through a back entrance and made their way through the labyrinth of seemingly endless hallways. If anyone was watching the security feed, they would have been spotted instantly. Fortunately, no one was.
They came across an equipment room and decided to help themselves to some items. Milo placed his thumb on the scanner box and the door slid open. Alex quickly ran in and knew exactly what she wanted. She grabbed a precision laser scanner and a portable nano-constructor.
With the devices in tow, they proceeded down a long hallway until they reached a staircase leading to the secure Level III.
Alex aimed the precision laser device at the scanner box and activated it. The laser scanned the oils left behind on the pad and created a digital read of the fingerprint. She then uploaded that data into the portable nano-constructor. Milo stood over Alex as she knelt on the ground pairing the two devices. Milo felt faint and began to wobble. He crouched down and braced himself against the wall. Soon after, his nose started to bleed. Alex handed him a cloth and asked him if he was okay. It was one more reminder that time was not a luxury they could afford.
“Hang in there, Milo. We’re almost done.”
When the nanobot constructor was ready, it processed the information from the laser device to produce a thin, transparent strip. Within seconds, the small object ejected from the printing dock, allowing Alex to place it over her finger. She was sure the technique would work since she and Milo had done it before.
With the artificial nanobot fingerprint fastened over her thumb, Alex pressed it against the scanner box. A green light scanned her thumb and then displayed the message, ‘Access Denied.’
“What?” Alex said in frustration. “This should have worked. Did they change the system?”
“I don’t know, try it again.”
Alex scanned her thumb one more time. Again, the same message appeared. She ripped the fake thumbprint off her thumb and tossed it on the ground.
“Now what do we do?” Milo asked.
Alex took a deep breath, looked at all her gadgets, and tried to think of something else.
 “There might be another way,” she said.
Alex took her multi-use tool and pried the fingerprint scanner off its mounting bracket. Once it was loose, she gave one final tug and yanked it off the wall.
“Here,” she said as she handed it to Milo.
“What do you want me to do with this?”
“I don’t care, keep it as a souvenir.”
In the place where the fingerprint scan pad used to be was an assortment of exposed wires. Alex rearranged the configuration of wires. She cut a red wire and a green wire and merged them together. As soon as the wires made contact with each other, the door split open, with both sides retracting into the wall.
“That was easy,” Milo said. “Why didn’t we just think of that in the first place?”
It was one of the byproducts of growing up in the high-tech world – people had a tendency to think of overly technical solutions to problems that came up. 
They entered the cement stairwell to the forbidden Level III. The cold air conditioning chilled the cement, making it feel like they had stepped into a large refrigerator. 
“Wow, it’s actually kind of nice in here,” Milo said.
“Don’t get too comfortable, we won’t be staying long.”
They descended one level to the Level III floor and had yet to see a single person. Nevertheless, they still exercised caution. Alex poked her head out of the stairwell and into the hallway. 
“All clear,” she informed. “Let’s move.” 
They ran down the hall and located the room that contained what they were looking for. Again, they were presented with another scanner box, but Alex made quick work of it and within seconds, the doors split open.
 They triggered the motion lights as soon as they entered and the room lit up, allowing them to see where they were going. The room was larger than Milo had expected. As for Alex, she had downloaded the floor plan so she knew what to expect.
Inside the room were many shelves displaying highly-complex and expensive machines, but they only came for one.
“Here it is,” Alex said as she walked up to the device.
“Are you sure this is it?”
“Yes, I’m sure.”
“How do you know?”
“Cause it says right here on the side of it.”
“Oh.”
“You know, when these first came out, they were the size of a small city. Now I can hold it in my hands,” she said admiring the complex beauty of the device.
“Stop right there!” a stern voice commanded from the doorway.
Alex was so startled that she nearly dropped the device. Had she done that, it would have been a terrible misfortune for the human race.
Both Alex and Milo slowly turned around and saw a uniformed security guard standing at the entrance. He was not the law-enforcing variety; he was a part of the Facility’s in-house security and was not nearly as intimidating.
“Finally!” Milo emphasized, “I paged you ten minutes ago. Someone broke into this room, we didn’t see who did it, but we reported it right away.”
The guard looked confused, but wasn’t convinced just yet.
“Luckily we came along or else someone could have stolen one of these valuable machines.” 
“Do you two have clearance to be down here?” the security guard asked. 
“Of course, do you not know who we are?” Milo said as he approached closer.
“Hold it right there. Don’t move.”
“I was just coming over so you could scan my identification chip.”
“Very well then, but move slowly,” the guard instructed nervously.
“Certainly,” Milo obliged. He walked closer and spun around to allow the guard to scan the chip implanted in the back of his neck. When the guard held up his scanner, Milo completed the revolution and clocked the guard in the mouth. The unexpected punch caught the security guard by surprise and knocked him unconscious.
“Milo, what did you do?” Alex said in shock.
“Oh sure, you break into a government Facility – twice – steal a priceless device and I’m the bad guy?”
“You didn’t have to hit him,” Alex protested.
“What would you have preferred I do?”
“How about trying to reason with him? Explain who we are and why we’re here. Come on, there’s a reason why we don’t use violence to solve our problems anymore, it’s barbaric.”
“Barbaric or not, it solved our problem.”
“It’s a temporary solution, which may end up causing greater harm in the long run.”
“Says the woman who gets into prison fights.”
“Well, that was different. I was acting in self-defense.”
“Are you going to lecture me, or are you going to help me stash this body?”
“You know, I never imagined you would ever ask me that.”
“Come on, grab his legs.”
“Never mind that, just leave him. We have what we came for, now let’s get out of here.”
They ran back to where they had come from. They entered the cold stairwell, ascended the cement steps, and ran toward the exit.
“Milo, that was kind of impressive what you did back there. Where’d you learn that?”
“I downloaded the Kung Fu app last week, just in case Aris gave me any more trouble.” 
Alex and Milo continued to run. They figured once they made it outside the Facility, they would be home free. As the last set of doors slid open, they discovered they were sadly mistaken.

Chapter Thirty-Eight
Aris passed through one of the living rooms and walked slowly into the adjoining room. All the lights in the house were off, but there was a glow from the digital paintings on the walls, which continuously cycled through a slideshow of classical art. 
He proceeded into a grand ballroom that had a large decorative rug stretched out across polished, white marble tiles. The ceiling extended high and had exposed wooden beams and a fancy crystal chandelier in the centre. It was the epitome of modern-day opulence and was truly spectacular. If Aris was not on an important mission, he would have liked to take his time looking through each room. 
It became quite clear that no one was at the compound – not a guardian, chef, groundskeeper, or maid was there. The place looked like it had been abandoned. After a brief investigation of the compound, Aris dictated the following message:
‘I’m at the house and there doesn’t appear to be anyone here. I have a strange feeling about this.’ 
On the top floor, overlooking an exquisite garden, was the Leader’s office. Aris entered the office, walked over to the desk, and sat in the plush leather chair. I can’t believe I’m sitting in the Leader’s office, Aris thought. It was a surreal experience for him.
A large picture hung on the wall behind the Leader’s desk. It was a portrait of a man who bore a striking resemblance to the Leader. The dapper man wore a suit and had the bone structure of a god. Below the handsome man was a placard affixed to the frame. Trevor Morrison, Aris read. Never heard of him.
Aris cracked his knuckles then proceeded to get to work. Although he hardly considered himself an expert hacker, he knew enough to enable him to bypass the password encryption. He first paired his access pod to the computer and with a simple hack was able to determine the most frequently used alphanumeric combination at the start of each session. The computer produced a jumble of letters and numbers, which appeared on Aris’ access pod: UY0P9LSO2M9. Aris stared at the scrambled mess and shook his head. He separated the numbers and instructed his access pod to rearrange the remaining letters into words. Seconds later, the results were displayed.
SLUMPY – SYLPUM – PULSMY – MYSLUP
The words that came back were gibberish. Aris abandoned that approach and reevaluated the configuration on his own.
“What am I missing?” he pondered.
He took another looked at the entire alphanumeric combination: UY0P9LSO2M9. After studying it carefully, he realized where he had gone wrong. He had accidentally omitted the letter ‘O’ as he had mistakenly identified it as a zero. He re-inputted the new data into his access pod and was relieved when the results populated. The first word on the list was OLYMPUS. Now all he needed to do was affix the numbers to the word in a logical order. Since there were only four numbers, the most logical arrangement would be a date of some sort. Aris wasn’t sure, but his best guess given the numbers was 2099.
Satisfied that he had the correct passkey, he proudly said, “OLYMPUS2099.”
The computer analyzed the voice command then said, “Voice recognition not found.”
Aris leaned back in the chair and ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. Then an idea came to him.
“Where have I heard that name before?” he pondered as the creaky wheels in his brain began to turn. “Find Maxim Morrison Olympus,” he commanded into his access pod.
“Searching global database for Maxim Morrison Olympus,” the soft voice spoke back. “Data found.”
Aris scanned the list of search results and discovered very quickly that Olympus was the name of the space program that the Leader spoke about at the Megaplex pyramid.
“That’s right,” Aris exclaimed. “Now I remember.”
“Pull up the audio from the 2117 State of the Union speech where Maxim Morrison mentions Olympus.”
Instantly, the part of the speech began to play.
‘In the year 2099, I had a vision to create a space exploration program that would seek out new planets, new resources, and possibly new life forms. Today, I am proud to announce the Olympus project, which will be the largest space station in the history of humankind. Space… is the final frontier!’
“Ha, what an idiot! This is too easy. Isolate ‘Olympus’ and ‘2099’ in that order and play it back,” he said.
‘Olympus2099’
Instantly the computer came to life. “Prepare for retina scan,” a monotonous voice said. 
“Dammit!” Aris said. Just when he thought he had outsmarted the Leader, there was another obstacle in his path.
Just then, a portion of the desk rose up and a mini-scanner emerged. “Well, it worked last time,” Aris said as he came up with another workaround.
“Find Maxim Morrison’s eye in the highest resolution,” he instructed.
Within seconds, a picture of the Leader’s eye came up on his access pod. 
“Holo-enhance image,” he said.
The two-dimensional image on the access pod’s screen transformed to a full-scale, holographic three-dimensional image. It was in perfect resolution as if the eye was floating in the room.
Aris steadied his arm and brought the eye closer to the scanner. Just before the scanner could obtain a proper reading, the hologram disappeared and his access pod burped up the message, “Battery low, powering down” right before it shut off.
“No!” he screamed in frustration.

Chapter Thirty-Nine
As Alex and Milo raced out of the Facility’s emergency exit, they stopped dead in their tracks. A swarm of guardians and security personnel was waiting for them. The guardians inched forward like a person trying to feed a squirrel. They knew any sudden movements would spook the marauders.
One of the guardians tried to mollify the situation by speaking to them. “Did you two really think you could break into a restricted area, assault a security guard, steal a very powerful and expensive piece of equipment, and just walk out of here?”
Milo shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and said, “Yeah.”
“You are both under arrest.”
There were at least a dozen guardians in front of them and Milo certainly was not going to use his Kung Fu on them. 
“Got any plans?” Milo whispered to Alex.
“Yeah, just one… run.”
Alex turned around and ran back inside the Facility. Milo was right behind her. 
“I don’t suppose you brought an extra invisibility cloak for me?” he joked.
“Come on, down here,” Alex instructed.
The two ran down several flights of stairs and ended up breaking off in separate directions. Fortunately for them, the Facility was a big place and since they had spent their whole lives there, they knew every inch of it. Trying to keep up with Alex and Milo would be difficult. 
Alex locked herself in a storage room, climbed up the shelf, and penetrated the ceiling. She could hear guardians stampeding past her as she remained perched in darkness above the storage room. She was somewhat relieved she was able to lose them; however, she still needed to escape with the device. 
She activated the flashlight on the access pod, which she still had from Milo, and it provided just enough light for her to see. With the entire floor plan committed to memory, she quickly devised the best route for escape. A network of pipes led her to a ventilation system, where she was able to crawl through. For over twenty metres, she shuffled along at a snail’s pace, trying to be as silent as possible. The metal of the vent crinkled under her weight, but she kept moving. As her knees dragged across the dusty vent, it irritated her sinuses. She felt a sneeze coming and knew there was nothing she could do to prevent it. A powerful sneeze blasted out of her nose and mouth echoing throughout the vent. A mixture of blood and mucous sprayed out, reminding Alex of her debilitating condition. Despite the loud sneeze, she was thankful that no one discovered her presence.  
Still feeling faint, she continued on until she found an exit to the ventilation shaft. She pushed the grate out, causing it to crash down on the floor below. It was much louder than she had anticipated and hoped no one heard it. She popped her head into the room and took a deep breath. It was not exactly fresh air, but it was much better than the stuffy air she had been inhaling in the confined space of the shaft. When she was convinced no one was coming, she gripped the edge of the vent opening and flipped her body out of the shaft. She hung for a second before dropping down in another miscellaneous storage room. 
The room was pitch-black; the only light was coming from the access pod on her forearm. She dusted herself off then made her way over to the door. With both hands, she pried the door open so just a sliver of light entered the room. As she peered out, she did not see or hear any guardians. 
She wondered if Milo was okay. Just as she thought that, there was a loud crash behind her. She was so startled that she nearly hit the ceiling. She quickly turned around and shone her light in the direction of the noise. The light lit up Milo’s face, causing him to squint.
“Milo, what are you doing here? You scared me half to death!” she said in an excited whisper; her heart was still pounding uncontrollably. 
“Oh hey, Alex,” he said clutching his knee.
“Let me guess, you downloaded a copy of the floor plan?” she asked.
“Yeah and you?”
“I already had it.”
“You picked a good room. You can see many different angles,” he said.
“I know, that’s why I picked it.”
“Same,” he winced, clearly in pain.
“Are you okay?”
“I’ll be fine. Evidently, I wasn’t as successful with the dismount as you were.”
“Don’t go injuring your legs, those come in handy in escapes.”
“Alex…”
“What is it?”
“Listen, I’m not feeling well, I think I might be dying.”
“Come on, don’t say that. You’ve just been breathing in that stuffy air. I felt the same way.”
“No, I’m serious. If I collapse on the floor, I want you to just leave me.”
“Alright.”
“Alright? That was quick, I was expecting at least of bit of resistance.”
“Milo, you’re talking nonsense and I just wanted to shut you up. We have an important mission ahead of us. Pull yourself together.”
“But if I do die, I want you to know how I feel about you.”
Milo hesitated a bit, but then just blurted it out, “I don’t know what’s going to happen to us, if the world is going to end or we all die from some crazy illness or we get arrested, but I just want to let you know that I love you.”
“That’s sweet, Milo, I love you too.” The words deflected off Alex as if she did not even hear them. It was not how he had pictured the conversation going, but he figured Alex was too focused on the task at hand to engage in such a meaningful conversation. As it was, her feelings toward Milo remained a mystery.
“Okay, I think we’re in the clear, let’s move,” Alex said.
Before Milo had a chance to respond, Alex was already halfway out the door. He quickly ran after her and met her at another exit.
“Ready to try this again?” she asked.
Milo nodded. 
The final set of doors slid open and this time, there were no guardians waiting for them.

Chapter Forty
Aris searched high and low for an access pod charging dock, but could not find one. While the device mostly obtained power from the sun, Aris had not seen the sun in over two days and it was not about to rise for another six hours. He had exhausted all options in the office and did not have time to search the entire mansion. 
What would Alex do? he asked himself. Alex would most likely think outside the box and not look for a technological solution. What is the non-technological solution in this instance? Aris thought while spinning around in his chair. His eyes fell upon the large portrait hanging behind the desk.
Aris rose from his chair and pulled the large-framed picture of Trevor Morrison off the wall. The resolution of the photo was so high, to him the resemblance was a perfect match. But there was a big difference in fooling him and fooling a retina scanner. It was time to find out. Aris held the picture up to the retina scanner and a thin blue beam of light scanned the surface of the image. Aris crossed his fingers as the computer analyzed the result.
“Retina match confirmed,” a voice said. He smirked as he admired his ingenuity. The next thing Aris was looking at was the home-screen of the Leader’s computer. 
Aris spoke some key phrases pertaining to the ship and within seconds, the computer populated a list of results. Aris was now staring at a hierarchy of glowing orbs – each one a file awaiting his selection. He reached out and chose the first orb on the list – a three-dimensional scaled version of the ship. As the hologram spun slowly, Aris marveled at the technological achievement. The design was a vast improvement from the preliminary sketches that Mara had. Using his hands, Aris disassembled the craft piece by piece. The ship had two massive cargo bay areas, an antigravity scrambler, two twin-turbo thrusters, several mini-exploration pods, two fully functional labs, and he had yet to explore the main deck. It was a very impressive craft to say the least – paid for by the citizens of Earth. He was also impressed at how the Leader was able to keep the construction of the craft under wraps for so long, especially with the ubiquity of information and communication available. Where would the Leader even hide something like this? he asked himself.
Out of the corner of his eye, Aris saw a section of the ship that intrigued him so he reached into the hologram and held the room in his hand.
“Isolate,” he instructed. The computer discarded the rest of the ship except for that one selected portion he was holding.
“Enhance,” he commanded again. The hologram expanded, allowing Aris to get a better look at it.
“Analyze.” 
A soft computer-generated voice began to disclose the specifics of the unfamiliar region of the craft. “Matter Transporter. Location: rear quadrant of the main hub.”
“Repeat,” Aris said before it had a chance to finish.
“Matter Transporter. Location….” the voice said again.
Aris was speechless. He had never heard of a fully operational matter transporter before; that was something out of science fiction.
Without interruption, the voice continued speaking in the background as Aris comprehended this discovery. “Last Transport: Maxim Morrison. Status: Successful.”
Aris sat there almost in a hypnotic trance as the glowing hologram slowly revolved. In theory, for a matter transporter to work, there would need to be two of them – a transmitter on one end and a receptor on the other end, he reasoned. Therefore, if the Leader transported himself to the ship, the transmitter was likely somewhere in this house. If I had to guess, it would be somewhere in this room.
“Locate matter transporter,” he said on a hunch.
Much to his surprise, a series of pneumatics released a soft hissing sound from across the room. Aris immediately looked over as a portion of the wall split apart, revealing a strange-looking contraption inside a small nook. He slowly approached the room and was in awe at what was inside – a tall, off-white cylindrical machine with smooth contours and glowing areas. 
Aris studied the machine with interest and then stepped fully inside. We’re all going to die someday, he thought. He stood there a moment contemplating what he was about to do. In his excitement, he had forgotten to notify the others of his discovery, though not that it mattered since his access pod was completely drained. 
“Transport to last coordinates,” he instructed with a slight hesitation.
He stood up straight and remained still as the machine powered up. What started off as a mild vibration continuously increased until it became a loud hum that rattled his bones. His ears popped and he was blinded by an intense light. Following that, he felt a burning sensation rip through his entire body as if he had swallowed an atomic bomb and it had detonated in his stomach. It was too late to scream. Every fibre of his being separated as the bright light consumed him. The machine howled loudly and with an intense jolt, it blasted him into another space and time.

Chapter Forty-One
After leaving the Facility with the device – a micro particle accelerator, Milo and Alex took refuge inside an abandoned warehouse. It was a perfect spot to hide because it was completely random and allowed them enough room to work on the proper modifications.
They started by dismantling the device completely. Within minutes, there were parts and gismos laid out all around them. To the untrained eye, it would appear to be a huge disorganized mess, but each component was thoroughly studied and catalogued in Alex and Milo’s minds. 
“You know, we haven’t heard from Aris in a while, maybe we should check in with him,” Alex suggested as she released the access pod from her arm and handed it to Milo.
“His status is offline,” Milo said.
“Try him anyway.”
 Milo stopped what he was doing and called Aris. Aris’ customized dial tone buzzed in Milo’s ear for a while until the voicemail kicked in.
“There’s no answer, should I leave a message?”
Without losing focus, Alex looked up and gave a quick nod.
“Hey, Aris, it’s us. We want an update so give us a call back.”
Alex began to reassemble the device, but in putting it back together, she added a few important modifications.
“Need any help?” Milo asked.
“No thanks, I’m fine.”
Alex was a whiz with electronics and had the entire project planned out in her head. She had taken apart, and was reassembling, a highly complex device that only a handful of people in the world understood. Even with the proper data downloads, the micro particle accelerator was still too complex for most people to comprehend. For the most part, Alex relied on her existing knowledge, but downloaded new data on occasion. However, what she was manufacturing had never been created before so most of the data she needed did not exist. 
“Milo, I need to affix your pod to the device. The good news is that if this doesn’t work, you won’t be needing it anyway.”
“And if it does?”
“I’ll get you a new one.”
“Sure, it’s all yours, but I don’t think there’s much battery left.”
“It’s okay, I can hook it up to the main power source.”
“Where’s the main power source?” he asked, studying the design.
“It doesn’t have one, yet. I intend for it to draw its power from the sun.”
Before she committed the pod to the device, she checked if Aris has responded to them. 
“Hey, there’s a message from Aris here. I’m not sure how we missed it,” she said.
“He’ll have to forgive us, we’ve been a little preoccupied.”
“This message is from over an hour ago.”
“What does it say?”
“It says: I’m at the house and there doesn’t appear to be anyone here. I have a strange feeling about this.”
“So if nobody’s there, why would he not be answering?” Milo asked.
“I’m not sure.”
“Maybe he fell down some stairs.”
“I’ll try him again,” she said.
The call went through, but just like the other times, there was no answer. She didn’t want to admit it, but it was not a good sign. 
“He’s probably just busy with something or his pod ran out of power,” Milo said.
“Yeah, you’re probably right. We’ll just have to proceed without him.”
“How’s the device coming along?”
“I just need to calibrate the sync pins so the bismuth 209 particles bombard the alpha particles to create astatine 211.”
“What’s astatine, I’ve never even heard of that?”
“It’s an extremely rare radioactive element – its name derives from the Greek word astatos, which means unstable.”
“Great, what are we doing with it?”
“Don’t worry, the process hasn’t begun yet, but when it does, the instability will be a good thing. Since it only has a half-life of about eight hours it will—” she paused mid-sentence. “On second thought, I don’t have time to explain it. You’ll just have to trust me.”
“I trust you,” Milo said sincerely. “So is it ready?” 
“I think so. Of course, there’s no way to really know for sure without testing it.”
“Should we test it?”
“Not yet. First, we have to make sure Aris is okay.”

Chapter Forty-Two
Aris opened his eyes and was relieved he had made it to the other side in one piece. He slowly stepped out of the matter transporter, checked his pulse for any irregularities that may have occurred during the transportation, and made sure no one was coming after him. Everything seemed to be normal and as far as he could tell, his presence was unknown. 
His mind was a little foggy at first as he was still collecting his thoughts, but after a few deep breaths, he re-established his mission objectives.
He knew the ship was enormous despite only having looked at a smaller scale of it for a brief moment. Based on his memory of the 3D schematics, he was able to recall enough of the layout to orient himself. He left the matter transporter room and began to explore the craft. 
The lack of personnel struck him as odd. He figured there would be dozens of maintenance crew workers or scientists walking around, but there was no one. It was reminiscent of the Leader’s palace.
Nearly every fifty metres was an elevator and a stairwell. As much as he would have liked to take the elevator, he did not want to risk what could be waiting on the other side when the elevator doors eventually opened. He also did not want to take the stairs because there would be no place to hide once inside the stairwell, but the stairs seemed to be the better option of the two. 
 “Sir, our security system has detected recent activity with the matter transporter,” Agent Archimedes said.
“Did you check the video feed?”
“It has been disabled, sir.”
“Have we been breached?”
“That has yet to be confirmed, sir.”
“Then confirm it.”
“Yes, sir. I will get to the bottom of this immediately.”
Aris descended down several flights of stairs and aimlessly walked down a lengthy corridor, inspecting rooms along the way. He passed by a few people, but he kept his head up and walked with confidence as if he belonged there, and no one bothered him. 
Once at the end of the corridor, he came across a cargo area. He felt snooping around the cargo area would provide him more insight about the mission. Plus, he felt like it would be the last place he would encounter any personnel so he would be left to his own devices.
Aris placed his hand on the scanner box and the door slid open. When the doors opened, they revealed a warehouse-sized room that contained several large marine tanks. Aris walked slowly throughout the room and peered into the various vats of water. Inside the different tanks were brightly-coloured tropical fish, large squid, dolphins, and some other species that he could not identify.
“What the heck is this place?” he muttered to himself.
Suddenly, Aris felt someone grab him by the back of the neck and lift him off the ground. He was startled and tried to squirm, but Agent Archimedes’ powerful hands gripped tighter, constricting his air passage. Aris’ feet desperately searched for footing as they dangled in midair. When Aris’ face started turning purple, Agent Archimedes decided to let him go. Aris dropped to the floor gasping for breath. Once on the floor, he rolled under one of the large aquatic tanks. This maneuver did not please Agent Archimedes as he was too large to fit underneath the tank. The agent hurried around to the other side, but Aris was nowhere in sight.
Aris was in full stealth mode as if it were a real-life video game. Competing against the best guardian in the world provided a unique opportunity to test his wits. As a master gamer and strategist, Aris was up for the challenge. 
The agent made a few laps around the room before cutting off the exit. He placed his hand on the digital panel, shutting the door and sealing them in. Aris peeked from behind one of the tanks and saw what the agent was up to.
Agent Archimedes turned around, forcing Aris to take cover behind the large tank. Without a visual, Aris relied on his other senses. Amidst the occasional squawks and splashes of the marine animals, Aris could hear the sounds of Archimedes’ footsteps as he crept around the tanks. Aris took a deep breath before he made his move. As the agent’s footsteps came nearer, Aris scurried in the opposite direction.
Archimedes caught on to how Aris was evading him so he took off his access pod, placed it next to one of the containers, and cranked up some music. He then took off his shoes and crept around the large aquarium. Aris was wise to the tactic and figured the best defence would be to get as close to the music as possible since the agent would likely be making his way out from that point.
Aris crouched down low to peer under the tanks. Luckily he caught a glimpse of the agent’s movements as he navigated the room. As Archimedes moved, Aris relocated his position. Eventually they were on opposite sides of the aquarium. Aris was now standing by the agent’s shoes and access pod, and Archimedes was standing thirty feet away. 
Aris picked up the access pod, affixed it to his wrist, and then tossed the agent’s shoes in one of the large squid tanks. Archimedes heard the splash and began running in that direction. Aris made a mad dash for the door. Without bothering to reduce his speed, he slammed into the door and frantically placed his trembling hand against the scanner box. The door slid open and Aris bolted out of sight.

Chapter Forty-Three
After driving just a short distance, he was hooked. Despite his initial embarrassment of being in such a primitive car, he could not recall a time when he had more fun. On the dashboard was a glowing blue button, so Milo pushed it. Instantly, the car’s roof retracted and folded into the trunk.
“Wow, did you see that?” he shouted with excitement. With the top down and the wind blowing in his hair, his excitement reached new levels. Alex looked over at him and saw how much fun he was having. His joy brought a smile to her face.
As the nearly hundred-year-old sports car raced through the city, it attracted some unwanted attention. Several guardian vehicles spotted the rare car going over 200 miles per hour, but none of them bothered to pursue. Alex and Milo left the city and headed toward the Leader’s compound.
The GPS notified them when they were getting close.
Their headlights reflected off a metallic object in the distance. As they came closer, they noticed it was Aris’ bike stashed in the bushes.
“Let’s pull over here,” Alex suggested.
 Milo reduced his speed and brought the vehicle to a stop on the side of the road. They made no attempts to hide it. Just like Aris, they continued the rest of the way on foot and eventually arrived at the same ridge where Aris had stopped a few hours earlier. 
Alex looked down and noticed a wrapper from an energy bar on the ground. She picked up the wrapper and put it in her pocket.
“What are you doing?” Milo asked.
“Picking up litter.”
“That should be the least of your concerns right now.”
Milo peered through his night-vision lenses and observed the Leader’s compound.
“See anything?” Alex asked.
“Yeah, I see where Aris entered the house through a window. He said nobody was around and I think he was right. I don’t see any activity. Let’s head down there for a closer look.”
As they made their way to the fence, they found the spot where Aris had climbed over. Milo went first then waited for Alex to pass the device. She climbed up to the top rung and carefully handed it to Milo, who was standing on alternate rungs of the makeshift ladder. 
“You have it?” she asked.
“Yeah, I’ve got it, come on over.”
Alex was about to make the final step over to the other side when she stopped. She had a look on her face that caused Milo to worry.
“Alex, what’s wrong?” Milo asked, as he turned around to see what she was looking at. Milo was about to break into a full sprint when he saw the dogs running right for him. He quickly realized outrunning the pack of hungry dogs was unlikely, so he decided the only logical thing to do was climb back over the fence. However, as he turned toward the fence, Alex was climbing down, blocking the path.
“What are you doing?” he asked in a panic.
“I didn’t come all this way to be scared off by some dogs. Don’t worry, we can handle this.”
The dogs were now surrounding Milo and Alex, snarling fiercely and showing their glistening teeth. Alex was concentrating intently on the lead dog almost as if she was trying to talk to it with her mind. Her gaze never broke and her body language displayed confidence. After a moment, the dog suddenly became docile and started wagging his tail. He approached Alex and sniffed her hands as he circled around her. She remained calm and allowed the dog to get acquainted with her before she reached out and petted the dog on his head.
“How did you do that?” Milo asked in amazement.
“Do what?” she replied dismissively.
“You just turned a pack of ravenously snarling dogs into some submissive house pets.”
“I just used my Jedi mind trick on them.”
“What’s a Jedi?”
“Never mind. I just believed I could do it.”
“That’s a strong belief system you have. Why don’t you believe you can fly us out of here?” 
“It’s going to be okay, let him smell you,” she instructed.
Milo allowed the dogs to get acquainted with him before he felt confident enough to pet them. The dogs cautiously circled Milo, sniffing him in different areas.
“The key is to not be afraid.”
“That’s a lot easier said than done.”
“Have confidence and show them you’re the Alpha.”
“It’s hard when I feel more like the Omega.”
“It’s okay, they know we’re not here to hurt them. We can proceed.”
Milo and Alex made their way to the house. The dogs followed behind, wagging their tails. When they arrived at the window where Aris made his point of entry, Milo gave Alex a boost inside, and then climbed in after her.
“It’s weird to think this is your dad’s house. Imagine being able to spend the weekends here?”
“Perhaps in another lifetime,” she responded.
They made their way through the house and eventually arrived at the Leader’s office. When they walked inside, they noticed a strange glowing contraption rotating above the desk.
“What the heck is that thing?” Milo asked.
“I’m not sure.”
Alex instructed the computer to analyse the data. 
A soft voice began to speak. “Matter Transporter – Location: rear quadrant of the main hub – Last Transport: Aris Anderson – Status: Successful.”
Alex and Milo were stunned at what they just heard.
“Did Aris really transport himself?” Milo asked.
“It sounds like it,” Alex replied, equally astonished.
“I didn’t know that was even possible.”
“Anything’s possible. Now let’s figure out how he did it.”
They both slowly walked over to the nook in the wall and were captivated by the elegance of the matter transporter.
Alex stepped inside.
“Here, hand me the device,” she said.
“Alex, what are you doing?”
“I’m saving the world, remember?”
“I’m coming with you,” Milo said as he stepped inside the phone-booth sized transporter.
“No, it’s too dangerous. I need to do this on my own.”
Milo was now face to face with Alex. He hesitated for a second and then planted a big kiss on her lips. She was taken aback, but did not resist. When they eventually separated, Alex took the device from Milo’s clutch.
“Don’t worry, we’ll see each other again,” she said.
With that, Milo stepped back and wondered if her words were true. He watched on as Alex gave the command to transport herself to the last known coordinates. The transporter powered up until it reached an intensity unlike anything either of them had experienced. At the height of the surge, a bright light radiated from the machine, causing Milo to turn away. The entire room became white and then the machine emitted one spectacular burst of energy.
As the machine powered down, the light gradually dimmed and Milo regained his vision. By the time he turned around, Alex was gone. He walked up to the transporter and contemplated going after her, but decided not to. With great sadness, Milo’s chin quivered as he tried to hold back his emotions.
“Farewell my love.”

Chapter Forty-Four
Alex emerged on the other side intact. She stumbled out of the machine feeling weak and lightheaded. Her body felt like it had been ripped apart and then reassembled.
It took a moment for her to collect her thoughts and stand firmly on her legs. After a few deep breaths, she felt much better, and was ready to proceed.
Her only familiarity with the ship’s layout was from a twenty-year-old schematic. She hoped the design had not changed much, but figured it would have. As she peered outside the room that housed the matter transporter, she saw Aris sprinting down the corridor toward her. They made eye contact and Aris had a look of bewilderment on his face; he certainly was not expecting to see Alex.
“Alex!” he said, out of breath.
“Aris, are you okay?”
“Quick, in here. We have to hide.”
“What’s going on?” she asked. “Who or what are you running from?”
“I had an encounter with a really large guardian. He’s still after me,” he said as he looked over his shoulder.
“When did you get here?” he asked.
“About thirty seconds ago,” she replied. “Did you find anything out?”
“I explored the ship a little and discovered some interesting things in the bowels. For some strange reason, they’re bringing samples of marine life in these giant water tanks. And it’s not just tiny fish either, they have dolphins, tuna, sharks…”
“Sharks?”
“Well, I didn’t actually see any sharks, but it wouldn’t surprise me. They had a ton of aquatic creatures down there. They’re most likely going to use them to repopulate their new destination.”
“Do you have an idea where that might be?”
“No, but my guess is that they’re going to Mars. It’s the only other place that has a sustainable infrastructure.”
“Aris, you did good work, but you should get out of here.”
“No, I don’t want to leave you.”
“Your portion of the mission is complete, now it’s my turn.”
Aris reluctantly conceded, but before he stepped back into the transporter, he handed Alex the agent’s access pod. 
“Here, you might need this,” he said.
“Thanks.”
Alex set aside the device and they exchanged one final hug before Aris stepped back into the transporter. She watched Aris for as long as she could until the light became too bright and forced her to turn away. As the sound increased, so did the light. Then in a flash, Aris was gone.
Alex attempted to turn around, but was unable to. She had inexplicably lost control of her motor function and was about to collapse to the floor. Just as she was about to fall over, Agent Archimedes caught her and slung her over his powerful shoulder. Alex’s head dangled upside down as she helplessly watched the ground pass by her. 
“Your apparent unwillingness to play by the rules will get you into trouble, Ms. Gray.”
Archimedes brought Alex to the control room on the main deck of the ship and plopped her down on the ground. By now, the effects of the immobilizer were wearing off and Alex tried to stand on her wobbly legs.
When Alex looked up, she realized she was standing in front of Maxim Morrison. She could not help but be in awe of the man. The Leader studied her for a moment and then said, “Hello, Alexandra.”
“You know my name?”
“Of course I know the name of my own daughter. I’m so glad you’re here.”
“Somehow I doubt that.”
“You may not believe this, but you were always intended to be on this voyage with me, and in a serendipitous twist of fate, here you are with me.”
“I know all about your plan, and how you experimented on me so that I would be a part of your little space odyssey.”
“I’m not sure what you’ve been told, but I want you to judge for yourself. I’m not a bad guy. Will you allow me that opportunity?”
Alex did not say a word as she contemplated his offer. 
“Look, I understand you have a lot of questions for me and I’m happy to answer all of them, but all I ask is that you just spend a little time with me, please.”
“Given where I am, I don’t really have much of a choice do I?”
Maxim extended his arms and gave Alex a hug. For the first time ever, he felt what it was like to hold his daughter. Alex similarly shared that unique experience. She found a strange comfort being with her dad after all these years, even if she harboured strong resentment toward him. It was certainly overwhelming for her to meet both her mother and her father within such a short amount of time. Maybe it was exactly as Maxim had put it – a serendipitous twist of fate had brought them together. It was almost as if the universe had plans for her that were beyond her control. 

Chapter Forty-Five
To breach the atmosphere, the craft used antigravity scramblers to minimize Earth’s strong gravitational pull, while two large thrusters propelled the craft skyward.
Alex remained strapped in her seat behind her dad.
“Are you doing alright, Alex?” Maxim’s voice echoed through Alex’s headphones.
“Yes, I’m fine.”
The loud rumble of the twin turbo thrusters engaged and lifted the ship off the ground. Alex looked out the window and saw the trees and mountains become tiny little objects in the distance. It was the first time Alex had been up so high. Despite the monumental burden that was resting on her shoulders, she was actually excited. 
 Alex gripped onto her seat harness and gritted her teeth as the g-force caused her discomfort. The craft soared beyond the clouds and continued to rocket upward. Eventually, the golden atmosphere dissipated and seamlessly merged with the blackness of space. As they pushed through the stratosphere, Alex had the most spectacular view of the golden planet. She held her gaze to capture the moment in her mind forever. Once past the ionosphere, the main thrusters shut off, leaving an audible void in her ears as the ship floated blissfully. Looking down on the entire planet, everything appeared so small. In the grand scope of the universe, any trivial differences people had on Earth suddenly seemed so insignificant.
As the ship rotated, the view from the window was replaced by the star-clustered Milky Way. The gleaming clusters of sparkling stars littered the dark canvas like a snapshot of a fireworks display. It gave her a new perspective of the vast expanse of the universe. Every few seconds, a shooting star streaked across her window as if the void universe was bristling with life. 
She reluctantly brought her attention back inside for a moment to look at her dad. He had an expression on his face of pure joy as it was undoubtedly his first experience in space as well. To see the inner child come out of a man who was arguably the most powerful person in human history was perhaps just as beautiful. He quickly turned his gaze inside and looked at Alex and smiled. They shared a brief moment together inside the dark cockpit that no words could adequately describe. For those few seconds, Alex felt like a kid on an adventure with her dad. All the problems of the world and the issues with her father no longer seemed relevant.
The shimmering gold planet was still in their peripheries, luminously spinning in its celestial orbit. Maxim stole one last glance out the window before returning to the controls. After performing a systems check, he engaged the auxiliary thrusters, propelling the massive ship through the dark matter. Alex watched as her beloved home, along with everyone she knew and loved, became increasingly distant. 
“You may undo your harnesses now, Alex,” Maxim said. 
Alex followed her father’s advice and unbuckled herself from the chair. After fidgeting with the straps, they finally came loose. She made brief eye contact with Agent Archimedes, then turned away. His suspicious glare made her feel uncomfortable as he always seemed to have a watchful eye on her. Alex clearly had an alternative agenda for being onboard the Pegasus, and it would not take a genius to figure that out. Agent Archimedes was the Leader’s right-hand person for a reason – his superior genetics was the prototype for many of the guardian clones. He was not a clone himself, but had several genetic modifications to make him a more advanced agent. Even with his genetic prowess, he was not as intelligent as Alex. Nevertheless, he knew there was more to her being onboard than she was letting on.
Once in space, the gravity scramblers converted into enablers and mimicked what it was like on Earth. The enablers worked well, but they were not exact. Trying to walk around felt a little strange at first, but at least it performed a necessary function for any prolonged voyage into space. If the body is weightless for too long, the lack of resistance eventually causes muscles and bones to deteriorate. In addition, they had purified oxygen circulating through the vents. Even after being on the ship for a few short hours, everyone felt better than they had in weeks.
“Is it okay if I go see the animals?” Alex asked.
“Sure, make yourself at home,” Maxim said, trying to make up for all the years he had not been there for her.
As she was about to leave, Agent Archimedes offered to accompany her. Alex immediately dismissed the idea.
“Actually, that’s not a bad idea,” Maxim said. “Why don’t we all take a tour together, I will show you around and introduce you to everyone.”
Maxim led the way, taking her on a tour of the ship. Alex was eager to see what new and exciting things would be revealed behind each door. It reminded her of the tour Mara had provided a week prior, although vastly different.
The tour was like any other – a detailed description was given for every room along with introductions to each of the crew members. Everyone was very pleased to meet Alex in person as most of them had heard of her before. They were even more in awe to learn that she was the long-lost daughter of the great Leader. With the two together side by side, the resemblance was unmistakable. 
With her charm, good looks, and endearing story, she found a place in the hearts of the crew immediately. She had everyone convinced she was just there to be with her father and they knew nothing of her alternative plans. Agent Archimedes was the only exception to this. In fact, he was the only one who had seen the video of her blow the whistle on their operation, but opted not to mention it for the time being since he was not sure how the Leader would react to such news. Instead, he chose to wait and keep an eye on Alex to see what she was up to. After all, she seemed harmless and it was not obvious how a teenager could thwart such a comprehensive mission with nothing but her mind, no matter how brilliant that mind was. It occurred to him briefly that maybe she really was just there because she missed her dad.
The tour continued, taking up over two hours. The whole time Alex was nervous about what would be revealed once they arrived at the matter transporter room. Laying on the floor right in plain view was a strange looking device that would surely pique the interest of anyone who happened to stumble upon it. She played out the scenario in her head and contrived a story for what she would say if it was discovered. But when that moment finally came, she abandoned her story and opted for a preventative measure rather than a cure. 
“Over here is our matter transporter,” Maxim said proudly, “but I’m sure you’re already familiar with this room.”
Before anybody looked in the room, Alex flopped on the ground releasing an obviously manufactured dying moan.
“Oh my goodness, Alex are you okay?” Maxim said as he rushed to her.
Agent Archimedes was not buying the performance. He looked down at Alex and the Leader, then asked himself, why would she fake a collapse right before the transporter room?
When no one was looking, he took a couple steps forward and peeked inside.

Chapter Forty-Six
Alex was carried to a nearby medical lab onboard the ship. When she was placed on the table, she pretended to suddenly become conscious again.
“What happened? Where am I?” she mumbled.
“You’re onboard the Pegasus. You blacked out for a moment, but you’re safe. Stay here and rest, I’ll have our medical team inspect you,” Maxim said.
“Sir, if I could have a moment of your time please.”
Maxim kissed Alex on the head then exited the room with Agent Archimedes. They walked down the corridor and entered a room to keep Alex out of earshot.
“What is it Archimedes?”
“Sir, I’m not sure you want to hear this news, but I feel that I am duty bound to tell you.”
“Tell me what?”
“If you follow the facts, it will lead to the obvious conclusion that your daughter has ulterior motives for being onboard this vessel.”
“What are you talking about?”
“First, she breaches a restricted government database. I catch her and send her to prison. Once in prison, she meets her estranged mother after not seeing her for 18 years and together they orchestrate a hostile escape. They go underground and the next time she pops up, she releases a video exposing the truth about the Doomsday illness. She then breaks into the Facility and steals some kind of device, then breaks into your secured compound, and winds up on the Pegasus.”
“Archimedes, I’m the Leader of the New World, give me a little more credit than that. I know she did all those things.”
“Did you also know that she brought that strange device onboard the Pegasus?”
“No, but she’s just a teenager, what could she possibly do?”
“I wouldn’t underestimate her, sir. She has exceptional abilities that far exceed the average human.”
“So do I. Look, I’m not too worried about her. I was the one who gave her those gifts, remember? I’m also the one who has been keeping an eye on her for her entire life so I’m well aware of what she’s capable of. You don’t have to worry, I have everything under control.”
“Well then, we should keep an eye on her at all times just to be careful.”
“Tell me more about this device that she has.”
“She doesn’t have it with her, she left it in the transporter room. I thought it was a little peculiar how she was fine up until we came up on the transporter room, then just as we were about to enter, she happens to collapse on the floor. I was programmed to recognize these acts of deception. When I looked inside the room, that’s when I discovered the device. I’m unfamiliar with its function and when I scanned it, there were no records of it in the global knowledge database.”
“So what do you think it is?”
“I’m not sure, but whatever it is, it can’t be good. I think you should see for yourself.”
The two of them walked back to the transporter room, but when they arrived, the device was no longer there.
“It was here a minute ago, sir. She must have moved it.”
“Agent Archimedes, are you sure you are feeling okay? Maybe you should lie down.”
“I’m fine. I’m telling you it was here.”
Agent Archimedes stormed out of the room and with a hurried pace headed toward the medical lab where Alex was last seen. Maxim Morrison followed closely behind. When they arrived at the lab, Alex was no longer there.
“Still think you have everything under control?” Archimedes asked, but Maxim did not answer.
 Instinctively, Agent Archimedes looked at his arm in order to access the security feed on his access pod, but forgot it had been stolen earlier. He then ran back to the main control room to watch the security monitors and notify everyone on board of Alex’s agenda. 
When he arrived at the main control room, he noticed something strange on the security monitors. He saw himself running down one of the corridors.
“Computer, disclose the date and time of the feed,” he instructed.
The computer announced the date and time and he knew right away what was going on.
“Sir, she hacked into the feed.”
“We don’t know that,” Maxim responded.
“Sure, it was someone else on the ship who has knowledge of computer hacking, has a personal vendetta against you, brought a strange device on board, and created an act of subterfuge to disappear with it.”
“You’ve made your point, Archimedes. Let’s notify the others of her apparent disloyalty.”

Chapter Forty-Seven
The Pegasus was equipped with just about everything needed for survival. Among the amenities were several small exploration pods – small crafts intended for crews of four to leave the mothership for various missions. 
Alex raced through the large corridors of the ship, carrying the modified particle accelerator. It was heavy, but she had enough physical strength to handle the task. Along the way, she passed several onboard personnel, but none of them suspected her of doing anything nefarious. At the end of a long corridor was a sign displaying what she had been looking for. Based on the schematics she had committed to memory, it was right where it was supposed to be. She approached the heavy door marked EXPLORATION-POD DOCKING BAY.
The door slid open to reveal a massive hangar, housing several mini pods. There were a dozen to choose from, but Alex moved toward the first one on the right. The gullwing door was already open, allowing her to place the device inside the craft.
Behind her was a hissing sound created by the entrance door as it slid open. Her heart pounded with fear as she quickly turned around.
Archimedes and Maxim Morrison marched toward her.
“Hold it right there,” Alex threatened. The two men did not want to underestimate what Alex was capable of, so they obliged.
“You don’t want to do this, Alex,” Maxim said, as he inched forward. “We know what you’re up to. Please don’t do it, you do not realize the full scope of your actions.”
“You’re going to lecture me on actions?” Alex scoffed. “Your actions throughout your life have been dismal at best. You experimented on your unborn child, abandoned your family, left the mother of your child to suffer in prison, and lied to the people about one of the greatest catastrophes in modern history. Instead of performing the necessary actions, you ran away like a selfish coward, leaving your people to die.”
“Alex, trust me, you are very confused right now and not thinking clearly. I’m not too sure what crowd you’ve been associating with, but they have contaminated your thoughts with misinformation.”
“Enlighten me then.”
“Listen, I know all about your plan, that little device you have.”
“You don’t have the mental capacity to even remotely understand this device.”
“We know it’s very dangerous. All I’m asking is that you give it to us before you hurt yourself and others.”
Agent Archimedes took another step closer. This time, he subtly reached for his immobilizer baton that was attached to his hip, but it was not there. 
“Looking for this,” she said, as she held up the baton. “I removed it from your belt when you were carrying me to the lab. I thought it might come in handy.”
“Alex, my dear…” Maxim spoke again. His only weapon was his words, his cunning and compelling words that had propelled him to the upper echelon of world leadership. “You know not what you do.”
“Oh great, a bible quote this time, do you have anything original to say or do you just like ripping people off?”
Maxim looked somewhat embarrassed. He was not used to hearing people speak to him like that, but he also never had a teenaged daughter in his life before.
 “Whatever you’re attempting to do is noble, and I admire that, but you are young and lack the wisdom of life experience.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard that speech before,” she said as she recalled what Agent Archimedes said to her. “Yet here I am. I outsmarted both of you and I’m only eighteen. Either life experience is overrated, or I have an adequate amount.”
“Why didn’t you just come to me? I am a very powerful man with lots of resources,” he said as he inched forward.
 “Correction, you were a powerful man. Now the only resources you have are on board this ship.”
“No, you are mistaken. Everything I have said is true. I am going on an important mission to rid the planet of its plague.”
“The only plague you’ve rid the planet from is your tyranny.”
“Look, Alex, you have trust issues, I get that, but you are with me now. Please let me in,” he said as he took another step. 
“I would like so much to believe you right now, I really would, but I can’t take that chance. Too many lives are depending on me,” Alex said.
By now Maxim Morrison and Agent Archimedes were both near enough to make their move. As soon as Agent Archimedes lunged forward, Alex blasted him with the immobilizer baton, causing his body to stiffen up and collapse onto the floor. Maxim Morrison stood frozen, even though Alex had yet to blast him. 
“Don’t make me use this on you too,” she threatened. “Now, get back.”
Maxim followed her instructions and slowly backed up toward the door. When he reached the door, it slid open and two ten-foot tall RT 2100s stepped into the room with their guns drawn. As they maneuvered into position, their mechanical limbs made pneumatic sounds and their heavy steps clinked on the metal floor.
“Alex, we can talk about this, or—”
“Or what? You’re going to kill me? Something tells me you don’t have the courage to do that. The time for talking is done, now it’s time for action. I’m going to do what you could not. I’m going to save the planet.”
As Alex boarded the exploration pod, Agent Archimedes struggled to lift his arm. His weak grip wrapped around Alex’s ankle, but she yanked it free with ease and stepped in the pod. Once inside, the gullwing door clamped shut, sealing her in. She gave her dad one last look from the window, and then waved goodbye.

Chapter Forty-Eight
The escape hatch opened, revealing the vast abyss of the universe. Alex did her best to get acquainted with the controls, but had no idea how to operate them. As was the case with many modern devices, Alex suspected it may be voice activated.
“Go,” she instructed, but nothing happened. “Move – power up – start.” She tried all sorts of commands, but nothing seemed to work. Most voice commands were programmed to be very logical. Maybe there’s a release mechanism somewhere here, she thought. As soon as the thought entered her mind she looked up confidently and said, “Release.”
The small craft dislodged from the mothership and drifted aimlessly into space. Like a little honey bee leaving the hive, Alex was sent adrift into the darkness. Her nerves almost incapacitated her, but she summoned the courage to keep it together. She took several deep breaths before giving her next command.
“Activate thrusters,” she said. The pod’s twin thrusters engaged, causing the pod to jolt forward. 
“Destination – Earth,” she said gripping tightly onto her seat. The thrusters kicked into hyper-drive and accelerated away from the mothership. 
Despite its size, the mini exploration pod had a lot of power. It rocketed toward Earth at a blinding speed. When she became closer to Earth, Alex unfastened herself from her seat and climbed to the rear of the craft. She attempted to activate the access pod, but was having difficulty. It appeared as though Milo’s access pod had run out of power. 
“Come on you stupid thing,” she said as she unhinged it from the particle accelerator. She looked around for some other timer mechanism, but could not find one. With frustration mounting, she looked down at her wrist and discovered the access pod Aris had given her. A smile came across her face as she immediately took off the pod and attached it to the device. 
After triple-checking all the connections to ensure the device would work properly, she placed the device in the release hatch of the craft and returned to her seat. The first timer activated the device, but before it was fully enabled, Alex needed to get very far away from it.
“Open release hatch,” she said. 
The small hatch sealed off from the rest of the ship in order to preserve the pressure and prevent contamination from the outside. Then, the device ejected safely behind her as the timer counted down. If Alex’s calculations were correct, she would be far enough away from it before the timer reached zero and activated the device.
Alex continued to accelerate toward Earth. Her feelings about Earth’s beauty were replaced by more important thoughts such as how she would safely land the craft. She considered it a reckless mission and was prepared to sacrifice herself for the greater good. An alarm sounded as she breached the ionosphere. She looked around the cockpit and saw a series of lights and switches, but did not know what any of them meant.
“Analysis,” she said in a frantic voice.
“Entering Earth’s atmosphere,” a voice said. ”Preparing for auto-deceleration.”
The craft rocketed toward Earth at over 1,000 kilometres per hour. Just then, something hit the pod, causing a loud crash. Alex rattled violently in her seat as one of the thrusters had clipped a nearby satellite and smashed it to bits. Lights and buzzers sounded, elevating the chaotic tone in the cockpit. A long streak of smoke trailed behind her as she whizzed across the sky at mind-warping speeds. 
With only one thruster, there was not enough power to adequately reduce the speed of the runaway pod. The remaining main thruster reversed its position and did what it could to counteract the tremendous speed the craft had generated upon re-entry as the auxiliary thrusters attempted to keep the craft stable. Even with the auxiliary thrusters in effect, the craft still tilted heavily to one side and slowly began to spiral toward Earth.
It was at this time that the timer on the particle accelerator counted down to zero. The dielectric oscillator began its process of taking in bismuth particles and feeding them through the rigid cylindrical septum and into the main accelerator. With the microfarad capacitor enabled in conjunction with the sync pins, the particles accelerated near the speed of light in a complete loop. When the second timer went off, it triggered the alpha particles to accelerate in an equal and opposite direction. The two sets of particles were fed into the same tube and collided with each other at the cathos uranium hub. The sophisticated science and human ingenuity came together in a cataclysmic explosion as the accelerated particles released a hotspot of energy that tore a hole in the fabric of space, and in its wake created a small black hole. The power sources continued to feed the particle accelerator a gradual stream of energy, causing the black hole to grow exponentially. 
The immense pull of Earth’s gravity swallowed Alex’s tiny craft. As she plummeted toward Earth, she continued to gain speed. Alex braced for an impact that would surely kill her. It would be a noble death, provided the device did what it was designed to do. In her final thoughts, she prayed to her mother. 
As the ground fast approached, the excessive g-force was too much for her body to handle. The blood drained from her brain, causing her to enter a state of cerebral hypoxia and black out. She slumped over, remaining pinned in her seat from the five-point harness.
Overhead was a magnificent swirling vortex. It was a shame Alex was not conscious to see her handiwork. The vortex grew to become quite large, encompassing the entire sky, and effecting Earth’s natural weather patterns. The sky turned black as multiple storms emerged from nowhere. Tornados and hurricanes decimated cities as tidal waves wreaked havoc on unsuspecting shorelines. Lighting discharged from the sky like pulsating veins of energy. The crackling thunder that followed roared with the ferocity of an angry god.
Anyone who was outside at the time the mega-storm hit ran for shelter in a hastened panic as the debris-cluttered sky was being swallowed by a massive black hole. The people of Earth had no idea what had just hit them and were certainly not prepared for it.
Directly beneath the epicentre, Alex’s ship was being sucked up along with everything else in the vicinity. The craft was still traveling toward Earth, but the gravitational pull of the black hole had slowed its momentum considerably. It was enough to allow her pod to approach at a safer speed.
The exploration pod raced a few metres above the ocean, occasionally touching down like a stone skipping across a pond. In its wake, the craft left behind a massive rooster tail and a mist of steam as the red-hot metal made contact with the cold ocean water. When the momentum of the craft was no longer able to keep it airborne, it plunged into the churning waters, where it bobbed up and down from the powerful waves and was sent adrift.

Chapter Forty-Nine
Turbulent winds and raging waves slammed against the craft, echoing throughout the cabin. Eventually, Alex regained consciousness and was in a state of confusion as her brain began to clear out the fog. She had no recollection of the recent events in her life. As she looked around her immediate surroundings, she began to piece things together.
She grimaced in pain with each movement. The straps that held her to the seat during re-entry left large bruises on her torso. As she unfastened the harness, she felt a sharp pain in her side, mostly likely from a fractured rib. Every laboured breath felt like a hot knife was being jabbed into her side.
Rain poured down on the pod, obscuring the view from the windshield. Alex looked up anyway to see if her plan had worked, but it was too dark to see. A crackling lightning bolt lit up the night sky for a brief moment, allowing her to momentarily grasp the severity of the storm. It was complete chaos, but inside the protective craft, she was shielded from the unrelenting weather. She decided to wait before venturing outside to explore the unknown land that she had drifted to. She gazed at the ground surrounding the craft, looking for any signs of familiarity, but there was none. Unfortunately, the light was too low for her to identify anything significant that could help determine her location. 
With the atrocious weather, Alex decided to hunker down in the ship and wait out the storm. She was fatigued anyway so it was a suitable option. As she remained in her seat, she shifted her weight away from her damaged rib to become more comfortable. With the rhythmic rain beating down, she closed her eyes and fell asleep.
As soon as the sun peeked over the horizon, the light entered the glass dome of the ship, but that was not enough to bring Alex out of her slumber. After a few hours, the sun rose higher in the sky, allowing the rays to warm the inside cabin. Alex awoke in discomfort. Her mouth was dry and her body was sweaty. She tried to sit up and immediately felt her stiff bones and sore muscles resist her movements. The first thing she did when she opened her eyes was look skyward. The light blue sky was calm and there was not a cloud in sight. Alex gleamed with joy.  
“Oh my gosh, it worked!” she celebrated with an uninhibited jubilation. Her injuries reminded her to take it easy. After grimacing in pain, an ear-to-ear grin grew on her face. She gazed through the prism of the filthy glass windscreen, but to get the full effect, she needed to go outside.
“Open hatch,” she commanded. Her voice trembled as she was unable to contain her excitement. The mechanical hatch door unlocked and lifted open. Alex’s deprived senses suddenly became flooded with sensation. Her eardrums popped and everything became much louder. The sweet sounds of waves crashing and birds chirping had never sounded so good. The warm ocean breeze whistled by her body, causing the hairs on her arms to stand up. She inhaled a deep breath of the tropical air and then climbed out of her ship. When she stepped foot on the sandy beach, she stared up at the gorgeous blue sky. It was the most breathtaking sight she had seen in a long time, perhaps ever. She took great comfort in having a big blue dome encapsulate the planet. In its purity, it represented hope, salvation, and a new beginning.
She spun around to capture the full view of her surroundings. In every direction except one, the ocean, which now had an uncharacteristic indigo tinge to it, stretched out to the horizon. She turned around to examine the island upon which she had drifted to. From the shoreline, she could take in the whole scope of the mountainous terrain, which was populated by dense trees. She saw exotic birds flutter amongst the tall trees, but was unfamiliar with their variety so she was unable to use them as clues to pinpoint where on the map she had landed. She figured perhaps once she ventured in deeper, she would stumble upon some jungle critters that would provide more information as to her location.
From her limited vantage point, the island did not appear to be inhabited by people, but that had yet to be confirmed. It did occur to her, briefly, that she died and was now in some paradise in the afterlife. She dismissed the speculation and began to consider the more likely scenario that she was stranded on a deserted island with limited supplies and no method of contacting the outside world. She then came to the inevitable conclusion that her troubles were far from over.
 Without the aid of her access pod, she would have to rely strictly on what she already knew about survival, which was not much. She re-entered the exploration pod and rummaged through every compartment looking for anything she could utilize. The obvious items she found were a utility tool, a parasite detector, a water purifier, and a fire starter. She figured she could strip some metal rods off something to make skewers for cooking, use a container to carry water, and wires for traps and to bind things together. She pocketed the utility tool and left everything else in the ship.
Building a shelter seemed unnecessary considering she had a weatherproof pod to sleep in. Her primary focus then became obtaining food and fresh drinking water.
Alex kept her eyes on the sky as she trekked up the soft sandy beach. When she reached the treeline, she began to look for anything that could be used as a food source. From the ship, she had obtained several dried food packs that would last her about two weeks if she rationed them properly. Fishing was an option, but unless the fish provided her with more energy than she would exert catching it, she did not see the point. She kept that as an option in her mind and plotted some more as she stomped through the thick bushes.
She continued to hike to higher grounds with the hope of stumbling upon a pond or some wild fruit. After traversing through the jungle for several hours, she decided to rest for a few minutes. When she stopped moving, she heard the sound of running water in the distance. At first, she thought it was just her mind playing tricks on her, but with each passing second, she became convinced it was real. Without wasting any more time, she set off once again. She followed the sound about a hundred metres until she came across a waterfall and a small pond in a serene location. The trees parted just enough for the sun to light up the forest floor and cause the water to sparkle. It was so beautiful and until she actually touched it, she was not fully convinced it was real. 
Alex set down her belongings and knelt by the water. With an insatiable thirst, she cupped her hands together and began slurping up the cold liquid. The refreshing water cooled her insides and quenched her thirst. She scooped a few more handfuls of water for drinking and a couple for cleansing her face. 
After a long and exhausting hike, Alex had worked up quite a sweat. With the sun’s warm rays at her back, she peeled off her sticky clothes and then walked into the pond until she was submerged up to her neck. As the cold water engulfed her warm body, she felt exhilarated. She then inspected her body for damage. Her rib was swollen and slightly protruding, but it did not impede her movement too much. Aside from that injury and some nasty bruises, she was still in one piece.

Chapter Fifty
In the morning, Alex set off early to hike through the jungle. With so many repeated trips, a small path was being carved out. By now, she had a routine and was growing accustomed to surviving on her own. She was kept alive by the fresh water source she had found on her first day and the dry space food, which was quickly dwindling.
Every day, she would explore a new part of the island in search of food. She supplemented her diet with different varieties of berries that she had discovered along the way, but it was not enough to maintain her required caloric intake. She was losing weight and each day her health was deteriorating as her body was feeling the effects of poor nutrition, a lack of oxygen-infused sleeping, and her illness. The nosebleeds had yet to stop and were becoming more frequent.
Along her travels, she would routinely stop and observe the many unusual plants, bugs, and small critters she encountered. It was one way to keep her mind occupied, but it also created an opportunity to learn about some rare species up close.
When she finally reached the waterfall, she was exhausted, much more so than on previous days. She stopped for a long rest and a quick dip in the waters. She told herself the water had magical healing powers that would restore her health and bring her vitality. It was of course an absurd notion, but if she truly believed it, perhaps her brain would send signals to her body to heal itself.
She had a powerful belief system that had proven to be effective in the past and accomplished feats that science could not yet explain.
At dusk, Alex made a fire and sat on the sandy beach, watching the sun make its descent. In those moments, she reflected on all the events in her life that led her to being where she was. She thought about her friends and family, who were on the other side of the planet, and wondered if they were thinking about her. 
When the sun finally rested below the horizon, Alex climbed into the cabin of the small craft and sealed the hatch. There was something very psychologically satisfying about being sealed in there – she was protected from the elements and away from any creepy-crawlies. She leaned back in her seat and stared up at the starry sky. Living in a metropolis had robbed her of this experience for so many years. Now she had a chance to marvel at the grandness and beauty of the cosmos.
The next morning, Alex felt vastly worse than the days prior. She began her day by entering the jungle just like she had done so many times before. On her way up to the waterfall, she barely had the strength and collapsed several times. As she struggled up the mountain, her head felt light and disorientated. It bobbled around her thin neck and her bony shoulders. The dense leaves overhead provided her with shade from the sun, but it was still muggy. The thick air was difficult to breathe and at times she felt as though it was suffocating her. In the distance, birds and other jungle animals squawked almost as if they were mocking her. 
Her stomach growled loudly and all she could think about was food. She shuffled through the twigs and fallen leaves that littered the forest floor as she could barely lift her feet. When she eventually arrived at the pond, she collapsed and had to drag herself across the dirt the rest of the way. Inch by inch, she crawled forward until her unrecognizable face reflected back off the glassy water. Her muscles shook relentlessly as she lowered her face to the water and began to drink. If tomorrow ever came for her, she would certainly not have the strength to make it back up there. She knew this would be her final trip to the sacred waters that had failed to restore her health. Without fresh water, it was only a matter of time before the inevitable happened. 
Why is the universe so cruel to good people? she wondered. 
Even with her mental faculties seriously impaired, Alex knew she had a choice to make. She could either remain by the pond and be close to a fresh water source, or trudge back through the jungle and down to the ship. The hike would certainly be her last, but she could at least have shelter and one last meal. 
The hours ticked by, which felt like days. She had worked up an incredible fever, made worse by the scorching sun. For the next few hours, she positioned herself up against a rock by the pond, convinced it would be her final spot of rest. 
Alex laid back and stared up and the beautiful blue sky that she had revealed. High overhead, a vulture circled, signifying the end was near. As she drifted in and out of consciousness, her weak and dehydrated body clung to the last scraps of life. It was only a matter of time until she met her demise.
Alex did not hear it, but in the distance was the sound of hope. A large rescue pod hovered twenty feet over the ground and came to a halt directly next to her craft on the beach. Mara was the first person to jump out. She rushed over to the pod calling out Alex’s name, but there was no answer.

Chapter Fifty-One
Mara and her small crew came across the path that had been carved out in the forest. She led the way through the tall trees and thick bushes, following the blinking light on her access pod. When Mara was less than one hundred metres away, she spotted Alex and began to run toward her.
“Alex!” Mara screamed out in a panicked voice.
She ran over to her dying daughter and cradled Alex in her arms. She checked for a pulse. It was faint, but it was there.
“Come on, let’s get her in the vehicle,” Mara demanded. Three men rushed over, picked Alex up, and carried her limp body into the craft. Once onboard they immediately hooked her up to a TPN intravenous drip, which consisted of vitamins, salts, glucose, lipids, and essential amino acids. 
“Hang on, Alex. I’m here to bring you home.”
The craft lifted off the ground, displacing a small cloud of sand as it pivoted in place. It then accelerated across the Atlantic and back to Megalopolis.
Alex’s status was monitored by a team of medical experts. Mara did whatever she could to help, which included holding Alex’s hand and speaking to her. When they finally arrived at the Megalopolis hospital, Alex was immediately transferred to her own room and a team of the best doctors in the world attended to her. 
After administering several medications to her, Alex was placed inside a special hyperbaric chamber that enriched her body with oxygen and nutrients. 
Over the next few days, Alex remained unconscious as her body recovered. She was still frail, but she was regaining weight. The whole time, Mara, Milo, and Aris did not leave her side. 
After being in the hospital for nearly a week, Alex’s eyes slowly peeled open.
“She’s awake!” Milo shouted.
Mara jumped to her feet, rushed toward the chamber, and pressed her face against the glass dome. When she saw Alex’s eyes flutter open like a new born baby, Mara immediately began to cry. She knew Alex could not hear her, but through the glass she signed a message that caused Alex to smile. Everyone else in the room hovered over the glass and Alex made eye contact with each of them. 
“Can I hold her?” Mara asked the doctor. 
The doctor reviewed Alex’s stats and then permitted the request. The glass dome slowly opened, allowing Mara to hold her daughter’s hand.
It took a moment for Alex to fully register what was going on, but Mara explained it to her.
“Where am I?” Alex mumbled.
“You’re safe inside the Megalopolis hospital.”
“Am I dead?”
Everyone in the room could not help but chuckle.
“No honey, you’re not dead.” 
“You are very fortunate that someone came along and found you,” the doctor said. “Had that not happened, you would have died within the hour.”
“How did you find me?” Alex inquired.
“You sent me a message.”
Alex looked puzzled.
“We had no idea where you were until one day your voice came flooding into my head with such clarity. You described your surroundings, told me about the plants and trees, the positioning of the sun, moon, and stars. Based on that information, we determined you were somewhere in Southeast Asia.”
“That doesn’t exactly narrow it down much,” Alex said.
“You’re right. We were searching random beaches in the Southeastern hemisphere for days. Most of the crew thought I was crazy, but somehow I knew you were alive and trying to reach out to me.
“The next time your voice came to me, you were expressing your reluctance to eat a small lizard. You described the markings on the back of the critter, which identified it as the Kwam Vallen salamander. We looked it up and that lizard happens to be indigenous to one very specific region of Thailand. Once we were close enough, we could track you using your chip. We were very lucky to have found you in time.”
“I don’t think luck had anything to do with it,” Alex said. “After the events that have transpired in my life, I’m convinced I was put on this Earth for a reason.”
“I agree, just promise me you won’t put yourself in so much danger next time.”
“Sometimes I feel like danger has a way of finding me.”
“You inherit that from your mother,” Milo joked. 
“You’re truly a remarkable person, Alex and I’m so proud to be your mother.”
“Thanks, I feel the same way about you. I’m glad you’re my mother. And as soon as we get arrested and thrown back in prison, we can get back to that quality mother-daughter time that we’ve grown accustomed to.”
“Something tells me you won’t have to worry about going back to prison after what you’ve done. I still can’t believe that you, my daughter, are responsible for such a monumental moment in human history. It feels so surreal and I couldn’t be more proud of you. I love you, Alex.”
“I love you too, mum, but what about you? Do you think you’ll go back to prison?”
“We’ll see. So far nobody has come looking for me and this place is swarming with guardians.”
Alex decided to change the subject. “Mum, I’ve been literally dying to ask you a very important question.”
“What is it honey?”
“How do you like the new sky?”
“It may take me a while to get used to it, but I like the blue sky better.”

Chapter Fifty-Two
During her stay, a large crowd had gathered outside the hospital to show their support. The media had been running stories about the famous Alexandra Gray all week. By now, she had become the most well-known individual on the planet. Every detail of her life was on public display from her upbringing, her famous family ties, to her heroic salvation of the planet. Alex had inspired people in such a way that they viewed her as a gift from god – an angel who miraculously descended from the heavens to save humankind. Everyone was praising her, and some were even moved to tears simply by being in her presence. She was used to receiving a lot of attention in the past, but nothing compared to this. When news of her release was broadcasted, the entire planet tuned in to hear the words from their saviour. Guardians came out in droves to manage the crowd. 
“You’re live in three, two…” the camera man said as he held up his index finger.
“Hi, I am Marika Martens for the Global News Network. I’m here live at the Megalopolis hospital awaiting the release of Alexandra Gray. Joining me in this historic celebration are thousands of people showing their support and appreciation for what the courageous young prodigy has done for the planet and for human civilization.”
The doors slid open and Alex emerged from the hospital with Milo, Aris, and Mara by her side. The sound from the crowd was deafening as nearly five-thousand people simultaneously applauded Alex for her courage. Alex stood at the top of the stairs, waving to the crowd and displaying her perfect smile with cute dimples.
“Thank you for saving us, Alex!” someone screamed out from the crowd.
“Alex, over here!” people shouted as cameras flashed from every direction.
Alex was handed a voice enhancer and waited for the crowd to settle down before she began to speak. Mara and her henchmen stood near – there would be no protesters at this rally.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” she began. Nearly everyone from around the world stopped whatever they were doing to listen to what Alex was about to say. “I appreciate your support through this trying time, it really meant a lot to me.”
“We love you, Alex!” an anonymous voice professed.
 “I stand before you completely humbled. I didn’t ask for any of this attention and praise, but I am truly honoured you herald me as your saviour. The truth is, I was just one small part in a much larger operation. I could not have done it without my mother, her friends, as well as my two best friends.”
The crowd once again put their hands together to celebrate Mara, Milo, and Aris, who were happy to be basking in the adulation that spilled off from Alex.
When the crowd came to a rest, Alex proceeded. 
“I just want to say, we are all in this together. Individuality is important, but we must use this situation as a reminder that we need each other to survive. No one is an island. Even if you’re the Leader of the New World, you will not have all the answers, you need other people. Genius comes in many forms and if you empower the right people and empower yourself, unbelievable things can happen.”
Before she could complete her speech, someone in the crowd yelled out, “Since Maxim Morrison has relinquished his Leadership duties, do you have any intention of succeeding your father’s reign?”
It was a great question and an interesting proposal, one that Alex had not considered before. Her popularity was at an all-time high so winning an election would be a realistic possibility. She took a moment and scanned the crowd before she responded. Everyone’s faces remained frozen in anticipation of her answer. She saw so many faces, both young and old, looking up to her for guidance and leadership. 
“We’ll see,” she said simply. “Thank you all for coming out and giving me your support,” Alex said as she waved to the crowd. 
The people once again erupted in a roaring wave of cheers as Alex was escorted into an awaiting vehicle. As the vehicle elevated off the ground, Alex looked out the window at the crowd and took great solace in seeing the joy on so many people’s faces. She knew from that moment, her life would be forever changed. 
“Alex, what are you thinking about?” Milo asked.
Alex paused and looked over at him and Aris, who were sitting across from her. “When I was on the island I asked myself why the universe was so cruel to good people, and now I realize two things.”
“What are they?” Milo asked.
“First, the universe does not reward kindness,” she said, holding back her emotions. Her mother put her arm around her and hugged her. “You need to be kind for the sake of being kind, not because of the rewards you may receive. Even if your kindness, or courage, or ingenuity changes the world, you are not owed a single thing in return.”
“What was the second thing?” Aris asked impatiently.
“The universe works in mysterious ways,” she said rather cryptically without offering a further explanation. As the craft raced through the city, Alex returned her gaze out the window once again, looking at the sky. A subtle smile came across her face.
Her recent experience on the island taught her a valuable lesson: no matter how intelligent she was, there were forces that were greater and more powerful than her. Despite millions of people worshiping her, and the inspiring speech she had delivered, she knew the truth of what happened on that island. Left to her own devices, she would have died and become another helpless victim to the powerful Mother Nature. That was a truly humbling experience and perhaps the last of her trials as she prepared for the next chapter of her life.
###
Prodigy Eternal (book 2)
Chapter One
Tokyo — 2119
The constant awe and admiration of staring eyes had become too much for Alex to bear. She had been hiding for the past year, moving from place to place and trying to find purpose. While discovering what the world had to offer beyond the confines of her home in Megalopolis, Alex mainly ended up in population-dense cities since they provided the best cover.
With a proper disguise, she integrated inconspicuously amongst the people without the risk of being identified. There were a few instances where savvy pedestrians would stare at her face for a little longer than she felt comfortable with. Their curious eyes would study her flawless bone structure and wonder if they had inadvertently stumbled upon the famous and elusive Alexandra Gray. But before they settled on a conclusion, Alex would vanish like an apparition, leaving them with nothing but doubt and a fleeting memory.
Reports of sightings would invariably emerge with people claiming to have had genuine encounters. Tall tales and rumours travelled through close circles of friends and eventually spread out like a virus, infecting the ears of anyone with an interest. With each story and occasional blurry image that was captured, her legend grew stronger. Having one of the most recognizable faces on the planet didn’t make lying low any easier. Even the best disguises were not immune to the diligent observation of those who were on the lookout for her.
Hiding behind large sunglasses and a full head wrap, Alex approached a market in the busy Shinjuku district of the Japanese metropolis. Fully immersed in the orderly chaos, she slinked her way through the crowds of people until she reached a vendor selling frozen fish. Amongst the chatter between customers and merchants, haggling over prices, Alex heard a siren in the background and tensed up. She was not wanted by the authorities, but the discomfort of knowing she had broken several laws with impunity never left her. The sirens faded and the voice of a shouting man flooded her ears.
“Miss, hello, do you want to buy?” the vendor asked.
Alex snapped out of her daze and regained her focus.
“You want to buy fish?” the man asked.
“I’m just looking, thanks,” Alex said politely.
“Next customer, please!” the man shouted.
Everything about Tokyo was unique. It was unlike any other spot she had been, and she felt more like she had landed on another planet than in another city. The customs and behaviour of the people were noticeably different. Despite what she had learned at the Facility, the once touted ‘global super-culture’ was showing signs of divergence. The architecture was similar to her home of Megalopolis, but distinctive at the same time. Tall glass-covered structures stretched up beyond the clouds and out of sight, while colourful lights and floating holograms sparkled across the night sky.
Alex manoeuvered past the fish vendor and squeezed through a barking herd of customers. As she made her way to the subway, a familiar face on a large screen caught her attention. The sound from the news broadcast poured out from concealed speakers and into the crowd, but no one seemed to be paying any attention. Alex stopped and watched, even if it would only be for a few moments.
“Hi, I am Marika Martens for the Global News Network, and we are gearing up for what will be a historic event this weekend. This Saturday marks the one-year anniversary of when our planet was saved by the heroic Alexandra Gray. There have been many rumours and speculation as to Miss Gray’s whereabouts, but one thing is for certain, history will forever remember this young prodigy.
“Joining us live is one of Alex’s closest friends, Milo Rion. Milo, welcome to our program.”
“I’m happy to be here, thank you for having me.”
“Milo, you are one of Alex’s closest friends and have become somewhat of a celebrity yourself. How has your life changed since that fateful day, and how do you intend to celebrate this Saturday?”
“I appreciate some of the spillover attention I’ve received, but that has mostly died down now. I get the odd person recognizing me here or there, but honestly my life hasn’t changed all that much. I’m still picking away at my school requirements with the hopes of graduating soon. As for how I intend to celebrate — I don’t know, I haven’t really given it much thought. I’m just thankful to have had Alex as part of my life for as long as I did. So I suppose more so than other times, this Saturday I will be reflecting back on some of the special moments we’ve shared together.”
“I’m sure you get this question all the time, but I have to ask — where is Alex?”
“You know, I wish I knew, but we haven’t spoken in a long time. I hear the rumours just like everyone else and am left to wonder where she is and what she has been up to.” 
“If she is watching this, is there anything you would like to say to her?”
“Alex, if you’re watching, I just want to say that I miss you very much and I hope you are safe.”
A single tear emerged from behind Alex’s glasses and rolled down her cheek. She wiped it away and sniffled.
“We’re now going to play a clip from Alex’s last public appearance, where she addressed millions of adoring fans all over the world.”
“I stand before you completely humbled. I didn’t ask for any of this attention and praise, but I am truly honoured you herald me as your saviour. The truth is, I was just one small part of a much larger operation. I could not have done it without my mother, her friends, as well as my two best friends…”
As the footage played, Alex was nowhere in sight, having dispersed into the crowd like a whisper in the wind.
Prodigy Eternal is now available in ebook stores everywhere!
###
Edward Mullen is a novelist, blogger, and podcaster from Vancouver, Canada. Prodigy is his second novel. 
Born and raised in beautiful British Columbia, Edward developed a love for the wilderness. This love, combined with an innate curiosity about all things, eventually spawned a healthy imagination for storytelling. 
Despite spending a lot of his time indoors writing, Edward continues to enjoy the outdoors. He is an avid tennis player, mountain biker, snowboarder, runner, and traveler.
For more information about Edward Mullen, such as his podcast, blog, or upcoming books, please visit:
www.EdwardMullen.com
