

Silicon Facades

Published by Cory Richardson at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Cory Richardson


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Cover design by Tatiana Vila, Vila Design


Chapter 1 Facade
Mind Your Place

Loan officer Matole Lavy looked across the table at the attractive young couple, Sinead and Miranda.  “Look,” he started, “from your application we just don’t see sufficient income, high enough credit scores, low enough drug abuse potential, staying power with each other, or sufficient political and religious views in line with the State’s mandate.  So it would be impossible for you to secure a loan of this type.”
Sinead was dumbfounded.  “What do you mean?  We never filled out any application.  We just wanted to find out what our mortgage options are,” she said.
 “Ah, I see.  I can tell that you haven’t done this before.  The days of filling out applications died with your great-grandparents,” replied Lavy, now looking superior.  He was right, yet he just loved to play the power game with people.
 “All I had to do was pull up a standard ApComp, like I do for everyone.  There is really nothing more to discuss.  You girls aren’t ready to buy a house and I can guarantee you that no other lender in the State will want to give you a loan either.”
ApComp was the standard “quicky” application automatically compiled from online data simply by entering someone’s Social Identity Number (SIN).
A SIN was required for every transaction, every activity, every day, by everyone.  People could not purchase anything, work anywhere, enter a public building or private business or even walk down a street without their SIN profile being detected on their SIN Chip and read by the nearest scanner station.
Scanner stations were small nuclear powered units the size of a grapefruit that would receive SIN signals from the SIN Chips and transmit them to the mainframe data system.  The scanner stations were concealed in all public buildings, at parks, along sidewalks, in businesses, public transportation areas, everywhere.  Everybody’s movements, purchases, and activities throughout every day were recorded on their SIN Chip, embedded in the right hand or neck, then transmitted via the scanner stations to the mainframe government database.
It wasn’t like people were being watched, though.  They weren’t.  But should there be any trouble associated with anyone in any way at any time, their “record” could be immediately brought up anywhere by anybody with authorized access to help settle the dispute.
In the year 2133, the SIN Record became the new legal system, court, judge and jury, financial authorization for purchases, work authorization, and access authorization for anywhere people wanted to go.  It was the ultimate method of social control for citizens in most countries, including those countries that had once been democratic or still had a democratic facade.
 “That is,” Lavy continued, “unless you’re interested in the Hardship Program.“  The Hardship Program consisted primarily of a twenty-eight percent annual interest rate mortgage loan, guaranteeing a lifelong renter status to the bank.  The loan had an eighty-six percent chance of default before it was paid off in forty years.  The Hardship Program was one of the banks’ biggest money makers.  The majority of all people had to take it, or be subject to the much detested private land lording arrangements.
A person’s SIN Record meant the difference between a life of hardship and slavery, or relatively lessor hardship and slavery.  There was no freedom.  There used to be.  But that was squandered over a century earlier by everyone’s ignorant ancestors who, not understanding the consequences of the then new electronic age, voluntarily gave away all their information and, in doing so, their rights too.  Fools!  That was largely to blame for allowing a seamless transition to the social class system by the 2130’s.
To understand what happened to peoples’ freedoms soon after the onset of the electronic age, it is necessary to review the uncensored story of their electronic demise, a story that the government has tried to stamp out and erase.  But like the Dead Sea scrolls that once saved religious writings for millennia, this story was also saved in secure physical locations in physical form only, lest it be detected by the scanners and infected by virus.
The story had been passed around the “underground” for nearly a century so that people would never forget how they came to the point of so little freedom.  They never wanted to forget, in case a way was ever devised to undo the damage caused by the stupidity of their great, great, great grandparents.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 2 Facade
Asinine Ancestors

A hundred and forty years earlier, with the advent of the computer age kicking into full force in the 1990’s, a multitude of independent entrepreneurs, using a world-wide data system, began the slow, steady process of tricking individuals into giving over valuable personal information with the lure of free access to information.
No one suspected anything sinister at first from this marvelous technology.  This web of deceit had started innocently enough, merely providing anyone connected to it immediate access to electronic information that had previously been only available in physical form, with a time delay, and at a cost to obtain it.
Not only was access to the World Wide Web data fast, but it was generally free, or at least advertised as such.  “Any topic, any time, not a dime,” was one Internet provider’s marketing motto.  Hmmm, why that didn’t tip people off as something too good to be true is simply a mystery.  The general public clamored to connect.
Sure, radio and television had been around for most of a century by then and could quickly share information in a limited sense, but never at the speed and with the self-directed raw unedited power that was possible with the Internet age.
Initially, the hardware and software companies made a killing providing the tools required for access to this monster.  Like any new technology, these access machines, called Personal Computers (PCs), were very expensive.  Early home PCs cost as much a modest style newer model used car.
But in time, just like the old phonographs, tube style televisions, video cassette recorders, camcorders, and compact disc players, the machines needed to access the Internet advanced in design, while dropping in price to the point that if someone could afford a phone or similar mobile device, they were hooked up.
With everyone “connected” it wasn’t long before the hardware and software companies weren’t the only ones making a fortune from this technology.  Advertisers and pushers of online music, books, and video came first.  Then, people selling their own stuff over the Internet became popular.  And in no time, online stores selling everything and anything quickly followed.
In the typical “fast food” mentality, people got used to being able to have everything without delay.  Whether it was instant communication or receiving delivery of a purchased item in the next day or two, our forefathers became hooked on getting things without having to wait.  Patience became in short supply.  It was instant gratification for a stuff-hungry generation.
And buy stuff they did.  The stores shifted to further and further away.  At first, it seemed incomprehensible that it could ever be less expensive to buy a product over the Internet from a store a thousand miles away and have it delivered to your front door in two days, than to just go down the street to the local “big box” store and buy it.  But somehow, “they” made it work, though it was never clear who “they” were.
And people all followed like pigs to slaughter because they wanted cheaper and faster.  What they didn’t realize is that it was cheaper for them back in the early 2000’s, but those alive in the 2130’s were the ones paying.
Our ancestors quickly got hooked on the instant gratification.  But they also started getting hooked on the technology itself—to the point of ridiculous, if not just outright stupid.
It hadn’t taken long for the Internet to be in vogue, the main attraction, information rich, with music galore, and unlimited books, videos, and pictures.  It was the vehicle to learn about anything.  But then it developed into something more: the opportunity for everyone to put themselves out there, uploading their talents for the world to find.  Or to upload their crap.
For every cool thing there became at least ninety-nine real losers, a lot of junk, bad mouthing, insults, scammers, ramblings with agendas, and commenting kings of crap.  People just wanted to be ugly.  That’s okay to a point.  Everyone is ugly at times.
But what wasn’t anticipated, and what in no time the Internet allowed, was the losers to hide behind fake identities.  Names like compost13, evil666 and stardick99.  And they took great pride in criticizing everything and everyone, and with the foulest language.  Not that some criticisms are a bad thing.  But these guys just didn’t have the balls to put their names on it, and you can bet that ninety-nine point nine percent were guys because most girls weren’t hateful jerks then, as they were by the 2130’s.
This kept up for many years, and by well into the 2030’s, mankind had degenerated to the point of hiding behind these silicon facades.  Our ancestors had become so small in courage and a sense of personal realness that they were actually well hidden behind those freaking smart phones and mobile palm pads.  Oh yeah, back then people could safely blast their putrid thoughts out to anyone without repercussion.  That doesn’t fly today, but I’m getting ahead.
Our kin-folk hid behind their little palm pals.  They played their little e-games in their cars, in stores, in schools, at work, at play—everywhere.  So there they were, walking around all over the place with faces always buried in a three-inch screen.  And their brains got buried with it.  People spewed out ugliness from their little itsy bitsy keypads.  In the “old days” before the electronic age, as it is today, you would have your face bashed in for insulting others that way.
 Here’s the thing that those numb, thumb-pilots never quite got, though.  They thought their identities were hidden.  They thought that their clever pen names like ihavnobolz2 were cleverly disguising their real names.  But they weren’t.  What morons our forefathers were! 
People back then never quite grasped that everything they did online, everything they texted, every rude comment they made, and even everywhere they physically went was being recorded and saved for later.  Years later.  Decades later.
It all eventually became traceable to their real names and addresses and other personal information.  Powerful Internet algorithms created an Internet database about each of them, at first in fragmented forms and later compiled more coherently.  People’s current and future employers and many others had easy access to all their deeds online – forever.
After several decades of personal turmoil, humiliation, and financial repercussions from being idiots online, people did start to wise up.  They had said and done too many stupid things.  For many, being cute stopped being fun when it started costing money, especially in “missed” job opportunities and squandered promotions.  For others it impacted educational prospects.  For plenty of them, a quality place to live.  And for countless others it followed them into their old age, affecting what quality of insurance, health care, and housing they could get.
So eventually people did learn to refrain from being anonymous jerks.  They started putting their names on their Internet stuff.  They started having some decency.  But did it really matter by then?  Not really.  You could put on a new façade, but the old one was still out there too.  The original databases never went away.  They just evolved into the SIN Record.
The most curious part of this story is how exactly all the databases were able to get populated, exponentially, with personal data.  It was simple.  Our numbskull ancestors populated it willingly in a variety of cleverly designed ways that they embraced like fools.  Understand: they did this even though it was not required.  Dumb asses!
First, it started with an indoctrination to begin to prefer electronic over paper.  From phone books, to maps, to newspapers and books, our great, great, great grandparents began to favor the speed and portability of electronic information over printed material.  They loved how it de-cluttered their spaces at home and the office.
Second, there came a real beauty that just about made the art of hand written letters obsolete--free email accounts.  No longer did people have to wait three days for their letters to be hand delivered to their intended recipient or buy postage stamps!  Everyone below the age of, well, old geezer, jumped on this bandwagon.  And ever since the very first email accounts, all electronic letters and messages had been saved in servers, regardless of whether people ever deleted the emails, or their accounts, or themselves from this earth.  
Third, in order to encourage people to blab to an even larger audience and have their ramblings out there forever for anyone to access, free blog sites were invented for their big egos, not to mention the advertisers’ benefit when ads were piggybacked onto the webpages.  Similarly, other free websites were also created to help the previous schmuck generations to upload personal pictures, music, and video to further stroke their growing egos.
Fourth, if it weren’t enough to put personal stuff out there for people to find, social networks were created so that they could badger all their friends and work associates with all the same drivel.  It was easy to get people to sign up.  Since people were preoccupied with everything electronic, their real groups of friends were diminishing.  The social networks made them feel like they had lots of friends.
And fifth, since desk computers rapidly got replaced with laptops, tablets, and smaller and smaller mobile devices, another huge advance was made for convenience: storage in the “clouds.”  How asinine was this!  The inventor of the concept was brilliant.  No longer did people need to worry about having the hassle of storing pictures, video, music, and other documents on any of their many mobile devices.  Instead, it was “safely” stored out there online ready to retrieve at a moment’s notice from anywhere.
The public loved it so much that they got rid of all their paper files through senseless scanning and uploads to the clouds.  Thus, having turned over the privilege of storing their own personal data, and passing it to someone else’s ultimate control, the last nail in freedom’s coffin was pounded in place.
Let me repeat this again: they did all this even though it was not required.  Dumb asses!
A social revolution had started as a result of the five dip-shitted steps of our relatives.  Over the span of a few short decades, beginning around the infamous year of no return, 2000, everyone became able and willing to leave a record of their life.  They uploaded their feelings, experiences, hopes, dreams, achievements, and every other kind of personal data through a multitude of electronic media creations such as emails, texts, blogs, short stories, pictures, music, audio and video, self-published books, scanned files, and cloud storage.  This was a huge deal.
A social phenomenon of this magnitude, and with such deep implications, had never been possible before at any time in the history of mankind.  Our fathers of old had suddenly found themselves the holders of a technological power that allowed them to leave a permanent mark like a dog with radioactive piss.
Before the Internet, unless people did something notable that, virtuous or depraved, would get them into the history books, only the privileged or unlucky few could leave their mark.  And even then, the physical media upon which those marks existed had in most cases deteriorated to nothing.  Most all of early humanity’s records and writings had vanished.  To a large degree there was no remembrance of men of old and, for those remembered, certainly little factual detail known.
The ordinary average guy never got squat for notoriety until the Internet came along, prancing into everyone’s houses in pink leotards for our perverted great grandparents to embrace.  Their egos and desire to feel important ruined everything.
The Internet had the potential to allow anything to go viral and be read, watched or listened to by millions of people instantly.  All of a sudden, anyone could have prompt fame and fortune.  And many did.  The constant lure of instant fame and fortune kept people playing the Internet like some big lotto.  It was easy to play it.  The cost of the lotto ticket was mere information, personal information.
The lotto’s giant information cow was eventually taken over by government entities, and it evolved into the SIN Record, the ultimate social control over everything people did to buy, sell, eat, play, work, travel, and just be human.
Not long after the SIN Record was established, people began to be held accountable for their past and present behaviors, beliefs, and lifestyles, and then rewarded or punished according to how they meshed with the tenets of the State.  No longer was anyone able to deny what they believed, what they’d done or where they’d gone.
This was the situation by the late 2130’s.  Everyone was pigeonholed into government established social classes.  What they could eat, what they could purchase, where they could live, and where they could go were all determined by their SIN Score, which set their social class standing.
Algorithms constantly riffled through people’s SIN Record and calculated a SIN Score based on economic, social, religious, and criminal factors past and present.  It was extremely difficult or costly to change a SIN Score on purpose.
If people didn’t like who they were and wanted to change their social position, too bad!  They were persecuted for their old selves, new selves, and for all of their previous and current relatives’ facades too.  The perceived sins of the fathers were being forced to be paid by the children in whatever ways facilitated government objectives.
Sinead and Miranda looked questioningly at each other and already knew each other’s answer.  Sinead turned to loan officer Matole Lavy and said, “Yes, of course we’re interested in the Hardship Program.  Thank you so much for helping us, Mr. Lavy.”  They happily signed up for forty years of extortion by the United Central Bank.  And they were damn fortunate to have that option.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 3 Facade
Darren-Amber D1

In the 2130’s, the greatest challenge and focus of the people at the bottom of the food chain had boiled down to this: how to increase their SIN Score.  The higher someone’s SIN Score and therefore social class, the more invisible they were to all the social restrictions.  That was the only chance at relative freedom.
Electronic or physical tampering with, or removing, a SIN Chip from themselves or anyone else was illegal and had severe consequences—usually immediately transfer to a State Labor Commune as a temporary slave, to live, work, and produce any number of the long list of products manufactured and sold by the government.  Prisons had long before been abolished and replaced with the labor communes.
Darren and his pregnant wife, Amber, had just finished buying some baby clothes at a yard sale down the street from their flat.  They lived in a large apartment complex.  Their SIN Score had not allowed them to purchase a house, not even in the Hardship Program.  But they had a dream of getting out of the apartment flats after their baby was born.
As they walked back toward their flat carrying two bags of used baby clothes, Darren started his planned dialog to convince Amber of something he’d been thinking a great deal about lately.  “I’ve been thinking,” he said.  “We’re never going to be able to rent or buy our own house, have a car, get new clothes from a store, or afford to shop at the fresh food markets unless we do something drastic.”
Amber looked over at Darren.  She’d heard his complaints about “the system” ever since she’d known him.  It was always the same basic argument: the system sucks and he had an idea how to fix it for them.  She appreciated his relentless hope for a change.  But he was dreamer, a talker.  Nothing ever happened, nothing ever changed.
But she wasn’t going to discourage his dreams of freedom.  “Yes?” she said.
“A guy at work told me a story about the Silicon Facades in the early 2000’s,” he replied.  “Long before the SIN Record was even an idea, people used to populate their own electronic record any way they wanted.  You could have your own websites and add anything to them—writing, pictures, videos.  You could even upload those things to a bunch of other websites.  Not only were you free to do it, but it didn’t cost a dime. You could put on any face you wanted the world to see.  That was the Silicon Facades.”
Amber had never heard of any such of thing.  This was interesting.  She listened intently.
He continued, “So even if you had some negative pieces in your record back then that you couldn’t make go away, it didn’t really matter because you could add unlimited positive records.”
“So?” she asked.
“So, if there had been any automated algorithms to create a Score for you like there is today, you would have had the power to skew the averages in your favor,” he said.
“That makes sense,” Amber replied, “but I don’t see how anyone could do that today.  People at our level don’t even have access to the Line.”
“Not directly,” Darren quickly added, “but SIN Chips are receivers as well as transmitters.  They’re programmed to receive specific data and transmit it to the scanners to add to the government’s database.  Some of the data is received from our bodies like heart and breathing rates, and blood profiles.  Data is also received from our physical location, our purchases, and other transactions.”
Darren continued.  “If we were to carefully feed extra signals to the Chip, favorable ones, but not a deluge which might be too obvious, then over time our SIN Score could be improved.”  He looked at her.
Not looking at all impressed, Amber thought for a moment.  “In theory,” she began, “that makes sense.  But how would you know what amount of data is enough, or too much?  And what type of data?  One mistake and you would be sent to a labor commune.”  She touched the palm of her hand on her belly.  “Our baby is going to need a daddy around.  You know what happens to single mothers.  They’re D4.”
Darren nodded.  The class D4 was the lowest people could sink to.  The government had the audacity to consider single mothers dirt.  It didn’t matter if the father skipped out.  The female was still held to blame, she should have picked better, shouldn’t have spread her legs, whatever.
In general, the levels went like this:

A1 = Elite male (top 5% SIN Score), married
A2 = Elite female (top 5% SIN Score), married
A3 = Elite male (top 5% SIN Score), single
A4 = Elite female (top 5% SIN Score), single

B1 = Male (top 20% SIN Score), married
B2 = Female (top 20% SIN Score), married
B3 = Male (top 20% SIN Score), single
B4 = Female (top 20% SIN Score), single

C1 = Male (top 50% SIN Score), single
C2 = Female (top 50% SIN Score), single
C3 = Male (top 50% SIN Score), married
C4 = Female (top 50% SIN Score), married

D1 = Bottom 50% SIN Score
D2 = Bottom 40% SIN Score
D3 = Bottom 25% SIN Score
D4 = Single mother or Bottom 15% SIN Score

The SIN Score was also adjusted to account for population size so that eighty percent of the population was in the C and D classes.  Not only that, but in the C and D levels the government incentive was for them to stay single and not have children.
Single mothers had the most difficult time financially and socially.  As a result, they most often had no choice but to literally whore themselves in some way in order to afford to raise their child.  The only other option was to give the baby up.
There were no adoptions, though.  Single mothers either kept their child, or gave it to the State to raise, own, and use in a labor commune.  The labor communes were typically the most profitable businesses in the State.
The government rewarded single mothers who, through the Class Advance Incentive, turned over their child to the State for labor commune use.  If a mother gave her child to the State, she could jump up to a C2, the minimum required for the “Hardship Program” as well as a host of other social benefits.  This was a huge social leap.
Couples who, through the Class Advance Incentive as well, willingly gave up a child to the State were automatically bumped up to a C1 level, another huge incentive.
As a result of the Class Advance Incentive by the government, many single and married women purposely got pregnant in order to give the baby to the State and jump to a C1 or C2 level.  In fact, this had been going on for two or three generations.  Young girls were raised by their parents knowing they had the option later on to have children to move up the social classes.  There was little emotion or remorse.  It was just a sad fact of life by that point in time.  Not everyone bought into it, though.
Darren and Amber were D1’s as a couple.  Couples’ SIN Scores generally became the average of what each one had prior to marriage if there was wide separation between their classes.  Before meeting Amber, Darren had been a B3.  Amber was already a single mother, a D4 when he met her.  As a new couple, they become C3’s.  But after Amber got pregnant with Darren’s child, they were bumped to D1’s.  In the lower classes, becoming pregnant and having a baby dropped people even lower.
As they reached their apartment building, they quit talking about how to manipulate their SIN Records and instead talked about their clothes purchase and what a nice day it was.  Microphone transmitter “Mites” were everywhere in public buildings, parks, sidewalks, apartments, even on them much of the time if they weren’t careful.
Mites were but one mass produced item made for the government by labor commune slaves, for government use only.  They had been designed and perfected by labor commune slaves decades earlier.  Barely larger than a grain of sand, but a fifth the weight, they were routinely sprayed and sprinkled by the millions every day into public areas and carried home like ticks by unsuspecting human transports.
Mites weren’t a secret.  Everyone knew about them.  But because they were so small and so plentiful, it was nearly impossible to rid yourself or your apartment of them.  A shower could effectively remove them from your hair.  Washing clothes would “kill” them.  But the ones that fell all over the apartment were tough to get rid of, though people had generally become cleaning fanatics as a result.  The ongoing joke was that and C and D class were the cleanest people on the planet.
The Mites had a life span of only about a week once activated by an inaudible high frequency signal.  But because they were constantly being dropped everywhere in public, a new batch was always being transported home from people’s excursions out and about.
Despite the fact that the Mites were transmitting conversations to the government, no one was actively listening to every conversation.  But they were recorded.  Government computer algorithms searched for matches in a long list of key words.  Repeated hits on key words would certainly get noted in a person’s SIN Record and could eventually affect their SIN Score.  Ongoing offenses would get their conversations eventually listened to.  Depending on what someone might keep talking about, there would be consequences.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 4 Facade
Perfect Plan

Darren and Amber immediately did their normal routine for returning from the outside or anywhere in public.  They carefully walked to the laundry room where they removed their clothes and put them in the washer, and this time along with their newly purchased baby clothes.  Then they vacuumed the floors, furniture and their hair.  Next they took showers.  After showers they vacuumed the floors again.  Finally, they got dressed in clean clothes.
“So what do you think of my idea?” Darren said in a quiet voice.
Amber signed inwardly.  “How would you know to go about tricking our Chips?” she replied, feeling the small bump under the skin on her right hand, about the size of a grain of rice.  “A lot of people have tried it, and we hear all the time about how they end up serving time in the communes.”
“Yes,” Darren responded, “but I’ve also heard that for every one person caught, four were able to successfully increase their SIN Score.”
Amber signed out loud this time.  “How could there possibly be any accurate data on that?  There isn’t.  What you’ve probably heard is government propaganda to keep people doing stupid things so they can continue to increase their captive workforce.”
Darren was quiet for a few moments.  “Yes, I know you’re probably right about that.  But from the research I’ve done on the history of cybercrime, it was often estimated that up to eighty-four percent of cybercrimes were never detected.  The government just simply could not monitor and catch them all, only a relative small percentage.”
“And so,” Amber quickly added, “you want to play the odds of one out of five getting caught?”  She paused and thought about what she just said.  “Maybe those odds aren’t so bad.  If that number is even remotely accurate, maybe it could work.  But that would be only if there are legitimate ways to trick the Chip.”
“There are,” said Darren.
“Such as?” she asked.
“For starters, I’ve been talking with someone at work who has a ‘conversation band.’  It looks like a wrist-watch.  He wears it on his right wrist at night or whenever he isn’t in public.  It transmits a prerecorded inaudible conversation signal with key words designed to add positive SIN Record data.  He’s been wearing it for three months already and his class changed from D2 to C3.  The class change has been accepted by the public scanners.  He’s says in six more months it could help him jump from C class to B,” Darren explained.
Everyone’s class level was easy to check since everywhere people went in public and anywhere they did a transaction there was always a scanner with display screen or audio.  And those scanners were used to maintain order, as well as provide a form of preferential “take a number” whenever there were lines.
In public transport stations, grocery stores, doctor offices—everywhere—people were segregated by class at the lines, the elite getting favored treatment.  If someone got into the wrong line, the monitors would beep loudly and an annoying pre-recorded female voice would sternly discipline the idiot by loudly repeating, “Return to your proper class zone,” until the wanderer physically moved away.  The embarrassment of “the voice” was enough to make people wary of being in the wrong line or trying to sneak.
“Where did he get it?  Has it actually worked on anyone else?” Amber questioned.
Darren replied, “He made it himself and this is the first time he’s tried it.  But like I said, he’s actually seen its effect in the public scanners already.  This thing has real potential.  He said he could make me one.  Would cost a week’s wages…”
“We can barely afford to buy baby supplies,” Amber cut him off.  “How can we afford anything extra, especially now?  And why would he want to help you?”
“He said we could pay a little each month.  He’s not in a hurry.  In fact, he’s also working on some other ideas and said maybe I could help him in getting materials and that could offset some of the cost,” Darren said.
“And he agreed to help me,” he continued, “after I showed him an image of you.”  Darren smiled.
Amber did not smile, but looked concerned.  “It sounds too easy, too good to be true.  And are you serious about showing him my image?  Was it one of your holograms?  Hopefully not one you’ve done while I’ve been pregnant.  And what is he anyway, some kind of pervert?”
Darren didn’t respond to the questions.
Amber actually was a little flattered, because she knew what the whole picture sharing thing meant.  Guys would often “offer” their girl, in jest, as part of a deal and show off a picture or image of her.  If the girl was attractive, that would supposedly help cinch the deal, even though there was no expectation concerning her.  In reality, it was just yet another way for guys to gawk at pretty girls.
Amber kept thinking to herself.  This was the first time Darren had actually followed through with details and a specific plan for how to do something like this.  Maybe he was on to something.  Finally, she said, “Sorry, Darren.  I do trust your judgment.  If you’re confident it will work, and not get you into trouble, it may be worth a try.”
Stoked, Darren enjoyed the rest of the evening with his pregnant wife.
The next day, Darren left for work with what little extra cash he could round up, with Amber’s blessing to buy a conversation band.  One thing that the B, C, and D classes had to be concerned with was how much cash they were carrying at any one time.  Generally, they were expected to pay for everything electronically so that a record of all purchases would exist.  But small amounts of discretionary cash were allowed, more for B class, less for C class, and still less for D class.
All paper money and coins were equipped with a transmitter.  The scanners that were everywhere would total up the cash that everyone carried, compare it to allowable limits, and alarm if the cash carrying threshold was exceeded.  Not only would this cause another loud, repeating, embarrassing reprimand from the stern pre-recorded female voice, “Your cash exceeds your allowable limits,” but it would be noted in the person’s SIN Record as well.  Depending on the amount of cash being carried, it could be immediately investigated and confiscated.
Darren was careful never to carry more cash than allowed.  In fact, Darren was careful to obey all the rules, so as not to cause any red flags in his SIN Record.  Many people in the lower classes felt a sense of hopelessness and anger toward “the system.”  Many people didn’t care about their SIN Score, didn’t see an improvement in their life no matter what they did, so they did whatever they could get away with.  Not Darren.
He was by no means a goody two shoes, though.  Born into an A1 class family in the banking business, Darren took his elite status for granted much of his youth and into his teenage years.
As a teenager, he had experimented extensively with “safe” drugs and alcohol.  “Safe” drugs were marijuana and its by-products, mushrooms, LSD and several others, all legalized half a century earlier.  Nevertheless, although legal, use of any alcohol and “safe” drugs still had an adverse effect on the SIN Score depending on the concentration and frequency of use.  Darren’s SIN Chip had detected these chemicals often in his bloodstream, and his Score felt the effects of the drugs as much as his brain.  Darren’s history of public intoxication, fighting, and causing a disturbance also hurt his Score.
During his teenage years Darren got two girls pregnant (this had no effect on his SIN Score, but the girls’ SIN Scores were affected).  His female addiction also had him frequenting a female escort service, which did offend his SIN Score.
By the time Darren was twenty years old, his A1 status, which he had been born into, had dropped to C1.  Voluntary service in active military duty for two years brought him up to a B3.
At age twenty-two, Darren was dismissed honorably from military service.  On his first night out in the bars to celebrate, he’d met Amber.   She was eighteen, a single D4 mother with a two year old son.
Most guys of any kind of social class status would not even associate with a D4.  But there was something about Amber that fascinated Darren.  Despite being a gorgeous, tall, exotic looking brunette with piercing blue eyes, her intellect immediately captivated him.
He’d strolled right up to her in the bar that night and said, “Hey.  I’m Darren.  I just got out of the military.  Haven’t been able to party like this for two years.  Know any risky ways to have some fun around here?”
The first thing she ever said to him was in reply to his ridiculous introduction.  “Well, first, only morons take risks,” she said.  “And, second, I don’t talk to morons.”  They ended up talking for most of the evening and not even really partying, like the out of control craziness that a lot of Darren’s buddies were exhibiting that night.  But Darren was having more fun than he’d had, well, ever.  Amber wasn’t like any girl he’d ever met.
He found out that she was a D4 when they ordered their first drinks.  While taking their order the drink server’s scanner alarmed and started yakking about a D4 carrying too much cash.  She was totally not embarrassed and simply leaned over to Darren and, smiling, said, “D4 has nothing to do with real class, or money.”  He could see that.
“So you have a kid?” Darren asked her while they sipped on their beers.
“Yes, a two year old son, Bryan.  The father was never really interested, I guess.  But I didn’t want to give up the baby like so many of my friends have, even though it would have made my life a lot easier.  So I stayed living with my parents and they’ve helped me a lot.  Now, I just work and try to be a good mom.”
Darren studied her face as she talked.  She was genuine.  And not like any girl he’d ever dated or even met.  She looked so hot too.  Darren wanted to go home with Amber that night, but when he suggested they go to his place for one last drink she told him, “You haven’t earned anything yet.”  
He was hooked from the first date.  It wasn’t long before they were seeing each other nearly every night.  After three months of dating he asked her to move in with him.  She said she wouldn’t unless they were married first.  With her, it wasn’t a matter of morals, but the legality of it.  She had little to gain financially or socially by moving in with anyone, especially giving up the support of her parents.
But as a B3, Darren would have a lot to lose by marrying a D4.  Still, he told himself that one way or another he’d get her out of her parents’ house, where she was obviously stuck because of her social status.  Plus, he was crazy about her.
Six months later, they were married.  Darren gave up a lot of privileges.  The bump from B3 to C3 as a couple meant a position and pay cut at his job as a diesel engine mechanic.  It also meant he wouldn’t be buying a house any time soon.  But it was worth it to finally bring Amber home to their apartment.
As a diesel mechanic, at least Darren had a job in an in-demand field.  Diesel engines were used for everything from personal and public transport rigs, home and commercial electrical power systems, to big machinery.  It didn’t matter that they were dirty and inefficient compared to the wind farms from decades earlier that had spread like a cancer to pick up the slack from the world’s depleting oil reserves.  The wind farms had generated sufficient affordable “green” electrical energy to nearly render the common gasoline powered automobile extinct by the 2040’s.
But by the mid 2060’s, the largest oil reserve ever discovered in history had been found in eastern Canada.  This cheap energy source made diesel fuel the undisputed standard from then on.  A whole new industry was re-born around the diesel engine.  Even sixty-five years later there was still no debate about using any alternate energy sources.  Good for Darren, because his job was in demand and he already had experience in this field.
Darren and Amber’s flat was expensive.  Childcare for toddler Bryan wasn’t cheap.  Amber’s job at a nearby grocery store didn’t pay much, even though she initially got a pretty good pay raise after getting married because her SIN Score had increased so much.  But money was tight.
Their tight money situation didn’t stop them from wanting another child, though.  Darren wanted to wait a while, but Amber easily got him to agree.  She was good at getting him to do just about anything.  Within two months of their marriage ceremony in Darren’s parents’ back yard, Amber was pregnant.
As a result of the pregnancy, their Score dropped to D1 as they expected it would.  It was automatic.  They didn’t even have to report the pregnancy (and wouldn’t have right away even if they were required to report it).  No human had to be involved.  Amber’s SIN Chip sensed the hormone change, transmitted the data to her SIN Record, and her SIN Score immediately dropped.
With the lower SIN Score came the automatic decrease in their wages too, as they expected.  Darren and Amber had even more trouble affording everything that their young family required.  Amber got more hours at work.  Darren took on another part time job at a news agency, in addition to his already full day as a diesel engine mechanic.
Their parents helped them out some financially, but secretly since it was frowned upon.  If the D class couldn’t support themselves, they were supposed to sink into oblivion.
Darren had a plan, though.  And as he made his way to work that day—the day he’d gotten Amber’s blessing to put a down payment on the conversation band, he suddenly had a flash of genius.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 5 Facade
Tapping the Line

In his research into the Silicon Facades of the 2000 era, Darren had stumbled across an interesting tidbit he hadn’t heard about before.  Even though the freedom to add personal information to the Internet, or as it was now called, the Line, had ended many decades before, all that information was still out there.  It was just blocked from access by most of the classes.
There had been tens of thousands of individual servers and computers storing huge databases of personal information in the decades that followed the year of no return, 2000.  When the big “clamp down” of the Line started occurring in the 2060’s, information did not get deleted.  That would have been impossible to do anyway.  Instead, the information was just suppressed.
The Line was still very much active in the 2130’s, and everything that was ever on the Internet was still there.  New information was continually being added as well.  The only difference was that in the 2130’s it was rare for individuals to have access to personally upload anything to the Line.  Instead, the government, police, employers, health facilities, banks and news sources were the largest contributors to the Line data.
The Line was continually being web-crawled by government agencies for data to add to people’s SIN Records, including from their dead relatives.  What they were specifically looking for was any supplementary information beyond that normally required to be sent directly to the government.  Dirt, rumor, scandal, Uncle Tony’s skeleton closet, great grandpa’s drug problem in this youth, grandma’s church affiliation—it was all fair game.
This is the part that Darren found very intriguing.  The original Internet was still there, being added to, and being trolled for information.  The Silicon Facades were still possible, if someone could just obtain access for uploading information to the Line.
Darren’s part time job as a graphic designer for the news agency might just get him opportunity for access to the Line.  But he’d have to “buy up” his position from graphic designer to one having Line access, a B class Article Researcher.
It was common practice in the workplace to allow employees to “buy up” into a higher class pay scale and position.  The catch was that in return, the employee had a probation period in which they typically had to work either for free for six months, or at half pay for a year.  The terms differed from employer to employer and how far you wanted to buy up.
But the planned results of the Buy Up programs were usually easy money for the company.  There were many eager employees who often overlooked one of the very lures to the Buy Up program, a misnomer that their social position would change when it fact it absolutely would not change.  The Buy Up only involved their work privileges and/or pay scale.  And once in the program, anywhere from half to three quarters of the employees would not last through the probation period, usually because they couldn’t afford to work for free or half pay for as long as they thought.  Out of financial necessity they’d be forced back into their old position or to find another job altogether.  Not surprisingly, the Buy Up program was a hugely popular and profitable arrangement for the company.
At the news agency where Darren worked, a part time Article Researcher position was eligible through the company’s Buy Up program.  So the same day that he put his order in for the “conversation band” with a co-worker at his mechanic gig, he also applied for the Buy Up position at the news agency.  The terms were that Darren would have to work for free for fourteen months, since he was only part time, in order to have B class privileges and pay.  Darren agreed.  Amber didn’t know about it.
The B class Article Researcher position would involve searching the Line for news stories and background facts, posting inquires and requests for information, and, get this, manually uploading finished stories to a list of web pages and web sites for publication.
Automated uploading of anything on the Line was prohibited by law—for the very reason Darren wanted access—so that people couldn’t skew SIN Records through sheer volume of uploaded material.  You could try high volume uploads manually, but Line access cost money and was monitored, both of which discouraged abuse, though not eliminating it.
Darren was stoked about the Article Researcher position.  They let him start immediately.  He planned to learn the ropes for a while at his new position before he would try uploading anything to the Line to benefit himself.  He’d have to figure out the what, how and when logic and be very sure before he tried anything.  But at least now he had plenty of time to work on it.  His job was to learn more about using the Line.  It seemed too good to be true.
On his way home from work that first night he was animated.  This second job had really turned out to be a brilliant opportunity for them.  He couldn’t wait to tell Amber about his day.  Two great plans in the works, he thought.  And plan three was already being formulated.
By the time he got home it was just past nine-thirty, p.m.  His mechanic job had started at eight a.m. and went until five in the afternoon.  He always packed his lunch and dinner so that he could go straight to work at the news agency and put in four hours.  It had been a long day, just like every day.  Luckily, both jobs were within fifteen minutes of home.
Amber had just gotten two year old Bryan into bed and was watching a movie on the Hologramic Image Display (HID).  The usual routine after their long days was to hang out watching HID for a few hours then hit the sack to start the whole routine over again.  Darren and Amber literally had two hours together each evening.  If they wanted more time, then they got less sleep.  This was the schedule six days a week.  They were lucky to both have Saturdays off.
“Hey,” Amber whispered, smiling and looking up as Darren opened the front door, which opened right into the living room of the flat.  After he came in and gave her a kiss, she continued, “How did it go today?  Did you order your wrist band?”  She already had the HID playing a movie and its volume medium loud so that a whispered conversation could not be detected by the Mites.
“Yes, I put a down payment on it,” he answered.  “I’m going to have to pay it off little by little before he’ll give it to me though.  Since I’m working two jobs, I don’t really have time to help him with anything so I can’t really work any of it off.”
“Well, at least you have your other job now so that will help out too,” Amber offered.
Darren looked down and was quiet.
“What is it?” she asked.  “Did something happen at the news agency already?  Is there some trouble?”  She was quick to read him.
“No, there’s not any trouble,” Darren said.  “But something really good did happen.  I’m sorry I didn’t talk with you about this beforehand, but I didn’t want to lose the opportunity.  I applied through the Buy Up program for another position, a position in which I access and use the Line on a daily basis.  It’s a great opportunity to learn the in’s and out’s of using the Line.  I got the job immediately tonight.  There were only two openings.”
“Whoa,” she said.  “So that means you’re probably not getting paid for a while.  Probably twelve months, right?  What are we going to do for money?  Keep asking our parents?”  She didn’t look angry, just hurt.
“Fourteen months for B privileges.  And I don’t like asking our parents for help any more than you do,” he said.  “But they do have the money and are willing.  All we have to do is buy enough time for some of these plans to start working and then we’ll start seeing raises and better times ahead.”
“Assuming we, you, don’t get caught along the way,” she added.  After pausing a few moments, she said, “I suppose we really don’t have a choice.  What else can we do?  Both work two jobs forever to get nowhere?”
Darren resented the constant working.  Being with Amber was so worth it.  But that was the very problem.  They didn’t have enough time together.  Something had to change so that they could have a better life, more time together, more time with little Bryan and time for the baby when it was born.
The only way to get more time was to make more money.  And the only way to make more money was to have a much higher SIN Score.  Darren saw no option but to take the risk of artificially manipulating their SIN Records somehow.  Amber was starting to see that too.
The odds were stacked against people in the C and D classes who were trying to improve their SIN Scores.  Few were ever able to earn their way into the B class.  But those in a B class or higher found so much more opportunity for work, higher pay, lifted social restrictions, better food and clothes, easier travel, better and cheaper housing, and more.
Darren sat down on the sofa beside Amber and put his arm around her.  “We’re not getting enough time together these days.  I just want a better life for us, Bryan, and our baby when it comes,” he said.  “I know there’s risk in what I’m trying to do but there’s risk to our family and the quality of our lives if we don’t take a chance on this now.”
Amber looked at him with the beautiful blue eyes that he had fallen in love with.  “I agree,” she said.  “Just promise that you’ll discuss every step with me before you do anything.  Both of our brains in this are better than just flying solo.”
“Of course I promise,” Darren replied.  “I wouldn’t be able to do anything without you.”

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 6 Facade
Job Perks

The next day at his diesel mechanic job, Darren talked again with the guy who was going to make the conversation band for him.  “Hey Mike,” Darren said, handing him an envelope when he was sure no one was looking.  “Here’s my second payment.  I wish I didn’t have to do it this way.  You know I can’t withdraw and carry too much cash at once.  If I do and get caught by a scanner, it could impact my Score.  But I have the money.  Any chance you’ll give me the band before it’s all paid for?”
“I totally understand,” Mike replied.  “I can’t carry too much cash at one time either so it wouldn’t do any good even if you could bring it to me all at once.”  Mike looked distinguished with his dark skin, tall and lean build, and dark curly hair showing a little gray on the sides.  With his glasses and bigger than normal nose it seemed like he should be teaching physics in front of a classroom rather than spinning greasy wrenches as a mechanic.
“How long do you figure it will take to pay it off at this rate?” asked Mike, already knowing the answer.
“About three more weeks,” replied Darren.
Mike thought for a moment.  “Because I trust you, Darren, I’ll give you the band in two weeks.  Oh, and I’ll give it to you then also because you’re going to show me the image of your lovely lady again.”
“Thanks, I can’t wait,” said Darren, smiling while he pulled out his palm screen and projected the full scale three dimensional hologram image of Amber in front of them.  She looked fabulous in her short shorts and halter top.
“Nice,” Mike said, eyes glued to the image.  It was funny how Mike now all of a sudden wanted to continue chit chatting.  
Darren smiled.  In two weeks he’d have the first part of his plan implemented.  He and Amber both could use the conversation band, taking turns wearing it around the house and if they kept their right arms in close proximity, it could act on both of their Chips at the same time.
That evening at the news agency, Darren began his second night in the new Article Researcher position.  He was fascinated by the fact that he had such easy, unsupervised access to the Line.  He had received some on the job training the first night, consisting of a few hours explanation from a co-worker in that same position, followed by self-training videos.  He was pretty much expected to be up and running after the first day.
Actually, Darren thought it was pretty easy work.  Although the job involved research for information to help the actual article writers, the most mundane part that nobody seemed to like was manually uploading the completed stories to a long list of web sites for publication.  So Darren’s first assigned tasks were not to research, but upload articles.  He thought it was a stroke of luck that he would so quickly end up doing the very thing that gave him an inside track to the Line, and that no one else was even interested in doing, much less supervising him.
Part of what Darren had to do, along with uploading the articles, was to generate a list of “key words” or “tags” to help the article be searchable on the Line.  The tags were words and short phrases from the article.  Also, the tags would include the news agency’s name, author’s name, and anything else relevant to the article or topic in general.  Darren was wondering how he might associate his name to some of these articles.  If he could, then the government web crawlers would pick it up and assign some positive value to his SIN Record, which would eventually help his Score.  This was one of the perks of a B class job.
Darren noticed that many of websites where he was uploading the articles had a Comment form.  He remembered from one of the training videos that he was not precluded from commenting on the articles he uploaded.  In fact, it was encouraged.  And he could use his own name.  So with every article he uploaded that evening, if the subject matter might reflect positively on his SIN Record, he left a response with his name.  Cool perk.
There was another perk to this position that he hadn’t anticipated.  Once he was started actually doing research, he would receive credit by mention of his name in the article’s references.  He had the option to leave it there or remove it, depending on the nature of the article and whether it might help or hurt his Score.  This meant that for every article he helped with research, if it was beneficial to his Score, his name would automatically appear as a “tag.”  
Darren was thrilled about these perks, but also disgusted that the lower classes were not given the same, easy opportunities at Score improvement.  The cards were stacked only in favor of the A and B classes, with prejudices like this assuring the continual division between them and the C and D classes.  It had nothing to do with merit.  It was unjust.
Everyone was well aware that two main objectives were behind the class separation:  Population control and wealth transfer to the twenty percent at the top.  What the idiots at the top didn’t realize was that the bottom eighty percent of the people were the ones actually working to produce most everything.  Without them the pyramid would crumble.
On the other hand, maybe those at the top really did understand and that would explain why they kept the C and D classes in just enough “riches” to bob on the surface, neither sinking nor swimming, perpetually stuck in the slave mode.  The C and D classes were also one of the largest single sources of future slave labor through the giving up of their babies to the labor communes.  Surely this was the most profitable and largest scale extortion in the history of mankind.
Darren thought about these great injustices on a daily basis.  It was a helpful motivator whenever he began to doubt his plans or fear the risks he was taking.  Thinking about the rampant inequality was enough to keep him going steadily forward.  And it was with that in mind that he took a big risk on his second night at the news agency.
Before he left for the night, he decided to search the Line for everything he could about himself, an “unofficial” partial SIN Record, and copy the results to his own personal data chip embedded in his left hand (this was different from the SIN Chip, in his right hand).  It was easy.  He merely searched for his Social Identity Number on the Line.  Immediately a long list of his records came up.  Darren knew his actions were probably being monitored but he copied the eighty-seven pages of data to his personal data chip anyway, signed off the Line for the night and went home.
“You won’t believe all the ways I can help my Score,” was the first thing out of his mouth to Amber when he walked in the door.  “And it’s all legit.  Tonight I used my name in nineteen article comments for the government’s web crawlers to find.  I can do that night after night.  When I start doing research for articles, I can use my name as a tag on any article I want to.”
Amber looked surprised.  “Are you sure about that?  It seems so easy.”
“It is so easy.  And that is the sick, sad thing about our corrupt system.  If you’re an A or B, it’s too easy.  But can you imagine how our Score might improve month after month of stacking the deck in our favor, all because I could buy up into a B position?  The hard work will be worth it.”
“Oh, and other exciting news,” he continued.  “Mike the mechanic is going to give me the conversation band in two weeks.  So we’ll both be able to start using it then.”
“Oh, so his name’s Mike, huh?” Amber said.  “So did you have to flash the shorts and halter top image again?”  She was smiling.
“Works every time,” Darren proudly reported.
Amber looked pretty happy.  “This really is exciting.  I had no idea that you’d be able to take these active steps so soon.  I think you’ve really found something.  I’m proud of you.”
“Yeah, and there’s one more thing.”  Darren pulled out his palm screen and transferred to it the data from his personal data chip.  He then projected the pages of data in front of them.  “Here’s all the data and dirt on me that I just pulled off the Line.” 
Suddenly Amber appeared a little shaken.  “How did you get that?  Were you allowed access?  Surely not.”
“I merely did a search on my SIN and copied the results.  I don’t see the problem with it.”
Amber’s jaw dropped. “You don’t see the problem with unauthorized Line access and copying restricted information?”
“For one, I do have authorized access to the Line.  And my personal data is not restricted to me.  That’s the law.  If I was trying to get someone else’s data that would be another story.  As for the copying part—all I did was project the images in the air like you would for any reader screen and let my personal data chip read them at the same time.  There’s no trace on it.  There’s no record of anything being copied, just viewed.  Piece of cake.”
“Okay, that’s a relief.  So what are you going to do with that information?” Amber asked.
“I’m going to see what the biggest hits are to my Score and then try to specifically counter attack them through my tags and comments at the news agency.”
“Sounds like you’ve thought of everything.  I should be impressed, but...”
“And?” he said.
“Okay, I am.  This is all new to me, and it just seems crazy that you’re doing all this already.  I’m not sure whether to be excited or scared.  Actually, I’m both.”
The next morning, Darren copied his personal data file he’d gotten from the Line over to Amber’s palm screen.  “You have a good sense of cutting to the chase on things.  Can you look at my data and see what you think as far as where the biggest hitters are?”
“Yeah, no problem.  Aren’t you afraid I might see some dirt on you that I don’t know anything about?”  Her blue eyes looked teasingly at him.
“You know all the dirt.  Sorry.  You might find it boring.”
“Damn,” she said.  “I was hoping for a few surprises.”

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 7 Facade
Johnny B & Kendra

Amber knew there were always surprises in the Line data.  And she understood a good deal about how the SIN Score system worked.  Between their own research, personal experiences, and a number of friends’ stories, Darren and Amber had firsthand knowledge of a horrific array of social injustices done at the hands of government agencies, using the SIN Score as a battering ram.
It all began at a young age.  Children always took on the class of their parents until they were sixteen years old.  After that, their SIN Record drove their SIN Score just like everyone else. 
If children rebelled and did stupid things in their youth, it would immediately affect their Score on their sixteenth birthday.  For obvious reasons, sixteenth birthdays were always a huge stressor for both parents and children as no one really knew what all had been recorded in the SIN Record database all the years prior.  But even if there was an unexpected surprise on a sixteenth birthday, there were ways to advance in social class.
Many of Amber’s friends struggled to move up in the classes, some in bizarre ways.  Some achieved success, like her friend,  Kendra, and her husband, Johnny.  John “Johnny B” Mitchel had been in the B class his whole life, pretty much sheltered by his B class parents.  In his youth Johnny had never caused much trouble so at age sixteen he retained a B3 class, much to the joy of his parents.
Johnny was working at a hospital as a Registered Nurse by the time he was twenty years old.  At the hospital he’d met Kendra, twenty-one, who was also a Registered Nurse.  She was in B class as well.  After six months of dating, they decided to get married.  Their parents helped pay for an extravagant wedding and reception at a posh downtown hotel.
Once married, they automatically advanced to the top of B class.  But Johnny and his wife had aspirations to move to the top of A class.  Doing any sort of “buy up” in order to get A class privileges was out of the question, as neither he nor Kendra were willing to work their main jobs for free for six months or more, much less take on a second part time job to work for free even longer.  They had another plan.
During their first year together, Kendra had gotten pregnant.  But she had a miscarriage two months into it.  They tried again and now she was pregnant for the second time.  She was about six months along and everything was looking good.  Even though she could keep working nearly right up until child birth, she was about to take a four month leave of absence from her job, three months prior to the birth and one month recovery.  That was part of their plan.
She and Johnny had already made arrangements with a State agency to accept their newborn baby.  In exchange, the State would authorize her leave of absence for four months (and the hospital had to agree), pay all of her medical expenses, and pay for the last four months of her wages at double the rate.  Then, once the baby was born, and upon transfer of it to the State, Johnny and Kendra would be advanced one whole class level.  For them, it meant going to the top of the A class.
The A class was the easy life.  Easy, high paying work with the best of benefits was available, the best housing, any foods people could want, transportation, freedom to travel, and more.  As long as people didn’t screw it up, they were set for life.  And in case they did screw it up, there was one more safety net.
For providing the State with a lifelong labor slave, Johnny and Kendra were protected from ever going below a B class, despite anything that might ever be added to their SIN Record (except for serious crimes), for the rest of their lives provided they stayed married.  If they ever divorced, then the B class guarantee was gone.
All this, for one child.  For fucking, getting pregnant, and handing over the child after birth.  No wonder that States’ labor programs were thriving, as were their economies.  They had a constant source of wage-free labor.
Kendra couldn’t contain her excitement as she completed the last day of work before her fourth month leave of absence.  That evening, she impatiently waited for Johnny to get home.  When she heard the front door open, she ran to it and threw her arms around him.
“I finally have my freedom, Johnny.  Things have been so good with you.  Thanks for encouraging me when the first baby didn’t work out for us.  I’m glad we stuck to our plan.  After the baby is born and we bump up to A class, you can take any job you want.  I may never go back to work!”  She was beaming.
Johnny already had his arms wrapped around her, and he gently lifted her up and swung her around in a circle as she giggled and clung on to his neck.
“Only the best for my princess.  This is what I told you could be possible back when I proposed to you, huh!  I’m glad you said yes.  I couldn’t have done this without you.  We make a great team.”
Johnny kissed her and took her by the hand as they walked into the living room and collapsed on the sofa, talking for hours about all the stuff they were going to do, and buy, when they reached their goal.
For months, Amber had listened to Kendra going on and on about their plan, week after week, bragging about moving to the A class.  It actually made Amber feel kind of sick.  Was this how the upper classes really thought?
She just couldn’t understand how anyone could trade a baby away so they could have more stuff or just to be a little freer.  If this is what she and Darren were going to turn into, maybe they should rethink their plans before going any further.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 8 Facade
Bethy

Then there was the story Amber’s mom had told her about a girl named Bethy.  The story was designed to scare Amber about ever thinking about giving a baby away to the State in order to get a class advance.  It was a true story.
Bethy had arrived at a State Labor Commune at the age of two days.  The parents were C class and had opted to give their first born to the State in return for the usual incentives.
The State Labor Commune had no shortage of female adults ready and able to care for an infant in the Baby Wards.  The Baby Wards were institutionalized baby raising “machines” staffed by females only.  The setting was communal, not a family unit.  If any female adult was observed getting too emotionally attached to a baby or a baby to her, she would be immediately transferred to another Ward.
Babies instantly identified themselves as part of a community, not individual family.  Bethy was placed in Baby Ward 5, and cared for round the clock by a dedicated staff of twenty-seven females, whose soul job in the commune was raising about seventy-five babies at a time.  They weren’t just any females.  They were supermoms, selected, trained, and observed to possess the best communal baby raising talents.
At the age of two, Bethy was moved to Young Child Ward 8, where another group of supermoms raised her and a hundred other toddlers.  Every two years, she advanced to the next Ward.
By age ten she was moved to the Work Prep Ward.  There she was aptitude tested to determine the best type of work she’d be most suited for.  She spent the remaining time up to her twelfth birthday training for her vocation.
By the age of twelve, most of the children were made full time workers.  What they did all depended on their personally, aptitude, training, and education.  They were individually groomed for the occupation that would yield maximum production efficiency in the work place.  Bethy was trained and ready by age twelve to be a food prep worker, in the fresh vegetable Garden to Table program.  Her job was to help wash, slice, and package fresh vegetables and fruit for the daily mess hall meals that everyone partook of.
Raising children at a labor commune was not a problem.  In fact, the children thrived.  There was a sense of work, community, and lots of play for the children.  Entire facilities were geared to raising them, educating them, and indoctrinating them to a lifetime membership.
Children were culturally raised to accept a life of service to the State.  They didn’t complain.  At least not after the first few times they were caught complaining.  And with few exceptions, no one left or even considered it.  They were raised and taught with much propaganda from day one that the outside world was largely unfriendly and unsafe.
One exception to a lifetime of service in the labor communes could be granted to pretty females.  The Marriage to Freedom program allowed State owned female slaves to be married out to free people, for a specified period of time or permanently.  The price was a sizeable sum of money and the agreement to provide two newborn babies back to the program within a five year span, regardless of whether the female was the actual mother or not.
Only the very pretty females were lucky enough to be posted on the Line for the A and B class to discover.  Maybe lucky wasn’t the right word.  Although they were pretty, they usually didn’t make very good wives or do well on the “outside,” having been raised without any of the emotional bonds that would come from a family unit.  They knew nothing about being faithful to a husband.  Usually, they were less happy in their free lives unless there was a lot of counseling available.
That is why a temporary marriage, with the option of permanence, was the best arrangement for all parties.  It was also most lucrative for the State, as they got a sum of money, another two souls, and in all likelihood the woman back eventually.
Unfortunately, according to Amber’s mother’s story, Bethy did not qualify for the Marriage to Freedom program.  Her parents must have fallen from an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down because her looks would not grant her any such opportunity of escape from the State commune system.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 9 Facade
Music Man

When Amber and Darren were first married, they used to do the whole party and live music scene.  They had a number of local band favorites.  One musician, Dan, became pretty good friends with them.  They’d often watch him and his band perform, and hang out together afterwards.  Darren and Amber were still in shock at what happened to Dan.  They blamed the class separation system for it.
For some fishy reason, the majority of musicians, actors, and artists were in the C class.  Were they musicians, actors, and artists because they were in C class, or were they in C class because they were musicians, actors, and artists?  Most research pointed to the latter.  Their independent, go-against-the-grain, dreamer attitudes were opposite the States’ conservative, conformist views.  And that affected their SIN Record and SIN Score from day one.
A hundred plus years before, in the early 2000’s, many musicians, actors, and artists were able rise to a level of social prominence.  Rock Stars, Movie Stars, Fashion Models and the like were among the best paid and most popular people in society.
With the clamp down of the Line in the 2060’s, these stars were less and less in the news.  Or, in reality, such news was less and less accessible by the mainstream.  And by the time the SIN Record became the new norm in the 2130’s, there was no longer an elite status given to musicians, actors, and artists merely because they might be popular—in fact, quite the opposite was true.
The government generally regarded such personalities as non-conformists.  Their official name in the SIN database was MAABER—Musicians, Actors, and Artists Barely Earning Revenues.  No matter how good they might be, they generally couldn’t make enough money to be considered a viable industry.  It wasn’t really their fault though.  They weren’t free to travel anywhere they wanted.  So any fan base and fame they might have would only be local, and not highly profitable.
There was no way to reach the masses.  Even though the C and D class made up nearly eighty percent of society, they had little access to the Line or any other effective means to share ideas on a grand scale, like their love of some hot new music group.  As such, they were not a driving force to give fame to anyone through their popular culture.  They no longer had a popular mainstream culture.  Only pockets of local influence in underground cult followings existed.
Popular music was controlled by State Music Stores, much like liquor was controlled by State Liquor Stores in the old days.  Home brew and good old moonshine weren’t welcome.  Neither was rock music.
Such was the climate that Dan the music man grew up in.  With his electric guitars, long hair, and colorful flowing clothes, he looked like one the ancient hippies from the 1970’s. Electric guitars were to 2130’s pop music what a banjo would have been to 1970’s rock music.  A joke.
Rock music in the 2130’s was not popular thanks to State censorship.  The State pushed rock music in the same way they encouraged old church hymns played on a pump organ.  Not at all.  They purposely made rock music out to look tired, old, worn out, been there done that and got the ugly tie die shirt.
The State made the claim that rock music was the undoing of society, much as old church hymns were the undoing of the church a hundred plus years earlier when a younger generation just didn’t get it anymore.
And they had no trouble finding bad rock and roll examples to make their point.  All they had to do was pick any number of “glam rock” pretty boy bands from the 1980’s.  The State’s official position on rock music was that it was a rot to any good society.  But it was not illegal.
Despite the general lack of enthusiasm from the public and especially the young, who knew no better, music man Dan was trying to keep the old rock music alive in his local underground cult following.  It was like pulling teeth, even though there had been a recent interest in rock music a few decades earlier.
In 2112, the music from an ancient rock group, Rush, had a small revival thanks to the rediscovery by the underground music scene of Rush’s album titled, “2112.”  It was a cult sensation.  Rock music had been forgotten for some time, and the young suddenly seemed to re-embrace it.  Rock music was a fad for a few years in pockets of the underground, but never really caught on in mass.  This was only because mass communication through the Line or other means was not possible among the majority C and D class population.
But Dan persisted in resurrecting old classic rock songs from the 2000 era and performing them live with his band, Old Hat, wherever and whenever they could get gigs.  They were something of an oddity, a band with only electric guitars and bass, and a real, antique acoustic drum set.  They did, however, have a small loyal following.
Dan dreamed of fame and fortune, largely unattainable in his C class.  Being a musician pretty much kept him in the C class.  But he had an idea that could launch him into stardom, fortune, and upper class.
One way out of the lower classes was to make a lot of money.  No matter what a person’s history and SIN Score, once they acquired a certain amount of money or annual income, they automatically bumped into B class (which also meant someone in B class got bumped downward).  The reasoning was that if people figured out how to make a bunch of money, then they could now pay a large amount of tax, too.  So they were encouraged to keep it up by allowing them a better lifestyle.
One major fear of people in the B class was to be bumped by C class big earners (of course, B class people who gave a baby to the State were generally protected from this).  This motivated the B class to keep working hard, even though their lives were much easier.
For Dan, making a lot of money first meant getting famous.  He had a hunch that the masses were starved for good rock music.  They didn’t know good rock music.  The government propaganda machine had ruined common folks’ view of it.  If enough of them could hear some good songs, they would demand it from the State Music Stores.  And if a lot of money could be made, the State would give in.
It would take getting some music and video to go viral on the Line enough to get noticed by a big portion of the A and B classes, which were only one fifth of the population.  But if enough of them liked something, it could start a market drive.  Any big sensation in the upper classes would trickle down to the lower classes as it always did.
Getting something to go viral had not been achieved by anyone from the general public in over seventy years since the big clamp down of the Line started in the 2060’s.
While Dan dreamed of methods to get his 2000 era sounding rock tunes, like Tullorama, to go viral, he had an unfortunate accident.  He was the unintended victim of a stray bullet one night in a bar room brawl that turned ugly while Old Hat was showcasing a new set of his songs.
Guns were so old-school and antiquated.  Who would even have one, except someone that the class system had ousted to the point of desperation?
Darren and Amber were in the bar the night of the shooting and were horrified.  Even though it was a freak mishap, they blamed the government system for poisoning the whole music scene and creating a violent, banished underground society.
They visited Dan in the hospital every day, but he did not last a week.  While they grieved the loss of their friend, they were even more saddened and shocked by the story of a woman they had met in the same hospital wing the week they visited Dan.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 10 Facade
I’ve Fallen and I Can’t Get Up

On the second day that Darren and Amber came to visit their musician friend, Dan, in the hospital, Gwen was sitting in a wheel chair in the hallway of the same wing.  She had a bandage wrapped around her head, covering her eyes.  Amber immediately felt compassion for her and stopped to ask how she was doing.
“Yesterday I was free.  Today I’m a prisoner in a dark world,” Gwen reported gloomily.  She told her story to them.
Once inside the State Labor Communes, there are few opportunities for freedom.  But if somebody wanted to give up a kidney, hand, or knee cap, they may be in luck thanks to the Medical Buy Out program.
Gwen was in great health, head of a communal housing building cleaning crew, and owned by the State since birth.  As luck would have it, at age thirty-six she received an offer to leave the labor commune through the Medical Buy Out program.
There is one thing worth mentioning about this program.  People didn’t sign up for it.  They were selected.  It was involuntary.  It was mandatory, depending on what useful body parts someone had and how much someone on the outside was willing to pay for them.
The program was simple.  If someone from A or B class needed an organ or limb or bone transplant, they could buy someone out of a labor commune for a high price.  The person would give up the body part, then live in relative freedom starting in D class on the outside in a special institution set up specifically for the Medical Buy Outs.
The Medical Buy Outs were for the most part disabled after the deal was completed, mildly to severely depending on the body part taken from them.  So they needed some help living and coping with their missing part.  That help did not come from the State, though.
The institutions, little more than D class housing with low paid oversight staff, were paid for in half by the person receiving the body parts and half by the medical institution performing the operation.  In reality, insurance companies paid it all.  The State paid nothing.
Gwen was a perfect match for the right blood type, eye color and good eye sight.  So on one otherwise normal Thursday morning, she went from a sense of community and every need met in the labor commune to the hospital where they’d performed the procedure to remove her eyes just that morning.  Now she was forever blind and would live in near poverty conditions on the outside.
Most of her bills would be paid for life, though.  And any money she could make from working on the outside would be tax free.  There was opportunity to move up from the bottom.  It would be more difficult for her, though, having lost her eyes.
Gwen had a long way to go.  She would have to learn to live without eyes, enjoy without seeing.  But at least she’d never set foot in a labor commune again.  That was impossible.  They generally didn’t take the disabled, and found ways to get rid of anyone who became disabled.
She must have pissed off someone from the State, good.  An eye donation was one of the most severe Medical Buy Out options.  Maybe she wouldn’t put out.  It was common for State inspectors, regulators, and administrators of the labor communes to help themselves to whatever woman they wanted.
After hearing Gwen’s story, Amber burned with anger towards the State’s inhumanity and injustices in the labor communes.  Amber told Darren later that day, “If we ever do anything to help the State, we should be shot.”

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 11 Facade
Bump in the Night

As bad as the State programs were, there was occasionally a twist of unintended justice.  One of Darren’s friends, Barney, told him a very entertaining story about his sudden rise to the upper social class.  It was particularly encouraging, since the portion of the population allowed in the upper social classes was limited.
Why such a limit mattered had long before been forgotten.  At a point of ridiculous many decades earlier, some government policy advisory board had arbitrarily decided that the number of people in the A and B classes should be capped at a total of twenty percent of the population.  Arbitrary, because no one could give a decent explanation as to why four fifths of the remaining population should be dumped into lower classes.
But it was the law, and had been for decades.  It kept the rich, rich.  It kept the labor communes full of slaves.  It ensured a continual supply of babies becoming property of the State.  It kept all kinds of lucrative deals being made with the State in hopes of one poor schmuck after another moving up a notch or two in the social ladder.  The Economy had never been better.
No matter how it was sliced, there was limited room in the upper class.  Someone moves up, someone gets bumped.  And not at the discretion of a human panel of sympathetic experts who want to see justice done.  Nope.  Computer algorithms impersonally did it all.  Like the spin of some cyber slot machine.  Your number’s up, or three lemons.
As Sean plodded along in life as a twenty-four year old medical field professional, he found himself with a decent SIN Score and a B3 class position.  In fact, he’d been a B3 all his life.  And there was no reason to think he wouldn’t soon be getting married, moving to B1 status, then eventually into the A class through some deal making.  Who knows, maybe a baby or two from whatever willing breeding bitch he could find.  She had to be a looker though or it wasn’t worth it.
Shawna was the perfect mate.  The fact that their names were so coincidental “seems like a sign” she had said on their first meeting.  If you were stupid enough to believe in signs, Sean had thought.  And, my oh my, what a looker!  Blond, big boobs, athletic build, wide hips, has a paying job.  On his first date with her, he’d managed to get a full scale hologram shot of her in a short skirt which he then forwarded to all his male friends, asking their opinion on the potential breeding material.  “Three thumbs up,” they all had replied.
In no time he had proposed to Shawna.  She couldn’t have been happier to be engaged to this dashing man of upstanding social status.  Everything was pointing upward for Sean, three thumbs, family expansion, financial and social status.  It really was looking hopeful.   Except for the Barney thing.
Barney was a C1, and had just been accepted for a Buy Up program through his employer, Quivering Beef Packing Co.  At nineteen years old, he lived with his C class parents who insisted he take this opportunity.  “We’ll financially support you during your probation period, Barn,” his dad told him while his mother nodded her head in agreement.  She added, “All you have to do is make it six months, honey, and you’re a B3.  The whole world will open up to you.”
Barney knew he was fortunate to have such loving, decent parents.  He knew he would make it.  And he did.  As his last day of probation ended, he celebrated by taking his parents out to dinner using the meager change he’d made working on the side.
That same day was Sean and Shawna’s wedding.  As she undressed that evening, Sean secretly shot a full scale hologram of her naked.  He quickly forwarded it to his friends.  “See what you’re missing?” was the message he sent.
The first reply was, “Looks like you’re about to work on your ticket to A class.  Hope she gets pregnant this month.”
In the morning, Barney checked his class rating.  B3.  He thanked and hugged his parents.
Sean and Shawna woke up in each other’s arms the first morning of their honeymoon.  “Welcome to B1,” Sean said, reaching for his palm screen.
As he projected the image above the bed where they lay, she screamed.  “C3. C4?  What the hell, Sean?  I thought you said we were going to move up in class.”
The thrill of the honeymoon was quickly over!   All of a sudden, in their seemingly perfect life they were only one mistake away from D class, or a pregnancy away.  And Shawna was pregnant.  Like what had happened to Darren and Amber, being pregnant in the C or D classes dropped people even lower in class.  Sean and Shawna soon were bumped down to D class.
Maybe the system had some justice after all.  Even accidental justice was better than none.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 12 Facade
Crime Pays

Another thing that really bothered Darren and Amber was how the government treated disabled people.  Criminals could get help, disabled people could not.
When the SIN Record became the golden standard in the 2130’s, prisons had already been outmoded for two decades.  There was no need.  Labor communes always needed more and more subjects.  The only challenge was indoctrinating a hardened criminal used to selfish indulgence to a communal way of life.  It was one thing to raise a child from birth to fully accept the labor commune as a worthy environment.  But anyone who had had unbridled freedom didn’t cave so predictably.
That’s where “4M” technology came into play.  The Marshall Mind Manipulating Mode (4M) devices, named after an early pioneer of this technology, Everett Marshall, had been advancing for half a century.  4M technology was at the point where predictable behavior modifications could be made.  “Rehabilitation” was the latest rage.  And that was how criminals conformed to the State Labor Communes without incident.
The 4M treatments didn’t hurt either.  Not at all.  In fact, they were as good as many a sought after drug.  4M treatments had already been used for decades in place of traditional drug therapies.
With 4M treatments now commonplace among the general public, whether free or slave, both crimes and suicides had decreased dramatically.  These treatments were given lots of publicity because they really worked.  It was widely known that if things got too bad, too out of control, too crazy, then there was real treatment available.
The problem was, 4M treatments were seldom available or affordable to the C and D classes for medical uses.  More drastic measures were required from the lower classes to get help for health issues.
One such desperate measure was the Volunteer for Labor program.  This was yet another State initiative to get more people into the labor communes as permanent slaves.  The main drawback with this program was that the State did not officially accept disabled people into the labor communes.  Their sometimes vague definition of disabled was really just a built-in means to allow them to reject anyone from the program.
Why the State felt it important to have this “out” didn’t really make sense because the government could pretty much do what it wanted anyway.  But the real result of not accepting handicapped people was the basic undoing of the Volunteer for Labor program.
After all, who in their right mind would volunteer to give up their freedom for a life sentence in the labor communes, unless they were really down and out?  Yet those who were really down and out were also usually not in their right mind.  So they were labeled “Mentally Disabled” and typically rejected from Volunteer for Labor anyway.
This caused a big problem for all those down and out people who had nothing left to live for, who were willing to trade their freedoms for State housing, meals, work, and free 4M treatments that would probably make them well.  There was usually but once choice left.
Unofficially known in free society by the C and D classes as the “Crime Pays” program, it was a common joke that if you just committed a serious enough crime, you’d be taken care of the rest of your life.  It was the loophole to get around the Volunteer for Labor disability rejection issue.
Criminals had to be dealt with by the State regardless of whether they had a disability or not since there were no prisons.  There were special Wards at the labor communes to house disabled criminals who could not be fully rehabilitated by 4M treatments back to full productivity.
The handicap Wards were staffed by people specifically trained for the task.  Many mental disabilities could be overcome or at least diminished with ongoing 4M treatments.  And people with physical handicaps could still do plenty of work.
The big irony was that the State did ultimately accept disabled people into the labor communes.  People just had to commit a serious crime first.  Surely the government was not so stupid as to ignore the simple solution to the Volunteer for Labor program failures—get rid of the dumb “no disability” requirement.
Darren and Amber wondered why the State would want and expect serious crimes to be committed as a way out for people.  It just didn’t make sense.  It was almost an encouragement for people to take a lot of risk to get ahead on the outside, because there was always a backup plan if things didn’t work out.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 13 Facade
Darren’s Surprise

At the grocery store, Amber went through the normal routines of stocking shelves and cleaning.  She had her palm screen with her as always, so in between tasks she could take a quick look at Darren’s data from the Line.  It was actually quite fascinating to see what information about him was on the Line.
There was stuff about him from long before they were married.  Restaurants frequented, grocery store purchases, liquor buys, clothes charges; it was all in summary form over various time periods.  Quantity and price totals.  After a while of searching, it began to get pretty boring, though.
So this is what’s on the Line, huh? Amber thought.  Pretty mundane shit.  I don’t get what all the hype is about.
Later on while she was on lunch break, Amber was able to bring up the data again, this time on larger air projection so she could scroll through a lot more data quicker.  Then she spotted something.  The name, Amy.  And more, Amy, Amy, Amy.  What the heck? she thought.
Amber was stunned.  “Who is this Amy bi-otch?” she said.  A coworker in the lunch room looked up at Amber.  “Sorry, just reading a funny caption,” Amber lied.  Scrolling through the data, she found some more disturbing information.

DARREN CROSS/AMY FORTIN ENGAGEMENT SEPT 18
DARREN CROSS/AMY FORTIN MARRIAGE TO FREEDOM
CLASS ADVANCE
DARREN CROSS/AMY FORTIN BABY CLASS ADVANCE
DARREN CROSS/AMY FORTIN BABY CLASS ADVANCE
AMY FORTIN RETURN TO COMMUNE

The Social Identity Number was right there.  It was Darren, her husband.  She was fuming mad now.  He had never mentioned that he was married before.  That was only about four years earlier.  And he and this Amy had some babies together?  What the hell?  Immediately she called Darren at work.
“What the hell, Darren?  You said the Line data about you was going to be boring.  It was anything but that.”
“What are you talking about?  What did you find?” Darren asked, sounding a little nervous.
“Amy, Amy, Amy.  That’s what I found.  You and some Amy Fortin.  Who the fuck is that bi-otch and why didn’t you tell me you were married before.  And you gave babies away?”
“Hold on, Amber.  It’s not what you think.”
“How can you say that, Darren?  Your SIN is right there so I know it’s you.  You and this little Amy chick.  And you got her from a labor commune?  I’ve heard all about the Marriage to Freedom program and why guys do that.  I thought I knew you better.”
It’s true that the Marriage to Freedom program, available to the A and B class, allowed a form of bidding on pretty woman posted on the Line “for sale” for a hefty sum of money.  It was a very profitable and popular initiative of the labor communes.  The reputation of the program, however, was that it was just a rich, ugly, loser guy’s way of buying a slave and making her his whore.  It was not known as a good way to find a wife for life.
Amber was insulted on two levels.  Not being told about a former marriage.  And that marriage being in the form of a Marriage to Freedom woman.
“So, you don’t deny it?” Amber challenged.
“But Amber, I can explain.  Please let…”
“No, Darren.  I’m not sure there’s anything you could say right now that would make me feel any better.”
Click.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 14 Facade
Homecoming

As Darren headed home from work, he felt very agitated.  It had not been a good day.  He had hoped this secret would never have to come out.  “Ahh!  Why did I give her that data?” he said out loud.  What was he going to tell her when he got home?
The whole Amy thing had been quite a roller coaster ride.  He thought any public records about that had been destroyed or at least hidden.  What were they still doing out on the Line?  He had a few paper records, but they were hidden.  He thought this nightmare had been long behind him.  Now he was going to have to do a lot of explaining to Amber or she may never trust him again.
A little over four years earlier, on his eighteenth birthday, Darren had received quite the birthday present from his A class father.  As Darren watched a new movie on the Hologramic Image Display (HID), his father came into the living room holding up a palm screen and projected a file with about a dozen holograms of pretty girls with descriptions.  Darren paused the HID.
“This is going to be the best birthday present you ever get.  Here it is.”  He brought up one of the holograms to life size right in the middle of the room.  “If you could have any one of these girls, which one would you pick?”  He started flipped through the images, one by one.  All stunningly pretty girls.
“Are you kidding?  What do you mean by have?”
“You can have one of these girls for as long as you want,” his father said.  “They live in a commune now.  But whichever one you pick will be free to come live with you.  There are some rules for keeping her, but we can talk about that after she gets here.”
“Live with me for how long?” Darren asked.
“Forever, or for as long as you want her to.  It’s the Marriage to Freedom program.”
His father left Darren to study the profiles of pictures, descriptions, ages, and voice samples.  After about ten minutes, Darren called to his father and projected his favorite into the room.
“This one,” he said.  “Amy Fortin.”  Amy was a beautiful, sixteen year old brunette.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes,” said Darren.
Within the week, Amy was delivered to the house in a State truck, just like a package ordered on the Line.  Darren was stunned when he opened the door.  With Darren’s father standing beside him, nodding his approval to sign the marriage forms, Darren signed several document screens that the driver presented to him.  And that was that.  Darren’s father said, “Happy birthday, son,” and left the room.
There she was, standing in front of Darren holding a small bag of personal belongings.  She looked like she had been crying, unsure of the situation.  Her clothes looked like hand me downs from last decade.  Yet she looked even more stunning than the hologram images he’d seen.
“Hi, I’m Darren.”  He held out his hand.
“Amy,” she said, weakly shaking his hand.
 “So, I guess we’re married now.”
“Guess so,” she said.  A tear rolled from one of her eyes.
“It’ll be okay,” Darren reassured her.  “I know this must seem so awkward and strange to all of a sudden be brought here.  Did you know what was going to happen today?”
Amy was quiet for a few moments.  “Three days ago, I was told by the Ward mother that I was chosen for the Marriage to Freedom program.  Everyone knows about this program.  For most of my life I’ve heard about how pretty girls leave the labor commune to gain their freedom.  But all the stories weren’t so glamorous.”  She paused.
“What do you mean?” Darren asked.
“Surely you’re not that dense.”  She looked at him, took a deep breath and sighed heavily.  “The biggest rumor is that the girls end up as sex slaves to mostly ugly, dirty old rich men.  Can you imagine what’s been going through my head the last three days?”
“Those were the longest most dreadful three days of my life, waiting to find out where I was going.  They don’t give you any information beforehand about who bought you.  I wanted to kill myself.  And I might have, except they immediately put me on 4M treatments.”
“The treatments made me feel pretty good and instead of worrying I started fantasizing about my prince.  I had some hope that this might actually be a good thing.  But I knew I might be disappointed.  I had to just accept whatever might happen.  If it turned out that I went to some ugly old shit then I had Plan B.”
She smiled slightly.  “I was very relieved to see you and your father today and then find out it was you that I was marrying.”
Smiling at her reassuringly, he said, “I think you lucked out pretty good.”  Arrogance was one of Darren’s strong personas.  “So, what was Plan B?”
“That doesn’t matter, because now it’s obvious I don’t need it.”  Amy was beginning to look a little more relaxed.  “So, what do you do?  Where do you live?  Oh, and happy birthday I guess.”
Darren told her a little about his life and how he still lived at home.
“Are your parents rich?” she asked.  “They must be.”  She looked a little intrigued.
“I guess they must be.  My father bought you for my eighteenth birthday present,” he said, with a big grin.
She seemed really concerned all of a sudden.  “So I’m some kind of birthday toy.  Are you sure you won’t outgrow me like some birthday pony?”
“I’m not a kid anymore,” he said.
“Am I just going to be your play toy for sex until you get tired of me?  Or were you planning a real marriage?”
“Ah, well, I only just saw your hologram a week ago and...”
She cut him off.  “What?  You probably picked me out of a lineup because you liked how I look and thought I’d be good in bed.  You probably never have really thought of marriage before, have you?  And probably only now because that’s just part of the deal.”
“Just how much did you pay for me anyhow?  And what do you expect me to do now?  Jump into bed with you because you own me?  Well, it’s not going to be that easy.”  She crossed her arms and stared at him.
As she stood there waiting for an answer, Darren saw what a rare beauty Amy was.  This was a side of her that was impossible to see from the Line profile.  He was awestruck.  What a rocket!  Such attitude.  If he didn’t already think she was a knock out, he sure would now.  He could tell she was pretty dang smart and not a pushover by any means.  That was a big turn on.  And a challenge.
Darren didn’t want to blow it with her right from their very first meeting, so he thought carefully before answering.  “Honestly, I didn’t quit know what to think about this whole marriage thing.  But there was something about you that made me want to try.  And now that I’ve met you, I want to make it work even more.”
Amy was surprised by his answer and didn’t know what to say.  She couldn’t argue with his reply.  It was reassuring to know that he was willing to work on some kind of relationship with her and not just expect her to be his sex slave.
She also knew that the Marriage to Freedom program was a non-refundable, non-returnable deal.  Even though she could have been totally screwed over by being purchased by some bastard, Darren could have just as easily picked some psycho-chick too.
What people on the outside didn’t realize was that the pretty girls with emotional and psychological issues were quite often intentionally put in the Marriage to Freedom program to farm out to unwitting buyers.
So Darren was lucky he didn’t get screwed too.  At least not yet.  And definitely not tonight, Amy thought to herself.
Amy felt so relieved.  She was safe for now.  She’d wait until later to drop the bombshell on him.
“What do you have to eat here?” she asked.  “I’m starving.”
 
¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 15 Facade
More Dirt

After Amber hung up on Darren, she reviewed more of the Line data until her lunch break was over.  Nothing more stood out.  As she worked that afternoon she couldn’t stop thinking about the Amy thing and what that was all about.  Why hadn’t Darren told her about it?  She felt like not going home that night.  But at the same time, she couldn’t wait to get to him to find out the truth.
She had one more afternoon break at three o-clock and found a quiet corner in a back storage area behind the main grocery store so she could get serious about perusing the data.  Something just kept bugging her about Amy.
She did a search for “Amy” in the data Darren had given her and saw what looked like a bunch of gibberish numbers and letters.  There was something about a code match affair.

AMY FORTIN, A = 1, M = 13, Y =25
FULL CODE = 39
ALPHA LETTERS CODE MATCH AFFAIR
A = 1, M = 13, B = 2, E = 5, R = 18
FULL CODE = 39

“Affair?” Amber said out loud.  “What the f…?”  And then it hit her.  He must have still been seeing this Amy after she and Darren were married.  Maybe they were still seeing each other now.  Did Amy work at the news agency—is that how he got the job and the Buy Up promotion so soon?  Hmm.
Amber was so upset at this point, that she stopped at the restroom and splashed cold water on her face.  She felt sick, nauseous.  How could she possibly keep working today with such unanswered questions looming?  Finding her boss in the office, Amber walked in and stood in front of her desk.  Her boss knew something was wrong.
“What’s wrong, Amber.  You look terrible.”
“Oh, I’m suddenly feeling pretty sick.  Maybe it was something I ate at lunch.  I just don’t think I can finish out the day.  Can I go home now?”
“Yes, of course.  I don’t think we’ll need to call anyone else in.  It’s pretty close to the end of your shift anyway.  Let me know later this evening how you’re doing and if you won’t be able to come in tomorrow.”
Amber left the grocery store, still fuming mad.  If Darren didn’t have a good answer for all this crap, she was going to take little Bryan and leave.  Actually, what good answer was there, anyway?  He didn’t deny a marriage and children with Amy.  And it looked like they continued to see each other even after his real marriage to Amber.  That was inexcusable.
She was thinking maybe she should just pick Bryan up from daycare and go to her mother’s place, when she got a call.  It was Darren.
“Hey Amber, I’m still at work.  But I’ve asked to leave an hour early so we can have some time to talk before we pick up Bryan.  I still have to go to my other job so that’s the only time we can really talk in person.  Is there any chance you can get off early?”
“I don’t know, Darren.  What’s there to talk about?  You’ve already admitted to a marriage and kids with that Amy.  This afternoon I found some more dirt.  I found some weird code entry with Amy’s name.  Something about an affair.  Darren, really?!  You continued to see her after we were together?”
“Okay, this is crazy talk.  There is no affair, never was.  I’ve been faithful to you all along.  And as for Amy, like I said before, there is a good explanation.  But’s it’s not something I want to talk about on the phone.  Please try to get off early and come home.  I’ll be waiting for you.”
Amber sighed heavily after a pause.  “Okay, Darren.  I’ll try to get off early.  But I am feeling so hurt right now.  I hope you have a good explanation because I’m so upset I was thinking of going to my mother’s.”
“Well, you won’t want to leave after I explain things to you.  See you soon.  I love you, Amber.  Trust me.”
Amber had actually left work two hours before her shift was over.  So she would beat him home by an hour or so.  She planned to dig more into the Line data that he’d given her to try and find anything else that needed explaining.  Not only that, but Darren had some home efiles and a box of something in the storage room that she’d never had a reason to nose in.
It was time to finally see what Darren had been hiding from her ever since they met.
 
¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 16 Facade
Amy’s Saga

Amy finished the meal that Darren’s mother prepared for them, and thanked her.  Darren’s parents seemed nice enough.  They asked a few general questions about her but nothing too deep.  They probably already thought they knew a lot about her, commune raised and all.  It was fairly common knowledge what all went on in the labor communes.
Darren’s father, Merlin, kept staring at her throughout the meal.  It made her feel a little uneasy, especially now knowing that it was his father’s idea to buy her.  It was his money that bought her too.  She hoped he didn’t have some sort of owner entitlement issue, even though she was married to Darren.
Dawn, Darren’s mother, asked many polite questions but had a disapproving look most of the time.  No doubt, they knew the reputation of the Marriage to Freedom program and how it was used by the rich to buy a pretty, slave whore.  Dawn probably wondered how it could ever work with her eighteen year old son.  Or maybe she was not pleased that Merlin had bought his son a whore.  Or maybe she thought Merlin wanted a whore on the side.  Whatever the case was, Dawn was little more than polite to Amy and not really too interested in her personally.
Glad to finally be done eating and hopefully done with the parents’ questions, Darren and Amy excused themselves and went to the living room.
“So what do you think of my parents?” Darren asked.
“They seem nice enough, though I think they both think I’m some kind of whore.  They didn’t seem to take a real interest in me, other than your father looking at me like a piece of meat and your mom seeing me as a threat.”
There was that firecracker again.  Darren found it hard not to be drawn to her wit and cut-to-the-chase attitude, especially coming from such an attractive package.  It was so refreshing after growing up in a bland, milk and toast family.  His parents rarely raised their voices.  Everything was always calm and predictable.  And kind of boring.  That’s one reason why Darren found it so irresistible to create a lot of excitement in his youth.  That was the same reason why he found Amy so compelling.
“It’s not you,” Darren said.  “My parents are just nice, superficial, boring people.  That’s how they always talk.  They don’t seem real interested in anything.  Even me.  I think they love you.  They just don’t know how to express it.”
Amy smiled.  She wasn’t sure whether to believe him.  But his answer sure sounded good.  She was beginning to see a persona of Darren that she found likeable.  He was a risk taker and a rebel, the opposite of his parents.  She enjoyed that.  Maybe this thing with Darren was going to work in some way.
But if she was going to give it an honest go, she thought she’d better come clean about something.  She took a moment to gaze at this innocent, dark hared kid with the hunky build and attractive good looks.  Sorry Darren, she thought.
“I’m four months pregnant.”  Boom!
Darren was shocked.  “What?  How can that be…”
She didn’t wait for him to finish. “I must have had sex four months ago, that’s how.  Did you think you were getting a virgin?  Are you that naïve?  Do you think that anyone that ever comes out of the communes for the Marriage to Freedom program is a virgin?  Nope.  I’m sorry, Darren.  That’s just not reality.”
“I’m sorry, Amy.  I didn’t mean it that way.  I wasn’t complaining about that.  I know that the communes want everyone to have babies so I would expect virgins to not last very long in there.  I’m just surprised that they let someone, you, leave when…”
Cutting him off again, she finished the sentence.  “When I’m knocked up?  Come on, Darren.  Do you think they really care one way or the other?  They get their money just the same.  At least they’re not doing some bait and switch for an ugly girl.  Now that would be a big surprise wouldn’t it?”  She smiled big at Darren.
He laughed out loud.  Man, she was good.  He’d never met a girl like this before.
“Besides,” she continued, “one of your baby criteria will be met early, so that’s a plus.”
Darren’s father had actually filled him in on the baby criteria so he wasn’t surprised by that piece of information.  But he was stunned at her candor.  “How can you say that?  Doesn’t the idea of giving up your baby bother you at all?”
“No it doesn’t,” she said without emotion.  “No one ever raises their children in the commune.  Mothers don’t even see them.  They’re born behind a curtain and taken immediately to the Baby Ward.  That’s just life.  We’re raised that way.  It’s not cold.”
“Hmm,” grunted Darren.  “I’ve heard there are no marriages or relationships either.  Is that true?”
“There are no marriages.  But there are relationships, just not exclusive ones.  We can see anyone we want.  We just can’t have any kind of exclusive relationship with anyone of the opposite sex.  Our SIN Chips keep track of who we’re with.  We’re punished if we go against the rules, rewarded if we comply.”
“What are the punishments and rewards?”
“It’s all about work.  Punishments are more work.  Rewards are less work.  That’s what people live for in the commune—ways to work less.”
Darren seemed real curious now.  “What do people have to do to be able to work less?”
“For guys it’s mostly having sex and doing great at their jobs.  For girls it’s having sex and having babies.  It doesn’t matter how bad or good they are at their jobs as far as rewards go.”
Darren looked shocked again.  He was silent for several moments.  “How many guys have you been with?”
“How many girls have you been with, Mr. Perfect Darren?  Huh?  Without someone standing over your shoulder twenty four seven telling you what and what not to do, how many girls have you boinked for nothing?”
He was silent again.  “Sorry, Amy.  That wasn’t fair of me.  I kind of knew it was like that in there.  I just never heard exactly how it worked from someone…”
“Someone who’s been played like a trained slut?”  She grinned again.  “Is that what you were going to say?”
“Amy, you know I wasn’t saying that!  Why did you say that?”
“Just teasing you.  Any more questions, Mr. Curious?”
Darren thought for a moment.  “Yeah, one more I guess.  We’ve always heard that commune raised women don’t make good wives because of what you were talking about.  You’re not allowed to be married, or have exclusive relationships, or a family, or…”
“And that didn’t stop you from wanting to marry me anyway, did it?” she said.  “So it’s really about having a pretty girl to yourself.  Darren, don’t be a dumbshit.  We’re human you know.  Just because we’ve not allowed to have exclusive relationships doesn’t mean we don’t want to.”
He was speechless again.  She was good.  He looked at her beautiful face and thought, I’m in love already.
Then came bombshell number two.  “I really want to be honest with you in every way, Darren.  I’ll never play any games.  So here it is.  I hate to break this to you, but…I like girls.”
“Doesn’t everyone?  So?”
“Only girls.”
Darren’s lower jawed dropped.  “Oh, my gosh.  Are there any more surprises?  Are you really a guy that’s had a sex change?  Because that would just bring a nice conclusion to this wonderful day!”
She giggled.  “That’s good, Darren.  No, I’m not a guy.  At least not yet,” she said, grinning.  “I’m kidding.”
She paused a moment and then took on a more grim tone.  “Let me be serious about this, though.  I haven’t been with but a few guys, and none by choice.  I sometimes wish I was ugly, because then I wouldn’t have been a target.  Pretty girls are always a target in there.  And there are plenty of guys who will take advantage of them and no one cares.  Women don’t matter.  They’re just seen as baby machines and workers.  That’s it.  So I’ve never liked guys in general very much at all as long as I can remember.”
She continued, “It’s so very strange.  Now, I’m married to a guy all of a sudden.  You must know how glad I am to be away from all that commune life, Darren.  I’m relieved that you’re decent, funny, and not boring at all.  And cute.  But I’m pregnant and into girls.  So what are you going to do with that?”
You’ve got to hand it to Darren for not totally losing it.  Imagine being eighteen and full of hormones.  You’ve had a hard on for a week waiting for your beautiful sexy mail order bride to come.  She’s finally here and you can hardly take it.  Then you find out she’s not a virgin, probably has been with many guys, has had guys force themselves on her, now she’s pregnant, and really into girls and not the least bit interested in giving you your long awaited birthday present!  Talk about bring on the cold shower!  But Darren, somehow, kept his cool.
He simply replied, “Maybe you’ll come to be good friends with me after we hang out for a while.  Once we’re great friends, maybe you’ll start thinking of me as something more.  It’s worth a try, Amy.  Because so far, I’m really liking what I’m seeing and hearing.  You haven’t scared me off at all.”
Amy was more than pleased and gave Darren a kiss on the check, teasingly close to his lips.  “Maybe you’ll be right.  But tonight you’d better be happy with a girly magazine and your right hand.  Or are you left handed, Mr. Darren?”
Magazine, smagazine, he still had her hologram image on his palm screen!

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 17 Facade
Amber’s Discovery

Amber hurried home and arrived an hour and fifteen minutes before Darren was even going to leave work.  That gave her at least an hour and a half.  But she’d have to be quick.  There was a lot of information to look at.
First were his home efiles.  He really had never made any secret of them.  Most people stored their data in the clouds.  That is, A and B class.  C and D class generally had no access to the Line and so had to store data at home on a variety of media.
Darren had a fingernail media unit (FMU).  All you had to was wave an FMU near a palm screen unit and all the data from the FMU would be loaded.  Then you could simply project it into the air as large as you needed and rifle through it.
Her heart melted when she projected the data and started reviewing it.  It was about all of them.  Wedding pictures, pictures of them, places they’d gone.  There were emessages they’d done back and forth when they first met; he’d actually saved them.  The rest were receipts, financial files, and some videos of Bryan.  Amber felt guilty about doubting Darren.  What a good guy.  The files he had saved were all about their family.
She scanned the rest of the Line data that Darren had loaded on her palm screen.  It took considerable amount of time to try to look at everything, as there was a lot.  Forty five minutes passed.  She saw arrest records of public intoxication, fighting, and causing a disturbance.  Darren had told her about that.  He’d also told her that he’d gone a few times to a female escort service in his teens.  She saw those records too.  Hmm, she thought, if Darren was honest about those kinds of embarrassing things, why would he lie about getting married before?  Maybe there really is a good explanation.
Amber could tell she was relaxing and feeling better.  The more she cooled down and thought about it, the more she realized that Darren really was trustable.  She had no reason to doubt that he had a good explanation for the Amy stuff. 
Still, that nagging box in the store room had to be looked at.  The storage room was through a locked door off the living room balcony.  There wasn’t much in there, really.  Some boxes, tools, old electronic devices, a bicycle.  She found the box right away, a cardboard one-drawer file cabinet kind of thing.  She had less than a half hour to go through it.  Darren always told her it was just some memorabilia from his youth, stuff his parents gave him, school records, military records.  She never questioned it.  It seemed like pretty mundane, boring stuff.  She wasn’t nosey at all that way.
So when she opened the box, she expected a few minutes of review followed by the same conclusions she’d made after reviewing the FMU and the palm screen data.  She expected to quickly conclude that Darren’s been on the up and up all this time so there’s a good explanation for Amy.
But when she first opened the box and thumbed through some of the files, she was stunned.  The first thing she noticed was a document with the name, Amy Fortin, on it.  There were many more with Amy’s name on them too.  A marriage record, birth records, Adoption to Commune records, 4M treatment records, court records.  And pictures of this Amy.  Oh shit!
In awe, Amber studied the pictures of Amy.  She was young and beautiful.  A little funky clothes and hair style, but gorgeous nonetheless.  She was likeable.  She no longer felt jealous now that there was a face to the name.  But there was a new problem, an even bigger problem.
With the box in her arms, Amber walked into the living room and sat it on the main eating table.  She began to take out papers one by one and organize them in different piles; the pictures, marriage and baby records, 4M treatments and miscellaneous court records.
She was crying now, not really knowing why.  Darren hadn’t cheated on her.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 18 Facade
Amy’s Misery

Amy was everything Darren wanted, except his girlfriend.  His legal wife, yes.  His lover, not anytime soon it seemed.  Unlike any girl he’d ever met before, he couldn’t stop thinking about her from their very first meeting.  She was so smart, so sexy, and so hard to get.  It drove him crazy.
It went on for weeks like this.  Then months.  Sure, she’d always find time to talk with him, hang out with him, even sleep in the same room as him.  Their agreement from that very first day had been that he wouldn’t tell his father about her pregnancy for as long as possible, or the fact that she liked girls.  In return, she would act as married to him as possible, sleep in his bed, appear affectionate in front of his parents, family and friends.  But no sex.
It’s hard to imagine an eighteen year old male sleeping in the bed with a beautiful female, yet unable to act on his natural instincts.  Of course, Amy would never have gone for that sleeping arrangement if she didn’t trust him.  He remained a gentleman and just kept trying to win her affections.
At times it seemed she was warming to him.  But their relationship never got physical except the occasional peck of a kiss to impress his family or friends.
She was soon visibly pregnant.  At first Darren was congratulated by his parents, family, and friends.  But the math and Amy’s due date didn’t jive.  Darren had to tell them all the truth about her pregnancy.  They had less than kind things to say about her and even suggested he give her back to the commune.  But he stood by her.
When the baby was born, they opted to have a “curtain delivery” so that they would never see that baby.  It was immediately taken to the State Labor Commune to fulfill part of their Marriage to Freedom agreement.  Darren felt somewhat saddened by the whole thing, but Amy didn’t seem upset.
She bounced right back into a routine of having fun and a little partying.  Even though they’d go out and party together and appear as a couple in public, even dancing at the bars, at home she wasn’t interested.  Darren had thought he was going to have a little more chance at romance after the baby was born.  But she didn’t seem any more interested than before.  
He even reminded Amy that the agreement with the State was to provide one more baby.  She pretty much told him they still had over four years, so don’t worry about it.
One day soon after, a pretty brunette showed up at the house.  Darren did a double take.  She looked so much like Amy.  “Who’s this?” Darren asked as soon as Amy let her in and they strolled into the living room.
“Chelsey,” said Amy, “this is Darren.”
“I’ve heard a lot about you, Darren.  Nice to meet you.  Amy always says how lucky she is that you saved her.  And I thank you too.  We never would have met otherwise.”  Chelsey and Amy gave each other a look that said it all.
We? Darren thought.  He knew.
“We’re going out for a while, Dar.  Don’t wait up.”  Amy gave Darren a little punch on the arm as she grabbed Chelsey’s hand, as if challenging Darren to say something.
Darren was no pushover, but he knew to leave it alone.  They could always talk later.  One thing he’d learned about Amy: don’t argue with her.  She was not only very intelligent but very stubborn too.  Winning an argument with her was next to impossible.  “Have fun.  Nice to meet you, Chelsey.”
If it wasn’t bad enough that Darren now felt he had to compete with Amy’s girlfriend, Amy even had the nerve one time to bring her to the house, to his room, and ask him to leave for a while.  At first, Darren found it fascinating and once said, “Can I stay and watch?”  Amy wasn’t amused.
He had to make excuses to his parents about Chelsey and told them she was just a good friend helping Amy to cope outside of commune life.  That explanation seemed to satisfy them.
And then there were her frequent sleepovers at Chelsey’s place.  Darren’s fascination with the girls’ relationship had long since turned to outright jealousy.  He saw her less and less.  They hardly talked any more.  He was still crazy about her and it hurt to constantly have the cold shoulder.
The final straw was when she dropped the atomic bomb on him.  It was about a year after she had given up her baby.  Amy came home from one of her sleepover excursions with Chelsey.  “Well Dar, our final baby installment will be fulfilled in about another six months.  I’m pregnant.”
Darren’s jaw dropped.  This time he got angry.  He was furious.  “What the f…, Amy!  How could you do this?  I’ve done everything for you and I’ve put up with anything you dish out just to wait for you to come around some day.  And you don’t even give me a little taste.  Nothing.  You know how crazy I am about you.  Yet you tell me you don’t like guys.  Now you’re pregnant?”
“I could have made you go back to the commune anytime, you know.  I’ve thought about it so many times before, but I didn’t.  Because I thought you were worth the wait.  But now I’m not so sure.  So who is he?  How did it happen?”
“Darren, he doesn’t mean anything.  Chelsey and I were just partying and there was this guy, and she dared me, and…”
“Stop,” Darren shouted.  “I don’t want to hear anymore.  I don’t even want to look at you right now.”  With that, Darren left her alone at his parents’ house and spent the night at a friend’s house.  But he couldn’t get her out of his mind.  He still wanted her.  In some ways, more than ever.
With little hope that she was going to change, he started researching what 4M treatments might be available.  Not for him, but for her.  He soon was thrilled to learn that a range of treatments existed for the sole purpose of “recalibrating” someone’s brain.  Such treatment was similar in theory to the “instant rehabilitation” used for convicted criminals to ready them for commune life without a fight.  It worked on criminals very well.
There were 4M treatments to reverse obsessive compulsive disorder, autism, depression, mania and other psychotic behavior.  And for people that had experienced a tragic, traumatic event there were even treatments known as “partial erasures.”
That’s what Amy needs, a partial erasure, Darren thought.  But the treatments were expensive.  He finally decided to confide some of the Amy situation to his father and ask if he’d pay for 4M treatments to fix her.
“Why bother with treatments?  You can just send her back anytime if she’s making you miserable, son.  I’m not going to hold it against you.  I bought her to help bring some happiness to your life but it sounds like that isn’t the case.  There are others girls out there.”  But his father could tell that Darren really felt something for her.  “You must really love her,” he said.
“There’s no one like Amy.”
So Darren and his father planned how they might trick Amy into going into a clinic under the guise of some requirement for Marriage to Freedom or a pregnancy checkup, where she would instead get a strong initial “partial erasure” treatment.  After the first treatment, it would be easy to continue treatments from then on.  She could almost instantly be Darren’s faithful wife.
They had but one chance.  Amy was so cunning that if she suspected anything, she’d outsmart them.  The only other option was to take her in unconscious.  Darren didn’t want to go to that extreme.  Yet.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 19 Facade
The Truth

Amber was still crying.  Darren hadn’t cheated on her.  He’d cheated her.  She just needed to hear it from him.  What did he take from her, and why?
She was preparing an ambush for when Darren walked through the door.  He would not have time to think or react.  She had it all planned out.  He would be bombarded with a badgering of questions so calculated that he’d be trapped in any number of ways if he tried to back step.  He had to tell the truth.
She heard the main first floor door to their apartment building slam shut, its closing mechanism long since broken.  Footsteps resounded as someone walked up the familiar stairs to the second floor hallway.  Then, the squeak of the hallway door gave away its opening.  A muffled pounding could be heard in the hallway, getting louder.  Suddenly it stopped.
From the crack under the apartment front door, Amber could see the shadows of two feet, stopped.  What is he waiting for? she thought.  She heard the key being inserted into the first of three door locks.  Then the second.  Then the third.  As the door began to open, Amber yelled out in a casual tone, “Hi Honey.”
A very surprised Darren stepped through the doorway, looking like he’d seen a ghost.  “Amber.  You’re home already.”  He was holding a dozen roses in his hand.  “I thought I’d beat you home.”
She was ready to dig into him, until she saw the flowers.  He only bought her flowers on her birthday, and their anniversary.  “What’s the occasion?  Guilt offering?”
Darren looked a little hurt that she didn’t react more positively.  “No, just an ‘I love you’ occasion.”
She paused for a moment.  “Sorry, Darren.  I appreciate the flowers.  You’ve always loved me.  I’m just upset.  You can’t blame me, can you?”
“No, I don’t blame you.  I had no idea that there was anything on the Line about Amy.  I’m sorry you had to find out that way, and question my faithfulness to you.  What exactly did you find?”
“Darren, don’t act like an idiot,” she said as she took the flowers and found a vase for them.  “I already told you I found reference to your Marriage to Freedom arrangement with Amy.  You already as much admitted to that.  And I’m sorry I had to nose through your stuff, but I found your box of secrets.”
“And after going through all the documents,” she continued, “I stopped wondering who this Amy bi-otch is. I know who she is, Dar.”  She stopped, looking for some acknowledgement in his expression. 
“Amber, I don’t know what to…”
“Stop it, Darren.  Don’t play dumb.  You and I both know that I am Amy.  It’s all right there,” she said, pointing to the table where all the documents were piled.
“If you didn’t want me to ever find out, Darren, why did you upload that data on my palm screen and why did you keep that box of documents?  I was surprised by the clothes I used to wear, though.”
“Okay, Amber, you win.  You’re right.  You’re always right.  You’re too damn smart for your own good, you know that?  You’ve opened a Pandora’s Box.”
“Those documents,” he said, pointing to the table, “were kept only so that if you ever found a reason to question me or who you are, I’d have something to back up the story that I’d tell you.  So listen to this, Amber, because I only want to say it once.  Let it sink in.”
“Yes, you were Amy nearly four years ago.  My dad bought you for my eighteenth birthday.  But I’m the one who married you, protected you, loved you.  And you rejected me over and over again.  Rubbed it in my face.  I was your friend.  I never took advantage of you.  You gave me hope that it might turn into something more than friendship, then ran to your girlfriend instead.  You said you didn’t like guys, then ended up pregnant.  You stabbed me in the heart.  I could have sent you back to the commune time after time but I didn’t.”
“Instead, I got help.  For you.  For us.  The 4M treatments transformed your mind.  You forgot Amy.  You became Amber.  We had your name subtly changed so that if you remembered the name Amy it wouldn’t make you suspicious or accidently trigger some memory of your wild ways.  We placed you in the family of one of my mother’s friends, the Millers, so that you would think you came from somewhere besides the commune.”
“We planted you in the bar where you supposedly met me for the first time.  We used pheromone hypnosis so that you’d fall only for me that night.  Continual 4M treatments.  It worked, Amber.  You became my real wife.  My willing wife.  That’s all I ever wanted from you, Amber.  We took bad girl Amy from you and gave you class and a new life instead.”
“You know what else?  We gave you Bryan to keep.  Get it?  He was supposed to be the second baby to fulfill the Marriage to Freedom obligation.  He was the result of your little, wild fling dared by your girlfriend.  But as Amber you wanted him, so I made sure you could keep him.  We still owe one baby, but I’m working on that.” 
“Some of the Line data was supposed to be a smoke screen.  But it made you suspicious.  Some of the data was real.  I was surprised it was there.  You’re too damn smart, Amber.  You figured it out so easy.  I guess I shouldn’t be surprised.  Brains were always your strength.  And your looks.  I could never resist either, from day one.”
“You know what you told me the first day we met, Amber?  You said ‘I don’t like guys, I’m pregnant and I’m into girls.  So what are you going to do with that?’ “
“Well, here’s what I did with that,” Darren said, pointing to the table again.  “I made you into Amber.  And you’ve been so happy ever since.  So what are you going to do with it, Amber?”
Amber was quiet.  She had a tear running from her eye.  “I can’t believe I came from a labor commune.”  She paused several moments.  “And I never knew there was another baby before Bryan that I gave up.”  She paused again.  “I can’t imagine not having Bryan,” she said.  “Thank you.  I’d be lost without you, Darren.  I’m sorry I was such a dick in the past.  I don’t blame you for anything you did.  Sounds like you only helped me come to my senses.”
“I’m sorry I had to tell you all this, Amber.  You wouldn’t believe me otherwise.”
After a long pause, she finally said, “Here’s what I’m going to do with all this.” Still teary eyed, she came close to him and gave him a kiss.  Then she suddenly stopped and took a step back, smiling slightly through the tears.
“You know,” she continued, “I always thought it was odd that whenever I thought that a migraine headache was coming on I’d go in immediately for a 4M treatment.  Yet, I’ve never had a migraine headache in my life that I can remember.  So why am I always going in for a 4M treatment?”
Darren shrugged his shoulders.  “Hypnosis.  And don’t you dare stop the treatments or Amy will return to muck everything up in our lives.”

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 20 Facade
Killer Plans

Darren and Amber didn’t discuss the Amy thing any further for more than a week.  Even though she seemed content with the whole truth coming out, Darren wasn’t sure what was going on in her head.  Was she really okay with being made into Amber so that they could have a life together?
“Do you remember why I wanted you to look at the Line data about me?” Darren asked.
“Do I look like a moron, Darren?  Just because a girl gets upset doesn’t mean she’s lost her mind like some PMSing freak.”  She grinned.  “You wanted me to see what the biggest hits were to you SIN Score so you could use your tags and comments at the news agency to try to counter them.”
“And?” he asked.
“And, aside from being totally distracted by that Amy bi-otch, I did see a few things.  First, you, we, still owe a baby to the State.  What are we going to do about that?  You said you were working on something.  You’re not wanting to give up our baby when it’s born, are you, because I…?”
“No.  Absolutely not.  Don’t worry about that, Amber.  We’re keeping our family unit intact, including our new baby.  Isn’t that what you want?”
“Yes, it’s what I want.  So what’s your plan then?”
“Maybe there’s someone in one of our families that would do it for us.”
Amber giggled.  “Ah, are you forgetting that I don’t have a family?  The commune, remember?  Did you take a stupid pill on the way home or what?”
“This is a new way of thinking for me too, Amber.  After nearly four years, I pretty much thought of you as being part of the Miller family,” he said.  “They’re still your family, you know.  They loved having you.  What about their daughter, Peggy?”
“I haven’t talked to her in about six months.  Last I knew, she was seeing some guy.  I don’t think it was serious.  Who knows, maybe she ended up pregnant and he skipped out.  That would be a stroke of luck for us, huh?  But then again, if that really happened, why wouldn’t she just do the Class Advance Incentive and turn her baby over to the State herself?  Or, better yet, because her parents are rich upper class she wouldn’t need to give her baby away for any reason, much less to help us.  You’re not really thinking, Darren. But I’ll give her a call anyway.  You got any other bright ideas?”
“If we knew an A class couple that was pregnant, maybe by accident, who didn’t really want kids…”
She cut him off, “What A class couple is going to help us scum?  I doubt whether anyone in their right mind would help a C or D class couple.”
They suddenly looked at each other and smiled.  “But someone out of their mind might.”  Darren said.
Amber was starting to see a light bulb moment.  “I gotta hand it to you.  If you could trick me into 4M treatments as you did, I bet together we could find someone who is pregnant, trick her into a few 4M treatments and she’d be ours to do what we wanted.  Her baby would clear our debt and afterwards, she’d be happy as clam.”
“Okay, Amber, that’s a great plan.  So priority number one is to clear our baby debt.  I’m glad we’re doing this together because I didn’t know what I was going to do.  I always feared the day I couldn’t pay the baby obligation and they’d come looking for payment somehow.  And you wouldn’t have known what the heck was going on.”
“What else did you see in my Line data?’’ he asked.
“Oh, some girlfriends, and pregnancies.  Even visits to an escort service.  My gosh, Darren, were you really that hard up for a date?  I always thought you were so cute in your pictures from back then so I can’t imagine you having trouble with the girls.  Only the escort service hurt your Score, though.  If you had gone there only once, maybe not at all.  But you must have gone there often.  I guess there’s no point in asking why now.”
“You can’t do anything directly about the escort service.  But I think a ‘good marriage’ is good for the SIN score,” she continued.  “So plan number two should be to flood the Line with stories about you getting married, being happily married, being a devoted father, and other stuff like that.  It’s all true so it should be easy to come up with.  I’ll help you.”
“The only other things that stood out in your Line data were some anti-government and anti-commune rhetoric.”  Amber made a dumb look. “Really, Dar, do you think you can mouth off to the government and have no repercussions?”
“Yeah, I know.  Most of that was years ago, but I guess I’ve made a few comments in recent years too.  I didn’t think it would end up on the Line,” Darren said.
“We’ll always have to assume that everything we do will end up on the Line and in our SIN Record somehow,” said Amber.
“I think plan number three has to be to flood the Line with ‘I love the government’ propaganda.  Of course, this will all be lies so we’ll have to be clever in our approach,” she said.  “So when you’re at the news agency you’ll search the articles you’re uploading for anything to do with family or the government.  Then post a comment using our prewritten responses, which we’ll carefully craft ahead of time.  You’ll be able to post a lot of comments a lot faster that way too.”
“What would I do without you, Amber?”
“Probably slither back to the escort service.  Or a girly magazine and your right hand.  Or are you left handed, Mr. Darren?”
Darren was shocked.  “How do you remember saying that?”
“Ah, ‘partial erasure,’ dumbass.  Do you honestly think my entire brain was erased by the 4M treatments?  What science fiction books have you been reading lately anyway?” sneered Amber.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 21 Facade
Peggy’s Affliction

The only daughter to A class parents and the youngest of three children, she was a little spoiled having been the awaited baby girl and princess after two brothers.  Popular in school, her brown eyes, long dark hair, and tall and slender body had the boys interested ever since grade school.
By her senior year in high school, Peggy seemed to have it all; beauty, money, status, privilege, male attention and not much competition.  That is, until Amber came to live with their family.
Amber was a year younger, but looked like she should be in college already.  Amber’s sophisticated, exotic looks were as different from Peggy as a supermodel was from a small town prom queen.
Peggy felt more than a ting of jealousy from day one.  “Why did she come to live with us?  I don’t get it.  And she’s pregnant!”  She said it like it was some kind of disease.  “Doesn’t she have a family already?” she asked per parents.
“No, honey.  She doesn’t have a family.  And she’s been in some kind of accident and doesn’t remember anything about her past.  A good friend of mine has asked for our help and, well, we’re able to help so we’re going to do it.  So I suggest you change your attitude right now, young lady.”  That was Peggy’s cool mom.
The 4M treatments had transformed Amy into the new Amber, who now was really quite amiable.  She and Peggy quickly became good friends.  Peggy was there for her when she gave birth to Bryan.  She was there in the bar the first time Amber met Darren.  Peggy watched as that relationship blossomed.  And she was in Darren and Amber’s wedding.
 So she was thrilled to get a call from Amber.  “Amber, what the hell!  I haven’t heard from you forever.  How’s my favorite girl?”
“It’s so good to hear your voice, Peg.  We’ve just been so busy with Bryan, and being pregnant and both working.  Sorry I haven’t called in a while.  I think of you all the time.”
“I think of you guys all the time, too.  Wish you didn’t live thirty miles away.  Kind of hard to just drop by and say hello,” said Peggy.
“I know.  We never go anywhere, except to work and back.  What are you doing these days?  Last time we talked you were seeing this guy…”
“Uhh, don’t remind me, Amber.  I should have taken your advice and kicked him to the curb long before I did.  What a loser.”  She paused.  “He got me pregnant, though.  I’m due in about two months.”
“Oh, my gosh, Peg.  How are you doing with it?  Has your pregnancy been okay, or a bitch?”
“A bitch, to tell you the truth.  I had glamorized this whole pregnancy bliss thing.  It hasn’t been fun.  If there was someone to share it with, like what you and Darren have, it would be a lot more tolerable.  So you must be getting close too.”
“That’s funny,” said Amber.  “I’m due in about two months too.  What’s your due date?
“May eleventh.”
“May twenty-fifth,” said Amber.  “That seems more than coincidence.  So what are your plans with the baby?”
“I don’t know, Amber.  I just don’t know if I can raise a child alone.  Or if I want to even try that.  Maybe it’s just better to…”
“It won’t help your already perfect Score to just give it to the State, so that shouldn’t be a factor in your decision whether to keep it or not,” Amber offered.
“Oh, it isn’t.  I don’t need any class boost like most everyone else does.  Shit.  Sorry, Amber, I didn’t mean it like that.  I know you guys have gotten the shaft for reasons unfair.”
“No problem, Peg.  We’re doing great.  Making some progress towards improving our Score too.   We’re happy.”
“Good.  Glad to hear it.”
“So what do you think you’re going to do?”
Peggy answered, “I’m really undecided at this point.  What would you do if you were me?”
“I’d come with your best friend to her pregnancy checkup, that’s what.  I have one scheduled for this Thursday afternoon.  Any chance you could come over and go with me?” asked Amber.
“I miss you, Amber.  Yes, I’d love to come.”
Bingo.  Plan number one started.  I’m not going to hurt her, though, Amber thought.  Whatever happens will be for the best, for her and the baby.
Amber and Darren discussed the plan right away.  Since Darren’s father had long ago agreed to pay for whatever 4M treatments were needed for Amber, they could easily have a few treatments for Peggy charged to Amber’s account and no one would be the wiser.
The trick was going to be how to get Peggy to the clinic where the 4M treatments are done.  One idea was for Amber to fake a migraine as soon as Peggy got there and have Peggy go with her to the 4M clinic before the prenatal checkup.  But how would they actually get her into a 4M treatment?  She wouldn’t think it was anything special since, having A class parents, she could probably have treatments whenever she wanted.
“We’re going to have to knock her out somehow,” said Amber.  “Then we can take her into the 4M clinic and have a treatment done on her.”
“Will they actually give her a treatment without her consent?” asked Darren.
“They will if it’s requested by an immediate family member, which will be you, her husband.  We’ll say she is Amber.  If anyone asks, I’ll claim to be her step sister, Peggy, just along to help.  If we have to scan her Chip before we check in, we’ll just scan mine.”
“Okay,” Darren said, “I can see how that could work.  But how do we knock her out?”
“Commune Love Potion Number Three.”
“What?”
“Come on, Darren.  You’ve really never heard of the date rape drugs used in the labor communes?”  She looked a little surprised.  “Maybe that kind of news doesn’t make it out here.  It’s standard practice in there.”
“Do you actually remember that?  Or have your heard or read about it since you were Amber?”
Amber looked up as she thought, Hmm, I don’t know how I know that.  “Maybe I do remember.  Interesting.”  She paused a moment, then looked back at Darren.  “Anyway, I do know this about it: It’s common for males to use this date rape drug to basically have any women they want, whenever they want.  It’s frowned upon in the Commune as being unethical, if you can believe the government really taking a moral stand about anything.  But it’s used anyway, and everyone looks the other way because women are socially at the bottom and one goal of the commune is for women to make lots of babies.”
“That’s awful Amber.  I’m sorry to hear that.  So do you think you were ever…”
“It’s possible.  But how would I really know?  Maybe that’s how I ended up pregnant with my first baby.”
“I’m sorry, Amber,” Darren said, squeezing her arm.  After a pause, he continued, “Not trying to downplay your bad experiences, but where can we get some of this love potion?”
“Those specialty stores usually have it, selling it as a tranquilizer.”
“How do you use it?” Darren asked.
“It comes in different forms.  Some is designed to put in food or drinks.  That’s great if you’re out having drinks or something.  But that’s risky because we can’t guarantee that we can get Peggy to drink or eat anything in the short window of time we’ll have with her.  So there’s another form that is a liquid in a small tube with a roller ball.  All we have to do is rub some on her skin—it only takes a small amount—and it will be absorbed into her body in no time.  And there’s a gel that could be put in her mouth.”
“How do you know all this stuff?”
“Ah, it’s called reading.  Ever try it?” Amber snickered.
On Thursday afternoon, Amber got a call from Peggy.  “Hey Amber.  I’m about ten minutes away.  Do you guys want to meet me in the parking lot?”  Darren and Amber didn’t have a car so they had made plans to ride with Peggy.
“Sure, unless you want to come up to the apartment for tea first.  We’ve got some time to kill before my appointment.” 
“How about we go out to a tea café and have tea and muffins or something?”
“Sounds great, Peggy.  We’ll be waiting downstairs.”
“Do we need to take Bryan somewhere, or is he coming with us?”
“Darren’s mom already came by and picked him up, so we’re good.  Thanks.”
After Amber got off the phone, Darren asked her, “How are you going to rub it on her without her noticing?”
“The same way I rub it on you without you knowing.  How else do you think I manage to get you to do anything I want?”  Amber laughed.
“You wouldn’t!” Darren teased.
It was a warm, sunny, spring like day.  They had just walked down to the parking lot in front of the apartment when Peggy drove up.
Peggy smiled as she stopped the car in the no parking zone and got out to give Amber a hug.  “Good timing.  It’s so good to see you.  Wow, you are looking great.  I’d say being pregnant does you good.  Hey, Darren.”
Amber gave her a hug.  “You look great, too.  I can’t believe you’re due about the same time I am.  Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I didn’t want to steal the thunder from you guys.”
“Nonsense,” said Amber.  “It would have been great to share all the nausea and aches and pains together.  Hey, why don’t you let Darren drive and we sit in the back and visit more.”
“Sure,” Peggy said.  The three of them piled in her car and Darren started driving towards the tea café.
As they drove toward the city center, Peggy’s speech became more and more garbled.  Darren looked in the rear view mirror with a frown on his face.  “Everything okay?” he asked.
“Everything’s fine,” said Amber.  “Right, Peggy?”
Peggy was smiling, but not saying anything.  Within a few more minutes, Peggy’s eyes were closed and she leaned her head over on Amber’s shoulder.
“Okay, driver, to the 4M clinic please.”
“What!  But you haven’t even…”
“Yes I have.  While you were picking your nose back at the apartment parking lot, I was giving my old friend a nice hug with my little gizmo hidden in my hand as I held the back of her neck.”  Amber looked smug.
“Wow, Amber.  You never cease to amaze me.”
They arrived shortly at the 4M treatment clinic.  After he parked the car, Darren went inside to get a wheelchair.  He was back out to the car after a few minutes.  They both managed to get Peggy from the back seat of the car and into the wheel chair.
Inside the clinic, they signed in, scanned Amber’s hand, and waited to be called for their turn.  These types of clinics typically had a doctor on staff, but you rarely saw them after your first consultation.  Once you had an established identify file and funds transfer set up, you could pretty much come in whenever you wanted and order just about any treatment you wanted.
One or two technicians usually staffed the computer controlled 4M devices.  The technicians did little more than confirm your account, get you comfortable on a table, select the treatment from the screen options and hit the start button.
“Mrs. Darren Cross?  Amber Cross?”
Darren stood up and nodded, pushing the wheelchair with Peggy through the waiting room door into the hallway leading to the 4M rooms.  Amber walked behind.
“This is Amber?” the technician asked, nodding to Peggy.  Peggy had her eyes open now, but was pretty much just staring into space.
“Yes.  She’s been complaining of a headache coming on.  I think this one turned into one of the worst migraines she’s had in a while.
“Maybe you should take her to a hospital,” the technician said.  “She looks out of it.”
Amber spoke up, “No, this happens fairly often.  I think the Z19 treatment will do it for her.”
The technician eyed Amber.  “That’s a pretty strong treatment.  Who are you?”
“I’m her sister, Peggy.  She’s had these headaches for years.  The doctors say there’s really nothing they can do.  Just get a 4M treatment when they happen.  Sometimes we’re able to get her to a clinic when she feels it coming on.  The R series treatments work pretty well if we get here early.  But this time, we couldn’t get here fast enough.  We’ve learned the hard way that the Z series are needed when she gets like this.”  Amber reached down and gently stroked Peggy’s head.  “You’re going to be okay, Amber.”
Wow, Darren thought.  What a pro.  I bet she could sell a heart attack to someone and make them excited to get it.
The technician looked bored at Amber’s response and went about preparing Peggy and the 4M device.
The new generation of 4M machines used more sophisticated electromagnetic pulse technology than the old laser or nuclear technologies from half a century before.  Depending on the desired effect, the treatments ranged from in-facility sessions, to portable devices and implants.
The in-facility sessions were the most powerful, longest lasting and quickest to administer.  Typically a probe about the size of a grapefruit, supported on a telescoping lance, would be positioned within three hundred centimeters, about a foot, of the patient’s head.  The machine’s pre-programmed algorithms would do the rest. 
“Okay, Z19 treatment.  Please sign here Mr. Cross,” he said, handing Darren an edoc pad.  Darren quickly signed with his index finger and handled the pad back to the technician.
The treatment took a mere five minutes.  Peggy was remarkably more coherent immediately following the treatment.  Although she didn’t know who anyone was or where she was, she looked very serene and satisfied.
Amber spoke up again, talking to Darren but in a loud enough tone so the technician would hear her.  “You know, Dad thinks Amber should have one of those portable devices just to help take the edge off if she can’t get in right away.  What do you think, Darren?”
“It’s probably time to try something like that.  She’s been having more trouble for the past few months.  When I’m at work she can’t get in to a clinic if she’s having an episode.”
Darren turned to the technician.  “What do you have for portable devices?”
“Depends how much you want to spend.”
“I’m not letting cost get in the way of giving my wife the best possible treatments.  What do you recommend if price isn’t an issue?”
“Definitely, the Lansing III Model.  Do you want me to get one?”
“Yes, let’s do it.”
In another ten minutes they were all back in the car, along with the Lansing III.  Peggy was starting to be more talkative.  “So how do I know you two?”
Amber answered, “I’m your sister, Amber, and this is my husband, Darren.  We’re going to help you through your difficult decision to give up your baby.  You’re going to come live with us for a few months until you have your baby.  We’ll help you through it.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Peggy said.  “You’re good people.  Thank you so much for helping me.  I don’t know how to repay you.”  Peggy looked at her belly, rubbing it slightly.
“I’m sure we’ll think of some way,” Darren mumbled to himself as he stomped on the accelerator.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 22 Facade
On The Wire

The drama at the 4M clinic had been child’s play for Darren and Amber.  They basically had kidnapped Peggy using a readily available “date rape” drug.  The first 4M treatment had already made her very compliant.  As long as they got her strong, regular treatments, they could manipulate her in just about any way they wanted.  They planned to keep her until after her baby was born.  With the portable Lansing III unit as additional help, it wouldn’t be too difficult to keep Peggy on a tight leash.
Unfortunately, this type of thing was common by the 2100’s.  Much like cybercrimes had become mainstream a hundred years earlier, Crimes of Manipulation (COM) had become a mainstream technique for robbery, extortion, sex offenses, and controlling a spouse, employees, relatives, anyone.  All you had to do was get someone a strong initial 4M treatment, assuming it was the right type of treatment, and then you could keep them under your control.  The hardest part was always getting them to the initial treatment.
The challenge for Darren and Amber now was going to be convincing Peggy’s parents that she needed and wanted to stay with Darren and Amber for a few months to “sort things out.”  It was going to take some careful finessing so that they wouldn’t be suspicious.  This could be the deal breaker.
While Darren distracted Peggy with some food and drinks in the kitchen, Amber went into their bedroom and called Peggy’s mom.
“Hi, Mrs. Miller?  It’s Amber.  How are you doing?”
“Oh, hello dear.  Peggy was so excited you called last week and couldn’t wait to get over to see you.  Did she get there alright?  Oh, and congratulations on your baby.  I bet you two are just thrilled.”
“Thanks.  Yes, we are very excited.  And Peggy did get here just fine.  In fact, we just got back from my prenatal appointment.”  Amber paused.  “Peggy seems pretty upset about her baby and the whole situation with the father and all.”
“Yes, she’s talked about it, wondering what she should do.  Her father and I have had the tough love talk with her.  We told her that we just can’t be raising a child at our ages.  We are still working too, you know.  So this is going to have to be entirely up to her whether to keep it or not.  I don’t mean to sound uncaring, but if she wants to be a mother and raise her child, she’s going to have to make some serious changes in her life, and work two jobs because that’s what it takes these days.”
What a stroke of luck, thought Amber.  This will play quite easily right into our hands.
“Well,” said Amber, “Darren and I thought it would be good for Peggy to stay with us for a while.  You know how sometimes friends can have influence when parents don’t?”
Mrs. Miller laughed, “Oh, yes.  We’ve seen that over and over with Peggy.”
Amber continued, “We can help her out.  I had already planned to take some time off from work, starting now, until after our baby is born.  Whatever Peggy decides to do we’ll help her through it.  What do you think?”
“You kids are such good friends to Peggy to unselfishly sacrifice so much of your time like that.  I think it’s a great idea for Peggy.  I just worry a little about the imposition to your lives…”
“It will be fine for us.  We’ll make Peggy help out, so she’ll carry her weight.  It will be good for her I think,” Amber said.  “Plus it will be nice for me to spend time with Peggy again.  It’s been a while.”
“I couldn’t agree more.  This is just what Peggy needs, I think.  Be sure and let us know if there is anything we can do to help.”
They talked for a few more minutes, and that was that.  After the call, Amber took a deep breath, went out to the living room and looked at Darren, who was grinning, having heard the entire conversation on his ear bug.  Peggy was still in the kitchen.
“Can you believe it?” Darren asked.  “I thought they’d be wondering what the heck we were trying to do, calling up and saying Peggy was staying with us.  Sounded like her mom pretty much said, ‘that sounds great.’ ”
“She didn’t even ask to talk to Peggy,” Amber said.  “Don’t you think that’s a little strange?  Maybe her husband’s running a 4M routine on her!”  Amber laughed, though it really could be a possibility.
Having successfully completed the physical and emotional kidnapping of Peggy, Amber started her two month leave from her job at the grocery store so she could keep tabs on Peggy at all times.  That was essential for making this plan work.
Any major improvement to Darren and Amber’s SIN Score depended on them paying off the Marriage to Freedom obligation—giving over a second baby.  Without that done, there was little hope of moving up any class level.  The government wasn’t in the business of forgiving debt.
While they groomed Peggy for giving up her child, they continued to work their other plans for improving their Scores.  At the news agency job, Darren took every opportunity to post comments, that Amber had pre-written, on any article he uploaded that was remotely related to family life or government policies.
Whenever he and Amber were at home, they took turns wearing the conversation band that he had bought from his mechanic friend.  They tried to sleep with their right hands in close proximity so they both could benefit from the conversation band at night.
Peggy required a 4M treatment from the portable Lansing III unit daily to keep her from asking too many questions.  At first they tried to go two days between treatments, but they noticed that by the second day Peggy’s intellect would grow stronger and she’d start questioning more why she was at their home and not at her parents’ place.  She required an in-clinic treatment about once a week.
They tried to also have daily talks with Peggy about giving up her baby in order to keep reinforcing this idea in her mind.  Early on, Peggy made quite a fuss about it, saying that she wanted to keep the baby.  But Amber kept reiterating Peggy’s mom’s same sediment about how it is too hard for a single woman to raise a child and how her parents still had to work too much to be able to help.  Slowly, as the weeks passed, Peggy began to accept the idea that giving the baby up would be best.  But she still had concerns.
“Who’s going to adopt my baby?” she would ask.  “I hope some nice, young, A class couple is waiting to adopt my baby.”  This posed another challenge for Amber and Darren.  They’d have to make sure Peggy was 4M dosed pretty good the day of her delivery so she wouldn’t be saying such things, as arrangements were already completed to give the baby to the State Commune System.
Amber already applied to a State office posing as Peggy, and signed the documents for the State “adoption.”  She also picked out a nearby State sanctioned birthing clinic and signed up for a “curtain delivery” so that Peggy wouldn’t even see the baby.
Darren had saved up a lot of sick time and vacation time at his mechanic’s job so he was free to go whenever he needed.  The news agency job, being part time, was flexible about what hours he worked, but not so flexible about taking time off, as Darren was working under the Buy Up program.
The last two months of the girls’ pregnancies went by pretty fast.  Peggy’s due date was two weeks before Amber’s.  Amber was hoping that Peggy really would have her baby first so everything could be finalized.  The plan was for Peggy to be returned home before Amber’s baby came.  Amber worried that if Peggy saw her baby so soon after giving up her own baby, it would cause some trouble.
About a week before Peggy’s delivery, her parents showed up one afternoon at Darren and Amber’s apartment without warning.  They were just starting to give Peggy a 4M treatment in the back bedroom when the doorbell rang.
Darren stuck his head in the bedroom where Amber was setting up the 4M machine with Peggy laying down on the bed.  “You expecting anyone, Amber?”  She shook her head.  Darren went back to the front room and opened the door, “Mr. and Mrs. Miller.  Good to see you.”
He told them to sit down, “Peggy and Amber are both just resting.  I don’t think they’re asleep.”  Darren nervously went back to the room where Peggy and Amber were.  Sticking his head in the door, he whispered and pointed toward the front room, “Her parents are here!”
Amber was startled.  The treatment on the portable unit was not as intense or as fast as the clinic treatments.  They didn’t have twenty minutes, so the treatment would have to wait.
“Your parents are here for a visit, Peg,” she said.  “They’ve probably come to see how you’ve been doing and also find out what your plans are with the baby.  Remember what we’ve been talking about.  Let’s not upset your parents with talk of keeping your baby.”
Peggy looked at Amber as she helped her up from the bed.  “I know Amber.  It’s just hard, but I’m glad I have your support.”
“You have your parents’ support too.”
As Peggy walked out into the living room, her parents got up and rushed over to see her, giving her hugs.
“You’re looking great, Peggy,” her mother said.  “How are you feeling?”
“I’m feeling pretty good, except…”
“What it is, honey?”
“I know it’s best that I give up the baby, but it’s a difficult choice.  What you do think?”
Peggy’s mother continued, “I know it’s a hard thing for a mother to give up her baby.  But it’s even harder to try to support a baby by yourself.  I had to give up a baby before I met your father.  Same kind of situation.  I thought I was in love with this guy, but after I got pregnant, he vanished.  There was no way to raise a child on my own.  It’s even worse today.”
“I never knew that, mom.  Why haven’t you ever told me this before?”
“I didn’t see any reason for you to know until now.  Plus,” Mrs. Miller paused, “I gave it up to the State.  I’ve always been ashamed of that.  I’ve always wondered what kind of life she’s had, and how it may have been different if I could have found a regular family.  But things were different back then…”  She paused again.
“She?” asked Peggy.  “Don’t you know what happens to…”
“Now, Peggy,” Mr. Miller interrupted.  “Let’s not make your mother upset.  She did the only thing she could at that age and under her circumstances at the time.”
Mrs. Miller squeezed Peggy’s arm.  “I’m sure you have a nice family lined up to adopt your baby by now anyway, so I think you’re making a really a good choice, for you and the baby.”  Mrs. Miller turned and looked at her husband and then at Darren and Amber, as if asking them to agree.
“Your mother is right, honey,” Mr. Miller said reassuringly.  “Darren, Amber, have you been able to help Peggy line up anything in the way of a family adoption?”
They all stared at Darren and Amber, who had deer in the headlights kind of looks.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 23 Facade
Back Pedal

“Oh, we met the nicest couple three weeks ago,” Amber started.  “Remember them, Peggy?”  Without giving Peggy a chance to respond she immediately continued.  “David and Marcie?  They’re in their early thirties.”
Amber turned towards Mr. and Mrs. Miller.  “He’s a dentist and she’s a hair stylist.  They’re B class and have money.  She wants to quit working when the adoption is complete so she can be a full-time stay at home mom.  It’s all set up, nothing more to do but wait for the baby to come.”  Amber smiled.  What a great liar.
“That sounds wonderful,” Mrs. Miller said.  Turning to Peggy she continued, “See, honey, I knew this decision was right for everyone involved.”  She turned back to Darren and Amber.  “Thanks so much for being there for Peggy.  I hope she appreciates all you’ve done for her.”
Peggy sat there looking bewildered.  She tried to look appreciative and smiled slightly, saying, “Yes, thank you guys.  You’ve done a lot for me.”  She paused for a moment.  “But I don’t really remember David and Marcie.”  She paused for another few seconds and continued, “But maybe the treatments have made me a little forgetful.”
“What treatments?” said Mr. Miller, now looking a little confused.
Amber spoke up before anybody could say anything else.  “Nothing out of the ordinary, really.  If we notice that Peggy is feeling a little anxious, we can give her a small 4M dose.  Her doctor prescribed it and asked us to help out after he’d seen her appear pretty worried during the first two or three visits.  He sent us home with a portable unit so we wouldn’t have to come in all the time.”
“Okay, that’s makes sense,” Mr. Miller replied.  “So how are you feeling, Peggy?  Is everything alright?”
Darren and Amber weren’t sure if he was just sincerely asking her, or probing for some hint of suspicious doings.  Amber nervously squeezed Darren’s hand as they looked at Peggy.  Peggy could easily unravel their entire plan if she said something stupid.
“What are you getting at, dear?” Mrs. Miller said to her husband.  “It’s obvious how good they’re taking care of Peggy.  Look how great she looks.  She could call us anytime if things weren’t going well.”  Turning to Peggy she asked, “You still have your palm screen, right?”
Peggy began looking around for her purse.  “Yes, it should be in my purse.”
“Which is in your room, Peg.  Let me grab it for you.”  Amber quickly walked back to Peggy’s room and reached for her purse which was up in the closet where she and Darren had put it.  Peggy’s palm screen was kept in Amber’s purse at all times so she could screen all calls and make calls on behalf of Peggy.  Amber quickly put Peggy’s palm screen into the purse and returned to the front room with it.
“Here you go,” she said as she handed the purse to Peggy.
Peggy opened her purse the saw the palm screen.  “Yep, it’s always right here in my purse.”
“I’d like to see Peggy’s 4M device,” said Mr. Miller.
“Really!” said Mrs. Miller to her husband.  “Is that really necessary?  You’re just going to upset everyone with your prying, that’s what.”
Mr. Miller looked embarrassed and said, “Oh, I didn’t mean it like that, honey.  I was just curious what the technology looked like today, that’s all.  I knew they were making home devices for a while, but the last ones I’d seen were as big as a nightstand.”
Darren spoke up, “No problem, Mr. Miller.  Let’s go have a look.”
As Darren and Mr. Miller went to the back room to inspect the 4M machine, Peggy spoke to her mother.  “Darren and Amber are taking good care of me.  I’m just really scared about having my baby and how I’m going to feel giving it up for adoption.”
“I know, dear.  It’s hard.  You’re just going to have to trust that this is really best for all.  Someday not too far off from now you will see that.  But it’s understandable that you’re nervous about it now.”  Mrs. Miller continued, “We love you and support your decision.  As soon as this is all over, we want you to come back home and we’ll take care of you until you can get on your feet again.”  She gave Peggy a hug.
Peggy looked a little relieved.  “I’m glad you guys are there for me too.”
A few minutes later Darren and Mr. Miller came back from looking at the 4M device.  Mr. Miller was excitedly talking.  “Wow, that is some amazing technology.”  Looking over to Mrs. Miller he continued, “Honey, that thing is small enough to carry under your arm.  And it can run off your vehicle too.  Pretty handy for long trips, or being stranded in traffic, or…”
Mrs. Miller cut him off, “Honey, why are you so interested in that bloody thing?  I don’t get it.”  She looked at Amber and Darren.  “It must be a guy thing.”  Looking back at Mr. Miller, she said, “You certainly have the money so if you want to buy one of those contraptions, for goodness sake, go right ahead.”
For goodness sake is right, Mr. Miller was thinking.  He was already scheming and planning how he could incorporate a Lansing III portable 4M machine into the car, conspicuously hidden so that Mrs. Miller would nonchalantly get a dose to his choosing whenever they were in the car.  It would sure cut down on those long babbling sessions whenever they traveled and all but eliminate any arguments about how he was driving.
Turns out, Mr. Miller wasn’t being suspicious about Darren and Amber’s treatment of Peggy at all.  He really was interested in that blooming machine.
Amber’s joking weeks before about Mr. Miller had been right on the mark.  Mr. Miller already had a portable unit secretly hidden in their bedroom so at nighttime he could administer a subtle 4M treatment to his wife while she sleep or napped.  It kept her right in check, non-argumentative, and happy as a clam.  But traveling had always been a problem.  Not anymore!

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 24 Facade
Too Far

When Mr. and Mrs. Miller finally left to go home, Darren and Amber looked at each other and smiled.  What a relief.  All had gone well, even much better than expected considering that they had no time to prepare or rehearse their stories for a meeting with Peggy’s parents like that.
“Okay, Peg.  Time to get back to that treatment.  We don’t want to disappoint the doctor, or your parents.  The treatments do make you feel better, don’t they?”
Peggy nodded.
“Good,” said Amber.  She helped Peggy get comfortable on her bed, got the machine in place, and started the routine.  “Just relax now, Peggy.  Take a little nap if you want.”  Amber turned off the lights in the room.  The curtains were already closed so there was only a small amount of light seeping into the room through the curtains.
Before leaving the room, Amber removed the palm screen from Peggy’s purse and held it hidden in her hand.  After closing the door to Peggy’s room, Amber went out to the front room and sat beside Darren.  Bryan had been napping since before the Millers came and was still quietly sleeping in their bedroom.  They finally had a few minutes to relax together.
“That was close,” whispered Darren.
“Why do you say that?” asked Amber.  “I thought I answered all their questions perfectly.”
“You did.  But Peggy could have totally messed things up if she had opened her big mouth and said some of the things she’s blurted out to us in the past.”
Amber thought for a moment.  “Yeah, she can be a real pill at times.  I guess we’re lucky this wasn’t one of those times.  The treatments really seem to help her stay stable.”
After talking for several more minutes, Amber went to check on Peggy, and found her standing beside the bed holding the 4M machine’s plug in her hand.  She’d unplugged in from the wall.
“What are you doing, Peggy?”
Peggy spun around and faced Amber.  “I know what you and Darren are up to,” she said.  “You’re giving me 4M treatments so you can make me give up my baby.  Just because you think you have my mom and dad on your side doesn’t mean it’s going to work.  Now where is my purse?  I’m going home.”
“Darren,” Amber shouted.   Darren was at the room in a few seconds.  “Keep her here,” she whispered to him as she walked past him out of the room, “while I go get some love potion.  We’re going to have to take her to the clinic for a strong treatment this time.”
Looking at Peggy, Darren tried to have a soothing tone while he asked, “What’s wrong, Peggy?”
“What’s wrong is this: you guys are keeping me here against my will.  I had no idea what you were up to until I began to wonder about why you had this machine and why you were giving me doses every day.  So last week I decided to unplug it after you left the room, then plug it right back in so you wouldn’t know.  I’d pretend to nap.”
She continued, as Amber came back into the room.  “After about four or five days without treatment my head started to get clearer.  And I wondered why you were doing this to me.  I’ve overheard you talking at times and I think I’ve finally figured it out.  You want to use my baby for the Class Advance program or something like that.”  She was getting more agitated now, her voice escalating higher and louder.  “Why don’t you use your baby for that, Amber?  You don’t really have an adopting family lined up, do you?  Why don’t…”
Just then Amber pushed her down hard onto the bed and jumped on top of her.  It looked pretty comical considering they were both eight months’ pregnant.  Peggy thrashed around and tried to hit Amber.  When Peggy started to scream, Amber slapped her hard across the face.  Peggy tried to scream again and Amber slapped her hard again.  Peggy stopped screaming and started crying.  “Why?  Amber, why?”
“Hold her arms,” Amber whispered to Darren.  With one hand squeezing Peggy’s face and holding her jaw open, she used her other hand to place a finger with some date rape gel on it into Peggy’s mouth, rubbing it inside her cheek where Peggy could not bite down on her finger.
Then she held Peggy’s jaw closed.  Peggy continued to thrash and moan.  “Peggy, you can’t raise a baby.  This is best for everyone.  We’re just trying to help you so why do you keep fighting it?”
Within thirty seconds, Peggy was knocked out.  Amber got off of her and said to Darren, “I gotta wash this off my hands or I’ll be next to drop.”
As Amber left the room, Darren got the 4M machine in place and started a treatment routine again.  This time, Peggy wouldn’t be pulling any plugs.  And from now on, they’d have to watch her like a hawk.
After a few minutes, Amber returned to the room.  “Bryan slept through the commotion.”  Looking at Peggy, she said, “When she revives enough to walk, we’re going to have to take her in for a stronger treatment at the clinic.  We should do clinic treatments more often, too.  We’ll have to take shifts watching her twenty-four-seven until the baby comes.  Let’s set up a camera in her room.  She’s on to us.”
Returning to the front room, Darren and Amber sat down on the sofa again.  Darren looked over at Amber.  “Do you still think we’re doing the right thing?” he asked.
“Part of me feels sorry for her.  I really do feel for how hard it must be to have a baby then give it up.  It would be like me, right now, having to deal with giving up our baby,” Amber said as she looked down at her belly and rubbed it gently.
“But another part of me knows that Peggy can’t possibly raise a baby on her own.  She’d have a hard enough time just supporting herself, let alone a baby too.  And I’ve gotten the impression that her parents really don’t want to take on any of the responsibility either.  So, it really is best for all.”  Amber paused.  “She’s not going to fuck this up for us.”  She looked unsure of what she just said.
“It’s one thing to help her give up her baby to an adopting family,” Darren continued.  “But to give her 4M treatments and trick her into a curtain delivery and State handover?  Have we gone too far?”
Amber didn’t reply.
“Is she going to remember you slapping her?” Darren asked.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 25 Facade
Bread’s Done

The Peggy uproar had been calmed, thanks to the love potion, portable 4M treatment, and a follow up strong treatment at a clinic after Peggy revived later that evening.  A technician at the clinic asked them, “Why is one side of her face so red?”
Amber was quick to respond.  “She was having a panic attack and ended up falling and hitting the side of her head on our kitchen table.  Good thing we were right there when it happened.  I got an ice pack on it right away.  Otherwise, I think it would look a lot worse now.”
By the next day, Peggy had bruises on the side of her face where Amber had slapped her.  Good thing she was captive in Amber’s apartment so no one could see her.
Three days after the Peggy incident, as Darren and Amber finished a home 4M treatment on her right before lunch time, Peggy suddenly cried out in pain.  “I think I’m in labor.”
“Are you sure?” asked Amber.  “Maybe it’s just false labor.”  They watched Peggy for a while and timed the contractions.  They were three minutes apart already.  Maybe she’d been in labor a while but the recent stronger 4M treatments made her not feel it as much.
Amber called ahead to the birthing clinic as they prepared to leave the house.  Since she’d already made arrangements for the State “adoption,” the clinic was pre-authorized to administer the curtain delivery and take immediate custody of the baby until the actual transport to the labor commune.  Usually the commune came for the baby within hours.
This was the moment they’d planned for months, the last step—having the baby.  Then it would be over.  Their debt paid.  Their Score improved.  A step up in class.  A few days of recoup then ship Peggy back to her parents.  And then life back to normal.  They could finally start looking for a house to purchase.
They dropped Bryan off at Darren’s parents’ house and continued to the birthing clinic.  Peggy cried out in the back seat.  “Oh, my God, hurry up,” she yelled.  Amber sat beside Peggy in the back seat and held her hand.  “It’s going to be alright.”
At the clinic, Amber checked Peggy in under the name of Amber Cross, a departure from the plans they’d made.  “Why are you doing that?” Darren asked.  “I thought you already forged the State adoption documents as Peggy, so why not check her in as Peggy and let her baby go off smoothly to the State?”
“Because,” Amber scolded, “after the surprises that have happened the past few days with Peggy’s sudden awareness, I’m nervous about her blowing it for us right at the end.  What if she had some clarity of mind moment on the delivery table and changed her mind about the State adoption and ruined it for us?  But if she’s checked in as Amber, who is the one giving up her baby, and has some change of heart on the delivery table, then I’ll just come back later and change the adoption back to the State.  Once Peggy delivers the baby and we get her out of here later tonight, that baby is legally mine,” Amber said.
“What about when you have our baby in a few weeks?  Won’t there be two records of a birth?”
“No, because we’ll go to a different birthing clinic and I’ll use another name.”
Darren shrugged and said, “Guess you’ve thought it through already.  Sounds like a plan then.”
What they hadn’t planned on, or even anticipated, was that Peggy’s SIN Chip transmitted her vitals to a database.  When her labor started, a computer program automatically sent a notification to her parents, listed as her immediate family, that she was in labor.
Normally, what would follow is that when the woman went to a hospital or clinic in labor, her SIN Chip would be scanned upon admission, her location identified, and another notification would be sent to the parents or closest family members, telling them which clinic she was in.
But Amber had purposely scanned her own hand at the clinic so that the system would think Peggy was her.  Since Amber wasn’t actually in labor, the computer algorithm saw her clinic admission as routine and no notifications were made to Amber’s family.
In the case of Peggy’s parents, they had been notified that Peggy was in labor, but there was no follow up notification as to where she was.  It didn’t matter, though, because Mrs. Miller immediately called Peggy.
Amber had Peggy’s palm screen and purposely didn’t answer it.  Mrs. Miller then called Amber’s palm screen.  Amber ignored that call too.
Then Mr. Miller tried calling both of them.  Amber ignored the calls.  Mrs. Miller tried both again.  Amber ignored the call to Peggy’s palm screen again, but finally answered hers.
“Hello?” Amber said.
“Hi, Amber.  This is Mrs. Miller.  We’ve been trying to call both of you.  We received a notification that Peggy was in labor.  Is she at a hospital yet?”
Shit, thought Amber.  How in the heck did they find out already?  Her and Darren hadn’t talked about what to do in this situation so Amber had to think fast.
“No, she’s still at home.  Everything is fine.  She thought she might be starting labor so we went to a clinic nearest the apartment right away.  They told us it was false labor so we came back home.”
“Okay, that’s a relief,” said Mrs. Miller.  It’s a half hour drive so at least we won’t miss it.  What hospital will she be at?”
Amber thought for a moment.  “The clinic told us it could be tomorrow or even a few days before actual labor begins.  When it does, we were planning to go Forest View Clinic.”
“Forest View.  Got it.  Please let us know right away when she’s in labor and we’ll come right over,” said Mrs. Miller.  “Why didn’t Peggy answer her palm screen?  We tried calling several times.”
“Peggy’s tired, poor thing.  After the excitement of earlier today she decided to take a nap.  She said after she laid down the pains went away.  So maybe it was just gas pressure or something.”  That seemed to satisfy Mrs. Miller’s curiosity for the moment.
Within an hour Peggy’s labor had progressed to the point of contractions being just a minute apart.  With any luck, she’d have the baby within a few hours before the Millers knew anything.
Then crap hit the fan.
One of nurses checking Peggy’s contraction intervals and her chart screen noticed something.  “Hmm, there seems to be something missing.  Usually when someone goes into labor, the vitals are automatically uploaded by their Chip so that when they’re admitted to the clinic, that information shows up immediately on their chart and we know how long they’ve been in labor and other important data.  All that data is missing.”
Before Amber could say anything, the nurse pulled a small scanner out of her pocket and swiped it across Peggy’s right hand.  She looked back at the chart screen, which was actually Amber’s chart since she was the one that scanned her own hand at the admission room.
“It’s not updating,” the nurse said.  And it wasn’t going to either, since there was no correlation between Peggy’s Chip data and Amber’s chart data.  “Must be a bad Chip or something.”  The nurse didn’t seem concerned and keep doing her routines.
Darren looked at Amber and raised his eyebrows.  “Close call,” he mouthed.  What they had no way of knowing, however, was that by scanning Peggy’s hand as the nurse had just done, her location was now known in the Line database, and another notification was sent to Peggy’s parents that she was at Forest View Clinic, in Delivery Room 45.
Peggy’s palm screen immediately rang.  It was her mom calling.  Amber answered it right away.
“Peggy?”
“No, this is Amber.  Peggy is taking a warm bath.”
“Amber, we just received a notification that Peggy was at Forest View Clinic, in Delivery Room 45.”
Amber felt her cheeks flushing red.  How could they possibly know already…oh, that damn nurse, she thought.
“Yes, that’s correct.  When she woke up from her nap and got up, she thought she had another contraction.  So we timed them and they were seven or eight minutes apart.  We thought to be safe we’d go ahead and come to the clinic.  Darren’s at work until this evening so I didn’t want to have to get her here by myself,” Amber reported.
She continued, “I was going to call you but the doctor told us it might be this evening or even tomorrow before labor might begin.  I didn’t want you to have to sit around doing nothing so I thought we’d wait until the contractions were a lot closer together.”
“Well,” said Mrs. Miller, “we want to be there for her so we’re leaving now to come over there.  We should be there in about thirty minutes.”

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 26 Facade
Hits The Fan

Darren had a look of worry, as he and Amber stood in the hallway outside of Peggy’s delivery room.  “What are we going to do?  As soon as they get here they’re going to find out that their daughter is admitted to the birthing clinic as Amber Cross.  Then, with the ‘curtain delivery’ situation, they’ll surely be asking questions…”
“I’m going to see if they can induce the birth right now,” Amber said.  Darren watched as his feisty, nearly nine month pregnant wife quickly hustled down to the nurses’ station.  She was beautiful, and smart, and possibly in big trouble.  What did he let them get themselves into?  At this point, Darren was wishing he’d never agreed to trick Peggy.
Down the hallway, Darren could see Amber talking with a nurse.  Amber was quite animated, gesturing with her hands and pointing down towards Peggy’s room.  In a few moments, Amber threw up her hands in frustration and, by the look on her face as she walked back towards Darren, he could tell that the nurse was not going to go along with her request.
When Amber got to the door of Peggy’s room, she stopped and looked at Darren.  “Desperate times call for desperate measures,” she said.  Darren looked puzzled as Amber went into the room and walked over to the bed that Peggy was lying in.  Reaching into her purse, Amber grabbed the love potion gel and squeezed some onto a finger.
Leaning over to Peggy and touching her forehead with the other hand, Amber said in a soothing tone, “How are we doing, Peg?  Are you hanging in there?  Your baby will be here soon and this nightmare will be over.  I know this has been hard for you, but we’re here for you.”
Peggy was still a bit dazed by the previous three days of strong 4M treatments so she didn’t say much.  As she looked up at Amber and started to answer, Amber swiped the gel inside Peggy’s mouth on her cheek and then held her mouth shut.
Peggy started to struggle and protest, but Amber held tight on her mouth and with the other arm held down Peggy’s arms.  In about twenty seconds, Peggy started to fade and Amber let up.
Amber then did something very surprising, even to Darren.  She peeled back the gown covering Peggy’s belly and put her hands on it, feeling where the baby was.  She looked over at Darren and pointed to a spot on Peggy’s belly, “Here’s where the baby is, and here’s its head.  Just making sure you see this, Dar, because I want you to understand that I’m not trying to hurt the baby, just get a quicker delivery.”
Then Amber promptly and swiftly smacked Peggy’s belly hard, away from the baby’s head and body.  She made one clean martial arts type hit using the edge of her hand.  As soon as she did this, several of the monitors started beeping.  With that, Amber quickly moved out into the hall and shouted to the nurses’ station, “Amber fainted and it looks like the baby’s in distress.  Hurry!”
Within seconds, a nurse and technician were running towards Peggy’s room.  When they got there, they quickly scanned the mother and baby’s vital signs and then the nurse said, “We’ve got to get this baby out now.  Call two more techs.”
A hundred years earlier, if a baby needed to be taken out of a mother, the routine procedure was called a cesarean section, where they would actually cut through the belly into the woman’s uterus and remove the baby.  The uterus, muscles and other layers would be sewn up afterwards.  It was a quick procedure, but very crude and overkill.  Healing time was weeks.
Good thing that the method of getting a baby out quickly had been improved dramatically, as there was no time to waste on delivery or healing.  Using a tool known as Spatial Sector Separator (3S Tool) and a new drug to get the cervix and other muscles and skin to relax and stretch like a wet noodle, the nurse and two technicians began the seven minute process of extracting the baby.
Mr. and Mrs. Miller were about fifteen minutes away.  “I hope she can hold out until after we get there,” said Mrs. Miller.  “I want us to be there for our daughter.  I can’t imagine how hard this must be for her.  We should have insisted that she come home a few weeks before this so we could help her at the end of her pregnancy.”
There was no need to put up a curtain for the governmental curtain delivery, as Peggy was out cold.  Her blood pressure had dropped, as had her heart and respiratory rates.  The baby had an increased heart rate and other signs of distress, though not likely life threatening.
Since Peggy was unconscious, they didn’t need to use local anesthesia or other sedatives to make the 3S device any less painful or traumatic.  With swift precision, the team had the baby out in six and a half minutes, a record for them.  Peggy had only minor tearing and bleeding.
The baby was quickly deemed healthy and carried off to the State’s locked and guarded holding nursery.  Peggy was cleaned up in five minutes and taken to the recovery ward.
Amber looked at Darren in disbelief as they slowly strolled down the hall from the delivery room towards the recovery ward.  “Can you believe what just happened?  I think we got away with it.”
Darren looked dumbfounded.  What he had seen over the past week reminded him so much of…Amy.  All the lies, cold hearted meanness, and hitting.  That wasn’t the Amber he knew.  “No, I can’t believe it, Amber.  I’m still in shock over what I saw you do to Peggy.  I can’t believe you…punched her in the belly like that.”
“Darren, don’t be such a puss.  I did what had to be done.  Mother and baby are both fine—no harm, no foul.  What are you whining about like a school girl?  We did it.  Don’t you get it?”
“You’re sounding like Amy used to sound.”
“Maybe that’s because I’ve been unplugging my portable 4M machine too.  Ever think maybe I was sick of always being nice girl Amber?”  Amber grinned slyly, but it was hard to tell if she was joking.  Darren didn’t ask.
As they left the delivery ward hallway and turned toward the elevators, Mr. and Mrs. Miller were just coming out of an elevator, when they spotted Darren and Amber.  Rushing over to them, they immediately asked where Peggy’s room was.
“They actually moved her to the recovery ward,” Darren said.  “She had a very successful delivery, faster than anyone thought.  The baby is in the custody of the adopting family, and Peggy’s already recovering nicely.”
The Miller’s looked angry.  Mrs. Miller looked at Amber.  “You should have called us sooner and not gave us the runaround like you did.  It really pisses me off, Amber.  It makes me wonder what kind of friend you’ve really been to Peggy the past two months.  What will Peggy tell us?  Hmm?”
Mrs. Miller sounded like she’d pulled the plug on her 4M treatments too.  Or maybe it was PMS.  Or “the change.”  Either way, she was not the jovial Mrs. Miller that everyone adored.
Darren thought about getting Amber to leave the clinic with him that very minute.  He was tired of the drama and didn’t want another scene in Peggy’s recovery room.  But until they were sure everything was really over, until the Millers actually went home or left the clinic with Peggy to take her home, they’d never sleep tonight wondering about this last bit of closure.
As the four of them entered Peggy’s recovery room, she was just beginning to open her eyes.  A nurse was in the room and saw them walk in.  “Ah, you must be her family.”
“We’re her parents,” Mr. Miller stated.
“Yes, well, you can be proud of Amber.  She did great today.  She had a very successful delivery.”
“Amber?” the Millers both said together.
As they walked over to Peggy’s bed, they could see numerous bruises on the left side of her face.  She had a terror stricken look on her face, though she was unable to talk yet.  Her hands were shaking, and tears were running down her cheeks.
“Okay, something isn’t right here,” said Mr. Miller.  “First of all, this is our daughter, Peggy.  And second, why is she so beat up looking?  Why can’t she talk?  Why is she looking at us like that?  And I guess the big question is, where in the hell is her baby?

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 27 Facade
Busted

“The baby’s fine,” said the nurse.  “It’s up in the State nursery just like Amber requested.”
“No, Peggy actually requested it,” Amber said, looking at the nurse.  “Please check the record.  Peggy Miller.  That’s what she wanted.”
Amber looked at the Millers.  “Peggy signed the State adoption documents several weeks ago.  She told me that’s what she wanted.  She thought it would help her Score the most.”
The nurse was looking at adoption records on her palm screen.  She projected the records into the room so everyone could see.  “Yes, the records show that Peggy Miller requested a State adoption.  So everything looks good here.”
“But why did you call her Amber?” asked Mrs. Miller.
Amber replied, “When we checked in, the scanner must have picked up my Chip since we were walking together.  I had to help her in because she was having contractions.  Maybe the system was confused since I’m pregnant too and it somehow read my Chip instead of Peggy’s.”
“It happens,” said the nurse.
“So, what happened to her face?” asked Mr. Miller.
“I was helping her into the bathroom a few days ago because she said she was lightheaded,” said Amber.  “When we got into the bathroom, she fainted.  I couldn’t hold her up and she hit her head on the sink.”
“Sounds like everyone has an answer for everything,” scoffed Mr. Miller.  “So why is Peggy so upset then?  Shouldn’t she be relieved that all this is behind her now?”
The nurse replied, “Peggy’s been through a lot today, Mr. Miller.  And she’s been through a lot emotionally for some time dealing with this decision.  It’s not uncommon at all for new mothers to be upset after giving birth.  And especially if a baby adoption is involved.  I’d say Peggy is acting pretty normal under the circumstances.”
“Answers for everything…” Mr. Miller said, his voice trailing off as he turned towards Peggy’s bed and walked over to her.  Mrs. Miller had been standing beside Peggy, stroking her hair and gently talking to her.  Mr. Miller touched Peggy’s arm.  “You okay, honey?”
Peggy nodded.  “What happened?” she asked.
Darren and Amber came over to Peggy’s bed.  Amber took Peggy’s hand and held it.  “You passed out, Peg.  But everything is okay now.  You had your baby and it’s fine.  It’s with the adopting agency.”
Mrs. Miller looked at Amber with a scolding look and asked, “Why did you guys lie about the adopting family, when Peggy knew all along the baby was going to the State?”
Amber thought for a moment.  “We thought you’d be upset by her giving the baby to the State system, especially after the story you told her.”
Mr. Miller rolled his eyes.  More answers, he thought.
“Well, I want to hear what Peggy has to say about all this,” said Mrs. Miller.  “Honey, are you alert now?  Can you tell us what you remember?”
“I’m just so tired, mom.  Right now all I remember is Amber and Darren helping me get to the clinic and to the delivery room.  Then I must have blacked out.  Are you sure my baby is alright?”
The nurse had been standing nearby and responded, “Yes, Peggy, your baby is just fine.  You need to get some rest now.”  Looking at the others, she continued, “Maybe it’s best if everyone gives Peggy a little break.”
When they were all outside the room in the hallway, Mrs. Miller said to Amber and Darren, “We’re going to take Peggy straight home from the clinic tonight.  Please go get all her things from your apartment, put them in her car and bring it back here to the clinic.  I’ll be driving it home and Peggy will ride with her father.  I guess I should say thank you for all your help.  Now we’ll take it from here.”
Darren and Amber were relieved that things were ending so cleanly without a scene.  They did as Mrs. Miller had requested, then took public transit back to their apartment.  They left Bryan with Darren’s parents for the night so they could assess what all had happened and determine whether their plan had paid off.
“This is what we’ve been waiting for,” Darren said.  “With our debt paid, and months of wearing the conversation band and uploading comments to help my Record, let’s see where we’re at.”
They kept checking their Scores with their palm screens.  No changes.  Nothing.  “Did something go wrong?” asked Amber.  The couple discussed all the twists of the past few days.  Did Peggy somehow blow it for them?  Had she blabbed everything to her parents?  They were starting to get very nervous.
After several hours they collapsed on the sofa.  Amber looked weary.  Darren pulled out his palm screen again so that they could review their Scores together.  He projected the Score data in front of them and they both stared in disbelief.  “Look at that!  We moved up to B1/B2, Amber.  Do you know what this means?”
Darren stood up and yelled, “Holy crap!”  They were stoked.  He paced around the room.  “We can have so many more opportunities now, better pay, better food, better housing.  Shit!  Just in time for our baby too.”
Amber was smiling now with a wide grin.  “Yep, it looks like we really pulled it off.”  She stood up and they hugged.  “If I wasn’t nine months pregnant I’d say let’s open a bottle of wine, but that can wait a few weeks.  Hell, go ahead and open one for you, Darren.  Thank you, my hero.”  They kissed and savored the moment.
Over the next few days, Darren and Amber continued to celebrate and make plans for their new future together.  They checked their Scores several times each day, as if to pinch themselves to make sure it wasn’t just a dream.
After two weeks, Darren and Amber were convinced that their new class status was cemented enough to inquire about home loan possibilities.  On their way through the brass trimmed glass doors at the local bank branch, they ran into their friends, Sinead and Miranda, who were just leaving.
“Hey, you two,” Amber said cheerfully, eying them up and down.  “What are you gorgeous girls doing here?”
“We just got approved for a home loan,” Sinead said, smiling.
Miranda was beaming too, her arm around Sinead’s waist.  “Our life is finally starting to happen,” Miranda added, looking at Sinead and squeezing her close.
“Good for you,” Amber replied excitedly.  “We’re so happy for you.  Seems like a lucky day for all of us.  Darren and I are applying for a home loan today too.  Finally, we’re starting to live our dreams.”
The Millers weren’t living any dream yet.  At home since the night of Peggy’s delivery, Mr. and Mrs. Miller watched their daughter slowly come out of the fog.  Peggy was gradually regaining her mental capacity after months of intense 4M treatments.  At first, Peggy didn’t complain much about what all had happened.
But each day she began to remember more and more.  She remembered overhearing conversations that Darren and Amber had.  She remembered being drugged with something that knocked her out and left her with the worst headaches afterwards.
She remembered being slapped hard in the face.  She remembered not being allowed to use her palm screen or leave the apartment without Darren or Amber.  She remembered 4M treatments every day that left her feeling like a zombie.  She remembered the constant coaching to give up her baby.
The Record “remembered” plenty too.
The funny thing about the whole SIN Record was that few people were ever being actively watched.  As intrusive as it may have been, everyone was fairly invisible to prying eyes.  SIN Scores were all automatically calculated and social positions automatically adjusted and enforced by predetermined computer algorithms.  Only when things got out of line did real human intervention follow.
For those who dared to cross the line, though, they had better beware.  There was the Record of everything they’d done, everywhere they’d gone, everything they’d purchased, every call they’d made.  There were no lies capable of getting someone out of their mess.  There were no Silicon Facades.  The Record was there forever.  It was the judge and jury.  It was the truth.
The truth caught up with Darren and Amber.  Within a week of Peggy’s baby being born, Peggy began to sing like a parrot.  There were lots of interested ears.
That fateful day at the bank, while seated in front of loan officer Matole Lavy’s desk, Darren and Amber Cross watched two local police officers make their way into the bank. They quickly spotted Darren and Amber, who were immediately arrested and charged with a host of crimes, including kidnapping, Crimes of Manipulation using 4M technology, criminal use of date rape drugs, assault, medical fraud, and falsifying information on a State adoption application.
For these crimes, their B1/B2 class status was stripped away.  Darren and Amber Cross were recalibrated, relocated, and retained somewhere they would pay for their crimes, somewhere they could no longer manipulate anyone.  Their family dissolved.
Little Bryan was adopted by Darren’s sister and her family.
Amber’s baby girl was placed in labor commune Baby Ward 14 for final payment of Darren’s Marriage to Freedom debt.  The paid debt did nothing to help them, though.
Peggy was able to get her baby boy back from the State.  She had decided to keep him after all and live at home with her parents.  Mr. and Mrs. Miller were more than happy to help raise the child.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤


Chapter 28 Facade
Where Babies Come From

He relaxed in the warm soaking pool and looked around at the beautiful scenery.  Girls in bikinis and girls in bikinis.  At least six floated around the pool nearby, a few more sat at the edge dangling their feet in the water.  Several others milled about on the outskirts, talking, laughing, eating.
Music played just loud enough to block out a few hundred conversations, but quiet enough to allow a couple to talk together.  “This could be para, para, paradise…” from the latest 2133 Coldplay hit, was soothing the vibe of the place.
There she was, standing at the periphery of the pool area talking with two others girls, smiling.  They were all wearing swim suits.  She gazed around and saw him in the pool.  She gave him a big smile and waved.  He smiled back and thought, Oh ya!  If she waved at him, it usually meant she wanted some company.
He’d been coming here for at least three months that he could remember.  He’d only seen her around for two months.  She probably had been a pregnant blimp before that, had a baby and then soon afterwards resurfaced.  But you’d never have guessed she’d recently had a baby if that was the story.  Or ever, wow!
He’d seen her many, many times here over the last two months.  Usually they left together.  It wasn’t long before he learned he had been right about the baby thing.  Of course, that was a common story around this place.  So were pretty girls.
One common misconception about the labor communes was that they got all their children from the outside through the various State incentive programs.  It’s true that they got many, many children as a result of the incentive programs, but most of the children were made on the inside.
Marriage was not allowed inside the labor communes.  But social interactions and baby making was welcome.  Birth control products were illegal on the inside.  On average at any given point, two thirds of the women aged sixteen to thirty eight were pregnant.  And they generally had to keep working right up to delivery.
Upon delivery of the baby, the baby was immediately taken to a Baby Ward to be cared for and raised.  As a reward for getting pregnant and having a baby, the mother was given a week off from work.  This week vacation alone was a very successful incentive to keep women wanting to have babies.  The labor commune made it easy in other ways too.
The labor communes had parties every night.  Though a big misconception about the labor communes on the outside was that people worked their fingers to the bone, there was time for fun.  They did indeed work hard, but there was ample time for socialization.  People were not allowed to organize their own parties of more than six people.  All social gatherings of more than six people, including the locations and activities allowed, were controlled by the labor communes.  Yet people flocked to the commune-sponsored bashes.
For one, there was a free 4M treatment just for walking in the door.  Then there was free food, good food.  Alcohol was strictly forbidden in the labor communes.  But marijuana was legal and was given out like candy at the bashes.  There was music and dancing, lounging pools and hot tubs.  The meeting halls had sex rooms too, and people were expected to use them nightly.
The sex rooms were not some dirty, dingy hovels either.  They were like modern studio apartments, usually with a view.  They were stocked with food and refreshments, music and Hologramic Image Display systems, bathrooms with a Jacuzzi tub, great lighting, and king sized beds.  A trained group of commune workers cleaned the beds and rooms, and restocked supplies after every use.  People could use them for an hour or spend the night.  There was but one requirement for their use:  Only one male and one female were allowed in them at a time.
The protocol for hooking up with someone at the communal bashes was similar to how it’s always been between the sexes.  Physical attraction always played a primary role.  But there was another incentive.  Free time off from work.
SIN Chips monitored body vital functions.  Orgasms had a distinct signature easily recognized by the Chips.  The rooms had plenty of sensors to detect who was there and how close in proximity they were to each other.
Computer algorithms calculated whether or not a couple was having intercourse.  The result was recorded on their SIN Chips.  For every eight qualifying sexual experiences, people were given two free hours off from work.  The qualifying experience had to be sexual intercourse.  No other way counted, as the whole object of this expensive system was to get babies coming.
Obviously, for the time off reward there had to be some limits imposed, otherwise people would bang themselves out of a job.  So, only two sexual intercourse encounters per day counted towards the prized time off.
Did people ever try to cheat the system by getting a room together and then somehow fake sex just to get the time off?  Come on, why would anyone do that!  These parties and the girls were way too gratifying to settle for anything less than the real deal.
With a mesmerized look on his face, he stared as a gorgeous pair of legs was suddenly in his field of view.  He looked up to see a tall, lean, brunette with stunning blue eyes gazing at him from a few feet away.
“Hey Dar,” he heard a familiar voice say.  “Want to be the father of my baby?”
Her name was Amy and he felt as if he’d known her much longer than just two months.  Holding hands, they slowly wandered towards the sex rooms, happy as clams.

¤¤¤¤¤¤¤
That's All Folks!
Two Last Things For Your Consideration

Thing #1: Your Input Matters
Thank you so much for reading my book.  If you enjoyed it, would you be so kind as to leave a review on Smashwords (link below) or your other favorite online book retailer?  Your review may help other curious readers to check out my book!  And I'd really appreciate your feedback on all my hard work.  Thanks again for your time.

Thing #2: Other Books You Might Enjoy
If you enjoyed this book, chances are you'll enjoy some of these other books too, downloadable in just about every format.

Silicon Facades, by Cory Richardson.
Topic:  Depraved future society and twisted justice.
Description:  How our online presence in the early 2000′s evolved into the government’s digital social tool of the 2130's to pigeonhole citizens into social classes and control their every activity, even where babies come from.  In 2133, Darren and his pregnant wife, Amber, a smart, drop dead stunning, blue-eyed brunette, desperately seek ingenious and mostly criminal methods to raise their status, having dropped to the lowest social class because of circumstances affecting their government issued Score.  Take the roller coaster ride with the exploits of Darren and Amber and their shocking nonconformist ways of playing against the system’s outrageous rules.
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/372144


Breaching The Guardian Dimension, by Cory Richardson.
Topic:  Spokane, Washington and area in the not-too-distant future.  Adventure, crime, revenge.
Description:  Coming of age in the 2090’s, friends Marcus, Randi, Vamir and Meagan find themselves working at a prestigious government-funded supernatural research facility.  Something goes wrong after Marcus’ very first “exposure.”  His friends watch in disbelief as other employees mysteriously die right after their first exposures.  It is not clear whether they’re victims of machine malfunctions, the guardians or something else.  WARNING:  Contains some adult themes (lesbian encounters), but nothing graphic.
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/399219


Money Prick, The Harsh Truth Your Friends Don't Have The Balls Or Brains To Tell You, by Taylor Young.
Topic:  Personal finances with a crass humor spin.
Description:  You’re in luck.  You just found the most enjoyable, hilarious book you’ll ever read on a typically not-so-fun topic; family/personal finances.  Even if you know all this stuff already, it’s worth reading just for the laughs!  WARNING:  If you are offended by some crass language, then maybe this book isn’t for you.
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/391449


How I Lost A Million Dollars Twice, And Other Brilliant Adventures, by Taylor Young.
Topic:  Personal finance tales you'll shake your head over.
Description:  Through a bizarre twist of circumstances, follow Taylor’s eclectic accounts of kissing goodbye a couple million dollars by a ripe ol’ young age.  Enjoy someone else’s misery while you learn what not to do with your time and money thanks to Young’s numb skull, painful lessons.  Maybe some of these things can save your butt from a good kicking.  WARNING:  If you are offended by some crass language, then maybe this book isn’t for you.
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/391817


No Good Deed Goes Unpunished, by Taylor Young.
Topic:  A collection of laugh out loud humorous and outrageous deeds, based on true stories.
Description:  From time to time it’s entertaining to watch others squirm in hot water.  The mean streak in us loves stories of woe – especially when it involves someone else.  Sometimes, we are the blundering idiots with a tale of despair for others to be pleased about.  Either way, the good deeds that don’t go unpunished make such juicy stories!
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/400052


Why You Can't See God, by David Lavy.
Topic:  Is there real evidence for God's existence?
Description:  One of the most provocative and to-the-point dialogues broached on this topic in years.  No one can have a neutral reaction to this book; you'll either applaud its audacity or be disgusted by it, crass language and all.  You may wonder whether fans of Mr. Lavy's book are in short supply, judging by some of the online jabs.  What is all the fuss about, anyway?  Is it really as bad as they say, or has a big ol' nerve been struck?
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/377489


Boiled Down Money Goo, Tips For Propelling Your Financial Future, by Daniel and Deborah Minteer.
Topic:  Lighthearted, fun, and to-the-point summaries of personal finance topics.
Description:  Boiled Down Money Goo is a painless way to learn about a sometimes painful subject - personal finances. With a dose of humor to help it sink in, these simple, boiled down personal finance tips will outfit you in the best possible gear to weather the financial mudslides. While grandma may give similar advice, we won’t dump it on your plate along with a bran and prune muffin.….or flash any dentures.
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/62764


*******

