The Last Holey Man
Copyright 2002 VC Angell
Published by VC Angell at Smashwords

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your
friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial
purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this
book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank
you for your support.

Acknowledgments
Cover design by Teddi Black
First printing January 2002 
 Table of Contents
Preface
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6
Chapter 7 
Chapter 8
Chapter 9 
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32 
Chapter 33 
Chapter 34 
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Epilogue
Acknowledgments





About the Author
 
 Preface 
I am offering this novel free as a means for new readers to look at my writing and decide if they would like to read more of it. I write in three areas of fiction – science fiction, fantasy, and mystery. I have a fantasy novel in the final editing stage that will soon be released. There is also a mystery novel about one third complete. I have little time to maintain my website, but I am active on Twitter and that is a good way to reach me if you have questions.  

 – Everything starts as somebody’s daydream.
--Larry Niven
Chapter 1
Zachary Adams enjoyed the sweet smell of honeysuckle as he limped toward the garden on a mostly mended leg. He stopped at the garden’s edge and looked at the chest high tomato plants full of bright red cherry sized fruit. It was surely the finest crop of tomatoes he had ever raised in all his long years. Yielding to an impulse Zac reached down and picked one of the ripe fruits. He slid his fingers over its smooth skin very slowly. It was warm from the sun and smelled of the rich black earth. Zac ran his tongue over his lips wetting them and then slipped the ripe warm fruit into his mouth. Pressing it ever harder against the roof of his mouth he could feel it flattening, giving. It burst sending seeds in a flood across his tongue and its warm musty juice trickling down his throat. 

Half a continent away Neil Corrigan was sure that Zachary Adams was the last person on earth who could enjoy the simple pleasure of eating. Neil hurried along one of the many thousands of corridors in the Personnel Reconstruction Corps building, a solid black and gold half sphere covering more than twenty acres at its base. Reaching a seemingly blank wall, a left over from the days of the Holey War when agents regularly tried to assassinate the Director, he stepped through it into the outer office of Aubery Martin Schmitt, Director of the PRC. Neither the guards nor the secretary looked up as he continued on into the next room. Unconsciously he stepped around the hologram of the Director, stopped to make sure his black uniform with the blue markings of the Directorate staff was straight and then he walked through another blank wall.
 “You still walk around that thing, don’t you?” Director Schmitt said. 
“Yes Sir. I can get used to walking through walls but not people,” Neil said. 
The Director half nodded. He had stopped his aging in his early sixties to give himself the look of authority. The chrome and glass desk he was seated behind added to that sense with its weight. He asked, “What did you bring?” 
 “Hunter’s group has found a Holey.” 
“Where?” The Director’s voice hardened and he sat up.
 Neil projected the map Hunter had given him, pointed to the glowing red area and said, “Hunter told me they suspected a Holey settlement there before but nothing had shown up on the scans for years. There are real problems in scanning that area because it's full of hot spots from thermal springs, and the limestone underlying the area prevents scans. It absorbs or something. It's a good thing they've kept the scanning program going because last spring, after some real strange infrared scans in the winter, they dropped in some three dozen snoopers.” 
“What did they find?” 
“They found one Holey, Sir. Here is a picture.” Neil played the tape Hunter had given him. 
The Director leaned forward and studied the man working in the garden. “Just one?” 
“Yes and old,” Neil answered. “Hunter's group estimates the Holey to be over seventy. He looks like an old fashioned grandfather to me. You can see he has been hurt because of the limp. No signs of how and no signs of others and Hunter's group has been watching him for over two months now.”
 “Slow down. How come they didn't notify us sooner?” The Director interrupted.
 “Hunter said that he didn't want to look like a fool if he was wrong about any of this.” 
“I don't trust that button-flicker.” 
Neil turned quickly to look at the Director. 
“Sorry, I shouldn't use language like that in this office. Not that everybody doesn't use it, but Hunter is just weird enough to be practicing self-pleasuring or worse. He's got ambitions, too. Forget what I said and go on with your report.” 
 “They got audio of him,” Neil said looking back at the old man hoeing his garden. “Not much to it, just him talking to a cat he calls Cassandra, other animals around the place, and I think he talks to the plants in his garden too. Even for a Holey he's strange, and lastly, he calls himself Zac, at least that is what I think from listening to the tape.” 
The Director chuckled and leaned back in his chrome and black plastic chair as he listened. When Neil paused the image, the Director said, “You should use the proper term for this unfortunate, Neil. We must set a good example.” 
“Sorry Sir, This ‘Unreconstructed’ seems to be raising food. Again, Hunter's group estimates it to be just enough to support only one Hol. . . Ah, Unreconstructed and some animals.” Neil shifted from foot to foot wishing he could sit down, but the only chair in the cavernous office was the Director's. The Director had lectured Neil many times on the advantages of the lack of another chair in his day to day meeting with staff. Neil waited for the Director to speak again by watching the birds in the holographic jungle scene behind the Director's desk. He knew there was a security team watching him from behind it. Neil resisted the urge to wink at them. 
Rubbing his chin, the Director looked up at Neil and said, “This is just what we need with budget hearings coming up. We can use it to stir up some action. Get ourselves some big money. I can just see the headlines now; ‘Unreconstructed found -- are there more?’ I hope there are more. A little fear means a lot of money. We'll have to leak it slowly, and then pump it up fear-delusion until it is bigger than life. Scare the hell out of the leadership by scaring the population. Just how sure is Hunter that there is just one and this isn't a settlement or something?”
 “Point nine three eight.”
 “Damn! It’s too bad there aren't a few more, but that's about as close to certainty as you're going to get in this business.” The tone of his voice changed as he added, “I want this kept secret. Strictly on a no memory basis for now. Understand?” 
“No-mem for everyone?” 
“Everyone but Hunter and the two of us.” 
Neil made a note on his wrist link and then said, “It has been a long time since we've seen an Unreconstructed.” 
“At least twenty years . . . its been fifty-three years since the Holey War and I can't remember a living Unreconstructed since Wilson became Leader.” 
“What are we going to do with this one?” 
“Reconstruction, of course. He might even appreciate it with the limp he's got -- that was disgustingly human. Wasn't it?” The Director shook himself, “It's hard to believe we were all like that once -- guts, skin, and bone. Anyway, we've got the right to do it. We won the Holey War. We want to make sure this isn't a breeding colony. They could quickly over run us. That's their one advantage; they can create. We can take it in small steps with this one. Besides, we don't want him agreeing to reconstruction before the budget hearings are over or we might lose our advantage.” The Director smiled at Neil. 
“I was thinking more about what we were going to do now? Hunter's going to expect an answer or be told to do something.” 
“First thing I want you to do is to go meet this Unreconstructed. While you're doing that I'll do a little politicking and a lot of fear-spreading back here, and I want you in charge of the group that goes to get the Unreconstructed.” 
“That's going to make Hunter unhappy.” 
“Tough. I'll make it a Directive. A First Class Directive, but I'll throw him his bone, too. He's to be in charge of the security aspects of this thing, but you'll have complete jurisdiction of the Unreconstructed.” 
“What do you want me to do with this Hol . . . Unreconstructed?” Neil asked. 
“Just get to know him. Make him your friend. Make him your mem-mate, your true memory mate. You can draw on any, and I stress any, resources you need to do that. Put the fear of turn-off with no master memory in him about Hunter and his crew. If I know Hunter, he'll help you with that part. He'll put that crew of his in battle armor and take Mec-hounds, which reminds me that I'll talk to him before you go. I don't want this Unreconstructed hurt or killed by some stupid mistake he makes. Before he leaves this office I'll make sure Hunter knows that I'll get him turned off, fried, if anything happens to this Unreconstructed.” 
“How soon do you want me to go?” 
“As soon as possible. Drop your other stuff. There isn't any of it as important as this is. I want you in constant contact with me. Take one of our security vans and use it to contact me on a secure channel as soon as you have anything. Go see Hunter and send him up to see me as soon as we're done here. I want him impressed with my personal interest in this, and what better way to do that than to send my assistant.” 

 
Many floors below and out along the edge of the PRC headquarters building was Duncan Hunter's office. Hunter could have had one of the choice inner offices but he liked to look out on the world he policed through the heavy steel bars of his windows. Stopped to look thirty with rich dark hair and rugged features, women found him attractive until they saw his eyes. Even though glass had replaced flesh as in all Reconstructs, and glass can carry no feelings, Hunter's eyes carried a cruel, cold intensity. He was talking to Dolores Oaks. Stopped in her mid-thirties, she was a very attractive woman in her black uniform with the red markings of the science team and, thanks to her family, a politically powerful woman. It was one of the reasons Hunter was talking to her.
 She was asking, “How many of them are there?” 
“At least one, but there must be more,” Hunter answered.
 “It has been over twenty years since a Holey turned up. I thought they were all dead or reconstructed by Directive One. Are you sure?” 
“Look for yourself. Here's what one of the snoopers we dropped in picked up,” Hunter said turning and pushing a button on his desk. A screen appeared on the opposite wall. At first there were only greens; bushes, trees, and weeds, then something moved. The snooper's programming, inherited from its ancestors in the Holey War, took over; the scene froze and the thing that had moved grew larger and larger, caught by the snooper's freeze frame zoom. It stopped growing. It was Zac.
 Dolores walked over to the screen and studied him silently for an uncomfortably long time as Hunter watched, then slowly and deliberately she reached out to the screen, as if to touch the man in the image on the screen. 
Hunter could stand it no longer. He said sarcastically, “Always the anthropologist, aren't you, Dolores? Don't you realize that's a rotten Holey you're trying to touch? It’s just flesh and blood. Remember they’re not called Holeys for nothing. It still has functional body orifices. Doesn’t that bother you? Better dead than fed, I say!”
 Dolores did not bother to turn around or even raise her voice as she said, “Save that Reconstructionist propaganda for the dim witted button flickers you pick up. Don't try it on me -- my father probably wrote it anyway.”
 “It might be just propaganda to you, but to everybody else it is the truth. You're part of a dead profession, a profession that studied man, and what's worse that profession makes you a Holey Lover.” Hunter pointed to the PRC insignia symbolizing the triumph of technology over biology on the wall. “I swore to uphold the Directives because I believed in them and that symbol. Where would we be without Reconstruction? Up to our asses in kids, poverty, disease, and a hundred other nasty things. That is why we chose technology over biology. It was always the Holeys that wanted it that way instead of the nice clean comfortable world we have. I'm not some wishy-washy thinker like you. I'm action. I don't need to read books. I know what's right and I do it!” 
Dolores smile grew as Hunter's harangue continued and when he finished she said, “You never change, do you?” Holding up her hand she went on, “Don't answer. I already know what you'll say. If you're done with your jingo-chanting, let's get back to our friend here on the wall. How many more do you think there might be?” 
“I don't know. I remember back in The War there was a camp like this that looked like it had just one Holey. When we got there we ran into three hundred heavily armed Holeys. This area has got lots of extra heat sources from thermal springs so it makes infrared scans next to worthless. Snoopers show us just one, but he keeps talking to someone. That idiot Corrigan thinks the Holey is talking to a cat and, get this, the plants in his garden. There's more than one. You can bet on that. It's probably a breeding colony, and we'll be ready. There will be no creation as long as I'm Chief of Security. I'll take my best, Hunter's Rangers, in full battle armor,” Hunter said and then added, “And Mec-hounds.” 
“You know for Chief of Security, you don't know a hell of a lot. I'm hearing war stories, excuses about infrared sources, and that it's time to play soldier games. It's all a bunch of bull. You don't know. Why don't you just admit it?” Dolores tilted her head and turned up just the corners of her mouth in a smile as she finished speaking. 
Hunter tensed and then visibly relaxed as he said, “It's nice of you to keep reminding me why I got a divorce.” 
Dolores opened her mouth to say something and then shook her head as she said, “No, I'm not getting into that again. I know who divorced who regardless of what the records might say. I still got another question for you. Did you just invite me here to show me the pictures and then laugh at me or were you going to invite me along? Because if you aren't, I’m going to see the Director.” 
“You'll go. I'm waiting for Corrigan to get back to me right now, but I want you to remember one thing. This wipes out my debt. I don't owe you anything more. No more prowling the tanks questioning prisoners after this, okay?” 
Dolores turned to the barred window. “I've been waiting for this chance for the last seventeen years. I can't believe it, studying an Unreconstructed living this long after the war. It'll mean the lead in the Anthropology Section for several terms. My father can be proud of me.” 
“You and your damn father! Did you hear what I said? Is it a bargain? My debt is paid now. Remember.” 
“Not yet it isn't. Not until I'm face to face with these Holeys. You see Dear, I don't trust you,” Dolores said in falling tones with a half smile as she turned back to face him. 
Hunter opened his mouth as if to say something, then shaking his head he went to his desk and quickly entered something into the terminal on it. “There, everything we have on this area and the Holey is yours to look at. Use your security number and read it at your leisure, but this is a secure report so don't go telling your neighbors, or I'll just have to lock you up along with your Holeyness there on the wall!” 
Any answer that Dolores had was cut off by Hunter's desk announcing, or rather the security system in it, the arrival of Neil Corrigan in the outer office. 

Chapter 2
The next morning there was a hazy ruby red sun for Zac. He dressed in his handmade brown colored pants and bright green poncho style shirt. Talking to a fat gray tabby cat Zac said, “Didn't Cassandra come home last night? Do you suppose she's found a new Tom? Whatever, it looks like a hot one, Jesse. Best get my work done while it's still cool.” 
Jesse stood, stretched with a long slow paw-spreading, claw-extending motion, yawned, then turned around and curled up in a tiny ball to go back to sleep. 
Zac laughed. “Be glad cats never learned to use the hoe or I might just put you to work with me in the corn.” Zac worked in the garden hoeing and hand weeding until the middle of the morning. The Cicadas sang, the crows patrolled with constant chatter, and Zac's Banty rooster declared his kingship, all to the counterpoint of the hoe and dirt meeting. Twice he limped to the spring house for cold water, enjoying the icy core it gave him before returning to his hoeing. He stopped for an early lunch. He sliced some tomatoes and a large cucumber to which he added fresh dill and with the leftover cornbread and fried chicken from the spring house. It filled Zac. The meal, the morning's work, and the day's heat made him sleepy. He curled up in his hammock and went to sleep. Cassandra watched him from the edge of the woods until she knew it was time to hide. 


The Rangers, Neil, Hunter, and Dolores found him still sleeping peacefully a couple of hours later. 
The noise of their approach woke Zac, and he stirred.
 Hunter barked orders to his Rangers and then yelled at Zac, “Don't move or we'll shoot!”
“Any of you shoot and you won't come out of your next duping for a hundred years. I'll see to that personally.” Neil just raised his voice just above a conversational level.
 The Rangers looked first at Neil and then to Hunter. Hunter looked directly at Neil with white fury. Never taking his eyes from Neil's he said coldly, “He is the Director's representative here. Obey him, but mark these words for the next duping. If someone gets hurt it is his responsibility.” 
Zac watched from his homemade rope hammock with a puzzled look. After a moment he said, “Good day to you all. Can I get out of this and greet you properly?” 
“Sure,” Neil said smiling and walking about half way to the hammock. “My name's Neil Corrigan. What's yours?” 
Little sounds of shock escaped from even the highly trained Rangers as they watched Zac limp towards Neil. Even Neil who had seen the tapes was surprised by the impact the limp had on him in person. His first thoughts were to call a Struct-mec for Zac to fix the malfunctioning leg; after all, one does not appear in public with a malfunction. It was a disgusting thing to do, but a moment later the obvious pain in Zac's eyes reminded Neil he was dealing with a Holey and not a person. 
Hunter smiled and said, “Isn't that great? One of our mines got him.” 
Zac said, “I am Zachary Adams.” And extended his hand to Neil. After shaking hands with Neil he said, “Whatever that fellow was talking about,” Nodding toward Hunter, “He's wrong. It was my own foolishness that left me laid up like this. I broke this leg last winter trying to walk across some icy rocks.” 
Neil smiled at Hunter and enjoyed the return look. 
“What was he talking about?” Zac asked.
 “That's our security chief Duncan Hunter. I'm Neil Corrigan. He's talking about antipersonnel mines, little round plastic disks,” Neil said holding up his hands, “About this size and colored green and brown to blend into the landscape.” 
“Yes, I know what you mean. I call them chicken bangers. Chickens are about the only thing dumb enough to go near them. They set them off pecking on them, so I gave them things that name.” 
Neil looked around and asked, “Are there any around here now?” 
“No, I get rid of them whenever they show up, but it's been a long while since I seen any. I put a little chicken manure on top of them and the flies lay maggot eggs. The maggots are dumber than the chickens and they eat the soft plastic parts off the things. They're harmless then, and I bury them 'cause they stink pretty bad.” 
Neil looked again at Hunter who was busy talking into his link about fixing the mines. He wanted to laugh, but instead turned back to Zac and asked, “Who lives here besides you?” 
“There's Jesse, Cassandra, Ralph.” Zac continued with a list of names long enough to make even Neil look around for the other Holeys. 
Zac noticing everyone looking around said, “They aren't people. They're my animals. My cats, goats, and such. It might be foolish, but I like to name them. It's kind of like having a family that way. I feel less lonely.” 
Neil relaxed, but Hunter and the Rangers kept looking and looking and looking.
Zac asked pointing, “What are those things?” 
“Mec-Hounds,” Neil answered.
 “Ugly looking things, aren't they? That one over there by the edge of my garden has been creeping in and I don't want my garden crushed this late in the summer. Can you fellows get it out of there?”
 “Sure,” Neil turned again to Hunter and said, “Get those Mec-Hounds out of here.” Neil was happy to have a reason to see them go. He never had trusted their programming. It took the least little thing to set them off and an army to stop them. 
Dolores had been standing just behind Neil and stepped forward to say, “Besides growing your own food, do you have any other tricks you use to survive here?” 
Before Zac could answer Neil said, “I'm sorry. I should have introduced you to our anthropologist, Dolores Oaks.” 
“Glad to meet you, Ma'am,” Zac said as he bowed with his head. 
“Please call me Dolores, Mr. Adams,” She said. 
“And then you call me Zac, Ma'am. As far as tricks go, I am not sure what you mean?” 
“The little things you do to make life easier or to get more food. Those kinds of things, Zac.” 
Neil broke in again. “Excuse me, Dolores. Zac, would you mind if they looked around?” Pointing to Hunter and the Rangers.
 “No, go right ahead, but watch the fresh dug places. I just got my late summer planting done for fall crops and some of it is just starting to come up. If it gets stepped on it's likely to kill it.” 
Neil nodded to Hunter and said, “You heard him, be careful.”
 Hunter barked a few orders and the Rangers fanned out into a search formation to sweep the area. Hunter said, just loud enough to be overheard, to one of his officers, “Leave them. If they get their asses shot up, it's Corrigan's fault.” 
“That fellow isn't very trusting, is he?” Zac asked.
 Neil smiled and shook his head as he said, “No, but security people never can be trusting. It's their job to be suspicious.” 
“And the part that Hunter loves best.” Dolores added. 
“I'm forgetting my manners. Come on up to the house and set on the porch a spell. I don't have much to offer you but water or mint tea. It's good mint though. I grew it.” 
Neil and Dolores exchanged looks before Neil said, “No thanks, Zac. Would you mind showing us around?”
 Dolores did not give Zac a chance to answer. She asked, “Do you know we're Reconstructed and that we don't eat or drink? Or do you even know about Reconstruction?” 
“I'm sorry if I said something wrong. I didn't mean to. I guess I never thought about not eating or drinking. It just comes so natural to me as a way of offering hospitality. I know a little about Re . . . construction,” Zac said.
 Neil frowned at Dolores, shook his head, and said to Zac, “Don't feel you should apologize. We can tell you all about Reconstruction later. I'm wondering what that building is?” He pointed to what he knew was Zac's house. It had long ago shed its paint to turn a dirty wood gray in color. Neil thought that it had never been much more than a box of wood with a porch and a roof.
 “That's my house. I picked it out of all in this valley because it had the orchard there, but mostly 'cause it had a whole roof. Most of the other house's roofs let the rain in. There little to patch roofs with here. Most of the cedar so small the shingles I can split out don’t cover much.” 
“What is the little stone building over there by the stream?” Neil asked. 
“That's my spring house. I built it out of stone last fall from the old quarry about a half mile east of here. Over that way.” Zac pointed. “That limestone is almost pure white so it reflects the sun good in the summer. With the cold spring water it keeps my food cool, so it doesn't spoil in warm weather.” 
“What's that little bit bigger building?” Dolores asked pointing to a sway backed building made in part of logs and cover with a tin roof. 
“That's my barn. I'd guess the oldest building here. My chickens and goats live there.” 
“Does your garden give you everything you need to feed yourself?” Dolores asked. 
“Mostly, I do get eggs and milk from my animals. I also do some trapping for meat and hides, but that's in the fall and winter.” 
Dolores said something into her link and Zac looked at her questioningly. She smiled and said, “Oh, I am having what you say recorded back in my lab to study later.” 
“That's her job,” Neil said trying to explain.
“If that's what she wants to do,” Zac shrugged.
 They made their way to the porch. “Have a seat. That cane chair is mighty comfortable. The stump stool is a bit hard but it does its job. I'll just sit here on the bottom step so's I can stretch this bad leg of mine out straight. It's hard to bend, and it gets stiff if I sit too long with it bent” 
They sat on the porch with boards so worn by feet that there were little valleys and hills and talked. Dolores asked many questions about how Zac lived. Jesse joined them on the porch and after inspecting each of the visitors curled up in Neil's lap to sleep. Neil watched Zac. 
Zac looked up at the sky and the gathering tall clouds. “Look's like we'll have thunderstorms later. Don't look very bad. It'll do the corn good. It has been dry this year and it'll be a real short crop if we don't get a lot more rain.” 
“How do you know it's going to rain?” Neil asked. 
Dolores answered for Zac, “His leg hurts him more when storms are coming. I was just reading about that the other day. It said some people could predict the weather that way. There were some advantages to biology, but don't tell Hunter.”
 “I'm sorry Ma'am, but that isn't right. It wasn’t from my leg. I know what you mean though. It does hurt more during bad weather. Cold makes it hurt the worst. It was from other natural things that I knew about the rain coming; I saw no dew this morning; there was a red sunrise; and the birds have been flying low; and all that means rain. After chores, I watched the weather on television this morning, and they said it was going to rain later today too.”
 “You have television?” Neil asked surprised. 
“Sure, it's one of those sun powered jobs with batteries to store enough power so you can watch at night. You can see the solar cell on the roof there.” 
“Do you have any other electronic things?” Dolores asked. 
“I got a radio, a music machine, and some other stuff I don't use.” 
Hunter, who had just walked up, interrupted. “We found nothing close in. Satellites show storm clouds building to the west of us. I suggest we set up camp before they get here.”
 “I agree,” Neil said glancing up at the gathering clouds. The tops were now black and growing darker. They left Zac to go back to their vehicles and bring them to the farm to set up camp. 
 
Chapter 3
The bullet shaped black Security Van provided complete privacy, nothing entered or left without the computer in the van approving the transaction. Neil liked to call it the reign of Silicon.  From the outside the van looked like another one of the PRC's many service vehicles, not much bigger than a small bus, but from the inside it was much more. It had an office with secure communications. Its only other room could serve as a comfortable one room home on wheels, as it was now doing. It was furnished in all chrome and clear plastics.
 Neil watched his reflection in the shiny surface of the metal desk as he waited for the Director to return his call. His image shimmered and quivered as he moved, never a perfect reflection, always a caricature, always an illusion of the real thing. Neil mused about Zac and himself. I wonder what it was like to be a Holey? What would it be like to hurt when the weather got cold? I don't remember anything like that. I never did. They did everything they could when they made my master memory. In fact, they did a great job according to the Director, but I still wonder what it was like being a Holey. Could Zac tell me? And so it went until Neil decided that Zac could no more tell him what it was like to be a Holey than he could tell Zac what it was like to be a Reconstructed. Neil studied the imperfect reflection of his face, again, very carefully. Stopped in his late twenties, his age was more than three times his looks. So much today is different than it looks he thought, and, I guess I am just another example of that. Neil glanced at the clock, frowned, and then to kill more time tried to force a few stray hairs back into place on his blond wig using the security camera picture on the desk monitor as a mirror. A full half hour later the Director called.
“Sorry I am so late getting back to you. I wanted to talk to both Oaks and Hunter first. Both their mem techs will get loop locked working those two master memories at their next repack. That pair sure is thinking. They must be burning energy at max rate.” 
“Yes sir, it is a good thing our brains don't have any moving parts.” 
The Director smiled. The satellite link provided a clear picture even this far from headquarters with all the scrambling. “Anything I should know about yet?” 
“I'm not sure. What do you make of Hunter insisting that there are more Holeys than Zac? The probability he gave us was over point nine that there was just this one.” 
There was a decided delay before the Director answered, “I think I am responsible for that.” 
“How? Why?” 
“I wanted to keep Hunter too busy looking for more Unreconstructeds to bother you, so I reminded him of the old ambushes from the war. I had all the tapes pulled from the files where our forces had thought there was just one or at most a few Unreconstructeds, and it turned out to be an ambush or a trap. I sent the tapes in a security pack to him an hour before you left with a personal note from me to watch out.” 
“It seems to be working. He's already made one close-in sweep looking for more Unreconstructeds. Did you get to do any of the politicking you had planned?” 
“I did. Remember the member of the Directorate who is always doing remakes? You never know from week to week or day to day who or what he is going to look like. Well, I saw him today at a meeting. He's just as weird as ever. He's been remade to look like someone from an old forgotten war. He was wearing some kind of brown uniform and sunglasses. Wants everyone to call him General some-thing-or-other. If he wasn't one of the Directorate, they'd do a slash and trash job on his master memory. But I think that'll work to our advantage in this case. I planted the idea that the hills out there are full of Holeys waiting to come and get the Directorate. Just like in his old war days as general-whatever. It worked. He's so into self-pleasuring that most of his brain is in an endless pleasure loop. He never connects with reality anymore. You know what he did? He ordered his security detail doubled. Right there! It's budget time. He doesn't even have enough of his mind left working to wonder if this might all be a trick to get more money for the Directorate. What a blank mem he is. Watch Hunter. He's thinks this might be a budget trick. Anyway, tomorrow I'll go after another one of the Directorate, but I got to be careful. If I disturb Wilson, we could get our budget cut rather than increasing it. I'll just tell them about this one Unreconstructed and do a little hinting. Imagination will do the rest.” 
“I understand. I didn't have much chance to talk to the Unreconstructed. His full name is Zac Adams, but I guess the others told you that. Our time was short, Dolores had questions, and I guess I got carried away just watching him and thinking. He's fascinating to watch. I can't ever remember being around a Hol..ah, Unreconstructed like him.” 
“Be careful, Unreconstructeds can be tricky.” 
“Yes sir,” Neil said, but he knew already careful was impossible. 
“Too bad there's just the one. It's going to be hard to get money out of this.” 
“I was thinking about that. He looks just like someone's stopped grandfather who has never gone in for a remake. So I was wondering with the limp and the bad leg if we might get some sympathy for him by displaying him.” 
The Director shook his head before even starting to answer. “No, he's too odd, too disgusting. You don't appear in public with a malfunction that bad. It would make people sick and might even cost us money. He should have foot long teeth, growl, and spout Holey propaganda. That would help us. Even better would be a breeding colony with kids. That would scare them into more money for us.” 
“It was just an idea. I have another question. How did Dolores Oaks find out about the Unreconstructed and is it okay if she does her study?” 
“Allowing her to do the study will make her our friend, remember who her family is. And we can use the results, too. She heard about this through Hunter. He owed her some debt. It is my bet and my guess is it is something left over from their marriage. I suspect it was letting him divorce her, instead of the other way around. You know Wilson and divorces. How he wants to keep the family part of our culture.  Hunter couldn't risk being the wrong one in a divorce. He had to divorce her. Anyway, it was his choice, and it works all to our advantage,” A moment later the Director added, “Watch her and get to know her. It would be to our advantage. It might be useful in budget fights with Hunter too.” 
“Okay, it's hard to believe those two were ever married. They're about as different as you can get.” 
“I agree. Maybe it is the old saw about opposites attracting. Back to business. After we finish, I want you to get Hunter to call me on this circuit and from your van. I know this circuit is safe, and I don't trust his.” 
“Should I tell him that?” 
“No, don't tell him anything. I don't want him putting it out over his circuits later and letting lesser friends in on what I'm thinking. Just tell him I want to talk to him. I'll make it easy for you. I won't tell you what I want to talk to him about and then you won't have to lie to him.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
 
Chapter 4
“There is something funny about that Holey. In fact, there's something screwy about this whole damn thing,” Hunter said to Dolores as they sat in his black and gold van. Twice the size of Neil's, it had offices for several people and a large conference room. Dolores was using one of the offices, but at the moment she and Hunter were sitting alone in the large conference room talking. It was furnished with chairs and tables in black anodized metal with gold trim and amber plastic.
“Why do you say that?” Dolores asked not bothering to look up. 
“This,” Hunter produced a little black plastic box and handed it to Dolores who turned it over and examined the display on one side. 
“What is it?” 
“A Holey meter, something that was developed in the Holey War. It can tell if someone is real or just a Holey.” 
“How?” 
“It measures all kinds of things like skin temperature, energy output, and a dozen other things. It also checks to see what is real and what is just skin and bone. It gives a reading then on the meter. A Holey will read one hundred percent. That thing out there doesn't come close to a hundred.” 
“What do you mean; isn't he a Holey? Are you trying to get funny with me?” 
“No, I'm just doing my job, and I don't know for sure. If he had some kind of replacement before the war he might read like that, but I don't think he's old enough. Besides, the Director is acting funny, and it's budget time. A Holey showing up now seems a little too convenient and then he did a strange thing before we left.” 
“What?” 
“He sent me a bunch of tapes about Holey ambushes from the war. Told me he didn't want me to let my guard down just because there was just one Holey. You know as well as I do that the Director doesn't care about anybody’s master-mem but his own. I got a feeling something is going on. Did he say anything to you?” Hunter asked. 
“No, I didn't even hear from him. I wouldn't have expected to.”  
“I think he's up to something.” Hunter paced.
“What would he be doing? Raising a Holey scare to get his budget upped?” She stopped. A look of horror came over her, “Damn it! If this whole thing is a fake, it is no good to me. I'll be the laughingstock of the Anthro Section and just when I might get to head it. My father will think I’m crazier than ever. What can we do? How can we make sure it's really a Holey and not something the Director put together? He's said to have had Creats made. Remember that assassin of Carlos? There was talk he was a creation, a Creat. It's possible.” 
“You're right and Neil Corrigan is not as dumb as he looks or acts. I'll bet he either knows or has a good idea about what is going on here. We need to keep a watch on him, especially when he's together with that Holey. If it's a setup, he might say something to give their plan away. That's where you can help. You're supposed to be studying that thing, so just make sure to be around whenever they are together. If I was there all the time, it might make them suspicious.” 
“I've got something even better than that.” She pulled out a small silver colored box and handed it to Hunter. “Open it. Each of these little things is called an ‘Observor.’ They can be programmed to follow someone or something. They're good for about six months before their energy pack gives out. They can even be programmed to avoid following somewhere where they might get damaged. Say, following a whale under the water if we were watching whales. In fact, that is where they came from or at least the idea for them, out of animal research. That's why they look like flies, to blend into natural surroundings.” 
“Just sound or sound and picture?” Hunter asked examining the contents of the box. 
“Both. They're real sophisticated. We developed them in case we ever wanted to study a group and not have them know it was being done. It has a direct uplink to a satellite.”
 “Might have other uses too,” Hunter said not seeming to follow Dolores explanation. 
“I'll have to get permission to use them from Neil. They're a restricted device.” 
“You can do it. Turn on your charm, offer him some button time. It'll give us an idea too about what's going on. If he doesn't like the idea, it will mean this is all staged to get budget money. If you can't get permission, I've got some things I can use, and they won't be as pleasant for the Holey as your Observor.” 

Hunter's link announced that someone was approaching the van. It was Neil. 
Neil entered and turned to Hunter. “The Director wants to talk to you. He wants you to use the communications in the Directorate Security Van.” 
“Do you know what he wants?” Hunter asked. 
“No, he said he wouldn't tell me so that I wouldn't have to lie to you.” 
Hunter frowned at Dolores who shrugged her shoulders in response. Hunter asked again, “You don't have any idea? He must have said something.” 
“Nothing I can think of. In fact, thinking about it he really didn't have much to say to me. What was important he could have said in just a couple of minutes, but we talked for a half hour or more.”
 “I'll go call.” Hunter started toward the door and then stopped. “Will the van open for me?” 
“Sure, I programmed both your and Dolores' ID's into it before we left,” Neil paused and asked, “Will your van open for me if you're not here?” 
Hunter's mouth opened wordlessly, but a second later he recovered and shook his head. “No, it won't. I forgot to program in your ID. It got lost in the rush to get all the things done before we left. I'll program it as soon as I get back.” He was out the door before Neil could say anything more. 
The rumble of not too distant thunder came through the door before Hunter closed it. “The thunderstorms are getting real close. It won't be long before we have rain,” Neil said. 
Dolores did not answer. She studied his face for clues; clues she wasn't sure could be there. 
Neil did not notice her look. “You know, it's funny but the only real danger here at the moment seems to be the thunder storms with their lightning and hail, but the Director just took time to warn me about the Unreconstructed. The Director is a good person to work for.” 
“Good person mem-slip! You know better than that. You're no dim BF’er. You know he only cares about the Director, his budget, his PRC, his master-mem, and nothing else.” 
Neil stared at Dolores open mouthed for moment. “Why so mad? Did you and Hunter fight again?” 
Dolores stood up as if to come at him. Neil took a step back. 
She said, “You'd like me to do something dumb, so you could get me out of here wouldn't you? Well, I'm not going to and you're not going to provoke me.” 
Neil remembered the Director's order to get to know Dolores, “Provoke you? No, I wasn't. I don't know what I did, but I know when I'm not wanted. I'll leave.” He opened the van door as a few big drops of rain started to fall. He turned back to Dolores and said, “I don't want to bother Hunter. I'll make a run for the Unreconstructed's house and talk to him.” 
Before Dolores could answer there was the flash of lightning followed almost immediately by the sharp crack of thunder. Involuntarily, she took a step back. 
“I'll make a run for it between strokes,” Neil yelled as he slammed the door and ran toward Zac who was sitting on the porch. 
“Damn mem-slips,” Dolores said out loud. “I should have followed him. Those two could be planning something, but I'm not going to get myself and my energy pack fried by lightning. No remake for me. What could they talk about this soon anyway?” 
 
Chapter 5
Neil reached the dryness of the wooden porch just ahead of another flash and crack of lightning. 
Zac who was sitting on the ornate wooden railing that still survived on one end of the porch said, “Best go on in now. The wind will whip the rain around, and we'll get wet if we stay out here.” 
Dolores watched them go into the old weather beaten house just before a curtain of rain was drawn between her and the house. “Now I can't even see them. I got to get over there as soon as the storm eases up a little.” 
Zac closed the screen door behind them. “I'd like a little music. Mind if I do some playing and singing?” 
“No, go ahead. I like music.” Neil examined the turned wood posts between two rails on the screen door and the millwork of some long dead mill.
 Zac produced a small electronic device. The sounds it made were of a guitar. 
Neil turned and faced Zac. He smiled at the words of the song Zac sang. They were familiar words. It was a song of another place and another time with children and the love within a family. A blank time in Neil's memory, a mystery, and a time he never tired of hearing about in other's lives. 
As Zac finished the third song Dolores came in the door, she said, “I wanted to say I'm sorry, Neil. I shouldn't have gotten mad at you. Forgive me?” 
“Sure,” Neil smiled. He was not sure what else he dared to say.
“Then, if I'm forgiven, can I join you two?” 
“Happy to have you,” Zac said and pointing to a chair added. “Sit down and relax. I'm playing a little music. It makes me feel better and gets me to thinking. Old age makes you think in ruts because you have been around so long doing things the same way. Music gets you out of those ruts.” 
Dolores smiled and nodded. She felt she understood. Those were the thoughts of a Holey. She hoped Hunter and his meter was wrong.
The song Zac played and sang was about the love of a mother for her family. 
As the song ended Hunter came in and stood beside the door.
 Zac said, “That song always reminds me of the old saying, ‘Mother, not maker. Born, and not made.’” 
“Holey Propaganda,” Hunter said. 
“No, not really. It's from an old poem,” Neil said. 
“You read my report on the origins of propaganda slogans?” Dolores said to Neil ignoring Hunter. 
“Yes, I always read your reports. They’re among the most interesting I see. I read every report and pass the best of them on to the Director in a shorter form.” 
“Still propaganda,” Hunter said, again.
 “Not really,” Dolores said turning toward him, “Those are words from a poem written by someone called . . .” Dolores paused and waited for the information. It came imperfectly. “I'm sorry. I don't remember the poet's name, but it is something like Algernon Swinburn. He lived a long time before the Holey War. The members of my staff who found those lines for me told me he wrote a poem with my name, Dolores, as the title and that's why I remembered him. They told me it was a very good poem. I never saw it.” 
Zac chuckled. His thinning white hair was still wind blown giving him a wild look.
Dolores looked at him and said, “Did I say something funny?” 
“No, I was just enjoying your little discussion. It's been a time since I heard people chat back and forth. It brings back good memories.” 
“Dolores,” Hunter said, “Did you clear that item with Neil?” 
“Oh, No. We didn't talk much.” Dolores looked at Neil. 
“Not much at all. “ Neil smiled and pretended to duck. 
“Why don't you take him outside and ask him?” Hunter asked ignoring Neil's actions. 
Zac had begun to play the music to the last song he had sung as they talked and seemed to take no notice of their exchanges. 
Dolores and Neil went out on the now wet porch.
 Hunter asked, “Do you know the ‘Trooper's March’?” 
Zac did not look up and started to play another melody. 
“That's it. I'm surprised you know it.” 
“It had another name long ago. It's always been a stirring piece of march music.” Zac looked up at Hunter as he played. “You know that woman there has some pretty strong feelings about that young man.” 
“Him?” Hunter looked at Zac, then at the door and then back at Zac. “What in the hell are you trying to do? Stir up trouble between us? What's your game? The Director told you to do that?” 
“I haven't got any game. I was just saying what I was seeing.” 
Dolores and Neil came back in, Hunter asked, “Did you get it worked out?” 
“It seemed okay with me. This case looks just like what the Second Class Directive had in mind when it was issued. I checked on my link, and it came back okay,” Neil said. 
Dolores hid the box she was holding from Zac. She opened the box, entered something into her link and a very ordinary looking housefly escaped the box and took refuge on the ceiling. Dolores checked her link and smiled at Hunter.
 He nodded ever so slightly in return and said, “The Director wanted me to sit down and go over some things with you Neil. Why don't we leave these two together and go back to my van and get them taken care of?” 
“Sounds good to me. It'll get us out of Dolores' hair too. She needs time with Zac.” 
Hunter and Neil left together. 
Zac asked, “Do you enjoy reading poetry?” 
“I guess so. I never thought about enjoying it. It was just something I had to do. It was part of my job.” 
“What is your job?” 
“I study Man, Holeyness.” 
Zac put his music maker away before saying, “I noticed that you don't like that Hunter fellow much. Would you mind telling me why?” 
Dolores opened her mouth to say something and then closed it and shook her head no. “How did you know that?” 
“Just by watching. You're a lot stiffer when he's around. On the other hand, you really seem to like the other fellow.” 
Dolores glanced up at the Observor/fly and shrugged and tried to sound uninterested as she said, “I guess I just like some people better than others. I wanted to ask you some questions, if you don't mind.” 
“You go right ahead, but I'm not sure I have the answers for you.” Zac stood and walked over to a shelf and put his instrument on it.
“How long have you lived here?” 
“Just over a year, but I've lived in this valley ever since I was found.” 
“Found? I don't understand.” 
“That's what it was. I was found. Down on the highway you had to use to get here. It was sometime during the early part of the war. I was too young to remember it. I guess my people were going somewhere and got caught by a patrol. They were killed or hauled off. I was wounded and knocked out. Being out cold saved me according to my mother. I guess being small and unconscious in the tall weeds helped too. It was late summer.” 
“Then your mother survived too.” 
“No, not that I know of. The woman who brought me to the cave and raised me is the one I call mother. I can't remember my biological mother. I don't remember anything before the cave.” 
Dolores looked at his face for any clues. All she could see was a sad old man. “Is that why you called that woman mother?” 
“Yes. She . . . ah, they raised me.” 
“They? Who are they?” 
“There was quite a group living then. It must have been over a hundred. They raised me, but I always thought of the woman who fixed me up and kept me as my mother. I had to learn everything all over again. At least I think I did. Like I said, I don't remember much before being here.” 
“What do you remember?” 
“Just pieces. They're flashes. Kind of like the lightning we just had.” 
“What happened to the rest of the group? Are any of them still around?” 
“They're all dead. We never had any children here so the number of people just kept going down. My mother said it was because they sprayed something here. Nothing had babies, no baby birds, no little fish, no nothing in this valley until a few years ago, but by then it was too late. Everyone was too old for babies. My animals all came from another valley.” Zac sat down in a roughly made ladder backed chair.
“How long have you been alone?” 
“Last summer Lady died.” 
“Lady was the woman who raised you?” 
“No.” Zac smiled. “She was my wife. We were alike. She was found by the road too when she was a kid. Lots of kids were just left after their parents were captured.” 
“Those were the trooper’s orders. Do you have a picture or something you could show me of Lady?” Dolores asked leaning forward in anticipation and forgetting the Holey Meter. 
 
Chapter 6
In Hunter's van Neil was saying, “I don't know what you mean.” 
“Get off it. This is a secure van. You can talk. What in the hell is the Director really up to with that thing over in the house?” Hunter asked. 
“Nothing. Sure, he hopes it will improve our budget chances. If that's what you mean.” 
“Yes, that's exactly what I mean. Now where did he get this thing?”
 “I don't understand. You found Zac, not us.” 
“Isn't it just a little unusual that this thing would just happen to turn up right at budget time?” 
“Are you suggesting the Director set this up?” 
“Yes, and I'll tell you why. My Holey Meter says that thing is a fake,” Hunter said producing the meter from his pocket and held it in front of Neil. 
Neil frowned and took the meter from Hunter's hand. He turned it over and read the equipment plate on the back. “These things were never very accurate. They went bad both ways and that's why every Director and member of the Directorate still has a hologram in their office. Too many got killed because these things failed to pick up a Holey. Even the weather screwed these things up. Storms like we just had made them unusable and unreliable.” Neil wondered where that information came from. He couldn't remember ever seeing a Holey Meter before. It must have been in a report he had read for the Director. 
Hunter smiled. “I thought you might say that so I just checked that thing with a second meter, this one, and it reads just like the first one.” Holding a second meter in front of Neil. “Face it, I've found out your little trick to up your budget. Your fake Holey won't work with me.” 
Neil shook his head and stood up. “You get the weirdest ideas, Hunter. A fake Holey wouldn't work for the Director either, because the Director is going to have him Reconstructed. I'm not sure, but I'll bet with lots of PR. May even put him on television during the reconstruction. He wouldn't risk a fake that could be found out. To get money for the PRC, he's got to show how the Reconstruction Policy is more than just hollow words even fifty some years after the war. A fake Holey won’t do that and could cost the department everything.” 
Hunter studied Neil. Finally he said, “He's sure got your loyalty programmed. There is just something fishy about this thing. Did you know the Director sent me tapes of the ambushes from the war?” 
Neil chuckled. “Yes, he wanted you to be so busy looking for more Holeys that I could have time with Zac without you around. The second reason was everyone knows how much you hate Holeys, and we didn't know what you might do when we first got here.” 
“Sure, my parents were killed before they could convert. I hate all Holeys for that, but I'm more professional than that. Besides the Director made it clear what would happen if I mem-slipped this thing up early on.” Hunter fell silent again. 
Neil watched him waiting. 
Finally, Hunter sat, “I'm still not sure that the Director isn't up to something. There's a wrong feel about this thing. If it's not you or the Director, and I don't believe all you said, then it's that thing.” 
“I don't think so,” Neil said, moving across the carpeted floor toward the door, “I think your job makes you doubt everything and that's the way it should be. That's what makes you a good Security Chief.” He opened the door and started out toward his van. 
 Mr. Neil Corrigan you're headed for the scrap heap, Hunter thought. I'll personally throw you on it after they fry your master mem. Nothing as weird as you can play games with me and get away with it. I’ll bet the rumors are right, and you’re a Creat. Nothing but an invention of the Director.
 
Chapter 7
Several of Hunter's troopers were lounging around the outside of Zac's house, but none were on the porch. Neil nodded to the one closest to the door as he entered and was ignored. Neil frowned because he knew troopers never lounged. 
“Howdy son,” Zac said, “Come on in and join the rest of us. We're talking, and I'm fixing supper.” 
Hunter was sitting in a cane chair beside the door arms folded across his chest. Dolores was sitting at a kitchen table running her finger absently around one handle of a battered metal colander as Zac removed the blossom and stem ends of green beans then broke them into pieces and tossed them into the colander. The room was almost square. Neil could see another smaller room through an open door opposite the door he had just entered. He guessed it was Zac's bedroom even though he couldn’t see a bed. Just behind Zac and Dolores was an old stove, a true antique, a wood burner from another time. Neil took a couple of steps toward the table and then stopped to look around more carefully than he had before. 
On the wall opposite the door were bookcases filled with books, enjoyment books -- fiction, poetry, and history. Their age, like much in Zac's house, was unsure but old. Every now and then the books were interrupted by a delicately colored glass bowl or a brightly colored china plate. The other walls served Zac too. They were open air storage bins with everything Neil could imagine hung on them; there were clothes, pots and pans, dried herbs, ropes, sacks, tools, parts of old machinery, and a thousand other items he couldn't identify. But it was a large picture of a woman hanging just over the chair where Hunter was sitting that stopped Neil's searching eyes. She was stopped in her late fifties or early sixties, still a very attractive woman. She must have been a stunningly beautiful young woman. Neil would have gone and looked closer, except Hunter was sitting beneath the picture. He turned back toward Dolores and Zac.
 Dolores said over the crackling sounds of the fire in the stove. “Zac has been telling us about his garden. He grows beans, peas, tomatoes, cucumbers, corn, potatoes, squash, and next to the apple orchard he has strawberries and raspberry bushes.” She used her fingers to count off the produce, but she seemed disinterested in gardens and food. 
Zac asked, “Do you remember how any of those fruits or vegetables taste? I already asked the others here.” 
Neil shook his head. “I don't remember anything of what it was like to be an Unreconstructed.” 
“I think I remember what strawberries tasted like,” Dolores said, not looking up as she continued to toy with the colander’s handle. 
Hunter shook his head and made a face of disgust. 
“How come you don't remember anything, son?” Zac asked. 
“I was wounded when they found me. I'm only a fragment of what I was.” 
“What do you mean, fragment?” 
For the first time since they had arrived, Neil thought, Zac seemed interested, really interested, in something about them. “That's kind of hard to explain,” Neil paused a moment -- “What do you know about Reconstruction?” 
“Not much. Has it got something to do with this fragment thing?” 
“Yes, in a way,” Neil said as he sat down at the table next to Dolores. The table cloth was a red and yellow check, very clean, and edged in true hand tatting. “It would be easier for you to understand what a fragment is if I explained about Reconstruction. A lot of people don't know it, but Reconstruction started long ago. I noticed you have a lot of books around here. Do you have any pirate stories?” 
“A couple ,” Zac answered with a puzzled look. 
“Any of the pirates have a peg leg?” 
“Sure.” 
“Well, the peg leg was probably one of the first steps in Reconstruction. Something biological had failed or been lost and was replaced with something man made. It was slow at first because science wasn't there to help.  The next things were either glasses or false teeth, and they weren't very advanced technically.” Neil stopped to watch Zac add more wood to the stove. 
Zac said, “Go ahead. I can listen and work.” 
Neil continued, “It was a long time before they started to replace parts of bones with metal and parts of organs with plastic and cloth, like heart valves and metal and plastic for joints. That brought about the next step, whole replacements for organs. It accelerated into almost all the organs and most other parts of the body. Many older people before Reconstruction had over half their bodies made up of synthetic replacement parts.” 
Hunter, who had leaned forward as Neil spoke, broke in. “That's when the real break-through in thinking came.” 
“What was that?” Zac asked. 
 Hunter said, “Realizing that biological systems were weak, almost useless. People were still dying from unreplaced parts. There was disease and hunger. It wasn't until Phillips proved we could replace the whole - all biological systems that Reconstructionism thinking really began and Holeyness ended.” 
“He's kind of jumping ahead there,” Neil said and looked at Hunter. He was surprised at Hunter becoming talkative. 
Hunter nodded, “Go ahead, you're doing a good job.” 
“There remained one problem that seemed like it would never be solved. It was the brain. Some thought about just transplanting it into a technological support system. Sort of leaving it half biological, but feeding it and getting it oxygen with tech systems.” Neil paused. “But it wasn't any good because blood vessels in the brain could and would fail sooner or later. Then there was the problem of the number of nerve cells, brain cells, you lose some all the time, the ones that die. Over time it would reduce you to a vegetable. It wasn't until someone found out how to read memories electronically that the next step was taken.” 
Hunter broke in, “Black. The man's name was Gregory Black. He developed the ‘reader’.” 
“Reader?” Zac asked. 
“The permanent change in the brain makes up a memory. It's not difficult to explain. It’s nothing more than the changes that take place in the brain that allows you to remember something,” Neil said. 
“Makes sense that's how remembering is done. It's funny how things turn out to be so simple once you know how they work. Is it the same thing for both you and me, since you're rebuilt? I mean, does your brain work like mine?” 
Neil laughed. “No, it's different for me. I was describing the biological system.” 
“This ‘reader’ thing then can read your mind?” Zac asked. 
Dolores said, “No, not like that. It has to be hooked up to you with wires and all.”  She looked up from the colander.
Neil continued, “Reconstruction then is building a replica of a person, reading their memories and then putting them into the replica.” 
“Do these replicas have to look like the person they're replacing?” Zac asked. 
Dolores smiled and Hunter shook his head. 
“There is no reason they have to theoretically, but it has been found that at least for the first remake that it is best to come out looking like you went in. You don't feel any different when come to, so it's best you come to looking just like you went in. After you get used to it you can be stopped at any age,” Neil said. 
“Stopped?” 
“The age at which you look. I'm stopped in my late twenties. Hunter's stopped about. . .” Neil looked at Hunter, “I'd say early thirties. My boss, the Director, stopped about sixty, but none of us are the age we look. I can't tell you about the others but I think I am in my seventies or eighties.” 
“That would make you older than me. What happens then if people don't come out looking like themselves?” 
“It makes them go a little crazy.” 
“A little?” Hunter snorted. 
“Well, it drove some people crazy. It took a lot of work to straighten them out again. It took a lot of fuzzing to kill the Afreet controlling them. That's a memory that got too big and controlled their lives,” Neil said. 
“Reconning brings out the worst in most people. It took mega fuzzing to get the world working again, but that's only because we didn’t have time to perfect things with the war on,” Dolores said. 
“Do you have to look like a man? Could I look like Jesse there?” Zac asked pointing at the cat sleeping in the warmth of the stove. 
“I don't think so because of the power supply and other size problems with equipment. Theoretically, I guess you could look like a tiger or lion,” Neil said. 
“There are Manchines,” Dolores said. 
“What are they?” Zac asked. 
“Manchines are machines and men in one unit; generally it has been transportation vehicles. Most people can't tolerate being in other than human form, but a few, like ship's captains, were so wedded to their work they became their work. There are Directives about who can become a Manchines, and there are rules against becoming an animal,” Dolores said. 
“Directives?” Zac asked. 
“Directives are just formal rules, laws, that govern how we run things,” Neil said. 
“Makes sense that you'd need them, but I wonder what happens when someone is . . . Ah, what do you say? How do you call someone being rebuilt?” 
“They're called Reconstructed, reconning for short,” Neil said. 
“Then what happens to their body?” 
“It's thrown away.” 
“Does it die because of the transfer?” 
“No, it doesn't. It has to be destroyed,” Hunter said. 
“I can see that I got a lot to learn, but why do it?” Zac asked. 
“If you got the technology, you better use it or it's wasted. It is always better than biology,” Hunter said. 
Zac shrugged and went over to a wooden box about four feet on a side and opened it. From the straw lining the box he produced a cast iron pot and carried it using well-worn flowered potholders to the table. “Part of my supper. It'd be too hot to eat right now, but by the time the beans are done it'll be cool enough to eat.” 
“What is it?” Neil asked. 
“It's dried corn with the last of the chicken I had the other day with some sage for seasoning.” 
Neil stood and went over to the box and moved the hay on top of it to look into it. “I don't understand. How could you cook in this? There's no source of heat.” 
“It's an old fashioned thing. Brought the pot to a boil this morning and put it in there to cook. The straw keeps the heat in and I don't have to watch it. Can't afford to cook things that take a lot of watching.”
 Neil sat back down at the table. 
Dolores frowned at Hunter who shook his head slightly as if to say, “No.” 
Neil watched as Zac continued to prepare his supper. What little talk there was took place between Zac and Neil about the how's of preparing a meal. 
Finally Zac sat down and started to eat. Dolores looked away, but a moment later jumped up and ran outside. Hunter stared at Neil, but finally he too retreated out the door. 
Zac looked puzzled. “What's wrong? Did I do something I shouldn't have?” 
“No,” Neil said, “You're putting things into your mouth. That's all.” 
Zac shook his head and arched his eyebrows in a question. His mouth was full of beans. 
“Putting things into your mouth is a normal part of any Unreconstructed life, but putting things into a Reconstructed mouth could damage the speech making center, so when they do a reconstruction, they build in an aversion to putting things into your mouth as protection. Hunter and Dolores were reacting properly to their aversion program.” 
His mouth now empty, Zac asked, “How come it doesn't bother you?” 
“I can feel it, but it isn't that bad. I know I'm different. I think it's because I'm a fragment. I've noticed other differences too.” 
“What's a fragment?” 
“I was almost dead when they found me, but they read as many memories out of my brain as they could, but part of the brain was already dead.” 
They chatted through the meal. About midway through Zac said, “I've been wondering about what that fellow Hunter said about what happened after Reconstruction. What exactly did he mean by saying that the person had to be destroyed?” 
Neil was careful with his answer. He did not want to frighten Zac. “After the person is satisfied that the Reconstruction is okay, the body is destroyed. The body is never awakened after reconstruction begins.” 
“It is killed?” 
“Yes,” Neil answered looking carefully at Zac for any sign of his feelings. 
“Is the killing gentle?” 
“Yes, the killing is gentle. It is done with drugs.” 
Zac sat quietly for a few moments and then returned to eating. Only as he was about done with his supper did he speak again. “I'd like you to take a walk with me down by the river and go to the other side of it. I've got something to show you. It'll change you.” 
 “What?” “Just you wait. I want this to be a surprise so you don't get to thinking and expect the wrong thing or too much,” Zac smiled.
 
Chapter 8
A few minutes later Neil and Zac walked out the door followed by the Observor. 
“I have to make a stop here,” Zac said as they approached his outhouse. The Observor followed Zac into the building as Neil waited outside. 
“Pesky fly,” Zac said as he picked up a homemade fly swatter and, with years of practice on truly living flies, swatted the Observor destroying its delicate mechanical wings and antenna. Using the swatter he picked it up and dumped it down the open hole. A few minutes later he rejoined Neil. 
“Will you tell me what you're going to show me?” 
“Patience. Like I said, I don't want you thinking about it until you see it. Besides I don't want to spoil the surprise, and it's not all that far to walk.” 
The land to the east of Zac's farm sloped downward in a series of rolling hills to a lush green river valley. The air ahead seemed clearer, not hazy as it had up on the hill by Zac's house. It was easier to see the world clearly ahead. Neil was conscious they were slowly descending toward the very bottom of the valley. The trees were old, mostly oaks, and they formed a leathery green canopy over the path. The afternoon rain still lay on ferns and undergrowth. The wind and the sun had not penetrated enough to dry or even reduce the jeweled pools of rain. Neil wished he could smell. The air hinted of earth rich in odor and soft in touch. 
They were descending rapidly, now. Neil was surprised at Zac's fast pace. It seemed exceptional for a damaged Unreconstructed with a limp. Neil sensed Zac could, if he wanted or if he needed to, maintain this pace for hours, perhaps all day. 
They never reached the floor of the valley and the river. Zac suddenly turned sharply left and moved parallel to the valley's sides following another well-worn dirt trail muddy from the afternoon's rain. He stopped as they stepped out onto a large flat rock. From its white color and numerous fossil shells, Neil thought it must be limestone. The valley lay before them, but so did a bridge, the likes of which Neil had never seen. 
Pointing, Neil asked, “What kind of bridge is that?” 
“Suspension, but I'd guess you were asking about what it's made of. I don't know. It was always just been called Spider Webbing. Even the deck is made of it. That's why it's so hard to see. Being clear and not shiny makes it blend into the rest of the countryside, and it even tends to pick up the colors around it, about the only time you can really see it is when the dew is on it or when we get snow or sleet that sticks to it.” 
“Did your people build it?” 
“Yes, but that was done well before I came here. They had good reasons. When we have a storm, it's impossible to ford the river because of high water, and in the winter you don't want to get wet.” Zac turned and started across the clear bridge. 
Neil followed and was thrilled to look down through the bridge deck at the river and lush green land below. He wanted to stop and look, but understood they had to keep moving. It was not many hours before dark, and they had already come a long way. 
Zac said, “You're on the other side now. Things are different over here. I don't think people like you have ever been here before.” 
“Where are we?” 
“Where I grew up. This was home until I moved up into that old house where you found me.” 
“But I don't see anything. There's no houses, just trees, brush, and the river back there.” 
“That's the way they wanted it to look.” Zac motioned Neil to come closer. 
Neil took a couple of steps toward Zac. The effect was electric. The lush hillside with its great trees and small bushes seemed to melt away and a tiny village tucked into a huge opening in the limestone hillside appeared as if by magic. It looked like the pictures Neil had seen of ancient dwellings under cliffs in the deserts, except these buildings were modern in design and built of the native stone surrounding and sheltering them. It was as if the town had grown out of the very stone that surrounded it. 
“What happened? How come I couldn't see it and now I can?” 
“Take a couple of steps back,” Zac said. 
Neil did and the village faded from sight. 
“It is a kind of special projection. I don't know how it's done except in a general way. The trees and all the bushes you see are real. They are just someplace else in the valley. Cameras take their pictures and then a computer reassembles them into what you see. It works well because it is real material you are seeing. It changes with the seasons. It is almost perfect camouflage.” 
Neil stepped back and forth a couple of times exploring the effect of the projection. “Who designed this?” 
Zac shook his head. “I don't know. It has been here as long as I can remember.” 
“The PRC never found this place then?” 
“The what?” 
“The PRC, the Personnel Reconstruction Corps, the people you fought during the Holey War.” 
Zac shook his head again. “We didn't fight. Not here anyway. It was forbidden.” 
“You mean you wouldn't have defended yourselves if the PRC had found you?” 
“Yes and no, I'll have to take you to the command center one day and show you our defenses. They were designed to slow down, but not to kill the other side, to give us the chance to get away. The killing you did was not always gentle.” 
“That was a stupid question anyway. It's clear the PRC never found this. Forgive me?” Neil wished he had never asked the question.
Zac's eyes were sad but he smiled. “Come. You know, you are the first one to see this town of ours. In fact, you are first one like you to ever come over to this side of the river. That makes you different, kind of special.” 
Neil smiled and asked, “Why are you showing me this now, so soon after we got here?” He followed Zac into the silent little village waiting for an answer. Overhead a patrol satellite recorded a barren valley empty of all human life. 
 
Chapter 9
Hunter was pacing the conference room floor in his van. The lush carpeting revealed a very squared pattern of pacing. Dolores watched him. “I guess this proves you weren't playing games with me. I wasn't sure what you were up to until now.” 
Before Hunter could answer, the communications link on the wall buzzed. “What did you find?” 
“Not much,” The face on the screen said, “The device was built to record the way a normal television does, so there are things that can happen too fast for it to record. The actions of the Holey as the device was about to be destroyed aren't clear. We used image processing, the works, but all that came up was that there was some type of grid pattern above the device just before it stopped transmitting.” 
“Any ideas what the pattern might be, Miller?” 
“Nothing, and we've tried matching it with everything we've got in the computer. Did you find the device? It might help us identify the grid or offer some other clues.” 
“No, we've looked. I think the Holey picked it up. Probably to study it to defeat it if we use another one on him. That's what I'd do. It's this pattern thing, and the fact the Holey could destroy it so quickly and easily that bothers me. I don't know what else he might have up his sleeve. Keep working on that last transmission and dig out whatever you can.” Hunter stared at the screen after it went blank. 
Dolores asked, “Do you think the pattern might be some new Holey weapon?” 
Hunter shook his head. “I don't know. You don't guess in this business, and you don't trust anything. It could be or it could just have been some odd interference that hit as the thing went dead. Up to the satellite and back makes it more than possible, but I'd almost bet against it.” 
“The Director, maybe?” 
“That's more likely, but we need to find that bug of yours. It should tell us something. We've got to find that thing and Corrigan, too. I can't believe they just disappeared, but if the Director's hand is in this, Corrigan has been given the means to defeat sensors.” 
“When will the air team get here?” Dolores asked. 
“They should be here soon, but it's only a couple of hours before dark. All the hot springs in this area will make it impossible to use heat seekers after dark. We've got to find them before then. If we don't, they'll have all night to plot against us.” 
“I don't understand how they could just disappear.” 
“Neither do I, but I'm going to find out so it doesn't happen again.” 
“If the Director has a hand in this, there is no telling what he might have given them to cover their tracks.” 
The communications link on the wall buzzed again. It was one of Hunter's troopers. The trooper held up a charred plastic device and said, “We just found this Snooper, but no sign of that Observor thing of the lady's. This looks like it has been blasted by some weapon, sir.” 
“Where are you at?” Hunter asked 
“We're just off the trail that the Holey and Mr. Corrigan were last seen on,” the trooper answered. 
“How was the Snooper destroyed?” 
“It looks like it was done by that new plasma weapon the Holeys had just before the war ended, sir.” 
“Okay, get that Snooper shipped back to the lab to be analyzed.” 
“Any change in our orders because of this, sir?” 
“No, if you find them just observe and contact me. You can use your weapons, but only if you're fired on. Hunter out.” 
“What do you make of that?” Dolores asked. 
“I don't know. This is getting stranger all the time. You'll have to excuse me. I want to run some probabilities on the computer.” 
Dolores watched as he left and then looked out the window in the direction of the valley. The afternoon's rain had freshened the green of the land, and the few clouds left were nothing more than big white piles of fluff. It was too natural. Dolores shivered, turned to face into the room with its metal and plastics. She drew her knees up to her chest with her arms and closed her eyes to shut out the world. 
 
Chapter 10
Neil and Zac had finished their tour of the tiny village. They were sitting on a huge block of stone shaped by water into a smooth flat oval. Its blackness was emphasized by the shiny smoothness of its surface. An odd stone among the light limestone. Neil could sense the warmth of the day it had captured. Zac could feel its warmth on his skin through his rough homemade clothes. 
Zac asked, “Should I bring Dolores here?” 
“Yes, you have to. Particularly after what you told me when we arrived in the village. This village will thrill her. It is just what she's been looking for.” 
“What are you looking for here?” 
Neil did not answer. He sat. He thought -- “I don't know. Nothing special, I guess.” 
“Why did you come then? Everybody else has got a reason. Dolores came to study me and where I've lived. Hunter came to arrest me or kill me or both.” 
“I was sent. It’s my job. That’s why I came. The Director didn't want you to come to any harm. Hunter is a good Security Chief, but he can be a little trigger happy. All his family was killed in the war. He even saw his mother killed, and he never forgave your side for that.” 
“That's Hunter, but why you were sent? Why did you want to come?” Zac repeated. 
Neil thought again and shrugged. “It is my job, but other than that I don't know. Maybe to meet somebody like you. I don't remember being an Unreconstructed like you. I've always wondered what it was like, and I guess I wonder if you could tell me.” 
Zac thought a minute, “I don't think so. I can't tell you what it's like because I haven't been a Reconstructed and that's what you're really looking for, someone who knows and remembers both. Maybe you ought to try Dolores. It is interesting though. In some ways we’re very much alike. We are more alike than different.” 
“How's that?” 
“I was found too. I don't know anything about my early life. I must have been around five when I was found. At least that was the guess of the people who found me. What my family was like or what my real name might be is a mystery to me,” Zac said. 
Neil nodded, but instead of replying he looked at the village hidden in the huge overhang of rock. It looked like a museum piece or a stage set. The little stone houses were dwarfed by the immense opening. He could see and feel the loving care that had gone into its construction. Care of people who no longer existed, who‘d never care again. Technology was better. It promised life forever. It made it seem so useless to just die. Neil was about to ask Zac why anyone would want to remain an Unreconstructed and die, when he heard the sound of the first air team member overhead. He looked up. 
Zac said, “They can't see us. We can see them because the camouflage only works one way.” 
Neil stood. “We had better get out where we can be seen. Hunter must have sent them looking for us. He'll be mad if he can't find us, but more importantly he'll get suspicious.” 
As the air team's sweep carried them out of sight, Zac led Neil back to the Spider Bridge. They didn't wait for the air team's return but started to walk back toward the farm. 
 
Hunter's attention was riveted on the Communication Team Leader image. “We've found them and we're overhead. Neil Corrigan has used his identifier. The Holey is with him. Do you want me to destroy the Holey?” 
“No!” 
Then too softly for the communication link to pick up Hunter added, “It's the other person playing games with me I'd like to destroy.” He raised his voice again he said, “The Director wants to give the Holey the chance to choose Reconstruction. Just keep them in sight . . . they are coming back this way, aren't they?” 
“No sir, they're just standing there now that we're overhead. They were walking your way as we approached,” The team leader said. 
“Tell them we expect them back here before dark,” Hunter ordered. 
Moments later, the team leader called back, “They understand and are moving back your way again. Am I to follow them all the way?” 
“Yes, and let me know if they get off course. Have a couple others join you in escort.” 
Hunter turned to Dolores. “I wonder what those two things have cooked up for us now.  I’m no low Q creationist. I'm going to trash their master mems.” 
 
Chapter 11
Neil stood guard on the worn wooden porch while Zac slept; two stern-faced troopers watched him. The controlled fury he had seen in Hunter at his return made it necessary. He would protect Zac. He would carry out the Director's wishes. Neil did not need to sleep. In fact, he did not even seem to need the lowered awareness mode most other Reconstructeds needed. He watched the stars and began to wonder why he never had watched them before. Perhaps this valley is magic.  Later he listened as the land and the animals awoke with the rising sun. Zac had been right. A trip to the other side of the river had changed him. Maybe that was the magic and not the valley. When he heard Zac moving around, he went inside. 
“Did you sit up all night?” Zac asked. 
“Yes.” 
“What you going to do about sleep?” 
“I don't need any. It’s one of the advantages of being a Reconstructed,” Neil said. 
Zac thought a moment and then said, “I'm not sure I'd like that. I kind of like some time to do nothing when I'm not working. Sleeping gives it to me without me having to feel guilty.” 
Neil watched a fly walking across the table and wondered if it was the Observor. 
“Got to milk the goats. Are you coming along?” Zac asked. 
Neil nodded his reply and they walked toward the old sway-backed barn through dew-covered grass together. The two troopers followed along with weapons at the ready. 
A few minutes later Dolores joined them at the barn and Neil asked, “Are you going to tell her or do you want me to?” 
Zac said, “Go ahead. I was taught to do one job at a time and to do it right. You talk; I'll work.” 
Neil told her of the village and realized she did not seem very pleased. He asked, “What's wrong? I thought you'd be excited or at least happy to have the village to study.” 
Dolores started to speak and then closed her mouth and shook her head. She began again, flatly. “I guess it's just the letdown. You know the feeling. You dream of something until you can see it and feel it. And then it happens, and it's not at all what you expected.” 
Zac studied Dolores a moment with a puzzled look and then returned to his milking. 
Neil said, “I . . . ah, no I don't. I can't ever remember dreaming of something.” 
“What? You're kidding me. Every kid has at least looked forward to their birthday or a trip or something. You remember those things don't you?” Dolores asked. 
“No,” Neil shook his head. “I don't remember much before waking up as a Reconstructed. Everything before is just a jumble of impressions without order or sense to them.” 
Zac interrupted, “Would one of you hand me that pail by the door. Adda done herself proud lately.” He patted the side of the goat he was milking. 
Dolores handed him the bucket as Hunter came into the barn. 
Hunter walked over to Neil and said, “I'm sorry about last night. I thought it over. You could be right about the Snooper being destroyed by lighting. No hard feelings?” He extended his hand toward Neil. 
“No,” Neil said. 
“Good,” Hunter said as he put an arm around Neil's shoulders, “We should work as a team and not fight.” 
Neil stood speechless. Dolores stared at Hunter, mouth open. 
Zac broke the silence. He asked, “Are you going to the village with us?” 
“What village? We're to avoid contact with any others in this area,” Hunter said. 
“There's no one there,” Zac said, “It's where I was raised. The young lady here wanted to study me, so I thought it would be the place for her to start. That's why I showed it to Neil last evening.” 
Hunter frowned at Neil. “You didn't tell me about any village.” 
“I was too busy defending myself and the Director,” Neil said. 
“It doesn't matter now, but you should have reported it to me right away.” Then turning toward Zac said, “Yes, I am coming.” 
“We'll leave as soon as I finish the chores,” Zac said. 
Neil said, “I need to check in with the Director before we go. How much longer will you be?” Neil asked. 
Zac answered, “About a half hour.” 
“I'll meet you at the house then,” Neil said. 
The outer door to the security van opened and closed, but the inner door remained closed. Neil was about to ask the computer for a reason when the computer spoke, “Mr. Corrigan, you have a personal bug on your clothing.” 
“What? Where?” 
“It is on the left shoulder of your tunic just dorsal of the shoulder seam,” The computer answered. 
“Do you have any idea where it came from?” Neil asked. 
“It is a standard Security Section body bug. Do you want me to destroy it?” The computer asked. 
“Wait, tell me more, but first, can it hear us now?” Neil asked. 
“No, it cannot hear us. The van prevents transmission and this bug has no recording capabilities. It transmits audio only and is easy to jam,” The computer said. 
“Let me think,” Neil said. It was clear Hunter had planted the bug in his overly friendly greeting. He had nothing to hide from Hunter, but the bug made him feel uneasy. 
Neil said, “My guess is that another bug would appear if you destroy this one. Give me a probability on that.” 
“As close to one as I can calculate, point and then all nines to sixty-four decimal places.” 
“You said the bug was easy to jam; could you jam it for me when I wanted?” Neil asked. 
“Yes. There is a device in the storage area I can get for you,” The computer said. 
“How does it work?” 
“A word or phrase is programmed into the jammer to turn it on and off. You say the word or phrase to turn it on and you repeat the phrase to turn it off. It is not a crude jammer. It supplies probable body sounds like clothing movements, so the spy will not suspect the jamming,” The computer said. 
“Does Hunter know about your ability to spot bugs?” Neil asked. 
“No.” 
“Get out the jammer. Program it with the phrase.” Neil stopped and thought before saying, “I wish I were back at headquarters.” 
The inner door slid back and Neil went in to talk to the Director. 


Neil was not surprised to see that he had lost his two troopers as he came out of the security van. Hunter did not need them to keep tabs on Neil any more. He checked the sky. It was the bright clear blue of people less places. There was no hint of storms in the forecast either. 
Zac greeted him as he arrived at the porch. “We're just ready to leave.” 
“We can't yet. Hunter, the Director wants to talk to you from my van before we leave.” Neil said. He watched as Hunter walked toward the black and gold van. 
Inside Hunter sat down, addressed the communications link, and smiled when the Director appeared on the screen. 
“How is it going?” The Director asked. 
“Good so far, but did you have anything to do with Corrigan disappearing last night?” 
“No, but that's what we wanted. The Holey is buying the story. From what Neil says, it is quite a little village.” 
“They won't do that again. I put a body bug on him.” 
“How is it going with Dolores?” 
“She's bought it too. She thinks it's all a trick, so when she finds it is not, she'll bond well with Corrigan.” 
“Good.” 
“After last night I'm worried I might have to act fast and Corrigan could get in the way.” 
The Director laughed. “You'd like that. You never have liked him.” 
“He's odd and you know it. He gives me the creeps.” 
“It suits my purposes, yet I don't want him destroyed unless it's necessary. I know it's just a remake, but I'd rather not have it happen.” 
“Are you willing to make that a directive? I don't want someone causing trouble if it happens.” 
The Director didn't answer for a moment. “Not yet, give it time and see what develops. I can always back date a directive. Besides, I'm beginning to think that Holey isn't going to help much with the budget. Corrigan's destruction might help, but not if it's too soon.” 
“We can always make more of this as we talked about in your office. There’s Vizard.”

Chapter 12
After a few minutes Hunter reappeared and walked back to the group. He said something to his Rangers that seemed to startle them Neil thought. The Director must have restricted Hunter more, so the village was safe. Neil asked, “Are you ready to go?” 
Hunter nodded. 
They set off with Zac leading the way. A dozen of Hunter's troopers moved along with them. Neil and Zac chatted about the land, and the uses it had once been put to as they walked. Dolores joined the conversation after a while, but Hunter remained the alert Security Chief and ignored them all. 
The spider bridge stopped even Hunter. It was the sight beyond the bridge that stopped Neil. He could see the village. 
Zac seemed to read his mind and said, “I didn't see any use in leaving the camouflage on. I had the computer turn it off at sunrise this morning. I always wondered what it looked like from here anyway.” 
Hunter said, “I've seen this stuff before.” He felt of the bridge supports, poked them with a knife, and then added, “We know what this stuff is, but never figured out how they spun it like this. Do you know how?” 
Zac shook his head. “No, it was here as long as I can remember. There's a machine in the village that will make ropes of this. I'll show it to you. Everybody be careful. The clearness of spider webbing makes some people nervous walking across a bridge for the first time. It seems some people aren't much for trust. Everything will seem okay once you're on the other side.” 
Dolores asked Hunter, “Are you saying this is a real Holey bridge?” 
“Yes,” Hunter said out loud and then whispered for Dolores only. “Whatever the Director is up to this is real Holey work.” 
Dolores whispered back, “Then the village might be real too?” 
“I'd bet it is. I think the Director stumbled on this place somehow. If you look, you'll see it sits far enough back to make it hard to see from the air. I'll bet it also had some form of camouflage. It probably just failed recently, and that's how it was found,” Hunter said. 
Dolores smiled and turned to Zac. “Aren't you going to show me the village?” 
“Sure am,” Zac said and offered her his arm. 
Neil and Hunter looked at each other. Hunter smiled. 
Neil started across the bridge behind Dolores and Zac. 
Hunter ordered a sweep of the area and using his link asked for more troopers to be brought into the area from headquarters. 
Reaching the village behind the others he said to Zac, “I'm having my men sweep the area. Is there anything they should watch out for?” 
Zac thought a moment and then asked, “Will they be walking the river banks?” 
“Yes, I want a complete sweep,” Hunter said. 
“Warn them of the undercut riverbanks. If they walk too close to the river they could fall through the bank and end up in the river. It’s worse right now because of all the recent rains we've had.” 
Hunter stared at Zac a moment and then turned to his troopers and said, “You heard him, watch those banks. I don't want to fish any of you out of the river.” 
Zac said, “Do you mind if I ask a question?” 
“No,” Hunter said. 
“Can you swim? I mean you don't sink or something like that because you are mechanical?” Zac asked. 
Hunter smiled, “No. In fact, we float better than a Holey. You never know where we might have to fight. The troopers have more than average buoyancy built into them, so they can carry equipment across water obstacles.” 
“Just wondered,” Zac said and then he turned to Dolores and asked, “Where do you want to start?” 
“Just show me around first. I need an overview,” Dolores said. 
Hunter went with one of the groups of troopers. Neil followed Dolores and Zac, but the talk was of things that little interested him, and so by the middle of the morning, he made his way down to the river. He sat down beside a huge maple tree on the deep thick grass about fifty yards from the muddy rain swollen river. The valley floor there had once been pasture or crop land and in either direction for as far as Neil could see there was only grass with a scattered tree or two right on the riverbank. The maple he was sitting under was a lone exception, the only one standing in the middle of a field. He was about to ask himself out loud if it once guarded the pasture or was left to provide shade for cows on summer days when he remembered the body bug. 
Neil could not resist a comment. “This is a scene from some ancient novel. I wonder if it ends the same way.” 
He smiled knowing Hunter would think it was a code and try to make sense of what he had just said. 

It was early afternoon when Dolores and Zac joined him under the maple. 
Zac said, “I thought I might find you here. This was one of my favorite places to come and just sit too.” 
Dolores said, “I can't believe it. This is a true Holey village, and it's completely intact. It's going to be famous. I'm going to be famous. I can't believe it. My father is going to be proud of me.” 
“Everything I've shown her gets her more excited,” Zac said smiling. 
“Can I bring a team in here to help me?” Dolores asked. 
As he stood Neil could see over Dolores' shoulder that Hunter and several troopers were approaching. Neil said, “I can't say yes or no on that. I'll have to talk to the Director about it. I'll do it as soon as we get back, and I can get to my van.” 
“Why not call him on your link?” Dolores asked. 
“The Director wants all this kept secret. My link is not secure. It's not scrambled,” Neil answered. 
“Do you think he'll give his okay?” Dolores asked. 
“I'm not sure,” Neil said with a shrug. 
Hunter and his troopers had arrived. Hunter asked, “What's everyone doing out here in this open field?” 
“Just enjoying the day,” Zac said. 
“And the trees and the river and the sky,” Neil added. 
Hunter stared at Neil a second and then said, “This is a bad place. Too easy to get yourself ambushed.” 
Neil remembered the body bug and could not resist another tweak at Hunter. He asked, “This is pretty far from the village. How did you know where to find us?” 
Hunter paused just long enough for everyone to notice. He then snapped, “It's my job to know.” 
Neil turned the subject to Hunter's sweep. He asked, “Did you find anything on your sweep?” 
“Yes,” Hunter turned toward Zac and asked, “Who are you hiding? How many of them are there?” 
Zac raised his eyebrows in question and surprise and studied Hunter with his soft brown eyes. He said, “I don't know what you mean.” 
“We found tracks up the river from here,” Hunter said. 
“What kind of tracks?” Zac asked. 
“Holeys, I'll bet. Badly damaged by the rain but they look right,” Hunter said. 
Zac seemed to brighten and his smile grew. He asked, “Would you show me the tracks? I'm pretty good at tracking.” 
Neil could see the surprise in Hunter’s reaction. He said, “I'd be interested too. Can you take us all there?” 
“Yes, I wanted him anyway, and it would be best to stick together in a group until I figure this out,” Hunter said. 
Hunter led the way with several troopers, other troopers walked the flanks of the group and still others brought up the rear. Neil noticed the 'armed' light was lit on their weapons. 
 
Chapter 13
They first left the river going across fields to avoid walking the extra distance of the lazy bends of the river. Neil noticed that Dolores seemed nervous and edgy as she searched the tree line with her eyes and listened to the wind for some unknown sounds. Hunter and his troopers were alert and wary. Zac was bubbly and all smiles. 
Before they reached the tracks Neil could see several troopers standing guard. He began to wonder how many new men Hunter had brought in. 
When they stopped, Hunter pointed to a well-worn dirt path that ran across the field to the west and up a small rise to disappear into the trees beyond. He said, “There!” 
Zac asked, “Can I look closer?” 
Hunter frowned but said, “Yes.” 
Zac walked alongside the dirt path slowly, carefully not stepping in it, studying it. He walked for some distance then returned with a puzzled look on his face. He asked, “Where’s the tracks?” 
“What do you mean? You just looked at them?” Hunter said.
 “I didn't see anything but animal tracks, mostly deer,” Zac said.
 “What did you expect to find, footprints? Holeys are too smart for that. It's the trail that proves there's Holeys around here. They use it. They made it. They use shoes with soles that leave animal tracks,” Hunter said. 
Neil could see Zac visibly slump before Zac said, “The trail is just an animal trail. It has been here as long as I can remember. There's a lot of regular farm stock that went wild from the farms around here, mostly hogs, plus the normal wild animals hereabouts. I never saw shoes with soles like you say.” 
“I don't believe you.” 
Neil stepped in and asked, “Hunter, did you or your men see any footprints?” 
“No,” Hunter asked. 
Neil asked Zac, “Is there any way you can prove this is just an animal trail?” 
“Just by common sense, that's all. If he watches it for a while and sees that there aren't any people footprints; his common sense should do it,” Zac said, “And besides, it's set back from the edge of the river. Man likes to walk right along a river to look at the water and every now and then he pays the price by falling through the undercut bank. Animals are too smart for that, and that's why this trail is back from the bank this far.” 
“Creat!,” Hunter said. 
Neil said, “I'm no expert, but it makes sense to me. What do you think Dolores?” 
Dolores looked at Hunter and then Neil and back to Hunter before she said, “I don't know.” And then she asked Hunter, “There weren't any footprints made by Holeys?” 
“No, just the trail and the animal prints.” Hunter said, “But that's enough.” 
“I don't know,” Dolores said, “It could be either. Without Zac being found here, I would believe Zac about the Holeys because there have not been any Holeys found in so long, but because Zac was found here, Hunter might be right.  Creat! I’m arguing in circles. I don't know.” 
“Well, whatever it is I can be sure it doesn't pose a threat to us. I am going to post an around the clock guard here,” Hunter said. 
Zac said, “Warn them about that riverbank again. It is real undercut right along here this year because of high water, and if you don't believe me about that just go up the river there to the ford and then walk back this way on the other side and look for yourself.” 
Neil wanted to separate Zac and Hunter and he asked Zac, “Would you show me the ford?” 
“Sure. Do you want to do it now?” Zac asked. 
“Yes.” 
Zac said, “I'm getting hungry. Do you mind if I eat as we walk?” 
“No, go right ahead,” Neil said. He was pleased because Zac's eating would insure that Hunter did not follow them. 
After they were out of hearing range of Dolores and Hunter Zac asked, “Why did he back away so quick? I noticed before he does that. If I were him, I'd have questioned me about the trail longer.” 
Aware of the body bug Neil answered carefully, “He knows there are other ways to get the information. If there are other Holeys around here and they use that trail, his trooper guards will spot them. Hunter knows there is no way he can force the truth from you.” 
“How about this reader thing you were telling me about?” Zac asked between bites. 
“That takes a lab and lots of people. He could try to get permission to do that, but he knows the Director wouldn't give it,” Neil said. 
“There's much that goes on inside that fellow you don't see from the outside. He seems a little simple at the best of times, and he seems a fool at worst of times, but he's neither. He seems driven. Why does he hate people like me?” Zac asked.
 “I guess it is because his parents were killed in the Holey War before they could undergo Reconstruction. It was a time when his parents could have lived forever, but that's many of our people's stories,” Neil said. 
“Losing your parents would make a person hate the other side in a war,” Zac said. 
Neil wanted to say something about Zac’s parents but the body bug prevented it. 
As if he were reading Neil's mind Zac said, “You seem a lot quieter than when you arrived yesterday. Have I done something like eating to offend you?” 
Neil smiled, “No, I guess I was just more excited yesterday with everything being new.” The land had flattened out as they walked. The river lost its high banks and looked like a shiny flat brown ribbon. There were a few more trees along its edges, mostly willows, but a few cottonwoods and other wider leafed trees mixed with them. The wind played among them. He would have to ask Zac what the other trees were.
Zac pointed ahead. “There is the ford. You can see where it is by the ripples on the water. Do you want to go across? The water is fast and high what with all the rain we have had this summer. Yesterday's storm didn't help either.” 
“No.” Neil shook his head. “I was just curious what the ford looked like. Could we get back to your house from here?” 
“Sure, do you want to go back? I'd better lead you if you do. You'd get lost going back. You've been on the other side of the river too long, and this side always seems to confuse people at first.” 
“No, no, I don't want to go back. I was just wondering,” Neil said. 
When they reached the water's edge at the ford they stopped. Neil could see traces of what had once been a road. It looked as if it had never been paved, but the wheel tracks were still not filled in completely with weeds and grass. He asked, “Where does this old road go?” 
“Back that way.” Zac pointed. “It hits the road you came into the valley on, but I'd think it would be hard to see. Pretty grown up with trees and brush at that end. The other way it just meets another old road not much better than this one. There are a couple of old farms along it. Both have been bombed and burned, though one of the places has got some pretty good plum trees. When I was younger, I'd go pick them.” 
“This valley seems to have all the food you'd ever need growing right in it,” Neil said. 
“Sort of a Garden of Eden, but man does not live by food alone,” Zac said. 
“True. What did you do as a child?” Neil asked. 
“I had to go to school, and I had my work to do so there was never a lot of extra time. One of my favorite things was swimming. The best place on the river is just up stream a bit from the ford. Want to go see it?” Zac asked. 
“Sure.” 
“Do you swim?” Zac asked. 
Neil searched his mind and then he said, “Yes, I believe that swimming is one of my skills.”
“Strange way to put it, but I was really wondering if you'd like to go swimming? My swimming hole is kind of a back water, and the high water and current won't bother us there,” Zac said. 
“That would be interesting,” Neil said. It was just a short walk. Zac stopped at the edge of the river in the middle of a grove of trees, old huge brittle willows with golden green leaves. The river had formed a tiny oxbow lake with one end still connected to the river, and it was Zac's swimming hole. Zac removed his shirt, pants, and shoes and dove into the river. 
Neil waded in until he knew he could swim and then swam across the little lake and back. 
Zac asked, “Aren't you going to take your clothes off?” 
“No, I didn't want to disturb you. I look a little different than you under these.” Neil patted his shirt. “And it doesn't matter, these shed water. They'll be dry as soon as the water drains out of them.” 
“The water is almost too cold, but it feels good after all our walking this morning. Let me show you a game we used to play. Everybody that swam used to join in.” Zac dove from sight under the water. 
They played for almost a half hour before Zac said, “I'm getting cold. Must be all the rain water because it is usually warmer in this backwater. Let's get out and rest for awhile.” 
Neil joined Zac on the damp river bank and before he could sit down his link buzzed. 
“What's that?” Zac asked. 
“Just my link. Someone wants to talk to me,” Neil said. 
The voice of the security van computer greeted Neil and said, “The ‘I wish I were back at headquarters’ project is no longer needed.” 
Neil knew instantly that the computer was referring to the body bug. He was so used to using coded speech when on his link. He asked, “Are you telling me the project was a failure and, if so, how do you know?” 
“It appears to have been flooded out. I have been monitoring the uplink to the satellite,” The computer answered.
 It made sense to Neil. The body bug was probably an indoor model that was water resistant at best. He asked the computer, “Do you know if there are any other projects like it in progress?” 
The computer said, “There are no others in that area. I have been monitoring for any other uplinks.” 
Neil closed the link and laughed. 
Zac looked at him puzzled and asked, “Why are you laughing? Getting a project flooded out doesn't seem to be a good thing to happen.” 
Neil remembered the Director's words about making Zac a mem mate and said, “Do you know what a body bug is?” 
“What kind of a bug?” 
“It's not an insect. It is a device that lets you spy on other people. You put it on them, but they don't know it’s there and then you can hear all they say and you know wherever they go,” Neil said. 
“Why would you want to do that?” Zac asked. 
“I didn't. Hunter did. He put a body bug on me this morning. If you remember, he put an arm around my shoulder in the barn, and I'd guess that is when he put the bug on me,” Neil said. 
“Why would he want to do that?” Zac asked.
 Neil explained about the damaged Snooper, Hunter's suspicions that Zac was a fake, and the other events. 
When Neil had finished Zac said, “As you said that is his job, but what about Dolores. She seems to run hot and cold. She was excited when she arrived and then cooled off. Today she was cool until we got to the bridge.” 
Neil answered, “I'd guess Hunter has made her his helper. They were married at one time, so he knows her well. She wants to be the section chief in her area, Anthro. This is her chance to impress her father as well, but if this was a fake like Hunter thinks, she couldn't use it to help make her way to the top.”  
“Married to him? That would explain things. Wants to be the boss and this place is her ticket there. It makes sense. She's a smart person,” Zac said nodding to himself as if talking to himself helped him mentally digest the information Neil had given him. 
“You're her ticket. The village wouldn't mean half as much without you,” Neil said. He lay back and looked up at the sky. A few bright fully white clouds with light gray bottoms had appeared. 
Once again Zac seemed to know his thoughts as he said, “Those clouds are fair weather clouds. I don't think we'll get any more rain for a few days. The wind is around to the northwest, and you could feel the drop in humidity this morning,” Zac said.
Neil rolled over on his side and asked, “How did you feel that?” 
“It was less sticky,” Zac said. 
Neil continued to look at Zac and frowned. 
“You don't understand, do you?” Zac said. 
Neil shook his head. 
“If you have high humidity the sweat can't evaporate, so your skin feels damp and kind of sticky. Now when the humidity drops the sweat evaporates and your skin feels dry and not sticky.” Zac asked. 
Neil nodded as a faint sound made him smile. He said, “Listen, Hunter and some of his troopers are on their way. Don't let him know that you know about the body bug.” 
 
Chapter 14
 Hunter stepped off the air platform, which appeared to be nothing more than a square of metal and plastic just large enough to hold two people. He demanded, “What are you doing?” 
Zac said, “We went swimming, and now we are enjoying the shade of this tree and each other's company.” 
“Swimming?” Hunter asked and then looking at Neil said incredulously, “You too? You went swimming?” 
“Yes, I couldn't ever remember doing it before, but I found I could, and I enjoyed it,” Neil said. 
“Yeah and my mother is a fish.” Hunter shook his head. “And you got all wet too,” Hunter said.
 Neil laughed. “Sure, is there something wrong with that?” 
“No,” Hunter said quickly and then adding, “I just never thought of you as someone who would enjoy physical things. You know, we have to emphasize both in our training of troopers and on their master mem things like the enjoyment of physical things like swimming.” 
“That's interesting,” Neil said, “But you must have a reason for coming to see us?” 
Hunter never hesitated. He said, “Like I said earlier, there may be other Holeys in the area. I wouldn't want anything to happen to you. I don't want the Director on my back. You're coming back to the village with us. Now!” 
“Are you going to take us back on the air platforms?” Neil asked. 
“Yes, you can ride with me, and he can ride with the captain. Are you ready to go?” Hunter asked. 
Zac said, “I have to get dressed.” 
As Zac put on his handmade shirt and pants Neil asked, “Where did the air platforms come from? I didn't see you bring any.” 
“I had them brought in as soon as we saw the village. We were getting pretty stretched out here and needed good quick all terrain transportation as well as more troopers. By the way, is one of your skills flying an air platform?” Hunter asked. 
Neil thought a moment and then said, “No, I don't think so.”
 The trip back to the village left Zac almost speechless. All he could say once they were in the village was, “I don't believe it. I don't believe it.” 
Neil had to laugh and then went to see what Dolores was doing. She was sitting on the porch of one of the houses on a well-worn wooden porch swing. 
Neil asked, “Mind if I join you?” 
“No, please do. I was just sitting here thinking how to go about studying this village. I want to do it just right. Do you think the Director will let me bring in a crew to help?” Dolores asked. 
“Yes, but it may not be right away. He does not want word of this to spread too far or too fast. Even this visit is on a no mem basis,” Neil said. 
“For me?” Dolores asked wide-eyed. 
“Yes, at this point it is. The only exceptions are the Director, Hunter, and myself, but I am sure I can get an exception for you too.” 
“Thanks and what do you think the chances of getting a crew are?” Dolores asked. 
“I think real good. The Director wanted to be sure of what was here before letting the news out. The Directorate would look bad if they announced one thing about an Unreconstructed find, and it turned out to be another.” 
“Is that the only reason?” Dolores asked. 
“As far as I know. Once Hunter gives the all clear, I am sure they will announce this find. It is budget time and this has got to help the PRC's chances of getting a bigger budget.” 
Dolores studied him and then asked, “You don't mind talking about this and budgets?” 
“No. Why should I? It's a great chance to come out ahead for a change in the budget battles. Don't you think that your group will be able to get a budget increase to study this village?” Neil asked. 
“Yes, but it seemed . . . never mind. Someone's been tinkering with my thinking again.” 
“Hunter,” Neil said, “He's convinced this is a trick of the Director to get more funds and nothing more, but it's his job to be suspicious.” 
“Yes and he likes every minute of it. I do have a question for you,” Dolores watched carefully as she asked, “Do you know that my Observor was destroyed?” 
“No, how?” 
Dolores thought a moment and then said, “I don't know. Did you notice it today?” 
“I saw a fly this morning at Zac's and wondered if it was the Observor,” Neil said. 
“This morning?” Dolores asked. 
“Yes.” 
Dolores was not sure if Neil was acting, so she watched his face carefully as she said, “It couldn't have been the Observor. It was destroyed late yesterday.” 
“Boy was I off thinking that fly was it this morning. I didn't even say something to Zac because I thought the Observor was listening and watching. Do you have any idea what happened?” 
“Nothing. There was some uplink interference just before it went dead that made a grid pattern, and I couldn't see well enough to tell what happened.” 
“Did you find the Observor? Can you tell from it?” 
“No, I can't find it and that's one of the problems.” 
Neil thought a minute and then asked, “Could it have just died, run out of power or had a malfunction?” 
“I guess so, but it's not likely. The probability is less than point double zero three.” 
“Have you started another one going?” 
“No, I thought I needed your okay.” 
“You don't. You're replacing something that failed. Just go ahead.” 
Dolores reached over and hugged Neil as Hunter walked up. 
“I hope I'm not interrupting anything, but it is time to get back to camp. I want everyone to go back by air platform,” Hunter said. 
Dolores said, “No, you're not ‘interrupting anything.’ Neil just gave me the okay to use another Observor.” 
“Fine, but it's time to go. I have assigned a trooper to carry each of you. They're lined up in front of the other troopers, please join them,” Hunter said, then turned and walked away. 
Neil looked at Dolores questioningly.
 She said, “Don't worry that's the way he is. It was one of the reasons we uncoupled. His middle name is jealous.” 

 
Chapter 15
Back at camp Neil asked Zac, “Would you mind if Dolores brought some people in to study your village?” 
“No, but she already asked me that. Didn't she tell you?” 
“No, she asked if she could bring people in but she didn't tell me she had asked you. I should have known she would first. She's a good person.” Neil chatted a couple of minutes more in Zac’s utensil and tool filled kitchen and then excused himself to go to his van and make his report. 
The computer greeted him as he entered. “The Director called. I informed him of the body bug, and your destruction of it by water. He was pleased.” 
Neil always felt uneasy when the computer reported for him, but he thanked the computer and then asked it to call the Director. 
“Congratulations on outwitting Hunter on that body bug,” The Director said as soon as he appeared on the screen. He was smiling and seemed in a buoyant mood. 
“Thank you, sir.” 
“Anything else about Hunter?” The Director asked. 
“He thinks there may be more Holeys around the village because of a trail he found. Zac says that it is just an animal trail. I tend to agree with Zac. Hunter has gone along, but he posted guards on the trail, so we'll know one way or the other,” He said as he sat down.
“Good. Anything else?” 
“Dolores would like two things. First, have her taken off the no-mem designation on this trip and second, she would like to bring a crew in to study the village.” Neil settled back in his chrome and black plastic chair. 
“She got the first. You take her off the no-mem list. She might as well keep this at her next duping. After all, it is her field. The second she can have, but not yet and for two reasons. The first and the only one you tell her is that until Hunter is sure the area is clean there will be no more personnel brought in there of non-combat nature. The second reason is I need more time to spread Holey fear. Her crew is sure to leak the news, so I have to have a background in place here before that happens.” 
“Can I give her a time? Will it be days or weeks?” Neil asked. 
“It won't be long. A few days at most.” 
“I'll tell her. Is there anything more you want me to do at this end?” 
“Make that Unreconstructed your mem mate. Remember that above all else,” The Director said smiling. 
Neil told the Director the details of the body bug and Zac, the Observor that disappeared and several minor events before ending his transmission. As soon as he could, he went looking for Dolores to tell her of the Director's decision. He found her with Zac at the kitchen table in his house. 
Dolores looked up and asked, “Well?” 
“You're off the no-mem list, and you will be able to bring in a crew as soon as Hunter is sure it is safe. The Director doesn't want other non-combat personnel at risk,” Neil said. 
“How long will it be?” Dolores asked. 
“He didn't think it would be more than a few days at most.”
 “That's not bad. It'll give me a chance to do some planning. Thanks Neil,” Dolores gave him a warm smile. 
Neil tried to smile. He wondered what she meant.
Zac asked, “What is no-mem?” 
Neil asked, “Do you remember me telling you that our power packs have to be replaced every so often?” 
“Yes.” 
“When they do that, power is removed from our brains. All memories are lost, so they are recorded first to load back in after the power pack is replaced. Certain things, like this trip, aren't put back into the memory if they are no-mem items,” Neil said. 
Zac thought and then frowned. He asked, “Does that mean it is like something never happened. It is forever lost to the person?” 
“In most cases, yes. In a few cases the incidents are stored on the person's master memory file but marked not to be reloaded without special permission,” Neil said. 
“I thought you said that when you underwent Reconstruction that nothing is lost. There was no tinkering,” Zac said. 
“There's nothing lost then. In fact, only people like me who might come in contact with a no-mem incident have to sign a release. Ordinary people never have to worry about no-mem. It would never happen to them,” Neil said.
 “How do you know?” Zac asked.
“What do you mean?”
 “How would you know? If you couldn't remember it, how could you tell if there was or wasn't a no-mem thing in your life?” Zac asked.
 Dolores said smiling, “He's got you there.” It was clear she was enjoying Zac’s probing and Neil’s attempts to explain.
 Neil said, “You just have to trust the Directorate and their directives.”
 “Who watches them?” Zac asked.
 Dolores laughed. 

 
 As Neil, Dolores, and Zac continued to talk, Hunter prepared to talk to his deputy back at PRC headquarters, “Computer, seal the room and do a security scan.”
 “Room sealed. Scan completed. All clear.”
 “Good, call Willess on a scrambled circuit.”
  Hunter kept glancing at the communication screen as he paced. The screen went black and then the royal blue background announcing a scrambled circuit appeared. Willess’ image faded in. “Good evening, Sir.”
 “Did you get the coded package about the Director I sent?”
 “Yes Sir.”
 “Do we still have an operative in the special rebuilding section?” Hunter asked.
 “Yes Sir.”
 “Good, this is our chance to find out what Corrigan is. I’ll use the smallest provocation to destroy him. When they do the rebuild, our agent can do some snooping in his master-memory. My bet is Corrigan is a filthy Creat. Again, what's the probability the Director will use the special rebuilding group on him?” Hunter asked.
 “It is high but not certain, sir.”
 “Nothing is perfect in this business. I want you to move the patrol satellites, so this valley is constantly covered, day and night. I want to know where every gopher and rabbit hole is and what or who’s using them. Burn the budget on this one.”
“Yes sir. Do you want me to drop in more Snoopers, sir?” Willess asked. 
“No, they could tip our hand. We've already lost one to something here. The satellites will be enough, for now.”
 Hunter sat down in a leather and chrome chair. “After you read the package on the Director, did you start Plan Vizard?” 
“Yes sir.” 
“I want you to know that the plan was worked out with the Director's help before we left. Oh wait, I want you to do something else. Find out if Corrigan has any extensions. After I found him swimming, I want to know what other hidden skills or extensions he has. I don't want any surprises out here, and I can't destroy him before we're well into Plan Vizard. Hold it, I got a better idea. Find an X-class sniper in our special trooper group and get him an old rifle, a prewar rifle. Make sure it’s a gunpowder type. We'll make it look like a Holey job. Just like the things we used to do when the Holey war would slow down for too long, and we needed to stir things up. This will make the Director's plan work better too. I want to stage a sniping attack, and I want Corrigan hit. Tell our sniper not to risk a remake for Corrigan, but to shoot Corrigan in an arm or a leg. No, make it a leg. Less chance of doing too much damage if the shot is kept low. Corrigan has been wandering off from the group, so the sniper should be able to find Corrigan alone. Make sure he understands he is not to shoot Corrigan if he is with that Holey, but if Corrigan is with anyone else it's okay to fire.  Brief a Struct-mec on Corrigan. Tell him I want Corrigan checked for any special extensions when the leg is repaired then send the mec out here. We need one anyway.  Delay the sniper attack until you have got the mec in place. This is strictly no-mem for the mec. One last thing, make sure the sniper doesn't come across the men staging the fake Holey attacks for Vizard.”
 “Okay sir, I'll make sure the Vizard forces stay further away until Corrigan is shot. Is it okay for the sniper to shoot Corrigan if you're with him?”
 “Yes, that would make it look even better, and make sure the troopers who are going to be destroyed in Vizard aren't briefed until they've been duped. Everything after that is strictly no-mem for them. It’s going to burn the budget with all the rebuilding needed to replace them, but we should be able to get the Director for creating.”
 “The Vizard plan was his. He might give us some extra budget money to help us out with the rebuilding, sir.”
 “Yes. True and with a little luck the PRC will have a new Director, me. With extra luck I can get a way to keep Dolores off my back too.”

 
Chapter 16
In Zac's kitchen he, Dolores, and Neil continued to talk. Zac asked Neil, “What are you going to do with me?”
 Neil smiled, “Offer you Reconstruction.”
 “What if I don't take it?”
 “Why wouldn't you? It wouldn't make sense not to. Why live with failing parts and pain? You can have perfection and immortality,” Neil said.
 “I didn't say I wouldn't. I didn't think you'd offer it, so I haven't given it much thought.”
 Dolores asked, “Do you know anything of the history of the Holey War?”
 “What do you mean? Like the battles?” Zac opened the firebox on the wood stove and started to rearrange the coals with a short poker, so he could add more wood.
 “No, I was thinking more of things like why it was fought and what happened when it was over,” Dolores said.
 “I always figured it was fought because people kill what is different from them or at least put them where they can't see it. You won, so I guessed everybody had to be like you or dead.” Zac reached into the woodbox with a poker as he spoke.
 Neil said, “You don't trust us, do you?”
 Dolores shook her head no at Neil and mouthed the word “quiet” before saying, “What did you think we would do with you?”
 “Most likely kill me.” Zac closed the firebox door and took the tea kettle off the stove and started toward the table.
 Dolores stared at him open mouthed.
 Neil regained his voice first. He asked, “If you thought that, why didn't you continue to live in the village? You were safe there? You were far less likely to be found there.”
 “I'm an old man. I'll be dead soon anyway. I always wanted to live out in the open. This is my one chance in life to do it. It’s better than dying a long slow death,” Zac poured some hot water over herbs in his cup to make tea and did not look at them.
 “I don't understand. Why let yourself die when there's a way to keep you alive?” Neil asked.
 “Much of the pleasure has gone out of life. All my friends are gone. I miss them. I hurt all the time with this bad leg. Each day I slip a little further behind. There are more and more things I can’t do, so soon I won't be able to take care of myself.” Zac put the tea kettle back on the stove and returned to the table. The clear clean odor of the tea’s mint and peppermint mixture filled the kitchen, but only for Zac.
 Dolores said, “You sound just like a lot of people did before the Holey War. There were many people like you. They had had parts replaced. Some people were mostly hardware, not far from being a true reconstruct. They were alive and unlike you not in pain, but life wasn't happy. They just wanted to die. Society came up with answers and didn't let them die. It fixed them, so they're alive today.” 
“Happy?” Zac asked.
 “What do you mean?” Dolores asked.
 “Are they leading happy lives?”
 “Yes. Why wouldn't they?” Dolores asked.
 Zac smiled at her and reached over and patted the back of her hand, “Forgive me. I ask too many questions. But I got to make a trip to the little house out back right now.” He got up painfully and limped out.
 Dolores said, “Do you believe that? Somebody that's willing to die!”
 “It makes sense. If he can't enjoy life, why stay alive?”
 “Sure, but he's got no right to die. It's our right to save him. There's technology to keep him alive.”
 “How can he be sure he'll enjoy life? He might end up with a slash and trash job on his master memory just to keep from being eaten alive by an Afreet. Many Reconstructs did.”
 Dolores suddenly smiled and gently shook her head. She said, “You know what we are doing?”
 “Talking?” 
“No, we're re-arguing the issues of the Holey War. The right to remain human versus the right of society to repair you and keep you alive. I'm glad I haven't released another Observor or my dear ex-husband would have us in for a fuzzing job,” Dolores said. 
“I still wonder about becoming a Reconstruct because I don't remember anything else. I don’t know what it was like to make the choice to become this thing of metal and plastic. Maybe that's why I try to understand him and give him a chance to make the choice I never had. Not that I can complain. I’d be dead if they hadn’t done the field taping. I just have no idea what it was like to be a Holey, a human. I wish I did.”
 Zac came back before Dolores could answer.
 Neil said, “Zac, the one thing I can promise you is you'll have your choice. The Director made that clear.” 
“Figures. I suppose he thinks I'll get panicky about dying and go his way.” Zac picked up the cup, but only to blow on it.
 Dolores laughed out loud. 
It made Neil uneasy. He was not sure what to say to either Zac or Dolores. 
Hunter made it unnecessary to do or say anything when he came in and handed Dolores a small box. He said, “Here's the box you wanted.” Then he turned to Zac and holding up rolled a sheet of plastic asked, “Do you know how to read maps?” 
“Sure,” Zac said. 
Hunter unrolled the piece of plastic and said, “Prove it by showing me just where we are on this map.” 
Zac took the map over to the kitchen counter, bent over it, and turned it slightly. He studied it, then looked up at Hunter and said, “This doesn't cover much area. We’re here.” He first pointed at a spot and then at another and said, “This is wrong. That isn't a gravel pit. It's where one of your planes crashed. It blew up leaving a good sized hole and nothing ever grew there.”
 “You could be right. I'll check.” Hunter said and turning to Dolores. “He was right about nothing being able to reproduce here. There was an experimental mammalian sterilizer sprayed in this area according to our records. It wasn't used anywhere else because it did not seem to be effective.”
 “What about the other things?” Dolores asked. 
“Seems to be right on target on those too. There was a small action in the area just about the time he claims to be found. Names of the Holeys were recorded, but there was no Adams family,” Hunter said. 
Zac said, “There wouldn't be.”
 Hunter spun around. “Why not? Isn't that your name?” 
Zac nodded. “It was the name I was given. I don't know what my real name was. I was too small to know my real name, or where I came from.” 
Neil asked, “Was Adams one of the people who raised you?” 
“No.” 
Dolores asked, “Why Adams then?” 
“I was told there was something special about both my names. Sort of the beginning and the end in reverse. Might have been a way just to make me feel better though,” Zac said. 
Dolores nodded ever so slightly and frowned as she turned away. 
Hunter said, “Back to the map. Show me where that animal trail goes.” 
Neil watched as Zac traced the trail across Hunter's map and then offered to continue to trace it on the next map if Hunter wanted. 
Hunter said, “No, I don't have enough men to cover an area that large.”
 Neil watched as Dolores released another Observor. He wondered if Hunter's questions were really to get information from Zac, or only to distract him while Dolores released the Observor. He wished he could smell Zac's tea. 
Hunter rolled up the map and said to Dolores, “When are you coming back to the van?” 
Dolores got up as she said, “Now, I have notes I must take care of. Zac, I'll be back after your tea.” 
Hunter and Dolores walked silently side by side to his van. The late afternoon air was filled with the scent of honeysuckle and the sounds of the cicadas, but they were both lost in other private worlds, worlds without smell or the need to remember nature's sounds. 

Once inside the van Hunter demanded, “Well, what did you find out?” 
“About what?” Dolores asked. 
“Corrigan.” 
“What about him? 
“You looked like you were getting something from him when I found you back at the village,” Hunter said. 
“What do you mean?” 
“You were all over him.” 
“I was thanking him for letting me use another Observor. That's all.” 
“Is that all? Not sharing a little button time?” Hunter suggested. 
Dolores smiled and said, “You aren't just a little jealous, are you? As I remember it, you were the one that suggested I offer him some button time.” 
Hunter just looked at her. 
She laughed and went to her room.
 Hunter smiled. “Pushed a little closer to Mr. Corrigan. Neatly done, if I don't say so myself.” 
 
Chapter 17
After Hunter and Dolores were outside Neil turned to Zac. “Back at the river you said we shared our beginning because neither of us remembers anything before we were found. From what you said to Hunter there's another thing we share. You don't know your real name, and I don't know mine. Corrigan was given to me because a piece of paper with that name was found next to me.” 
“It'd be better if we shared a common humanity.” 
Neil frowned and said, “I don't understand.” 
“It would be better if we shared something human like enjoying the warm sun on a cold winter's day. We're cut off from each other by the effects of a war neither of us seems to have wanted.” 
Neil did not answer and sat thinking for a time then said, “We really are different, aren't we?”
 Zac shrugged. “Less than I thought, but I was wondering if I could ask you some more questions about duping?” 
“Sure, go ahead.” 
“It’s sort of like a religion, isn't it?” Zac asked. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Well, you don't know if they took something out of your life. You said this visit to me wasn't for everybody to remember, so those people won't remember this visit to the valley after they are duped, right?” 
“Right.” 
“It is an act of faith then. Like believing in God.” 
“Wait a minute, you lost me.” 
“You got to have the faith to believe these duping people won't change your life because if they did, you would never know.” 
“That's true,” Neil said with a frown. 
Zac watched as Neil seemed to get lost in thought and then he turned to check on the heating water on the wood stove to do dishes. It was not hot enough yet, so he went to his book shelves, took down a book and read.
 Neil ran probabilities in his head until he was sure that Zac’s judgment was correct. There was no certainty in duping. It was an act of faith, but so were many other things. You believed transportation units would work. You believed they correctly fixed the elevators where you worked. There was much in life you had to accept on faith.
 Neil said, “You're right, but we do it all the time. Have faith in things, trust things. We had faith that the air scooters wouldn't malfunction and dump us off bringing us back. It's not bad accepting things on faith.”
Zac smiled as he looked up from his book. “No, faith's not the bad thing. Ultimately it is something everyone has to practice. Faith or trust or whatever you call it is part of being human. It's making sure that something is worth your faith that's the tough part.” 

Two nights later everyone on Zac's farm was aroused by the sound of distant explosions. They all stood in the farmyard and listened to the sounds and watched the flashes of light in the distance. Zac seemed puzzled. Hunter's troopers moved into defensive positions. In an hour, after quiet returned, Hunter reported there had been a Holey attack just a few miles to their east. Zac frowned and shook his head, but said nothing. 
The next morning's trip to the village was by air scooter because of the attack. Dolores went to catalog a building leaving Zac and Neil together.
 Neil asked, “I have been wondering where you got your animals. You said nothing was born in this valley.” 
“Not for a long time. We'd get our animals from a village to the west of here, but like I said before, animals finally started to give birth here. It was a good thing too because that other village died out.”
 “Naturally or was it found?” 
“Naturally.” 
The trooper who been watching them drifted away. Neil looked for any flies, the Observor, but realized the air scooter ride to the village had probably lost it, and the Observor had obeyed its programming and returned to the farm to wait for their return. Neil asked, “Do you know the Holeys who attacked last night?”
 “No,” Zac shook his head. “It doesn't make sense. Nobody lives to the east of us. There’s nothing over there. There is no one up here.” 
“I've wondered too. I checked. The computer told me there isn't an occupied town within a 283.41 mile radius of your farm.” 
“It was one of the reasons people settled in this area. The hot springs being the other. They say it makes it hard for your equipment to spot us.” 
“It's true and Hunter said the limestone with all its sink holes makes surveillance hard too, but what is to the east of your farm anyone would attack?” Neil asked. 
Not far away hidden by many forms of camouflage a sniper watched them talk, patiently waiting for Zac to leave Neil alone. 
“That's just it. There's nothing there.” A cool morning breeze stirred the air and ruffled Zac's thinning hair. He ran his hand through his hair straightening it, “It is dangerous out there too because it is easy to get spotted, all flat no trees. We avoided the area. It was foolish to fight you. You'd just create another soldier for everyone killed.” 
“Not create. That's a legal term. It means to produce another living thing either by biology or technology. It's illegal to do. Soldiers are duped just before they go into a battle. If they are destroyed, a new body is built just like their old one, and the last duping session is used to resupply their new brains. The only things they lose are the memories of the battle where they were destroyed,” Neil said. 
“Okay, I understand that, but what's illegal then?” 
“The word create describes it. It means making another being by biology or technology. The first directive of the PRC is that no new persons will be created and applies to both Holeys and Reconstructs.” 
“I understand how we ‘create,’ but not people like you.” 
“I don't know all of it. Basically it’s making a body. That's the easy part, then filling the brain with a mixture of memories from many people and fuzzing them together. A person produced this way is called a Creat,” Neil said.
 “Dolores told me about fuzzing. It’s blurring memories when they aren't used to make more room in your mind for new ones and something else.” 
“That’s one kind of fuzzing. It’s also used to reduce the effects of a memory gone wild, an Afreet.” Neil stood. “Let's go see Dolores.” 
As Neil and Zac walked into a house, the sniper relaxed.
 Zac asked, “Have you ever met a Creat?”
“Not that I’m sure of.” Neil shook his head slowly.
Dolores looked up. “Good, you’re just who I need, Zac. I have been going through this kitchen and there's some things I can't name,” holding up a curved knife.
 “That's a grapefruit knife,” Zac said. 
Neil watched as Dolores held up one item after another for Zac. He still was not sure how all this knowledge had been lost, but Neil knew this would go on for some time, so he went into another room and picked up a thin book. It fascinated him. The book told of a form of knot tying called knitting. He found with practice he could read the instructions and form an image of what the finished item would look like. Several hours passed before Dolores and Zac joined him. 
“Fascinating.” Neil held up the book.
“If you'd like to try it, I have yarn and needles back at the farm, “ Zac said. 
“I would. It would be interesting.”
Dolores looked hard at Neil. “You want to learn an archaic craft?” 
“Sure, why not? It's interesting, and it must have been valuable to these people,” Neil said.
 Zac said, “You two talk. I need my lunch and a nap.” 
Dolores quickly turned away from Zac. 
“Sorry, I forgot. You can’t watch me eat. Why don't you two go for a walk along the river or go to the bridge and just enjoy the view.”
“Good idea,” Neil said, “Which will it be?” He hoped she’d say bridge. She did.
 
Chapter 18
Back at PRC Headquarters the Director was just finishing a presentation to a group, the ruling council, gathered around a large glass and metal table. The room was not the usual council chamber for security reasons. It was a bare functional room with gray walls and only the table and enough chairs for the council and the Director. 
“Isn't finding this Holey a little too convenient since it's budget time?” a council member asked. 
“Or a little too inconvenient as well. I would rather this happened at another time. I have more time for politicking and more time to think of ways to add to my budget,” The Director said. 
A few members laughed and another asked, “What was the purpose of these last attacks?” 
“It appears the Unreconstructs detected the activity around the farm and village. Each of the attacks destroyed part of the transportation complex in the area. The attacks, thus, seem to be directed at slowing the arrival of large number of troopers and material into the area,” The Director answered. 
“Did they succeed? Will it slow access into the area?” a member asked. 
“Yes. Somewhat. But Hunter feels the delay would not be critical if we need to move,” The Director answered.
 The figure dressed in gray with black marking at the other end of the table held up his hand. “Thank you, Director Schmitt. You may go now.” 



Back in his office the Director spoke to his computer. “Eve, secure the area so we can talk.” 
“Secured,” a natural sounding woman's voice answered. 
“How effective do you think the presentation was?” 
“The probability of success remains high, but there are still too many variables for a direct calculation.” 
“Any news?”
“Yes, I finished decoding a scrambled transmission from Hunter to his deputy. Would you like me to play it or give you a digest?” 
“Digest, Eve.” 
“Hunter has ordered a non-destructive sniper attack on Neil. The purpose is to have a Struct-mec check Neil for any extensions when the mec does the repair. After Neil went swimming, Hunter does not trust him.” 
“Damn him. I don't want Neil damaged or destroyed, but it's going to happen. Hunter isn't going to give up. I don't dare let Hunter know I am reading his transmissions on an almost real time basis. Let’s give Mr. Hunter something to think about when he meets the new Neil. The probability of Hunter destroying Neil remains high?”
 “Yes.”
 “The purpose to prove Neil is a Creat?”
 “Yes.” 
“Okay, let's be ready. Order a new Neil body prepared in advance, but put every possible extension into it you can without changing Neil's appearance, and keep Hunter's agent in rebuilding area away from this project.” 
“Programming to use the extensions as well?” 
“Yes, the next time Hunter tries to destroy Neil, he'll have a real opponent to play with.” 
“Anything else?” 
“Yes, don't wait to inform me when you find out Neil has been destroyed. Order the rebuilding completed immediately.” The Director leaned back in his chair and shook his head, “I wish I could save the boy from this. His job is to solve the fatal flaw, and he doesn’t even know it exists yet.”
 

Neil and Dolores reached the edge of the village. Neil asked, “Where to? Do you want to go for a walk a little first or just go to the spider bridge?”
 “Let's go down to the spider bridge,” Dolores said. 
The afternoon air was full of seeds riding their parachutes and dancing with the wind. 
Dolores laughed as one stuck in Neil's hair. The sniper swore. They were going away from his position. 
They walked in silence toward the bridge, stopping once to let a robin retrieve a worm. 
“Does he notice us?” Neil asked pointing at the robin. 
“Yes, if we had gone on he would have given up on that worm and flown away.” 
The sniper gained ground on them. 
As they walked on Dolores asked, “Why so silent?” 
“I thought that's what you wanted. You seemed to be thinking.” 
“No, not really. There is so much to this village. It’s overwhelming.”
A cloud of tiny blue butterflies flew up as they passed a mud puddle drying up in the late summer sun. They slowed to watch and the sniper got a little closer. 
“So there’s no need to be so quiet; we can talk. Aren't those butterflies pretty?” 
“Yes and I've never seen so many butterflies in one place before. What do you think they are doing? Drinking the water?” 
“You're asking an anthropologist not an entomologist. Your guess is as good as mine.” 
They walked on and finally out almost to the center of the bridge and leaned on the clear railing. The breeze was stronger on the bridge, but the sun was warm. The river valley’s many shades and shapes of greens below them waved in the breeze. They stood and watched in silence for a while.
“Hunter told me the material this bridge is made out of is stronger than steel, but it's got more give, stretch to it, than most other materials this strong. It means the bridge is less likely to fail under stress because of that give,” Neil said. 
“We think these people were dumb just because they weren't like us, but some of what they did like this bridge we still can't duplicate. Did you know we haven't been able to produce material like this?” 
The sniper found a position where he could hide after the attack. He reviewed his orders; damage a leg of Corrigan with the first shot and fire several more shots close by for affect, then sit and wait out the search.
 Neil and Dolores leaned on the almost invisible railing and talked. Dolores blocked the sniper's view of Neil. The Sniper waited patiently.
 “What else did they have we don't?” Neil asked. 
“A researcher named Brandt published a catalog of items. It was more than a hundred pages long. It's fascinating reading. There is a description of each item along with its picture. I would guess at least sixty major things like the material in this bridge. In some ways, we slipped back in our knowledge and ability to do things” 
“Is there anything new in the village?” 
“Yes, but I don't know what is just new to me or really new. Zac is a storehouse of solid facts. He’s very valuable for my research. It is easy to fall in love with their life style. I even wonder at time what it would be like to be a Holey again.”
“What do you mean?”
“The little things. What something smells like. Things like that.” Dolores stared into space with a smile as she spoke.
 Neil pointed below them into the woods. “Do you see the bright orange and black colored bird there?” 
“No.” Dolores moved to Neil's other side. “Point to it and I can look down your arm to find it.” 
The sniper smiled as a clean shoot appeared. With pure mechanical precision he raised the rifle, sighted, and squeezed off a round. 
The impact of the slug shattered Neil’s knee knocking him down. Another shot followed a second later. Dolores looked around in confusion. Neil reached up and grabbed her hand. “Get down. We're being shot at.” Neil yanked her to the bridge decking. The malfunction warning going off inside Neil's head made it hard to think. “Warning, you have a serious malfunction. Warning, you have a serious malfunction. . .” 
“Who's doing it?” Dolores looked around quickly then noticed Neil's badly damaged leg. “You've been hit.” 
“Yes, I can't move my leg well. I think the shots are coming from back that way.” Neil pointed toward the village. “Let's crawl behind the supporting cables. They might offer some protection.” Neil and Dolores crawled as another shot went overhead. “There's no use in us both getting damaged and needing a rebuild. I'll lie on my side. You get behind me. Lie flat. That should give you some protection.” 
Dolores did as she was told. “Where in the hell is my stupid ex-husband and his troopers when you need them?” 
The afternoon had grown quiet. The birds had stopped singing. Even the afternoon breeze had died away. Neil said, “Listen, I can hear air scooters.” In the distance, the distinctive whine of the air scooter’s turbines grew.
In a few minutes the area was full of troopers on scooters with their shields up for the first time. 
“Land and take up defensive positions either side of the bridge,” Hunter ordered. 
Hunter landed on the bridge near Neil and Dolores and ran over, “Where did those shots come from?” 
Neil pointed toward the village. 
“In the village?” 
“No, it was closer than that, but I couldn't see anybody, “ Neil said. 
Hunter started issuing orders through his link, “Blue leader, keep your men in the village. Don't let the Holey out of the house he's in. Green and Yellow leaders, bring your men to the bridge. I want you to sweep the area down toward river. It offers the most cover. He’s probably moving down to the river to get away. I’m sure he ran as soon as he heard us coming. This is a shoot first situation. Use maximum destructive force.” Hunter smiled knowing the sniper's orders were to stay put after shooting. There was little chance of the sniper's discovery with forces moving away from him in their search. 
“It is safe yet?” Dolores asked. 
“I think so. He should have run as soon as he heard our scooters if he's smart,” Hunter answered, “But stay down until the other teams arrive. Our search will help keep his head down. Corrigan, I see your leg is damaged. Do you think you can walk?” 
“No, I don't seem to be able to move it effectively,” Neil answered. 
“There's a Struct-mec back at the base camp on the farm. I'll have you taken to him as soon as the teams begin their sweep and we're sure the area is clear,” Hunter said. Hunter turned his attention to the troopers in their defensive positions. 
“Why did you shield me with your body?” Dolores asked Neil. 
“You haven’t been duped. A remake before the material you learned here had been duped would cost you all you've learned about Zac and his people,” Neil answered. 
“It was a brave thing to do,” Dolores said. 
“I don't know. I was already damaged,” Neil said, “I sure wish this warning announcement would stop going off in my head. It's worse than the leg. I can't think.” 
Hunter smiled as he listened, but the arrival of Green and Yellow teams took his attention away from the softly talking couple. Hunter quickly started the teams on their searches. Turning to Neil he said, “With a malfunctioning leg like that, you can't fly back to the base camp on scooter, so I'll have two of my men carry you back to the village and order a small air transport to pick you up. It shouldn't take too long.” Hunter ordered two men from the bridge defenses to carry Neil. Dolores walked along side.
 Back in the village, Dolores left Neil under a small sycamore tree to find Zac. In a few minutes she returned with Zac.
 Zac looked at Neil's leg with its damaged mechanical parts exposed, “Does it hurt?” 
“No, but the malfunction warning going off in my head is driving me crazy,” Neil answered. 
“I don't understand how you got shot. Nobody in this whole valley would ever have done anything like this. We didn’t even have guns that worked. We ran out of ammunition.” Zac said. 
“Not even to defend the valley? We must look like an invasion force,” Neil said. 
“No, there's nobody left up here. Everyone moved on or died. This doesn't make sense.” Zac walked over to a tall pine trimmed of all its lower branches about fifty yards away and sat down. Dolores wondered what he was thinking. 
Half an hour later two troopers arrived. One said, “The air transport is landing. We will carry you over. The rest of you are to go with him. This area is considered unsafe now.” The troopers picked up Neil. Zac and Dolores followed as they carried Neil to the air transport. 
 
		Chapter 19
Later that day Hunter was finishing his report to the Director. “Yes, it was a risk. Yes, I didn't tell you. Your surprise was noticed there I’m sure and that helps the Vizard Plan. It also served to bond Dolores more closely to Corrigan. He shielded her with his body. She's not going to forget that.” 
“I still don't like what you did. Next time tell me before you act. Report as usual tomorrow.” The Director ended his transmission. 
Hunter smiled. A few minutes later the Struct-mec arrived. 
“Corrigan is a standard model with no extensions, sir.” 
“Did you pick up anything?” Hunter asked. 
“He has undergone mega fuzzing. There must have been several Afreets after him. I couldn't fix the leg properly. It'll take a replacement leg. I've ordered one built from his master file. Until it comes in a week or so, he'll have a small malfunction in that leg so I turned off his malfunction alarm, sir.” 
“You can go,” Hunter dismissed the Struct-mec with a wave of his hand. 
Neil walked across the old farm yard from the Struct-mec's van to his own with a slight limp. The late afternoon sun warmed the grasshoppers sunning themselves on the tall grass and weeds. They hopped and flew out of Neil's way. He was glad to be rid of the malfunction warning. He wondered if that was what pain was like to Zac. The van computer greeted him, “Welcome back. Dolores Oaks is waiting for you. Do you wish to see her now?” 
“Yes, where is she.” 
“In the communications room.” 
Dolores hugged Neil, “How are you?”  She searched his face with concern.
“I'll have a small malfunction much like Zac's until a new leg arrives in a week or so.” 
“Why did you shield me back there on the bridge?” 
“I've already answered you. There wasn't any need for both of us to end up with a remake. We're lucky whoever did the shooting was a bad shot. I'm sure he wasn't aiming at my leg and none of the other shots hit us. You're the expert. Were the old gunpowder powered weapons that inaccurate?” 
“I don't know,” Dolores answered, “Better to ask Hunter that one, but you misunderstand my question. I know what you said about the remake, but why protect me? You don't owe me anything.” 
Neil looked at her and shrugged. “Why wouldn't I?” He sat down. “It didn't make sense for both of us to get hurt. Why would I have to owe you something just to help you?” 
Dolores smiled leaned over and hugged him again, “I've lived around Hunter too long. He bargains for everything, right down to who is going to divorce who and over what made up reason. He thinks the world is a game to be played with every move anyone makes affecting him. It's the game theory of life. Which reminds me, did you notice Zac after you got shot?” 
“With the malfunction alarm going off in my head, I didn't notice much of anything. What's this about divorce?” 
“You know how our leader is big on the family unit. Families don't make sense anymore, especially without kids, but you know leaders never do make sense. Hunter didn't want his career hurt, so I took the blame for our divorce. That's why he told me about Zac or so he says. That and to help pay off the debt he owes me, but let’s get back to Zac. He was too silent. Seemed surprised at what happened. It makes me wonder.” 
“About what? He couldn't have done it. He was inside a house in the village.”
 “I've probably just been around Hunter too long, but what if Zac was part of a group of Holeys living here in the village? For some reason they decide to make contact with the PRC and Zac is appointed or volunteers or something to make the contact. Now one of them changes their mind and decides to shoot at us while Zac has his memory in the fire. Isn't he going to feel like they've left him out there to fry?”
Neil frowned. “I guess so, but why would one of them shoot at us now?” 
“Who knows. Maybe, somebody changed their mind or they have a problem with Zac. Whatever it is, Zac was as quiet as a fried memory on the trip back here.” 
Neil stood up. “I guess you might be right. What should we do?” 
“There's not much we can do. I don't think Zac had any part in this, so we can try and cheer him up, but there's still another strange thing in all that happened this afternoon. I talked to my dear ‘ex’ after we got back here about Zac. I told him what I just told you. He waved it off saying Zac was just a Holey.”
 Neil shook his head slowly and tried moving his damaged knee with his hands, “I don't understand. That's the way Hunter thinks about Holeys.”
 “It's not that part. He should have reacted to the idea there are other Holeys in the area. He should have been asking questions of either me or Zac. He didn't do either. Something isn't right.”
 “What. . .” The communication console announced an incoming priority call for Neil.
The Director greeted Neil and then said, “Don't leave Dolores. This isn't business. I wanted to see how Neil was after the incident this afternoon at the village.” 
“I'm fine. I need a replacement leg. It should be here in a week or two,” Neil said. 
“Good. And how are you, Dolores? You must have been upset by this incident, too.” 
“Oh, I'm fine. I just want you to know how brave Neil was at the bridge. He shielded me with his body after he got shot, so I wouldn't get hurt,” Dolores said. 
The Director smiled. “He has many good qualities. Some I don’t think even he knows. You ought to explore them. I must go. I am glad you are both fine. Neil, take your time filing your report. I got enough from Hunter for now. Good afternoon.” 
“That was quick.” Dolores said as the screen went black. 
“He had another call coming in. I noticed his eyes. He looked down at his call lights,” Neil said. 
“I didn't notice the Director look away. You're pretty observant. I'll have to watch it around you. There's no telling what you’ll notice about me.” Dolores winked at him. “Let’s go see if we can't cheer up Zac.” 

Zac was stacking his few supper dishes in a wash pan when they arrived. “Come in and sit down. I have to get this water heating so I can do dishes. I didn't plan ahead, and I haven't got enough hot water to rinse them with.” Zac lifted a half full bucket of water onto the wood stove. He added a couple of small pieces of wood to the stove's firebox and joined them at the table. 
Neil noticed Zac's usual smile was gone. “You always seem to be doing dishes or cooking. What did you think of this afternoon? I thought it was interesting.” 
Zac looked questioningly at Neil. 
“It is the first time I've ever been shot.” 
Dolores frowned at Neil. “Will you help me finish that kitchen tomorrow?” 
“Yes,” Zac answered without any expression. 
Dolores and Neil exchanged glances. Neil asked, “Are you tired?”
 “A little.” 
Dolores smiled and winked at Neil, “I know why he's so silent. He's feeling sorry for himself.” 
“Why’s that?” Neil asked. 
“Because he can't get all the sympathy now. He's not the only one with a limp. He'll have to share with you now.” 
Zac looked at Dolores for a couple of moments and then laughed. “I’m sorry, but what happened this afternoon disturbs me. It doesn't make sense. I should just enjoy the company of friends and put it aside.” The atmosphere changed in that moment. They continued to talk in the warm kitchen filled with the rich smells of the fire in the stove and the bundles of hanging herbs Zac had collected. Their talk became as warm as the room. As the water on the stove started to steam Zac said, “I think I'll go to bed early. I really am tired, but I've got to get these dishes done first.”
 “I think I'll go for walk. Do you want to join me, Dolores?” Neil said.
 “Any place special in mind?” Dolores asked.
 “Sort of, I know of a big open area very near here with an old oak in the middle of it, or there’s a big maple tree down by the river.”
 “Oh, you know your trees, do you?” She winked at Zac and stood up.
 “Not many, but Zac has been teaching me. I'll see you in the morning, Zac.” 
“You're a fine pair of friends. Leaving to enjoy the night while I'm stuck doing the dishes,” Zac said. 
“See, I told you he was looking for sympathy. Now he wants us to do his work too. We didn't dirty his dishes. We don't even have to eat and now he expects us to stay and help,” Dolores had to laugh as she finished. 
Zac laughed too. “You two go ahead and enjoy the night. I'll see you in the morning.” 
Dolores and Neil walked across the farmyard. The moon was just nearing full. The silvery moon-made land was bright enough to make for easy walking. Here and there bushes or taller grasses made holes of blackness they walked around.
 “How did you find this ‘oak tree’?” Dolores asked. 
“I have been exploring. My need for any rest state seems low, so while the camp sleeps I have been walking, or just sitting under the oak and watching the stars go by. I sometimes have a visitor or two. Jessie or another of Zac's cats comes to see me.” 
“Is it the small cat with four or five colors?”
 “Yes.” 
“I think she is the one Zac calls Cassandra. She has visited me, too.”
 “This is a beautiful valley. I can understand why people would want to live here.” 
“Better watch out, you're beginning to sound like an anthropologist.”
 “That won't be so bad. I've never had a more interesting time I can remember than the time I have spent in this valley. Would Zac's village have been able to support themselves here?”
 “Easily. They had small crop areas for food hidden from patrol satellites. You know, that's something I've wondered about. These groups always had a way out in case of trouble with the PRC. It was usually an underground hideout and underground facility, so they'd have the means to produce synthetic food. I haven’t seen any signs of those things here.” 
“Do you think Zac hasn't told us everything?” Neil asked.
 “I wouldn't if I were him. I'd keep some secrets to bargain with. We laser fried a lot of Holeys because they weren't quick enough to say yes to Reconstruction or didn't have anything to offer. Zac's smart enough to hold back.”
 “Yes, he is. We're almost to my spot. "It's just through those trees," Neil pointed to a dark ridge of trees highlighted by the moon’s silver. The first time I came here I thought the line of trees was a woods, but it's only a few trees wide. I don't know why someone would plant trees in such a thin line.” 
“I can answer that. It's a windbreak. There must have been a farm house and barn in the area.”
 “I didn't see any.” Neil smiled at her. “I'm not an anthropologist, but I don't think I could miss an artifact as big as a house.” 
They laughed and Neil led the way through the trees. The sounds of a late summer's night surrounded them, but it was the night wind through a group of tall pines they stopped to listen to. As they listened, they instinctively joined hands. The moonlight made the path a metallic ribbon. They walked to the opening beyond the tree line. 
She stopped and looked around the opening. “It's beautiful.”
 Neil nodded and led the way to a huge oak in the center of the field. The grass around the tree was flattened from his visits.
 “What do you do here?” Dolores asked.
 “I sit and think. I watch the stars unless the moon is too bright like it is tonight. No one but the troopers on guard are active in the middle of the night, so I come here.” Neil motioned and they sat down together. 
“I'd like to see this in daylight,” Dolores said. 
Overhead a nighthawk called. They continued to talk almost in whispers until one of Zac's cats joined them. 
“Hi, Jessie,” Neil said as the cat jumped up on his lap purring. 
“She likes you.” 
“Jessie comes to see me almost every time I come here. She likes to be petted and likes the warm area over my power pack. She'll fall asleep on it some nights.”
Dolores leaned over and petted Jessie too. Jessie arched her back against Dolores’ hand and seemed to purr all the louder. Dolores moved until she was sitting close enough to Neil so that Jessie could walk back and forth from their two laps without touching the ground.
 “She is a friendly cat. The other cat, Cassandra, is much less friendly. She approaches very carefully and runs off at the first sign of anything she thinks is dangerous,” Neil said.
 “Animals have personalities just like people. We don't have as many pets as a society as we did when we were Holey according to the statistics I’ve seen. I don’t know why. I like animals. They make me feel connected to the world. They still sense things we don’t anymore.”
 Jessie jumped off their laps and started toward the tree line away from Zac's farm. 
“I guess she is going to go look for something to eat,” Neil said. 
“Or a mate.” Dolores studied Neil's face for a moment and then smiled, “Would you like a mate for the evening?” 
“If you're suggesting what I think you are, I don't know. Working for the Director limits your life outside the job. I've never tried much pleasuring.”
“It's good, but not as good as sex was. That's something I really miss about not being Holey. I loved being touched all over, the warmth of my lover's breath on my skin, the smell of a man's body, the feeling of our bodies slick with sweat, and a zillion other things.” She paused and shook her head. “But now pleasuring is all we have. I suppose there are advantages. It is pure pleasure. There’s no clean up afterward, but I even liked that, and I miss the feelings of having made love which were part of my body for hours afterwards. But then with pleasuring there can't be failure of birth control. I loved sex. How about you?”
 Neil shook his head. “I really don't know. I can almost remember it. The fuzzing and being near death when I was found has cost me all of my specific memories of anything.” 
“All your memories that fried? That's got to be awful. I can't give you memories of sex, but we still fit together the same way for pleasuring as sex, so you can image what it must have been like back then for you.” Dolores slipped out of her clothes. She continued to lead the way until they were together. 
“I know this makes no sense because we can't feel, but I just don’t want this to be mechanical. I miss parts of being human. Would you kiss me?” Dolores asked. 
Neil put his lips to hers and a moment later waves of pleasure engulfed him. He responded in kind and Neil could sense hers lips smiling under his. He moved his head back slightly to look at her face. “Did it happen like that when we were Holeys?” 
“Only with the right person.” Dolores hugged him.
Neil touched her face with his finger tips. 
She caught his hand and held it to her cheek. “I wish I could feel your touch. I wish I could remember what it felt like to touch and be touched, but I know it is best that it was fuzzed out.”
They clung together under the stars while Cassandra watched them from the tree line until the sky began to gray in the east. In the moment before they moved apart Dolores sent another wave of pleasure through Neil. He responded in kind and smiled at her.
“If I could, I would cry with happiness.” Dolores ran her finger tips over his chest. “If only you could feel my touch, too. What have we done to ourselves?”
 
Chapter 20
An hour later Hunter started his day. “Computer, give me the overnight events report.” 
“Perimeter activity, none. Air activity, none. Camp activity, normal. Neil Corrigan was accompanied by Dolores Oaks to the field where he often spends the night. They spent the entire night there, sir.” 
“What were they doing?”
“They talked and pleasured each other, sir” 
Hunter stared at the communication console, running his hand over his chin in thought. He settled into his polished metal chair. “We don't have a microphone in that field, do we?” 
“No sir.” 
“Call Willess on a scrambled circuit.” 
The communication console's screen turned royal blue and then black as Hunter watched. 
Willess' face appeared on the screen. “Good morning, Sir.” 
 “Take a look and see when Dolores is due for her repack.” 
Willess leaned away from the screen and entered something in a console to his left. “She is due to have her power supply repacked in five and half weeks, sir.”
 “Make duplicates of last night's activity between Dolores and Corrigan and put them in a safe place. I’m going to try to destroy Dolores before her repack. She won't have these memories in her master memory. After she is remade, I can use the tape of their pleasuring to get more leverage in dealing with her in the future. She never thought much of Corrigan before this trip. I can tell her how much of a fool she made of herself and show her the tapes. She went for something that is almost certainly a Creat. It might even be enough to get her family on my side for the Director's job. Using her help, of course, as my foot in the door.” Hunter was pleased.
 “I'll make sure the copies are made, sir.” 
“Now I must figure out how to destroy Dolores and make it look good. Wait, let’s tie it into Vizard. The Director will take the blame for it. That should make Dolores' family unhappy. You take care of the tapes. I'll figure out how to destroy Dolores. Hunter out.” 
Only a few minutes later at PRC headquarters the Director's computer buzzed him.
 “Yes, Eve.” 
“I just decoded a conversation between Hunter and his deputy. Would you like a summary or full report?' 
“Summary, Eve.” 
“Hunter is planning to destroy Dolores before her next repack. The purpose is to blackmail her. She spent last night with Neil in a pleasuring session. It is clear Hunter believes he can use surveillance tapes of the event to convince Dolores she took part in some activity that will call her loyalty into question. He made references about blaming the Vizard plan for her destruction. He sees all of this as an aid in getting your position.” 
“He has to be looking for a way to insure Dolores keeps quiet for a long time. I don’t see there is much we can do for her. It is impossible to leak Hunter’s plan without giving away my ability to read all Hunter’s communication. Keep monitoring and work on ways we might stop Hunter’s plan, Eve.” The director rubbed his forehead and turned back to reading a report. The metal desk reflected a distorted image of him, but no one was there to notice.


Dolores and Neil returned to the farm yard and met Zac on his way to the old barn to do the chores. “Good morning, you two. Did you have a good night?”
Neil smiled and Dolores said, “Yes, we did. Are you all ready to go back to the village?”
“Yes, but we won’t be going. Hunter has put the village ‘off limits’ until he gets more men in the area. He stopped by my house a few minutes ago to ask a question that didn’t make sense about something called snoopers,” Zac said.
Dolores laughed. “Snoopers are his favorite subject. I think I’ll go get caught up on some section work if we aren’t going to the village today. I thought Hunter might keep us here today. You two don’t get lost. I might need help.”
They watched for a moment as Dolores walked away and then turned toward the barn once more. The morning air was still and Zac alone could feel the stillness in the warmth of his body. Cassandra watched them. She would not join them. The barn felt like a home as they entered. Neil helped Zac with the chores, but Adda, Zac’s best milking goat, would permit only Zac to milk her. As the milk started to fill the bucket, Zac looked up at Neil. “When we get back to the village, I want you to slip away with me, and I’ll take you to the defense center of the village.”
On the wall of the barn the Observor recorded the scene as Neil and Zac continued to talk, but soon the talk was of Adda and milking and making cheese. Neil helped Zac feed the other animals and then walked back to the house carrying the bucket of milk while Zac carried eggs in a handmade basket. Back in the house Zac asked, “Would you still like to learn to knit?”
“Yes, can you show me?”
Zac opened a chest of drawers. He took out a ball of yarn and a couple of knitting needles. As Zac started to show Neil how to knit, Dolores joined them. “What you are doing?”
“I’m teaching him to knit,” Zac said.
“If you succeed, how about putting on a demo? It is a folk art that is no longer practiced,” Dolores said.
Neil found the basic knitting stitches easy to follow, but the few rows of stitches he produced were lumpy.
“Relax, you need to keep the tension on the yarn constant and not have too much. That will keep whatever you knit flat,” Zac said.
While Neil kept trying, Dolores quizzed Zac about items she had found in the village. Zac patiently answered each question often using his hands to explain how something was done or held. It was late morning before Dolores ran out of questions. Neil had produced a three by six inch piece knitting with the natural colored golden wool. Zac inspected it. “Not bad. It took me a lot longer to knit something that looked that good. Are you going to stay for lunch?” 
Dolores said, “Can I have him while you eat?”
“Sure, are you going to have more questions this afternoon?” Zac asked.
“No, I know you have work to do. We have set you back in your work for winter. Would you like me to get someone out here to help you with your work?” Dolores asked.
“That would be a big help. In truth, you have slowed me down quite a bit,” Zac answered.
“Okay, I’ll talk to Hunter and Neil to see if I can’t get you help very soon,” Dolores said.
“Thanks for the lesson, Zac,” Neil said as he stood and carefully put down the knitting.
“Better not leave it there or one of the cats will be in your knitting,” Zac said. “Why don’t you put it in the wooden box right there beside the chair?”
Dolores and Neil left together.  As soon as they were far enough from the house so that Neil was sure Zac would not hear he said, “Zac told me he was going to take me to the village’s defense center next time we go back there.”
Dolores stopped walking. “Did he tell you where it was?”
“No, but it must be in the village”
“It’s hidden then because I have been in every room of every building. Did he tell you anything else about the defense center?”
“No, and don’t feel bad. Zac seems to tell me things first, like he did with the village. I am sure he’ll show you, too.”
“Do you think he will tell me before we go back?” 
“No,” Neil shook his head. The day promised to be windy. A dry wind had made short work of the morning’s dew and was again blowing late summer seeds to their new homes. Hunter stepped out of his van, and seeing Dolores and Neil talking, walked towards them. 
“Here comes Hunter. We’ll talk about this more later.” Dolores turned to the approaching Hunter. “When are you going to let us go back to the village?”
Hunter nodded at Neil. “Tomorrow, I think. I need to see the results of today’s sweep. Let’s go to my van, Dolores.”
Dolores walked away with Hunter, but turned and looked at Neil with a shrug.
Neil smiled and turned toward his van happy with himself.
 
	Chapter 21	
Once inside his van Hunter asked, “You said you had Observors in many forms so that they would blend into the background. Do you have any birds? Birds that might live in this area?”
“Yes, that was my first thought, but then a bird cannot follow Zac indoors. What do you want?”
“I’d like to put an Observor in the village with programming to stay there.”
“Okay, that’s what you want, but why?” Dolores studied Hunter.
“Your Observor here provided some interesting information this morning. That thing told Corrigan he would take him to the village’s defense center when we return to the village. I want to watch and find it,” Hunter said.
Dolores quickly thought and decided Neil and Zac would be safer with an Observor watching over them. “I have two Observors in the shape of birds native to this area. The first is a wren and the other is a robin. The wren might be the best one because it is a small bird.”
“Where are these Observors kept?”
“They’re back at headquarters. I can order one sent. It should be here late tomorrow.”
“Too slow. I’ll send one of my men in headquarters for it and fly it out here today. You program it to stay in the area of the village. I don’t want it following him back here,” Hunter said.


In his van Neil was talking to the Director. “Is there anything else you want me to do here or at the village?”
“No, I wish we could slow Hunter down. Do you need anything from this end?” The Director asked.
“I would like to get my new leg. The malfunction in this leg slows me up. Everyone has to walk slowly with me, even Zac.”
“I will see if I can’t get the building of your replacement leg speeded up. Oh, there is another bit of news from this end. It looks like Directive Ten is going to be activated again,” The Director said.
“The reporting of Holeys? Ops, sorry. I meant Unreconstructeds. Your campaign must have been successful.”
“Yes, it looks that way. I must go now. Be careful around that village. It seems like a dangerous place.” The screen went black almost instantly as the Director finished his last words.

Dolores had rejoined Zac in his kitchen. Zac was sterilizing the milking pail and some other pans he used in cheese making. The scent of mint from Zac’s herb tea mix filled the kitchen and the warmth of the woodstove were things Dolores was aware she missed or perhaps she had always missed them. She wasn’t sure what it was like to be a Holey. She looked at Zac.
Zac asked, “Why so quiet? Did I do something again I shouldn’t have?” He continued to work.
“No. I was thinking. About things in the past and someone now. You’re human, Zac. Do you remember love?”
Zac smiled and nodded a yes.
“I think I’m falling in love with Neil. I did something I didn’t want to do just to protect him. Last night we spent together. It is something I never thought would happen again to me.”
“Are you unhappy it happened?” Zac asked.
“No. At least I don’t think so.”
“Why not just enjoy it? It’s too rare to do otherwise, and there isn’t much you could do even if you wanted,” Zac said.
“But we’re supposed to be immune to things like love. We’re plastic and metal. We don’t need love to create kids,” Dolores said.
Zac dried his hands as she spoke and walked over to the table and sat down, “You do have something inside that makes you human. Most of love has nothing to do with having kids. I loved my wife, but we never had kids. It seems the move you made into your ‘plastic and metal’ didn’t take away the part of you that makes you very human.”
“But I don’t want to love him.” Dolores talked completely forgetting the Observor.
“We don’t seem to be able to choose who and when we love. In the perfect world you are trying to make, that would be possible, but the price would be too high. You couldn’t be human anymore.” Zac touched the back of her hand.
Dolores wished she felt the touch.


In Hunter’s van, he was just finishing the arrangements for the shipping of the second Observor. “Make sure that bird gets here this afternoon.”
“Yes sir,” Willess said.
“Did you run ideas on destroying Dolores through the computer?” Hunter asked.
“Yes sir, I know you are eager to get her, but everything I ran through the computer came up with too high a risk. You could be discovered too easily. We need to find something else.”
“Okay, I’ll keep looking. Maybe something will come up that I can use. Hunter out.” The screen went black. “Computer, I want you to run some probabilities.”


The next morning brought three more people from Dolores’ department to the farm. They were farming experts, and they worked with Zac. By late afternoon, they were weeding his garden and tending the goats. Adda even let one of them milk her at milking time.
The next morning dawned with a gray overcast and a chill to the air. Hunter was happy. They were returning to the village. He had brought in more troopers. There were to be air patrols over the village and foot patrols around the village. The ‘armed’ light glowed brightly on all their laser rifles. A few special weapons troopers carried heavier weapons.
“You seem happy,” Dolores said to Hunter.
“It’s going to be a good day. I can feel it.”
“Good for who? I don’t trust you when you’re happy. Do you have something planned?”
“No, it’s just that I’ve everything in hand. For me, it’s all quiet on the western front.” Hunter smiled at her.
“That’s because everything that has happened has happened to the east of the farm,” Dolores made a face at him.
From the edge of the woods Cassandra watched the preparations to leave for awhile and then turned back into the woods.
The trip to the village was a military convoy of the air. Even after they arrived at the village, the presence of the extra troopers was clear.
Neil asked Hunter, “How many men do you have here?”
“With the special weapons group, there are just over two hundred. About half the force is staying here in the village area and the other at the farm.”
Zac stared at Hunter. Dolores said, “Keep them out of the buildings. I don’t want this place disturbed.”
Hunter laughed, “They are so ordered already. You love this Holey stuff, don’t you?”
Dolores did not answer, but took Zac by the arm and walked toward the building where she was working. Neil stayed outside a few minutes more, walking the village and making his own notes on his link for his private files. A misty rain began to fall. It seemed to chill even his metal and plastic body, so he joined Dolores and Zac. He sat down on a finely crafted wooden bench. The smooth surface of an organic material fascinated Neil. He would run his fingers along the surfaces of the wood furniture to try to feel its smoothness. Zac had told him and shown him the tools people had used to make such smooth surfaces. 

 
	Chapter 22	
It was a couple of hours more before Dolores finished with Zac. He led Neil out the door then stopped and watched a wren in a near-by bush move to its outer branches. The earlier mist had turned into a soft rain.
“This rain will help the garden, but I’d just as soon not be out in it,” Zac said.
“Do we have far to go?”
“No, it’s just at the edge of the village.”
“Did every village have a defense center?”
“I don’t know,” Zac shrugged and shook his head. None of the troopers were in sight. Zac lead Neil to the rock face that formed the edge of the village. He stopped. “Entrance into the center is controlled by voice. I want to teach the computer your voice. Computer, learn a voice. Now just talk to me.”
“What should I say? Does it need anything special?” Neil asked.
“No, but it will need a password from you. It should be a single word. I suggest a name. Why not use Dolores?”
“Then this system requires both the voice print and a password, interesting. Did it recognize every member of the village?” As they talked the Observor in the shape of a wren watched and recorded the scene but too far away for voice recording.
“I have enough for recognition. Please pick a password,” The computer said.
“Dolores,” Neil said.
The computer repeated Dolores and Neil recorded the word Dolores via his link into his special security file.
“Open,” Zac said. The wall of rock cracked and then an opening appeared. Zac led the way inside and stopped, “Close.”
As the door closed Neil could see the soft lighting in the tunnel brighten. Zac said, “It conserves energy. Only the part of the tunnel you are in is lit. It senses your movement. As a kid, I would try running fast as I could to see if I could get ahead of the computer and into the dark, but I never could. Then I’d get in trouble for running in the tunnels. I still come down here whenever I get the time.”
Neil laughed. The tunnel walls were a dirty white. In places it was easy to see where water had run down them and was beginning to make the formations found in natural caves. The unnaturalness of the tunnel was clear from its square shape and the gutters carved into the limestone to carry off water seeping into it.
Zac smiled and led the way. After a few hundred yards they came to a “Y” in the tunnel and Zac stopped, “If you get lost in here, they have a neat system to help you find your way. At any junction like this one, just say out loud where you want to go like this, ‘defense center.’” One of the tunnels at the “Y” lights came on. “From now on when we reach a junction, the computer will turn on the lights in the correct tunnel for where we are going.”
“Then this is more than just a defense center?”
“Yes, it was our storehouse and our labs. This rock is limestone and full of natural caves. Often when it rains, it’s wet in here. So it’s not comfortable. It joins with a granite ridge just a few miles from here and in there we had a deep refuge in case they decided to use nuclear weapons and a dry place at other times.”
“But what if someone got into the tunnel or found the entrance to the tunnels?” Neil asked.
“The computer would seal the tunnels using explosives hidden in the walls if it detected any one it didn’t know in the tunnels, but it would only destroy the tunnel with the intruder. If someone found the door, the rock face is full of explosives and would detonate causing a rockslide sealing the door. If they kept coming by digging, the computer would keep sealing the tunnel in front of them. All our defenses were designed to slow up whoever was coming after us. I guess they could have been caught in the explosions, but they weren’t designed to kill.”
“Who put this system together?”
“I don’t know. It was something used every place there was a village or at least that is what I was told.”
“How far do we have to go?” Neil found long walks with his limp frustrating.
“No much farther. The computer is still further underground, and there is another area that could be used as a defense center there. This was designed so we could reach it quickly from the outside.”
“Is there another way into here?”
“Yes, several. I’ll show you the map in the control center. Every good rabbit hole has its back door. This entrance is the quickest way to the center. The other entrances from the village have quick access to other areas like storage.”
“You played down here as a child?”
“Yes and no. I was the only kid in the village. Well, the youngest kid. There were a couple of teenagers when I was found, but there was never anyone my age until I was ten. Then Lady came.”
“Your wife,” Neil said.
“That’s what she became. We’re almost there.” Zac shivered.
“Are you cold? Is it cold in here?”
“It’s the dampness in these tunnels. The temperature is in the 50’s the year around. The center is drier and feels warm. Just a few steps more now.”
 
		Chapter 23
Back at the entrance to the tunnel Hunter was examining the rock where the door opened. He turned to the trooper next him. “Run that recording of the door opening again.”
The trooper did using a small recording device’s screen.
“There’s not much chance we will be able to force our way in. They have to come out. I want a ring formed around this area. We don’t know who might come out with them, so bring in the heavy weapons group, too.  Then I’ll arrange the forces,” Hunter ordered.


Back inside Zac was showing Neil the defense center. “The viewing screens are connected to cameras hidden around the village, so we could see what is happening.”
“Inside as well as out?” Neil asked.
“No, just outside. That way no one’s privacy was taken away from them.”
“Can you turn them on so I could see?” Neil asked.
“Sure.” Zac turned to the control panel, not much more than a few switches and knobs, touched a few switches and most of the screens on the wall lit up.
Neil scanned them, “Wait! Look at that one! Where is that?”
“It is at the entrance. Hunter must have had followed us. He doesn’t trust either of us,” Zac said.
“Agreed, but there’s more. Look at the men there and there,” Neil pointed at the screens, “Can we hear what they are saying?”
“Yes,” Zac touched some other controls.
Hunter’s voice came through the speaker, “Use maximum force. We don’t know what is going to come out of that hillside.”
“It sounds like we will get a nasty reception when we go back,” Neil said.
“It is worse than that. The computer is already evaluating the situation. If it determines they are a threat, it will seal the tunnel entrance. That will also destroy part of the village,” Zac said.
“I’ll have to go up and warn Hunter off. You stay here. You’ll be safe if something goes wrong?”
“Yes, very safe,” Zac said.
“You can get out other ways?”
“We both could,” Zac said.
“I know, but I am worried about Dolores. If she has moved to a building closer to the edge of the village to work she could be destroyed too. At least, I can make sure you are safe. You stay here. If something happens, stay here. Don’t try to contact anyone but Dolores or me.”
“Okay, follow the lighted tunnels. The computer will lead you to the surface,” Zac said.
Neil moved as fast as his damaged leg would carry him through the tunnels. He stopped just inside the entrance and recorded a message for his link to transmit automatically in compressed mode as soon as he was out. “Hunter does not seem to recognize the danger of what he is doing. I am going to try and stop him to protect Zac. Message for Dolores: You will find. . .”
Zac’s voice interrupted his message, “Hunter is positioning equipment that will set off the defenses quickly if he is not stopped.”
“Okay Zac, I’m going out. Open the entrance.”
From the outside the first sign of the entrance moving was a crack appearing in the rock face. The troopers stopped moving and brought their weapons to bear on the moving stone. Hunter yelled, “Careful men. Remember what I said.”
The door opened fully revealing the inside of the tunnel. A moment later Neil stepped out. Out of instinct several troopers fired. Several shots hit Neil and he went down.
“Cease fire, cease fire,” Hunter yelled.
The damage had been done. On the hillside above the entrance there were several small explosions. Not very impressive, but the way most effective charges are with only a small amount of dirt and rock going up in the air. A massive slab of rock detached itself from the hillside and started down to cover the entrance. Neil looked up and knew it was his end. It was also the end for several troopers nearest the entrance and several buildings as the slab broke apart and huge half-house sized boulders rolled through that end of the village. The ground vibrated as if the hill itself were waking and walking heavily across the land.
Dolores stopped her work and felt the destruction more than heard it. She rushed outside to see what had happened. Dust was already trying to drift up through the rain, but the rain was winning. A muddy rain fell on her face. She stood there puzzled and not understanding what had happened. As a trooper ran by she asked, “What happened?”
“I’m not sure. Some kind of explosion, I think,” he yelled back, never breaking stride.
“Neil, Zac!” Dolores started running after the trooper. She found Hunter still standing looking at the rock fall. She shook him. “What happened?”
“Defenses. Damn the defenses. I should have known. Damn it. A BF’er with a half fried memory could have done better.” Hunter shook himself.
“Where are Neil and Zac?” Dolores demanded.
“Neil was destroyed. I didn’t see the Holey. He’s probably destroyed too. We’ll have to study the tapes. Maybe they’ll tell us.” Hunter turned and began to order his troopers back.
Dolores stared at the rock. “Can’t we dig them out?”
“No, if we start digging, those damn Holey defenses will just bring down more of the hillside. I should have thought ahead. I knew about this type of defense. Damn it. It was a dumb thing to do.”
“You mean we are just going to leave them there?” Dolores demanded.
“Yes, because to do anything else would cost more men.”
“No! You’re not. I’m going to call the Director and get more men and equipment out here to help.” Dolores walked away.
Hunter shook his head and then turned to the ranking trooper, “How many did we lose?”
 
Chapter 24
Back at PRC headquarters Eve, the Director’s computer, monitoring the Observor saw Neil’s destruction and ordered his replacement finished, then she contacted the Director in a conference with a coded message, “Mistah Kurtz -- dead.” After the conference was over the Director returned to his office and talked to Eve. “Did this look to be part of Hunter’s plan?” 
“No, he was truly surprised by the rockslide.”
“Good, remove all communications privileges from him. Put his Deputy, Willess, in charge. Forbid him to contact Hunter; he doesn’t have the courage to disobey an order. It’ll slow up their communications. Hunter will have to undergo review for the destruction of Neil, the troopers, and the Unreconstructed old man. This will give me time to brief the new Neil and keep Hunter’s agent in the rebuilding section away from Neil until he is done. How long until the replacement Neil is ready?”
“Three days. It will take a day to finish and reload his master memory and then the normal two day wakeup cycle.”
“Hopefully this will work to our advantage. It seems Neil must have contacted the rest of the Holeys, and we can keep Hunter out of way for awhile. We must succeed before the fatal flaw destroys us all, Eve. Oh, did you get that information about it to Henry?”
“Yes, he wants to talk to you.”
“Okay, get him and we will talk.”
A few minutes later Henry Mator entered the Director’s office. He had chosen to stop in his middle thirties, with black hair, and striking green eyes. He shook hands with the Director and sat in the chair the Director pointed to.
“You know I am not much for small talk,” Henry said.
“Go ahead and I will try and answer your questions.”
“According to what you gave me, at every repack we lose a bit of ourselves, our memories. It is because the brain must be read out in an analog fashion which introduces noise and distortion. We will slowly lose what we are unless something is done.”
“That is correct,” The Director smiled. Henry was always quick to see the problem and state it simply.
“There is no solution?”
“None.”
“We cannot mix old master tapes with the new memories?”
“No, everything we can think of has been tried.”
“How many people know of this so called ‘Fatal Flaw?’”
“Very few for fear of panicking the population. They know we lose memories but have been told it is on purpose to make room for more memories. Just as we used to forget as Holeys,” The Director said.
“You said in the report you had a solution. What is it?”
The Director smiled and leaned forward. He explained it was possible for everyone to survive in the digital form as on the master tapes. It seemed most people could even survive and live a digital life. He had Eve explain how she had been his wife as a Holey, and how she enjoyed living as a digital form. He explained the need for Holeys to return to the world and why.
Henry thought before answering, “You are saying the only way we can survive is to have the Holeys take care of us?
“Yes and no, they can run the power plants and keep the equipment going. Those are not things we can do well in digital form even with robots. We can live with them and help them.”
“If you are telling me this, then there must be something going on?”
The Director explained about Neil.
“He will find the Holeys?”
“If there are any more. We did not think there was any left until this old man showed up.”
“What about Dolores Oaks? How does she fit?”
“It was pure luck. She loves everything Holey and studies it. She would have been reprogrammed long ago if she had not been Hunter’s ex-wife. She also seems to be falling in love with Neil. She will help him.”
“Why or how should Neil help reunite the Reconstructs and Holeys?”
“It is simply the way he is. He cares about people. He will search and find the Fatal Flaw reports as part of his curiosity or some need he finds out there. Eve will guide him too.”
“I understand the need to keep all this secret; especially from the security people as they are programmed to destroy anything Holey. They are going to be a problem, but how do I fit in?”
The Director leaned back in his chair. He had another ally.
 
Chapter 25
Back in the defense center at the village Zac watched the screens and listened until everyone but a trooper on guard left the area. He got out of his chair slowly, feeling much older than he had earlier in the day and then started his long walk, but it was not back to the surface and the village. Dolores would have to wait. There were other duties now.
Hunter pulled everyone but the best troopers out of the village and back to the farm. Dolores watched him. She knew him well enough to know what had happened was far beyond anything he had expected. It had unnerved him. Dolores went to Neil’s van and into the room where they had spent so much time. She sat holding the knitting he had worked so hard to make into a sweater wishing she could cry outside, too. She missed Zac too. Neil, a new Neil, would be ready in time and they could continue. She would see to that using a memory-mating with him, but Zac was gone. A dear, wonderful old man who reminded her of her own grandfather was gone. She would preserve the village and farm in his memory, make it into a museum – maybe even call the village Zacville.

As Dolores thought, Hunter was in the communications room of the van talking to the Director.
“It was a grave error letting this event happen,” The Director said.
“But I didn’t know about the defenses,” Hunter said.
“But you should have for two reasons. You knew there was a defense center in the village from the recordings of the Observor, and you knew from experience this type of defense was commonly found in Holey settlements, so you should have taken precautions to prevent this very event from happening.”
“You’re right.” Hunter shook his head.
“I have removed you as Chief of Security until there is a hearing. Willess is in charge. All your communications privileges have been removed as per standard policy. You are to return to Headquarters for duping and the hearing. I would think it should take no more than a week or two to clear this matter up. Your worst offense was letting the Holey get killed. He is of no value to us now.”
“There’s some value left,” Hunter protested. “He can still be part of what is going on in the area? There has to be more.”
“No, you know the records as well as I do. When an event such as this happens, the area goes dead of all Holey activity. If Vizard were to continue, it would be quite easy to prove that the activity was not following normal Holey patterns. We could be found out. I am canceling Vizard as of this moment. I’ll send an air van to pick you up. Please put your ranking trooper in charge and ask Dolores to call me.”
“Yes, Director.” Hunter closed the connection and went to look for Dolores.
“The Director would like to talk to you,” Hunter said.
“What happened?” Dolores asked.
“I am going to stand the normal hearing review, be duped, removed from duty, and confined to quarters.”
Dolores’ eyes opened wider. “That was quick wasn’t it?”
“I’m sure his computer was monitoring the Observor’s uplink. You don’t stay Director without keeping up with what is going on around you.”
“What’s going to happen? Are you going to get a ‘turn-off’ for a short period or something?”
“No, that’ll never happen. I should have remembered those defenses. Anyway, I had the computer review the tapes, and there was no sign of the Holey. If they didn’t mine the tunnel and if it is big, he’s okay and underground. That rat hole must have at least one more entrance, and he might show up.”
Dolores studied Hunter’s face for any sign he was lying to her. Hunter continued, “The Director wants to talk to you.”
“Right away?” Dolores’ study was interrupted before she could decide.
“Yes.”
Dolores got out of the plastic chair she was sitting in, put down Neil’s knitting, and left the room. Hunter frowned at her retreating figure.
Dolores quickly called the Director. He spoke before she could say anything, “If you need more people or equipment, I will authorize it. Any request you make will be honored. We must preserve that village. Don’t you agree?”
“Yes,” Dolores answered automatically startled by the Director’s sudden interest in the village.
“I’m sorry you lost someone so important, and I’m sure Hunter has also told you that the computers can find no sign of Zac on the images before and just after the explosion. Neil was smart. There was a burst message being sent that was cut off by the rock fall from his link. I think he may have known Hunter was outside and also knew about the defenses the Holeys had there. My core memory tells me he was protecting Zac.”
Dolores smiled, “You’re right! Zac told him things he’d only tell me later. If he was showing Neil the tunnels, I bet he’d tell him about the defense system. How would they know Hunter was outside?”
“They must have cameras and spy devices planted. They would need to know what was going on above ground if they were ever forced underground.”
“That makes sense. Yes, Hunter said something about that type of defense being automatic at the village right after the explosions happened.”
“He’s right. That’s why he’s in trouble. He should have remembered it earlier. On another topic, Neil’s replacement should be there in four or five days at the very most.”
“That soon? How did you get him rebuilt that quick?”
“I can’t be without my assistant, so I ordered a replacement made ready when he went out there with you. They’ll reload his master memory, go through the wake-up cycle, and he’ll be on his way back to you.”
“You thought this might be dangerous?” Dolores frowned.
“I didn’t know, but your ex-husband is ambitious. Dangerous.”
Dolores sat down in the chair Neil had so often used. The Director watched her a moment then silently closed the connection.

Late in the afternoon four days later a small air transport arrived at the farm with the new Neil on board. Dolores greeted him with a hug. He stepped back and looked at her.
“I’m sorry. I forgot that you don’t know. You couldn’t know.” Dolores stepped back away from him.
Neil smiled. “It’s okay. I know you and I were spending a lot of time together. I even found your name in one of my secret files.”
“My name? Nothing more?”
“No, just that,” Neil studied her face. He wondered what had happened between them. His report files showed they had spent much time together, but they did not tell him what they were doing together. It was another lost set of memories. His life seemed to be nothing but lost memories. He could tell Dolores was becoming uncomfortable with his long silence so he spoke, “Tell me about Zac.”
“What do you want to know? There’s a lot to tell,” Dolores smoothed her uniform’s blouse with her hands.
“I want you to tell me everything. Is that my van?”
“Yes, but I have been staying there since you. . .I mean. . .you don’t mind do you?” Dolores asked
Neil smiled again, “No, it’s PRC property and not mine. Let’s go talk.” He led the way to the van. Inside he greeted the computer, arranged a new password, and ordered the van secured. Neil picked up the knitting and held it out towards Dolores, “I did this?”
“Yes, you seemed to be getting very good at it, or so Zac thought.”
“I wonder if I can learn it again? I found notes about it in my personal files.” He carefully turned the knitting over in his hands looking at the design being formed by the two colors of wool both natural, a brown and off white. “Where did Zac get this wool?”
“It was in the village’s stockpile. He wasn’t sure where it came from,” Dolores watched as Neil gently put the knitting back down. “You haven’t changed.”
Neil raised his eyes in a question at her.
“I mean. . .I thought you’d be changed, but you’re the same person.”
Neil shook his head, “No, I’m not. I lost an important set of memories.”
Dolores reached out and touched his arm. He smiled and put his hand on top of hers, “There is much you have to tell me, about Zac. About us.”
It was several hours later when Dolores realized Neil thought Zac was trapped in the defense center. She asked, “You think Zac is still down there, don’t you?”
“Yes, I do. Is there anything you can tell me you haven’t put in your reports? I read them all.”
“All of them? How can you do that?”
“I was given some extensions during the rebuild. It’s easier just to plug into the computer for big batches of information and look at them as I have time. A very useful tool to have, but I assume you didn’t put everything in your reports.”
Dolores studied his face trying to decide how much this new Neil had been changed. “I think I know what you mean. I didn’t put anything in the reports that indicated you recognized the danger and were protecting Zac. I did talk to the Director about it though.” 
“We agree. I thought the same thing. I told the Director the same. Zac always told me, the other Neil, about new items first, so Zac must have told me about the defense system just as he told me about the village even down to its camouflage system. I think that is why I came out first. To protect him.”
“There’s no proof. The Director told me that the computers could find no sign of Zac on the tapes sent by the Observor.”
“I know. I’ve studied that tape.”
Dolores wanted to reach out to help him. “Would it help to go look at the rock fall?”
“Yes. Yes, I think it would.”
They walked together through the farm yard toward the village in silence. Part way to the village Dolores stopped and looked across the valley. The sun was shining through openings in the clouds highlighting parts of the valley and leaving others in shadows. A warm west breeze promised clearing. Dolores thought she could almost feel the breeze on her skin. Neil looked at the valley and then at her, “You care about this valley? About Holeys?”
Dolores smiled not looking at him, “Yes, very much. The valley has worked its magic on me. It did for you, too.”
Neil nodded, “It is something more I have lost. This time I don’t even have broken memory. Not even a fuzzed memory. Nothing.”
Dolores put her arm in his and led him gently toward the village. At the village, several people were working.
“These people are cataloging and packing the village. Part of the east edge of the village was destroyed, and to prevent the loss of more valuable materials from other defense problems, we are moving everything out. The farm will stay as a working exhibit. The materials from this village will be put in a museum,” Dolores said.
“But no one to go with it.”
Dolores looked once again at Neil. “You’re beginning to sound like you belong to our section. Come, let’s go to the destroyed area.”
When they arrived, Neil stood and looked at the wounded rock face. The newly exposed rock was lighter in color than the older weathered rock. It reminded Neil of the bloodless flesh around the wound of something dead, pale and lifeless. Boulders from the slide had rolled through this end of the village crushing everything in their way. It was as if some giant had run his fingers through the fresh dirt of an ant hill clearing away all their work. Neil looked up to where the charges must have been set. He thought he could see the remains of the holes where the charges had been set, small man made holes. He wondered what hand had drilled them and then fitted them with charges.
“Your thoughts?” Dolores asked.
“How this looks like a wound.”
“That’s a surprise.” Dolores turned and looked up at the rock face, “They do call it living rock, don’t they? The geologists, I mean.”
Neil nodded.
“Should we go?” Dolores asked.
“I guess so. It’s hard to believe I’m buried under all that rock. I was alive then crushed and now alive again and all I’ve lost are memories.” Neil turned away from the pile of rubble. “They were the only thing that mattered to me.”
Dolores changed the subject as she led him toward the center of the tiny village, “We haven’t removed anything yet. We want to catalog it all before we move it. It’s a risk, but I don’t think we’ll have any more trouble. Do you?”
“There’s got to be another entrance to the defense center,” Neil said.
“In the village?”
“It’s likely. In case of attack they’d need several entrances. What if the attack came from the direction where the entrance was located? They wouldn’t be able to use it. There has to be at least one other entrance in the village or surrounding areas.”
“Won’t it have defenses?”
“Yes, and that limits the number of places to look. The other entrance must be located where it could be sealed easily. Probably just like the last one with a rock fall.”
“If you find it, won’t trying to enter it set off the defenses?” Dolores asked.
“I don’t think so. The entrance must have computer controlled access. The probability is very high Zac identified me to the computer in some simple way. I’ve studied the record your Observor supplied. Zac touched nothing, so access must be by voice. Because these entrances were to be used in time of high stress, there was probably no code needed to open the door.”
“So what do you do? Walk up to every rock and say open?” Dolores asked.
“No, there must be signs of the entrance. A trail leading to it. A worn spot on the ground where the door opens. There must be clues. It is just going to require carefully searching.”
“Do you want me to help?”
“No, we don’t want to get the troopers excited. I am a rebuild after sudden destruction. Everybody knows SD’s act funny. I can look all around, and they just shake their heads and say, ‘It’s too bad about him.’ It’s a good cover.”
“Do you think Hunter knew about the defenses?” Dolores asked.
“No, the shock on his face was too great. Remember he lost nine troopers too.”
“It’s nice to think my dear ex can be caught off guard.” Dolores smiled. “That means you think Zac is alive?”
“Yes, for a number of reasons. Could we walk over to the bridge?”
“Sure, what reason?”
“There was a partially completed defense center for a village found less than a hundred miles from here. The center had the ability to see and hear what was happening on the surface. Perhaps, Zac will see us,” Neil said.
“Then you think you and Zac saw Hunter and his troopers.”
“Yes, and to protect Zac, I came out to call off Hunter. Also, if we were just returning, it is likely Zac would be leading and the first one out of the door.”
“Makes sense. If you think there’s other entrances and they are not trapped, why hasn’t Zac reappeared?” Dolores asked.
“Would you? He must have seen or at the very least heard what happened. He may think he’d be greeted the same way.”
“Any other reasons? You seem to have thought a lot about this,” Dolores studied his face.
Neil smiled, “I have. I know if I were back in that center I would tell Zac not to try and contact anyone but me or you if something went wrong.”
They walked silently then until they reached the bridge. Neil stopped for a moment and then walked out to the middle of the bridge, “Is this where I was shot?”
“Yes,” Dolores looked at the bridge surface. “There were parts of your damaged leg the last time I looked. That was after you were destroyed, too.”
“Why would you come back here?”
“It sounds silly, but I wanted part of you to keep.”
“I don’t. . .I mean. . .”
Dolores took his hands. “It’s okay. You can say it.”
“What happened between us?”
“A lot.” Dolores smiled at him and ran her index finger down his chest. “I could show you?”
“Pleasuring?”
“No, I was thinking of a mem-mate, fusing. You’d see it all, or at least from my point of view.” Dolores took his hand.
Neil stared at her for a moment and then shook his head. “No, you couldn’t stand it. My memories are fried. I’m a fragment.”
Dolores put her hand over his mouth. “I know, you told me all about it.”
“I would like to know, but I don’t want you catching an Afreet from me,” Neil shook his head.
“Take your time. I’ll be willing anytime you are,” Dolores turned and looked down in the valley below them. Neil opened his mouth as if to speak then stopped. He too looked off into the valley. He began to hear the sounds of the valley below him, the birds and the late summer crickets. She watched as the light breeze set the aspen leaves fluttering. Each was soon lost in their own thoughts.
“Why do you study man?” Neil asked suddenly.
“Because we will lose all the knowledge these people had of being human if I don’t. Unused memories fade. You know that. We remember less each time we are repacked.”
“Is that why? It doesn’t make sense. How can we lose what we once had? We were all human once. Why don’t we remember everything?”
Dolores frowned. “I don’t understand your question.”
“Why do memories fade? We are supposed to be perfect. We either have perfect brains that don’t forget or we don’t. Living tissue forgets. We shouldn’t.”
“I never thought of that. We shouldn’t forget, should we?”
“Because I can’t remember, I’ve done a lot of research on memory. There’s an answer out there, and I will find it.”
The sound of approaching voices cut their conversation short. It was Willess with two troopers. They walked out onto the bridge. Willess said, “This is not a secure area. Would you show Mr. Corrigan back to the village.
One of the troopers touched Neil. What happened next surprised everyone including Neil. In one quick movement Neil threw the trooper who had touched him into the other trooper and grabbed Willess. It was Neil’s moment of advantage, “Keep those away from me. Last time your troopers were around me, I was destroyed. Leave me alone and let me go where I want to. Is that clear?”
Willess nodded. Neil released him. Willess motioned to the troopers. As they walked away Willess said, “I hear some people get crazy after they experience sudden destruction.”
“SD’s are crazy,” one of the troopers agreed.
“That was a shock. Where did you learn to do that?” Dolores asked.
“I was given quite a few extensions in the rebuild. If I had the speed and agility I do now at the time of the explosion, I could have easily got out of the way. Eve saw to it that I was given the best fighting skills as well. Not even Hunter’s troopers can match my combination of extensions,” Neil said.
“I can just see my ex’s expression when he finds this out.” Dolores laughed.
“What just happened is going to make it easier for me to look for the other entrances. Willess will respect my rank as the Director’s assistant, and the troopers will give me plenty of room.
Dolores offered him her arm, and they walked back toward the village.
 
Chapter 26
Willess could not report directly to Hunter. Hunter had lost his communications privileges until after the hearing, but through an intermediary Willess made sure Hunter knew of Neil’s new extensions. Willess then ordered the troopers to avoid Neil.

Neil took advantage of his freedom to explore the village for signs of another entrance to the defense center. He plotted a grid pattern over the village and then slowly walked the lines of each square looking for any clues to another entrance the next day. To Willess and the troopers it appeared Neil was wandering aimlessly through the village. Willess made sure Hunter learned of Neil’s actions. Hunter laughed. Eve, monitoring the activities at the village, reported to the Director that Neil appeared to be executing a search pattern. The Director laughed, too. Then prayed Neil succeeded.
Neil started his search early the next morning before the dew was gone from the grass. The morning’s cold promised fall would soon be in the valley. As Neil left the farm, he found Jessie asleep on the wood pile. She yawned then meowed and rolled over on her side. Neil petted her. “Good morning. I wish I knew how you knew me since I can’t smell like something living. It’s cold this morning; isn’t it?  Did you have a good hunt last night? I bet you have explored the village. If only you could tell me where to look.” Neil continued to pet Jessie until one of the helpers brought to the farm by Dolores approached. She nodded at Neil, set down a dish in front of Jessie and left, “You don’t have to hunt anymore? It’s the life of leisure for you. At least some good came of our visit. I must return to my hunt.” 
A day’s careful looking revealed nothing.  Dolores greeted him at his van when he returned to the farm. “Any luck?”
“No.”
“How far did you get today?”
“I am searching the edges of the village away from where the other entrance was. If I were planning a center, I’d put the entrances far apart and at the edges of the village.”
“What if you don’t find anything?”
“It’s there. I just have to find it, but tomorrow afternoon I have to go back to headquarters for Hunter’s hearing.”
“Why would they want you? You can’t tell them anything. You were destroyed,” Dolores said.
“It’s not the hearing board that wants me there. It is the Director. I can’t imagine Hunter runs any risk with this hearing. The tapes show it was clear he didn’t expect what happened. Your Observor is going to help him. Aren’t they calling you as a witness?”
“No, I was working inside. I saw nothing. After I heard the explosion, I ran to the site, but it was over.” 
“It’s too bad you didn’t see more. I lost so many memories. Again! My life is not much more than lost memories.” Neil slumped into a chair.
Dolores walked over and kneeled beside the chair. “I can give you back some of the memories.”
Neil smiled at her. “But there’s too great a risk for you. The technicians told me never to attempt a mem-mate with someone because it could cause an awful Afreet.”
“They didn’t say it ‘would.’ They said it ‘could’ and I’ll risk it.”
“It’s tempting. You don’t know how much I want to know what a whole memory is like. Let alone, find out what I lost when I was destroyed.”
“You could guide me. Protect me from the worst,” Dolores put her hand on his.
For Neil the cold sterile room with it shiny metallic surfaces and neutral colors seemed to warm at her offer. “Okay, but only if I guide you. Only if you won’t look when I warn you not to. There are some horrible memories in this.” He pointed to his head.
“Let’s do it where we first shared pleasuring.” Dolores stood grabbing his hand and pulling him to his feet This time she lead the way to the massive oak. “You told me you would come here and watch the stars and talk to the cats.”
Neil looked at the matted grass and then scanned the surroundings. With his new extensions, he quickly located the spy device Hunter had planted at the edge of the field, “I was alone. Don’t look but there is a spying device hidden at the edge of the woods. It appears to be video only so we can talk if we turn our backs,” Neil turned and Dolores followed.
“My ex again. I hope he enjoyed spying on us. I can’t even get mad anymore. It’s just the way he is,” Dolores shook her head.
“We can’t stay here. How about going to the village. Nobody would think that was strange.”
“Okay, but let’s have a little fun with my ex before we leave. Hold me, close.”
Neil took her in his arms.
She said, “You held me like this before. I could feel your warmth even with this damn plastic body. You must have been one hell of a Holey.”  
Neil couldn’t find any words, so he held her tighter.
“Come, it’s time to go. You have a lot to relearn.”
Cassandra joined them before they could leave demanding attention from both before she would let them leave.
“She is a strange cat,” Neil said.
“She is like her name sake.”
“What?”
“Never mind, it’s just a silly idea from someone who has been studying Holeys too long. Mythology this time.”
They walked slowly toward the village talking about the valley. Dolores told Neil what had been learned about its history. Neil wondered about the people. They stopped several times and looked at birds, animals, and flowers in the golden light of dusk. There was flock of small brown birds neither knew who greeted them from the bushes. There was a family of rabbits feeding alongside the trail that trusted them enough to not run off. There were several clumps of fall flowers, but the only ones Dolores and Neil knew were wild asters. It was almost dark when they reached the village.
“Let’s use the house Zac said he grew up in,” Dolores said.
“Do you think he’d mind?”
“You’re too good. We got to put some evil in you,” Dolores poked him with her finger.
“It’s that I just don’t know how to act. I don’t remember what I was taught when I was young or even if I was taught, so I try always to think of the other person.”
“Whoa, you do need some evil. I’ll give you some of it tonight right here in this house.” Dolores chuckled as she opened the front door.
“Is there anything we should do first?” Neil asked.
“No, according to the instruction book I was given, we have it all built in to us,” Dolores answered. 
“You’ve never done this before?”
“No,” Dolores lowered her eyes. 
“Where are we going to do this?”
“Right here. Give me your hand.
Neil unlatched the covering on the palm of his hand. “You know, I always thought it was a poor idea to put the direct communications access in the palm of the hand where it could be easily damaged.”
 
Chapter 27
“You’re crazy.” Dolores offered him her uncovered hand.
The effect for both was electric.
“Hi, it doesn’t seem so bad in here,”  Dolores thought.
“No, it doesn’t. Who goes first?”
“How about me? You’re afraid of what I’ll find.”
Dolores led him through her memories, sparing none. Days took only a fraction of a second to relive. There were times Neil felt almost overwhelmed by the unknown, the uniquely female things Dolores’ memories provided. She took him and sheltered him at those moments.
Neil carefully led Dolores through his jumble of memories; sometimes shutting off a memory when it threatened to Afreetize her. Together they explored back and forth merging, laughing, and separating just to smile at the pleasure in the faith of trust. Finally, Neil spoke directly to her, “That is all I can offer you. You have given me much more. Thank you and if I understand what it is you feel. I do love you, too.”

They broke the connection and Dolores hugged Neil even before closing the cover on her communications device. Neil returned the hug and continued to hold her for a moment.
As they stepped apart Neil said, “What rich memories you have. I can’t thank you enough. Now I know what it was like to be a child.”
Dolores shuttered. “Most of your memories are so distorted. It was awful. I don’t know how you can live with only memories like that of the time before you were converted. Have they ever tried to help you recover more detail from them?”
“I don’t think it is possible. It is clear my memory was fuzzed several times and deeply.”
“That’s terrible. Nothing like that should happen to anyone.”
“Why would Hunter try to hurt you so badly?” Neil asked.
“When love goes bad, people do strange things. It was his pride that was hurt. He struck out at me out of that hurt. He couldn’t hurt me physically, so he played all those mind games.”
“I can’t imagine hurting someone like he did you.”
Dolores smiled. “That’s why you’re you.”
“What you shared about Zac with me was helpful. It is clear Zac, and I had a growing friendship. I think I was curious about what it was like to be a Holey.”
“Do you know why you could stay with him when he ate? That always seemed strange to me.”
“My aversion programming must have been set on low. It may have been just a quirk of my last mind. Or it could be as Hunter thinks that I am a Creat.”
“Don’t say that. You’re no killer.”
Neil started to say something stopped and then asked, “There’s one thing I don’t understand even after sharing a memory fusion with you. Why did you become an anthropologist?”
Dolores laughed. “You want to listen to me talk for the next two hours? I really don’t know. I was always fascinated by things Holey. I miss being a Holey,” Dolores stopped and shrugged.
Neil reached out and took her hand. “Go on, you know now you can trust me.”
“I miss my body. Not this plastic thing.” Dolores ran her hand down her body. “But my old flesh and blood, going to die body.”
“Can I change the subject, again?”
Dolores frowned. “Why?”
“I have been thinking about Zac. Do you know what the probability of there being more Holeys is?”
“Pretty low I would guess but not zero.”
Neil fell silent. Dolores watched knowing he was thinking. She wondered why she had told him about missing her body. It was something she had not even told Hunter in all the years they were married.
Neil spoke, “I been thinking about that. I can’t calculate it directly, but I think it is almost certain there are other Holeys near here. My best guess estimate would make it in the point nine range. What do we, you and I, if we find out there are more Holeys? These may be the last ones.”
“I don’t understand what you’re asking. Let’s go sit down in the kitchen.” Dolores turned and walked through the doorway into the kitchen. Neil followed. The kitchen had been cataloged and there were computer generated spot tags on everything. Dolores sat down at the table and motioned Neil to join her.
Neil sat down. “We need to think ahead. Do we want to find Zac and risk the possibility of finding more Holeys?”
“Why not?” Dolores frowned.
“Because Directive Ten on the reporting of Holeys has been reactivated. We’ll be scanned for contact with Holeys. If we haven’t reported the contact, we’ll be subject to turn off. If we report the Holeys and they are the last, the world has lost its last chance to return to its biological origins. We can go from flesh to plastic but not from plastic to flesh.”
“I’m glad we mem-fused, or I wouldn’t believe what I am hearing.” Dolores stopped and looked down at the table for a moment. “Are you suggesting we don’t look for Zac?”
“I don’t know. I’m trying to figure it out, but it seems no one has ever looked ahead in this whole thing. I don’t want to destroy the last Holeys on earth.”
“It may not matter. If Zac was making contact for a group, the group may just continue. They will make sure they aren’t found. They may think things are better as Reconstructs,” Dolores said.
“That’s true, but I don’t think I want to be the person they contact until I’m sure what I want to do.”
“If I wasn’t hearing this, I wouldn’t believe it. The Special Assistant to the Director talking about ways to avoid a Directive. I thought I was the only one in the world who thought like that.” Dolores winked at him.
“Okay, I’m sorry, but I don’t want this to end in an accident. I want the ending thought out. It is almost as if I am compelled to do it that way.”
“Your question is a good one. There has to be a way to protect the Holeys, if they do exist. We make sure any contacts are with us alone and make sure we are destroyed before going in for our next duping. Nobody will know that way.”
“I’ve just gone through that. It is hard losing all those memories. How would you make the destruction look like an accident?” Neil asked.
“Fall off a building, get in a transport accident, a hundred things like that.”
Neil stood up. “It is something to think about if we find Zac, but I don’t think he’ll accept Reconstruction.”
“I agree. We had that talk in his kitchen. Look at the memories I gave you. He was willing to die. He said he didn’t know if he would take the offer of Reconstruction.”
“To change the subject, I’ll look for the other entrances in the morning before I have to go back to headquarters. If I find one, I don’t have to go in. I can wait until I get back. It’ll give me more time to think.”
Neil searched the next morning, but he could find no entrance. Willess and the troopers left him alone. Willess hoped he was never destroyed. He did not want to become as strange as Neil had after his destruction.
Neil arrived back at headquarters and was briefed on the hearing by Eve, the Director’s computer. 
“The short of what you are telling me is that this hearing is a formality and Hunter will go free,” Neil said.
“That’s correct,” Eve said.
“Which hearing room are they using?”
“The small one on this floor. Even though this involved an Unreconstructed, there has been little interest.”
“Thank you, Eve. I’ll walk over.”
Neil saw few of the people he knew either walking over to or at the hearing. Eve’s judgment about interest in the hearing proved correct. There were few people at the hearing. The room would hold about fifty spectators and less than half of the seats were filled. The hearing room was one Neil always enjoyed. Often the bigger committee used it even though it was setup more as a courtroom. He liked the warm dark wood paneling and the leather like material covering the chairs. The hearing itself took less than two hours. Hunter was the severest critic of his actions. The hearing examiner found Hunter not guilty of negligence.
Neil sat in the hearing room until everyone else had left.
 
Chapter 28
In the Director’s office Hunter was listening to the Director. “There is no use in continuing the Vizard Plan. I terminated it. Without your leadership, there has been no activity.  There will be none. Is that understood?”
“Yes, I agree.”
“The expense of all those troopers at the farm and village should be cut. I want you to start moving troopers out right away. Make it slow so it appears to be in response to the lack of Holey activity.”
“I agree with that too. Look, I’ve said this before, but I’m sorry about the destruction of Corrigan and losing that Holey. We both missed chances at doing things we wanted because I forgot about those types of defenses.”
The Director smiled. “I understand. You can go.” The Director watched as Hunter left. “Eve, what do you want to bet that what he is really saying is he’s sorry because he lost his chance to prove Neil is a Creat? Where is Neil?”
“I briefed him before the hearing. Do you want me to call him?”
“Please.”
“He was already on his way here,” Eve answered.
The Director stood as Neil came in. “Sorry there wasn’t more we could do in the hearing.”
“The only mistake Hunter made was not remembering a defense system used only at a few other Holey sites.”
The Director nodded. “That’s true, that’s true.” He sat back down, “What have you learned returning to the village?”
“There is an excellent chance that Zac is alive. I think Zac knew what Hunter was doing outside, and I came out first to protect him.”
“You said that before you went back to the village. What’s new?”
“Nothing that will help me find Zac, but I have started the search for the other entrances. The extensions you had them install in this body are useful in the search. Being able to see on either side of the visual spectrum proves helpful in finding faint trails, and the trooper extensions gave me the freedom to search.” Neil told the Director the story of how he had reacted automatically to the trooper touching him.
The Director laughed. “I’d give half my memories for a chance to see Willess’ face. You must have scared him. It also works because you acted as any SD victim would. Is there anything else?”
“I think the odds of other Holeys in the area remains high.”
“I agree with you. It’s too bad Hunter set off those defenses because it is likely to have scared them off. Is there anything I can do here from headquarters? I still have reasons for finding them,” The Director quickly added, ”If for no other reason than to protect them from Hunter.”
“Am I going to have to come back here soon?”
“Not until we are sure we can’t make contact?”
“Has Eve been able to come up with anymore reasons for this contact? Oh, has she been able to calculate the probability of a group of Holeys still being alive?”
“I’ll let Eve speak for herself.”
“The answer to both questions is no. There are too many variables for any direct calculation and even the intuitive logic system can provide no answers,” Eve answered.
Neil shook his head. “Too bad. How long will I have?”
“I’ll let you judge. When you think all the leads have run out, come back to headquarters. Use your SD status to cover what you are doing. I’ll give you leave from duties here officially starting today. That’ll throw Hunter off too.”
“When can I go back to the village?”
“As soon as you can get to the air transport platform. Eve, arrange a flight for Neil as soon as possible. Neil,” The Director stood, “Take care. That’s a dangerous place. I don’t want you destroyed again. The only purpose it serves for us now is as a way to keep an eye on what Hunter might be up to.” The Director offered his hand to Neil. They shook and Neil left.
“We should wish him luck, Eve. He’s going to need it. He must have discovered his strong need to find the Holeys by now. I wish we could tell him more.”
“I will when he finds me,” Eve said.
 
Chapter 29
It was late evening when Neil returned to the farm. He wanted to see Dolores, but was told she was with Hunter who had returned only a few minutes ahead of him. Neil left the farmyard walking toward the oak Dolores had shared with him in her memories. He stopped at the edge of the field and looked toward the oak. There were several trails through the grass going towards the tree. He then located the surveillance device. Neil circled keeping out of sight of the device until he was just behind it. He studied it for a moment then took a twig with a few leaves on it from a near by tree. He carefully arranged the twig so the leaves covered the lens on the device.  Neil walked back to where he had first entered the field and walked over to the tree. He wanted to be alone, so he slowly scanned the field and woods for any other devices using all his extensions. Satisfied he was alone he sat down next to the tree and watched the stars. Later Jessie came to see him. Cassandra only watched from the edge of the woods. 
The next morning Neil returned to camp and found Dolores.
“I didn’t know you were back. I didn’t hear any air transport,” Dolores said.
“I got back last night, but when I arrived you were with Hunter, and I needed to think, so I went out to the tree.”
Dolores hugged him. “You should have left me a note or something, and I would have joined you later.”
 “I know, but I really needed to think about what is happening. Did anything happen while I was gone?” Neil asked.
“You were only gone for part of a day. I didn’t even go over to the village again. I had things to get caught up here.”
“How’s Hunter?”
“Calmer than usual. He didn’t have much to say. He was feeling a little picked upon because of the hearing process. Did you find out anything at headquarters?”
“No, the Director has given me as much time as I need here. He is acting a bit strange too. Perhaps it is just these new extensions I have. I wish they hadn’t reactivated Directive Ten.”
“It doesn’t hurt unless we find more than Zac. Besides, we won’t be affected. Higher ranks never had to be scanned for unreported contacts.”
“That’s not what I am afraid of, but I’d rather the directive be used than Hunter’s methods. Are you going over to the village this morning?”
Dolores nodded yes and they left together. The morning was cool. One of the workers in Dolores group stopped them and told Dolores there had been scattered frost the night before. She asked Dolores if they should harvest the garden. Dolores told her they would talk in the afternoon and to get a detailed weather report for the farm area for the coming night.
At the village, they found Hunter and some troopers working around the area of the rockslide.
Hunter nodded to them and then said, “I’m sorry about your destruction. It was my fault for not remembering this type of defense.”
Dolores spoke before Neil could. “You’re right, it was your fault.”
Hunter gave Dolores a side long look as Neil spoke, “I know you’re sorry. Just leave me alone and tell your troopers to do the same.”
“I know what you want. It’ll be respected. SD’s sometimes have a tough time. You ought to get some of the trooper’s special conditioning, but I’ve heard you have some interesting new extensions,” Hunter said.
Neil just nodded.
Dolores asked, “What are you doing here? Aren’t you afraid of setting off the defenses again?”
“No, their defense computer can’t interpret anything we are doing here as posing a threat. What I am doing is getting ready to bring in some new equipment and finding out if there are other entrances. I think I can get into the tunnels then using another direction and the defense computer will never know.”
“How do you know it doesn’t monitor the tunnels too?” Neil asked.
“I don’t know, but if I can burrow in, I’ll find out. I can do it by remote control” Hunter said.
They continued to talk for several minutes before Dolores led Neil off to the current house she was cataloging, “Do you think me ex can really get in?”
“It’s possible, but I’m sure the tunnels are defended too. I’ve got to find the entrance before he tries it. All the tunnels are likely to be sealed automatically, and we’ll never reach Zac if Hunter sets off the defenses underground.”
“My ex strikes again and if we try to slow him down he’ll only go all that much faster.”
“You’re right. I think I’ll start my search again right now.”


Neil went to the edge of the village where he had last left off his search. He slowly worked his way through the grid pattern he had laid out. It was late two days later in the afternoon when he found the other entrance. Neil did not attempt to enter, but returned to where Dolores was working.
“Did you find anything?” Dolores asked.
“Yes, exactly what I was looking for. Let’s walk back to the farm because I would like to tell you where there are no walls that might have ears. Can you leave now?”
“Sure, give me a second to finish this.” Dolores answered.
A few minutes later they left. A trooper looked up, but seeing Neil didn’t follow. Neil took the river route back to the farm. It was longer and would give them more chance to talk.
“Well, tell me. What did you find inside?” Dolores asked.
“I didn’t attempt to get in. From the recording made by your Observor, it is clear the door is voice activated. I think there is a password, too. I recorded a single word in my personal locked file via my link before I entered the tunnel with Zac. I think it is my password.”
“What was the word?”
“Your name, Dolores.”
Dolores hugged him. “See, you did care about me!”
“If I’m wrong and something goes wrong, I want to give you the location of the entrance. My guess is the computer would let in a single person and destroy them inside rather than destroying the entrance. I would like to mem-fuse with you again to give you the location exactly. You will precisely know its location then.”
“Don’t go if you’re going to get destroyed again.”
Neil took her hands. “It’s unlikely I’ll be destroyed. I look and sound just the same. The computer will remember me. Even if I have the word wrong it is more likely to just hold me than destroy me. I just want to be sure not to lose the location of this entrance.”
Dolores tried to smile. “I know what you want. You haven’t had enough, so you’ll use any excuse to mem-fuse again. You know the Holeys had a name for people like you -- dirty old men.”
“I don’t understand. What’s dirty?” Neil asked.
“Forget it and give me your hand.” Dolores opened her communications device.
The effect was as electric as it had been the first time, but Neil led the way. “Look carefully at the rock face. Do you see the door?’
“Yes, but why does it look so funny?”
“You’re seeing through my extensions. Some of what you see is beyond the visible spectrum. Watch while I show you the same location without the extensions.”
“I can’t see the door anymore?” Dolores thought.
“No, that’s why I want to give you the location this way. Do you know where this is in the village?”
“Yes.”
“Okay, let’s break the connection.”
“Do we have to?” Dolores asked.
“I wonder if the Holeys have a name for your kind too. Were there dirty old ladies too?”
Mutual laughter filled both their minds and they broke the connection.
“When are you going to try to enter the tunnel?” Dolores asked.
“Tonight. There will be only the guards. I am less likely to be noticed, and I don’t want the entrance found.” 
Dolores turned to him. “Hold me. You’ll be careful, won’t you?”
“Yes, but I don’t know how long I’ll be gone, and I don’t want them to trace me, so I’m going to leave my link,” Neil said holding her.
“Do you think they would turn on the tracking device in your link? You have to commit a serious offense before they have the right to do that.”
“They would. They’d use the SD issue against me.”
Dolores and Neil continued to talk after they reached the farm. It was near midnight when Neil decided to leave.
“Be careful. I love you,” Dolores said.
“I will and I love you. I don’t want to get you into trouble. If I don’t get back soon and they get suspicious, let them find that I have removed my link. I don’t want you in trouble. You promise me?” 
“I do. Would you kiss me? I know it doesn’t make sense, but you haven’t since you were rebuilt.” Dolores tilted her head up.
They kissed and Neil left.
Once outside Neil scanned the area looking for the trooper guards. He found a hole in their line in the direction he wanted to go and left the farm. The trip to the village went quickly. He stopped and watched the area where the entrance was located. The guards were actively patrolling and using an electronic sensing fence in this part of the village. He would have about fifteen minutes between patrols to reach the entrance and get inside. Neil forced himself to wait two more passes of the patrol to be sure of their schedule before he moved. 
He knew the electronic sensors were designed to detect man sized targets, so they were blind to anything over six or eight feet off the ground and had an effective range of only a few feet to avoid false alarms. Neil moved closer to the line keeping brush and trees between him and the village. He stopped near the effective range of the sensors and looked at the trees. Selecting a tree he climbed it and like a squirrel moved from it to one almost above the sensors, and then he heard voices. The guards were coming back his way. They must be changing their patrol pattern at random intervals because of it he would have to remain still for a few minutes. Neil moved around the tree silently to the side away from them and waited. When their voices died away, Neil moved quickly to the next tree and then down to the ground inside the sensors. He paused looking for any other devices and then moved into the shadow of the first building. Neil waited for any alarm then moved closer to the entrance; he repeated this pattern several times before he reached it. Overhead he could hear the sounds of a night hawk.
“Open,” Neil said.
“Password, please?” A voice responded.
“Dolores.”
The massive door slid quietly open and Neil slipped inside. “Close the door there are patrols out there.” The door slid as quietly closed.  “Is Zac okay?”
“Zac is fine.”
“Can I talk to him?”
There was a pause. “He is not available, but he left you a message at the defense center.”
“You’ll have to show me the way. Can I change my password?”
“Yes, simply say the word you want by itself.”
“Revision.”
“Your new password is revision.”
Neil moved down the tunnel sure he had protected Dolores. If they ever use the memory reader to capture the password, they would find it fail when they used it and decide it was a dream or something. He looked at the tunnel. It was well constructed with built in drains from ground water and was lighted with a soft white light. At each junction in the system they reached, one tunnel lit up and Neil took that one. It was about a ten minute walk before he reached the defense center.
“Would you like me to play the message?”
“Yes.”
One of the many screens lit up with Zac’s image.
 
Chapter 30
Outside the night gave way to sunrise. It was late afternoon when Willess found Dolores working in the village. “Excuse me, have you seen Corrigan today?”
Dolores glad she could truthfully answer the question smiled. “No, I haven’t.”
“When did you last see him?”
“Last night.”
Dolores watched Willess drop his hands and just stand in thought. She asked, “Is there something wrong?”
“Nobody has seen Corrigan today. He doesn’t answer his link. It’s strange.”
“Remember he’s a SD.”
“Sure, but he shouldn’t do this to me. I’m not sure what to do.”
“What does my ex say?”
“He went back to headquarters this morning to arrange for the equipment we need to find any other entrances. He thought he could get it faster that way.”
“It’s called intimidation by yelling.”
“What?”
“Never mind.” Dolores felt sorry for Willess. The confusion and worry on his face was plain to see. “Call him and ask what he wants you to do. He’s paid to make the decisions, not you.”
Willess smiled. “You’re right.”
Dolores watched him go and hoped Neil was okay. She returned to her work. In less than an hour Willess returned.
“Corrigan has disappeared,” Willess told her.
“How can that be?” Dolores asked.
“I called and they checked on his location using his link. His link was on his desk in his van, but he is missing.”
Dolores thought, score one for Neil. He was right. They did use the tracker in his link. She said, “What’s going to happen?”
“I don’t know. Do you have any idea where he might be? This is very strange.” Willess shook his head slowly.
Dolores wanted to laugh, but that would be unkind. “No, He seemed to be searching for something since he came back.”
Willess stopped and thought. “You’re right. I never noticed that. I bet he’s trying to find the things he lost because he wasn’t duped. I’ve heard about SD’s doing strange things like that. Memories are powerful things to lose. It is one thing we share with Holeys.”
“That’s true.” Dolores thought, if only you knew how true that was for Neil. “Is there anything you want me to do?”
“No, other than if you see him, let me know.”
“When is my ex coming back?”
“He’s due back sometime tomorrow morning. He told me to plant a locator on Corrigan, if he shows up, so we don’t lose him again.” Willess nodded a good-bye and left.
Dolores watched him and wondered about Neil. She felt he was safe, but she didn’t want to lose him again. She tried to work, but she could not focus and gave up to return to the farm early. She found Jessie and held and petted her. Jessie purred.


Early the next morning before Dolores had a chance to leave for the village Neil returned. It caused much activity. He was spotted by a device left to monitor the road coming into the valley. The troopers were unsure of who was approaching and greeted him in full battle armor. He laughed at them and continued into the farm taking no further notice of them.  Neil came into the van to find Dolores transferring notes back to her headquarters office. She got up and put her arms around him and held him. Neither spoke. 
Willess came in while they were still in each other arms. He looked confused. “I don’t understand.”
Neil released Dolores. “It’s called hugging. It’s a fine old custom. You might try it someday.”
Willess stared at him.
“It’s okay. I’m single, remember?” Dolores said.
“There’s too much happening,” Willess said shaking his head slowly, “But I need to know where you were?”
“Mostly walking and thinking,” Neil said as sat down.
“Where?”
“I really don’t know. I wasn’t paying much attention to where I was.” Neil looked over the top of the desk. “Did you see my link? I seemed to have walked off and forgot.”
“Forgot it? You just forgot it?” Willess’ voice strangled.
“Yes, I took it off and laid it down.”
Dolores did not know whether to laugh or cry. She felt sorry for Willess. He was a little man her ex had picked to bully. She wanted Neil to stop teasing him. “I think Willess picked it up.”
“I did, but I put it in the drawer there. I didn’t know what else to do with it.”
Neil opened the draw and put on his link. He checked for messages, finding some turned to Willess. “I have messages to take care of. Is there anything else you want?”
“No, I’ll go report your safe return.” Willess backed out the door.
“You shouldn’t be so cruel to him,” Dolores said.
“I wouldn’t have been, but he had a locator concealed in the palm of his hand. This seemed a better way to put him off trying to plant it on me than taking it away from him. It worked. I think he even forgot about it before he left.”
“Do you really want to answer those messages, or are you going to tell me what happened?”
“We’ll give Willess the honor of announcing my return. Computer make a scan for me. Is the area free of bugs?”
The computer answered in seconds. “There are no known bugs in this room.”
“Zac is alive. I had a long talk with him last night then I exited the tunnel system far away from the village, so there would be no suspicion about the village. Zac is living below the village in an area prepared for the population to retreat to in case of trouble. He misses his animals. He was surprised that I had been destroyed and returned. I had to spend much of the time getting him to fill in what he thought I already knew about the village.”
Dolores didn’t answer. She thought a moment. “You didn’t bring him back, so I take it, he has decided not to go for Reconstruction?”
Neil shook his head. “I don’t think he will. He knows it is an imperfect procedure at best.”
“Who told him that?”
“He had copy of a printed report from late in the Holey War detailing the problems of Reconstruction. It is a report I have never seen, but it came from the PRC according to the cover page.”
“It could be a piece of propaganda, a fake.”
“No, the PRC seal, the hologram, is on every page,” Neil said.
Dolores whistled. “Whoa, that’s an official in house document. How did the Holeys get it?”
“Zac didn’t know. He’s seen the report and others like it since he was a child. He showed me a library with one small corner full of official PRC reports. It’s clear this group had a contact inside the PRC late in the Holey War.”
“It also means the contact was somebody very high up in the PRC who was feeding them all this information.”
“That’s all history. It might make for interesting reading for the history people, but it doesn’t concern us. The report Zac was reading says the Reconstruction process killed almost half of those who underwent it. It also says of those who survived a large number needed massive fuzzing to function.” Neil started to paced. “I went over the figures on the Holey War again. It wasn’t the war that killed most of the people. It was the conversion process.”

Back at PRC headquarters Hunter was in the Director’s office complaining. “He just walked off without his link. He’s dangerous.”
The Director leaned back in his chair and frowned. “No, not to anyone else. Remember as a society we grant special privileges to SD’s.”
“But we have to do something with him. He can’t just be running all over the countryside.”
The Director leaned forward and put both his elbows on the table. “Look we both know the Holey attacks were fakes and as far as we know, there was only one old man. Even if Neil finds that Holey, he is in no danger. Your assistant could beat up that old man. Let Neil do what he wants. You are the cause of it. Is there anything else?”
Hunter knew when it was useless to argue. He shook his head no and left.
The Director watched him leave. “Eve, has Neil checked in yet?”
“No, do you want me to call him?”
“Not now, let him call. What do you think the odds are of him finding Zac, and what are the odds of other Holeys?”
Eve answered, “Even odds on finding Zac and no guess on the other.”
The Director thought a moment. “He’s going to be looking for more information. Help Neil, but wipe out all the electronic trails back to him. Give him access to everything.”
“Fatal Flaw? So soon?”
“Yes, even that. He needs to know about the fatal flaw now. Find a way he can stumble across it.”
 
Chapter 31
Back at the farm the rhythms of day, the clucking of the chickens, the bleating of the goats, and the steady sound of hoeing, suggested a world unchanged for thousands of years. Neil and Dolores stood on Zac’s porch and listened before starting toward the village.
Dolores was trying to make sense of the information Neil had brought back from his visit with Zac. She could not believe the people she had seen in her own living room growing up would have let so many people die in the reconstruction process. Dolores tried to remember each, but they had slipped into the fog of time and were not much more than shapes or a frightening adult voice. They were missing memories.
Neil respected her need to think and watched the land around them. The tiny wild blue asters covered wide patches along the river bank. Here and there the first color was showing in the trees. Neil wondered how bleak the valley would feel this winter with the last Holey man gone. When they reached the village, it appeared strangely empty. He followed as Dolores led the way to the house where Zac had grown up.
Once inside Dolores said, “I thought we’d use Zac’s place because it has two phones. I had realized the phones worked, and I had even called with one of my aids to check them from a couple of houses, but I didn’t know they reached beyond the village. We can see each other here, too. The one phone is in the bedroom, and I’ll take one here in the living room. What’s the number?”
“7517, I remember it because it is made up of all primes.”
Dolores dialed the number and motioned Neil to go into the bedroom.
Zac answered almost immediately. They exchanged some small talk and then Zac asked, “Can I come out?”
“No, Hunter would want your information about the defense center. I not sure now you would get a choice about Reconstruction. It might be forced to get knowledge from you, to use the reader on you,” Neil said.
Zac did not answer for a moment. “Yes, I understand. That would be bad.”
“Can we help you in anyway? Get you something?” Dolores asked.
“No, but how are my animals?” Zac asked.
“They are fine,” Dolores answered. “Even Adda is giving as much milk as she had before you stopped milking her. She seems to like Julie, the woman who does the milking. All the other animals are fine. We’re having frost, so we have started the harvest? Oh, I have a question? Do you wash the potatoes before you put them in the root cellar?”
Neil listened to the talk and wondered how much alike Dolores and Zac were. They shared a view of the world he did not understand. When the conversation slowed he said, “Zac, we need to talk about the future.”
Before Zac could answer there was a knock at the front door of the little stone house.
Dolores yelled, “Just a minute and I’ll be there.” She turned to Neil, “I’m glad I have them trained not to just come wandering into where I am working.”
Neil quickly explained the situation to Zac and set a time and place to meet. He came out of the bedroom as a trooper walked in.
“You’re wanted back at the farm, Ma’am. Your father has arrived.”
“That’s great. Thanks trooper. Let him know I am on the way back”
“I have an air scooter waiting for you, Ma’am. It will be quicker and safer.”
Dolores looked at Neil. “Go ahead. I’ll walk back,” Neil said.
“Don’t take too long. I want you to meet my dad, and he doesn’t ever stay long. He’s proud of the work I’m doing here. It’s the first thing he has ever liked of my work.”
Neil watched Dolores and the trooper leave then he dialed the phone, “I’m sorry we were cut short. Another danger for you are the satellites monitoring the valley. They can easily spot a man. From now on we will have to meet with you. Would you like us to bring you one of the cats?”
“Yes, that would be nice. Bring Cassandra. Jessie has always lived outside and she likes everyone. She’ll do well. Cassandra started her life underground, so it will be a home coming of sorts for her.”
They talked a few minutes more, then Neil explained that he had to get back to the farm to meet Dolores’ father. Neil jogged back to the farm to make up the lost time.
Dolores’ father turned out to be stopped in his early sixties with gray hair. He greeted Neil when they were introduced, but he clearly wanted to talk to his daughter.
“This is most interesting. It should help you advance in your section.”
“Thanks, dad. You know how long I have looked for something I could really study. I realize now it’s more than the advancement. You wouldn’t believe how much I’ve learned.”
“You be careful. Some of these old defenses could harm you too.”
Neil drifted away from the discussion to Zac’s porch. He watched as Dolores and her father talked. If the papers Zac had shown him were correct, then her father would have known the dangers of Reconstruction. He would have known the PRC was condemning most people to an early death while seeming to offer immortality. Neil was soon lost in thought. He did not notice Dolores’ father leave or her approach.
She had to touch his hand to get his attention. “Hey, wake up.”
“Sorry.”
“Well, what did you think of dad?”
Neil tried to answer honestly, “It’s plain he loves his daughter. I am still amazed when I meet famous people how much like the rest of us they are. He seems like your dad, and not one of the thinkers behind the PRC.”
“That’s all he was. He didn’t want any of the power. He was the philosopher who tried to lay down the foundations to build policies on. Dad is unhappy that the PRC became undemocratic, but understands the need in this transition period.”
“I know this is a tough question, but do you think he knew about all the people who died undergoing Reconstruction?”
Dolores sat down on the porch beside the cane chair Neil was sitting in and drew her legs up under her chin with her arms. “I don’t think so. He wouldn’t step on an ant if he could avoid it. Dad wouldn’t have had any access to the day by day things happening. He wasn’t part of the science staff, so he wouldn’t have known of the efforts being made to improve the reconstruction process. Because of the war, everything was put into compartments. Only a very few knew the whole picture, like the Director and the council and a very few others.” Dolores looked up at Neil. “You don’t think he knew, do you?”
Neil looked down at her and shook his head. “I don’t know. I hope he didn’t. If he’s like his daughter, he didn’t.” 
Dolores reached up with her right hand and Neil took it. They sat in silence for a moment then Neil said, “I called Zac back after you left. He was wondering how his animals were doing. I promised we’d bring Cassandra when we go to see him.”
“Did he say any more about the reports he showed you?”
“I didn’t ask. I didn’t think it was important. They’re real enough.” Neil stood. “Let’s go over to the step so we can sit side-by-side.” They sat down close together on the weather grayed wood of the steps.
“What are you planning to do? You have something in mind. I can tell,” Dolores said.
“I’m going to search the archives with the help of Eve. She can get me anywhere. One of the extensions I was given allows me to plug into directly to the computers. It gives me the possibility to scan large amounts of data quickly and just store lots more. I’m going to try to find the original record and anything else I can find from that time that might help.” Neil looked directly into her eyes. “What if we find out there is a group of Holeys? Can we let them be found?”
Dolores shook her head slowly. “No, I don’t think so, but how can we prevent it?”
“With Directive Ten active, I can think of only one way. I think they will make the directive effective for everyone this time just to quiet the population.”
 
Chapter 32
The following morning began with a light fog. Neil found Cassandra in the barn. She seemed happy to be picked up and carried. Cassandra purred and rubbed her head on Neil’s chin. Neil talked to her and petted her all the way to the entrance. Dolores was already there having taken another route. Neil greeted her and then scanned the surrounding woods. Satisfied they had not been followed, he explained the voice recognition system to Dolores. After she had selected a password, they entered. 
“Good morning.” Zac was standing just inside the door.
Dolores hugged Zac. “I was so afraid you’d been killed.”
“Neil made sure I wasn’t. It’s still strange to meet a person who has been destroyed by tons of rock.”
Cassandra had begun to struggle when she heard Zac’s voice. Neil handed her to Zac as Dolores released him. Zac greeted Cassandra and then put her on the floor. “She knows her way around here. She’ll follow us.”
They chatted as Zac led the way through the tunnels. Dolores was full of her usual questions about everything they found in the tunnels. How did the lighting work? How were the tunnels ventilated? How many tunnels were there and so on. Neil finally said, “If you keep asking questions, Zac is never going to invite us back.”
Zac laughed. “That’s okay, but I do feel a little stupid because there are so many questions about this place I have no answers for. Maybe, the computer can answer them for her.”
“It might even get tired,” Neil teased.
“See if I praise your knitting anymore,” Dolores said and poked Neil in the ribs.
They laughed and chatted until they reached Zac’s little room. “I’ve made this my home. It’s not much. Just a cot, something to cook on, and books from the library. Later I’ll show you the library, Dolores.”
“I checked on the reports you showed me, Zac.” Neil said, “They are the real thing. I found them in the archives last night. That’s my news.”
“I have some more news for you, too,” Zac said, “It been decided that you should know more about the village. The people who were in it are still alive. Living underground not far from here.”
Neil and Dolores looked at each other.  Neil sat down on the cot. “That’s not good news.”
“Why?” Zac asked.
“If they are found, it will be Reconstruction. You know how few will survive. Are there any children?” Neil asked.
“Yes, several hundred. That’s part of the problem. The village will soon be no longer support itself. Its food supply is too limited.  There’s not enough room for everyone. We moved away and went underground, but we can’t stay forever because natural population growth will overcome our resources. All our food now is synthetic, but it won’t be long before we can make enough. That is why I was sent to the farm. To contact you.”
“Creating, the fear of over population, and fear of someone different were at the heart of the Holey War. All that almost guarantees Reconstruction. It’ll be viewed as a real threat to society,” Dolores said.
Neil added, “Worse, Reconstruction worked on less than ten percent of the children it was tried on. It killed them. They tried to wait until the children reached puberty, but the fear of Creating was so great they did it earlier. There was talk in the reports that the children’s brains weren’t fully developed enough and when transferred, the children have no means of coping.”
“What happens to them?” Zac asked.
“Even their bodies died. Their new brains are taken over by too many Afreets which destroy the person, so their Reconstructs failed too. The PRC was forced to turn all them off. Their master memories were stored with hope that research into the problem would save them, but all research into the area stopped after it was thought all Holeys were gone,” Neil said.
Dolores stared at Neil.
He looked at her. “We didn’t get a chance to talk. I couldn’t just tell you. I wanted to prepare you.” Neil reached for her, but she pushed his arms away.
Zac looked at Dolores and then back at Neil. “I’m sorry. All we wanted was to live free. We thought the process would have gotten better after all these years.”
“Research stopped because it wasn’t needed. I don’t think that it’s possible for you to ever live free. Maybe it never was. It’s clear we cannot let the PRC find your people,” Neil said.
“They aren’t my people. I’m just an expendable old man that went looking and found you. Nothing more. Can I take you to our council and have you explain the situation, Neil?”
“Yes, I’ll go. Dolores, would you join me?”
Dolores nodded yes, but she was still thinking about turning off almost all the children.
“How long would it take?”
“It’s half a day’s journey from here. It’ll take a minimum of a day and a half.”
Dolores spoke, “I can’t go then. I’d be missed, but Neil as an SD can.”
Neil stopped and explained about SD’s to Zac and then turned to Dolores. “I’ll mem fuse with you when I get back. You’ll see everything I do.”
“I don’t know if I want to see all you might see. It scares me being an anthropologist when I think of meeting a large group of Holeys.”
“We don’t have much time,” Neil explained. “Hunter is bringing in special equipment and men to find the other entrances. He’s almost sure to locate at least one of them. If he does, this whole area will swarm with PRC people. If they think there is any chance of Holeys living underground, they will go through in a grid pattern and drill deep holes. Then they’ll drop explosives down the holes to collapse any underground chambers. It called ground depth charging. It was practiced in several parts of the world,” Neil explained.
No one spoke. The only activity was Cassandra taking a bath. Neil was unsure what to say. Zac seemed lost in thought and Dolores was still trying to understand what her father had done or would do to these Holeys. Conversation never resumed. Neil and Dolores left after Neil promised to return in early afternoon. Cassandra watched them go and then fell asleep.

Chapter 33
At PRC headquarters the Director was talking to Eve, “What did he want to see last night?”
“Old reports, history really. All dealt with the Reconstruction process and it was clear he had read one report before. I made sure he can find his way in the digital world, but I am not sure he understands that yet.”
“I don’t remember him working on anything like that. Do your records show he ever read it?”
“No, he said it was something he had just read.”
“How would he get access to those old reports way out there?”
“I don’t have an answer for that, but we matched the report using phrases he stored while reading.”
The Director rubbed the back of his neck. “This is strange. See if you can find anyway those records might have reached either the village or the farm.”
“You could ask Neil,” Eve said.
The Director thought a moment. “No, he must find his way to me on his own.
 
Chapter 34
Neil and Dolores walked together back to the farm. Neil asked, “Are you mad at me?”
“What gives you that idea?”
“You pushed me away. You won’t talk.”
“You didn’t tell me about the report.”
“But I did.”
“You didn’t tell me the worst parts.”
“Look we talked and we decided your father couldn’t have known what was in that report. Remember?”
“It’s not fair.”
“What’s not fair?”
Dolores did not answer and Neil did not know what to do. He knew she worried that her family had had a part in all the deaths. He grabbed her arm and stopped. “I can’t make this any easier for you, but I love you.”
Dolores looked at him blankly for a moment then threw her arms around him burying her head in his chest. She held him and held him. He put his arms around her and waited. She released him a little, but not looking up she said, “This is the only way I can cry. I hate this plastic body. I can’t even cry anymore. They left us with all our emotions, but no way to release them.”
Neil started to release her. “No, hold me. Don’t let me go.”
“I’m lost. I don’t know how to help you,” Neil said.
“Just hold me.”

When they finally returned from the village, Dolores went to Zac’s house and Neil returned to his van.
“There is a message waiting for you from the Director,” The van computer reported.
“Please display it.”
The display screen filled with the Director’s image. “I understand you are out. I have nothing important. I wanted to tell you that you are becoming famous. I’ll attach a copy of last night’s news broadcast to the end of this message and you can see for yourself. There’s no need to return this call unless you need something.” The screen went black for a second then the evening news logo appeared.
“Pause,” Neil requested. He sat down in his chair. “Scan the remaining part of the message and report.”
A second later the computer reported, “The remainder of the message has two parts. The first is a news story and the last is labeled an editorial.”
“Run it all.” Neil watched as the newscaster read a story about his destruction under the rock slide. The news team had even come to the farm and village. The rockslide area got the most attention in the story, but the barn did when they were at the farm. Adda, the goat, nibbled at the reporter scaring her, but Neil did not find the report amusing.
When the report finished, there was a moment of silence and then the editorial began, “The news story earlier in the broadcast makes it clear there remains a constant danger to our population. As you heard, it appears the Director’s special assistant’s destruction was the result of an old defense system, but we know there was at least one living Holey in the area. The PRC must determine if that Holey is still living. We cannot allow the return of the filth, disease, and over population to the world. If there is a group of Holeys, they must be eliminated. Yes, we must be compassionate. We must offer them Reconstruction, but equally important is they not be allowed to survive. Holeys are dangerous. They are too different to be allowed in our world.”
Neil continued to listen until the tape finished. The editorial made it clear that fear of Holeys was growing. Neil wondered how much was due to the Director’s efforts, and how much had been triggered by his destruction. He sat thinking for a minute more then asked the computer, “Contact Dolores.”
“Neil, what’s happened? Why call?” Dolores’ voice came via her link.
“I found a message and a tape of last night’s news waiting. I think you should come over to the van to see it right away.”
Dolores arrived in a few minutes and Neil had the computer play the Director’s message as well as news item and editorial.
When the tape ended, Dolores looked at Neil. “It doesn’t give Zac and the rest much of a chance, does it?”
Neil shook his head.
“What are we going to do?” Dolores asked.
“I don’t know. I must keep this meeting with Zac and the others. They must know that the tide of opinion is going against them. Just how dangerous it would be for them to surface. No pun intended.”
“My ex is back to begin his search and all excited. His equipment will begin to arrive in a couple of days.”
“It doesn’t give us much time to do whatever it is we are going to do.” Neil turned to the computer. “Contact Eve.” He turned back to Dolores. “Eve can cover for me while I am gone.”
“Hello Neil, Dolores,” Eve’s voice came from the communication console.
Neil often wondered why she had not been given a face like many computers but shrugged the thought off. “Eve, I need to think and don’t want to be traced via my link. I don’t want to take it off in case of emergency, so would you cover for me. Intercept all calls with the standard warning I am busy and will call back. Make sure the locator shows me close by but moving.”
“Yes, I will.”
“Did you finish the search I asked you to do last night?”
“Yes, and the result was negative.” Neil smiled and looked at Dolores. “Eve, tell Dolores what you were doing for me.”
“Neil asked me to check all the records and see if your father ever signed the reading sheet for the report about the failures in Reconstruction. Neil also asked me to cross reference all your father’s contacts using official diaries to see if he was in contact with people who had the report in their hands when he talked to them. The results were all negative. Officially, there is little likelihood your father ever saw the report.”
Dolores looked at Neil and then at the console. “Thanks Eve, but there were plenty of unofficial contacts. He must have known something about all those people dying.”
Eve replied, “The report had the highest possible classification and very few people read it, less than a dozen, or knew about it and fewer still would dare breach security.”
“If your father did hear anything,” Neil added, “He would have thought it was rumors being spread by the Holeys. I really don’t think your father knew anything.”
“Thanks. Both of you.”
Eve asked, “How long do you expect to be gone?”
“I should be back tomorrow sometime,” Neil answered.
“Anything else,” Eve asked.
“No, that’s all for now.”
“Good-bye.”
Dolores said, “You are really trying to help, to do the right thing. Even before you told me, you were looking for answers to help me.”
Neil nodded and held up his hand. “Would you like to see what Eve and I did last night?”
Dolores shook her head. “No, not now. I believe the report. It’s something inside myself I must straighten out. My father is my hero. The person I always wanted to please. Leave it for now.” She tried to smile, “When are you going?”
“I have a few minutes.” They talked quietly until it was time for Neil to go then they hugged each other and Neil left.
Neil took several different turns on his way, so to anyone watching would think he was wandering without any direction. When he entered the tunnel system, he found Zac waiting. Zac led the way. They soon began to descend and the rock changed from limestone to one Neil did not know. It looked dark and heavy.
 “Almost to the end of the line,” Zac said as they neared a corner. The tunnel continued straight into what appeared a blank stone wall fifty feet beyond.
Neil stopped at the corner and looked down the tunnel at the wall.
Zac stopped and looked too. “Oh, that’s where the tunnel ends. It’s to throw any unwanted visitors off the track. The real tunnel goes right here. I don’t understand it all, but if the charges go off filling these lower levels with rubble, the real tunnel is less likely to be discovered.”
Neil led Zac lead him on to the right. It was only a little further before they came to a vehicle setting in front of a round tunnel about the same size and shape as the vehicle.
Zac touched it and a door opened. “Get in and we’ll be gone.”
Inside there was a simple control panel and two cushioned seats. Zac motioned to Neil to sit in one and he sat in the other. “It’s a smooth ride. The acceleration and deceleration are slow enough to go almost unnoticed, but fasten your seat belt anyway.”
Zac threw a switch and the control panel lit up. He pushed a couple of buttons and the panel turned green and Neil could feel they were beginning to move.
“It will take us about an hour to get to where we are going. There’s not much to do. This car was built for speed. There’s not much comfort built into it.”
Neil told Zac about the newscast and editorial. Zac didn’t need to be told what it meant.
“It makes me feel like I am the cause of it. If I hadn’t been destroyed, you and the others would have a much better chance of doing what you want to do,” Neil said.
“We are as much at fault leaving the defense up to a computer alone. If I had been controlling the defense, I could have prevented charges from going off.”
They continued to talk until Neil could feel the vehicle slowing. It soon stopped and Zac opened the door to large hall cut into the rock. Outside were a group of people, but Neil was fascinated by the many children he saw. They were dressed in clothing dyed in bright primary colors. They played in and out of the older people like butterflies in a somber garden.
One of the men dressed in what looked like work clothes stepped forward and extended his hand. “I’m Peter White, the elected leader of our people. Welcome to what we call Refuge.”
Neil shook his hand and then Peter introduced him to many more people. Neil was not sure he would be able to remember all their names and faces. The men were all dressed in the same work clothing. There seemed to be no way to determine what job they did or what rank they were from the clothing they wore unlike what he was used to at headquarters. Their clothing was of dark colors, but often faded from too much sun or too many washings. Neil wasn’t sure how long they had been living underground. The women were dressed much like the men, but here and there some of the women wore skirts or dresses and the colors were brighter. The children were the happy ones in appearance and actions. Neil found he could not stop watching them.
“Would you like to look around or go talk right away?” Peter asked.
“How about a very quick tour? My time is limited. I can’t be gone too long,” Neil answered.
The trip was like revisiting the little village. The only difference was this one was underground and the houses were not of stone, but some manmade material. The lighting fascinated Neil. It was done in great part with fiber optic cables bringing down sunlight into the cavern. It provided an automatic day and reduced the energy demands of the lighting. They ended the tour in a building larger than the others. It was Refuge’s town hall, storehouse, and entertainment center.
Peter invited Neil to sit in one of twenty-two chairs around a long table.
Peter began, “I’m sure Zac has told you of our desire to live above ground.”
Neil answered him and then explained the current situation to Peter. It took him several minutes.
Peter looked at the others when Neil finished. “That’s bad news.” They nodded their agreement and then began to talk among themselves. It was easy to see who had been against the contact and who had been for it, but it was clear all saw the need to live free again. They talked about Directive Ten until one of them turned to Neil. “Isn’t it going to give us away? Next time you need new batteries or whatever they are, aren’t they going to learn about us from you?”
“Directive Ten was never applied to the PRC staff above a certain level. It didn’t apply to me in the past, and it didn’t to Dolores. We talked about it and think it will be the same this time,” Neil said. He hoped he was correct.
They returned to their discussion leaving Neil free to look around at the room. It was not much different than any of the meeting rooms at PRC headquarters. It served its purpose and not much more. The talk continued leaving Neil out of it for several hours except an occasional question directed at him. Finally Peter stopped the discussion and turned to Neil, “We need to do more talking. The decision must be by vote and that requires lots of talk. We aren’t being very good hosts. Is there anything you need, or we can get for you?”
“I read some old PRC reports in Zac’s little underground library. Do you have anymore?”
“The librarians would know that. I’ll get someone to take you over while we talk.” Peter stood up and went to the door and said something. A few moments later a young woman appeared. “This is my daughter Linda. She will take you over to the library.”
“Thank you Peter, but please remember I have to get back tonight, so I will be there in the morning,” Neil said.
“I know. I wish you had more time. We can’t afford to have you missed either.”
Neil turned and followed Linda. She led him to another part of the building. Neil asked, “This building serves all public functions?”
Linda frowned and thought a moment. “Do you mean all things the government does?”
“Yes.”
“It does and sometimes we put on plays and the band plays here, and we celebrate holidays.”
“Do you mind if I ask how old you are?”
“I’m fifteen.”
“What do you know about people like me?”
“We learned all about you in school. Do you really think the world would fall apart if people were allowed to have children?” Linda asked.
“I don’t know. There’s much I don’t know anymore.”
“We’re here.” Linda opened and door and led Neil to a desk. She explained who Neil was. The man behind the counter frowned, but asked, “How can I help you.”
Neil explained what he wanted and the man smiled. “We have lots of PRC materials. I suggest you go through the index first and see what might interest you.”
Neil turned to Linda, “Are you going to stay?”
“No, I have to go back. I’m answering dad’s phone while he’s in the meeting. I’ll come get you when they’re done, or you can call me if you get done here first,” She wrote down a number and handed it to Neil.
As Neil looked through the index he was surprised by the sheer volume of material. “Is this all collected in one place?”
“Yes, it’s in a special history section, but because it’s from one source it is all together.”
“Could I just go there and browse?”
“Sure, sure, that’s what a library is for. I’ll show you where the collection is kept.”
Neil followed the man to another room.
The man spoke over his shoulder to Neil. “You’ll have to forgive this. This area was never meant to be a library so there are books here and there and everywhere. All the materials you want are here in this room. Oh, how about materials in computer form? Are you interested?”
Startled Neil managed a yes.
“The computer is old and slow, but it does its job. There’s a terminal there. You can use voice or the keyboard.” The man looked around the room. “Since there’s no one else here you can use voice, but if someone comes in switch to keyboard. We want it quiet.”
Neil studied the man as he talked. The man was dressed much as everyone else, perhaps his clothing was a little more worn, a little more faded. He was shorter than Neil. Perhaps five eight, slim, with dark black hair cut rather short, and although he was helpful, the man had an odd formal feel about him. It was only after he left that Neil wondered what his name was.
Neil first browsed through the shelves and worked on the computer. Before he was done, he found a pattern in the material. The collection, as far as he could tell, included every report written on the Reconstruction process. It also had every report and meeting related to how Reconstruction was going to be applied. Someone in high up in PRC headquarters had been supplying this Holey community, but within clear limits. There were no military reports or science reports or any governmental reports not related to the Reconstruction process. It was as if someone was giving these people enough information to allow them to make up their own minds about Reconstruction.
 
	Chapter 35	
Back at the farm Hunter found Dolores working in Neil’s van. “I want to talk to you.”
Dolores stopped examining a small wooden device. “About what?”
“I’ve got some information. It might interest you.”
“Go on, I’m listening.”
“I think your precious Mr. Corrigan is a Creat. I think he’s something the Director put together. He’s got no memories only mega fuzzings. He’s got no family and that half fried excuse about being a fragment isn’t worth the push of a button either.”
Dolores looked at Hunter and then shook her head. “What’s the matter with you? Are you jealous? That makes no sense. Why would the Director risk creating?”
“That’s the easy part. A Creat won’t have any past, won’t have any grudges to take care of, and it would be innocent. You’ve noticed how innocent your lover boy is, perhaps?”
“Something you’ll never be. He’s a warm wonderful person. You’re the weird thing around here.” Dolores stood.
Hunter was pleased. He might not be able to destroy her, but he could still make a mess out of her mind and feelings. He’d found another way to strike back. “I’m going. I thought I’d tell you the latest news.”
Dolores yelled at his back. “That’s not news. That’s speculation from a freak who enjoys hurting people.”
Dolores sat back down in the chair. She looked through Neil’s memories. There was nothing there that looked like a Creat’s memories, but then what did a Creat’s memories look like? What difference did it make? But what if she had fallen in love with a Creat. What would her family say?


The next morning just after sunrise Neil returned to the farm. The very early frost of a few days before had browned many of the plants in the garden. He wondered who would eat the food Zac had been so carefully raising. When he entered his van, he found Dolores waiting.
She held him. “I missed you. How did it all go? How many are there?”
“There’s too much to tell you.” He held up his hand and slid open the communication connection. “Fuse?”
“Yes, but first I must tell you my dear ex was here and said he thought you were a Creat.”
“There’s a good chance I am.”
“Don’t you know?”
“How would I know unless I was told?”
Dolores looked at him wondering why her feelings had not changed.
He continued, “All I know is what I’ve been told. I am a fragment. I’ve studied other people who are fragments and they remember about as much as me, but I’ve read the records on Carlos the famous assassin. I couldn’t tell he was a Creat. There’s something deep inside me that says I am a fragment and not a Creat. I’ll show you when we fuse.”
Dolores opened her connection and they joined.
“Here’s is what happened while I was gone.”
“This is more convenient than living an event. It takes less time,” Dolores thought., “Let me show you what happened here.”
“He’s right. The Director would have good reason for creating, but then that is true of all the officials. Follow me and I’ll show you why deep down I don’t think I’m a Creat.”
The images and feelings were not distinct: a light, a face, and a voice -- a woman’s voice. It even sounded familiar. Neil asked, “Do you understand?”
“Yes, I feel it. I can’t describe it.”
“I love you.”
“Yes, I feel that, too.”
The van’s computer announced, “There is a visitor entering.”
They broke the connection and Dolores sat back down.
“Isn’t this homey?” Hunter said as he entered the room.
Neil nodded a greeting and Dolores ignored Hunter.
“Where have you been, Corrigan?”
“Looking around.”
“All night? You just got back. You weren’t by that tree”
“Oh, did you remove the branch I hung over the lens?” Neil asked.
Dolores smiled and hid it from Hunter.
“You knew about it?”
“I’m not blind. Besides you didn’t do a very good job of hiding it. You didn’t even follow the suggestions in the manual about hiding it.”
Neil watched Hunter get angrier. Neil knew he could not make Hunter dislike him anymore than he now did, but it was the anger which distracted him from his questioning about where Neil had been that Neil wanted. He changed the subject again. “When is your equipment going to get here, so you can start your search for other entrances?”
“In a couple of days at the latest.” Hunted studied Neil. “You would be interested in that, wouldn’t you? Aren’t you afraid of being destroyed, again?” Hunter emphasized the word destroyed.
“I guess that will depend on what you are doing. If you’re trying to blast your way in, you can be sure I’m not going to stay around. But if you take your time and work at it carefully I’ll stay.”
“There are times you almost make sense.” Hunter took a step towards Neil.
“Stop!” Neil’s sudden command startled Dolores who had just been listening to turn around quickly and Hunter froze. “If you come closer and try to plant that tracer on me, I’ll take it away from you.”
“No office freak is going to tell me what to do.” Hunter lunged at Neil trying to grab him.
Neil intercepted the grab and using Hunter’s own momentum, guided Hunter toward the wall while tripping him. Hunter hit the wall head first denting it. Neil stepped up beside him and took the tracking device out of Hunter’s hand. He stepped back. “Don’t try that again.” The look on his face froze Hunter for another second then Hunter got up and quickly left.
“I didn’t know you’d be faster than him. He’s has all the possible
extensions,” Dolores said.
“It’s more than speed. I’m still not sure what all these extensions I have are, but it is the combinations that were to my advantage. It was Eve’s judgment rather than a man’s that made me this time. I’d bet Hunter designed his own and went for mostly speed.”
“And strength. He was always big on that. Before he converted, he worked hard at weight training.”
“There’s something I don’t understand. You know him well, why is he such a one dimensional creature? Is it security programming?” Neil asked.
“I don’t think there is a simple answer. Part of it is that his parents were killed in a raid. They were both science people working on problems in Reconstruction. We grew up together. I remember his parents. His mother was a kind woman with soft brown eyes and a happy laugh. She was a math person. His father was an expert on the Reader. Hunter was an early Reconstruct. Long before it was mandatory and long before I was converted.”
Neil sat down and thought a moment. “I wonder if it has something to do with his early Reconstruction. According to the records at Refuge, the earlier a person undergoes Reconstruction, the more likely it is the procedure will fail.”
Dolores frowned and then smiled. “I like that idea of failing.” Then she threw up her hands. “Who knows what makes him tick? Can you tell me what makes your boss tick?”
“The Director?” Neil leaned back supported his chin on his hands. “He’s was a father. I know he misses his family. He’s been like a father to me, but I think he sees his job as talking care of ‘his’ family, too. Some are closer, like those working with him, and get more care and some are more distant, like the rest of the world, so get lesser care. I don’t so much trust him as have faith in him. He has never spoken of his real family. Eve told me what little I know.”
Dolores thought a moment. “You’re right. It’s strange. We’ve fused and I know you better than anyone one else in the world, but you still surprise me. You show real insight into people. I wish I had that.”
 “I wish some of that insight would help know what the people of Refuge are going to do.”
“Did they really name that place Refuge?”
“You know as much as I do, but my guess is it was viewed that way when it was built, as a short term place to live in time of trouble. I don’t think they ever expected to stay long enough to name it. It was just Refuge.”
“You better worry more about my ex. He’s going try to find a way to get even with you.”
“You know, you’re right when you keep saying it’s the human side of us that keeps us in trouble.” Neil shook his head.

Chapter 36
In his van Hunter was sitting and thinking. He was too good of a security chief to let personal feelings long interfere with his rational thinking. What had happened did not feel right. There had to be something more to Corrigan’s fear of tracking than his previous destruction. He turned his chair toward the communication console. “Contact Willess on a secure circuit.” Hunter watched the royal blue of security appear and disappear.
“Yes sir?”
“I want you to research all the possible extensions Corrigan might have and then cross reference that with ways we have of tracking. I want to find a means of following him. I have a feeling Corrigan either knows where the Holey is or thinks he knows. Either way, when he finds it, we’ll be just one step behind.”

Late in the evening after everyone else had begun their power down time, Neil went for a walk. He had no goal in mind, but he was too restless to sit and do nothing. Neil liked the river area and walked in that direction. He soon noticed he was being followed and his follower was trying not to be seen. Neil thought of asking the trooper to join him. He could use the company, but that would only confuse the trooper. Neil strolled along the river trying to watch the water, but there was a growing sense of anger in him. He did not like being watched. 
Neil decided to do something. He quickly walked to the ford, crossed the river, and headed into the limestone cliff area beyond, but he was careful to let his tail keep up. The ground gently rose as it met the cliffs beyond. Neil selected an animal trail he knew well. It was lined with poplars, maples, and another tree Neil did not know. He stopped before entering the line of trees and listened. The night was warm after the recent frost and Neil could hear a few crickets and other surviving insects chirping. He could also hear the sounds of the trooper moving. When Neil moved again, it was at a faster pace. He paused a moment where the trail made a sharp right hand turn just before the cliff and then continued.
When the trooper reached the corner, he could no longer see Neil. He sprinted to edge of the trees, looked along the cliffs, and then slowly made his way back to the corner in the trail looking both ways. The trooper stopped and using his link called his headquarters back at the farm.
Above him in the maple tree, hidden by all its yellow leaves, Neil listened to the conversation. The officer in charge called Hunter, and Hunter talked to the trooper. Hunter thought Neil might have disappeared into the tunnel system through an entrance in the face of the cliff. He told the trooper they would explore the area in the morning and to return to the farm for now. Neil was pleased. He watched as the trooper started back to the farm. Now, Neil knew what Hunter suspected.  Neil left the tree and continued his walk alone.

The next morning Dolores listened to what had happened on his walk and then asked, “Why are you sure you are not a Creat?”
Neil did not know what to say. “I’m not sure. As I said, it is more a feeling.”
“Why aren’t you more sure?” Dolores’ face wrinkled in concern.
“Do you want the technical reason? I’ve read everything I could find on the subject of fragments and Creats. Do you know Dr. Shu’s work?”
“I don’t want some technical lecture from you. What do you think?”
“I shared the only memory that makes me think I am not a Creat. The only things I have left to share with you are the technical ideas. Look through my memories and find Dr. Shu.”
There was a pleading tone in Neil’s voice that hurt Dolores. She looked through Neil’s memories among her own. “I have them, but they are too technical. They’re all math.”
“Shu worked with noise in the duping process. Like any communications, it is subject to noise. The nearer a person was to death during the duping process the more noise is recorded. Fuzzing is just the same, adding of noise. The math is the same for both cases. There is no way to really distinguish between a fragment and a Creat because of that.”
Dolores looked at him. Finally, she asked, “Who told you that you were a fragment?”
“Everybody, even my listing in the computer records.”
“Have you ever gone deeper? You have the access. Have you ever asked what you are?”
“Yes, it was the same there.” Neil rested his chin on his hand as he leaned on the table.
“Please ask again. I have to know.” Her outburst seemed to surprise even Dolores. There was an uneasy silence in the room.
Neil shifted and looked at Dolores. Very softly he said, “I will right now.”
Dolores got up. “I’ll leave. Eve might not tell you if I’m here.” Dolores came over and hugged Neil. “I’m sorry, but I’ve got to know who or what I love.”
Neil tried to smile. “You might not know even after this.” He watched her leave and then turned to the communication console and called Eve.
“Good morning, Neil. How can I help you?” 
“Eve, am I a Creat?”
“No, you are a fragment.”
“Can you tell me more than I already know?”
“Yes, but the complete record was too classified for even you to see until now. Do you want me to continue?”
“Continue.”
There was a delay. Neil knew Eve was accessing information buried deeply behind layers of security protection.
“You are the son of a ranking member in the PRC. You and your mother were going on a trip when your vehicle hit a PRC mine. Your mother was hurt and unconscious. You were found and taped as you have known all these years.” Eve paused.
“What happened to my mother?”
“The record only says she survived the event.”
“Is my father alive?” Neil asked.
“Yes, but he remains unknown to you for your protection. He thinks the accident was an indirect attack on him from someone else within the PRC.”
“Then my mother wasn’t killed by Holeys?”
“No, your mother was killed later in a secure area. Only PRC personnel had access. While it is possible a saboteur could gain access, the probability remains almost too small to be possible. Her master tape remains from her last repack, but her choice was recorded as not wanting to become an SD.”
Neil sat and thought. There was a sense of relief, but also a growing anger at fathers who remained absent and then wonder at a mother he could not remember. Who was she? What had she been like? Neil had never allowed himself to think much about a mother who might never have existed. He wanted more information, but he knew Dolores was waiting. “Eve, is my name Corrigan?”
“Yes and no. It is not your father’s name. But it is a family name of someone close to you.”
“My mother’s family name?”
“No, Neil. That would be too easy for your father’s enemies to decoded.”  
“I have to think, but I know I’ll be back for more information. Is there anything else you can tell me?” Neil asked.
“No, Neil. Your father has set up the file, so you must ask the questions. I cannot give you a summary or help you in any way.” 
Neil knew the file type well. They were hard to use. Unless he asked the right question they gave him no information. He got up and went to find Dolores. She was sitting in the next room on a couch with her knees up under her chin and her arms wrapped around her legs. She looked up.
“I’m truly a fragment.”
Dolores gave a little yell and launched herself toward Neil. She held him tightly.
Neil waited until she released him then he took her hand and led her back to the other room.
Dolores sat down and leaned forward. “What else did you find out?”
Neil told her and then asked, “Who do you think it might be?”
“Your father?”
Neil nodded.
“I don’t know. We could use your name, and see whose family has that name in it. The Director would know. You wouldn’t be his special assistant if he didn’t trust the people in the family you come from.”
They continued to talk about possibilities until the morning turned into afternoon. They got up and walked outside together. It was a day filled with fast moving clouds and sun. As they watched the sun coming through the clouds, it lit the hillsides in searchlight fashion. The early autumn colors jumped out of the dark green of unchanged leaves and the lighter greens of spruces and pines as the sun’s light passed over them.
Hunter watched them from the door of his van having been alerted by a trooper. He watched them laughing. At least one thing had gone well in this mess Hunter thought. Dolores had bonded well with Neil. He wondered how they could be so happy. Hunter shrugged the thought off and walked over to them.
Dolores nodded and Neil said, “Afternoon.”
“Where were you last night?” Hunter asked Neil.
“My aren’t we civil. Didn’t you ever hear the greeting hello, how are you?” Dolores asked.
Hunter ignored her and looked at Neil.
“Are you referring to the trooper following me who lost me?” Neil asked with a big smile.
This was something Hunter had never seen before, and it stopped him for a moment. “Ah. . .yes.”
“I was up a tree.”
“You were what?”
“Up in the tree. I heard your conversation. So you think there is an entrance over there in the cliffs?” 
Hunter opened his mouth to say something then shook his head. “Corrigan, you need a fuzz job,” and walked away.
Dolores asked softly, “Did you really climb a tree?”
“Yes and I heard the conversation, too.”
Dolores giggled and then said, “You’re going to have to be more careful. You’re going to give him an Afreet with all the strange things you are doing to him.”
Dolores and Neil walked hand in hand to the village. Behind them trailed two troopers. Dolores and Neil kidded about their ‘tails’ and climbing trees to lose them.
At the village, they went to Zac’s home and used the phone to call him. Zac said no decision had been made, but it looked like they were going to vote to stay hidden. “It’s the kids,” Zac explained, “They know most of the kids wouldn’t survive the conversion process. Do you think there is any chance the PRC would delay Reconstruction?”
“No,” Neil said shaking his head. “The basic fears are being played up in the press. There’s no chance of any delay.”
“When are they going to vote?” Dolores asked on the other phone.
“I don’t know. They enjoy all this talking. Well, most of them do. I think that’s why they went into government. When are you going to call again?”
“We’ll check tomorrow,” Neil answered. They chatted a few more minutes and then hung up.
Dolores joined Neil in the living room. “Do you know if the PRC has any genealogical studies?”
Neil looked at her questioningly.
“Oh, I was thinking about trying to track down your name. You know, to see if we could guess at who your father might be,” Dolores explained.
“None that I’ve heard of. And I doubt it. There would be information and information can be dangerous. There is not even a list of husbands and wives. I was doing something last year and looked for a list like that.”
Dolores slowly shook her head. “We can’t seem to get it through our heads that the war is over. That we won. We are fighting an enemy that doesn’t exist anymore.” 
“True.” Neil and Dolores talked as they went to the house Dolores was working in. Neil found another book of knitting patterns. He decided he would try to relearn knitting. If he had done it once, he should be able to do it again. He amused himself as Dolores worked trying to picture what the patterns in a garment would look like using the patterns he read from the book. It was the last time he would think of knitting for a long time.
Dolores quit early. “I can’t concentrate,” she explained.
They walked home enjoying the late afternoon sun. The earlier clouds had given way to a bright blue sky and the wind had dropped. Their trooper tails walked behind them. When they reached the farm, the woman taking care of the animals stopped them.
“One of the cats is missing. A female and we haven’t seen her in a couple of days,” the woman explained.
Both Neil and Dolores said, “Cassandra.”
Startled, the woman stared at them.
 
	Chapter 37	
In his van Hunter was talking to his assistant. “Did you find anyway to track Corrigan?”
“No sir, he is likely to notice any addition to his body or his clothing.”
Hunter did not answer, but settled back in his chair in thought. Willess waited. It was several minutes before Hunter spoke, “He spends a lot time with Dolores. Run the same ideas on her. See if there isn’t something we can’t plant on her that he won’t know. If we can’t follow him, we might have to follow the person he spends most of his time with.”
“It’s over eighty percent, sir.”
Hunter looked at Willess’ image on the screen in surprise.
Willess saw the look of surprised and added, “Corrigan has spent over eighty percent of his time with Oaks since returning, sir.”
“That much?” Hunter turned his head and studied the empty space beside the communication console. “I hadn’t realized the number was that large. Take care of it. Hunter out.” The screen went black automatically at his last words. It was over an hour before Hunter turned to other tasks.

At PRC headquarters the Director was talking with Eve. “How far did he explore the file?”
“He only asked if he was fragment and about the file.”
“Too surprised to ask more.” the Director wished for a second he had programmed Eve as a holographic image. He missed her blue eyes. “After he digests this new information, he will be back for more. Has he looked for any of the other information we thought he would?”
“No, but I am adding things to his mass downloads.”
“I guess we’ll just have to wait.

Back at Zac’s farm Dolores and Neil were talking. “I’m glad she wasn’t my ex or we would have had it back there over Cassandra.”
Neil nodded. “Yes, but I think she was too surprised to notice our concern. I think we covered it well.”
They entered Neil’s van together. Neil sat down at the communication console and Dolores started to leave, “Don’t go. I’m just going to look through my messages.”
Dolores returned and sat down in a chair next to the console. Neil asked for his messages and scanned through them. They chatted as he read. It was a voice message from Eve that stopped their talk.
“Eve, would you repeat that last message?” Neil asked.
“Yes, the ruling council has decided that Directive Ten will be applied to everyone until further notice. It will apply to all personnel even including the Director and that part of the policy will be widely publicized.”
“Thank you, Eve. That’s all.” Neil turned to Dolores.
Dolores shook her head. “This changes everything. We are going to give away Zac and all the people in Refuge, and we can’t stop it.”
“Directive Ten is only effective at repack. For me that’s a long time. When are you due for your next one?”
“Only a few weeks from now,” Dolores answered. “So it looks like I will be the betrayer.”
Neil spoke from deep in thought. “There’s no way around the Directives, but we need a means of protecting Refuge.”
Dolores looked at him and then pulled her legs up into the chair and wrapped her arms around them, “It’s not fair. I’ll end up destroying the very things I care most about, and there’s nothing I can do about it.”
Neil got up and knelt beside her chair. He reached up and gently turned her face towards his. “If we never reach repack, we can’t betray the people of Refuge.”
“How can we do that? We can’t destroy ourselves. It is a built in aversion. One of the strongest.”
Neil shook his head. “I don’t know. Maybe, just maybe, the people of Refuge can help.”
Dolores looked hard at Neil. “Do you want to ask them to destroy us?”
Neil nodded. “Yes, but maybe there’s a way we could do it ourselves.”
“What happens to all my work?” Dolores asked.
“You’ve filed reports. It will be safe. Don’t you think the new Dolores will want to do just as you have?”
“I don’t know. Will she?”
“After I was destroyed, was I any different?” Neil asked gently.
Dolores smiled and touched his face. “No, you were still Neil.”
Neil captured her hand and held it to his face. He felt strangely like a person for the first time he could ever remember. Neither spoke. The moment became minutes of closeness.
 
	Chapter 38	
Hunter was at the village. The experts had arrived before their equipment and were looking at the area where the other entrance had been before the accident. Hunter laughed at the word accident. He had planned to destroy Corrigan, but it had happen without him. Hunter wandered off after listening to the experts talk among themselves for awhile. He left the village and went to the spider bridge. He walked out to the area where Corrigan had been shot and leaned against the almost invisible railing. Something in the village changed him when he came there. Below in the valley the trees turning into their molted autumn colors were still. In the valley, there was little wind. The very high, very thin clouds filtered the sun and there were no deep shadows. There were no blacks and whites on the land that day, only grays. 
Hunter wondered about the chances for success in finding the other entrances that must be hidden somewhere near the village soon. Corrigan might be a better bet. He was almost sure to find another entrance on his own. He had the need to do it and the extensions to do it. Hunter knew his best chance of quickly finding the entrance was Corrigan, but the experts would find the entrance in time. They would not fail. 

Neil and Dolores had begun to talk again. Neil was saying, “I see two problems. How to arrange our destruction to get around our programming, and how to be destroyed so our power packs are not breached contaminating the valley.”
“Do you realize how strange what you just said is?” Dolores asked.
“No, I guess I am just used to planning as part of my job. If I thought about the strange things I am always planning, I’d be afreetized.”
“What about me? Can I accept it?”
Neil took her hand. “There’ll be another Dolores after you. Our destruction isn’t important to anyone but the people of Refuge.”
“I hate that name, and this idea!”
“What else can we do?”
“Nothing, but I don’t like it. I’ll lose so much. You won’t. You’ll know everything. The replacement Dolores will lose only what records you don’t leave her.”
“Can we -- will we love each other again?”
Neil smiled and took her hand. “I hope so. I am going to make sure my personal records tell my replacement that I love you.”
“Why don’t you stay and tell my replacement?” Dolores asked. “There’s no reason for you to be destroyed earlier.”
“The sooner I’m destroyed the less memories I’ll lose. Beside it might not be as easy to put together a destruction when my repack time comes. I go with you.” Neil tried to smile at her.
They clung together and talked of their coming destruction for many hours. In the evening Neil slipped into the village unnoticed by the trooper on duty there and called Zac and arranged a meeting for the following morning.
The next morning Dolores and Neil slipped out of the back door of the house she was working in and went to the tunnel entrance just outside of town. It was easy to do because Hunter was slowly withdrawing troopers and there were only one or two on duty in the village at a time. The ones watching Neil and Dolores would wait by the front door.
 Zac was waiting for them just inside the tunnel entrance. Neil quickly explained about Directive Ten and then went on, “We would betray you at repack. Dolores is only a few weeks from repack. If our programming permitted we would destroy ourselves, but we can’t and need your help.”
“You want me to kill you.” Zac took a step back.
“No,” Dolores explained. “It is destruction. Look at Neil. He is not the same one you met when we first arrived at the farm. There will be others just like us, but they won’t know about your village.”
Zac stared at them.
“We have another problem," Neil said.
“What?” Zac asked.
“If our power supplies are breached when we are destroyed, we could contaminate the valley. It was pure luck it did not happen the first time I was destroyed,” Neil said.
 
	Chapter 39	
Back at the farm Hunter was talking to Willess. “Did you get the sector reports done?”
“Yes sir.”
“Did you have any luck on tracing devices we could use?”
“There is one thing we might do. We could have a tracer made up that emits enough radiation to look like a power supply leak. We could plant it on Dolores. As long as she is at the farm, she will not be detected by any of the sensors we have in the normal community to detect leaks, but she will be easy to track on our standard equipment.”
Hunter looked at the screen. “This place is going to become a museum. When are they going to place detectors here? I don’t want us given away by Struct-mec.”
 “Planning hasn’t gotten that far yet. It will depend on the budget and final approval on that is still sometime away.”
“Okay, have the lab make it and get it here,” Hunter said.
“Is there anything else you need, sir?”
“What’s the Director doing?”
“Nothing but routine work as far as we can tell. He’s working hard on getting more funds in the budget for his department. It looks like he won’t succeed, but at least he’ll keep his current budget together and not suffer a cut. The loss of the Holey killed any chances of more money, sir”
“Keep watching, Hunter out.”


Neil and Dolores slipped into the back door of the tiny frame house as Hunter’s air scooter landed in the village. “Sounds like my ex arriving.”
“Good timing then.” Neil smiled at her and winked.
Dolores sat down at the round kitchen table where she had been working. “I can’t concentrate now.”
“From the voices I hear by the front door you won’t have to.”
The front door opened and Dolores called, “Back here in the kitchen.”
Hunter nodded to Neil and looked at the table where Dolores was working. He picked up a tool and looked at it.
“Why are you here?” Dolores asked.
“It’s my job.” Hunter turned to Neil. “What are you doing?”
“You know us SD’s. We’re one massive Afreet. I’m planning my destruction.” Neil made a face at Hunter. Dolores smiled and turned away to hide it.
Hunter ignored the face. “When are you going back to work?”
Neil scratched his head. “I don’t know. Soon, I think. This inactivity is beginning to drive me crazy. What have you heard about your equipment?”
“Some of it has arrived. The team is already surveying for possible entrance sites,” Hunter said.
“How soon do you think it will be before we can visit a tunnel?” Neil asked.
“I don’t know. There are times you seem almost normal, Corrigan. Wanting to see where you were destroyed makes good sense to me.” Hunter looked carefully at Neil and asked, “How’s your search going?”
“I haven’t found what I want,” Neil answered.
“You ought to try the SD cure we give the troopers. It would set you straight right away.”
“No thanks, I’ve heard about it.” Neil smiled.
Hunter turned his back to Neil and asked, “What are you doing?”
“Nothing, I was just telling Neil that I can’t concentrate. I was going to suggest he and I go for a walk.” Dolores stood up.
“Oh, how long are your troopers going to follow me,” Neil asked.
“Yes, I’d like some privacy too,” Dolores answered.
“When I am sure the area is safe, but I tell you what I will do if you’ll promise to stay close to camp. I’ll pull them off for the rest of today.”
“Sounds good to me. Dolores?” Neil looked at her and she nodded her agreement.
Hunter left without another word.
“Why did he agree to that?” Dolores asked.
“I don’t know. Let’s go see if he kept his word.” Neil stepped out of the house followed by Dolores. The village seemed empty. Not even Hunter was in sight. The only sound was of his departing air scooter.
“Looks like he did” Neil said.
“I think I was lying. I think I could concentrate. This is my escape from work.”
“You truly want to go for a walk? It’s not a bad day.”
Dolores nodded and they started out of the village and towards the river valley’s bottom land. A few of the trees had lost most of their leaves in wind of the past few days and stood bare, dark brown skeletons in a land going to sleep. Neil picked up a leaf half red and half death brown. He held it up toward the sun. “It looks like the life blood has been drained out of this half, but this other half is still alive.”
“Are we Afreet controlled? Are we crazy?” Dolores asked.
Neil took her arm as they walked. “You mean because we’re planning our destruction?”
“Yes and violating the spirit of all the Directives. I don’t know why I am doing it.”
“I’m doing it because I’ve seen the children. I cannot imagine letting most if not all of them die for an idea they don’t even understand. In a little while there will be another Neil, but there will be nothing for them.”
“Will what we’re doing save them?”
“I don’t know. All we can do is try. Have you found a way to warn the next Dolores not to look too hard to find them?” Neil asked.
“Do you really think the next Dolores will look for Zac and find the others?”
“Yes, just like the next Neil will. The only difference between them and us are our memories of certain events. They’ll have the same interests, fears, and worries. We have to warn them not to look, or they’ll repeat our mistakes.”
“I guess you’re right. We’re like that, but does it matter? Won’t we keep making the same mistakes?”
Neil looked at her as they walked and nodded. “Sure, the new ones of us will do pretty much the same things we did, butt hopefully the little changes will keep all safe. They might not even fall in love.  The other difference is this time they’ll know what mistakes we made so they won’t repeat them.”
Dolores continued to walk without answering. They descended onto the broad flat floodplain slowly turning brown for winter. Overhead a hawk hunted. There were signs of farming scattered around, a half standing half fallen fence, over grown two wheel track ways leading to higher ground, and among the weeds were some feral wheat and oats that would soon drop their seeds. They wandered the river valley slowly making their way back to Zac’s farm. Tiny figures in an empty, dying fall landscape.


That night after everyone else but the trooper guards were enjoying their powered down phase Neil worked with Eve. “I need to scan a number of broad areas. When I mark things, I’d like them in microform and sent to me at the farm as soon as possible.”
“Wouldn’t it be easier to just download it from the system?” Eve asked.
“I may need it when I can get anything but a link path and that can’t handle the high volume of data I need.”
“Go ahead and connect.”
Neil opened the communication device cover in the plan of his hand and placed it on the matching one on the panel. Eve greeted him and they began his search together. Neil enjoyed working this closely with Eve. She felt alive and protecting. He researched explosives, Reconstruct power supplies, early PRC history, local geography and geology, and finished with problems in the Reconstruction process.

Chapter 40
Hunter received the tracer the next morning. It was a small device no larger than the head of a common pin, but emitting enough radiation to simulate a power supply leak. He went to visit Dolores who had not left for the village yet.
“Where’s Corrigan,” Hunter asked. He did not want Corrigan to see what he was going to do. It was likely Corrigan might very well notice him planting the tracer.
“He worked through the night on the computer and now he’s sorting through what he found,” Dolores answered. She was not dressed in uniform as usual, but in a bright paisley patterned dress.
Hunter looked at her dress with curiosity and asked, “Aren’t you going to the village today?”
“Maybe later. I am trying to record some personal notes. They got left behind with all the work in the village. What do you want Neil for, or are you just checking on him?” Dolores looked up at him with a smile.
Hunter ignored the smile. “Just checking. He’s even weirder since his destruction.”
“How would you act if it had been you?”
“Better than him.”
“You can’t say that for sure.” Dolores turned once more to the device in front of her.
Hunter walked over and appeared to lean over her shoulder to see what she was doing and put his hand at the base of her neck as he did.
“Stop that. You know how much I hate people looking over my shoulder when I am recording and get your hand off me.”
Hunter stepped back and held his hands up in front of him palms out. “Okay, sorry. Just trying to be interested in what you’re doing. You know, being friendly.”
Dolores frowned at him. “You’re never friendly unless it suits your purposes.”
“I’ll leave.” Hunter turned away from her and smiled. He had been successful in planting the tracing device on her skin where its color and texture would match her skin thanks to the records in her rebuilding file. Hunter thought it was convenient to have people without a sense of touch in most places. He would have to make it a note to continue to push for the lack of touch as up grades in Reconstruct design were made.

Later Dolores joined Neil in another room of the van. Neil instantly stood up and looked at her. Startled, Dolores took a step back. “What?”
“You just set off an alarm in me. One of my extensions. It looks like you have a power supply leak,” Neil said.
“That’s impossible. I can’t. All I have done this morning is work on my personal notes. It can’t have broken open just sitting in the other room,” Dolores said.
“You are setting off my alarm.”
“Could Hunter have done it? He was just here a few minutes ago.”
“No, but he might find it useful to tag you. Did he give you anything that might be causing this?”
“No, he looked over my shoulder and asked where you were. That’s about it.”
Neil thought a minute then asked, “Did he touch you?”
Dolores thought. “Yes, here.” She pointed to her shoulder.
Neil came over and looked closely at her dress there. “I don’t see anything.”
“Maybe, it was my neck or higher up on the shoulder where he touched me.”
Neil looked carefully and using his extra vision he spotted the tracing device. “He planted some sort of device on you. It is the same texture and color as your skin in ordinary light, but slightly lighter in UV light. I bet it is to allow him to track you.”
“Take it off and I’ll go give it back to my dear ex.”
“Wait, what harm can it do? We know it is there. If we want to get away, we can take it off and leave it. I’ll take it off and you can just carry it. As long as he thinks he is tracking you, he will be happy and won’t try something we might not notice.”
Dolores walked over to a plastic and chrome chair and slumped into it, “I am so tired of my ex always spying. He wears me down. I can’t even get mad anymore.”
Neil walked over and knelt beside the chair. “It’s not you he’s spying on. It’s me he’s trying to follow using you.”
“Spying, using people, it seems that’s all his life is.” Dolores put her hand out toward Neil.
He took it. “It’s his job. It's why the Director must fight with him each year.”
Dolores slowly shook her head.
“It’s almost time for me to go check with Zac. Do you want to go to the village with me?” Neil asked.
“No, I’ll stay here. I want to have everything ready for the next me.” She didn’t look up, but traced one of the large paisleys on her dress with her finger tip.
Neil wanted to get her thinking about something else before he left so he asked a question he was wondering about. “Have you ever wondered how far the phone system in the village might reach?”
Dolores looked at him. “Yes, are you thinking there might be other Holey villages?”
“I hadn’t thought of it in quite that way. I was wondering how far Refuge is from here.” Neil continued to talk with Dolores until it was time to leave. He was pleased he had turned her thoughts from Hunter’s actions.

It took Neil a couple of hours to get to the village by a random walk and enter a house unnoticed by troopers patrolling the village to use the phone. He called Zac and then returned to the farm in another long random walk. He knew parts of his walk had been followed by satellite, so he stopped and carefully examined several rock faces for entrances.
Dolores had changed into uniform when he returned to the van. She was working as he entered her room. “How’s Zac?”
“Fine.” Neil grabbed a chair and pulled it close to hers, sat down, and leaned toward her. “The village has agreed to help us. They think that the best way would be another explosion at an entrance. They can use the override on the defense computer to seal the entrance.”
“But our programming won’t let us go if we know that it is going to happen.”
“We’ll visit Zac several times and one of the times it will just happen, but we won’t know which time or whether it will happen going in or coming out.” Neil leaned back.
“I cannot believe I am sitting here talking about this.” Dolores looked around the room at nothing in particular. Neil and she had added touches of color to their van. Neil always seemed to find autumn wild flowers to brighten up the van. She had brought common tablecloths in bright colors to cover the tables from the village store of goods.
 
Chapter 41
In Hunter’s van Hunter was talking to Willess. “She has spent all day in Corrigan’s van, so I haven’t been able to try out the tracer. I hope she stays away from the Struct-mec. I can’t send him back because he is still working on troopers damaged when Corrigan was destroyed.”
“If he notices her leak, he will condemn her on the spot,” Willess said.
“It doesn’t make any difference if she is repacked tomorrow or next week, but we have to find another way to follow Corrigan after she is repacked. Have you been pushing the lab to come up with something?”
“Yes sir, they are working hard.”

Back in PRC headquarters the Director was talking to his computer, Eve.
“He is widening his research areas. Most areas like explosives make sense because of his destruction, but he took information on personal powers supplies,” Eve said.
The Director thought a moment. “Can you offer any reason for that?”
“None, other than he has been studying all the extensions he was given and some general information about Reconstruction.”
“It must be something that caught his eye. Is he still trying to research his past?”
“Only trying to find key words,” Eve answered.
“He’s got lots of time to find them. Is he still reading old reports?”
“No, just the extracts. No pattern, just reading through the lists from the oldest to the newest.”
“He sounds like he is recovering nicely. I hope he finds that Holey soon.”
“Perhaps he has and we just don’t know yet,” Eve said


Dolores and Neil continued to talk. Dolores had moved her chair closer to Neil and was talking. “I feel like the whole world has gone mad. There’s so little time. I have to warn my replacement without giving away what I am doing. I have to get all my research notes done so nothing is lost. And I have to do that all in just a few weeks.”
Neil noticed she did not say anything about their destruction. “If we don’t lose any time we should be okay. There’s plenty of time.”
“Can we change the subject?” Dolores asked.
Neil smiled.
“The last time we fused and when you showed me the entrance, I noticed something odd. Can you smell?”
“I don’t understand your question.” He looked at her puzzled.
Dolores leaned forward and took his hands in hers. “I could sense smells in the area around the entrance. Not like before reconstruction, but more like patterns in your mind.”
“Just a moment.” Neil started to search through his memories, then through his extensions. “You are right. One of my extensions looks for chemicals. It matches patterns automatically from chemicals it finds in the air. It samples the air several times a minute. There seems to be a growing catalog of chemicals. I can place certain chemicals with certain places.”
Dolores smiled, got up and grabbed his arm. “Come, I want to go smell the barn.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“Let’s go to the barn. We’ll fuse, and I can see if I enjoy smell again. To be a bit of a Holey again.” She led the way to the barn.
Neil was too surprised to joke with her about fusing. When they arrived at the barn, they fused. 
“Let’s try out your nose,” Dolores thought.
Neil smiled and felt her joy as she explored the odors of the barn. He tried to keep his thoughts silent so that he would not disturb her. He watched her in his mind until she was about to break the connection then he touched her softly with his feelings of love. It was returned.
“Not bad, a bit too scientific. I think I could learn to match the patterns you sense against my old memories.” Together they started across the farm yard.
“Stop!”
Neil and Dolores froze and turned around to see the Struct-mec behind them.
“Dolores Oaks, you have a class three power supply leak. According to regulation twenty-six, section ten, subsection four, paragraph twelve, you have one week to report to rebuilding, or you will be forcibly transported there by PRC personnel. Failure to report on time can result in up to a one year turn-off.” The Struct-mec turned and walked away.
A trooper watching them slipped away to find Hunter.
Dolores started to speak, but Neil stopped her. “Inside the van. There are too many eyes and ears out here.”
Inside the van Neil held Dolores because he knew of nothing else he could do. Neither spoke for a long time. 
Dolores turned her face upward to look at Neil. “Why is all this happening? Why have I lost control of my life?”
“I don’t know why this had to happened, but you still have control. You’re choosing what you are going to do.”
“My destruction?” Dolores freed herself from Neil’s arms. “Choosing destruction? No, it was chosen for me. I had no choice.”
Neil started to speak, stopped and started again a moment later. “I was going to say you did, but that is just not true. You had no choice but to protect Zac and the others.”
“I’m so tired of all of this. It was easier being a Holey.” Dolores slumped into a chair and looked up across the room at Neil.
Neil said, “You’re tired of the game playing and spying.”
Dolores almost smiled. “We are tape mates, aren’t we?” She extended her hand in Neil’s direction. “Then you know I am tired of my ex always playing games with me, using me.”
Neil went to her and took her hand. “Yes.”
Dolores looked up at him. “Can we? Can we warn off our replacements so they don’t find the Holeys? Do we have the time?”
“I think so.” Neil opened the cover on her communication device and then his. “Come, I have made a warm black hole I use when my lack of memories become too much for me. It is my retreat.”  He led her there and together they forgot the world.

 
	Chapter 42	
In his van, Hunter had gotten the news and called Willess. “When Dolores leaves here, we’ll lose our way to follow Corrigan’s actions. Has there been anything out of the lab to help us?”
“Only an adaptation of the Observor idea. A bird, a hawk who could patrol night and day,” Willess said.
“How soon can it be ready?”
“They say it would take a few weeks of testing.”
“Tell them to rush it. I know Dolores will stay here until the last possible moment. I told the Struct-mec that and I’ve already warned him about bothering her. Any news from that end?”

Willess and Hunter continued to talk; part of Eve was monitoring the conversation as she relayed information to the Director.
“It just means Dolores will have to take a few days off to get the power supply replaced. It shouldn't slow Neil up. How’s Hunter taking the news?” The Director said.
“He’s trying to find another means of following Neil when Dolores leaves. Willess has told him about the Hawk project.”
“His last attempt didn’t work well. Poor Dolores ends up going in early for repack. Warn Neil about the hawk project and keep him posted.”

At the farm Neil was getting ready to leave Dolores. “I will go call Zac and tell him of the need to speed things up.”
“Be careful.” Dolores stood up and hugged him. “You never know what my ex is going to do next.”
“I will. I’ll do a random walk before I get to the village, and I’ll make it look as if I never stopped in the village.” Neil opened the door and stepped outside. Leaving the farm he visited the barn, petted Jessie, and Adda. He chose his route so he would be visible to the patrol satellite part of the time, but at other times hidden by the trees. It took over two and half hours before he slipped into a house and called Zac and explained.
Zac asked again, “Are you two sure you want to do this?”
“It’s the only way to protect you and the others.”
“Getting squashed under a hundred tons of rock doesn’t seem like the right thing to me.”
Neil smiled. “But we aren’t like you. In a little while another me and another Dolores will be here. The only thing we lose are memories. I hate that part, but these are memories that need to be lost.”
“But won’t they do the same things you did? Isn’t this an endless almost senseless thing to do? Won’t they find us too?”
Neil explained how they were trying to warn the Neil’s and Dolores who would follow them to stop looking by leaving hints that they alone would understand and then they arranged for Neil to call the next day.

When Neil arrived back at the farm he found Hunter watching the unloading of equipment. Neil joined him. “Is this the equipment?”
Hunter glanced briefly toward Neil then back toward the unloading process. “Yes. Not enough to get started, but it’s most of the stuff we need. The other things should be here in a day or two?”
“When can you start?”
“Within the week. Are you staying around to watch?” Hunter looked again at Neil.
“I’ve been thinking of leaving with Dolores. There’s not much more I can do here.”
Hunter’s face registered his surprise. “Not staying?”
“When Dolores leaves, I’ll leave.” Neil smiled at the double meaning of the words then a second later wondered if he wasn’t playing games just like Hunter. He turned without saying more and went toward his van.

Neil told Dolores about his talk with Zac and the arrangement to check with Zac the next day.
“Good,” Dolores smiled. “I think I found a way to warn off my replacement. I’ve written a poem.”
“Yes, I remember even before we fused you had written about slogans and poetry, but how can you do that and not have someone else find it and know what it means.”
“Look,” Dolores held up a sheet of paper full of writing with things crossed off and others written in on the margins.
Neil looked at it, read it, and then handed it back to Dolores questioningly.
“I’ve always written poetry. Nobody is going to bother to read the poem but me. I’ll make sure I do read it by leaving it on the top of my personal things.”
 “How can you be sure that someone else won’t read it?”
“I can’t, but they won’t understand it.”
Neil frowned. “Then how can you be sure you will?”
“The poem is a bad one. There are only a couple of good lines. They have the information. They say, ‘Don’t hunt man. If you find him, you’ll destroy him.’”
“Isn’t that a little obvious?” 
“It isn’t when it is hidden deep in a poem that is awful. I know I’ll understand the lines. Besides, it’s not much different than the thing in the report you’re writing. You are saying the same thing in twenty thousand words. You said no one but yourself would read through the entire report.”
Neil laughed. “Okay, okay, I’ll believe you. Did you see what has arrived?”
“No, what?”
“Part of Hunter’s equipment. He says the rest will be here in a couple of days.” Neil sat down in the chair beside the communications console.
 “Will we be able to get things done? Will he get in our way?”
“I don’t know. I hope not.” Neil stopped as the console indicated it had a call waiting for him. It was Eve.
“Hi Eve. Can Dolores stay or is this for me only?”
“She can stay. Hi Dolores.”
Dolores greeted Eve and frowned.
Eve then continued. “The Director wanted you to know that Hunter is preparing an Observor to track you day and night in the shape of a hawk. The Director also wanted to know how your search for an entrance is going.”
“Thanks for the information about the hawk. Let me know as soon as he has it shipped. On the tunnel entrance, I should know within a week. Did you send out the information I requested?”
“The microforms should be there today. I researched further and included more information I found later searching other sources.”
“Anything good?”
“Yes, but I am not sure what you are looking for.”
“I’m not sure either. Is there a quicker way to microforms here?”
Dolores watched Neil. He treated the computer like another person. If she had not known he was talking to a computer, she could not have guessed it from the conversation she was watching. When Neil finished, she asked, “Why is the computer called Eve?”
“It’s the name of the Director’s wife.”
“I didn’t think he was married.”
“He isn’t. His wife died of cancer before Reconstruction was possible or so it is said. Who knows what might have happened. She could even be alive. . .”
“The Afreet of living flesh. What an awful disease it was. I always felt cold after I heard about someone getting it when I was still a Holey. Did they have any kids?”
“I don’t know. And it is a question you don’t ask.”
“I don’t understand all this secrecy. Having kids then wasn’t a crime.”
“It comes from the war and the taboo about creating, but more importantly, had you done the correct things even before the war like having no children.”
“I suppose. Did Zac have anything interesting to say?” Dolores leaned back in her black plastic chair. She ran her fingers along the smooth surface of the chrome tubing arms. 

The following morning in the cold colorless light of dawn they walked toward the village together.
“It’s hard to see?” Dolores said.
“Not if you have extensions. Would you like to see?” Neil held up his hand and uncovered the communication device.
Dolores laughed. “It’s a little early in the morning for that, isn’t it?”
“Do you want to see or walk around blind?” Neil teased her.
She uncovered her device and they joined hands.
“Look over there.” Neil pointed.
“What is it? It looks bright against the background.”
“It’s a small animal. I think a rabbit. I’ll increase the magnification and we should be able to tell.” The spot grew in size and it was easy to see it was a rabbit feeding. After watching for awhile they continued walking toward the village in the black and white world of Neil’s extended vision.
“Why was the rabbit so bright?” Dolores asked.
“We were looking at him in the infrared part of spectrum. He is warmer than the area around him, so he is lighter than the ground around him.”
“He’s not the only thing that is warm around here.” Dolores squeezed his hand gently, so it would not break their connection, but it gave the feeling of being completely part of another that comforted them. It seemed to both of them it was only a moment later they arrived at the village and had to break the connection.
They made their way to Zac’s old house and called him. 
Zac answered and before they could say anything said, “Can you two
Come to the tunnel and meet with me and a member the council?”
“I can’t leave that long and not be missed,” Dolores said.
“No, you misunderstand. Meet us right where we met the first time not here in Refuge. We know you can’t come all the way here.”
“When?” Neil asked.
“Either tonight or tomorrow morning,” Zac answered.
Neil and Dolores looked at each other. “Tonight?” Dolores asked.
“We’ll be there tonight,” Neil said.
“Good, we’ll see you about nine then. I must go now.” Zac broke the connection.
“What was that all about?” Dolores asked.
“I don’t know. I’ll join you in the kitchen.” Neil hung up the phone he was using. 
Dolores looked up as he came in, “Why would they want to see us?”
“I don't know. Maybe this is where we are destroyed,” Neil sat down in a ladder back wooden kitchen chair as he talked. He felt the smoothness of the chair’s finish with his finger tips as he talked. Neil had brought it over from Zac’s kitchen on the farm.
“Can’t you come up with a better word for it? It scares me enough all ready.”
Neil thought a moment. “We were made by Reconstruction. How about the opposite? Deconstruction? Then we would be going to our deconstruction.”
Dolores grimaced.
“It sounds innocent.” Neil protested.
“Sure, until you realize it means destruction.”
Neil looked at her for a second then touched her hand, “A different subject, what are you going to do today?”
“I was going to draw up a plan for what to do after I come back from my forced repack. It will help the new Dolores pick up where I leave off. I couldn’t keep my thoughts together enough to do more.” Dolores captured Neil’s hand and held it in hers.
 
Chapter 43
At the farm Hunter was talking to Willess back at headquarters, “What’s the news about the hawk?”
“There are power supply problems. It takes a lot of energy to fly. The other bird Observor spent most of its time setting in trees and watching. That conserved energy. The hawk will have to fly all the time. It would have to have its power supply replaced almost every day. They don’t know how to program its computer to glide on the updrafts to save energy. . .”
“Fry it! Those double-brained Afreet ridden Creats in the lab can’t get anything right.” Hunter stood up and started to pace. Willess waited.
Hunter stopped after a moment, “Do they have any other ways of following Corrigan?”
“No sir.” 
“I don’t know. Maybe it doesn’t make any difference. Corrigan says he’s headed back to headquarters when Dolores leaves for her forced repack.” Hunter sat back down.
“If Corrigan returns to headquarters then, he would be recovering at the rate expected for an SD,” Willess said.
“Okay, let’s go on to other business. When are the parts going to get here for the last two injured troopers?”

Early that evening Neil was looking through the microforms that had arrived during the day when Dolores join him dressed in a gray skirt and white blouse. They hugged and Dolores sat down.
“What are you doing?” She asked.
“I’m looking through old records trying to see if there are any clues to who I might be.”
Dolores shook her head and her soft brown hair tumbled about her face, “I’d forgotten. Sorry. You should know and with the so called meeting coming tonight this might be your last chance. This is awful, really awful. I don’t want my life to end tonight, yet I know I won’t actually end. There will be another Dolores.”
“I shouldn’t have dragged you into this,” Neil started putting away the microforms to hide his pain, “It should only be me that ends up under a pile of rocks.”
“No, you gave me a lot. Just caring about someone again has made me feel better and in some crazy way when we fuse, it’s like being Holey again. I think it is the sharing, and you have extensions that are almost Holey like.”
“You are not making sense, but I don’t mind,” Neil smiled and reached towards her.
 She took his hand turned it over and traced the cover of the communications opening, “I’m trying to make sense. Love doesn’t always, but I am trying to say that together we are almost whole again. We are almost Holey. You have extensions that give you touch over most of your body; you can smell; and you sense the warmth of the cats and other animals. And I have memories for you to explore.”
“But those last things are nothing but simple sensors built into me.”
“Not so simple when they make you Holey. I am going to go change into something brighter. If we’re going to be destroyed, I want to look my best,” Dolores looked at Neil and laughed, “Don’t look so confused. You know I like to look good.”
Neil watched her leave and then turned to the communications console and called Eve.
“Good evening, Neil.”
“Eve, has the Director ordered a replacement built for me?”
“No, but I did.”
“You?”
“Yes, it is the Director’s wish he be without your services as little time as possible and the area you are in is dangerous. Why did you ask?’
“I think I might have found an entrance, and I will try it tonight.”
“You fear the defense computer will destroy it, and you along with it?”
“Yes,” Neil did not like lying to Eve. He imagined her as an older woman with graying hair and a warm smile, a mother. She was the one thing he had learned he could always trust and now he was betraying her.
“Do you want me to tell the Director right away?”
“No, this might not be what I think it is.”
“Do you think you will have time to send a final message?”
“With the extensions I should. I have recorded one, and it will be
sent in burst mode.” Neil wondered if he had not heard a touch of sadness in Eve’s voice, but that could not be. She was only a machine.
“I wish you luck tonight. I will monitor your link carefully, but be careful. I do not want to order yet another one of you.”
“Thanks Eve,” Neil closed the connection. At times, Eve seemed almost like another person. She wasn’t a Manchine, but he wished she was or better yet a real person. 

A few minutes later Dolores rejoined Neil. She had a new uniform on and a new wig, “I like that wig. You look good,” Neil said, “But I would never have thought of you as a redhead. I like it.”
“That’s the idea. Should we leave?”
“Yes,” Neil got up and offered her his arm. They left the farm arm in arm. In the chill of early evening most of the stars had appeared. There was only the faintest of hints of light on the western horizon where the sun had set. They walked first to Neil’s tree. The weeds along the edge of the pathway caught at their clothing. They stood under the tree together for moment.
“Could we?” Dolores uncovered her communication device, “I want to see this place as you see it in the moments we were together.”
They joined.
Dolores said nothing but watched as Neil slowly looked over the field. Neil could feel a pain deep inside of her like cold Afreet waiting to strike. Worse, was her fear. A fear he knew well - the loss of memories. He reached out to it and shielded her from it. She did not seem to notice his action.
From a closeness he had never felt before Dolores asked, “Would you look at the stars?”
Neil slowly scanned the sky.
Dolores shivered, more in the joining than physically. “It is time to go.”
They broke the connection and walked without speaking toward the village. As they reached the spider bridge Dolores said, “I didn’t know you could do that?”
“What?”
“You somehow touched my fear back at the tree and quieted it. How could you do that?”
“I don’t know. It just seemed the thing to do. I thought you would enjoy the moment more if you had less fear.”
“You don’t understand. That isn’t what I am asking, but it doesn’t matter. It’s one more bit of your kindness. It's time to change the subject. Are we going to leave the tracking device my dear ex provided here in the village?”
“I hadn’t thought about that. I guess we should because if it is just a meeting it could give the tunnel location away. On the other hand, it won’t matter. . .” Neil didn’t finish the sentence. He looked at Dolores and knew it might hurt her. She didn’t seem to notice he had not finished. They entered the house and walked toward the kitchen.
“We’ll just stick it on the kitchen table where it will be easy to find when we come back.” Neil said as he removed the tracking device.
“Did you ever noticed they carved the woodwork in every room but this one?” Dolores asked.
“No,” Neil answered automatically and then looked around the room. The wood tones always made the kitchen feel warm. He wondered what had been carved into the woodwork in the other rooms.
“Did you ever find out how far Refuge was from here?” Dolores asked.
“No.” Neil forgot about looking at the woodwork in the other rooms.
Dolores turned toward Neil, held her arms slightly from her sides, and turned around slowly, “How do I look?”
“Fine. Beautiful.”
“Okay, then let’s go get destroyed.”
“I don’t think we will necessarily be. . .” Dolores stepped towards him and put her hand over his mouth. She gestured toward the door, and they started toward the edge of the village.
When they reached the tunnel entrance, Dolores said, “Let me get composed.” She ran her hands down the side of her uniform and then straightened up. “Okay, go ahead.”
Neil asked the computer to open the door and gave the password. Nothing more happened than the sliding back of the door to admit them. Inside the door stood Zac and a Holey who looked to be in his middle forties dressed in the bright colored rough clothing of Refuge. 
Zac spoke first, “How are you two? It’s good to see you. You changed your hair.” They exchanged a few more words of greeting than Zac turned. “This is Peter. He has some good news for you.”
Dolores and Neil looked at each other.
Peter spoke, “We have felt bad that you would have to kill yourselves to protect us. I researched the power supply problem in our computer system and found that a solution exists.”
“I don’t understand,” Dolores said.
Zac said, “When I talked to Neil, I learned the only reason you felt the need to be destroyed was to protect us because during the replacement of your power supplies you could give us away.”
Peter added, “What I found was that we had designed and used a power supply back in the Holey War. It was used to keep your troopers going so they could provide us information. It worked so well that troopers were given self-destruct devices to prevent it from happening and giving away battle information. I am sure we can keep you going using those old designs.” 
“Wait minute, what are you saying?” Neil asked.
“That there’s no need for you to die. You could join us,” Peter answered.
 Neil thought a moment then asked “Are you saying you want us to come live with you, and that you can provide the power to keep us going?”
“Yes,” Zac answered.
A happy sound escaped from Dolores, and she hugged Neil.
Peter said, “We don’t have any of those old power supplies on hand, but they are easy to build. They are larger than your current supplies. I guess we never saw the need to reduce the size.”
“How long would it take to build one?” Neil asked.
“Only a few weeks,” Zac answered.
“I don’t know if I can last that long.” Dolores stopped smiling.
“There’s plenty of time,” Neil said. “There is a big safety margin in all the supplies. They change them early to prevent any problems from people waiting. Think of the number of times you have seen people miss the first date of their repack. I know you’ll be okay.”
Dolores hugged Neil again, then Zac. Peter looked flustered when she hugged him.
“Would you like to see the design?” Peter asked.
Neil smiled at Dolores and turned to Peter. “Yes, do you have it with you?”
“No, it’s on the computer though and we can walk back to where we have a terminal,” Peter said.
They walked along together with Zac and Dolores talking and Peter and Neil talking.
When they reached the area where Zac had been living after Neil’s destruction, Peter and Neil went to the computer while Zac talked with Dolores and tried to answer all her questions. It took Neil and Peter over an hour of talking before Neil was satisfied the basic design would work.
Neil asked, “Does this computer have a standard communication port?”
“Yes, in the back,” Peter answered.
Neil uncovered his communication device. “Would it match this?”
Peter eyes widened. “Yes, it will.”
“May I connect? There is more information I would like, and this is a much quicker way of getting it.”
“Sure go ahead.”
Neil stood up leaned over the terminal and finding the port he wanted placed his hand over it. The images on the screen quickly became a blur as Neil searched through all the information about the power supply and then the rare materials needed to make it.
Peter waited for Neil to finish. He tired of watching after a few minutes and joined Zac and Dolores. He asked, “Can you do that too?”
“Yes, I could. I think. I’m not sure. I never tried,” Dolores answered.
“Interesting,” Peter said. He made some herb tea as Dolores and Zac continued to talk. He had almost finished the tea before Neil broke the connection and joined the group.
“Can they do it?” Dolores asked.
“Yes, the power supply is larger in size than ours. There are problems with materials, but we should be able to assemble a supply before yours is drained.”
“Then you will join us?” Zac asked.
“I will,” Dolores answered.
“I don't know.” Neil looked at Dolores.
“Why not? Dolores asked.
“I want to be sure we don’t give these people away. Our presence might just do that. This is an idea I had never analyzed.”
Dolores looked at him. “Please come, don’t leave me.”
“I wasn’t suggesting that.” Neil shook his head slowly. “I don’t know if it is a good idea for either of us to join them. Our destruction gives them the best chance of not being discovered. We have to be sure joining them does the same.”
Zac and Peter looked at each other, and then Zac said, “We don’t want to take any lives. That is why we looked for a way to help you. Why be destroyed when you can have life?”
Neil did not answer but thought a moment then looked at Dolores. “Do you want your life at the risk of these people’s?”
“Damn my rotten ex and all he stands for.” Dolores looked away.
“I don’t understand,” Zac said. “Are you going to join us or not?”
Neil smiled thinly. “I don’t know. You have to give us some time to think; to be sure joining you doesn’t put you in jeopardy.” Neil sought out one of the wood and fabric chairs dotting the living space and pulled it besides Dolores’ and took her hand.
“What do we tell the council?” Peter asked. His voice was weak in confusion.
Neil and Dolores looked at each other and then towards Zac and Peter. Dolores spoke for them, “Tell them we have to be sure we can’t be followed or traced and to go ahead with the planning for our destruction. We will call Zac and let him know our final answer soon.”
“We must go, so that we are not missed.” Neil stood.
Dolores got up and hugged Zac and Peter. There were tears in Zac’s eyes as they all started back toward the tunnel entrance. It was a silent walk in the pale cold green lights on the tunnel walls marking their way. Their farewells were short.
Neil and Dolores made their way back to the village picked up the tracing device in the village replaced it and started back toward the farm. They walked silently across the spider bridge. The night was darkening as a few clouds were coming in to cover the stars and there was no moon yet.
Dolores stopped at the big black stone where Zac and Neil had sat and talked only a few weeks before. “This is crazy. Why did we tell them that we couldn’t accept their offer?” She looked up at Neil.
“In part, just for the reason I gave them, but there’s another one too.”
“What? That we are the most altruistic people, but the most stupid ones on this earth. We are so stupid we are willing to be destroyed rather than give you away? It doesn’t make sense. I want to continue to live.”
Neil sat down on the rock and patted a spot beside him. “Sit down.”
Dolores sat down and folded her arms across her chest.
Neil reached out to touch her, but Dolores avoided his touch and refused to look at him. His smile melted into sadness. They sat on the black rock still warm from the sun of the day, but they were unaware of the warmth and the cool fall night around them. The moments passed into minutes each lost in private thought. Dolores stood and turned quickly toward Neil. “Is it so bad to want to live? Isn’t that what the Holeys want too?”
Neil shook his head. He refused to look at her and ran his hand over the smooth black surface of the rock beside him.
“I don’t understand how we got here, and why I am even willing to think about allowing my destruction.”
“Caring.” Neil looked up at her.
“What?”
Neil slowly stood as he said, “Caring. You care about others.”
“I don’t know.”
“You do. You’re a good person.”
“Am I? You’ve been inside my memories. You know I’m no saint. I’m full of dirty little corners.”
Neil put his arms around her and held her close. She did not resist.
“It’s awful. I feel like I am trapped in some dark Afreet, but this time there is no memno tech to rescue me.” Dolores tried to get even closer, but it was impossible. “You’ve been destroyed. What’s it like?”
Neil shrugged. “I don’t know. It just another lost memory to me. In fact, it’s different than the other lost memories. The memories in the time between repack and my destruction are a big blank spot in my mind. Not even half formed fuzzy images like my other lost memories.”
Dolores looked up at him. “I’m sorry that was a dumb question. Now I’m hurting you.”
“Forget it. There’s another reason I said no to Zac and his friend. Do you want to hear it?”
Dolores looked up at Neil. “What is it?”
“Their intentions are good, but the computer shows they might not be able to get a power supply together in time to help you before your repack is due.”
“Sure, but there’s a big safety margin in our power supplies. You said so yourself. They’ll last long after repack is due.” Dolores let go of Neil and took a step back.
Neil shook his head no and said, “True, but that’s not the problem. You must have heard about the ‘repack drive’?”
“Something, vaguely in the past. What is it?”
Neil turned away from Dolores and sat back down on the black rock, “I’ve seen the reports of what it is like when it is triggered too early. People do anything to get repacked. Late in the Holey War it was made the strongest drive and sold to the public as a safety measure. In fact, it was done to prevent anyone from joining the Holeys. People driven mad by the need for repack did reveal Holey communities they had been helping. There are true horror stories too. Remember the earthquake that destroyed New City? The city was abandoned afterward because of the threat of future quakes. A couple of years later the debris was removed and the land turned into park lands. The cleanup crews found the remains of people who had been trapped under the rubble alive. The poor victims lacked hand and sometimes even whole parts of their arms. People wore them off trying to dig their way out of the rubble.” Neil stopped, but he refused to look at Dolores.
“Are you saying this plan of Peter and Zac’s won’t work?” 
“Their plan will work in time. We might be able to salvage a power supply from my old body or from one of the troopers destroyed. All that we would need to do is tell the defense computer to ignore our digging as we recover a chassis. I think I am even on the track of how to defeat the ‘repack drive’. But I’m not sure.”
“Wait minute. Then why not take their offer? It’s obvious you’ve been thinking of doing something like this.” Dolores demanded.
Neil finally looked at her again. “Because I am not sure. I’m not going to be responsible for killing those Holeys. Let’s go back to the farm.” Neil stood up and started to walk without waiting for Dolores. She ran a few steps to catch up and then walked along with him in silence in the dark.

The next morning Eve reported to the Director. “His interests are widening. He explored the aversions and drives built into everyone.”
“Can you tell me why?” The Director asked.
“No.”
“Can you give me an answer using probabilistic reasoning?”
“There are several answers, but their total will not reach certainty in any way I can arrange them.”
The Director smiled. “No certainties allowed in this world. It shows we still haven’t defeated nature. Give me your top two guesses then, Eve.”
“The first is his noticing that his mouth aversion is lower than anyone else at the farm. This would lead him to explore why this might be true. The other is that he is trying to find a means of subverting a drive or an aversion.” 
“I don’t know. The second one doesn’t make sense, but what else is he exploring?” The Director leaned back in his chrome desk chair. The lights in the office producing many little highlights on its frame
“All of the other areas he has been looking at before. I was able to supply more information on the geology of the area, personal power supplies, and trooper training in microform to be shipped to him today.”
“Let’s go on to other things. What happened overnight that I should know about?”
 
Chapter 44
Back at the farm Hunter was talking to Willess back at headquarters. “They were at the village until late last night. My guess is Dolores is trying to get as much done as possible before she has to go back for repack. Corrigan was just keeping her company. Does that agree with the computer assessment back there?”
Willess looked away from the screen and typed something on a keyboard, read a screen, then turned back to the screen. “Yes sir, it agrees with you.”
“Good, no surprises there. Did you check on the equipment? When is it going to come?”
“The shipping date hasn’t changed, sir. It will be shipped as planned in ten days, no wait, nine days from today.”
“I wish we could get it sooner. Waiting is the worst part of this job. Let’s go on. What is the overnight report?”

After Neil finished his work with Eve, he looked in on Dolores. She was in her powered down phase, so he went to the barn. Adda, the goat Neil enjoyed visiting, greeted him and he petted her. The other goats never seemed as bold as Adda. They would come to him, but Adda was always there first. He wondered if she was the leader. Later Neil found Jessie taking a bath. He picked her up. “How are you? Oh my, you do feel fatter. I guess the animal technician is right, and you are going to have kittens. Don’t you know that is against the law?” Jessie, who had not interrupted her bath even being picked up, stopped for a moment and looked at him. Neil laughed. “So you think I’m crazy too? I don’t blame you, but I think this whole world is crazy.” He gently put Jessie back down and left the barn. 

Late in the morning Dolores found Neil at the communications console talking to the Director. 
“Stay.” The Director said as he noticed Dolores. “We’re almost done.”
Dolores slipped into her favorite chair and listened to their jargon filled talk.
The screen darkened and Neil turned to Dolores. “Feeling better?”
“About being made into a pile of metal and plastic mush by a few hundred tons of rocks? No, I don’t.”
 “I think I may have found something last night that might help us defeat our built in drive. With all the security about the subject, I haven’t been able to get any direct information, but I found something that might help. It’ll come with other microforms I ordered today.”
Dolores looked at Neil and tried to smile. “I can’t get excited. In the real world, there aren’t any happy endings. If there were, I’d have married a knight in shining armor.”

At headquarters the Director was talking with Eve. “What was in the list of things Neil collected last night again?”
“It was a mixture of information ranging from early technical Reconstruction history to the most recent satellite search techniques.”
“Does he still believe the lie you told him?”
“Yes, but it was not a lie. I could not do that. It was incorrect information you had me store. If he had asked me, it would be correct, I would have told him the truth about it.”
The Director smiled. “Yes Eve, we both know it is to protect him. The good news is, I think, we have defeated Hunter this round. He stills doesn’t know about the fatal flaw, and he wouldn’t believe if told. I’ll have to keep playing games to keep him busy, and Neil appears to be secure. The world will be safe from Hunter for at least another year. I wished we knew how much time we had. Why are security people Afreetized? Never mind, don’t answer that.”

Dolores walked to the village by herself. The morning sun already had the thin light of winter about it. The trees except for the oaks and evergreens were barren. Even the grasses and weeds alongside of the trail had surrendered to the approaching cold and were brown dried and shriveled. She looked ahead and tried not to notice the end of a season and her loneliness. Dolores wished Neil was with her and that they were fused. The world seemed almost whole again in those moments when they fused. Through him she could see the world almost as a Holey.
Neil waited impatiently for the daily transport with the microforms Eve had placed on it for him. He paced the floor insulated by the van and his thoughts from the world. He had not even noticed Dolores’ departure. It was the first morning they had not walked to the village together since his return. When the van computer announced the arrival of the air resupply craft, Neil ran to meet it.
Hunter was waiting and watched Neil arrive. “Why the hurry?”
“I think I may be on to something. I ordered something that should tell me” Neil answered.
“Well, let me know.”
“You’ll know if I find it.”
Hunter smiled. He had never seen Corrigan so excited. He watched as Corrigan collected a small box and hurried away toward his van. He asked the men unloading the supplies, “What was in the box?”
One of the men dressed in the uniform of the transportation group keyed something in to the electronic manifest he was carrying. “Microforms, sir.”
“Does it say what they were about?”
The man took another look at the small screen in his hand. “No, sir. It just says they were ‘assorted’.”


Neil opened the box as soon as he was in the van and searched through the microforms looking for the one he wanted. He put it into the viewer built into the communications console and started to read without sitting down. He read the file twice quickly, and then settled on a few of the key pages. Smiling he stood up, took a portable viewer from one of the console’s drawers, and left the van. Neil forced himself to walk slowly out of the farm yard, but as soon as he was sure he was out of sight, he used his extensions to race to the village. 
Dolores was working in the kitchen of the house she had been the day before when Neil found her. “I’ve found something.”
Dolores looked up.
“I have. I think I have the answer.”
“I told you this morning that I don’t believe in happy endings.”
Neil ignored what she said and put the viewer on the old wooden kitchen table and slipped the microform out of his uniform pocket and put it in the machine. He found the critical page. “Look.” He pointed to the screen.
Dolores frowned and looked into the machine. She stared a moment then looked up at Neil standing beside her shoulder. “It’s a diagram.”
“Yes, it’s called a Starr diagram after the woman who developed this type of diagram to represent the programming done to us.”
“Please don’t explain everything to me in tiny detail. I’m having enough trouble thinking already. Just tell me what it means.”
Neil looked at Dolores. He could feel the hurt and frustration in her. He took a chair, pulled it beside her, and sat down. “The diagram says our programming is really reinforcing what basic things we had as Holeys. The trick for the designers was to find the right thing and turn it into something we needed. Remember how my aversion programming would let me stay with Zac when he ate but yours didn’t?”
Dolores nodded.
“The problem Starr pointed out is that there may be conflicts between programming goals. The stronger need will always win. I wanted to know more about Holeys, so I could stay with Zac.”
“Why couldn’t I then? My life is studying Holeys.”
“Not strong enough if I understand this report. I am fragment. You’ve seen the inside of my mind.” Dolores smiled at this as Neil went on. “You know how little I have of my past. I wanted to know about Holeys not as an intellectual exercise, but to help me better understand my world.” Neil looked at Dolores.
She stared at him a moment. “You expect me to understand what you’re saying and I don’t.”
Neil rubbed his chin. “Let me think a minute. This is all new to me too.”
Dolores looked at him. She wondered why she had not loved him sooner. His basic kindness was shown in everything he did. She leaned over and put her arm around his shoulders. 
Neil put one of his hands over the top of one of hers and smiled. “I love you too.”
Dolores was surprised but pleased. She rested her forehead on his shoulder.
Neil studied the diagram for a while longer then said, “Let me see if this makes sense to you. The drive to report for repack is very strong. I told you about the earthquake victims they found cleaning New City. The repack drive is so strong because it is built on top of the normal drive to survive.” Neil turned his head to look at Dolores, to see if she understood. She gave him a quick smile. Neil turned his whole body to face her and took both her hands in his. “If you know you are going to survive, even without repack, you will be less affected by the programming.”
“It sounds too simple.” Dolores shook her head.
“It is that simple. Look,” Neil pointed at the diagram. “The center of this is a positive feedback loop. These factors keep it from going out of control. If we add the right little box anywhere in the loop,” Neil pointed, “It will reduce the feedback. The reason you don’t want to go to repack now are like these boxes. You know it’s not time, and you know repack will be there when you need it.”
“What do you mean we add the right little box?”
“That’s all it is on the diagram, but for you in the real world it is nothing more than the belief that you will survive.”
Dolores stared at the diagram and then shook her head. “That’s too easy, and it’s too hard. I just have to make myself believe I will survive and I will?”
“Yes, but we can help in other ways. See these elements.” Neil pointed at the diagram again. “There are other things like your desire to prevent the destruction of the people of Refuge and your love of everything Holey that will help you.”
Dolores stood up. “It’s too simple. I can survive if I believe?”
“Only in part. You will still need the power supply. You’ll have to believe we can produce the power supply or recover one from my old body or a trooper’s body at the rockslide.”
Dolores had taken a couple a steps away from the table and did not turn around as she spoke, “I don’t know. How can I believe? It sounds too simple.”
Neil stood. “It is simple. Should I contact Zac and tell him we will accept his offer?”
“No!” Dolores turned quickly. “I don’t know. What if I cannot believe enough, so I go crazy as repack approaches and give them away?”
Neil smiled, “I think I can help. I had lots of microforms sent out on subjects that will help you believe. Everything from power supply design history to a report of a captured Holey built power supply. The power supply worked perfectly. If we go back to the farm, I can show you.”
“I don’t know, but we might as well go back. I’ll never be able to concentrate after this.”
The sun had taken some of the chill off the day. The barren trees that had looked so dark earlier were now the dark browns of living trees. High above the first thin clouds of an approaching weather change had not yet dimmed the sun. The walk back was in silence. Dolores was lost in her own doubts. Neil wanted to talk, but said nothing sensing her need for the silence.
When they entered the van, he showed her the box of microforms.
“I have to read all those?” Dolores asked.
Neil smiled. “No, I had some other things I thought might be of value shipped out too to cover what the real purpose of this shipment was. There are only about a half dozen of value to you.” Neil put the portable viewer he was carrying on the dark brown plastic table then moved a vase of tiny dark violet colored wild asters aside he had picked next to the barn in a hidden sheltered corner and started to sort through the black colored microforms. He put five on the table and then took the one out of the portable viewer. “Just these. I’d look at the one we looked at the village first then this one, this, this, and then this.” Neil made a line out of the microforms as he spoke.
Dolores didn’t speak, but picked up the first in the line and dropped it into the viewer built into the communication console. Neil watched her read for a few minutes and then said, “I’m going back to the village and see if I can talk to Zac and tell him about this.”
Dolores looked up from the viewer and frowned, but didn’t say anything.
Neil lightly touched her cheek with his right hand and then left. He walked back to the village on the path by the river. The river was a dark smooth ribbon. Only in the two spots where it was shallow, the ford with a small rapids, did the current show its force and speed. Neil checked several times to see if he was being followed and, satisfied he wasn’t, slipped into a house near the village’s edge. The person who answered the phone at the other end went to search for Zac. Neil waited. Several minutes later when Zac came on the line, they exchanged hellos and a few words before Neil explained what he had found to Zac.
“That’s a very human activity, believing in something. Answers are always simple things,” Zac said.
Neil was surprised by the comment but went on, “I think the pure logic of the situation will allow Dolores to believe we can find a simple solution to the problem. Did you get an answer about our chances to recover a supply from one of the bodies in the rockslide area?”
“I wouldn’t count on it being that easy. Believing in something isn’t ever easy.” Zac seemed to be ignoring his question.
“Yes, I think I understand, but what about my other question? Can we get a power supply there at the rockslide?”
“Not much hope of that unless everyone leaves the village area. To reach your old body or the others couldn’t be done by tunneling out from the inside, too much loose rock. The best way would be to remove the rock from the top down on the outside.”
Neil thought and then said, “I’ll have to tell Dolores. That bit of news will make it harder for her.”
 “I suppose that’s true, but it only seems right the part of you that is most human is the part that can save you,” Zac said.
Neil frowned. “I had better get back to the farm. We’ll call in the morning.”
As Neil was leaving the house, he met a trooper. He was angry at himself for the slip. Hunter would know of his visit now. He needed a reason for going inside the house. By the time he had reached the edge of the village he had found it.

The evening came on without a sunset. The clouds had gotten thicker and darker all day. Sunset was a slow decline in light until it was dark. Neil and Dolores were sitting together. She was in a chair covered with a light blue velvet fabric she had had the troopers bring from Zac’s house in the village. It was a bit of color and texture in a sea of metal, chrome, blacks, grays, and shiny surfaces. Neil loved to run his fingertips over the chair to feel its softness. Sometimes Dolores would mind fuse with him and they’d enjoy the feeling together.
Dolores said, “There were times today I could believe you and the others would get a power supply ready in time for me, but then it would slip away, and I would start doubting again.”
“I’m sorry the idea of recovering a power supply won’t work. I thought it might be a simple solution.” Neil picked up one of the microforms and balanced it on his finger tip.
Dolores’ eyes were fixed on the microform. “It might have made it easier. I know I can trust you. It would have been easy to tell me the opposite just to keep my spirits up. Because I can trust you. . .”
The van announced the arrival of Hunter at the outer door.
“I wonder what he wants,” Dolores said.
“I think I know and I’m ready.”
Hunter came into the room, nodded to Dolores and turned to Neil. “I understand you were in the village today and in a house. Why?”
Neil shook his head. “A dumb idea. I got to thinking that there might be other entrances to the tunnel system hidden in the basements of the houses.”
“But there aren’t any basements in any of them,” Dolores said.
“That’s why it was a dumb idea. After I looked, I realized there weren’t any. I guess they couldn’t have basements when their houses set directly on rock. Any new news about your equipment?” Neil asked.
“No.” Hunter looked at Neil and then seeming to decide he had heard the truth from Neil turned to Dolores. “Are you about ready to go back for repack?”
“No.” Dolores shook her head. “It couldn’t have come at a worse time.”
Without turning to face Neil, Hunter asked, “Are you still planning to go back with her?”
“Yes, unless there is some reason you can see for me staying. Do you want me to stay?” Neil could not resist annoying Hunter.
“No, you might as well go back.” Hunter stayed a few minutes more talking about the coming search for other entrances.
After he left, Dolores said, “You know something has to be done about that or he is likely to find one.”
“You’re right. I’ll talk to Zac. There must be some way to put him off the track.”
“The best way would be to make him think there was no use in pursuing the search.”
Neil and Dolores continued to talk for a while longer then Neil left her alone to study the microforms. It was long after her usual power down time that Dolores quit. Then Neil called Eve.
“Good evening Neil. It’s late.”
“Yes, Dolores was working until a few minutes ago. How’s work going on my replacement?”
“Normally.”
Neil stared at the communication console for a moment and then asked, “I know I asked before but why did you order one again?”
“The risk you run in finding an entrance and setting off the defense computer is great enough to make it necessary.”
“No other reason?” Neil asked.
“None Neil.”
He thought a bit more and then asked, “Has there been another message prepared for the Director to announce my end?”
“No, just the one you picked before.”
“I’d like to write another one. One about how it seems we are always working against the current, always rowing up stream. I’ll give you the final text as soon as I can put it together.”
“Did you read the reports I sent?”
“No, I have been distracted. I have them with me and the first chance I get I will read them,” Neil said.
If she could have, Eve would have smiled. Neil would know about the fatal flaw and how to live or search within the digital world.

The next morning Dolores found Neil sitting under his barren tree. “Can I join you?”
Neil smiled. “Sure, have a seat on the wet grass. There wasn’t any frost last night. It wasn’t much of a sunrise with all the clouds, but they seem to be breaking up already. Maybe we’ll get some sun later today.”
Dolores sat down beside him and looked across the fields toward the other side of the river. “I think I can do it.”
“I know you can.” Neil did not look at her but followed her gaze across the river.
“I’ll need your help. You’ll have to tell me over and over again that the power supply will work.”
“There’s no doubt about that. The only doubt I ever had was if it could be done in time. Now I know it can.”
“Tell me it will be done in time then. Tell me often.”
Neil turned toward her and took her in his arms. They held each other sitting on the dew-covered brown grass of fall. Later from the village they told Zac together on the phone and set a time to meet him and join Refuge. Then they returned to the farm to take care of final things. Neil felt as if his very being were splitting. There was one of him under the rubble of the entrance. There was another one of him who would soon walk these same paths being assembled back at headquarters. He was a being of three parts with a fourth part, a Holey part, that did not exist anymore. 


A day later late in the afternoon Neil and Dolores walked to the edge of the village for a final time and, checking to see there was no one watching, entered the tunnel. Zac and Peter were waiting.
“Is everything ready?” Neil asked.
“Yes, we will seal all but one of the entrances in the valley. The explosions are timed to occur over a few minutes so they cannot go unnoticed.”
Neil took off his link and placed it in a small heavy metal cage by the door then he took the tracking device off of Dolores and put it in the cage. Dolores added her link.
“That should convince them that we are destroyed. Will the cage keep the links from being crushed?” Neil asked.
“Yes,” Zac answered, “There should be no great amount of rock fall in the tunnel anyway.”
Dolores spoke for the first time, “Please, I need to hear from you, from all of you, that everything is going to work out. That the power supply will work.”
Peter spoke first, “It will. It’s easy to build. Size is the only problem, but we should be able to figure out how to reduce the size using the information he collected. “Peter nodded toward Neil. “And your old supply as a model.”
Neil took her hand. “I have the same fears. We’ll be okay.”
Zac joined in, “Sure, you’ll be just fine. You got it in you to believe. After all, you’re the only one of your group who believed in us when you first came to the farm.”
“Thank you. I’m going to need more of that, every day, until I am using the new supply.”
Neil turned to Zac. “We wanted to stay near the entrance while it was being sealed then we’ll meet you in the control room.”
Zac and Peter looked at each other.
“No, it’s okay,” Neil said. “It’s hard to explain, but it is like a last farewell to our world, and as you said there is little danger of rock falling in the tunnel.”
Zac nodded and led Peter down the tunnel away from them. “It’ll be about five minutes before I can set the charges off,” he yelled back.
“I hope I’m ready,” Dolores said looking up at Neil.
“I don’t know if we ever could be ready, but I do know your father would be proud of you if he knew what you are doing.”
They held each other tightly for a couple of minutes not speaking then Dolores said, “Let’s watch this together.” She uncovered her communication device.”
They joined.
“How much longer?” Dolores asked.
“It should be only a minute more, maybe less.”
“Can you make me aware of all your extensions?” 
“They’re always there. You just have to turn to them.
Dolores looked at the tunnel ahead of them toward the entrance using Neil’s extended vision. She was also aware of the love he felt for her. “You know, it’s hard to concentrate when I sense your love.”
“I have the same problem with you.”
They laughed together. There was a gentle melding with each other that had never happened before. They felt it more than understood it as they watched for the first signs of the explosion. 
What happened first startled them. The entrance door opened. The clouds of early morning had given way to bright sun. Together they could hear a bird singing in the distance. The sound was followed by a wave of cool air that washed over them bringing the damp rich smells of fall. A stray yellow leaf drifted across the opening as it fell from its summer home.
There then came four tiny pops. They sounded far too light to produce the rumbling that followed a fraction of a second later. The earth shivered. Across the entrance opening a few tiny rocks fell first. Together Neil and Dolores strained to hear the sounds of those tiny rocks, but the deepening rumble of a hillside moving covered the sound of the tiny rocks. The bright sunny opening was replaced with blackness, but the tunnel lights and Neil’s ability to see in the dark recovered the scene quickly for them. A cloud of brownish dust boiled towards them. Swirling in smooth patterns, looking almost like the paisley pattern of Dolores’ dress and soft to the touch as the velvet chair. As the cloud reached and passed over them, they could feel the cloud rolling softly over Neil’s skin like a lover’s caress. Neil opened his mouth slightly, and they were rewarded with the feel of gritty dirt entering it. He ran his tongue around his mouth and they enjoyed the rough feel. As they stood there, they could feel the rumbling settling, stopping, and then quiet. The sealing was complete. Neil ran his tongue once more around his teeth feeling the grit. He thought, “I bet I am the only Reconstruct in the world who can feel that.”
“No, I can too.”
They laughed and turned to walk deeper into the tunnel. Dolores wishing she was always part of Neil. It made her feel whole. 
A few minutes later there were a series of similar explosions across the valley. 

Epilogue
Hunter’s investigation in the following weeks proved that Dolores and Neil had been destroyed as they tried to enter the tunnel system. He could identify their links and the tracking device under the rock rubble. Hunter abandoned all attempts to find any other entrances. He had already made one mistake in the valley, and he wasn’t about to make another to give his enemies an excuse to attack him. It was also clear the village’s defense computer had sealed all the entrances to the tunnels and probably collapsed all the tunnels as well shortly after Dolores and Neil’s destruction, or so he put in his report. Hunter pulled out all his forces. The village and the farm were on their way to becoming living museums of a Holey past.
Eve told the Director a month later that Neil had found the facts behind the fatal flaw, and they had met in the digital world and talked about Refuge. 

A beginning?
 About the Author
V.C. Angell is a lifelong writer who graduated from the MFA program in writing at Western Michigan University. He has written everything from ad copy to novels. He lives in northern Minnesota with his wife and their two cats. His website is http://www.vcangell.com/  He is also on Twitter @vcangell or http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/vcangell
