VONTAURA
VOLUME II OF THE GILAXIAD

By
JAMES C. DUNN


Vontaura
Volume Two of the Gilaxiad
Copyright 2013 James C. Dunn
Smashwords Edition

Cover Image: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy and discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support. This is a work of fiction. All characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

ISBN-13: 978-1493570850
ISBN-10: 1493570854

Give feedback on the book at:
gilaxiad@gmail.com


CONTENTS

Synopsis

Part 1    Home Not Home
Part 2    Blood of the Alignment
Part 3    The Greater Threat
Part 4    Something is Coming

SYNOPSIS
THE STORY SO FAR


Vontaura is the second volume in the tale of The Gilaxiad.

THE IÁSTRON RACE

Volume I, Iástron, began with the fall of the Jovian moon Europa and with it the apparent destruction of the powerful-yet-misunderstood Iástron race: a grouping of meta-humans living in isolation from the rest of humanity. Fifty years later and darkness had crept back into the Four Systems of Sol, Proxima, Accentauria, and Accentaurib.

THE TITANESE GUARD-IN-TRAINING

Anna Berenguer was a young woman with dreams. Or, rather, nightmares. Tutored by her mentor, Callista – the sole remaining Iástron on Titan – she wished for nothing more than to become an elite Guard. When this dream was crushed, Anna left Titan with her sister Gílana and best friend Jon. However, things went from bad to worse and they quickly found themselves in the middle of a warzone. Following the death of Jon to the Crilshan assassin known as Gordian, Anna and Gílana were watched over on the vessel Stellarstream by Captain Diego Ferranti. It was on board the Stellarstream’s destination of the far outpost Aurora that Anna’s fate caught up with her.

THE RUNAWAY CAPTAIN

Antal Justus was a wanted man. A runaway from Earth. We met Justus and his crew of the Crimson Flux at the invasion of Rotavar and destruction of its moon. After losing one of his friends in the invasion, Justus left his crew and took the invitation of a stranger who offered an escape from the guilt. Little did he know of the real reason for the invitation. Justus quickly found himself in a far star system, inside a black-rock moon, orbiting the lightning planet Tempest-Beta. A secret very few knew, for within the black-rock moon called Erebus was an unimaginable life form, dark and evil. The scientists within Erebus had plans for the creature, and so sent Justus to the far outpost Aurora to capture the participants required. There he found Anna and the crew of the Stellarstream.

THE GENERAL

General Ruben Berenguer should have retired from leading Titan’s armies, not trying to combat the rise of the powerful world Crilshar, intent on the removal of the Systemal Alignment – especially Titan. His efforts to uncover the mystery of Erebus, the Weapon to Destroy Worlds, which he believed Crilshar had attained, were also fruitless. When his nieces, Anna and Gílana, disappeared during the destruction of outpost Aurora, he was torn between his duty and his heart. He nevertheless led the forces of Titan and its allies against the molten planet Crilshar in an attempt to stop the Dark Race and discover his family’s fate. But a great power was waiting for him in the caverns of Crilshar. The dark Iástron, Marrak Malizar, destroyer of the Iástron moon Europa, had set a trap. But so had Ruben Berenguer.

EREBUS

After Aurora, Justus brought a captive Anna, Gílana, and Ferranti back to Erebus. There the cruel professor Xerin Kramer, believing Justus to be a Iástron and a threat, sent he, Anna, and Ferranti down into the centre of Erebus, thinking it would kill them. Kramer kept Gílana after realising she was pregnant. Trapped and without hope, they were not going to die without a fight. Justus led Anna and Ferranti deep into the alien moon in order to find another way out, but they quickly found themselves separated. Justus and Ferranti lost their way and roused an army of evil from within the bowels of Erebus, while Anna discovered a force, pure darkness, at its centre when she placed an alien bracelet over her wrist.
It was only because of Anna and the silver-black bracelet which had bound itself to her that they escaped. In a confrontation with Kramer, Peter Marx, the founder of the Iástron race, revealed himself. But Kramer took Anna and Gílana down to the lightning planet below. Justus and the other survivors followed, and they all bore witness to the awakening of the Zinn – dark, alien creatures who revived Erebus, not a moon but an ancient vessel. In battle with a terrifying creature, Peter Marx was left behind.
Volume I ended with the destruction of the lower caverns of Crilshar; with Ruben Berenguer’s sacrifice in a desperate bid to destroy the dark Dishan Family and the wicked Iástron, Marrak Malizar. Upon Erebus and the lightning planet beneath, we left the survivors struggling with the loss of the Iástrons’ founder, Peter Marx; with the reality of their discovery of a malevolent alien presence; and the revelation that both Anna and Justus had received echoes of Peter Marx’s gift, finding themselves newborn members of the re-emerging Iástron race. The mystery of the Gilaxiad, revealed by the alien Zinn to be a dark prophecy, was left unsolved. Anna and Justus are separated, the Four Systems divided. A greater shadow threatens everything and everyone that lives.
This second volume, Vontaura, tells the tale of the survivors of Erebus, Antal Justus’ journey to planet Earth, and the unfolding battle for the Four Systems.


I

HOME NOT HOME


ONE




SILENCE AND DARKNESS clung to the black vessel Thanatus. Icy stillness hung in the air. A dark-veiled woman stood over her pilots as they approached the looming planet’s lustrous skies. Her head hung low as the smouldering sphere surfaced in the distance, the craft’s engines slowing through a flustering howl. She adjusted her patterned veil, breathed out slowly. The tremor swelled beneath. She sensed its haunting rhythm, a palpitating opus ringing through her mournful seams. She felt her own warm blood, twisting and curving like the molten rivers meandering across the ever-shifting face of the world long known as Crilshar. Glimpsing the eclipsed outline of a shadowed region of the world, she breathed a sigh of anguish.
Around the craft in which she stood, spiked barrage-vessels fell and hovered, orbiting above and across the surface, one memorable night of the Alignment year 4262. Dozens led her down into the dark atmosphere. Breaking through the toxic cloud line. Black smoke glowed molten red in the heavens, reaching up and covering the world like night. The craft continued on, past lava pits and black-mountain peaks until familiar structures appeared in the distance.
She did not wait to arrive at the Crilshan base. Twisting through the craft she ignored the silver-masked men watching her pass. Lean and tall, she surpassed all on board. She spent several seconds examining her reflection in a mirror on the way to the rear egress. The black velvet veil draped across her face covered her entire countenance. No filthy Crilshan would look upon her face while she was here.
‘Six minutes, Mistress Sudana,’ her captain called, back along the walkway.
She sighed again, heart beating faster as she activated a viewing block beside her. From it she could discern their whereabouts, and the molten canyons beneath grew wider, wide enough for the Thanatus to descend. And so down they headed. She watched with bated breath as they followed unpredictable tunnelling strips the armies were working on. Deeper and deeper they mined, farther below while burning air surfaced on the way to the Dishan throne room.
Sudana had never before conceded the necessity for prayer. A ridiculous practise, valued by few, it had crept up on her in recent days. Three had passed since the Alliance of the Four attempted to invade Crilshar. Three days since Sudana had heard the news and set out from Earth at once. No idea what to expect. What to do. How to prepare.
The craft slowed to a halt, breaking down upon a rocky platform. Down the extending access ramp and out through the cold, dark channel beneath, Sudana watched through her veil the Crilshan sentries marching around her. A brief flash of her left wrist, the mark of her order’s Moon and Triangle enough to maintain their obedience.
‘This way, mistress.’
‘Your work here is done?’
‘Almost.’
‘Who is in charge?’
‘We three are what is left of the middle command.’
‘And the higher?’
He gave no answer.
‘Where are the Dishan?’ she asked. ‘Where is my Córonat?’
‘In the throne room at the time of the attack.’
‘Take me there.’
‘Nay. The throne room is gone. Crushed.’
A void filled her stomach. ‘But you are attempting to reach them. The mines are back behind us,’ she said, realising how far from the hollows they had trudged. ‘Why have you brought me this way?’
Again she received no reply, and one armed gubar raised a thin finger, directing her ahead. There was no talking to these creatures. Before them stood a heavy door, engraved with wrought iron moulds resembling dark, legendary creatures found only in the myths of the deepest caverns. Several Crilshan soldiers stood before it, and they tensed up as they saw her approach. Her escort stopped, signalled for the door to be opened.
The guards activated the door. It moved aside . . .
The symposium within stirred, disturbingly quiet. Old, elevated candles set on dark spires lined the rounded circumference, while at the other end a crackling fire beckoned her over. She moved in; the door closed behind. Three men – two of which were Crilshan, the third she could not see – sat to the left of the hearth on tall-backed chairs. On the floor before the fire lay a body, small and still. To the right was set a single chair. In it sat an elderly man. She walked forward.
‘Stop!’ called a voice, and it sprang back off the smooth walls, encircling her in a familiar flourish of strength.
Her heart stopped.  Sudana fell to her knees. ‘My lord . . .’
‘Mistress,’ said Lord Malizar. ‘Come to me.’
She was before him, shifting along upon her knees as though her feet could no longer carry her weight. ‘My lord?’ She looked up into his face amid the firelight. His eyes were sunken, his lips dry, his back hunched, physical trace of a significant effort, an excess of energy which had obviously weakened his body almost completely. His head rested in his hand, eyes closed.
She could hardly speak. ‘I feared the worst. But you . . . survived.’
‘Survived,’ he said. ‘Endured. Lived to tell the tale. Call it what you will. I am here.’
‘But . . . how? The Crilshan gubars said the throne room was crushed . . . that you were all . . . that you had died.’
An unreserved jeer sounded from one of the chairs beside. Sudana looked across at the Crilshan to blame. Wivartha Dishan, commander of the legions of Crilshar, sat back with one leg over the other, hands clasped on the knee joint. He sneered with a foul expression.
‘Something to say, Wivartha?’ she said.
‘Nothing to you.’
‘And I shall hope not.’ Malizar opened his eyes and stared at the Dishan. ‘You fail to remember I dismissed you from my immediate service. Your nephew will speak to me on your behalf now.’
Beside Wivartha the second Crilshan stirred. Yux Dishan. Sudana had not seen the younger man before. Though not too young to hold company, Crilshar’s High Lord gave the impression of a child at odds with a parent: maladjusted, quiet, and out of sync with the room.
‘Yux Dishan is High Lord, Wivartha. You bow to him, you bow to me, and you bow to my mistress.’
The smile melted from Wivartha’s mouth. Sudana smirked and turned back to her master. ‘How? How did you survive?’
‘The explosion,’ Malizar said, ‘detonated by General Ruben Berenguer and his band of Titanese traitors, was designed to bury us, to crush us all in the Dishan throne room.’ He breathed in with difficulty, chest rising before it filled fully with the bitter-warm air. ‘What he did not anticipate was a man of my ability . . . of my power. I alone held the mass of rock and earth at bay for all of three days. Long enough for the Crilshan forces still above to hollow out a channel and locate us.’
‘And it has weakened you tremendously.’ She alone could escape pointing out such a fact.
‘Not for long, mistress.’
A whimper from the body lay sprawled on its front before the fire reminded the group that it was there. Its arm moved an inch.
‘Edgar,’ Malizar said. ‘Get our guest up. I am ready now.’
The figure which had been sitting beside Yux and Wivartha Dishan moved at once. He clambered down and shuffled forward upon his knees. She knew who this man was: Edgar Mokrikov. Once prime minister of the desert world Rotavar. The weak, pathetic weasel. Worm snake. Sewer rat. He whimpered as he reached the body and turned it over. A young man, she thought. Mid-twenties.
‘Lift him up and bring him to me.’ Her master sat up in the chair and watched Mokrikov drag the boy across, snivelling as he did so. Malizar smiled at the terror on the paralyzed boy’s face. ‘Do you know who this is, mistress?’
‘A Rotavarian, my lord, by the looks of him.’
‘Would you like to tell her, Edgar? No? This, Sudana, is Chief Aleksey Vasily of the old Rotavarian defence. He brought me Ruben Berenguer. Unfortunately for him, he also decided to betray me. You have seen for yourself that such a decision never ends well . . . for him.’
‘He brought you the general? So Berenguer is also dead?’
Mokrikov stood now, holding the boy’s body up. His eyes were wide with fear, while Mokrikov’s were closed, tears seeping from them nonetheless.
‘Ruben Berenguer is indeed long gone.’ He glanced at Yux. ‘The High Lord has seen to it that the body be destroyed, the general’s legend now nought but dust.’
‘And Maxim, I mean . . . Ximma?’
‘She chose to keep her allegiance, as so many of our Iástron children have, with her own world, not her own people. Do not be disappointed, mistress. Your old friend’s echo of immortality will not prevent a lifetime of exile in the bowels of the Retani prison moon Hellfire. For that is where she will remain.’
Malizar leaned across and wrapped his hands around the neck of Aleksey Vasily. Mokrikov’s eyes tightened, tears pouring down his cheeks as he held the boy forward. She knew that Mokrikov’s echoed talent of repair would not work for Malizar. But the Dark Lord had his own way of healing himself. Vasily burned blood red, spluttering and writhing as the life was forced from his body.
The old man before her stood tall and strong as he took this life and found his energy once more. Within seconds the body fell to the ground, Mokrikov collapsed back on his hands and knees, while Lord Malizar breathed out a cold, formidable breath which sent a chill down the spines of Sudana and the two Crilshans. She suppressed a shudder as he sat once again, no longer frail and verging on death.



*   *   *

Everybody waited tautly until he spoke again. And when he did, he seemed, if it were possible, more formidable than before, with a presence greater in ferocity and an air more crushing than the gravitational might of a Type One planet.
Malizar stood. He gazed down at Sudana and drifted the length of the room. ‘Come, mistress. Walk with me.’ He looked back at Yux, Wivartha, and Mokrikov. ‘You three as well.’
The five moved along a walkway, bordered on one side completely with a clear, synthetic casement. Not a word was spoken. Outside could be seen the walls of the subterranean canyon in which the quarters were to be found. The adjacent room was as large as the preceding space, but from it hung an unyielding gallery hollowed out of the rock and lined with polished metal. The vista was truly incredible: in the distance descended a burning wall of molten rock, a weir of black-orange plunging into the magma-course flowing far below.
Malizar stepped out onto the gallery first, Sudana by his side. Yux and Wivartha watched proudly at the power of their world, while Mokrikov skulked at the back.
To the Dishan he said, ‘How many legions have you left, beneath, upon, and above this world?’
‘Enough to submit to your will, my lord. And to do what it is you desire,’ Wivartha said.
Malizar ignored him and looked at Yux.
‘I . . . give my uncle permission to speak on my behalf . . . as commander,’ the young man said.
Malizar proceeded as though he hadn’t spoken. ‘I want numbers before I leave here. Is that understood?’
‘Absolutely, my lord.’
‘We must move quickly.’ The Dark Lord paced now, only his silhouette visible against a backdrop of brilliant flame. ‘We must exploit the victory we have gained. Our methods must intensify.’ He halted. ‘I will prevail.’
‘What of the Retani warships?’ Sudana asked. She had witnessed many still in orbit above the planet.
‘They will be put to use. They are now under Crilshan command, further strength beside the Proximan war machine. Retani Iraan will return to the Retani tri-peninsula and supersede his father, with the purpose of entering the Dishan Alliance and supplying additional forces.
‘The time has come to take the Alignment worlds. You have abundant forces, even with the loss of the lower caverns.’
Wivartha bowed. ‘Yes, my Córonat. Our generals are spread throughout the Four Systems. The orders will be dispatched immediately. Every last blockade will become an invasion.’
‘Enustine and its imperial legions will ultimately prove no match for this new Dishan Alliance,’ Malizar advised. ‘However, do not underestimate them. By all means disperse your forces accordingly, but leave the largest force for Enustine.’
‘I will conduct the invasion myself,’ Wivartha said.
‘One more thing,’ Malizar said.
‘Anything, my Córonat.’
‘You remember what I told you all, before Ruben Berenguer attempted to kill us? You remember what I told you of what remains of the Iástron race?’
‘The Iástron children,’ Yux said. ‘You want us to kill the remaining Iástron children. Those you took from Europa and planted around the Systems.’
‘They are still out there. You will kill them.’
‘Consider it done,’ Wivartha said. ‘The Crilshan armies are at your disposal . . . should you grant us one thing.’
‘What?’
‘Titan.’ His hands bunched into fists.
Malizar lifted his head and with a wave of his hand granted the request. ‘Without its general, Titan is no threat. Do with her as you please. Now go. Leave me and Sudana alone.’
Yux and Wivartha Dishan bowed and left the metal gallery. Mokrikov loitered in the corner, overlooked by all.
Sudana waited in silence to hear her own part in the ceaseless crusade. Beneath her veil she could feel sweat from her brow. The rest of her face was dead, the tissue frozen.
She had been merely a child when her home was lost. None were ready when Europa fell. All were sleeping in their beds. The master, the man whose name they would no longer say, had abandoned them. But not Marrak Malizar. He alone had gathered the survivors and as many children as could be collected, and he saved them from death.
In spite of his actions many of those who survived had already been dealt a mortal blow. Sudana had been fortunate. Some fingers and toes had been lost; ears malformed; a portion of her scalp blackened, no longer able to nurture the auburn hair she had borne as an infant. She had even lost her nose, an injury she could never let go. Sudana had been fortunate. Many more had not.
The heat did not appear to affect the old man before her, seventy years old at least. She could understand that from him, but how the indigenous people lived like this, she could not imagine. The molten planet was rivalled in heat and volatility only by Io, moon of Jupiter, in the First System of Sol, and two planets of the system Crulux, in a region of space man once attempted to colonise.
The silence did not last. She decided she would wait no longer for her lord to speak. ‘What comes next?’ she asked, stepping forward.
‘You recall the Crilshans’ mission, the next stage of our design?’
‘The removal of all rivals from within the Order of the Allied Moon.’
‘We will begin with our friend from Bravoral: Lord Augustus Di-sak. He has been useful to us so far. But his worth has expired. The others too. Kind-Queen Aethisia will be buried beneath Samos.’ He said the words and did not blink. The children she had grown up with. The children she watched dispersed among the Alignment, while she remained with her master. Faithful. Fortunate.
It was decided. The time had come. The time he had spoken of for so many years. The time she had dreamt of for most of her life. ‘You spoke of the power of Enustine, my lord. Our agent—’
‘Will be disposed of just the same, even though they failed to gain upmost authority.’
He leaned in and lifted her veil. She fought the impulse to pull it back down; the feeling of helpless nudity forced her to look away. His hand touched her neck. She smiled as she could, in her own way. As always, Malizar was not disturbed, and he kissed her on the cheek. She only wished she could feel it.
‘Forget it all, mistress. For now you must focus your efforts elsewhere. I have a task for you. Something unique. To replace an old friend.’
‘Anything you ask,’ she said. ‘Where will you go?’
‘I will return to Earth.’ He glanced behind them. ‘Mokrikov will accompany me.’ With that he took her arm gently, and gazing at her eyes lowered the dark veil back across her frozen face. ‘The Systems are falling to us, Sudana. Now Earth will too.’


TWO




ANNA BERENGUER WOKE with a burning flash. She gasped in the cold expanse of the Titanese vessel Stellarstream. The viewing centre was empty, but for the single shape of the young woman as she sat alone. A camera set in the corner of the ceiling panned across the three separate levels which made up the gazing point. The steady ticking of auto-programmed equipment echoed across the room.
The sound of footsteps did not carry. Anna sat upright, turned, and looked up at the old woman, who with soft feet and cautious breath had crept up behind her. They gazed at each other without a word, and the old Iástron sat beside her silently.
‘Callista, it’s only you.’
‘Who were you expecting?’
‘At this time? No one.’
Together they looked up at the viewing centre projection, which relayed an image from the front of the ship. A planet rose before them. It was burning.
‘It’s Enustine,’ Callista said. ‘Don’t worry, we’re still a great distance from the planet. Captain Ferranti thought we could head there and find safety. He was wrong. Enustine has already fallen.’
‘It’s Crilshar,’ Anna said.
‘Yes. Yes, it is.’
‘What now then?’
‘We continue on, child. To Titan. To home.’
‘Home,’ she said.
‘You’ve hardly moved since I left you. It’s been days. Your sister needs you.’
Anna angled her head and looked down at her wrist, wrapped in a band of black and silver. Its hold had only gained since they had left the nightmare behind. It served as a bitter reminder of what she had seen back there; of what she had heard and discovered.
‘I used to dream,’ Anna said. ‘Every night. Horrible dreams usually. You know, I’ve not dreamt since Erebus. Since I put this on.’
‘Anna?’
She looked at Callista. ‘Okay. I’m ready. Is my sister awake?’
‘Awake and grumpy. She’s been asking for you.’


Neither Anna nor Callista spoke as they headed down to the medical bay. Anna had been in a state of contemplation since Erebus. Since she had learned of her connection with Peter Marx and the echoed power she had received from him. But mostly since she had discovered her missing father’s part in the horrific things that had taken place there.
There would have been a time, not long ago, when such a sequence of events would have excited her. The thought of confrontation and peril had always come hand-in-hand with adventure and gallantry when she had read daring tales of history’s heroes and villains. But now, faced with uncertainty, the realisation that her life would never again be safe and simple set in.
‘Annie!’ her younger sister cried when she and Callista entered the medical bay. ‘What took you so long?’
‘Hello, sis.’ Anna sat on the bed beside her. ‘How are the two of you?’
‘Still doing well,’ Gílana said, rubbing her tummy. ‘Callista’s been checking on me every day. She knew it was a boy!’
‘Of course I did,’ said the old woman, sitting down in a nearby chair.
Anna smiled and held out a hand to her sister’s womb. ‘Have you thought of a name?’
‘Not yet.’
‘Plenty time for that,’ Callista said.
Gílana grinned. ‘Are we nearly home?’
‘Not yet, sis. We’re still in Accentaurib. About a week left, I reckon.’
‘Oh well. At least you came to see me at last. I’m going mad down here! There’s only so many things to read in this place. And you know how I hate to read!’
‘Yes, you’ve made that clear for the last sixteen years.’
They laughed. Callista peered over one of the book-mags, raised an eyebrow, and continued reading.
Anna told Gílana the news about Enustine, about Crilshar, about what they would do when they arrived home. But Anna could not picture home. The image of Enustine burned behind her eyes. A planet burning. A city burning. A people burning.


THREE




AT THAT MOMENT, as Anna pictured the projected image of Enustine’s demise, as she imagined the burning fate of the Enusti people, the Empress of Enustine felt the flames upon her very skin.
Adelaide Abacco walked slowly along the stone rampart of her palace as though no enemy was closing in. But the Crilshan hordes were out there. They had entered the palace. And they were coming. Her husband, the Emperor, walked beside her. Only she could see him.
‘The claws of Crilshar are long,’ he said.
She paid him no heed.
‘Ruben Berenguer has suffered defeat. His invasion of Crilshar failed. Listen to me, my love! Lord Di-sak of Mar-Andra died two nights ago. Kind-Queen Aethisia is also dead. Lines of communication with Samos are gone. Accentaurib will be taken.’
‘You are not really here,’ she said. ‘Not here. Leave me.’
‘Rotavar is burning, Adelaide! Contact with Accentauria is lost. Our people are dying. I am dead.’
‘Then why do I still see you?’
‘Because you are special, my one and only.’
‘You cannot help me now, darling. Leave me.’
She stopped and gazed from the stone window. Rain glanced off her white-painted face, merging with warm tears, and filtering down the azure dress which embraced her body as though fearful itself. A light from above struck the misty peaks in the distance. Night for a second became day and a wave of unparalleled heat tore through Enustine’s greatest city.
‘Do not do this!’ the Emperor cried. ‘Do not give yourself to them!’
Adelaide Abacco – Countess of Zade, wife to the late Emperor, and Empress of the Empire of Enustine – strode away calmly, down the stone rampart, bordered by snarling beasts of burden. She continued through a countless tally of ghastly chimeras, until she stood firmly in the entryway of her palace hall. Bodies crept within. None answered to her.
‘Find yourself somebody else to sneer at, creature!’ she told the brute eyeing her hungrily from his position against the wall. ‘I shan’t be made to feel uninvited in my own home.’
‘Your home?’ spoke the unwelcome visitor from across the stony expanse. ‘Your home?’
‘My home. Yes.’
The cloaked visitor, revealed through a wraithlike projection from a humming projector suspended above, leapt from the golden-laid throne and paced the length of the hall towards her. ‘Your home? I see none of your guard among us. Tell me, where are they?’
Heels fixed firmly together, Adelaide stood her ground. The visitor was Crilshan, doubtlessly communicating from an orbiting vessel by projection. Whether he was here or not, he would see no weakness in her.
The wraith paced around her, dragging his lengthy, dark cloak along the stone floor until he stood once more in front. The hovering projector droned ominously above. Its light poured down and formed the dark hood which covered the intruder’s face. The Empress raised her chin and watched him remove the hood. She gulped at the sight.
A face paler than hers painted white. Thin, ghastly features. A grin to stop the heart beating. And utterly black scleras framing irises, blood-red.
‘Wivartha Dishan,’ she said, unperturbed. ‘I expected your High Lord.’
‘Expect a little longer,’ he said. ‘Khulul!’ He spoke the dark word for impure. ‘Your empire has always threatened Crilshar more than any other Alignment world ever could. But to us, you are separated, spread out over three worlds and a dozen moons. No threat at all. You did not need to be dealt with until the time came, and your husband did not realise the danger posed until it was too late. Now the Emperor is dead.’
‘I know what you want from me, Dishan. But I shan’t bow to you. Nor any of your people that threaten mine.’
The man – if it made sense to refer to him as such – clasped his palms together and leaned forwards. ‘Submission is no longer acceptable.’
‘Then what?’
‘Only death will suffice for the impure.’
The Crilshan commander raised his hands and his soldiers seized her from behind. She gazed around the darkening room, the black barrages of the enemy filling the space in the skies above her home. Dozens of spear-wielding men surrounding her took out torches and set alight the vast drapes and streamers lining the hall.
‘Burn it all!’ Wivartha cried. ‘Burn this world to the ground! The khulul will suffer for their crimes. All will bow to the Dishan! Lords of the Systems, and—’
His image disappeared. The projector crashed to the stone floor.
The hands which had gripped Adelaide so tightly loosened and she fell to her knees. The crackle of burning adornments upset the rigid silence. She looked up slowly. The Crilshan soldiers had turned, spears facing outwards, as a line of her own guard stood at the chamber’s entrance.
‘Step away from the Empress,’ the foremost said.
The Crilshans cackled with laughter. Spears and blasters were raised. She watched her guards’ furious expressions, and pushed herself back along the ground.
‘We are the khulul!’ the foremost cried. ‘And proud to be. But that does not mean you are better, nor does it mean you will kill us.’
One of the Crilshans spat at their feet.
Silence.
Adelaide’s guard then responded, en masse, with a bombardment of burning fire, and the Empress threw her body to the ground. The edging of her clothes singed in the heat.
More hands pulled her from the ground. Her personal guard collided and fell against the enemy. Several were cut down as they left the hall. Her ears rang like the city’s alarm bells. Racing back along the rampart. Stone scraping beneath her feet. Fire followed. Fire and death. Her protectors disappeared as she staggered on, down the grand steps leading out of the palace.
Once outside, she stood back and gasped. Distant limbs of lightning struck far-off peaks as rain fell like bullets. She stepped forward, and recoiled at the mountains which altered the clouds. Colossal mounds of dark metal. A rolling bellow ensued. And spikes. Deep plunging spears. The spines of ruin.
The never ending pulse and beat tore through her. Stunned by the overwhelming darkness, she counted to three and shot across the debris-laden courtyard. Deadly dark energy blazed past her. Dust was left in her wake.
Several seconds and she was lay panting beneath an exposed stairway, clutching her tender midriff with her right hand and clinging to the wall with her left. As the encouraging cries of Enusti warriors and the vicious roar of incoming barrages filled her ears, a dreadful whine screamed across the yard. Several children charged up the steps, to be cut down by three chanting Crilshans. They ran towards her.
At first she thought they had missed her, but the last doubled back and yelled something in their dark tongue. A hand took her hair and pulled her from her hiding place. The glint of a knife. Laughing filled the ringing gaps. A cut into her thigh. Blood gushed onto the ground. Azure garments stained ruby-red. Her head spun, vision bright purple . . . black. 
‘Ibrahatima katha!’
Three bright flashes and she fell to the ground. Her body was numb, though she pulled herself up and gazed across the courtyard at a mound of red metal. A figure stooped down.
‘What?’ she said. ‘What? Who . . . Who are you?’
The figure smiled. ‘I am Antal Justus,’ he said, reaching down with open palm. ‘Captain of the Crimson Flux. And I am here, Your Highness, to save you.’


FOUR




THE HEAVENS OF Enustine raged with war. Immense Imperial war vessels collided with the crushing barrages of Crilshar. Between them waves of small fighters smashed like raindrops in the eye of a storm. Eruptions of particle beams, ion hammers, multicoloured and blinding, shot across the skies. Metal seethed and boiled and froze, a thousand lives extinguished in the blink of an eye. The resulting wreckage was forced into space or else formed fragmented paths plummeting down through the lightning-filled cloud.
The encounter lasted minutes. All were consumed by a hurricane of chaos, of uncertainty. Were they alone? Who, if any, was winning? Or was it all already lost?
Among them the Crimson Flux, dark red and smaller than most, followed its own path, employing the planet’s gravity to manoeuvre through the fight, but covering itself from fire by concealing itself behind the largest Enusti warships.
Civilian cruisers were shot out of the sky. Crilshar was triumphant.
Then darkness.
Then silence.
Antal Justus sat at the helm of the Crimson Flux and watched several dozen silver-shining vessels evaporate in front of him. A bursting light devoured all. The grey planet disappeared behind as a Joint Leap was formed, the lost world Enustine abandoned.
Justus sat still as the adrenaline of the escape settled. The whoosh of burning space around his craft held silence at bay. His heart continued to race, his hands shook for more than an hour before he could sit back evenly. When he finally did, his co-pilot was already asleep. Beside him, lay exhausted in the co-pilot’s seat, Adra Dimal rested. Her eyes were closed, her long, curly blonde hair contrasted with Justus’ own short, black crop. It was an undeniable fact that the two differed in many more ways than he could count. Perhaps that was why he loved her.
Silent space embraced the ultimatt path outside. Enusti vessels reflected the deep blue rays. Justus set his coordinates to synchronize with those of the Enusti flagship. He allowed his craft to follow the fleet and, leaning back, closed his eyes.
He couldn’t help but relive the moment he had arrived upon Enustine and rushed to save Empress Abacco. He was used to it. Fast, dangerous extractions was what his crew was best at. The sensation of rescuing royalty made it all the more exciting. Adelaide Abacco had been hysterical at first, but she calmed eventually. The sedative helped. She had been given the entire medical quarter, beside the majority of the sleeping sections of the craft, to herself. Justus saw her once in the time between Enustine and their destination. His medic, Noah, had ensured that her injuries, however minor, had been seen to.
The remaining three of the haphazard crew had squashed into one room, no doubt plotting a mutiny at the injustice of it. Justus laughed to himself, half awake, as he imagined them attempting to cope in the back. He finally dropped off to sleep, satisfied that he’d done well.
Two hours passed in silence, after which Adra Dimal woke with a jolt and a yelp.
‘Sleep well?’ Justus grinned.
‘As good as can be expected.’ She cleared her throat. ‘We’re not dead then?’
‘Smells like it, I reckon. Leap’s all but finished.’
‘Where are we?’ Dimal asked, gazing at the grey-brown planet ahead.
‘I may be wrong,’ he said, ‘but this looks like Ineri.’


FIVE




AMID THE LIGHT of the star Accentaurib, the planetoid Ineri looked a real replica-of-a-planet. It was bronze in colour, and from this distance small enough to sit neatly on a lord’s desk, unnoticed. A sphere covered in a thousand craters. No life on the exterior. Very little below.
‘What does the scanner say?’ Dimal asked Justus as she stared the planetoid down.
Full name Devi Ineriate, it had long acted as the mining world of the Fourth System. As small as a moon but as dense as, well, there was nothing Justus could think of quite as dense as the planetoid before him.
‘Yep. It’s Ineri alright.’
‘Great,’ Dimal muttered. ‘From one shit-hole to the next.’
The Enusti exodus was arranged in formation between the Crimson Flux and the orb ahead. Many shining masses of metal moved swiftly towards their closest hope for safety. As Dimal locked them in to the configuration, Justus, along with his medic Noah, checked on Empress Abacco. Noah had only been with the Flux about a year, but he had found his place among them. Short, tubby, and balding, he didn’t look like an adventurer, but he’d proven he could hold his own if pushed.
When they reached her, Empress Abacco was awake and calm, if a little shaken and dishevelled. She hardly spoke, but smiled to Justus and accepted food and water without question.
‘She’ll be fine,’ Noah told Justus as they left her quarters.
‘Good,’ he replied. ‘Cause we’ve just been summoned onto the Enusti flagship.’
‘Wait, we?’
‘Put something nice on, Noah. The Achakachula calls.’


The Flux entered the holding bay of the great Enusti ship. Once inside, Enusti soldiers entered the small crimson craft, seized Abacco, and placed Justus and his five crewmates under arrest. The Captain made no struggle. As the exodus descended into Ineri’s deepest mines, taking refuge far beneath the surface, the six were taken through the large ship and into a huge dining room by several high soldiers dressed in dark blue and silver.
‘The Great Empress herself has given orders,’ the guard at the door explained. His Enusti accent was strong, his tongue almost fixed to the roof of his mouth. ‘You are to be, quote, released from custody, fed well, and thanked greatly.’
Inside the majestic dining room the six enjoyed an amazing meal, nothing like the portions they were forced to ration themselves. The latest addition to the team, Aíron Veryan, looked as if she could throw up with worry at any moment. The dangerous realities of life in space were a shock at first. For the rest of the crew, however, it had become a way of life.
‘You know,’ Justus told Aíron as they enjoyed a third course of genetically- cultivated salmon and potatoes, ‘we’ll always be okay.’
‘You promise?’
Her hair shone dark red, bright green eyes wide with youth. So far she had been reserved, spending most of her time with Raj, the Flux’s main engineer. She was sixteen, and Raj was only a little older.
‘I promise,’ he said with a wink.
She smiled, taking another mouthful. Justus caught Dimal’s eye across the table and suppressed a sigh. He lifted his silver spoon, glimpsing his own reflection in the smooth surface. He was twenty-six now, almost twenty-seven, but he felt so much older. The last eight years really had taken their toll.
Put it out of your mind, he thought. You’re a captain. Passivity is a luxury you simply cannot have.


Before dinner had finished, Justus was called to meet with the Empress. Four armed guards escorted him to her private quarters, a section set near the centre of the Achakachula which was about as large as the entire Crimson Flux. A chair was set for him, placed half a dozen paces from the Empress, who sat motionless upon her own seat. Her poise, despite the thigh wound she had suffered, was stately, regal, customary.
He sat.
Empress Abacco clasped both hands. She was clothed in a light emerald dress, with a dark green silk scarf and three strings of pearls. Face painted a ghostly white, she appeared more than an Empress. More than a woman.
‘Why were you on Enustine?’ She spoke in an intense yet refined manner. Her accent was cold. Her lips hardly moved.
‘To help, Your Imperial Majesty. Only to help.’ He knew his forms of address, and hoped by using them he’d secure what he wanted from her.
‘And help you did, sir.’ She sounded surprisingly grateful.
He nodded, bowed again.
To her guards’ dismay, she stood from her seat and limped towards him. ‘My officers tell me you have been on Enustine before. You aided our efforts to quell a ghastly uprising. You were rewarded for capturing one of our most infamous warlords.’
‘Yeah, that’s true.’
‘I recall you received your craft as compensation for your efforts.’
‘I couldn’t think of a better payment, ma’am.’
‘And what would you ask for this time?’
He breathed in. ‘Nothing.’
‘Nothing at all?’
‘Well, except permission to leave. At once, really. I have to go.’
‘Have to go? And where do you plan to go to next, Captain? Who else must you save? A man of your bravery could be of much use to our people at this time.’
‘I do plan to help,’ he said. ‘But I already have a duty to fulfil.’
‘Ah, a man of duty. I understand that. I am a woman of duty. To my people. To my family.’ She paused briefly, looked away longingly, before composing herself. ‘I thank you for your bravery, Captain. I will see to it that you are given authorization to depart. And if ever our paths cross a second time, I hope that I may return your errand.’
She held out her hand. He took it and kissed it, her long silver sleeves draping down past her knees. ‘The honour was mine.’
The two walked down to the Achakachula’s docking bay together, once again under a copiously collected escort. The Empress was due to speak to her citizens and armed forces, and the Crimson Flux was all ready to start out. The sooner the better. There was no way to conceal a craft in open space, so the Enusti survivors were allowing him to leave before Crilshar could gather a pursuit force large enough to reach each small world and moon.
The scene in the dock was one of anxiety and anger. Hundreds of the surviving Enusti citizens had gathered. Around them stretched a line, three bodies thick, of the remaining Enusti legions. All were loud. All were panicked. A sense of urgency lay among them; the threat of Crilshar’s legions fell heavy over the surviving vessels. It seemed the sudden loss of their world and people was already hitting home.
Adelaide Abacco strode up to a raised area a couple of hundred yards from the Flux. Justus left her side and trudged around the crowd. Silence as he walked.
‘A message!’ said the Empress. ‘A message to all who are here, and all who are out there.’ She turned to her people. ‘The darkness ascends. Hope would seem lost. While our people bleed, our hearts continue to beat. And our people have bled. I beg for life as it used to be. Life. Simple. When war was kept between moons and mayors. Not High Lords and Emperors.
‘But the Emperor is dead.’ She paused, sniffed, and wiped her puffy eyes on a green and gold handkerchief, smearing white makeup across the expensive item, before looking back to the attentive crowd. ‘I am Adelaide Abacco. I am Empress of Enustine and Countess of Zade. And though contact between our empire and almost all worlds has now ceased, we are not alone. We are a strong and proud people. No one will take that away, should we stand alone without weapon or fancy. Crilshar and her armies are strong. But we all fight on . . . in hope.’
Justus nodded his head. You tell ‘em, old girl.
Adra Dimal was waiting at the bottom of the Flux’s rear access ramp. She stood biting her nails, facing away from the crowd but listening intently to the woman’s words.
He cleared his throat. ‘The others inside?’
She looked to him, nodded.
‘So . . .’
She raised her eyebrows. ‘So?’
‘What next?’
‘You tell me.’
‘You seem to be the one with all the answers these days.’
‘Oh no, darling,’ she said, leaning across and twice tapping his cheek, ‘I’m the one with all the questions.’
She was not on her own. ‘The old man,’ he said. ‘The old man from Mars. We did as he told you. You came for me. You found Erebus. He knew where I was – exactly where I was. And then we saved Empress Abacco. Again, exactly when and where he told you. But what he was lacking was answers. Like why?’
‘How am I supposed to know?’
‘You’re not. Did he say anything else? Anything at all?’
‘Other than you’re to fight a war?’
‘Yeah, I’m thinking about skipping that bit.’
Adra looked across to the Empress’ gathering, and then back to Justus. ‘Now we need to go to Earth. That’s what he said. He’ll meet us there.’
‘Yeah,’ Justus said. ‘Earth. I know. I’ve known it for eight years.’ He couldn’t forget Peter’s words: The moon is our ally. Seek the answers on Earth.
‘To Earth it is then,’ she said. ‘Woo, been a while since I’ve been there.’
‘You and me both, Dim.’
‘Then let’s not waste another second.’ She ascended the cargo ramp. Justus moved to follow, but turned as he walked up. He listened to the powerful voice of Adelaide Abacco:
‘War has come,’ she said. ‘All must prepare. Crilshar must not win.’


SIX




WIVARTHA DISHAN STOOD still upon the ruins of Enustine. A sly smile slithered across his mouth. He gazed down at a brown and blood-red river, percolating through an embankment of timber and stone. An entire city, reduced to rubble. It pleased him.
A line of captured Imperial combatants knelt at the bottom of the black mound. His personal guard held them where they were. These soldiers had had no choice but to surrender. Numerical superiority, combined with the Crilshan fleet’s element of surprise, meant the prospect of defeat had been one in a thousand – at least by his calculation.
Thirty-thousand impure soldiers – man, woman, and child – had been captured. Lord Malizar had sent word that all enemy survivors were to live; that he, Wivartha Dishan, were to do whatever it took to make them fight for him instead. The Commander estimated that only half would be influenced by modern conditioning. Even less by bribery or coercion.
No, no. Lord Malizar was impure. He had no authority here, upon a world controlled by the Dishan. In a Star System ruled by Crilshar. This was the time of the Proximans. Pure. Powerful. Unrivalled.
Wivartha signalled and then stood to watch his enemies’ throats cut.
All in all, thirty-thousand enemy soldiers captured, tortured, then cut.
Tens of thousands more were to come. Upon Enustine and Chiro. Samos and Proveria. Bravoral and Rotavar. Accentauria and Accentaurib. And their bodies stained the land blood-red for years to come.
Wivartha cared not. He had what he wanted.
He had conquest.
He had Titan.
He had vengeance.


SEVEN




THE CONTROL CENTRE of the vessel Stellarstream was a dark sphere at the end of a dark corridor in the middle of a dark ship. Shadows could be seen darting this way and that. Voices echoed along the twenty-mile-long passageway stretching through the vessel’s grave viscera.
Anna and Callista stepped cautiously into the control room, a rounded space, two levels tall. The voices belonged to their captain, Diego Ferranti, and the Crilshan Gordian, who had been assisting with the journey back. Both were rushing around the room in a frenzy.
On the projection screen above them, the planet Enustine, now much closer, continued to burn.
Captain Ferranti hurried down the steps. ‘Anna, Callista,’ he said. ‘Good, you’re here.’
Callista hobbled around the system panels to reach him. ‘You called? What’s our situation?’
‘We’re out of the leap,’ he replied.
‘What? Why? How?’
‘Crilshar. They’ve done something to the ultimatt path. It’s reset our engine. We need to make the leap again. Fast.’
Anna continued to watch the screen above. ‘These are Crilshan vessels?’
Ferranti looked up. ‘They’ve never gone this far. Burning a planet. It’s genocide. That’s an act of open war! If they take these ultimatt paths, they control the System!’
‘Get us out of here then!’ Callista said.
‘I’m trying.’
‘What can we do?’
‘Callista, I need you to stay here with Gordian.’
‘Are you asking or telling?’
‘Both.’
‘Fine. Where are you going?’
‘I need to reboot the energy within the ultimatt hub at the back of the ship. Anna, will you come?’
‘Is it safe?’ she asked.
‘Of course.’
‘Okay then.’
‘Excellent. Callista?’
She looked up at Gordian. ‘I’ll be just fine here.’
Captain Ferranti led Anna to the nearest elevator. She could just about differentiate between his worry for their situation and the physical pain he was feeling right now. His right arm was strung up securely, both bones broken, a simple fracture. Anna knew there was nothing simple about the pain he was in.
Once inside the elevator, they shot back to the ultimatt hub. Anna wondered how it would look: ultimatt energy . . . the ultimate form of matter, said to be everlasting, living, and reactive.
They disembarked the sideways elevator and ran down the central stairway. At the bottom lay the hub room. A vast space, some two-hundred metres, empty all the way across, but bordered by intricate machinery. It was the glass floor which caught Anna’s attention, however. On first glance as she stopped before it, it could have been mistaken for a giant chess board, with golden edgings dividing each metre-square glass plate. And beneath the glass, glistening blue, lay a pool of pure, motionless water.
Anna breathed in and out. Meanwhile, Captain Ferranti dashed down the steps and across the room to the other end. With only one hand he quickly adjusted and readjusted several levers. ‘Anna, come here. Fast!’
She stepped from the bottom step onto the first glass plate.
‘Anna!’
‘Coming.’
She shuffled across, not looking down. ‘What do I do?’
‘Here, hold this down.’ He motioned toward a thick lever. She rested her elbows at the edges and pushed with both hands in the middle. It fell beneath the pressure.
‘Good. Hold it there.’ He disappeared through a door nearby.
‘Ferranti?’ The lever was too heavy. ‘Ferranti?’ Her arms couldn’t hold much longer. Her right arm prickled and itched. ‘Ouch. Ferranti!’
She thought she could feel a slight tremor upon the glass beneath. Her wrist burned. It was the bracelet. It was shaking. She lifted her hand up. The lever came with it, throwing her back and onto the glass.
Anna looked down at her hand. She was right. The bracelet was shaking. She was shaking. But it was worse than that. She looked at the deep pool beneath her, and it was then she realised that it was not a pool at all. It was not even water. It was light.
Her hand pressed upon the glass, and the glistening blue beneath it burned black. Spreading around her. Shooting throughout the room. Vein-like fibres infecting everything it touched.
‘What have I done?’
‘Anna, what did you do?’ Ferranti charged back in and picked her up, dragged her away from the smouldering black patch. ‘What the hell is that?!’
Anna stared at the floor, then down to her hand. ‘It’s me. It’s this.’ She charged at once across the room.
‘Anna!’
She fled from the light and back up the steps. At the top she turned around. The dark veins had spread, but now seemed to be dissipating. ‘It’s going back!’
‘I need you here! I can’t do it with only one arm. Can’t you take that thing off?’
‘I can’t! It won’t!’ She clawed at it again, but it was like clawing off her own skin. ‘I can come back!’
‘It’s too risky. We don’t know what that was!’
At that moment, Callista’s voice echoed through the room from the comm speaker. ‘Not to cause alarm, but we’ve been spotted. Crilshan vessels are approaching. We’re all ready at this end.’
‘Okay,’ said Ferranti. ‘Anna, when I say, run back down and depress this lever. I have to do the same with one in the other room.’
‘And that will put us into the leap?’
‘Yes. Are you ready?’
‘Yes!’
‘Now!’
She vaulted down the steps, three at a time, and dashed across the room. Around her, the blue ultimatt energy groaned black, her banded wrist shuddering and burning. She reached the lever as Ferranti made for the other room. The glass floor shook. She jumped, placed all her weight on the lever, and forced it down. It dropped. The lights in the room went out.
From her hands and knees Anna pushed herself up. As she found her feet and felt around for the wall, a bright light burst on and a wondrous projection filled the room. A million gleaming lights, pure white and wonderful, with four great stars, some brighter than others. She recognised them from the maps of the Four Systems she had seen so many times. Here they were in the Fourth System, Accentaurib, a blinking dot surrounded by a trillion more sporadic particles.
Ferranti moved up behind her. ‘Here we go,’ he said. ‘It worked.’
‘We’re leaping?’
‘We’re about to.’
‘What are they?’
‘Ultimatt paths.’ He pointed his finger at a line like lightning now striking across the room. ‘That path is the one we will follow. It jumps through Accentauria and Proxima, not stopping until it reaches Titan, back in the First System.’ He chuckled. ‘Now look down.’
Anna took a step back. The ocean of light through layers of black shone bright purple around flickering blue. Something writhed deep beneath. Something surged and bubbled up. It was an unbelievable sight, more beautiful than a surrogate sunrise, more dazzling than her first glimpse of silent space. And yet it made sense. It was an eruption of power and energy, controlled and precise and exact in its unrivalled supremacy. The leap began.


EIGHT




BACK THROUGH AND into the Stellarstream’s control centre, Anna found Callista and told her everything about the ultimatt hub, the leap, and her bracelet’s disturbing effect on the entire process. Callista listened, but gave no answer. Anna didn’t push the problem; there was a lot going on right now. Her own problems were just that: her own.
Once they were sure that they were on the correct path, no trackers following from Enustine, Ferranti and Gordian joined them. The former nursed his broken arm, while the Crilshan stood back, taciturn.
Callista broke the silence. ‘What now?’
Ferranti removed his hand from in front of his mouth, pushing a curl of blond hair over his ear. ‘Now we get our answers.’
‘How?’
‘The professor and the doctor. Kramer and Ketrass. I want to know who they were working for, and what exactly they were doing on Erebus.’
‘And you think they will tell you?’
‘I’ll make them tell me.’ He signalled Gordian. ‘We need to bring them up from the holding cells.’
The Crilshan smirked. ‘I forgot they were down there.’
‘You forgot? You were the one supposed to be making sure they were fed. It’s been four days!’
‘He’s joking,’ Callista said.
‘You read me like a book, Iástron,’ Gordian consented.
Ferranti strode from the room with Gordian in tow. Anna said nothing to Callista, who sat in silent contemplation, eyes closed. Before long the two returned with the one-handed Professor Kramer and an extremely agitated-looking Avéne Ketrass. Both had been bound at the hands, though it seemed Gordian paid particular heed to Ketrass’ discomfort and did not hold her half as firmly as the Titanese captain held Kramer. The professor eyed Anna in his loathsome manner. His one Crilshan eye – set with a red iris and dark, black sclera – focused on her especially out of all those in the room, a sardonic smile plastered across his thin lips.
She flicked her arm behind her back, concealing the silver-black band around her right wrist.
‘There are a few things we need to discuss,’ Ferranti said. ‘Don’t you think?’
Kramer tilted his head. ‘What if I say no?’ It was obvious he enjoyed having a certain sense of power over others.
‘What about you?’ Ferranti turned to Avéne Ketrass. She sat beside Kramer with mid-length dark hair, beautiful features, and tight-held lips. ‘You want to tell us what you know?’
She shook her head. ‘I know nothing. I was there for five years. Only half the time everybody else was.’
‘Five years? So everyone else was there for ten?’
Kramer rolled his eyes.
‘Ten years,’ Anna said. ‘That’s how long ago my father went missing.’
Ferranti turned back to Kramer. ‘So Dathlan Berenguer was there from the beginning too?’
‘He was,’ Kramer said.
‘How? Tell me how.’
‘Where do you want me to start? With the little fact that it was a Titanese vessel and crew which found Erebus ten years back?’
Anna breathed out. ‘The Novastream. Was the vessel the Novastream?’ Her father, Dathlan, had captained the Novastream for three years before it went missing in action.
‘The Novastream,’ he said. ‘Yes. Yes, that was its name.’
‘What were you doing on board a Titanese vessel?’ Ferranti asked.
‘That’s irrelevant, Captain. I was there and I saw it all. We leapt practically blind after our vessel came under attack, crossing into Accentaurib. We were pursued, but our Crilshan shadows became ever more lost than we.’
‘Nobody on that missing Titanese vessel was ever heard from again. Why?’
‘They chose—’
‘Bullshit! I knew Dathlan Berenguer. He would never abandon his family, for anyone or anything!’
‘Now, now, Captain. Never say never.’
His teeth gritted. ‘He would never.’
Kramer shifted uncomfortably. ‘That is of course assuming that he knew he had a family.’
Callista stepped closer. ‘What do you mean?’
‘There are forces in this galaxy far beyond our control or understanding.’
‘Tell me what you mean.’
‘Very well, I will tell you. Just remember, I had no control over these events. My role was scientific ninety-nine percent of the time.’
‘Tell me.’
‘A woman. My Córonat sent a woman. One of his kind.’
Callista breathed in. ‘A Iástron?’
‘Favoured servant of the Córonat himself. He sent her as soon as the discovery was reported to him.’
‘And she had a power?’
‘A power over the minds of men. She took their memories in the palm of her hand and crushed them. Including your poor father,’ he said to Anna.
‘You don’t look at her again,’ Ferranti said, stepping between them, ‘never mind speak! I’m telling you, you piece of filth. Got it?’
Kramer smirked. He didn’t move an inch.
‘So this woman,’ Callista said. ‘She wiped the crew’s minds, but left yours intact?’
‘My loyalties lay already with the Córonat. As did Commander Lesper’s. No force in hell or otherwise would have dragged us from such a discovery. Captain Berenguer, Lesper, and myself formed a triumvirate which lasted a decade.’
‘Until you decided to kill my father,’ Anna said. The group looked at her. She blushed.
Callista ignored Kramer’s smirk. ‘This woman, this Iástron, how old was she?’
‘Middle-aged, at a guess. Hard to tell. She suffered burns. Terrible frostbite.’
‘What was her name?’
‘The Córonat’s mistress,’ he said. ‘She called herself Sudana.’


NINE




‘WELL, ANTAL, IT’S only taken eight years, but here we are at last.’
Adra Dimal sat beside her captain and smiled contently at the vivid view. A pale, silver moon loomed and the ocean-filled portent of planet Earth gazed back. Great and gleaming land masses veiled by the cover of night. The bright sun burst from the edges of the sphere and for a moment a breathtaking eclipse formed. Justus found himself sorely reminded of the dark sphere of his nightmares, the dark sphere at the centre of—
‘Justus, you hear me?’
‘Huh?’
‘Eight years and here we are!’
‘Hm-m-m, yep.’
‘And all this way without a single setback. Shit must only follow us back in Alignment space.’ Dimal winked at him, leaning into the speaker, transmitting to the four other crewmembers. ‘You might wanna’ come take a look at the view from up here,’ she said excitedly.
Justus shivered, stared longingly at the moon now swelling wide, white, and dazzling to their right.
‘What you thinking about?’ Dimal asked him.
‘Huh?’
‘Put it another way: who you thinking about?’
Anna.
Peter.
‘No one.’
It was six days since they’d arrived back within Accentaurib and ten in total since parting from the Stellarstream. With the exception of Enustine, they hadn’t stopped once. Now Justus had decided to return to his old home it was as though he couldn’t get here fast enough.
He’d forgotten in all his years away just how beautiful Earth was. Viewed as a fairly low-tech, almost primitive world by the other Systems – a belief further encouraged by the ostentatious leaders of the Systemal Alignment – he knew it was a blessing in disguise for the blue and green planet. If nobody realised how amazing and sacred it really was, then the chance of anyone fighting over it was strictly limited. Maybe Earth wasn’t important. But to Antal Justus it suddenly was.
He caught Dimal’s glance and they kissed. By Jaishah she was a good kisser! In the nick of time, the cockpit door opened and they each pulled back. The literally-larger-than-life crewmate Shree Timbur bowled into the cockpit, followed by her brother, Raj. Aíron Veryan followed third. Medic Noah Nuveen entered last, laughing by himself. ‘And I said “two melons are enough!”’
‘I don’t get your jokes, Noah,’ Aíron said.
Raj laughed. ‘That was a joke? And who said anything about melons anyway?’ He nudged Shree in the ribs playfully, pushed past Noah, and meandered over to Justus and Dimal. ‘How’s the captain today?’
‘Much better thanks,’ Justus said.
‘Actually, I was talking to Dimal.’
‘Very funny.’
Dimal grinned. ‘What can I say? I ooze an allure some find overwhelming.’
Noah sniggered. ‘You ooze something. Just not sure it’s allure.’
‘Watch it, underpants!’
The ship’s medic folded his arms and stood to one side with Shree. Since Justus had returned, the two had seemed pretty close. It was nice. He felt like a captain most of all when his crew bonded.
Engineer Raj guided red-headed Aíron to the front of the cockpit. Aíron beamed at Justus, and the six members of the Crimson Flux spent a silent moment of awe at the approaching sight.
‘Let me see your arm,’ Noah said eventually as he knelt down to inspect Justus’ left forearm. Wiping a sweaty hand over his balding brow, he removed the bandages and frowned, tucking back his chin so that his jowls rippled back. ‘How long ago did you say you received this knife wound?’
Justus couldn’t help but picture Xerin Kramer plunging the knife in.
‘Captain?’
He looked away. ‘Just before you lot found me.’
‘How long before?’
‘Dunno’. Hours, maybe less. Why?’
‘Because,’ he said, standing, ‘this wound is almost fully healed.’
Dimal shot her captain a wide-eyed stare. She was the only one he’d told about the echo he’d received from Peter Marx before they’d lost him. No doubt it was the reason for his expedited healing.
‘And?’ he said, attempting to sound unconcerned.
‘Well, for a start it’s impossible after less than two weeks. Unless . . .’
‘Unless what?’ Raj asked. ‘Noah?’
But the medic was no longer attending to his captain’s arm. His hand raised, shaking fingers fell away until he was pointing out of the casement at the shadow filling the entire cockpit. Aíron gasped and Noah collapsed in a heap on the floor. The rest maintained their watch of the vast, black, rounded outline groaning over them. In the direction of Earth. A hundred times larger than the Flux, it wasn’t awe-inspiring, it was bleeding terrifying.
Justus reached across and disengaged the engine. Dimal caught on and prepared to change direction.
‘Earth Forces,’ she said. ‘Best to avoid them.’
‘Get to your stations,’ Justus said. Everyone moved. ‘And get Noah out of here!’
Raj dragged the medic from the cockpit. ‘Such a brave soul!’ he said with a grin.
The Flux turned sharply, thrusters bellowing harshly, moving towards Earth’s moon, Luna.
‘Have they seen us?’ Dimal asked.
Justus checked his arched screen. ‘If they have they’ve not seen fit to pursue. We can head for the north port.’
‘Why the north? We’ll head for the south. It’s closer.’
‘Ahem. Captain.’
Dimal folded her arms.
‘Trust me,’ he said. ‘If we’re going to Luna, I’m going to make the trip worthwhile.’
‘Something bad usually follows your worthwhile trips.’
The moon loomed closer. Very soon it was possible to make out the grand, rectangular structures of the Lunar Athenaeum. Erected millennia ago, they were joined by clear glass halos which rose up into what would have been the atmosphere, never reaching a pinnacle. Instead they appeared to simply fade into the clear, empty space. They were powerful. Imposing. Ancient.
Justus checked the crew on his screen. Noah stirred in the medical bay, watched over by the seven-foot Shree. Her purple outfit was comprised of a feathered bonnet, cargo pants, and vivid striped boots. They’d look no more ridiculous on a camel.
Next screen. Raj was at his post within the auto-cannon, currently explaining its function to young Aíron. She seemed to be coping well without her parents. Justus was glad that she had Raj to help ease her in. All in all, he loved his crew, and he wouldn’t give them up for all the minerals on Mars.


TEN




LUNA’S NORTH PORT was fairly hectic when they arrived. Justus registered the Flux using stolen codes and docking permission was promptly granted. The visit would be a quick one. When he gave the order that everyone was to stay on board the ship, the crew almost mutinied. But they were too lazy to revolt. So he and Dimal headed out into one of the tall, glass rings, gazing at the partial view of Earth they were gifted.
At the end of the clear ring they found the entrance to the enormous stone building. Weaving through the many dark-robed residents, they arrived within and Justus watched Dimal hold in her gasp. The room itself could have fit within it two of the largest interstellar vessels, at least, and the ceiling was held aloft by thick and intricately-carved pillars of white stone and gold leaf.
‘I’d always heard of the architecture of Luna,’ Dimal said. ‘But I hadn’t bloody imagined it could be anything like this!’ Her voice echoed among the many walls and she took to whispering like everybody else in the crater-like hollow. ‘By the skull of Samos!’ she exclaimed, pointing to the artwork spread across the ceiling.
‘Done by hand,’ he said. ‘All of it.’
‘No way!’
He smiled, took her hand, and they carried on through the space to another ring of clear glass, and from there into another ancient structure.
‘Not that I mind your incessant need for detours and hang fires,’ Dimal whispered, ‘but I hope we’re here for a reason.’
‘Of course we are.’ He squeezed her hand. ‘Trust me.’
She reciprocated. ‘You know I do.’
In any case, he planned on their being here for a reason.
Leading her through the structure, a choir singing close by in deep chants which filled the cold expanse, he took her below the surface and down a stony set of winding steps. They emerged below in a long, low-ceilinged dungeon crammed with glass cabinets containing books and papers. Many more robed men and women glided quietly through computer stations, content in their duties.
‘This,’ Justus said, ‘is the Lunar Athenaeum.’
‘The Lunar-what-now?’
‘Athenaeum.’
‘What's an Anetheum?’
‘Ath-ee-nee-yam.’
‘Right. Whatever. Why are we here?’
‘To see my father.’
‘WHAT?!’
The brushing, typing, and paper stacking ceased. Heads rotated to glimpse the source of disruption. Justus grinned and pulled Dimal to one side. She didn’t speak, her red lips pursed, her eyes screaming ‘Why didn’t you tell me?’
A large woman, packed tightly into a dark blue and pleated robe, waddled over. With her head tilted she studied the two wanderers with zealous hostility. ‘How can I help you?’ she asked, her head still hanging to one side. ‘You must be lost.’
Dimal tilted her head, mockingly. ‘No, actually.’ She bore her teeth and kneed her captain in the back of his leg.
Justus stepped forward. ‘Hello, yes . . . erm . . . I’m looking for Lanfranc. Lanfranc Vortan?’
‘I’m afraid the Von Vortan isn’t within the Athenaeum at present,’ the plump woman replied. ‘Perhaps if you were to come back next week, I—’
‘Ah, yes. But . . . erm . . . it pains me to say we are only here for the day before our return to the Rivers. Maybe you could allow us a small tour of your wonderful library.’
Dimal took his arm and linked it with hers. ‘It would mean ever so much. We’ve heard all about it. Linfran Vort—’
‘Lanfranc.’
‘Lanfranc Vortan is an old friend.’
Justus nodded.
The woman’s eyes dimmed.
He held his breath.
She turned. ‘This way, please.’
Dimal winked at Justus and they followed her down the rows of computers and cabinets. ‘Why didn’t you tell me about your father?’ she said. ‘All this time. Is that him . . . the Von? Vortan?’
Justus sighed. May as well tell her the truth. Everything else was going to come out sooner or later.
‘He’s my step-father. He raised me.’
‘Hell, you’re bad at telling me things!’
‘Vortan used to run the Athenaeum. Still does by the sound of things.’
‘And we’re here to see him?’
‘Kind of.’
They followed the plump woman round a corner, along a narrow corridor, and through a set of glass double-doors. Inside her office they sat on one side of a varnished wooden desk; the woman plunged her heavy rear into a chair on the other side. She tilted her head once more, staring at one of the screens pointing up to the ceiling and built into the spotless surface of the desk.
‘Normally tours are impossible,’ she said without looking up. ‘We are simply too busy. But if you are friends of Von Vortan—’
‘The best of friends,’ Dimal added.
The woman frowned. ‘If you are friends then I’m sure we can give you both a small glimpse of our work here.’
Justus gripped Dimal’s knee beneath the table. ‘Thank you ever so much.’
‘Not at all, Mr . . .’
Damn.
Dimal shot him a nervous glance.
‘Nuveen,’ he said. ‘Noah Nuveen.’
‘Noah Nuveen.’ She typed his name into one of the screens. Seconds passed. Then at once her eyes glared, flicked wildly back and forth.
Dimal’s head shot towards Justus. The large woman knew it wasn’t him. How could he have been so stupid as to use a real name?
With considerable effort the woman dragged herself from her seat. ‘I’ll be right back,’ she mumbled. ‘Remain here, please.’
‘Not a chance.’ Dimal leaned in and slid a small disk across the table. A light pink gas blew into the woman’s face. She retched, spluttered, then subsided, collapsing over the chair, legs stiff in the air.
‘What are you doing?!’ He grimaced, checked the corridor behind. It was empty.
Dimal folded her arms. ‘The smarmy bitch kept giving me dirty looks.’
‘Who are you?’ Justus said to his co-pilot as he stepped over to the woman’s buckled form to check her pulse.
‘Whadda’ you mean, who am I? I’m you, which is more than I can say for you.’
‘I mean it!’
‘Don’t give me that! No one used to love all this more than you, Antal.’
‘Happen you’re right,’ he said. ‘But if truth be told, I’d rather actually make it to Earth before getting another call out for my arrest! Don’t forget, I’m still AWOL from Earth Forces.’
She unfolded her arms and stood up. ‘Look,’ she said, relaxing a little, ‘I’m so glad I have you back, that we’re going home. But I want some honesty.’
Justus checked the corridor again. Still clear. ‘Okay,’ he said. ‘What do you want to know?’
‘Why did you leave Earth in the first place?’
‘Pass.’
‘What demons do you have to confront?’
‘Next question.’
‘Damn it, Antal! What the hell are we even doing here?’
Justus grinned. He nudged the woman, still out cold, away from the desk, and began a search of the library data files. Dimal moved to his side. ‘This place,’ he explained. ‘The Athenaeum. It’s the largest store of information in all Four Systems.’
‘So?’
He typed in Peter Marx’s words:

<---Search:/---The Moon Is Our Ally--->

‘The moon is our ally. Seek the answers on Earth.’ She scratched her head. ‘But this isn’t Earth.’
‘No, but if the answer’s on Earth then it’s surely in here. I was hoping Vortan could help decipher it.’
‘I get your thinking. But what if Peter Marx wanted you to actually seek the answers on Earth?’
‘What?’ he said. ‘Like a quest?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Hmm, not a big fan of quests.’
Concerned that they were pressed for time, he continued searching. Nothing. He reworded the phrase and attempted it in as many Earth languages as he knew. Still nothing. He cursed loudly, and turned to another screen, where he froze. Dimal knelt, stunned, having already read the information on the monitor into which their host had entered the name Justus had given.
‘It can’t be real,’ he said.
She looked to him. ‘It looks pretty real to me.’

NOAH S. J. NUVEEN
OFFICIALS CONTINUE TO SEEK ANY AND ALL INFORMATION ON NOAH NUVEEN, FIFTH SON OF THE JULIAN NUVEENS OF MAR-ANDRA. HE IS WANTED IN THE PLANETARY SYSTEM BRAVORAL AND ITS SEVEN MOONS FOR CRIMES INCLUDING FRAUD, ARSON, AND SEVERAL COUNTS OF MURDER . . .
CONSIDERED A HIGH RISK

‘Shit!’ Justus said.
A gasp from the corridor. The two spun to see a tall, skinny woman enter the room. Upon witnessing her corpulent colleague’s ankles dangling in mid air, the woman turned tail and scuttled back down the hallway.
‘I think it’s time we made a move.’ He took Dimal’s hand again and they hurried out. When they reached the main office room the skinny woman was already alerting three robed men nearby. Security.
Justus dragged her through the workplace, knocking busy workers over their desks and onto the stone floor. They reached the steps leading out just before the guards. Justus held onto the wall and kicked one of them in the face. Dimal slammed the door shut.
Hearts beating madly, Dimal’s hand not leaving his, the two made their way back up the steps and out into the rectangular structure. From there, through into the glass ring. They walked fast, but not too fast.
‘There’s more security,’ she said, pointing ahead.
‘It’s okay. They haven’t – oh, wait, yeah, they’ve seen us.’
‘Run!’
They kept their heads down and dashed quickly back through the second stone structure. A large granite carving stood to one side, and they threw themselves behind it. Their pursuers passed by. They waited, before heading back to the Flux.
The Álunan north dock was just ahead. Dimal craned her neck as though to glimpse upon the beautiful carvings one last time, but her captain took her head and pushed it back down. ‘Plenty time to come back, darling.’
Once again avoiding a security grouping’s eye line they reached the docked Flux. The last thing Justus had expected to find, however, was his crew knelt in cuffs outside the crimson beauty. Several guards stood around them, while a number more followed behind.
Blast!
‘What’s going on?’ Justus asked, making every effort to sound indignant. ‘Is something wrong?’
Three guards approached him, hands on their blasters. ‘Is this your craft, sir?’ asked one.
‘Yes, it is. Why—’
The guard took out a pair of cuffs. ‘Stay where you are, sir,’ he said sternly. ‘Under authority of Luna and the Lunar Athenaeum, you and your crew are under arrest for the possession of a falsely-registered vessel.’
‘There’s been a mistake,’ Dimal said. ‘Wait.’
‘Just stop.’ Justus moved, but the guard took his hands, lifted up his sleeves. He went no further. His eyes were fixed on the tattoo upon Justus’ wrist. A silent several seconds followed. Then he looked up at Justus, suddenly fearful.
‘I . . . we . . . b . . . beg your pardon, my lord.’ He turned and whispered something to the guard beside him, who in turn released the others from their fastenings. Bewildered, the crew stood and watched the guards leave, one by one, most of whom appeared just as confused. ‘Once again, my lord,’ the guard said. ‘I am . . . ever so s . . . sorry.’
Justus didn’t know how to react. ‘I . . . well . . . yeah, I’ll forgive your mistake this time.’
‘But you see that it doesn’t happen again,’ Dimal added, wagging her finger. The guard left and she turned. ‘Please tell me what just happened.’
He gulped. ‘The guy saw my tattoo. From Erebus.’
‘The Circle and Triangle?’
‘The very one.’
She gulped too. ‘Let’s get out of here. Quick.’
Justus nodded. ‘To Earth at last.’


ELEVEN




ANNA’S FIRST GLIMPSE of the majestic rings of Saturn from the reaches of dark space was just as she had imagined it. Surrounded by the rest of Erebus’ survivors, sat in the central control room, she gazed up at the projection of the Saturnian system, and her home upon Titan.
Beauty was a word which seemed so inadequate. The truth was that her home did not look beautiful. It looked cold. Cold and starved of light. Alone and far from welcoming. A shadow enveloped the system, enveloped them all. Was it from here, or had she brought it with her?
Gílana stood beside her, their hands clasped together. The others sensed it too. The sound of silence filled the command room. Kramer and Ketrass, attached to a freestanding panel near the edge of the room, hung their heads. Any awe that they had felt was replaced by cold dread.
‘Do you think it could have happened?’ Callista asked Ferranti. ‘Titan, fallen into the hands of the Dishan?’
‘I don’t know, Callista.’
Her eyes cut into Gordian. ‘Why so quiet, Crilshan?’
Gordian looked to her and did not smile. He said nothing. The seven sat in a sea of fear, the silent beating of Anna’s heart surrounding her completely.
Captain Ferranti moved silently around the nearest console, shifting instruments and levers.
‘What are you doing?’ Gílana asked.
He glanced up, blowing hair from in front of his blood-shot eyes. ‘If the worst has happened, we’re like sitting ducks up here,’ he said. ‘I’m moving us somewhere safe. Until we decide what we’re doing. There’s a docking bay within the moon Hyperion, known of only by Titan’s captains.’
‘Or so you hope,’ Gordian said.


The moon Hyperion looked ancient grey and was shaped like an enormous potato, Anna thought. It did not take long to reach the dock within, into which Ferranti guided them carefully. Once attached to a large, vacant platform – empty but for a single unmanned craft – the seven survivors of Erebus gathered close. The Stellarstream’s engines were placed on reserve.
‘Now,’ Callista said, aiming her ancient eyes at the two bound prisoners, ‘we must come to a decision. All of us. Our fates are knotted. All our lives on the line.’
‘You stand there, expecting to decide my fate,’ Kramer said. ‘And you can’t even control your own. Tell me, what is it that has to be decided?’
‘If Crilshar has taken Titan,’ Ferranti said, ‘like they’ve seized others, then we can’t go back.’
Callista moved forwards and with difficulty knelt down before him. In a depleted tone she whispered, ‘Your Córonat’s work, I think.’ Kramer breathed deeper still. She lifted the silver booklet from inside her grey cloak and held it aloft. ‘Courtesy of Edgar Mokrikov.’
‘I should have known.’
‘According to the prime minister of Rotavar,’ she said, ‘you were all deceived by your master. The Córonat. Marrak Malizar.’
‘The name means nothing to me,’ he breathed. ‘None of us knew the identity of the masked Córonat. Only that he was of the fallen Iástron race.’
‘Indeed it seems so,’ she said. ‘According to this journal, Mokrikov believed that all those who knew of Erebus would be killed once you achieved the given task, whatever that was. He says that’s how his Córonat deals with all things.’
‘So that’s what Lesper discovered,’ Kramer muttered. ‘Then what do we do?’
Anna looked to her little sister, who shivered, just as frightened as Anna felt. She gripped her hand firmly.
‘Fleeing to Earth would seem the only sensible option,’ Callista said. ‘We would be met with hostility and perhaps even death on Titan . . . if the invasion has occurred.’
‘That gives us two choices,’ Ferranti said. ‘We can continue on to Earth and hope that Crilshar’s armies haven’t penetrated that deep into the System. Though I can’t imagine a reason they would not. Or we could take the chance. Face the threat, whatever it may be, and go home.’
‘What could we expect to find?’ Callista asked Gordian.
The Crilshan thought for a moment. ‘I cannot say for sure. Such a plan has only ever been dreamed of in my home world. Who can say what they will have chosen to do? Your world is impure. You are impure. Ita es khulul.’ The second time he said it in Crilshan, in an effort, no less, to remind himself of that very fact. Everyone knew the Crilshan word for impure. It had been used enough by the Dark Race to justify their deeds.
He noticed the looks he was receiving, and continued, ‘That is, to say, in the minds of my masters, that until you receive the Pure Gene, you are all in danger.’
‘We have to go back,’ Anna said. ‘My uncle might be down there. He’d know what to do. There is still hope.’
‘Don’t forget,’ the elderly Iástron said, ‘that your uncle Ruben took Titan to war while we were gone. In an effort, perhaps, to find you. It would appear he failed.’
‘Such a threat,’ Gordian said. ‘Ruben Berenguer would not have been kept alive. The custom in my world is to execute high-ranking enemies.’
‘So we leave everyone else to suffer while we run?’ Anna said. ‘What if my uncle is down there?’
‘Couldn’t we try and save just him?’ Gílana asked. ‘And then go to Earth?’
‘Earth,’ Ketrass said from her corner. ‘I say we head there. You’re right. No one needs to know of Erebus, or what we saw there.’
Kramer looked to her, and then down to the ground.
Ferranti reached out a hand and placed it on Anna’s shoulder. ‘You heard what Gordian said. I’m sorry, but if your uncle is down there, the chances of him being alive—’
‘No,’ she said. ‘He is alive. I know it.’
‘I hope so,’ he said. ‘But for now we’re on our own.’
Anna felt herself shaking. She shrugged his hand from her shoulder. How could they all give up on her uncle Ruben so easily? How could they give up on Titan without as much as a fight?
Callista hobbled back towards her, leaning on a nearby panel. ‘Even if your uncle is down there, child, there is nothing we can do. Look after your sister. That is what Ruben would want.’ Her eyes penetrated deep. ‘But, I agree. My recent dreams are clear now. They tell me that we must not go to Earth.’
‘So we’re following dreams now,’ Kramer said. ‘Want to know what I dreamt?’
‘No,’ she said. ‘I think we should return to Titan. Perhaps just a survey. A small craft. Once we see evidence of the Dark Race, we can decide.’
‘That leaves one problem,’ Gordian said.
‘Just the one?’ Ferranti raised his eyebrows.
‘The greatest one.’
‘Which is?’
‘Erebus.’
‘Yes, they’ll want to know,’ Callista said. ‘Where we’ve been once we waltz on down there in a military craft with a Crilshan prisoner.’
Anna sighed. ‘Then what do we do?’
‘We make up a story,’ Ferranti said, pacing the control room. ‘Gordian’s right. If they find out about Erebus – and that’s assuming they don’t already know – then they’ll stumble into disaster, or gain a power worse than the entire arsenal of Proxima. Erebus is still out there. It has to be forgotten. And we can do that. We have to do that.’


TWELVE




DIEGO FERRANTI PEERED out of the small, ringed window of the Stellarstream’s shuttlecraft, though he knew there was nothing to see beside thick, murky-red banks of cloud. He had peered into the bloody veil so many times on his return journeys. But never like this. The clouds weren’t different, but the approach, clandestine and apprehensive, certainly was.
No one knew what they would find. If it was true and Crilshar had taken Titan, he would have them out of here before the real sun came up. Such decisions were not hard for him to make. He was an orphan after all. Growing up he’d never had to think about anyone but himself, and it had suited him. Ferranti was well aware of how selfish he was capable of being; it was what pushed him on: the search for ever more lofty thrills, ever greater highs.
After joining the Titanese Guard it had been a hard shock to discover that, on board a Titanese vessel, selfish was the last thing one could get away with being. It made him aware of another, more fulfilling side of himself. His friendship with Dathlan Berenguer was an enormous influence, only strengthened by the encouragement of Callista, who, on the afternoon he turned twenty-three years old, revealed her true past and inspired the young Guard to more laudable endeavours.
Those endeavours may soon come to an end, he realised as he guided the shuttlecraft along the horizon, white knuckles fixed firmly around the controls. The entire crew of the Stellarstream was lost. Callista, Anna, and Gílana were his priorities now, and a small knot in the back of his mind told him the darker part of himself may soon be called forth if they were going to survive what may be waiting.
They approached Titan’s Twelve Cities from the south, making the docking city closest. From what he could see, both on his display and out among the blood-red haze, it was night upon Titan. A storm was raging some fifty miles to the south, but its curved path would not bring it near the Twelve Cities.
The survivors descended slowly toward the surface, en route for a resource base on the outskirts of the Cities, not knowing what they would find. Ferranti brought them in to land within a hidden landing site some distance from the docking city, and turned to Gordian, sat beside. The Crilshan nodded. Behind, Anna and Gílana sat close to Callista, who sat with tangible trepidation. Kramer and Ketrass remained tied to the far wall.
‘What now?’ Kramer asked.
Callista looked to Ferranti.
‘You all need to stay here,’ he said. ‘I’m going to go out.’
Callista placed a hand on his shoulder. ‘You can’t go out there with your arm in a sling.’
‘I’ll be fine. I’ll sling up the suit.’
‘And be no good if you’re caught.’
‘If I get caught I doubt ten arms would help me.’
‘I’ll go with you,’ Gordian said. ‘I’ve done this sort of thing before.’
‘Yes, I imagine you have,’ Callista said. Her hand left Ferranti’s shoulder and softly pressed her collar.
‘These two are to stay as they are,’ he said, motioning to Kramer and Ketrass.
‘And who put you in charge?’ Kramer demanded.
‘The Golden Guard of Titan,’ Ferranti said. ‘There’re only two of us here with any military instruction.’ He glanced towards Anna. ‘And only I have qualified.’
‘So that puts her in charge while you’re out exploring?’
Ferranti smiled. ‘Yes. Anna, he’s in your custody when I’m not here. I know I can trust you.’
Anna nodded without looking at Kramer and followed Ferranti and Gordian down the corridor. One at a time, she helped them climb into their life-suits. ‘Now I can see the resemblance to the model of life-suit we wore inside Erebus,’ she said. ‘They were more sophisticated though. These are bulkier than normal.’
‘Better bulky than dead,’ Gordian said.
Ferranti stood back and lifted his helmet from the wrack. ‘The temperature out there is minus one-seven-nine. Without these, the pressure would boil us in our suits.’
She nodded. ‘Fair enough. Take care, Diego.’
He held out his hand and she took it, gripping it firmly. ‘Look after your sister,’ he told her. ‘If there is one thing you must do, it is that.’
Ferranti and Gordian left Anna and moved through into a smaller section of the shuttlecraft and from there into the airlock. Ferranti pressed the hatch closed while watching through the window at Anna, stood upon the other side. The pressure chamber activated, and the outer hatch opened. The two stepped onto a circular platform which took them down to the rocky ground. The red mists concealed the docking city, but his suit’s inbuilt scanner directed the path north. For several minutes they moved along the rock-strewn valley floor, the craft soon out of sight.
His breathing steady, Ferranti knew what he was looking for, though his attention remained at all times on Gordian. The pact they had made several days ago above the storms of Tempest-Beta was worth nothing now. Gordian had helped them return to Titan, but now they were here, allowing the Crilshan to accompany him was the final risk he would take.
Very soon there rose the enormous body of the first dome of Titan, arrayed in striking segments of columned might. A faint light shone from within. They moved forward cautiously.
‘How’s your arm?’ Gordian asked as he reached out to help Ferranti down a steep slope.
Ferranti did not take his hand, but drifted down and gestured ahead. ‘Just over there. The out station. I can access the docking city’s data log from there.’
‘What will you do if the cities are taken?’ the Crilshan said.
‘Leave. What will you do?’
‘Get down!’ In a long-winded movement, Gordian forced him behind a small mound.
‘What? What is it?’
‘Bodies. There.’
Ferranti peered over. He was right. Three figures wavered up and down nearby, blocking the way towards the out station. Their life-suits were black. ‘What do you think?’
Gordian pulled him further out of sight. ‘Crilshans.’
‘How do you know?’
‘I’ve seen those suits a hundred times. It’s them. My people are here.’
‘We have to get back to the craft,’ Ferranti said.
‘If they’re here, then General Berenguer failed.’
‘Let’s move.’
‘If he failed, they’ll be everywhere.’
Ferranti stood, hunched over. ‘Come on.’
‘I’m sorry, Captain.’
‘It’s okay.’
‘No.’ Gordian stood to full height, towered over him. ‘I am sorry.’
‘For what?’
‘For this.’
Gordian’s arm pulled back slowly. His fist came forward, made contact with his broken arm. Ferranti, unable to react quickly enough, gasped, swooned. He fell to his knees, then onto his back.


An hour had passed before Anna decided to move. She left Gílana asleep in the corner of the silent shuttlecraft and moved through the access tunnel, passing Kramer and Ketrass, still bound together. Over by the control panel she sat beside Callista, who opened her eyes and looked at her student.
‘Are you afraid, Anna?’
She looked away. ‘I’m . . . afraid for Gílana. I’m afraid for my uncle. I’m afraid for you.’
‘Fear is both a strength and a weakness. You fear our loss, but you would lose us anyway. Do not focus on your fear. Focus on what that fear tells you. Allow it to give you perspective.’
‘I faced my fear on Erebus, Callista. I overcame it. The dreams don’t haunt me anymore, but the memories of them do.’
‘You are not the same girl you were when you left Titan. You’ve changed, and I am proud of you. You made a personal realisation, Anna. That would be all well and good if this were all about you. But it’s not. And what comes next is much, much bigger.’
Anna sighed and went to speak when a deep, drawn-out thud! rang upon the outside of the shuttle. The two jumped to their feet. Gílana emerged from her corner in a panic.
‘What is—’
‘Quiet!’ Callista hissed.
Another thud!
‘Stay where you are, girls.’ The old woman moved across the craft and peered through the porthole into the airlock. At once she spun back and rushed into the cockpit, slamming the midpoint hatch shut behind her.
‘Callis—’
‘No, Anna. Come here!’
‘What is it?’
‘Crilshans.’
‘Out there?’
‘They’ll be in here in a matter of seconds!’
‘What do we do?’
‘Take off. Strap your sister in.’
Anna attempted to calm Gílana, settling her into the seat nearby as Callista activated various keys and fastenings, attempting to move the craft.
Another blow struck the craft somewhere to the rear, knocking everybody to one side. ‘They’re breaking in!’
‘The engine,’ Callista said, ‘the engine is damaged. They’ve damaged from outside. We can’t take off.’
‘What about Ferranti?’
‘We have to go.’
‘Free me,’ Kramer snapped. ‘Free me!’
Thud!
‘Nooo!’ Callista cried. ‘The engine!’
The craft rumbled. A tear ripped through the grate beneath. Outside, ultimatter poured into the red mist beyond. A Crilshan tanker moving towards them disintegrated as it came into contact with the light. Bright, blinding blue light everywhere.
‘It’s eating through the craft,’ Callista said. ‘Come here, girls! Let me hold you!’
‘Wait,’ Anna said, and she crawled across the floor. She dragged her body across the cockpit’s dashboard and pulled up her sleeve, placed her hand upon the windowpane. The light outside dimmed. Her hand tingled.
‘It’s coming through!’
‘No!’ Anna said. She felt her arm shudder. The veined bracelet tightened. The ultimatter outside lost its colour. It grew fainter, curdling black like the hub of the Stellarstream. The light weakened and faded into the mist.
Another thud!
Anna turned and collapsed to her knees. ‘What do we do, Callista?’
‘They’re overwriting airlock security!’
‘How many?’
‘Untie me!’ Kramer shouted.
She moved towards him.
‘Anna!’ Callista cried. ‘Nine! There’s nine of them!’
‘Untie me!’
Anna reached for her coilbolt and pushed Gílana behind the pilot’s chair when a low growl like thunder echoed through the craft. The cockpit hatch swung open and tall, dark-suited figures stood over them. Kramer and Ketrass were silent. Gílana screamed and Anna and Callista stood frozen still.
From behind the figures a Titanese life-suit stepped into view.
‘Ferranti?’
‘Take them all,’ the figure said. It was Gordian’s voice.
‘Gordian? What have you done to Ferranti?’
‘You bastard,’ Callista said, hobbling forwards. One figure took hold of her. Crilshans untied Kramer and Ketrass and forced breathing masks over their heads.
‘Cover the old woman’s mouth,’ Gordian said. ‘Take her and those two with you. But not these two girls. Take them to central city. Tower sixty-three. Apartment five-hundred and eight.’
‘Understood, sir,’ the foremost said. ‘Why is this?’
‘You know who I am, gubar. Do it now.’
‘Yes, Gordian.’
Callista struggled as two suited Crilshans moved for Gílana. Anna stepped between them, but was pulled back. ‘No!’
The closest suit took out a pistol and rammed an extended needle point into Gílana’s arm. Anna reached out and grasped the suit, but another took hold of her. ‘No! Gílana!’ A third Crilshan lunged forward and jammed the needle into her neck.


THIRTEEN




ANNA OPENED HER eyes and stared at a white ceiling in a dark room. Everything spun. Her fingers and toes prickled painfully. Shadows swayed across the ceiling, echoing movement outside. She attempted to lift her arm but found herself unable to move. She blinked several times and looked around. But wait. Her head wouldn’t budge.
‘Help,’ she mouthed.
No sound came out.
‘Please. Somebody.’
Nothing.
Where were the others? What had happened back at the craft? Gílana and the baby. No.
‘Is there anyone there?’ she said. A slight croaking sound came from her this time. When no sound came in reply she continued to lie there.
Eventually she was able to move, and it took no time to realise where she was. In her apartment. In her home. On her uncle’s bed. In minutes she was able to get up. It took a while to sit, and even longer to stand. And when she did, she gazed up through the skylight, her vision blurred. It was dark outside. Still night.
A buzzing like static sound filled her ears. What the hell had they injected her with?
As soon as she could walk, she left her uncle’s room and moved to her sister’s. It empty. She sighed with relief when she entered her own room to find her sister lay on the bed. She stumbled across and tried to wake her. Gílana was breathing, at least. The shot was still having an effect on her. But she was alive, and here.
The buzzing continued. She rubbed her ears and shook her head. She needed water.
Staggering back down the corridor, she stepped down into the open space of the apartment. Her heart beat furiously. Please don’t be anyone in here.
The static noise continued, and she realised where it was coming from. It grew louder, painfully so. Her head felt heavy, her mouth dry. It was coming from the old bookshelf. Anna reached the bottom of the steps and moved across. She lifted a book from the middle ledge, raising it to her ear. She repeated it over and over. Nothing. She emptied a whole shelf and removed the ledge itself before she discovered the switch hidden beneath the bottom layer of heavy tomes.
The bookshelf opened silently like an automatic hatch. Behind it lay a corridor.
‘What?’
Anna checked behind, then moved inside.
‘Hello? Uncle Ruben?’
Please be inside. Please be inside.
Around a corner another hatch blocked her way. A panel and speaker was built into the wall. She studied it carefully. It wanted a name.
‘Ruben Berenguer Azar de la Peña,’ she said.
Nothing.
‘Lucasta Callista Berenguer?’
Nothing.
‘Anna Berenguer Odéto?’
The hatch clicked and swung open. Inside it was like a bank vault, filled with electronic equipment, weapons, and battle gear. She could fight a war with this stuff. A line of shining metal coilbolts lay on a metre-long shelf to one side. She resisted touching anything, though her hand hovered over the myriad items. A large table stood in the centre. She moved over. The sound was piercing now. It was coming from here.
A light was flashing green on the table’s horizontal display. She pressed it. The sound stopped, replaced with a bright, three-dimensional sphere. Anna stepped back, almost blinded. The projected sphere rotated above the central chamber, almost touching the ceiling. It was a world, blue and green: planet Earth.
Anna gasped when a voice rang from the speakers, filling the room.
‘It was decided, Anna Berenguer, long ago, that the word “fate” no longer held any importance. That “destiny” was a mere construct of the human mind. A vain attempt to determine sense and worth – any meaning at all – in a galaxy so vast and powerful that it would appear there was none.’
She held her breath, unable to identify the voice.
‘What I have discovered is the true meaning of destiny: something which CANNOT be understood, for it is a concept so delicate and grand that even those with the most powerful minds are unable to fathom the grand scale of destiny.
‘But YOU, Anna Berenguer, may have a chance to uncover the secret, for your connection with the Gilaxiad and its secrets not even I can comprehend to the fullest.’
The voice stopped. It was a recorded message, most of which had pre-programmed responses.
Anna replayed the voice in her head. He said Gilaxiad. He said Gilaxiad!
‘What is Gilaxiad?’ she said.
No reply. The blue-green sphere continued to float in the middle of the room.
‘Who are you?’
Silence, then:
‘I am the Accentaurian. And I am waiting for you.’
‘Waiting where?’
‘On the blue and green world.’
‘Earth? How do I get there?’
‘You will come . . . soon. Share this message with no one. Absolutely no one. Only you can do this. The messengers will find you. But first – and I am so very sorry to say – you must lose. You must lose everything.’
‘L . . . Lose everything? How?’
‘The darkness. The silence. But after night comes the dawn. Change comes eventually. I promise you that.’
‘What darkness? What silence?’
‘A great silence is coming . . . and an eternal darkness. It won’t be long now. No amount of training will help you fight what has found you. But there is a way. Four ways, in fact. And it is you who must find them.’
Footsteps in the room above her.
‘Stop recording,’ Anna said. Somebody was moving about upstairs. ‘Gílana?’
She crept back along the corridor, closing the bookshelf behind her. She turned to see her sister, stood at the top of the steps, shivering and pale.
‘Gílana . . . are you all right?’
She nodded. ‘Come . . . Come up here.’
‘What’s wrong?’
‘Just come.’
Anna joined her sister upstairs in her own bedroom. Except for the bed, it was bare.
‘It’s so dark out there,’ Gílana whimpered.
‘No. No, it’s only night.’
‘No, Anna. There’s a faint light. Look where it’s coming from. It’s the middle of the day.’ She pointed out to the inner arcs of the domes.
Iron bars were fixed to the exterior of the window. Anna pushed and pulled on the lever, attempting to open the windowpane. None of them needed to speak. They were locked in. Outside, the warm light of the surrogate sun had warped to fading silver. They were trapped, alone.
Anna rushed back downstairs to the front door, went to pull on the handle. Only, there was no handle.
‘No, no, no!’
The door was new, locked from the outside.
The two sisters walked back over to the floor-to-ceiling window. Eternal night wrapped the city in shadow. Its significance was unclear, but to Anna the message was obvious. The enemy is here. There is no escape. And something is coming.


FOURTEEN




ADRA DIMAL LEANED back, her legs wrapped tightly round Antal Justus’ naked body. Sat in his pilot’s chair, he leaned in and kissed her neck. She moaned with eyes closed. Justus ran his lips along her bare shoulders, watching the blinding sun linger on the horizon through the forward pane. Twenty-thousand feet below stretched an ocean of white mountain peaks.
‘Beautiful,’ he said.
‘I’m not,’ she replied.
‘No, the Earth. I forgot how beautiful it is here.’
‘Oh . . . right.’ She turned and stared out. ‘I think it’s romantic.’
Justus gazed into her eyes and kissed her. She felt so good. His eyes flickered between the view outside and . . .
‘Hang on.’ He sat upright, Dimal still on his lap.
‘What?’
‘I’m sure I saw something on the dash.’
‘What?’
‘Not sure.’ They both stood up over the main console. He took a quick look at her, stood there in all her splendour.
‘Eyes up here, please.’
‘Gotcha’.’ He played around with the flight tracker. ‘Can you see anything?’
‘Nope. Nothing.’ She widened the scanned area before turning back to Justus and shrugging her shoulders. ‘It’s nothing. I’m sure.’
Justus nodded. He thought he’d seen something on the scanner, something following. It could have been a craft or drone, or a really big bird. He shook his head and said, ‘No. No, Adra. Something definitely came up. Way too close out here and following the same trajectory.’
‘Come on, Cap’n.’
‘I mean it.’
‘Fine,’ she said. ‘Maybe there was something. But that don’t mean it was following us.’
Justus couldn’t reply. He gazed out in silence at the darkening view as the magnificent yellow orb waned into devastating red. It seemed less than coincidence, but for the last week, wherever he went or whatever he did, everything seemed to remind him of Erebus. The wound in his arm twitched.
He scratched the now bandage-less arm and focused. They had opted to stay under the radar after the run in on Luna, and were travelling at a deliberately measured speed so as to avoid detection from satellites above. If things went well and their luck held out, they would go unnoticed.
The two dressed. Justus sat in his seat and Dimal curled up into hers. She nodded off quickly. Half an hour passed silently but for Dimal’s momentary seconds of sleep-talking, and each second brought Justus closer to the place he’d been running from for eight years. He was determined to go through with it. The one thing he feared was the reaction he would undoubtedly get from the others once they found out just why he’d run away.
‘Not long left,’ he said, kicking the chair beside him. ‘Nearly there.’
Dimal yawned loudly and muttered, ‘I had the strangest dream.’
‘Oh, yeah? You and me in the asteroid booth again?’
‘Down, boy. No, it was nothing like that. It was Noah.’ Justus sighed. ‘He was holding a gun to my head. I couldn’t move. And he wouldn’t stop laughing.’
‘Noah? Laughing? I don’t think he knows how.’
‘I’m serious, Antal. I’m freaked. What we found out about him back on Luna—’
‘Whoa, wait,’ he said. ‘I know where this is going. Noah’s been with us, what, a year? I trust him, even if he is a pompous, winy child.’
‘He’s a murderer!’
‘I’m a murderer! Hell knows you’ve killed your fair share.’
She shook her head. ‘We killed because we’re wrongly wanted. I killed because there was no other choice.’
‘Look, Adra, we’ve got enough to worry about without inventing reasons not to trust each other. Noah could have had any number of reasons to kill those people—’
‘His family.’
‘Wow, is that what it said?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Well . . . that’s if he even did it. And I for one think he deserves the benefit of the doubt. Don’t you?’
Dimal’s mouth moved, but no answer came.
‘Anyway, you’re not to say anything to him. That’s an order.’
The co-pilot scoffed. ‘As captain?’
He nodded. ‘As captain.’


The air was humid, and whiffed of sweat and dirt. Aíron Veryan’s dark-red head bobbed from side to side, mind in overdrive, as she fought to remember everything Raj Timbur was saying. The young engineer was not much older than her, and at least six feet tall – still no patch on Shree, however. He was incredibly scrawny, with bright eyes and dark skin. Raj was handsome, but not overly so.
He was guiding her through the complex under-compartment of the Flux, revealing all the hidden areas they had apparently smuggled goods and people in for some years. Aíron followed, nodding, but she wasn’t really hearing his words.
In truth her mind was elsewhere: up in the cockpit with the captain and his sidekick. Adra Dimal never left him unaccompanied. How was she supposed to get any time alone with him when he was never on his own?
‘And you remember the old weapons guy I told you about?’ Raj said excitedly. ‘You remember I mentioned Estoy?’
‘Yes, I remember you saying.’ Aíron gazed around the filthy compartment and wiped a black smudge from her otherwise immaculate arm.
‘Well this is where the old fella’ died!’
Aíron yelped and almost somersaulted back, cracking her head on an overhanging pipe. She fell to the ground, where she burst into tears.
‘It’s okay,’ Raj said. ‘He didn’t suffer.’
‘I don’t care!’ she shrieked, picking herself up. ‘I don’t care about Estoy. I don’t care where you shot any stinking rat. I don’t care what compartment you were cleaning when Shree almost said her first words!’
Raj looked stunned and fell silent. Luckily for him, however, his leather-covered wrist comm sounded:
—We’re about set to land boys and girls . . . and Noah, Justus’ voice came through. Weather seems to be nice and warm. Hurry on up . . . oh, right . . . out.
The two looked to each other. Raj’s head dropped slightly.
‘I’m sorry,’ she said. ‘I’m simply not used to living like this. I mean, look at me. I was a princess back on my old home, before the Crilshans came. I’m not accustomed to dirt on this scale.’
‘Well I am,’ he said, and he took her hand. ‘Come on.’
The two clambered back up onto the craft’s main deck. Raj shuddered with excitement.
‘You’re happy,’ she said.
‘Everyone is,’ he said. ‘Our first trip to Earth. It’s a big deal. And it’s your first visit to another fully-terraformed planet. It’s . . . wow.’
Aíron sighed and let go of Raj’s hand. Truth be told, as excited as she was, she was terrified of stepping onto an alien world. Okay, it wasn’t alien. But to her there was no difference. She looked down at the dirt dug deep into her fingernails.
‘Eughh,’ she shuddered.
Raj stopped. ‘What is it?’
‘I’m going to go and clean up,’ she told him.
He sniggered.
‘I mean it. I’m all grimy. You go on up to the cockpit. I’ll be two minutes.’
She left him and wandered back to the quarters she had been sharing with Shree. She washed up quickly, swilling her face with freezing water, before proceeding up to the cockpit. On the way she passed Captain Justus’ room. His door was slightly ajar. She bit her lip.
Don’t even think about it. You don’t want to.
She stepped inside. The small box-room was not as she had imagined. It was clean for a start. Despite their observable intimacy, Justus and Dimal didn’t share quarters. She had witnessed Dimal’s room; it was nowhere near as bright as this. A portrait of what must have been the original crew hung lopsided over the bed. Books were organised neatly on a shelf high up. They ranged from history and languages to engineering and combat techniques.
He’s nothing like the horrific stories about pirates, she thought. He’s intelligent. Sharp. Handsome.
She leaned over and touched the bed. Upon the mattress, greyish and worn, was a small book. A diary. Very aware that she was on the verge of stepping over that invisible line, she opened the tattered booklet and flipped towards the back. Upon the last page he had written very few words, not arranged left to right or top to bottom, but all over:

The moon is our ally . . .

For Peter Marx . . . I’m sorry . . .

For you, mother . . . I miss the most . . .

And then, below that:

gilaxiad gilaxiad gilaxiad gilaxiad gilaxiad gilaxiad
. . . seek the answers on Earth . . .
gilaxiad

‘See anything you like?’
She dropped the book and spun to see Justus in the doorway, arms folded. ‘I’m sorry, I . . .’
‘Was on your way up to the cockpit.’
‘I . . . yes.’
Her face swelled bright red. She thought he would be angry. But not a trace of resentment was visible in his jaded smile. ‘C’mon,’ he said. ‘You’ll want to see this.’


FIFTEEN




FLOWING GREEN VALLEYS stretched out beneath the Crimson Flux. All six crewmates watched from the cockpit. Aíron thought it was beautiful. Almost reminiscent of her home, Manera, now a pile of rock and ash. A city shone in the distance, its uppermost spires thrusting above the treetops.
Justus cleared his throat. ‘This is where I come from. This is Francium. The Second River of Earth. Home.’
Dimal brought the Flux to land, while Justus guided her down. To awfully specific coordinates, Aíron observed.
‘This is the place,’ she heard him tell Dimal.
‘What place?’ Aíron asked. They didn’t answer.
The ship set down in a small, grassy opening, flanked by a thick forest and leading onto an oval-shaped, deep-locked marina. All six disembarked the Flux, confused as to why Justus had brought them to the deserted lake. All was quiet and not a hint of life disturbed the peace.
Aíron stuck close to Raj, who towered above her, smiling. Comforting. But she made sure to keep an eye on their captain, who in turn remained close to the blonde, curly-haired co-pilot and whispered every few seconds in short, nervous breaths. Dimal looked just as confused.
With the exception of Justus and Dimal, none of the crew had before stepped foot onto the light-aired surface of humanity’s original home. Aíron didn’t like it. The air was cool. It smelled strange, and was bitter to taste.
‘Don’t fret if you find yourself a little heavier out here,’ Justus told them.
‘Why did you look at me when you said that?’ Noah asked.
‘Gravity’s harder here than what you’re used to on the Flux. It’s similar to that on Mar-Andra and other Bravoralian moons.’ As he said it, Dimal shot him a glare and glanced towards Noah.
Noah cleared his throat. ‘Which of the Rivers did you say we are in?’
Raj cut in front. ‘Rivers?’
‘Yes,’ Justus said. ‘Seven Rivers make up the dominion of the Von.’
‘The Von?’
‘Damn it, Raj!’ Noah said. ‘Don’t you know anything?’
Raj turned on him. ‘I know how to control my own bladder!’
Aíron sniggered.
‘Yeah, yeah.’ Justus stepped towards the wooded area close by. ‘The Von, for the most part, control and govern the planet. Their power is focused here: the Seven Rivers, all across Euro, while the rest of Earth is governed by other autonomous communities.’
Noah continued, showing off. ‘Though the Von nevertheless retain influence in these autonomous communities,’ he said. ‘And they represent the world on an interplanetary basis. Isn’t that right, Justus?’
‘Yeah, yeah that’s right.’
‘Lovely,’ Raj mocked.
‘So,’ the grumpy medic said, ‘is there a reason I’ve been brought out here? Or was it simply to muddy my . . . oh my trousers too! Right, I’m going back inside!’
‘Just wait,’ Justus said sternly, looking out across the lake. ‘This place is personal to me. I’ve got to go for a while.’
‘Go?’ Aíron asked. ‘Go where? You’re not leaving, are you?’
‘No,’ he said. ‘I just need some time.’ He pointed across the blue-green body of water to a small island set in its middle. ‘There’s something over there I need to see. None of you need to come with me.’
‘Oh, good,’ Noah said, and along with Shree he turned to go back inside. ‘Too cold out here anyway.’
‘I’m gonna’ go with you,’ Dimal said, taking his hand.
Aíron frowned. ‘And me,’ she said. There was no way she was staying out of this one, too.
Justus considered her a moment, before nodding.
‘You’re sure?’ Raj asked. ‘Stay with me.’
‘I don’t want to,’ she said. ‘I want to go with them.’
‘Would you stay with the ship?’ Justus asked him. Raj looked hurt. But he nodded, took a brief look at Aíron, and retreated back on board.
The three took out the Flux’s inflatable raft and speedily set it up. Justus seemed in an awful hurry. Not a word was spoken as they moved across the open water, as though dread was building among them at what waited ahead. Justus’ head remained bowed in thought, his eyes difficult to discern in the lingering light, lost among the trees behind them.
Soon enough they found the bank, and clambered up, one by one, onto the tree-infested island. Justus took out his torch and directed its light through the impossible gaps in the tree line. He led the way through, slowly but surely, until they came to the other end of the small island.
‘Blast,’ he swore, and turned back again, leading them through thick ferns which tore at Aíron’s blue, knitted jumper. ‘Where is it? Where is it?’
‘What’s he looking for, Adra?’
‘I don’t know,’ she said. ‘I wish I did.’
After several sharp minutes, by which time the sun had completely disappeared, leaving their surroundings pitch black, Justus stopped near to the isle’s centre. Silent and completely breathless, he knelt down. Aíron and Dimal moved behind. Her captain’s hands braved thorns and bristles to pull apart the undergrowth, revealing a stone mound. It was laid into the ground and faced up, circular and smooth.
Aíron listened carefully to the silence around her, and amongst the hushed movement of birds and the trickling of water at the island’s shore she could have sworn Justus was crying. It scared her more than anything. Before she could move forward, Dimal had leant in and rested a hand on his stooped shoulder.
‘Who is it?’ Dimal asked.
Justus didn’t answer. He stroked the top of the smooth stone tomb. ‘I’m sorry,’ he whispered.
‘Is this why you left?’
Silence. Aíron turned away from them, stifling her own tears, half home sick, the other half she wasn’t sure. She gazed through the tree line at the Flux on the other shore. Still able to hear the other two, she stepped towards the edge.
‘Antal. Tell me. I’m here.’
The lights from inside the Flux were just about visible in the distance.
‘Antal, who is it?’
Raj would be sat there . . . alone. She should’ve stayed with him. She wasn’t wanted here.
‘She . . . She’s . . .’
Wait. Lights. The other side of the lake.
Aíron focused.
A dozen of them. All moving . . .
. . . towards the Flux!
‘She’s my mother,’ Justus said.
Aíron turned and rushed back.
‘What happened?’ Dimal asked.
He opened his eyes and looked up. ‘I killed her.’
‘JUSTUS! DIMAL!’
‘Quiet!’ Justus hissed, standing and lighting his electric weapon, which ignited and sparked a threatening red. He pointed it through the tree line and cried, ‘Stay still. I can see you!’
Aíron looked ahead and shuddered. A single shadow hung before them. Then it launched itself sideways. Justus fired the coiled weapon and blinding lightning, crimson red, burst through the trees. An ear-wrenching boom! followed and the shadow was gone.
As though in reply another thunderous boom! could be heard behind, in the distance, back across the water.
Justus spun. ‘The Flux!’
All three tore for the boat, and as they reached the bank Dimal cried out in horror.
‘NO!’ Justus screamed.
Across the lake, glowing like a roaring comet and raging like a furnace, the Crimson Flux exploded in a blinding eruption. A heat wave tore through them.
‘NOOO!’
Dimal threw her into the boat and they shot back toward the other side.
‘What is it?’ Dimal shrieked.
‘DOWN!’ Justus yelled, and he forced Aíron to the bottom of the boat as loud and powerful whizzes could be heard above.
‘The others!’ Dimal sobbed.
Aíron stayed quiet. Petrified. Unable to say anything. Raj is in there!
Shouts and screams could now be heard.
‘Whadda’ we do! Whadda’ we do!’ Dimal cried.
Justus stood high and fired the coilbolt. BOOM! More bullets shot by in reply. BOOM! He fired again. BOOM! BAROOOM!
‘ANTAL!’
‘We’re hit!’ he cried. ‘Into the water! GO!’
The following moments unfolded as part of a truly horrible nightmare. Aíron fell over the side, headfirst into the freezing water. She plunged under, then back up, and under again. She could hear the melting Flux. And as her breath was stolen from her, madness took hold and the burning craft, her new home, disappeared as well.


SIXTEEN




MISTRESS SUDANA CLOSED her crinkled eyelids.
Thoughts and memories amassed around her. Dim ghosts and obscure impressions of pale reminiscence assailing her mind. The world around her soundless and faded. A gentle tugging on her sleeve brought her focus to the child at her side. And though she knew the infant was not really there, painful tears surfaced and the child was quickly gone. The child was her. Back before the horrors of Europa. Back when long, beautiful auburn hair had covered her head and shoulders.
She called the little girl her Echo Child. For Sudana, her echo only presented itself when the memory was present. It gave her profound ability, but prevented her from doing the one thing she wished she could do. Forget.
Sudana blinked deeply and returned to the present. She averted her gaze to the blood-filled sky now consuming the cockpit’s casement and the men stood around her watched intently. She wiped the leaking from her eyes, and staring sternly at them deflected their eyes. She breathed out and pulled the veil back down.
‘Ifratin! Iburanil da hurtadinea,’ a shrewd voice declared over the intercom. ‘Welcome to Titan. Protectorate of Crilshar and the mighty House of Dishan.’
Sudana ignored the message and nodded to her captain. ‘Take us in slowly.’
‘Yes, Mistress.’ He guided their craft deliberately unhurried towards the many emerging domes. Within could be seen a thousand glimmering lights. But no surrogate sun, she noticed. These Crilshans wasted no time switching off the lights. Darkness and night would be the norm from here on out, and she knew she had better get used to it. She would not be leaving for some time.
Even after the horrors she herself had witnessed, Sudana found New Titan gloomy and frightening, exactly what one would expect from anywhere touched by the Dark Race. The atmosphere of horror and dread impressed upon her very bones. Like bubbles in a pond, the twelve rounded domes fused into one great city. At the centre, as her Crilshan escort drove her through the dark-filled streets, Sudana craned her neck up to see the central city’s great edifice. Around it, silver streaked towers were laid out before her like a dense, impenetrable forest of metal.
Not a single being was in sight, but every so often the Crilshan presence made itself known. Wire fences had been erected on every other corner, barricades and checkpoints to keep the indigenous population in check. Rotten, ruined scenery told the story of a once thriving world, the light and beauty once treasured now a decaying shell, ready to be interred. Sudana smiled. A greater city for the Dark Lord’s plans she could not envision.
A dome-like building stood out among the columned towers: the Command Dome, once home to the government of Titan, now Crilshan base of operations. What had happened to the government, military leaders, and council people she imagined she would soon find out. Then again, the Crilshan forces would tell her what they chose to. That sort of attitude was why she was here. That sort of attitude was going to be stamped out.


SEVENTEEN




THAT NIGHT, SUDANA looked out of the office of the Lady of Titan, no pane or fanlight yet installed to protect her from the bitter cool evening air. The looming lip of her hood hung low and the white-haired child sat beside her, sallow and whimpering.
Far below a group of Crilshan soldiers passed by the Command Dome in the direction of a lesser city. They dragged a young Titanese woman by her hair. She screamed and kicked. They laughed and cursed in their dark tongue.
Sudana looked away.
No respect. No mercy. No light.
She moved to sit at her desk. The sound of a gunshot passed through the streets. The frightened child whimpered and faded.
The office of Lady Maxim Pinzón was homely. Sudana could almost feel her old friend’s presence within it. Ah, poor Maxim. Poor Ximma. Dear agent of the Córonat and now the victim of a fate worse than death, sent to rot below the prison moon Hellfire. Oh much, much worse than death. Maxim Pinzón had been her friend beneath Europa. Before it all changed. Before their lives were turned the wrong way up.
Or perhaps the right way, she mused.
A knock on the door preceded the Crilshan general’s entrance. He entered and stood still, waiting for her to look up from her desk. She allowed him to wait a little longer. Through her veil she watched him grow impatient. He moved to the window’s edge. He was a typical Crilshan: neat and unexceptional in his appearance. His vulgarity was obvious by his very manner. He looked at her in disgust. She was, in spite of her role, impure.
When he spoke, Sudana ignored him and continued to read the preliminary reports on the screen embedded in her desk. He cleared his throat several times.
‘General Vagrida, isn’t it?’ she said.
‘It is.’ His voice was deep, authoritative, with a touch of sincerity.
‘And you’re here to tell me about the craft that was discovered outside the cities last night.’
He was surprised she knew already, but proceeded as though he didn’t care. ‘Seven occupants were found, including one Crilshan. He is currently being debriefed. A trusted agent—’
‘I want that report before morning,’ she said. ‘I shall leave it to you to decide the agent’s fate. Do we know the craft’s origin?’
‘It was a Titanese shuttlecraft, of interstellar type Gattac-Boon. Its captain was with them. One Diego Ferranti. He is now in a cell in the Martial City. He is being interrogated as well.’
‘No,’ she said. ‘I will do that myself. In fact, I will see all of them.’
‘But you—’
‘But I what? Am incapable? Not to be trusted?’
‘That is not what I—’
‘You say seven were found. What of the other five?’ She knew the answer, but wanted to put him on the spot.
He looked uncomfortable. ‘Two young females from Titan themselves, and an elderly woman. The sixth is an unknown female. The last, however, is interesting.’
‘Tell me.’
‘An abomination,’ he said. ‘A man. Half . . . Crilshan.’
‘Xerin Kramer,’ she said.
‘How did you—’
‘I will question them myself. Although as to the issue of where they’ve been I imagine I have some clue.’
Vagrida looked at her objectionably.
‘You know what I am, don’t you, General?’
‘Ifra. I know exactly what you are.’
‘Then you must wonder what exactly my echo is.’
Vagrida ignored her, attempted to change the subject. ‘I must insist, Mistress, that my men have claim to these prisoners, and consequently the knowledge of their recent whereabouts. Titan is under Dishan rule. Those are my orders.’
Sudana said nothing and leaned back upon the soft leather seat. ‘Why do you think you are here, General?’
‘It is you who seems to be confused. Why do you think I am here?’
‘You lead the invasion of Rotavar two months ago, did you not?’
‘I did. What is your point? ’
Sudana smiled. ‘Didn’t end well, did it?’
‘It ended as I was ordered to end it. The planet has been razed now, anyway. If you are attempting to put me at unease, khulul, I have to say you are failing miserably.’
Sudana sat up straight. ‘Unease? Ha!’ She thrust her torso forward. ‘I’ll tell you why you are here, Vagrida. You are here because you’re a pawn. The Dishan trust you. Because you obey. Because you do not question. Because you follow orders. Wivartha Dishan wants control of Titan, he always has, so much so that he has forgotten why. One thing he must never forget, however, is that Lord Malizar is in control. That’s why I am here.’
‘My lords—’
‘Your lords,’ she said, ‘are allowed to think they have Titan under their command. Now you know different.’
Vagrida scowled. He did not hide his scorn. ‘Have you not read the report on the state of this colony and my High Lord’s plans for it?’
Sudana closed her eyes, summoning her echo. He was not listening. The child materialized nearby. There was nothing else for it.
 ‘Mistress?’
Sudana held up her hand. Slowly she stood, moved back around the desk, and turned toward him. She removed her veil and at once the Crilshan’s reaction betrayed him. He attempted to disguise the way he recoiled at her damaged, peeling skin, missing nose, and bulging eyeballs, but she could see it in his eyes.
‘You fear me,’ she said.
‘No, my lady.’
‘My name is Sudana.’
‘Of course.’ His reaction was typical. The damage she bore across most of her body was common among her Order. Many young Iástrons had suffered similar injuries as Europa fell, as Lord Malizar freed them from the shackles of their old master. The silver masks were originally worn to conceal their horrific deformities. Sudana preferred a veil.
General Vagrida breathed out, unsure what to do.
As they faced each other, she glanced at the little girl sat upon the floor nearby, and nodded. The Echo Child stood, glided towards the general. He seemed to realise that something was happening and so froze, unable to move, breathing in measured, aching gasps. The girl reached out her small, shaking hands and took hold of his wrist. His face could not turn paler than it already was, but his eyes widened in the cold shock of it.
‘I do not answer to you,’ she said.
Vagrida grunted, fighting the effects of the vaporous process now taking place.
‘You answer to me.’
He shook his wrist, but the girl held on.
‘And now my echo and I will show you why.’
The General breathed out slowly, and his breath, pale blue and spectral wonder, revealed an image. Lingering, the pale air formed the shape of a woman: old and bloody, battered and weeping. Vagrida shook in terror, trembling, filled with the agony of reflection. The old woman split in two. The cloud parted and two men, also bloody and beaten, took her place. Again and again they divided. Each was lost and replaced, until more than a dozen surrounded the whimpering general. Then they moved in.
Sudana’s heart thumped. She understood who they were. Her echo, the small child, allowed her this.
‘You were renowned for your brutality beneath Crilshar,’ she whispered. ‘But in your heart . . . in your mind . . . you are haunted by your past. Your choices. The lives you took.’
He whimpered like the little girl. They both shook, encircled by the clouded forms, furious images of men and women drawing closer, suffocating . . .
‘Please,’ he whimpered.
‘Now I know your pain. Before you simply feared me, but now you tremble with terror at what I can do.’
‘Please . . .’
Sudana looked to the white-locked girl, nodded. She let go. The eerie apparitions scattered. The general fell to his knees, his whole body shaking. For minutes he remained there. Sudana watched patiently until eventually he looked up.
‘I do not answer to you,’ she said once more. ‘You answer to me. Not your High Lord. My master has many plans for Titan, and you will aid our effort in any way you can.’
He found his knees.
‘Is that clear?’
‘Yes, S . . . Sudana.’
‘Good,’ she said. ‘Now stand. We have much to do.’


EIGHTEEN




A BITTER BREEZE tore a hole through Aíron Veryan’s sopping wet head as she was dragged through bushes and trees, along clinging dirt, and over stinging leaves. Her body was numb, her whole figure shaking. Opening her eyes she could make out a drenched Adra Dimal following behind. Justus’ voice came from above.
At last they stopped, and Justus lowered her onto her back among a pile of twigs. In the silence, the crackling spit of fire could be heard nearby. She sat up, realised immediately that they had circled around and were now behind the burning Flux.
‘Raj!’
‘Quiet!’ Dimal said from beside.
‘Sorry.’
‘You okay?’
She nodded.
Justus knelt nearby. ‘Remove your wet clothes,’ he said. ‘The top layers, at least.’ Aíron did so, and he placed his long black overcoat around her. ‘Stay here,’ he said. ‘I won’t be long.’
‘Justus, we—’ Dimal started.
‘Stay here, Adra. If I’m not back soon, head for Vortan’s. He won’t be hard to find.’
Justus crept away. Neither Aíron nor Dimal spoke. They could feel the heat from the burning carcass of the Flux in their hiding place. The disgusting smell that came with it threatened to knock them sick.
Who were those figures? Surely Raj, Shree, and Noah had survived. They had to. They were her new family. Then again maybe she deserved to lose them. She had been so quick to tear off in a desperate adventure. If she’d had any idea it would be like this . . .
A loud snap nearby. Dimal moved close and put her arms around her. Huddled tight, the two held their breath. Voices nearby. Men’s voices. Deep and searching. Aíron shivered. The cold wind and the wet clothes had rapidly taken their toll. Her body shook violently.
‘Couldn’t we m . . . move closer to . . . to the wre . . . wreck?’ she asked. Dimal’s lips were blue. ‘I can’t b . . . b . . . b . . . breathe, Adra.’
‘We shouldn’t,’ she said. ‘Whoever did this is . . . still out there. They’re obviously . . . dangerous.’
‘I know, but—’
Another snap. Another twig cracking nearby. Shapes moved. Heading closer. Both hunched up and held their breath once more as a figure entered through the tree line.
‘Guys?’ Justus called. ‘You here?’
‘We’re here,’ Dimal said, up on her feet. ‘Where’re the others?’
Aíron clambered up, still wrapped tightly in the cosy black coat, to see Noah follow behind Justus. He looked startled and shaky. But no Shree. No Raj.
‘Where are they?’ Dimal repeated. ‘What’s happened?’
Justus found his breath and swallowed. ‘We need to move. Now.’
‘We’ll explain on the way,’ Noah said.
‘Tell us now,’ Dimal said.
‘They’re still about. Looking for us.’ Justus reached for her. ‘We don’t have time—’
‘Make time,’ she said. ‘I’m going nowhere until you tell me where Raj and Shree are!’
‘Adra,’ Noah said.
Aíron moved forwards, but Dimal wouldn’t move.
‘Okay,’ Justus said, trembling himself. ‘Masked men. They blew up the Flux. They have vehicles nearby. Must have followed us here.’
‘The ones you saw?’
He took a step closer. ‘I don’t know. Noah says they entered the Flux and fired on them.’
‘No!’ she said. ‘Raj and Shree?’
‘Taken.’
‘And he told you that?’ she said, gesturing towards the shivering medic. Aíron watched his face reflect the distant firelight. He looked purely insulted.
‘And just what do you mean by that?’ Noah retorted.
‘It doesn’t matter.’ She looked to Justus.
‘It most certainly does!’
‘Now hold on,’ Justus said. ‘This isn’t the time. I told you what you want to know, Adra. Now come on.’
‘Please,’ Aíron said.
Dimal nodded, hesitated, and took Justus’ outstretched hand.


‘How was it you weren’t taken?’ Dimal demanded of Noah. The group panted, struggling up a deep ravine leading away from the column of dark smoke behind.
‘Later,’ Justus said. ‘Let’s get out of here first.’
‘If you really want to know,’ Noah replied, ‘I was outside . . . getting some well-deserved fresh air. There was the explosion. Then I was on my back.’ He breathed in. ‘I saw them . . . dragged away by masked men. Kicking and screaming.’ He mumbled and snivelled on at the back of the group.
Dimal kept her retort to herself. His words did nothing to wipe out her worry. She looked back across the lake. The blazing fireball that was her home stared back. It was only when she closed her eyes, the fire burnt into her mind, that it hit her. None of them had anything. No home. No possessions. All they had was each other, and even there they were short. She prayed Raj and Shree were okay. Justus would have a plan. They’d get them back – she knew it.
The four emerged at the top of the hill, through a cluster of trees, and onto a wide, open highway. Darkness in both directions. Life on neither.
‘Where are we?’ she asked.
‘Route nine,’ Aíron said.
‘How do you know?’
She pointed to the road sign above.
‘Oh.’
‘We won’t have to wait long,’ Justus said. ‘Route nine is one of the most direct roads into Avaris City. Hell knows why it’s so quiet.’
Just as he had said, the sharp headlights of a vehicle flared over the horizon after only a few minutes. A large van shot along the road in an unsettling silence, its bright-beam casting a ghostly view of the lost crew as they gathered themselves.
Justus stepped calmly out into the middle of the road. The other three watched with horror. The van stopped dead. In a matter of seconds a heavy-set man climbed out, rolling his sleeves up and yelling, ‘What in the Von’s name do you think you’re acting out! Jumping out like that. I outta’ take another go ‘atcha!’
Noah waved nervously at the two young women sat within. One ignored him and the other shot him a hand gesture Dimal could only guess was an insult.
Justus stood his ground and didn’t seem one ounce thrown by the angry man’s size. Dimal knew what he was thinking. She took out her blaster, handed it to him. He offered it towards the large man in warning.
‘Your shirt,’ he said. ‘Take it off. Noah, get those girls out of there.’
‘Now hold on,’ the man said. ‘You dare—’
Crack! Justus fired the blaster at the ground and aimed it at him again. ‘Dimal, get the girls out of that van.’
She did as she was told and opened the passenger door. Noah watched their frightened faces and stuck out his tongue.


In no time the four were racing down the dark road, bordered by trees on all sides. Justus changed into the dry red shirt while the girls swapped into the clothes they had taken from their midnight robbery. Aíron didn’t see any point in wearing them at all: the skirts and vests were so scant and inadequate she could see every nook and cranny Dimal possessed. She averted her gaze and stared out the window into the dark.
‘You nearly got yourself killed back there,’ Dimal said, pulling the clearly-too-small band down her neckline.
‘Yeah,’ Justus said, ‘but I didn’t—’
‘Don’t “yeah but I didn’t” me!’
‘I would have used the coil,’ he said. ‘But it’s broken. Shot out of my hand back there.’
Aíron wrestled with her new clothes, stretching them around her uncomfortably. ‘That was very dangerous, Justus.’
‘I’m fine,’ he said. ‘We’re fine.’
Noah started, ‘It’s just that—’
‘Enough,’ Dimal said. ‘What’s the plan then, Cap’n? You obviously have one. Where’re we going? Vortan’s?’
Justus nodded once. ‘But just in case we’re followed or intercepted, or if he’s not there, we need some insurance. We’ll need a new vehicle too. Can’t keep this one. We need to stay off the grid. We need help.’
‘You’re not thinking—’
‘Yes, Adra.’
‘Surely there’s somewhere else.’
‘There isn’t. You don’t have to come.’
‘I’ll go!’ Aíron jumped up from beside Noah as though she had been electrocuted.
Dimal turned. ‘You don’t even know what we’re talking about.’
‘I don’t care. I’ll go . . . with Justus.’
Dimal glanced at Noah for backup. ‘Don’t look at me,’ he said. ‘If she wants to go, let her. No one usually cares what I think.’
‘She can come,’ Justus said.
‘What?’
‘I can?’
‘She might be useful.’ He glanced back at Aíron, sat uncomfortably in heavy boots, a short green skirt, and matching vest. ‘Besides,’ he smiled, ‘she looks the part.’


NINETEEN




INSIDE HIS DARK manor house, encircled by nameless, weather-beaten gravestones, the reputable-though-reclusive Von Lanfranc Vortan stirred. The brown leather glove which lay on his bedside table buzzed and chimed. Vortan’s lean upper body rose ninety degrees and he placed his arm inside it, lifting the glove to his mouth.
‘What NOW?!’
—My Lord Von. We found them.
‘And?’
—We have two. The others escaped.
‘Find them then. You know what you’re doing.’
—We already have, said the caller. We’re tracking them via a vehicle they stole on route nine. Four of them. Heading towards the city.
‘Well find them and follow the necessary paths. This should have left my knowledge once they stepped foot off my Athenaeum.’
—Apologies, Von Vortan.
‘Don’t apologize. Just take care of them.’
—Of course.
He removed the leather glove and placed it back onto the table, but remained sat, lean hands forming a steeple beneath his chin. These trespassers would be found and dealt with. This was not his problem. There was no need to be concerned. No. He would lose no sleep tonight.


TWENTY




IN THE FAR south of the great River Francium, constantly threatened by storms from the east and floods from the neighboring mountains, Avaris City was awash with privation. Like many of the other great cities in recent years it was fast becoming destitute and lacking in much needed direction. Local Von affiliates had signed over all but few of the rights to the city to businesses and regional clusters of authority. They in turn had carved out their quarter and solved little else, leaving mouths to feed and work to be done. There was no question about this. It was clear for all to see.
The ground beneath Aíron’s feet thudded and thumped as she followed Justus down the floodlit street – grotty, smelly, and damp. Just like her. It was obviously late, but the streets were full of life, albeit sordid and unclean. The stars were masked with clouds which glowed orange in the city’s blank reflection. Horns and music blared on every corner and the buildings around her stretched higher than she could see. Not in her wildest dreams had she imagined a world like this. The stories she had heard of Earth were true. She wanted to leave.
The lane they moved down bustled with unsavoury figures. Whores in doorsteps. Beggars in the drain. In truth, they were not what frightened her. It was Justus. He walked beside her, arms by his sides, his head bowed down, bearing a brash smirk he flashed at nearly every woman he passed. It was almost like he was comfortable. Like he enjoyed it.
They fought their way across a busy road and she felt light drops of rain begin to fall. The air smelled bitterer than before. ‘Are we near?’ she asked Justus. He didn’t reply. ‘Antal, where are we going?’
He looked at her. The smirk disappeared. He said nothing and began to walk faster. Aíron gazed in disbelief as he slithered past a passing man and, in the blink of an eye, lifted from inside his jacket pocket a small, leather pouch. She shuffled along, mouth gaping, and followed him down the street at twice the pace.
‘What was—?’
‘We need money,’ he said.
‘But you—’
He took her arm and pulled her into a shadowy corner. The rain fell heavier and Aíron felt her hair soak through. ‘Where we’re going,’ he said. ‘It isn’t nice. You sure you want to?’
She nodded, sniffed.
‘Good. Because I’m going to need you.’
Despite the situation, Aíron found a small smile creep into the corner of her mouth. He needed her.
Justus took her hand again and led her down a nearby alley, lit by blood-red fluorescent lights. She felt dizzy, tired, cold. She realised it had been hours since they had eaten.
At the end of the path of blood-light lay a large opening. Four men dressed smartly in black stood outside. The ground continued to shake beneath her.
At the entrance a large man held out his arm. ‘You regulars?’
‘M-hmm,’ Justus said.
‘You sure?’
‘I just said so, didn’t I?’
‘Hey, do I recognise you?’ a second sentry probed.
‘I doubt it.’
‘You sure? I could swear.’
‘One of those faces.’
‘They all say that.’
Justus laughed. The sentry smirked, staring Aíron up and down. He winked at her and said, ‘Two?’
‘Two,’ Justus repeated.
Her heart raced. Had he needed her simply to get inside?
The large man continued to watch her. ‘Slot?’ he said.
Justus held out the stolen pouch and produced a small, circular card. The sentry took it and placed it through his belt, which flashed green. He nodded and stepped aside.
As they walked past the guard, entering the opening and descending the tall flight of stairs that followed, the source of the vibration became clear. Music – loud as a vessel and as powerful as a violent airstream – beckoned her in. He led her down a mist-ridden crevice, her hand held in his, and they emerged in an underground level, packed with people moving and dancing strangely to the music which now pulsed through Aíron to the point where she felt sick.
Justus gripped her hand tighter and dragged her past a wall of dancing bodies. Past a long, multicoloured bar they moved, and it seemed everyone she passed knocked into her as though they meant to. He pulled her through a set of double-doors and there down another flight of steps. Where was he taking her? Better yet, why were they even here? It was now apparent to the young girl just why Dimal hadn’t wanted to come.
‘And just where are you two going?’ a black-suited man, bald and brutish, demanded, stepping from the shadows, half way down the stairs. ‘Turn back and don’t come down here again.’ He was not asking.
He reminded Aíron of the guard almuits she had had back in the grounds of her old home. Except those canines could be controlled.
Justus didn’t move. ‘Is he here tonight?’
‘Turn back and get the fuck out,’ the almuit said, lifting his jacket to reveal a gleaming weapon at his waist. A series of flickering gold teeth set in his large jaw completed the picture.
‘I need to see Ditton,’ Justus said.
Aíron glimpsed a further two men appear behind them: two men that had stood at the main doorway. Two men who also carried gleaming pistols. She squeezed Justus’ hand, but he ignored her and repeated, ‘I need to see him. Tell Jules Ditton that Antal Justus is here.’
A hand touched her shoulder and she was dragged back up the steps. Justus said nothing and allowed himself to be pushed up too. ‘Big mistake coming down here,’ one growled at Aíron.
‘Oh yes,’ the almuit said, breathing down her neck. ‘You wait ‘till the boys get you and your friend outside.’
‘Ignore them,’ Justus said. ‘I’ll stamp the rest of his teeth from his jaw before they lay a hand on you.’
The men laughed in mockery. Aíron gulped. The almuit took out his pistol and propped it up against her captain’s forehead.
‘Ritanick, stop!’ a voice called from the bottom of the steps.
‘What?’ he barked.
‘Bring him back down!’
‘What? Why?’
‘Because I said so!’ the other man spat, running up after them. ‘Quickly!’
Aíron watched Justus smirk at the Almuit, before reaching across for her shaking hand. 
‘No no,’ the man said. ‘He only wants you, Justus. She stays here.’
‘If she doesn’t come, I don’t.’
‘It’s all right,’ Aíron said, straining to keep the fear from her voice. ‘I’ll wait up here for you.’
Justus hesitated. He had needed her to get inside, but now she would help by staying out of his way. She nodded and smiled weakly. He smiled back, disappearing down the cloudy steps and out of sight.
‘Back in there!’ the man behind her snarled and she found herself forced back into the thunderous, flood-filled room. She stepped back and stood outside the double-doors.
‘You can’t stand there!’ he said.
‘Who says?’ she cried above the clamour.
He stepped forward and backed Aíron into the crowd before continuing up and out towards the entrance. Knocked back and forth and down to the ground, she slowly found her feet, looked around, and made for the entrance. It took forever, but as she reached the misty corridor, a scream called out. Dark figures moved past her, the glint of metal masks unmistakable through blinking bursts of light. They knocked her aside like they would a child. Backed into the wall, she shuddered. ‘Oh no.’


TWENTY-ONE




THE CONSTANT, IRRITATING rapping of Noah’s fingernails on the vehicle’s plastic windows quickly became too much for Dimal. Already fretting about her decision not to go with Justus to see Ditton, she couldn’t help but relive what he’d said to her at his mother’s grave. She didn’t want to believe it. The reassuring voice in her head, however, was not enough to dissuade her of the truth in his admission. She reminded herself that Antal Justus had not always been the man she now knew.
‘Will you stop that!’ she said to Noah, who recoiled farther into the back seat and sat still with his hands on his lap.
A group of men and women staggered past. I could use a drink myself, she thought. She was considering following Justus when a loud thump shook her in her seat. ‘Noah, will you—’
But his hands remained on his lap, his head tilted up, eyes wide with fear.
Before she could react, the front window broke inwards. Covered in glass, Dimal was pulled from inside, dragged across the bonnet, and the thrown into the road.
‘Noah!’ she cried.
Screams erupted from the passing women. Dimal shuddered at the sight of three cloaked figures stood above her. One jumped on top of the vehicle. Another moved for the window. The third reached within and pulled Noah out, tossing him onto his back beside her.
She reached for her blaster only to remember that she’d left it on the passenger seat. The three figures, faces covered by metal masks, turned eerily and slowly towards them. Noah clambered to his feet, but Dimal sat. They could take her if they wanted. Or kill her. It made no difference anymore.
‘Adra . . .’
Just get it over with.
‘Adra, look!’
Dimal closed her eyes. Waited. Three echoing booms followed, and she opened her eyes to witness all three thrown far across the street and through the nearby building.
Noah whimpered to himself. Dimal understood what had happened, though she still found it hard to believe. Standing, she staggered forwards and gazed up at the man kneeling on the top of the vehicle. Old and panting and holding tightly a spiked silver sceptre, he stared back, and nodded.
Her mouth fell open. ‘You!’


‘Take a seat.’ Jules Ditton offered Justus a chair. ‘I said sit.’
Justus sat, legs apart and hands resting upon his thighs. He scanned the room which, though low-lit, didn’t completely conceal the six bodyguards positioned in the shadows.
Ditton took his place before a grey-marble piano and proceeded to play, tenderly and talented. Justus said nothing, keeping his head facing forwards but allowing his eyes to search the room for a means of escape. It would surely come to it. It always did. But there was nothing. No way out.
Minutes passed. Justus watched Ditton, who didn’t look up from the piano. He boasted a neat black suit which only made his brawny build more noticeable. A newly shaven face shone almost as much as his hairless head.
The melody continued. There would be no point in beginning the conversation; if he played it that way he wouldn’t be down here long. Jules Ditton started the conversations here, nobody else. It was his club, and Justus knew more than anyone that he was risking his life by his very being here.
A bead of sweat dripped down his head. It was taking too long.
‘I’d have thought the amount of times you do this, you’d be good at it by now,’ Justus said, surprising even himself with his desperate attempt at audacity.
The playing stopped. His heart thumped quicker. Then again, it could have been the pulsing tremor coming from the room upstairs. Ditton opened his wide-spaced, severe eyes and brushed his hand over his bare head. ‘Say it again,’ he breathed.
Justus winced. ‘I said I’d have—’
Bam! Ditton punched the piano keys with both hands. ‘You have some nerve coming back here!’ he screamed. ‘A whole lotta’ fuckin’ nerve!’
Justus stood. ‘Now Ditton, I—’
‘Where is she, ‘ey? Where’d you take her? Somewhere nice, I hope!’
Big mistake, he thought. Should have kept your mouth shut.
‘The money too!’ Ditton growled, rising. ‘Pretty little rich boy not have enough? Needs to take what don’t belong to him, steal, and disappear?’
Justus backed towards the door. Yup. Big mistake.
Ditton took out a pistol of his own and held it by his side. ‘Where is she, Antal?’
‘Where’s who?’
His fist slammed down on the piano top. ‘SHUT UP!’
‘I—’
‘Adra Dimal. You stole her from me. Tell me where she is!’
‘She’s dead,’ he said, hanging his head in dramatic fashion.
‘I don’t believe you.’
‘I swear. Long time ago.’
‘My money?’
‘You’ll get it all back, I swear.’
‘You swear a lot.’
‘So it appears. You’ll get it all. But I . . . need some help. Trust me, if there was anyone else I wouldn’t be bothering you. All I need is some transport, a weapon—’
‘Eight years. Do you know what you’re asking?’ He brandished his pistol. ‘I’d rather shoot you with this than give you it.’
‘You know, I hear that a lot.’
‘Where’ve you been all this time, Justus?’
‘Far away.’
Ditton sat back down. ‘You’re still wanted for murder. Poor old mother of yours. Not to mention absence from the forces. I hear there’s an attractive rate going for your head, with eight years of interest.’
‘I’m not that important, surely.’
A knock on the door. Ditton nodded and a bikini-clad young woman entered carrying a selection of drinks.
Justus wasn’t surprised he’d been greeted like this. He’d been Ditton’s golden boy several years back. A member of the gang. In his late teens he’d fallen in with the wrong crowd. Stupid. Violent. A different person. Things were good until he’d fallen for his boss’ new girl: a slave from the Systems calling herself Adra Dimal. After everything went sour with his family, his mother’s death, he hadn’t known what to do. Then Ditton found out about him and Dimal. He’d taken her and Ditton’s money and left, enlisting in Earth Forces in order to gain access to a craft. Not once had he looked back. What he had done to his mother was too much. And he’d been right: he should have stayed away.
Sensing the tension, the underdressed woman left, closing the door behind her. One of the large bodyguards stood in front of it, stopping Justus from getting close.
Almost right away a knock struck the other side of the door. Ditton ignored it and looked at him sourly. ‘There’s something different about you, Justus. You were always cocky. You always had a chip on those convincing shoulders of yours. But you’d never challenge me. You had some respect for me, you had that going for you.’
‘I’m not a boy anymore.’
‘Doesn’t make a fuckin’ difference to me! I’d have killed you then, and I’ll kill you now.’
Another knock on the door.
‘Ditton, all I need—’ 
‘Listen to me, you little shit. I don’t give a fuck about what you want.’
A third knock, then banging, much louder now.
‘I’ll take it that’s a no to any help then?’
‘A no? Oh, not a no.’ He downed his drink. ‘A bullet though . . . yes.’
No thud this time. Instead the door was thrown from its hinges, knocking the bodyguard out. Justus swore and threw himself behind the piano. Bullets rang, striking the walls, the half-tonne instrument, and the bodyguards spread throughout the room.
He watched Ditton dive behind the bar top, before appearing once more with a shotgun. He aimed it at their attackers and a deafening blast took out his hearing.
Justus struggled for breath; the realisation hit him as masked men forced their way through. They’ve followed us! Aíron!
‘SHOOT THEM!’ Ditton’s lips moved without sound. ‘KILL THEM!’ The bodyguards fired reflex-guns, emptying them at the door where more of the hooded and cloaked forms forced their way in. There was no stopping them. Their faces were encased in glistening metal, but Justus could see the vicious looks on their faces as they fired in every direction.
Though hidden behind the large metal bar, and waving state-of-the-art weapons, Ditton’s men fell almost instantaneously. Ditton screamed and fired, the only one left.
Justus spotted the gold-toothed man’s pistol nearby. He had to get out. He had to get to Aíron. Without thinking he reached for the gun. But a heavy boot slammed down on his hand and a hot, jarring pain shot through his shoulder.
No. I have to get to Aíron . . . and the others.
All went silent. A bright light filled the room. The pain in his shoulder took over. He felt himself shifted and picked up as the room swirled and faded.


TWENTY-TWO




A FORKED FLASH of lightning shot across the sky and for a moment a triangular spire materialized in the distance as Dimal forced the vehicle up the narrow road, bushes and branches scraping the windshield as she held her foot to the floor. Beside her shivered Aíron – silent and in shock. In the back, Justus lay sprawled across Noah and the odd old man who had come to the captain’s rescue. He’d chosen his moment pretty damn well.
The medic held his hands firmly down on Justus’ bleeding shoulder. ‘Justus? Justus?’ Noah repeated. ‘You hear me, Captain?’
Justus didn’t answer.
‘You sure we’re not being followed?’ Dimal asked the old man.
‘I’m sure,’ he said.
She turned a sharp corner, difficult in the overpowering dark, and continued on at speed. ‘The tracker’s definitely been removed?’
‘With my own hand, Adra. Turn left here.’
Without thinking she obeyed. ‘And you think we’ll be safe here?’
‘I know you will.’
‘He needs proper medical attention,’ Noah said. ‘Without proper equipment there’s nothing much I can do.’
‘He’ll be okay,’ said the old man. ‘He’s strong. You can help him, Noah.’
Dimal held off looking back. Was it possible? Could he know about the – what did Justus call it – the echo? He knew too much. He’d known too much when she’d received his signal and met him on Mars. But it was because of him, she reminded herself, that they were able to save their captain from that horrible place to begin with.
‘Follow the road right round,’ he said. ‘And you’ll be taken directly to Von Vortan’s manor. He will help you. And Antal.’ Then he leaned forward and whispered, ‘Stop the vehicle, Adra.’
‘What? Why?’
‘So I may get out.’
‘Get out? No. You’re coming with us.’
‘Not yet.’
‘Listen! I saved Justus as you said and he’s come back. He’s here. Just as you said. You can’t ditch us now.’
‘I am not ditching you,’ he said. ‘You’ll see me again. You have my word.’
Several silent seconds passed, and she raised her foot from the pedal. The vehicle groaned to a stop and the old man stepped out. Dimal looked back to her captain, still lay on Noah’s lap.
‘Why are we—’ Noah began.
She opened her door and clambered from the vehicle. ‘Wait!’
The man turned, sceptre in hand. Red, blue, and gold garments carried by the biting wind. ‘I know what you’re going to ask, Adra. But I can’t tell you. Not yet.’
‘Please,’ she said. ‘Who are you?’
He turned his back on her, walked several paces, and twisted back. A flash of lightning filled the sky. Dimal covered her eyes. But when she looked back, the man had dissolved into the rain filled mist. She ran forward, span back and forth. But there was no denying it. He’d left them.
‘Dimal!’ came a cry from behind. It was Aíron. ‘Dimal, come on!’
She rushed in and leaned into the back seat.
Noah’s hands were covered in his captain’s blood. Aíron had climbed into the seat beside to help stop the bleeding. Dimal feared the worst. Justus mumbled and groaned. Delusional. His eyes opened and fluttered before rolling back and closing.
‘Anna,’ he said. ‘It’s gil . . . axiad. That’s what . . . it is!’
‘What?’ Aíron sobbed. ‘What’s he saying?’
‘What’s wrong with him?’ Dimal put her foot down and forced them down the road dangerously fast.
Noah gulped. ‘I don’t know!’
‘Gilaxiad . . . Anna . . .’


The stolen silver vehicle, streamline and swift, pulled out of the tree line and swerved into a field of black. Another crash of light filled the night sky. A huge gate stood before them, blocking the way through to a long drive which lead to the stone building. Dimal shivered.
‘What is this place?’ Aíron mumbled.
‘Quiet,’ Dimal said, and the two passengers watched silently as she pushed a switch on top of the central dash.
The sound of static filled the vehicle and a voice spoke:
—The Von Vortan is not expecting anybody. He does not wish for callers tonight, came a female voice in a stern accent. Leave now or the appropriate services shall be contacted.
‘No, wait,’ Dimal said. ‘It’s an emergency. Antal Justus is with me.’
—Antal who?
‘Antal Justus.’
Silence.
‘Please,’ Aíron said. ‘This is no joke. We need to come in!’
—If Master Justus is there, have him speak.
Dimal looked at Justus, who lay still again. She turned back. ‘He can’t. He’s injured. Please . . .’
—I cannot wake my Von with nuisances.
‘Think!’ she said. ‘How would even know his name, never mind where he lives, if we didn’t at least know him? He’s here with me!’
Silence again. Then:
—I will not wake my Von at this hour. The services have been alerted.
‘Fuck you, then,’ Dimal said. ‘To hell with this. I’ll wake him!’ She forced the switch back down, picked up her blaster, and leaned out of the window.
A bright blue light soared from her blaster and over the gate, trailing smoke towards the house. It burst brighter above them. She fired again – this time at the gate’s lock. She reversed the vehicle several metres and with an almighty crash broke through.
‘Now you’ve done it,’ Noah said. All three leaned forwards, and in the bright blue hew of the flare gazed up in amazement. Rain-lashed stonework reached as high as any of their necks would crane, spreading from tower to tower. A dozen lofty crowns formed the immediate structure; and in the centre, at the very top, protruded a grand spire, coned in shape and crossed at the summit.
‘I know what this is,’ Noah said.
‘What?’ Aíron asked.
He nodded out of the girl’s window at the waning blue light. ‘See those, there?’
‘Aye. There’s hundreds of them. What are they?’
‘Tombstones,’ he said.
The vehicle ground to a halt before the trail of steps leading up to the grand building’s front door, and the three bounded out, each with a careful grip on their captain, who slumped as lifeless as ever. Dimal looked up to see the grand door at the top of the steps already open. In the doorway stood a man.
‘Antal!’ the figure called, bounding down to help the three carry him in. ‘Water!’ Up the steps, the door slamming shut behind them. ‘Water and towels!’ he said. Several servants disappeared through the rooms leading off from the entrance hall.
Noah breathed out loudly and cleared his throat. ‘He’s not giving birth, dammit! And he’s certainly not some lost canine! Take us to the kitchen, or somewhere with a large, open surface, closest to the kitchen.’
Von Vortan stopped. At least, Dimal imagined that’s who he was. Dressed in a dark-brown night gown, he looked like he belonged in one of the graves outside. He was tall and emaciated, weak-looking and sallow. Almost ill.
‘And just who are you?’ Vortan boomed.
‘He’s the man who’s going to save Justus’ life,’ Dimal said. ‘Now get him what he needs.’
‘Who are you?’
‘Adra Dimal. He told me about you, Lanfranc Vortan. He needs you now, not to save him, but to trust us. If he were awake right now he’d tell you—’
‘To shut the hell up.’
They looked down to Justus, who stared up, bleary-eyed and paler than ever. He smiled weakly, and looked from Vortan to Dimal, before tensing up and collapsing again.
‘No!’ Aíron squeaked. ‘Noah, do something!’
‘Take us,’ Noah said to Vortan.
‘An open surface?’
‘Near the kitchen, yes.’
‘Will the kitchen do?’
‘Of course!’
Dimal followed. ‘Aíron, wait out here.’
‘I don’t want to!’
‘I said wait!’
‘You too, Adra,’ Noah said. ‘He and I can take care of this.’
‘I don’t think so.’
‘Justus wouldn’t want you seeing him like this.’
‘If you think I’m going to abandon him.’
Noah nodded to Aíron. ‘She’s only a child. Take care of her. Let me see to the captain.’
Dimal stepped back as the two men hauled the man she loved through into the kitchen, the door swinging shut behind them.
‘I need something to cut his clothes with,’ she heard Noah shout.
‘Right away.’
‘And water. Get me water.’
Dimal and Aíron waited outside for what felt like hours. One of the servants brought them some hot cocoa, which helped a little. But not enough. Neither said a word. She wanted to comfort Aíron, but she didn’t know what to say. If he died, she didn’t plan on sticking around.
At long last, Noah came out of the kitchen. Blood stained his arms and clothes.
‘Now what?’ she asked.
Noah sighed complacently, and shrugged his shoulders.


TWENTY-THREE




THERE WAS STILL the chance to escape.
Anna’s mind raced. If she were quick they could do it. Find a way past the guards and out to a craft. She had done it before. She had no idea where the others were, but she and Gílana could get out. It had been a mistake. An awful error. Coming back was going to cost them their lives.
Anna sat on her couch in the silent apartment, her little sister spread out across her lap. She stared up at the ceiling, and every so often out of the window to eternal night. Exhausted, Gílana had cried herself to sleep. Anna hadn’t slept a moment. If the surrogate sun had been working, the light would be fading at this time. All was quiet.
Then silence no more. A sound outside the door. She ran her hand through Gílana’s hair, stroking her head, rousing her softly. Both waited, knowing there was nowhere to run. Wait, no. Anna’s thoughts twisted towards the concealed entrance to the vault. Could they? No. Time was up. Three Crilshans entered into their home and smiled when they saw the two sisters.
Anna sat Gílana down, then stood. ‘What do you want?’
‘Quiet!’
She said nothing more. Without explanation, the Crilshans escorted the two, terrified and silent, out of the apartment and down through the building, to a waiting ground vehicle outside. They were forced in and surrounded by more Crilshans, who proceeded to take them across central city towards the towering Command Dome.
Into the Dome Anna entered first, holding her sister’s hand. Neither were bound. There would be no point. Where was there to run? Up high, past the council chambers and lower offices, they were pushed, until they reached a heavily guarded wing. Into a wide hallway, where they stopped. Figures waited on the floor. There sat Callista, with a cut lip and a swollen eye. Captain Ferranti and Xerin Kramer were there too. Anna and Gílana sat beside the old woman, heads bowed down.
Callista waited until the Crilshans had backed up before leaning in. ‘Are you two all right? Did they hurt you?’
Anna shook her head.  ‘Are you okay?’
‘I’m just fine, Anna. Just fine.’
‘What’s going on?’
‘There’s somebody in there. They’re questioning us, one-by-one.’
‘What’s wrong with Ferranti?’ she asked, pointing to him as he lay silent and wilted nearby.
‘He’s already been in,’ she explained. ‘Whoever it is, I can see only their air, like a dark cloud.’
‘Is it him? Is it Mal—’
‘Shhh! Don’t say his name.’
‘Am I next?’
‘I don’t know, child. I’m hoping it will be me. Perhaps there is something I can do, or say.’
At that moment the office door swung open. Two large Crilshan soldiers backed out, dragging Avéne Ketrass’ limp, unconscious body behind them. A third followed. They hauled her out of sight, before returning for the next.
‘Bring him in,’ spoke the Crilshan in charge.
The two nearby picked up Xerin Kramer and threw a cloth over his face, before dragging him into the room. The door slammed closed.
‘Who is it inside there, Callista?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘What do they want?’
‘I don’t know.’ She sounded frightened, almost resigned to defeat. ‘But whatever it is, I can’t say that everything will be all right . . . this time.’


Xerin Kramer felt the straps around his chest, hands, and ankles tighten. Heard the rough movements of his Crilshan escort. Smelt the unexpected womanly scent of honey-flower. His wrap was ripped from his face.
‘Hello, Xerin,’ spoke the veiled woman, facing out of the shattered floor-to-ceiling window.
‘Sudana?’
‘Long time no speak.’
‘I don’t happen to recall much speaking the last time we met.’
‘You don’t? Perhaps we should explore that, you know, help you to recall—’
‘No need! Really . . . no need.’
‘I happen to disagree, Xerin. I think I very much need to know what’s in that swollen head of yours.’
‘We both know what you’re going to do. Let’s skip the mind games. I’d prefer you got it done so I can return to my cell.’
‘First-rate hospitality, I hear.’
‘Preferable to yours, mistress.’
Sudana twisted on her heels, pressed something within her desk. A drumming rhythm pound throughout the room. ‘Let’s get on with it then.’ She increased the thunderous roar as it shook him in his chair. ‘You recognise this?’
‘Crilshan sacred song,’ he said. ‘Delightful.’
‘One word for it,’ she said with an insincere smile. ‘I thought it might beget a sentiment. Take you back, as it were, to your childhood.’
‘Why my childhood?’
‘It is when we are at our weakest. Our childhood selves represent our psychological immaturity. It will make accessing your recent memories that much easier.’
‘You have seen my childhood already. You did it once before.’
‘And I will do it again.’
‘No!’


Several minutes after he disappeared within, Anna watched the limp body of Professor Kramer dragged from the office. Gílana squeaked beside her. She clutched her hand tightly as he disappeared from sight.
‘Anna Berenguer will come with me,’ said one Crilshan suddenly.
‘No.’ Gílana took her hand.
‘It’s okay,’ Anna said. ‘I’ll be fine. Stay here with Callista.’
She stood and followed the Crilshans inside Maxim Pinzón’s old office. She had never been inside before, but it did not look as she would have imagined. The Crilshans, squinting in the light of a bright lamp, sat her down in a chair before the wooden desk, tying her legs and arms to it.
A woman stood at the window, her back to them. She only turned once the Crilshans had left the room. Anna breathed out as she walked over and knelt in front of her. She was covered head-to-toe in black, a veil across her face. Her voice was deep for a woman and the tone was sharp.
‘My name is Sudana,’ she said, still knelt.
Anna breathed out.
‘You are Anna Berenguer?’
‘Yes.’
‘And that’s your sister out there, Gílana Berenguer?’
‘Yes.’
‘Know any other words than yes?’
‘M-hmm.’
‘And the old woman, that’s your dear old grandmother?’
‘Second aunt.’
‘She’s a relative of yours then?’
‘Yes.’
‘But not blood related?’
‘I . . . don’t—’
‘Let me repeat. Not blood related.’ It was not a question.
Anna shook her head. ‘She’s family.’
‘According to the Cities’ records,’ she continued, ‘Callista Berenguer did not exist until over four decades ago. Where did she live before she came here?’
‘Err . . . Earth, I think.’
‘And how old is she?’
Anna had a rough idea, but to say one-hundred or more would only trigger deeper suspicion. ‘She’s in her eighties . . . nineties maybe. I don’t know.’
‘But you’re her relative. Interesting. Very interesting.’
‘I don’t think it is.’ Anna felt her lip quiver, but gritted her teeth so that her jaw did not tremble.
Sudana remained on one knee and raised both hands to her face, slowly raising the veil to reveal what was beneath. A sharp intake of breath. Anna held in her gasp. The woman appeared to smile behind the dull skin, sallow and stretched tight.
‘Does this frighten you, Anna?’
‘No,’ she said, and shook her head. ‘It’s the scars you have on the inside that scare me.’
The woman chuckled and pulled the veil back down, then moved behind the table, checking her reflection in the mirror displayed nearby. She peered down at a screen embedded in the desk. ‘It says here that you were a member of the Central Institute, preparing to enlist in the Titanese Guard. Correct?’
‘Yes.’
‘It also says you did not attend this Institute for some weeks leading up to the Crilshan occupation of the Cities. Adding to this odd tale, my general informs me you were part of a group found outside the Cities. In a Titanese lander of all things.’
Oh, no.
‘What on Earth were you doing out there? Recently returned from an outing?’
‘I . . . I—’
‘Come now, Anna. You don’t have to be afraid of me, remember. You can be honest. I’m not like these Crilshan scum. I’m not interested in blood or ego. I just want the truth.’
‘I don’t . . . I—’
‘You see how the others left this room?’
‘M-hmm.’
‘They left this room like that because they refused to speak. Now I’m sure you can tell the difference between heroism and unnecessary bravery.’
Anna held her tongue.
‘If you don’t tell me where you were, then I’ll find out anyway. I’ll find out whatever I want. Your dirty little secrets. Your deepest yearnings. Things not even you knew you were capable of thinking.’
She shook her head. She couldn’t.
Sudana stood, and a chill filled the room. Quiet. A cold hand gripped Anna’s arm tightly; the frozen sensation shot through her spine, all the way to her centre. Sudana disappeared and a child, a little girl, gazed up at her. She couldn’t move. It felt like she was crumbling. This was dying, she was sure of it.
Sudana’s voice appeared out of nowhere. ‘A lonely child, I see. A desperate child, desperate to live up to her family’s standing. A family torn apart. Ah, I see. So much responsibility for such a young girl. So misunderstood. So underestimated. Capable of so much and yet so discouraged.’
How can she know this? How can she know?
Part of her was making the connection, but another part was not allowing her. No, you mustn’t think of her. You know what she is doing. You know what she is. She’s a Iás—No, you mustn’t. She mustn’t know that you know what she is!
‘Now show me!’ she said. ‘Show me where you were. Show me what you saw!’
Anna closed her eyes, but it was as though they were being forced open. She looked down to the frozen child, both of them shivering. Then the girl evaporated into thin air, to be replaced by—
No!
Jon Del’oueste, her best friend since childhood, looked up. She was holding him in her arms, his blood surrounding her.
How?
‘Anna,’ he said. ‘I gave myself for you. You did this to me . . .’
He too evaporated, and both her parents took his place. They said nothing, glaring with hatred at their disappointing daughter. And then, her father transformed before her eyes. She was back in the tunnel. The tunnel of Tempest-Beta. Black, horned creatures leered at her from the shadows, claws scrabbling for her flesh. Her father stood over her, great horns bearing down.
But no! A figure threw the creature aside. A burning flame filled her vision. Peter Marx looked up, a small child with night-black hair. He smiled, and threw himself at the monster, taking them both over the edge of the cliff face. A rumbling grew beneath her. This was it. The end.
But no! A hand took hers. A warmth filled her heart and her mind. She looked up at the face of Antal Justus. He pulled her close. They both turned. The black orb. No! No! GILAXIAD! No!
GILAXIAD!
GILAXIAD!
GILAXIAD!
‘Stop it!’
A rush of warmth filled Anna’s body. The tunnel was gone, her father, Peter, Justus . . . she was back in the office.
‘Stop it!’ Sudana screamed. ‘Stop it now!’
‘I didn’t do anything.’
They were both out of breath, Sudana no longer behind her desk, but knelt on top of it. ‘Stop,’ she breathed.
‘What was that?’ Anna felt tired, drenched in sweat, unable to concentrate on any single thought.
Sudana, it seemed, had reacted worse. She stepped down from the desk, readjusted her veil, and pressed a switch on the underside of the table. She said nothing to Anna, and made no eye contact as she was untied by two Crilshans and taken from the office.


TWENTY-FOUR




A FAMILIAR SMELL ascended the grand staircase of Vortan Manor, passing maids, paintings, and massive murals, mounted sabres and more, until it reached the dusty bedroom, and through into Antal Justus’ bruised nose. At once he sprang up from his bed and onto his bum. He recognised his old bedroom immediately.
The open drapes of the room offered the daylight outside, but the cold wind which flowed through the open window, uninvited, reminded him that summer was yet to arrive. Moreover, it reminded him that although this place was once his home, he too was a stranger here.
Still, he thought, there was nothing quite the same as the familiar smell of a home-cooked meal. Mrs Dunstan was obviously still here, and it allowed for at least a few good memories.
Rising stiffly from the bed, he clutched his side and a jarring pain shot through his shoulder. ‘Of course.’
The bedroom door opened and Aíron, Noah, and Dimal rushed in. ‘I told you I heard something,’ the young girl said. ‘He’s awake!’
Justus threw his legs over the side of his bed. ‘Okay, which bastard shot me?’
Dimal and Aíron stood to one side as Noah pottered around him, forcing him back into bed and proceeding to prod, poke, and pinch each bandaged area – which appeared, ironically, to be most of him.
‘I have to say,’ Noah said, a few minutes later, ‘that you’re one hell of a lucky man.’
Justus smirked. ‘So they tell me.’
‘But he’ll live?’ Aíron asked.
The three burst into laughter.
‘It’s not funny,’ she said. ‘I haven’t slept a wink. I’ve been distraught!’
Dimal shook her head, placing a hand on her captain’s shoulder. ‘It’s not you we’re laughing at, Aíron. It’s just, when you’ve known Justus for as long as we have, you get used to him breaking something every now and again.’
‘Or losing something,’ Noah added.
Aíron frowned. ‘What?’
Justus wiggled his foot at the end of the bed. ‘No little toe. By Jaishah, that hurt.’
Aíron sighed and folded her arms. She proceeded to pout for a while longer as the others discussed the events of the night before. Noah explained how he’d saved the Captain’s life after making it to the safety of Vortan Manor. Then Aíron spoke, and she explained who she had seen enter the club.
‘Masked men . . . horrible, dark men. They attacked . . . attacked everyone. And then the old man came.’
‘The old man?’ he asked.
‘Yeah,’ Dimal said. ‘The one from Mars. The one who sent us to Erebus to save you. He’s here, Antal. Here on Earth.’
‘Where did he go?’
She shook her head. ‘He said he’d be back.’
‘I supposed we owe him our lives,’ he said. ‘Though I’d prefer to be conscious the next time he shows up.’
‘The next time who shows up?’
Lanfranc Vortan stood in the open doorway, a daytime dressing gown hung from his shoulders and down to his ankles. The cotton blue sleeves left only his fingertips showing. He stepped into the room with strict strides and a straight back.
‘My boy,’ he said, slowly, as though fighting back both tears and insults. ‘You’re awake. Good . . . Good to see.’
Justus smiled. Another pain tore through his shoulder. He swallowed and watched Vortan step up to the bottom end of the four poster, hands behind his back. He said nothing, and a lump entered Justus’ throat. The old man may still be acting the same, but damn he looked old. It had been eight years but it could well have been eighteen. His lengthy brown hair had withered to a waning grey, and his face, not to mention his body, appeared more gaunt than the trees which leaned over in the decaying cemetery outside.
‘We’ll give you some space,’ Dimal said.
Justus nodded, smiled. ‘Thanks.’


Dimal pulled Noah and Aíron from the bedroom and glanced back in as she closed the door behind. Vortan remained at the end of the bed and Justus didn’t look keen to move. Seeing the two of them together made a few things clearer, at least. If this man had brought Justus up then it certainly explained her captain’s desire to leave; and it would appear the air of occasional hostility had not be lost in the inheritance.
The three made their way downstairs. They’d already explored some of the manor the day before. It was so huge they’d almost lost themselves. The whole north wing was closed down due to disrepair, which meant when they were not sat with Justus, they had been confined to the many studies, libraries, and great empty hallways of the manor house.
It being mid-afternoon, Aíron was already complaining of an empty stomach, so they meandered through the manor in the direction of the kitchen, from which had been issuing an unfamiliar-but-welcome smell. Once there they found two female kitchen staff – one old and grey, the other young and simple – in the middle of preparing dinner.
The younger girl took Aíron aside to find her something to eat and drink, and Dimal and Noah sat at a small table at the end of the kitchen.
‘Can I grab anything for the two of you?’ the old cook asked.
‘No, thanks,’ Dimal said.
‘Nor me,’ Noah said.
‘Beg your pardon, my lady,’ she said. ‘Would you mind if I switched on the Von-comm? We’re awaiting a transmission any minute now.’
Dimal shook her head. ‘Don’t call me lady, though. Adra’s fine.’
The old woman moved back to her duties and Dimal turned to Noah. ‘Von-comm?’ she said.
Noah shrugged his shoulders, frowned. ‘Who cares?’
‘Okay. Well, we—’
‘I know you two are lying!’ he said.
‘Lying? I don’t know what you—’
‘Something’s going on,’ he snapped. ‘And you and the captain aren’t being honest.’
Dimal said nothing. He’d caught her off guard. The sound of the Von-comm played to itself in the background; the cook had left the room carrying a large tray of cutlery.
‘Ever since Erebus,’ he said. ‘Ever since that place, that planet, whatever went on down there, neither of you have been the same. The captain especially. I don’t expect you to tell all. But give me the respect of not lying to my face.’
She nodded slowly, having never seen him so incensed. His face had flushed scarlet. He breathed out and walked to the kitchen window. Dimal followed him and looked out of the glass-plated arch. In the distance, maybe half a mile, tall trees stood beyond a high stone wall, and laid unevenly in between like a beggar’s teeth, hundreds of tombstones stared back.
Noah shivered. ‘I don’t like it here. I think we should leave.’
She placed a hand on his shoulder. ‘We’re safer here than we are anywhere else. The Von’s a powerful man by the looks of it.’
‘That’s what worries me. I don’t trust the powerful. If he’s the captain’s family that merely means Justus is safe. Not us. You saw how he greeted us.’
‘Noah,’ she said.
‘Mm-hmm?’
‘You’re from the Third System, right? You’re from Accentauria?’
‘Yes.’ His head didn’t move.
‘I . . .’ Dimal hesitated. She had promised Justus she wouldn’t mention it, but what they had read on Luna had been eating away at her.
‘Why do you ask?’
‘Which world are you from?’ she asked, eyeing the carving knives laid out on the surface nearby. Was she just being silly?
‘Does it matter?’
‘No. But just out of interest . . . it wasn’t Mar-Andra, was it?’
Noah spun. Panic filled his already-blushing face. ‘How do you . . .’
‘Accident,’ she said. ‘Up on Luna. Long story. You didn’t tell us you were a wanted man.’
‘Can you blame me?’
‘For murder?’
‘You’ve committed plenty of that yourself!’
‘Now hold on! I never killed a member of my family!’
He laughed, eyes suddenly unsettling. ‘Well I’m sure that makes it just fine then.’
‘So you admit you did it?’
Noah turned to look out of the window. With his back turned, Dimal decided she was taking no chances. She reached out and picked up the long knife nearby. But Noah’s hand shot out and knocked it from her grasp. In his hand was a glistening meat cleaver. She attempted to step past him, but he moved towards her, backing her into the wall.
He shook his head. ‘I thought we were a crew. I thought I’d found a family. I thought we trusted each other.’
‘We do,’ she said. ‘We are.’
‘Then why?’
‘Because I couldn’t just ignore what I read. Justus wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt. But . . . I couldn’t.’
Still holding the blade, he looked up into her eyes. ‘Shame on you, Adra Dimal. I don’t have to explain myself to you. But, for the record, I am not responsible for my family’s death. Though it appears that doesn’t stop me taking the blame. Shame on you for not trusting your own family.’ And with that he placed the cleaver onto the table and stormed out of the room.
She breathed heavily and didn’t move, replaying the exchange in her head. Something had happened with his family. Maybe it was the reason he had run away. True or not, she had been the one to come away from the altercation feeling worse. Maybe that was what being a crew was all about: giving each other the benefit of the doubt, whether or not you believed them.
Five minutes later the old cook returned to the kitchen, turned up the audio Von-comm, and began rummaging through a large basket of vegetables. Another ten and Aíron returned with the younger cook, tucking into a plate of cheese and crackers. Dimal declined the offer of a taste and held a hand to her temple, nodding and smiling falsely in humour as the young girl chatted away.
Half an hour later and Noah still hadn’t returned. She began to feel a little hungry herself, and considered going back up to Justus’ room, when her ears picked up on the last thing she’d expected to hear.
‘Quiet!’ she told Aíron, and jumped down from her seat. ‘Cook . . . err. . . lady . . . what is this comm playing?’
The elderly woman continued chopping her carrots. ‘Why, the Von-comm dear!’
‘What’s the Von-comm?’
‘The Von-comm,’ she said. ‘An update from the Von.’
‘An update about what?’
‘The Vontaura, of course.’
‘The what?’
‘Where’ve you been?’ she said. ‘Off world?’
‘Yeah, off world. Is this comm live?’
‘Yes, my lady.’
‘Can you record it?’
‘Already have, dear. The Master has them all recorded so he can listen to them in the lounge after dinner. Exciting times!’
‘Good,’ Dimal said. ‘Aíron, come on. We have to find Noah and the Cap’n.’
‘Why?’ the girl asked, clambering down.
‘You wouldn’t understand.’
Aíron pouted. ‘Why not?’
‘Because we’ve not been honest with you. But we need to be.’
‘Adra, Adra, what did you hear?’
‘The answer,’ she said. ‘And the reason we came to Earth.’


TWENTY-FIVE




JUSTUS SIGHED, LOUD and lengthy, at the painful silence which hung between him and his stepfather. Vortan sat in a chair, twiddling his thumbs and staring out the window. Justus considered feigning falling asleep, and had been for the past hour. Every so often Vortan would look across at him, smile awkwardly, attempt to begin a sentence with a mumbled ‘So, my boy’ and then return to twiddling his thumbs. After a while he appeared to gather the nerve to speak, whether or not it was a hit or miss topic.
‘Forces,’ he said, or rather, mumbled.
‘Huh?’
‘Earth Forces. It’s for the best that we do not let them see you’re back. Be after your head, they will. You caused them some grief taking off with their craft and destroying it as you did.’
‘Oh,’ he said. ‘Yeah, I’d forgotten about that. I got a little too excited during takeoff.’
‘I saw the report, son. Earth Forces followed me for months on end after you disappeared. They never let me be. They believed I was harbouring you. Oh, how frustrated they were.’
‘I’m sorry for the hassle—’
‘The hassle? My boy, hassle I could have dealt with. What you left me with was regret. I know what you did to your mother. I know the forces demanded your head for it. Part of me was relieved for her. And part of me was relieved when you disappeared. I never wanted a jail cell for you, Antal. And now you’re back, my boy . . .’
‘Now I’m back. And I’m willing to face up to it all, once I’ve carried out another promise.’
Vortan nodded awkwardly, and went back to twiddling his thumbs.
When Dimal rushed into the room Justus sat up, relieved and grinning widely. ‘Adra, come in.’
‘Say nothing!’ she hissed.
‘What?’
Aíron followed her in and stood timidly nearby.
‘Is there a problem?’ Vortan said.
‘I think there is, Lanfranc.’
‘Von Vortan will do. Do not forget where you are.’
‘Whatever,’ she said. ‘We got access to the Von-comm recording up here?’
Though obviously taken aback, Vortan stood up from his chair and walked over to a bookshelf opposite the bed. ‘Every room does,’ he said, irritably. ‘Is there something you wish to tell us?’
Justus watched as Dimal moved towards the bed and took her captain’s hand. ‘What is it?’ he asked. She said nothing and lifted his left arm. Rolling down his sleeve she presented the Moon and Triangle to Vortan. ‘What’re you doing?’ Justus said, pulling away and covering his wrist. He looked from Dimal to his stepfather, but Vortan’s face had frozen. ‘What is it?’ Justus said. ‘Father?’
‘Not you too,’ Vortan said. He backed into the shelves, knocking an entire shelf to the floor.
‘What?’
‘They got you too.’
‘Who got me?’
‘Them.’
Justus looked from Aíron to Dimal, and then back to Vortan. ‘Who’s them?’
‘The Order,’ spoke a voice from the doorway, ‘of the Allied Moon.’ Justus stared, bewildered, as Noah stepped into the room. ‘The Allied Moon, and now first in line for Vontaura.’
Vortan took a step forward. ‘What are you—’
Dimal’s blaster was in her hand, aimed for the Von.
‘Show us,’ Noah said.
‘Show us what?’ Justus said. ‘Put the blaster down, Adra.’
‘Show us, Vortan,’ Noah repeated.
Vortan shook his head.
Dimal triggered her weapon.
‘All right,’ the Von said, holding his arms up. With his right hand he reached across to his left, and rolled the sleeve down to reveal a dark Moon and Triangle.
Antal Justus stared in disbelief. He didn’t know what to say.
‘It’s not . . . not . . . you don’t understand,’ Vortan said.
Dimal scoffed. ‘Do we not? Forgive me, Antal, if I don’t take a shot at him right now.’
‘No one’s shooting anyone!’ he said, stumbling out of bed and forcing her to put the blaster away. He turned to his stepfather. ‘I think you should sit back down.’ Silent moments passed. Justus stood in front of them all and turned to Vortan. ‘Why do you have the symbol? What do you know about Erebus?’
‘Erebus? My boy, I’ve never heard of it. But I’m not one of them. Where did they find you? How long have you been part of it?’
‘Noah,’ Justus said, ‘what’s going on?’
Noah cleared his throat. ‘That symbol, the one you both have, is the mark of the Order of the Allied Moon.’
‘The moon is our ally,’ he said.
‘That’s right,’ Dimal said. ‘I heard it downstairs on the Von-comm. Then I found Noah.’ She looked to him and nodded. ‘And we broke into the Von’s bedroom.’
‘You did what?’ The Von was back on his feet. ‘How dare you!’
‘With relative ease actually,’ she said with a smile.
‘So this Order,’ Justus said.
‘Is responsible for everything that happened on Erebus,’ Noah said. ‘It’s okay, Justus. Dimal’s told me and Aíron everything. It’s time we trusted each other.’ He stood tall, cleared his throat. ‘I, Noah Julian Nuveen, am wanted for several murders of which I did not—’
‘Oh, shut up, Noah,’ Dimal said, causing his sentence to fizzle into a squeak. ‘We’ll talk about that another time.’
Noah nodded, turned back to Justus. He pulled out of his pocket a small-screened book-mag and threw it to him. ‘Take a look. Vortan’s digital records. We found it in his room. It lists messages to and from this manor. I’ve highlighted the last two. Both from yesterday.’
‘No!’ Vortan said. ‘I didn’t know it was you. If I’d known . . .’
Justus pressed a switch and a recording began to play. A protest of static. Shuffles and scrapes, then:
—Von Vortan here. What is it?
—I’m sorry to disturb you, my Lord Von, but I believe there is something you should know. It was a woman’s voice, stern and strong. This is Record Keeper Watho, from the Record Centre upon Luna, Athenaeum Hall Seventeen.
—Make it quick. It’s getting late. What is it?
—We’ve had intruders. A male and a female. They were looking for you, named you personally, said they were old friends of yours. They were lying. The female assaulted me.
—Do we have an image? Covert recordings?
—Yes, but not clear enough to identify them. Security have informed me that the male carried your mark.
—The Order’s mark?
—Yes. It was for that reason they were not stopped, but a tracking device has been planted inside their craft. We are following their movements down to the planet itself.
—The Athenaeum is my jurisdiction. Vortan’s voice came through clear and maddened. Track them and take them. I want to remain uninvolved. The Lord Córonat has just returned to Earth. Contact his people and they will take care of it. That is all.
The message ended.
Justus said nothing, breathed deeply, pressed the second highlighted message. A few more shuffles, followed by:
—What now?!
—My Lord Von. We found them.
—And?
—We have two. The others escaped.
—Find them then. You know what you’re doing.
—We already have. Two are in custody. We’re tracking the others via a vehicle they stole on route nine. Four of them. Heading towards the city.
—Well in that case find them and follow the necessary paths. This should have left my knowledge once they stepped foot off my Athenaeum.
—Apologies, Lord Vortan.
—Don’t apologize. Just take care of them.
—Of course.
The connection died.
Justus dropped the book-mag onto the bed and joined the others in staring at Vortan.
The Von remained seated. ‘I didn’t know. I swear, if I had known.’
‘You ordered the attack. You had our friends taken.’
‘No.’
‘My ship destroyed!’
‘I didn’t know.’
‘Ignorance is the defence of a fool,’ Noah said. ‘But I think you can redeem yourself. You know who took Raj and Shree. Where are they?’
‘I do not know what will have happened to them. Your word you won’t kill me and I’ll help.’
Dimal played with her holstered blaster. ‘Oh, I don’t know.’
‘No one’s going to kill you,’ Justus said. ‘Help us get our friends back.’
‘We have a plan.’ Dimal walked over to the muddled bookshelf and pressed the recording Vortan had set up. A deep voice began to speak.
‘. . . My Order has made contact with the Crilshan generals to negotiate Earth’s safety. No Crilshan vessel will pass within the orbit of Mars. The Alignment war will remain within the Alignment. Earth will go on . . .’
‘This is the voice of the man known as Marrak Malizar,’ Noah said. ‘Up until a week ago he called himself Viticus. Von Viticus. He’s the leader of the Order of the Allied Moon. That’s right, Von, I’ve done my research. Malizar has, for the past three years, been the Von’s ambassador to the Systemal Alignment. It appears he is now preparing his own assembly, launching his own claim for Vontaura.’
‘What’s Vontaura?’ Aíron asked from deep in her corner.
‘I’ll let the Von explain.’ Noah gestured to Vortan, who moved awkwardly in his seat. ‘Go on.’
‘The Vontaura,’ Vortan said, ‘put simply, is one of the most significant changes this Earth knows. Vontaura can be translated in the language of Áluna as “Von follower”, or the successors of the Von.’
‘And the most powerful group on Earth,’ Noah interrupted. ‘It’s worse than you could think, Captain.’
‘How?’ Justus attempted to put the pieces together, failing miserably.
‘It’s happening now,’ he said. ‘The new leaders of Earth will soon be chosen. By the people of the Seven Rivers.’
‘And Viticus, well, Malizar, is extremely popular,’ Vortan continued. ‘No one can stop him, politically or in any way, really. No one can stop him getting what he wants.’
Justus sighed. Everything was such a mess. But Peter Marx had known. What was taking place on Erebus did not begin there. Is this what Peter had planned for him? Was he to take on Malizar, the Córonat? Was that the reason he had been given the echo?
After a moment of silence Justus said, ‘Okay. One problem at a time. Vortan, you’re going to help us. Dimal, Noah, you say you have a plan?’
Noah nodded. ‘Malizar achieved his popularity as a member of the Von. He no longer refers to himself as Von Viticus. But he has only just revealed his Order to the Rivers. Lucky for us, he’s to have an exclusive gathering at the end of the week to celebrate the Allied Moon’s launch.’
‘How do you know that?’ Vortan asked.
‘Because,’ Dimal said, lifting a small metal card from her jacket, ‘you received your invitation three days ago.’
Vortan lay back in the chair, defeated. ‘Your friends. I can help. They will have been taken to Malizar’s estate, I think. He has a room. A prison of his own. The estate is on the other side of Avaris City’s confines.’
‘In three days’ time,’ Noah said, ‘the entire Order will meet on Malizar’s estate.’
‘Three days,’ Justus said.
Noah nodded. ‘And we take Raj and Shree back.’


TWENTY-SIX




THE DOOR TO the Berenguer apartment slammed shut. The external bolt on the outside locked, its echo the only sound. Anna and Gílana sat upon the sofa, speechless. Callista remained standing, eyes closed. They were locked in their home. Their possession had been taken: their books and photos, food and clothes. They were prisoners, hostages in their own home.
‘Don’t any of you dare start crying now,’ the old woman snapped. She rested her hand on the table top, propping herself up.
‘Come and sit down,’ Anna told her.
‘I will not lose hope.’
‘Neither will we. Come on.’ She forced her to sit down. ‘We just have to think. There must be something we can do.’
‘There is nothing we can do.’ Callista leaned into her hands.
‘Because of Gílana’s condition?’
‘Because Titan belongs to Crilshar.’
‘Someone will do something.’
She leaned back up. ‘Keep that thought, Anna. Both of you, keep that thought.’
The three remained together that night upon the large sofa. Nobody spoke. They each tried to sleep, but only Gílana managed a few hours. Anna’s thoughts stayed with her uncle. She prayed he was all right, out there, somewhere. Someone will do something. Keep that thought. Keep it close.
Anna woke to darkness the next morning. She had slept an hour or so, but no more. Gílana and Callista remained asleep beside her, so she stood and walked over to the floor-to-ceiling window. It was still dark.
‘Get used to it,’ Callista said behind her. She rose and moved to stand beside her. ‘It will be like this as long as we are here.’
Anna sighed, rubbed her heavy eyes. ‘I need to ask you something.’
‘Ask.’
‘You saw the woman yesterday. The scarred woman.’
‘Mistress Sudana, yes, I did. I’m glad you brought her up.’
‘She’s a Iástron, isn’t she?’
Callista nodded.
‘Her echo, I don’t understand what it is. She did something. A sort of probe. She was in my head.’
‘She is indeed very powerful,’ Callista said. ‘The silver diary, it spoke of this. She is the one Xerin Kramer warned us of. The one that wiped the minds of your father’s crew on the Novastream. That woman . . . she was a girl beneath Europa. A student, having only just received her echo from Peter.’
‘So she was taken? One of the Iástron children. Are you sure?’
‘Yes.’
‘How?’
‘I taught her.’
Anna almost choked. ‘What if she recognised you?’
‘She didn’t. I’m quite certain. It has been fifty years, don’t forget. Peter sent me right here, to Titan, after the base beneath Europa was destroyed. Nobody knew I was alive. Sudana crept through my mind back in the office, stealing and shattering whatever she could sink her claws into. But I have one-hundred and twenty years of memories. I guided her probing as best I could. My secret is safe. Having said that, she is powerful. If she really wants to get inside your head, she will.’
‘I think I resisted her too,’ Anna said. ‘She made me see things. In my head. I think it did something to her.’
‘We must be careful, child. Having extracted memories from the others I imagine Mistress Sudana already knows of Erebus, the Zinn, and Peter’s . . . death. If she sees you again, think of the lightning planet, Tempest-Beta, and focus only on that. She must know only of that. If she discovers my origin or your echo then I don’t know what will happen.’


After a short while they took careful hold of a sleeping Gílana and carried her up to Anna’s bed. Worry flooded through her. What chance would a newborn child have in the Systems, controlled by the dark race? As Anna tucked her sister in, Callista fetched several purple candles from the room opposite and lit them silently. They smelt so good.
The two then headed back to the room within which Callista was staying. It was once her Uncle Ruben’s room. Inside they lit some more candles and the two sat without a sound.
‘You’ve waited all this time,’ Callista said eventually. ‘Your uncle and I were preparing you to follow in his footsteps, to join the Guard and maintain the strength and confidence of our System-renowned civilization.’
‘But that’s not going to happen now,’ Anna said.
‘No. No, it’s not. The Guard now fight for the Dishan and for Crilshar. Which makes our fight all the more important. You’ve waited all this time, and now I’m going to teach you everything I promised I would.’
‘Right now?’
‘Why not? Sudana does not wait.’
‘All right.’ Anna breathed in and out slowly, the smell of the candles taking away all concentration, urging her to lose herself.
Callista clicked her fingers. ‘You hear me? Good. Now, you already know that a Iástron’s power comes from Peter Marx.’
‘The echo.’
‘Yes, the echo. This power, you may be surprised to hear, is far more prevalent in the Systems than any know.’
‘You’re talking about ultimatter again?’
‘Ultimatter. The last piece of the puzzle, or the first in a much wider game. The ultimate form of matter. A long time ago Peter gave part of his gift to the technology surrounding antimatter vessels. Whether by mistake or intention, only he will ever know. But the power itself was then stolen, and exploited, and used for means beyond what Peter intended. Much of the technology the human race now takes for granted comes from these earlier experiments with Peter’s miracle creation.’
‘What type of technology?’
‘The very thing that is keeping you alive, child.’
Anna thought for a moment, before it became obvious. ‘The surrogate sun.’
‘Yes. Along with all interstellar crafts, including many now kept in museums. Ultimatt power is also the reason humanity communicates on an interstellar basis. The communication devices in orbit around every single colony and upon all outposts are charged with the same power as our interstellar crafts. So there really isn’t a single person, living or dead, that has not been affected in some way by Peter’s gift.’
Anna listened, and with one hand stroked her black-banded wrist.
‘Though the technology has made humanity so powerful and ever more advanced, Peter still considers the Iástrons to be his proudest accomplishment.’
‘He must have felt like a god,’ Anna said. ‘Like the old, all-powerful stories of life and the universe.’
‘I don’t think anyone can imagine the responsibility,’ said the old woman. ‘Nor the pressure on him to look out for so many lives. He overestimated how far humanity had come when he decided to share his gift with other human beings. But perhaps there will always be that part of them that shuns those that are different. If he were still here I don’t think he’d make the same mistake twice. It almost drove him insane, seeing his people, his creations, tortured and hunted.’
‘Our people,’ Anna said.
Callista paused and stared at her. ‘You consider yourself one of my people already?’
‘I think, in some small way, I always have.’
Callista smiled. ‘You have been touched by Peter Marx. You bear his echo and his light, but you are not a Iástron yet. And this brings us to your training. You must understand both what it means to be a Iástron, and what it means to be human, before you become one of my people, before you can master your echo.’
Anna had never heard her speak of her people before, but as the old woman did, the sorrow and frailty in her voice became so much plainer.
‘Echoes,’ she said, ‘were divided into what was known as Canons. There were four Canons, four categories of power. Like the four elements they existed alone, separate, never touching or combining.
‘The first Canon was Spirituality. Forces which we cannot see. Most often they were life giving and life bearing. The ability to heal oneself from injury, both physical and mental, as well as the power to heal others. I once knew a man who was immortal.’
‘Like Peter?’
‘Quite like Peter. Only, immortals can still die – as paradoxical as that may sound – if the body or mind be destroyed before it can heal properly.
‘The second Canon was called Reality, as those with such an echo were able to see things others could not. The future. The past. And some could affect others’ perceptions of the past, present, and future.’
‘Your dream diaries,’ Anna said. ‘That means that you . . .’
‘Yes, Anna. My echo is that of Reality. Something I appear to share with Mistress Sudana. Only where I see the future, she sees the past. Which is more dangerous, I have yet to decide.
‘After Spirituality and Reality, the third Canon was Vitality. Physical strength or mental vigour. Those with echoes of Vitality enjoyed an unrivalled capacity for survival. The fourth, however, was always deemed the greatest, and the most perilous. It was the echo of Authority.’
‘I can guess.’
Callista nodded gravely. ‘The fewest number of Iástrons fell into this category. As the echo suggests, Authority meant having power over and affecting the structure of the world around us. Those Iástrons were able to manipulate the very matter that binds the universe together. It was for that reason they merited Peter’s closest attention.’
She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. ‘I won’t lie to you, Anna. You may never experience anything more demanding. Only through utmost focus and unrivalled determination will you achieve your echo and discover where your place is. Succeed and we may be able to fight. Fail . . . and everything burns.’
Anna remained silent for a few moments, looking down at her dark, veined bracelet, before looking back up to her mentor. She was frowning. ‘What is it, Callista?’
‘Sudana is not here because of Crilshar,’ she said. ‘Mistress Sudana represents somebody else.’
‘The man from the diary? The man you told me about?’
‘Yes. And there is something you must know about him.’
‘He was a Iástron?’
‘Yes.’
‘Responsible for the fall of Europa?’
‘You remember I told you the four Canons existed separately, never touching?’
Anna nodded.
‘I lied, child. Only one ever presented symptoms of all echoes. Spirituality, Reality, Vitality, and Authority. How and why, nobody ever knew. But that particular Iástron was so dangerous. That particular Iástron is now known among the Systems as the Córonat. Marrak Malizar.’


Mistress Sudana knelt beside her desk, waiting for the image of her master to appear. She did not wait long. He was always on time.
‘Mistress,’ Lord Malizar said, his image projected into the middle of the office. ‘I trust all is well on Titan.’
‘Yes,’ she said.
‘You have news for me?’
‘Extraordinary news, my lord.’
‘Speak.’
‘It appears that your time really has come.’
‘Explain.’
‘Peter Marx is gone. He was there, upon Erebus.’
‘Lesper found the right man?’
‘Constantine Lesper is also dead. Xerin Kramer provided me with most of this information. The majority is corroborated by the other survivors. The threat of Erebus. The alien existence . . . is confirmed.’
‘Then our task must press on. With Peter gone I can now reveal myself as leader of the Allied Moon.’
‘Yes, my lord. Peter Marx will not be coming for you anymore.’
Malizar breathed out. Sudana felt a cold wind stroke past her spine.
‘Your gathering tonight is still to go ahead?’ she asked.
‘It is. The Allied Moon’s call for Vontaura has begun. And with news of Peter Marx, this is beginning to feel all the more like destiny with every passing day.’
‘Earth will choose you, and then humanity will be strong again.’
‘Strength is needed, now more than ever.’
‘May I ask one question?’
‘You may.’
‘The Order has been dispatched. What did they find of Erebus?’
‘Later!’ he said abruptly, and dismissed the word in a single motion. ‘That is for another time. I thank you for the news. But you must continue with what you have started there. Keep the Crilshans under control, and utilize the Titanese people. Multiply our forces. You may return to Earth soon, once you have done what we planned.’
‘You are wise as ever, my master.’ She bowed again as the image disappeared. She returned to her seat. ‘The command is well,’ she said to herself, ‘as I have found something to interest me here for now.’
Sudana sat back and crossed her legs, brought up an image on the screen within her pine desk. The image of a young girl. The image of a young girl with long brown hair. A young girl who, just a few short hours ago, had fought against her echo like no other before.


TWENTY-SEVEN



THE VAN PULLED along the driveway, across the rocky piazza, and into the shadow of the entrance to the estate. Through a wrought iron fence, Antal Justus entered the underworld. He leaned out of the vehicle’s window and looked up ahead. Trees bordered the roadside. A cold breeze slammed into his face, howling broke upon the back of the wind. Inside sat Vortan, well-dressed in a black suit and red cape; he crossed his legs and stayed silent.
Justus adjusted his own black and red attire and looked back to his step-father-turned-stranger. ‘What?’
‘You still choose not to believe me?’ Vortan asked.
‘You don’t give me a choice when you refuse to answer my questions.’
‘I told you, I can’t.’
‘No. You won’t.’
The van reached the end of the driveway and stopped. At the head of the estate lay a mansion, four levels tall, once pure white, now faded rotten grey. Four pillars supported the entrance, stretching up to the triangular roof, with balconies all along the higher levels. Justus observed that lights were on inside, though no movement could be seen.
A towering chimney stood on its own nearby, thrice the height of the decaying mansion roof. Another was visible in the backdrop, and another at the back of the estate.
Justus and Vortan stepped out to be greeted by similarly-dressed men, who proceeded to guide them into the building. It was much larger than it had appeared on the reconnaissance trips. Cosmic arches created pathways into another world. It was dark. Ethereal. Chilling. A shiver ran down his spine. He looked to Vortan, whose head was held high with lips pursed and hands behind his back. Both of their capes flowed down the corridor behind them.
It was cold, with a slight wind, like breath on his neck. Portraits, covered in dust, watched as they passed through, into the pressing bowels of Malizar’s house. Shadows darted around his feet, creeping along his legs, reminding him of the crushing labyrinth within Erebus.
Between the convoluted corridors and the dark energy now sapping his strength, Justus realised that any possibility of a quick escape was certainly not going to take place – not through the way he’d entered at any rate.
As the macabre deepened, they turned a corner at whose end stood a man. Justus and Vortan stopped and another figure appeared to the rear. Both wore silver masks. The same men that had battered their way into Jules Ditton’s place. It gave Justus a small sense of optimism. Moments passed, and then Vortan lifted his sleeve to present his mark of the Moon and Triangle. The masked man nodded and so Justus did the same, revealing his own mark.
It seemed only yesterday that he’d received the tattoo from Avéne Ketrass, back on the great black-rock moon.
The masked man stared down, not even his eyes visible. Then he stepped back and opened the grand door. At once a well of singing stringed instruments hit him. The silent corridor petered out and an enormous hall took its place. Swarms of dark and red-caped men and women stood upon a night-black marble floor.
‘Is he here?’ Justus asked.
‘He will be.’ Vortan took a sparkling glass from a passing maître d'.
‘For how long?’
‘Never for long.’
The ceiling disappeared high above, and at the end of the great hall a line of one-hundred dark steps rose to an empty summit. The two walked and talked. Vortan drank. Justus refrained.
The other members of the Order of the Allied Moon represented the political and social elite of the Seven Rivers. Malizar had bought, earned, and terrorized his way into power. These guests, all bearing the Moon and Triangle of the Order, were so very sure of themselves, though not wholly undisturbed at the might and portentousness of their master.
Suddenly the lights dimmed, leaving only the black mariner’s sconces lining the hall. A voice spoke, cold and captivating. Justus recognised it immediately.
The silver-masked man stood still at the top of the dark steps raised his arms. His upper body was encased in black and silver plates, rising through a high, pointed collar. Marrak Malizar removed his mask. He looked old – and yet, beyond the fading exterior there was thrown a power; an evil; a malicious animosity.
‘You all know who I am,’ Lord Malizar said. ‘Now too will the world. Each of you has sworn an oath. To this Order. To its cause. And to me.’
As one, every single body in the hall descended to their knees. Justus dropped down, not taking his eyes off Malizar.
‘Thank you all,’ he said. ‘As we begin, I bring news from the far Systems. Our allies, the mighty Dishan, have won their victory. The Systemal Alignment is no more.’
Murmuring broke out among the mass of kneeling followers. Justus gasped. He knew that there was war, but surely the Alignment couldn’t have fallen so easily.
Malizar breathed out and silence fell. ‘The great bulwark that was the Golden Army of Titan has been broken.’
No. Anna.
‘But the news does not end there.’ He descended the steps towards them. ‘For a great victory long fought for has at the last been won.’
Silence.
‘Peter Marx is dead.’
Justus gasped louder than before and those knelt nearby shot him reeling glares. His mind spun. The black and red bodies around him blurred into a haze of deathly shade.
‘And with his death our time has arrived. None there will now be who may stand in our way. This Order of the Allied Moon will set out and prepare to take the Von’s place as Vontaura.’
‘VONTAURA!’ the room spoke as one.
The kneeling bodies stood once more as Malizar drifted back up the marble steps. ‘I leave you all with Edgar Mokrikov, who will take you through to dinner.’
The room seemed so much lighter, the air easier to breathe, as the Dark Lord reached the pinnacle and left through a door at the back. A man stepped from the shadows at the top and quickly descended the steps. A middle-aged man, thin and weary.
‘Edgar Mokrikov?’ Vortan gasped.
‘I know who he is!’ Justus said. ‘Prime Minister of Rotavar?’
‘But what is he doing here?’
‘This way, if you will,’ Mokrikov said, head bowed down, and the red-clad guests moved through into the next room after the shuffling Rotavarian.
Justus and Vortan moved along with the crowd, edging slowly to the back of the group. Vortan opened the door they had entered through and together they slipped away, fortunate not to come across any silver masks on their way through the daunting corridors.
‘You remember the path?’ Justus said.
Vortan sped up. ‘Yes. This way.’
They reached another large door, which Justus pushed open with ease. ‘This is the security hub?’
‘It’s the only way we can find out where captives are held.’ Vortan moved across to the nearest panel and screen. ‘We have a similar system up on Luna.’
‘We need the plans of his holding areas as quick as we can,’ Justus said. He moved to follow, closing the door behind him. He crossed the room after his step-father, when a hand seized his wrist, pulling him backward.
Two men appeared out of nowhere. The closest clenched his wrist hard, revealed a comm device, and leaned into it.
Justus swung out both legs and brought the guard slamming to the ground. He took hold of his hair and forced his head back down into the marble. Pushing up from the ground Justus flew at the second guard, and he swung up with a single cuff. Justus then watched with wonder as the punch connected with the man’s face, not only snapping his jaw with a jarring clack but launching him across the room and into the wall.
‘Wow,’ Vortan said. ‘I knew you were strong, but I didn’t know you could throw a punch like that.’
Justus took three deep breaths and steadied himself. ‘Neither did I.’ He gathered himself. ‘Come on. We don’t have much time.’


TWENTY-EIGHT




NOAH NUVEEN KNELT beside Dimal and leaned over her shoulder while she peered through a set of brass binoculars.
‘What can you see?’
‘Not much,’ she said. ‘It’s too dark.’
‘Any security?’
‘Only in and around the towers. Not in the woods. I’d be worried if they was.’
‘Were,’ he corrected.
‘Huh?’
‘Never mind.’
Noah sat back on the ground beneath the screen of bushes, giving them plenty of cover. It was the first time he had been here, upon the hill overlooking Malizar’s estate. Dimal, however, had been twice before, both to scout out the area and set up equipment in preparation for tonight. As usual Aíron was left back at the manor. It was too dangerous for the young girl, and neither Justus nor Dimal would allow her the gamble.
According to Von Vortan the base of the Allied Moon’s operations was beneath the long rectangular building on the south side of the estate, overlooked by the large tower currently looming over them. There they would find Raj and Shree. And so there is where they would go.
Noah shifted uncomfortably and she waved at him to keep still. He was too nervous. He needed to pee every five minutes. It was her fault. She had wanted to get here early, and Justus had agreed. Noah was forced to admit that it made sense. After all, theirs’ was the simple charge: get in, find the two captives, and get out. It was the Captain’s task which carried the most danger.
‘So we’re okay?’ Dimal asked him, turning and handing him the binoculars. ‘No hard feelings about the whole me-not-trusting-you thing?’
‘No hard feelings.’ He raised them to his eyes and peered up to the nearby tower.
‘So what actually happened to your family?’
‘I’m sure there’s another time and place,’ he said, eyes closed, pretending to look through the device.
‘Yeah. Yeah you’re right. Sorry.’
He sighed, dropped the binoculars. ‘All right, fine. I did not do what you think I did.’
‘You don’t have to if you don’t want.’
‘No, no, you’ve got me thinking about it now. I may as well.’ He sighed again. ‘It started, well . . . two generations back my family, the “reputable Nuveens of Mar-Andra,” split in two. The resultant lines were at loggerheads. They spent years upsetting each others’ businesses, social standing etcetera etcetera. And then things went up a level. One evening I returned home from my post at the infirmary to find my family . . . dead. My mother, father, sisters.’
‘Must have been awful.’ She placed her hand on his.
‘It was worse. The rival line, they . . . those bastards planted evidence which suggested that I was responsible. It was obviously them. Obvious to me, but not the authorities. I had no option but to run. I had friends at Mar-Andra’s port. They got me out. I hated myself for running. I spent two years in hiding, living off what savings I had off world. Then one day I bumped into Justus and the rest is, well, history.’
‘Noah,’ she said. ‘I can honestly say I’ve never felt closer to you than I do right now.’
‘Yes, Adra. Just don’t try and kiss me or anything.’
She grinned. ‘You got it.’


In minutes Justus’ signal came through Dimal’s comm. It was time.
Noah followed Dimal along the path she’d prescribed for them, spitting spiny thistles as she pulled him down the hill to the estate’s back buildings. Every few seconds she would stop and drag him down, before hastening forwards again. As they passed the tower to their right Dimal pushed him to the mud and dropped down herself.
From the other side of the bushes came a deep cough and muttering voices. Two armed guards marched slowly past. Dimal lifted the blaster from her belt. Noah held his breath as moments passed and the guards moved on. It was much too dangerous; but he would swear that the adrenaline pumping through his veins actually felt rather good.
‘Where are we going?’ he mouthed.
Dimal pointed to the back of the building nearby and he nodded his understanding. They moved off again and in reaching the building stopped, up against the wall. A heavy metal door stood grand to their right. Dimal sighed. ‘This is where we could really have done with Raj. He could have got us within in a heartbeat, and we wouldn’t have needed anyone on the inside.’
Noah placed a hand on her shoulder. ‘Don’t worry. We’ll get Raj back and he’ll be there the next time. Justus can take care of himself.’
Dimal smiled weakly and looked to her blaster. ‘Two seconds.’
‘Until what?’
Click.
The door swung open.
Dimal winked and took Noah’s hand, and pulled him into the long, dark corridor within. She held her wrist comm up to her mouth. ‘We’re in.’


Dimal dragged Noah down the pitch-black corridor, feeling her way along the wall. She lifted her wrist comm again. ‘Justus, you there?’
—I’m here, came his response.
‘Did you hear me? We’re in.’
The door slammed shut back along the corridor.
—Don’t worry about that. I have it under control, Dim.
‘I hope you do.’
—Listen to me now. You need to take the second left and then your first right, he said. I’m clearing you a path through.
‘Right-o,’ Dimal said. ‘Everything okay up there, darling?’
—Up here? Err . . . sure.
‘I don’t believe you. Where next?’
—Down the stairs to the very bottom. And believe what you want. Just focus on your part, and I’ll mine.
Dimal tutted. The two descended a tall flight of stairs, slowly and cautiously, to the bottom, several floors below. ‘Vortan’s positive the holding cells are down here?’ she asked.
—I never once said positive, Vortan said through the comm.
—But you’re fairly certain, Justus said.
—Fairly. I promised nothing.
—For your sake they had better be alive.
—I really am not the man you think I am, replied the Von.
—You’re right there.
—I am not part of this group.
—Could’ve fooled me.
‘Handbags away, you two!’
—Sorry. Look, Vortan’s going to find us some plans. We’ll make our way down to you. We’ll . . . oh, no.
‘Justus, what is it?’
—Blast!
‘What’s wrong?’
—We’re compromised up here. I’m going to try and get down to you. But if you find the others, you’re going to get out, just as we planned.
‘Justus—’
—That’s an order. As—
‘Yeah, I know, Captain.’
The comm died. Dimal stood shocked in the middle of the darkened stairway. The only light shone faintly from four floors up.
‘Come on.’ Noah pulled her along. ‘You heard what he said. We need to go. Come on.’
Reluctantly, she moved down the stairway, her blaster in her hand and the torch in Noah’s. At the bottom stood a sturdy-looking door, slightly ajar as Justus said it would be. They pushed the door open and stared in shock at the sight which awaited them.
They stood frozen atop a flight of steps overlooking an enormous room, drenched in a faint light and echoing distant screams and howls like a pack of tormented hounds. Dimal shivered as the medic beside her aimed the light across the room, revealing dozens of metal containers, each only a few metres squared and with absolutely no way of seeing inside.
Noah gulped. ‘Are those . . .’
‘Cages,’ she said. ‘Yeah.’
They looked to each other. ‘You think Shree and Raj are . . . you know,’ he said, ‘inside one of them?’
‘Only one way to find out.’ She triggering her weapon and took the torch from him. Down and onto the lower level, the cries and screams coming from the containers broke her heart. These were actual people. Not animals. What was more, the grand scale of this operation, the sheer cruelty combined, sent tremors to her very core.
Hurry up, Justus, and get down here.
Moving along the rows of metal containers Dimal hadn’t a clue how to find Raj and Shree. According to Vortan, this is where they’d be brought, and he was right about the cells. But with no markers other than a series of numbers distinguishing between containers there was no way of telling which one they could be in.
‘Raj!’ she yelled. ‘Raj! Shree!’
‘Quiet!’ Noah said, following behind. ‘The last thing we want is to go getting caught and end up in one of these ourselves.’
‘Okay, genius. What do you suggest?’
‘Hang on,’ he said. ‘Let me think.’ He wandered past each container, checking out the series of numbers printed on the top left corners of the cubes. She followed, wary. ‘It’s a pointer code,’ he said, ‘ascending in order the farther we go. This way.’
They turned several corners, back and forth, until they emerged half way down the room. ‘Now,’ he said, ‘it follows that Shree and Raj, having been brought here only a few days ago, would be placed somewhere around the outer limit of the room. See, the numbers are increasing down here.’
‘We don’t know for sure,’ Dimal said, chasing him as he rushed down the row, a burning hope now flowing through her.
Since she’d confronted him about his past it was as though another man had taken his place; and he was nothing like the Noah she had known for the past year.
‘Dimal!’
‘What is it?’ she said, pursuing him around another corner. There she found him knelt down, holding something in his hand. He looked up at her with tears in his eyes. ‘Noah, what’s that?’ She aimed the torch down. He held up a small feather, dark purple in the trembling light. ‘Is that . . .’
‘One of Shree’s.’
At once he stood and began slamming his fists onto the hard cage nearby. Shouts and banging were returned from inside.
‘Stand back!’ She took aim and opened fire on the solid hinges of the cage, several times, until there was no metal left to hold the door closed. Noah sprang forwards and prized the door off. She shone the torch within and a man staggered out. He collapsed onto the ground, bloodied and bruised.
Noah checked his pulse and stood. ‘He’s alive.’
Dimal looked back inside. The container was empty. ‘Leave him.’
‘What?’
‘I said leave him.’ She moved across and fired furiously at another container, and the next, and then the cages on the other side. Each time they were disappointed, finding an empty cube, a dead body, or somebody that was not Raj or Shree. It seemed there was no chance of finding them, until they happened upon another random cage. She fired, peeling the metal away and allowing the door to fall forward. Noah shone the torch within to reveal a large form, curled up in a ball. There was no guessing who it was.
Noah burst into tears and climbed in. ‘Jayashri,’ he said. ‘Shree, it’s me. Wake up, it’s Noah.’
Please, Dimal thought. Please be okay.
Ping! The ringing clamour of gunfire echoed through her ears. She threw herself down and looked up to see several men stood at the top of the stairway, each holding a flashing rifle. And blocking the only way out. Another ping! paved the way for the deafening rattle of rifle fire.
Reflexes kicked in instantly and she fired from the ground at the group of guards. Noah joined Shree in the cage. Dimal crawled into the small cube after Noah and continued to fire at the approaching attack force.
Beside her, Shree began to stir, and upon seeing Noah reached out to hold him close. Noah sobbed uncontrollably.
‘Ask her does she know where Raj is!’ Dimal said, and Noah relayed the question. Exhausted, Shree pointed to the container across from hers, and at once Dimal stopped firing upon the men and took out the container’s hinges. ‘Go now!’
She climbed out, firing at the men – now only five containers away – and opened the cage door. Noah appeared at her side with the torch and they both bounded inside. Dimal fell to her knees, dropped her blaster, and clutched her sweat-covered face. A whimpering cry escaped her dry mouth and Noah fell to the floor. The smell of burned flesh joined a thin corpse, black as ash. Dimal threw up beside her.
‘They’re coming!’ he said. ‘We have to move!’
‘Raj,’ she said. It was him. ‘No.’
‘Adra!’
She looked to Noah, weeping and unable to hear anything but the unbearable cries all about them.
‘Adra, do something!’
Dimal looked down and picked up her weapon, yanking the torch from him. She pulled out her comm device and typed in several numbers. There was no point. They were dead.
She pushed: TRANSMIT


TWENTY-NINE




BAROOOM!
The walls and ceiling shook beneath Justus and Vortan as they raced along the dark corridor leading off from the bottom of the subterranean stairway. Dust fell from above and Justus imagined the sight of a dozen explosions detonating in the grounds of the estate. Devices he and Dimal had placed in case they needed to escape. It told him one thing: Dimal was in trouble.
They raced on and very quickly the sound of gunfire was unmistakable. Please don’t be too late!
In seconds they emerged at the source. He could make out half a dozen men moving through a maze of metal boxes. At the far side was Dimal. He couldn’t see her, but he knew. He just knew she was there.
‘Hold this,’ he said, handing Vortan the gun. ‘Cover me.’ And he took off down the steps, charging towards the attacking men. ‘OVER HERE!’ he cried. The men turned. He took a sharp right, avoiding the ensuing volley of bullets, and then a left, before continuing down. After several boxes he shot left again and collided with one of the men. Justus remained on his feet but the guard did not. Picking up the fallen rifle he lifted it and fired at three men nearby, who had turned, preparing to fire.
Adrenaline powered through him. Justus felt strong. Powerful. He ran straight on and knocked another guard into a metal container, before head-butting another and turning to strike the last. The man was knocked off his feet and landed in a heap, unmoving.
‘Antal!’ came a voice. Dimal ran across and held him tight. She was crying. She never cried. ‘I thought something had happened to you.’
‘I’m okay,’ he said. ‘Where’s Noah?’
‘Over here,’ Noah said, moving towards them with Shree hobbling beside, hanging over his shoulder.
A flush of relief filled Justus’ body. ‘Raj?’
Dimal looked him in the eye and shook her head.
‘No.’
The BOOM of a gunshot rang from behind. They recoiled, spinning around to see the body of another guard fall to the ground. Behind him, the smoking pistol still clutched in his shaking hands, stood Vortan.
‘For the last time,’ he said, ‘I am not one of them.’
A cry tore through the room. Deep and dark and filled with anger and rage, Justus knew it could only be one man.
‘I think we’ve upset our host.’
‘Then let’s go,’ Vortan said.
Dimal took his arm. ‘We’re just going to leave Raj’s body here?’
Noah hobbled past them toward the far steps. ‘The last thing Raj would want is for us to get caught. I’m sorry. He’ll only slow us down.’
‘Noah’s right,’ Justus said.
‘I am?’
Another cry tore through the room, and, it would seem, the entire building. Justus winced. ‘He’s coming.’
Vortan and Dimal led the way while Noah and Justus carried a half-conscious Shree behind. Spotting an elevator along the way, they all climbed within. Up to the ground floor. Silent seconds. Then the door opened. Rifles triggered. A figure leapt forward. Rifle aimed. Justus pushed the nozzle up and a lethal shot took out the lights. Glass showered down. The elevator door slammed shut.
‘Up!’ Justus said.
‘How high?’ Noah asked.
‘As high as it’ll go,’ Vortan cried.
At once they were shooting upward. The echoing cry of Lord Malizar followed unremittingly. Justus shivered as he imagined the powerful man, driven by unequalled anger, racing after them.
‘Floor eighteen,’ Dimal said. ‘No higher!’
‘To the roof,’ said the Von, and as the door opened he shot out, leading them up a final flight of steps and out onto the building’s roof. The cold air tore at them. Justus gazed in awe at the fire roaring around. The trees were ablaze, burning black like a midnight thunderstorm, and smoke rose high above the dark tower, damaged among the explosions.
‘What now?’ Dimal said. ‘There’s nowhere to go!’
Noah panted fiercely. ‘Justus? Captain?’
‘Look!’ Vortan cried. ‘There! Look up!’
From above came a loud drone and a powerful wind. Justus thought he was dreaming as the Crimson Flux lowered itself down onto the roof. Its rear ramp dropped to reveal an elderly man. He stood tall and strong, and held a long silver sceptre in one hand.
‘It’s him,’ Dimal said. ‘I knew it!’
‘Get in here!’ the old man yelled.
Noah, never needing to be told twice, rushed forwards. Dimal helped him carry Shree on board. Vortan followed. Justus went to pursue. But as he moved, a breath touched the back of his neck. He spun around and stared into the dark face of Lord Malizar. A hand reached up and seized his throat. He froze in fear, unable to think.
Even as the fire around him faded to black, a blinding light detonated from behind. Malizar recoiled. His grip released. Justus backed up and staggered for the craft. The elderly man stood upon the ramp as the others charged for the cockpit. The blinding light of the sun returned to the sceptre, clutched in his outstretched hand. Justus climbed up the ramp. It began to close as the ship lifted off.
But the Dark Lord was not done. Before Justus knew it Malizar was before him, and he took hold of the old man’s sceptre, throwing him against the craft’s wall. The old stranger grunted in pain while Malizar laughed and threw the silver weapon aside.
‘Antal!’ the old man cried, choking and spluttering.
Justus slammed his palm onto the ramp’s control and it began to groan open again. The cold wind howled, blocking his vision. The forest, miles below, indistinguishable as they raced away from the estate.
The old man fell onto his face and Malizar spun. Justus raised his arm, blinded by the dark. Upon his face there was no mask. But there still hung before his countenance a black shroud, encased in evil. He stepped forward, his dark cloak billowing in the wind. Justus felt a black heat bearing down, and a burning flame inside. This man had taken his ship. His home. His friend.
You will get no more tonight.
He clenched his fist and brought it up, connecting with the dark face. All his weight fell forwards with him, and Justus landed on his knees looking down at the plummeting form of Malizar as he fell far into the dark tree line below.


THIRTY




A HUMMING ECHOED in the distance. Aíron Veryan bolted up from the stone step outside the front door of the manor. She shuffled forward in the dark of early morning, focusing her eyes on the emergent beam of light approaching over the tree line. At first she didn’t know whether to run back inside or remain where she was. But once the looming craft became visible and she recognised the crimson streak, her mouth dropped and her knees almost buckled.
The craft landed hastily and to her utter relief Justus and Noah hurried out carrying a bruised and dirty body. It was Shree. They ran forwards and passed right by her, disappearing up into the entrance hall. Von Vortan followed behind. Aíron edged forward, just waiting for Dimal and Raj to come out. But when Dimal emerged she was joined, not by Rajkumar, but the elderly man who had rescued them from the attack at Ditton’s club.
No Raj. Only Shree.
She followed them in. Everybody moved up the grand stairs to one of the guest rooms. Shree was laid onto the bed, unconscious but alive. Noah knelt at her side, holding her hand and speaking softly to her. Justus and Dimal stood on one side of the bed, while Vortan and the old man stood to the other.
Aíron remained in the doorway, clutching the wooden frame with both hands. No Raj. Only Shree. No. No!
‘I think she’ll be all right,’ Noah said eventually.  ‘I’d like to stay with her for the moment, if it’s all the same to you.’
‘Stay with her as long as you like,’ Vortan said. ‘I’ll have everything you need brought up.’
‘Thank you.’
Justus turned to face her. Aíron gazed at her feet as the others hung their heads. ‘Aíron,’ he said.
‘He’s not coming back, is he?’
‘Aíron, I’m sorry. We weren’t in time to save him.’
She felt tears bubbling to the surface. She held them back as much as she could, taking deep breaths, still not looking up.
‘Would you like me to come and sit with you?’ Dimal asked.
‘No . . . No, I’ll be . . . I’ll be okay. You stay with Shree. I’ll just . . .’ She backed out and hurried down the corridor to her own room. The door locked, she fell onto her bed. And there she wept, silently, until every part of her body and her mind ached like they never had before.


THIRTY-ONE




LANFRANC VORTAN HELPED himself to a glass of sixty-year-old cherry. His private study was the one true place he felt secure. His servants had lit the hearth, now the only real light in the room. He remained where he was, facing the flame, eyes closed, the heat of it burning away the torment.
He had been so happy to see Antal again. His boy. The last thing he wanted was to lose him now. The way they had lost his mother, Casandra. He looked so much like his mother. He spoke like her: brave and strong and audacious. None of them deserved the pain they had endured.
A tapping rang along the corridor outside. The door opened and then shut. Vortan acknowledged the presence of the old man as he entered the study, sceptre in hand, by taking out another glass tumbler, though he did not turn.
‘Good morning, Cathal.’
Vortan listened to his visitor wince. ‘I would caution you not to say my name, Lanfranc. But I think my time spent among the shadows has at last run out.’
‘Drink?’ Vortan asked.
‘Something strong.’
‘Of course.’ He moved over and poured another deep glass. Turning and handing it to him, he asked, ‘Have you spoken to Antal yet?’
Cathal took a sip, winced again. ‘It’s strong.’
‘It’s good.’ Vortan downed his own, his free hand already pouring another. ‘You should drink more. Heaven knows it has helped me.’
‘Helped is a strong word too.’
‘We have to discuss it, Cathal. We cannot put it off anymore.’
‘I know. I know.’ Another sip.
‘What is your plan?’
‘I have to take him.’
‘Have to?’
‘There is no other choice left to us now.’
‘You’re sure?’
‘I know you care about him, Lanfranc. But he has to do this. We both know he has to.’
‘I know that, my old friend. It only makes the truth harder. You are going to tell him the truth, aren’t you?’
‘Eventually yes.’
‘He has to know.’
‘He will. But not yet. He’s not dim-witted. He knows who I am. But the truth about where I came from must wait.’
Vortan spun. ‘Is it here?’ he asked. ‘Are they coming?’
Cathal nodded. ‘Soon.’
He placed the silver sceptre – an item he had for some years used as a walking stick as well as a means of defence – down onto a high-backed chair and joined the Von by the fireside. Vortan gazed at the many pictures upon the mantelpiece: his books and a narrow bust of his grandfather, long dead, alongside a dozen picture frames. In them were pictures of him and his childhood friend, Casandra Justus. Vortan’s ex-wife of many years, and his daughter, were within the rest. His beautiful child smiled brightly. He took his daughter’s picture from the ledge.
‘You remember my daughter?’ he said, holding it out to Cathal. ‘Beautiful girl. You know, I’ve not seen her since she was eight years old. She’ll be thirty-five now. Her mother stopped all contact after she took her away.’
‘I know.’
‘Yes.’ His lip trembled. ‘Yes, in this case I imagine you do.’
Cathal took the frame from him and dusted it down on his knee-length coat, placing it back upon the mantelpiece. ‘That settles it then, Lanfranc. Antal will come with me. His friends—’
‘Are welcome to stay here as long as they wish,’ Vortan said. ‘If I’m honest, I’d be glad of the company. This house has been too empty and too cold for too long now.’
Cathal placed a hand on his friend’s shoulder.
‘I am back now. I won’t let you be alone.’
‘My loneliness is nothing compared to yours.’
Cathal heaved a longing sigh. ‘My life has been shaped by loneliness. It was my own doing. I live with it.’
‘You are the boy who fell from the stars, Cathal. And now he’s back, I have to say, Antal looks so much like you.’
Cathal smiled. ‘No. He looks just like his mother.’
‘Casandra missed you the most towards the end. She always asked after you. Always believed you would come back for her.’
He hung his head and did not respond.
‘Where will you take him?’
‘Far from here. Far from Malizar. For as long as it takes.’
‘And then you think he will believe you? When you’re finally honest with him?’
‘Honesty. I wish I could have been honest from the very beginning. From the day he was born. From the moment I first held him in my arms. I wish I hadn’t had to leave, to run. I hate secrets, so much. Why do we have secrets, Lanfranc? Tell me.’
Vortan placed his empty glass onto the table. ‘Because, old friend, without them we would be blinded. By fact. By feeling. And sometimes a painful secret is better than a harmful truth.’


THIRTY-TWO




VORTAN MANOR HAD always been a miser of secrets, with many a story of skeletons and riddles concealed within its intricate corridors. Out of sight and for most of those within out of mind. Lanfranc Vortan was born the only child of the Lord and Lady Vortan-Smithe. His father was a professor of cartography, his mother a lecturer of Earth-history. The manor was always cold, even in the summer. For his early years it had also been a lonely house. That was until Casandra Justus arrived, accompanying her mother, a newly employed maid of the household. Casandra and Lanfranc spent many years being tutored together, and playing hide-and-seek out among a thousand greying tombstones.
Until it happened. Until he arrived.
Forty years ago a man fell from the sky. Who he was and where he came from was nowhere near as terrifying as the message he brought with him.
Something is coming.
All he would say were three words. Those three words and his name.
He called himself Cathal.
Something is coming.
Nobody knew what he meant. Not even after a decade of knowing him. Lanfranc Vortan and his best friend, Casandra, were the two that found Cathal that cold night, forty years past.
The man who called himself Cathal told them things – not much – but things he should not have known. The three grew up together. But Cathal had never really become a permanent part of their lives. He would disappear for many months, sometimes years at a time. But he would always come back.
As the years went by, Vortan worked hard, encouraged by his father to become, like him, a Stellar-Systemal Cartographer, mapping out ultimatt paths and new worlds. Watching, but never actually exploring. The farthest he got was the Lunar Academy, and eventually the Lunar Athenaeum.
It was Cathal who did all the true exploring, he imagined.
And it was Casandra Justus who waited for him. She had loved him since the very first moment they had met. And Cathal loved her. The two married in the year 4233, and three years later Casandra gave birth to Antal. Antal Justus. The young man who now stood upon the manor roof, preparing himself for a task about which he truly had no idea.


FORTY YEARS AGO

Surviving on the outer suburbs of the city called Avaris, Vortan Manor House lay surrounded by a mile-and-a-half of ancient headstones, memorials, and fading monuments of exciting lives, long forgotten. Among them, Casandra Justus, now sixteen years old, wandered among the silver-grey circular stones and hummed with a raw, youthful smile that so incensed everyone around her. Surrounded by forest in every direction, the manor was nestled perfectly between the rolling foothills of the Dunal de Garb mountains and vast open spaces between there and Avaris’ cloud-stroking towers.
It was early evening but Casandra could already see the full moon in the dark blue sky.
Lanfranc would be along at any moment. She danced on the spot, impatient as always. When he emerged from behind a particularly fractured headstone the two ran through the yard and into the forest. It had taken years to get him to leave the manor grounds, to find a spot that belonged only to them. A hill rose up about a mile into the forest. At the top they stopped and lay down upon the soft grass.
‘Just look at the moon,’ she said. ‘It’s so small. Like it’s forever away.’
‘Mother says it takes less than an hour when she goes to the Academy,’ Lanfranc stated.
‘I’m going to go one day,’ she mused. He scoffed and she nudged him in the ribs. ‘You’ll see. One day—’
The ground shook beneath them. Both jumped to their feet. The wind churned through the trees, the sound of it chillingly unnatural.
In the middle of the sky far up, directly above, a star fell. Casandra charged down the hill in the star’s direction. A low rumbling echoed beneath their feet as the star hit the earth.
It took thirty minutes to find the impact crater: a long, deep divide in the tree line. She didn’t wait, and hurtled headlong into the crater. It was massive. Casandra waited for Lanfranc to catch up and held his hand tight. She stepped down slowly. He followed, his hand shaking.
In the centre of the crater lay a body. A body was inside!
Casandra rushed down to him. Lanfranc followed, alert and watchful. The boy was moving, coughing, spluttering. He found his feet, then fell. He attempted to stand again, before collapsing back onto the ground, covered in ash and twitching. His clothes were singed black.
‘What’s that?’ Vortan said, pointing near the body.
Casandra dropped to her knees and crawled towards the boy. Beside him lay a bag, black and ashen with twinges of gold. ‘It’s a pack,’ she said. ‘A backpack, I think.’
‘Careful,’ Vortan said. ‘Just be careful. Don’t touch it. We don’t know who he is!’
‘He’s just a boy. Just like us. Hello,’ she said. ‘Are you all right? Can you hear me?’
The boy grumbled, lay on his back. ‘They . . . it . . . coming . . .’ he murmured. ‘Coming . . . no . . . no, really . . . coming . . .’
‘Come on,’ said Lanfranc. ‘We should leave him. He could have come from anywhere out there.’
‘I’m not leaving him,’ she said. ‘Run back to the manor and fetch some of the grounds-men.  There may still be some around.’
‘Casandra, no!’ He pulled her away. ‘He could be dangerous.’
‘I am not leaving him!’ She shrugged him off. ‘Now go on. Run back and I’ll wait here.’
Vortan hesitated, then thought better of it and ran from the crater.
Casandra remained with the boy on her knees, covered in ash and dirt. The boy turned over and looked up at her.
‘What’s your name?’ she asked.
He didn’t reply.
She stroked his cheek with her palm and leaned in closer. ‘I’m Casandra. Casandra Justus. Where did you come from?’
‘Far . . . away,’ he said.
‘Who are you?’
‘Cathal. My name is Cathal.’
She smiled. ‘Hello Cathal.’
‘Where am I?’
‘Earth,’ she said.
‘What . . . year is it?’
How could he not know?
‘Forty-two twenty-two.’
‘I made it,’ he said. ‘It . . . worked!’
‘What worked? You’ve been mumbling. You said something’s coming. What is coming?’
‘They are,’ he said. ‘They are coming.’
‘Who’re they?’
‘It’s over.’
‘What’s coming, Cathal?’
His head lolled back. He closed his eyes and mumbled one more time. ‘They are coming.’


THIRTY-THREE




THE SUN WAS rising. As he stood upon the manor roof, a small warmth found Justus’ face and he closed his eyes, imagined he was ten years old again. Leaning over the parapets of the great manor house, gazing at Avaris City in the distance. His mother was cooking dinner and Vortan yelling at him to get down before he broke his neck. He wished he could go back to those days and see his mother again. Hold her close.
The tickle of a water droplet slipped down his cheek. He did not wipe it away. It belonged to her. A part of him.
Footsteps grew louder behind him. His eyes remained closed. He had prayed, ever since Dimal told him of an old man, tall and wise, that it was him, that the man he had long thought gone was still there, watching. Beside him the footsteps stopped.
‘I know who you are,’ he said, opening his eyes and staring at the old man before him.
The man looked back carefully. ‘Do you, now?’
‘Vortan told me your name is Cathal. Why did you leave us, me and mum?’
‘Antal,’ he said, ‘I never left you.’
‘I needed you. We both did.’
‘You were safe here, with Vortan. Your mother had another chance to be happy, to be well—’
‘But she wasn’t,’ he said, feeling the familiar fury flooding through him. ‘Yes, we were safe here. We had money and servants and . . . and when mum married Vortan simple things were no longer issues. But the fire inside her died with you. Everything that happened after that happened because you left us. I blamed myself. For years—’
‘Antal,’ the old man said, ‘I—’
Justus shook his head. ‘I thought Vortan was depraved. But he was only involved with them because he was following your commands, at great risk to himself. You’re the selfish one!’
‘I was following my own commands, son—’
‘Don’t call me son!’ He slammed his fist onto the wall, crumbling a small section into rubble. He remained bowed down, staring at his shaking hand, breathing heavily. The anger built up inside him dissipated, leaving that same empty feeling he always felt when he thought of what he’d lost.
‘The hardest thing you ever did was come back here,’ Cathal said. ‘I know that.’ Justus looked up to find him smiling. ‘That’s some echo you have there.’
‘What?’
‘You met Peter Marx.’
‘How could you possibly know that?’
He turned and looked out across the valley at the city on the horizon. ‘Let me tell you a story, Antal. It begins with the fall of the moon Europa, and the extinction of the Iástron people.’
Justus didn’t know what to think. ‘I know the story. I recently . . . met an old woman. A survivor of Europa.’
‘I’m glad to hear it. But you have not heard this version. After the disaster, having lost his people, Peter Marx travelled the Systems, searching for any remaining Iástrons. But he was also searching for someone in particular.’
‘Malizar,’ Justus said.
‘Yes, Marrak Malizar. Not happy without a body, without some proof to rest his mind. Peter knew he had not died below the moon like so many others. He spent years looking for him, alas to no avail. The Córonat, as he now calls himself, was beyond intelligent. He knew Peter was searching for him. So he hid, for a long time, under the name Viticus. He concealed himself on Earth, and began his pursuit for power among the Von.
‘Peter’s journey also brought him to Earth. In those years of solitude Peter found friends. They were few. And they were loyal. Some were Von. This is where Vortan and I met him. Only briefly, but enough to see his power and his compassion. We offered our help. We swore to keep vigilant and protect the people of the Seven Rivers from Malizar, should he ever emerge. Which, of course, he did. Only recently, mind you. And much too late for anything to be done. As for Peter—’
‘Ten years ago he disappeared for good,’ Justus said.
‘How do you know that?’
‘Because here is a version you haven’t heard. Two months ago I met Peter, though for most of that time I didn’t know it was him.’
Surprisingly, and without hesitation, Justus told Cathal all that had happened upon Erebus. They sat talking as light swelled over the horizon and morning arrived. ‘But most dire,’ he said, finally, ‘is the fact that one man is responsible for all that happened upon Erebus. The masked man calling himself the Córonat.’ He bunched his hands into fists and punched the wall again. ‘And because of that place Peter Marx is now dead!’
‘But Peter cannot die,’ his father said.
‘What is death?’ Justus asked. ‘Peter Marx is no longer here. And I cannot think of a way to get him back.’
‘There is always a way. But now we have a problem.’
‘What problem? Malizar couldn’t have survived that fall from the craft.’
‘Are you sure, Antal? From what Vortan and I have gathered, it appears you and the Córonat share something in common.’
‘And what’s that?’
‘Vitality,’ he said. ‘A rare capacity for survival. A most useful echo. It is no coincidence that your echo from Peter is one of strength. You are a survivor. You have been all your life. But so is Malizar. That fall would not kill him, and neither will much else on this Earth.’
‘You spent time with Peter,’ Justus said. ‘Didn’t you or Vortan or anyone else receive an echo?’
He shook his head. ‘I was not willing to receive one. And Peter, after seeing the horrifying fate of his failed Iástron society, was no longer willing to share his gift. When we met him he was lost. By the time he left us he was truly alone.’
‘Then I’m the only one left. What am I supposed to do?’
‘Not go rushing to take on Malizar, that’s for sure. If Peter is gone as you say it will not be long before Marrak discovers he no longer has to consider him. He no longer needs to think of the worlds of the Alignment either. He and his Allied Moon will take up the title of Vontaura, and with no rival become the leaders of Earth.’
‘I can’t let him.’
‘We won’t. But we need to be smart. Secrecy is our greatest weapon now, and we must wield it wisely. And you are not alone. I am not so old yet that I cannot be of use.’
‘What will you do?’
‘Teach you,’ he said. ‘Prepare you. You will become a Iástron, and I can teach you how. I and others spent time with Peter, listening and learning from him. Together we will find a way to stop Malizar.’
‘Then let’s do it.’
Cathal shook his head. ‘You must understand. Peter chose you. He only chooses those whose futures he sees as worthy. If you are going to focus you have to leave your friends behind.’
‘No.’
‘You have to. There has never been such a threat. Malizar will bring war down upon us. And you will lead us into battle.’
‘I can’t even lead my own crew!’
‘I’m sure your crew would beg to differ.’
‘I won’t leave them.’
‘Then stay. Stay and see everything you love burn. Or come with me. Take Peter’s place and fight.’
Justus looked out at the manor grounds. Tombstones of different shapes and sizes as far as he could see. ‘I spent my life growing up here. I turned my back on it once already.’
‘And yet here you stand, Antal. And here I am beside you. The question at hand, however, is what do you do next?’


Aíron Veryan rushed up the stone steps, three at a time, stumbling and gasping, searching everywhere for Justus. She had to speak to him. She had to know what was going to happen to them. She missed her home. She missed her parents. She missed Raj, so much.
The sound of footsteps echoed behind her. She hid in a wall nook and watched Dimal pass. Aíron followed her through the manor and up to the roof. Justus stood there alone, leaning over the edge. She waited, hidden in the shadow of the steps, and watched Dimal approach him.
‘I got your message,’ she said. ‘What is it?’
Everything went quiet. Justus stared at Dimal, unblinking, as though daring himself to form words.
‘No,’ she said before he could speak. ‘You bastard. Don’t—’
‘Adra, listen to me.’
‘Don’t you dare. Don’t you DARE leave us again!’
‘Adra, you know me better than anyone ever has. I trust you and I know you trust me. So trust me. Trust what I say. I am coming back.’
‘That’s not good enough.’
‘Look, just because I walked away before doesn’t mean I will again. I’m not running away – you know I’m not. But if there’s a chance that I can save lives, that I can stop that murderer, I have to do it. This is my fight. But I need to be prepared.’
‘No.’
‘What?’
‘No. Just no.’
‘What do you mean, no?’
She looked him deep in the eye. ‘I mean . . . no.’
‘Hell, Dimal! Do you even realise what we’re facing?’
‘Do you?’
‘Not yet,’ he said. ‘But my father says he can teach me. And when I return—’
‘You’ll find me gone.’
‘Adra—’
‘No, Antal. I can walk away where you can’t. Like you said, this is your fight. Not mine. I’d stay, not for the others, but for you. I would die.’
Justus didn’t reply.
‘If you go,’ she said, ‘then so do I. Don’t come looking for me . . . if you come back.’
Justus held out his hand, reaching for her cheek. ‘I’m sorry.’
She pushed his hand away and stared intensely for several seconds. Then she turned and walked away, down past Aíron as she knelt in the shadow of the steps, and disappeared into the room below. Justus stood where he was, and she continued to watch him, wishing herself to stand up and go to him. But she didn’t. He was leaving. At last, the crew of the Crimson Flux was broken.
She wiped her eyes on her sleeve and turned to see Vortan and Cathal standing on the steps behind her. Sceptre in hand, the old man walked past her, up the steps. Vortan gestured and she followed him down. At the bottom of the stairway he turned.
‘You’re not alone, Aíron.’
‘I am. Raj has gone. Justus is leaving. Dimal won’t stay. Noah and Shree just want to be left alone. Shree lost her brother.’
‘You are all going to stay here at the manor for the foreseeable future,’ he told her. ‘There is plenty of room here. It’s safe. I will look after you, Aíron.’
She burst into tears, and punched an expensive-looking vase from a table nearby. The flowers inside fell slowly to the floor. She breathed in and out deeply, before looking up at him.
‘You know,’ he said. ‘Antal was just like you when he was young.’
‘He . . . was?’
‘Yes. Full of aggression and frustration. His mother didn’t know what to do with him. Do you know what I made him do?’
‘What?’
‘Use it. Channel it. Focus it. Until it resembled something close to a skill. I taught him to fence. Have you ever seen him fight?’
‘No, but I hear he’s good.’
The old man nodded his head gently, and motioned with a long, single finger. ‘Follow me.’
‘Why?’ she asked.
‘We’re going to do something with that frustration.’
‘What?’
The Von winked. ‘Channel it.’


Justus lifted his bag over his shoulder. He strode down from the house’s main entrance, his boots crunching loose asphalt at the bottom of the steps.
I’m ready. I’m ready to do what needs to be done.
Cathal waited in the shadow of the large red craft in front of him. The Scarlet Flux his father had named it, in ode to the fallen beauty that had been his home for several years. Justus turned and sighed, waved to Vortan, Aíron, Noah, and Shree as they stood at the top of the steps.
I will see you again.
Justus sat back in the Scarlet Flux’s cockpit. The leather seat was soft and new. He closed his eyes. You’re doing the right thing.
Cathal sat beside him. ‘You know, Antal, I do understand.’
‘What? What do you understand?’
‘The guilt. The shame. The clawing knives of a memory. I know what drives you, what pushes you on. The very thing that forced you to come back.’
Justus looked him in the eye.
‘You never could forgive yourself. For your mother. For your friends. And now for Peter. Guilt is a powerful emotion, but it can be so, so destructive.’
‘Your point being?’
‘Let go of your guilt. Find something else to motivate you.’
‘What?’
‘That’s what we’re going to discover. Together.’
The craft lifted off and took to the skies. Justus did not see his oldest friend, his co-pilot, his love, leave Vortan Manor. Dimal slipped away without a single goodbye, never to step foot on the manor grounds for as long as she lived. Justus knew he would lose her eventually. Because every man must do what he feels is right, but never can he expect to do something of so great a consequence without surrendering a thing or two along the way.


II

BLOOD OF THE ALIGNMENT


THIRTY-FOUR




A SILENT, CLOSED-OFF chamber lay in the lower portion of the Crilshan vessel Thagomizor, the young hours of morning. A single candle lit the cavity where High Lord Yux Dishan sat undisturbed, studying a collection of scripts on the history of Crilshar.
4262. The year of insurrection. The year of genocide. The year of repression and absolute rule.
Yux’s sister, back when she was alive, made all of this sound so much . . . greater. She wrote often of the glory of Crilshar and the rise of what the rest of the Alignment had come to term the Dark Race. And he was meant to feel proud? How?
He sat in silence and re-read a page he imagined was more significant than his sister believed when she wrote it:

. . . as the origins of Crilshar’s conflict with the powers of the Systemal Alignment are hidden deep in the caverns of history. From my research down in our deepest dungeons I have come to question whether the truth of our ancestors is buried deeper still . . .
. . . For the planet Crilshar, known as Ignis many centuries ago, was once the meeting place of a dark terror now possible in legend alone. The Imperial Wars, brought on by the rise of the Four Empires, permeates Alignment history. The Crilshan race’s genesis is forgotten. Its significance is not . . .
. . . Perhaps it is true that we came from evil intent. And if that is so then I fear what we are really capable of, and whether it is good at all.

Yux stopped reading and peered up. Wivartha Dishan strode into the room and sat in a seat nearby, his face almost fully shadowed. Yux observed the dark-orbed necklace sat around his uncle’s thin neck. The same necklace he had taken from Ruben Berenguer’s dying body back in the attack upon Crilshar.
‘Uncle,’ he said.
‘Commander would be more appropriate, Yux.’
Yux swallowed, a lump filling his throat. ‘How long until we reach home?’
‘Not long, I estimate.’ He reached across with a long, thin arm and took the book from Yux’s hand. He placed it onto the table between them. ‘What do you plan to do when we reach Crilshar, my kin?’
‘I would like to see it. All of it.’
‘Whatever for?’
‘Because until now, Commander, I have spent my life in two places: my bed and my chair. I would like to see my world.’
Wivartha snatched a sharp intake of breath and leaned in. ‘While you are High Lord by hereditary right, I am still commander of the legions.’
Yux shifted nervously. ‘I am happy to let it stay that way. I only want to see all I have missed the past thirty years.’
‘That is well, as we will very shortly possess the worlds of the old Alignment. Then you may go where you please.’
‘But the Córonat . . .’ Yux began, but stopped short upon glimpsing his uncle’s change of face.
‘Lord Malizar is impure,’ his uncle said. ‘The man is no more a man than the women in my bed!’ He raised a finger, dark nails reflecting the candlelight like the eternal image of his sister’s parched blood, and slowly placed it over the tall candle bent over the table. He embraced the sting of the flame as it went out, before rising to his feet. ‘Lord Malizar is khulul. See your worlds, Yux, do your duties, and time will take its toll on the old Iástron.’ He laughed bitterly. ‘We are the future, boy. Purity over frailty. You will see.’
Wivartha left the room in six sudden strides, leaving Yux cold and undermined. He took his sister’s book back, placed it on his lap, and left it there. He thought carefully. He was High Lord, and could go wherever he wanted.
Never mind where you want to go. Where do you need to go?
He made his decision faster, and with less hesitation, than he thought he would. Upon his chair’s personal communication relay he brought up an image link to his private captain, now on board his sister’s old ship below Crilshar. He did not trust the one his uncle had made ready.
‘Captain,’ he said. ‘I am almost home.’
‘Shall I prepare the vessel, High Lord?’ his captain spoke.
‘Yes.’
‘Where to?’
‘Set coordinates for the Retani Peninsula.’
He looked back down at the script upon his lap, no need for the dim light of the candle to make out what his sister had written:
. . . Crilshar’s era as an enemy of the greater part of the Human Race is, as I see it, soon to be forgotten. Either we determine the future history of our species, or plunge into the legends and myths as a formidable, albeit lost, race of Man . . .


THIRTY-FIVE




THE SOUND OF thunder broke upon the council room. Dust and stone shards littered the meeting table around which five figures sat. In the chair’s seat, Adelaide Abacco covered her face, pursed her lips.
‘Here be called the first council of the Phantom Committee,’ spoke her commander, Balvyn-Rath, the only one on his feet. ‘Here you will decide the Fourth System’s fate.’ The commander was her most trusted aide, dutiful and reverent. It was because of him that so many of her people had escaped Enustine alive. Balvyn-Rath looked to his Empress; she nodded and he sat beside her.
Upon Adelaide’s other side was the director of the Accentauriban Mining Guild, known only as Scargill. He was a kindly-looking gentleman, with a dark handlebar moustache and the best manners she had witnessed outside her court. He knew the mines of Ineri better than any other here. Director Scargill waited for her to signal, and he spoke, introducing the other three surviving leaders, also seeking refuge down among Ineri’s mines. There was Lady Jeelage of Proveria: a tall, harsh woman with not an ounce of sympathy dotted across her blemish-filled face.
Kind-Prince Isil of Samos sat beside Lady Jeelage. Whilst fleeing Enustine, the Enusti exodus had received a distress beacon from a lone Samosian vessel. Adelaide found the providence to be somewhat droll. Of a Queendom where daughters were favoured and the males passed over for all reward and advancement, it was almost ironic that it was the Queen’s only son who had survived.
The only other person in the room was the true stranger among friends. A single vessel had made the leap from Accentauria into Accentaurib, having eluded the advancing Crilshan fleet. Their leader was an admiral of the Mar-Andran Republican flotilla. The dishonour he must have felt gave Adelaide a small sense of satisfaction. Then again, he had not been the only leader to run and hide. This was the Phantom Committee. They were all cowards here.
The Committee waited and watched her. ‘I give the floor to you,’ Scargill said, respectfully.
Adelaide licked her lips. ‘Accentauria has surrendered completely. Samos and the Proverian territories have also. What remains of the leadership of the worlds of the Fourth System sit around this table. Crilshan and Proximan forces have spread to our remaining worlds.’
‘It over then,’ said Prince Isil in his broken dialect. ‘Nothing to do.’
‘No,’ Adelaide said. ‘There is nothing we can do but wait.’
‘Wait for what exactly?’ Lady Jeelage asked.
‘For somebody to do something. For a time when we can make use of our secrecy. But until then, this Phantom Committee will wait. Our time will come, I am sure. The Dishan cannot keep the entire Alignment under control. Power vacuums will emerge. Rivals will surface. That is why we will wait. It is this Committee’s mission to ensure the continued existence of the peoples of the Systemal Alignment, no matter where they be.’
‘No, no,’ spoke Lady Jeelage. ‘My commanders tell me otherwise. We think that we should attack while their forces are unconnected, broken up, and busy consolidating worlds.’
‘Our worlds,’ Prince Isil added.
‘Attack with what?’ Adelaide said.
‘With . . . With . . .’ Lady Jeelage looked down.
‘We could always leap back to Accentauria,’ said the deep-voiced Mar-Andran admiral. ‘They may not expect us to move closer to their base of power. Plus there are more worlds with more moons around my sun than yours.’
‘Yes,’ Prince Isil said.
Lady Jeelage nodded.
Scargill shook his head. ‘We are safe down here. Why risk such a rash repositioning? Thanks to our surrogate sun there are crops and food stores aplenty.’
‘I say we remain in the Fourth System, here, below Ineri,’ Adelaide said. ‘No matter what route we take leaping through to Accentauria, we would still be exposed once on the other side. Furthermore, we have no idea what condition the Third System is in, do we?’
‘That is correct, ma’am,’ said Balvyn-Rath.
‘Good,’ she said. ‘Then we remain where we are, and wait for help to come to us.’
The other Committee members shook their heads. They were in disagreement, but no one had a true answer. The group stood silently and left the room. Adelaide remained where she was and ushered her commander out.
Who knew how long the Phantom Committee would last? Who knew how long it would be before they were discovered? Who knew how long their sanity would hold out?
Adelaide Abacco looked at the empty table. Not empty. One body still sat there. ‘You are not real,’ she said to her husband.
‘You are right,’ the old emperor Abacco said with a smile. ‘I am dead. But not for you. For you I am always here.’
‘Leave me,’ she said, tears trailing down her white-painted face. ‘Leave me!’
‘You need me, my love.’
‘I need my sanity! I am surrounded by defeat, sat alone in a darkened room!’
‘Not alone.’
‘Hopeless! It’s all hopeless!’
‘I loved you, Adelaide. I still love you. Our sons love you.’
She gazed down and placed her head in her hands.


THIRTY-SIX




AN ARMOURED GROUND vehicle passed along the street of Titan’s Central City. Road blocks lined with rows of Crilshan sentries authorized its passage. The vehicle trailed on and halted just past Central Tower, outside a shining pillar of stone and glowing glass. From the vehicle a number of Crilshans emerged – young and old, male and female – and began to make their way into the tower.
Anna Berenguer stood looking out of her window at the moving crowd, swathed in silver from the surrogate sunset. It was the fourth arrival in three days. Each brought in around one-hundred Crilshan settlers. The occupation of Titan by Crilshar was now becoming permanent. There was no possibility, as far as Anna could see, of recapturing the Twelve Cities: they belonged to the people of Crilshar now, not simply the military. According to the daily statements presented by the Crilshan forces, two thousand of the Dark Race had arrived thus far. Callista said that many more would soon follow.
The ground vehicle took off down the street as soon as it was empty. Anna watched it disappear and then moved up to her bedroom, lay down on her bed.
The day was Thursday. It was the nineteenth of April. Six days since her return.
Anna had been attempting to train with Callista for the past few days. If she could call it training. So far they had done nothing but sit silently in what had been her uncle’s bedroom, surrounded by bitter candles. Anna enjoyed being with Callista and allowing her thoughts to wander. She insisted that it was important to learn to relax and listen to that little voice in her head.
But that same little voice fostered a dark thought; a desolation which grew as the days passed. The old woman’s guidance had no effect, as Anna’s despair stemmed from her sister’s secret pregnancy, and the riddle of the message of the Accentaurian, lay hidden inside the cold vault beneath.


Over the following weeks the Crilshan revolution came into effect. Total domination of Titan had begun. All insurgencies had been dealt with in severe form. From the fall of the Titanese Guard and their headquarters in the Martial City, daily announcements were relayed to the conquered populace – one of which announced:

Crilshan people! Crilshans PURE!

The strategic objectives in the Twelve Cities have been achieved. The following representatives of the Council of Titan have, as of this morning, been eliminated:

Enrico Reveaux
Arco de Guerra y Paz
Anthea Godíno
Pablo de Godoya
Varsal de Patino

When Anna read Anthea Godíno’s name she wept.
Two days later the names of the captured and executed insurgents were sent to every single household. No price could be put on the demoralising effect the news would have on an already defeated world. There were dozens of names. Again, Anna fought back tears when she read the name of the old Vizor, Christi Guerrero – the man who had once been her tutor at the Institute. All military and ex-military personnel that did not swear an oath to Crilshar had also been shot.
One week later and a further correspondence was broadcast. This time the hatred was aimed at otherworlders. Immigrants from captured or destroyed Alignment worlds were taken and ‘humanely’ disposed of.
Anna sat all night reading the names with Callista beside.
‘What’s going on out there, Callista?’
‘I don’t like to imagine,’ she replied.
‘I hope Justus and his crew are all right.’
‘Forget about them, Anna. Focus on us. On your sister. On yourself. You can do nothing for them now.’
Anna relented. Her mentor was right.


The following week saw the arrival of the first Crilshan governors to Titan. Their changes were seen immediately. Following the dawn of the political arm of the Dishan, their first statement read:

Crilshan people! Crilshans PURE!
You are all aware of the reprehensible methods with which the IMPURE Titanese, both at home and abroad, have used to bring about hostility against the Crilshan people and High Lord Yux Dishan’s interstellar regime.
The Alliance of the Four perpetrated genocide in the failed Invasion of Crilshar. If we do not desire to renounce our heritage and descend into deeper desolation, we MUST defend ourselves.
We therefore request you to heed the plea of our High Lord, the Crilshan people’s commander,
For a rejection of all Titanese custom and birthright
And demand the full resistance of each Crilshan in this defensive act.
Do not buy Titanese goods!
Do not use Titanese services!
And maintain the harshest regulation. Do not even touch the hair on a Titanese head.
The rejection begins this morning at dawn.
From now, we will inspect and watch to make certain that the rejection is closely adhered to. They who try to flout the rejection will be considered an enemy of the Crilshan people.
On the morning of Ikranat at dawn at the Dome of Command and the court outside there will be an open REJECTION MEETING.
Come in your masses and demonstrate to these impure lot that you rise with the Crilshan people.

Signed,

The Titanese governing group of the Proximan-Crilshan domination of Titan.
From then on groups of Crilshans, newly arrived from Proxima, stood outside Titanese shops and homes and companies throughout the Twelve Cities, and set upon any Titanese they came across.
The Berenguers were held hostage in their home, prevented from leaving, but the rest of Titan attempted to go about their daily duties, struggling through an occupied homeland.
Murder became an everyday happening. No charges were brought to any Crilshan found committing.
Worse news still arrived the following week. The usual daily inspection of the apartment was followed by some alarming news. There was hardly a person on Titan that had not heard of the Pure Gene. Upon Crilshar the Pure Gene procedure had been used for some two centuries, and it remained not only a crucial part of any pregnancy, enshrined in Crilshan law, but a point of pride and honour for all.
Uncle Ruben always said to Anna: ‘You aren’t Crilshan unless you have had the Pure Gene.’
Callista entered Anna’s room after the inspection and placed a sheet of paper on the bed. Anna moved across from her desk and, in reading what it said, her heart stopped.

Crilshan people! Crilshans PURE!

As of today all Titanese expecting mothers and newborn babies will receive the Pure Gene procedure.
There is no choice in this matter. The Pure Gene will be taken voluntarily or else administered by force. Anyone found to be hiding a pregnancy or a newborn will receive the Pure Gene and the child will be removed.

Both Anna and Callista decided not to tell Gílana the news. Thankfully none of their Crilshan overlords knew of Gílana’s pregnancy. Nevertheless they warned her younger sister of the measures they needed to take in order to keep it a secret. It was currently not a problem, but very soon it would become obvious. And having the baby born Crilshan was something none were willing to allow.
They discussed finding ways of leaving Titan. But with the three under house arrest, the other survivors of Erebus locked up, and four thousand Crilshan soldiers marching the streets of the Twelve Cities, such a plan, they quickly realised, would be nothing short of impossible.
And if all that was not enough to cause a nervous breakdown, the message from the mysterious Accentaurian echoed through Anna’s head every waking second of every long, arduous day. At night, when everyone was asleep, she would slip down to her uncle’s hidden vault and listen to the recording many times over, searching her mind for new questions to ask. But no matter how she phrased her replies or which way she directed them, she was never rewarded with any useful information other than ‘You know . . .’
She attempted to search her uncle’s data files on the Accentaurian, hoping to discover something about the name, but, being connected to the Command Dome and its archives, she found that all the data had been erased. There was nothing. No history. She had never felt more alone.
The night after the news arrived of the soon-to-be-enforced Pure Gene, Anna went down to the vault, having thought up a new question while sitting in candlelight listening to Callista whisper her peculiar chants earlier that day.
She closed the vault door behind her, initiated the Accentaurian’s recorded message, and sat down at the table. The Accentaurian began the message from the beginning, but Anna stopped it. The green and blue world hung suspended before her, silently, like a ball above a shaft of focused air.
‘Antal,’ she said, ‘is that you?’
Silence.
‘Antal Justus, is it you? Are you the Accentaurian?’
Nothing.
‘Who are you?’
‘I am the Accentaurian, and I am waiting for you—’
‘I know!’
Anna stood, picked up a metal cylinder from the table edge, and threw it across the room. It collided with the far control panel, smashing a screen and littering the board with sparks. A loud groan filled the room. Anna held her breath. She felt the ground vibrate, and the wall beside her shifted. It moved aside to reveal a second, hidden corridor.


THIRTY-SEVEN




CALLISTA SAT ON her bed, watching Anna knelt upon the ground, legs crossed and eyes closed. It was morning, the first of May. Eighteen days since they had arrived back within the Twelve Cities.
Anna was already looking thin. All three of them were hungry most of the time. Supplies were brought in each week – but never enough – and Anna always opted to have less so that she and Gílana could have a little more.
The sound of snoring came from Callista’s student.
‘Anna? Anna, are you asleep?’
‘Huh?’ She jumped awake.
‘You were sleeping.’
‘I’m . . .’ She yawned. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘Didn’t you sleep last night?’
‘I couldn’t.’
‘I heard you moving about. What were you doing?’
‘I tried to sleep. I stayed downstairs.’
‘Don’t do that again. I want you to stay with your sister at night.’
Anna hung her head. ‘Sure.’
‘I mean it.’
‘I know you do! Stop telling me what I have to do. I know!’
Callista tilted her head. ‘Take a deep breath, Anna.’
She did, and another, and almost fell asleep again. ‘My training isn’t going well, is it, Callista?’ she said, shaking her head back and forth.
Callista shook her head. ‘Nothing has changed. I was in no doubt that you had been touched by Peter. Now I am unsure as to whether that is the case.’
‘You don’t think I have an echo?’
‘I don’t think I’ve ever come across this situation. I was so certain you’d been touched. But you have no echo.’
‘Why?’
‘Give me your hand, Anna.’
Anna reached out and Callista rolled up her sleeve. However, she hadn’t prepared herself for what was underneath. The black bracelet throbbed around her right wrist, dark veins stretching through to her hand and upper arm. ‘Anna!’ Her tone was harsh, worried. ‘This is worse than ever. Does it not hurt?’
‘It’s numb. I can’t feel anything.’
‘Look at it. This isn’t right.’
‘I know, but what can I do?’
She stroked the girl’s wrist and hand, then allowed her pointed nails to score the veined skin. There was no groove, no serration, no way of removing whatever in that hellhole she had placed upon herself. She dug her nail in deep and felt a jolt of energy fill her hand. She wrenched it back, a tingle itching across her palm.
She looked at Anna anxiously. ‘Anything?’
Her student shook her head. ‘There’s nothing we can do. It won’t come off. It’s as though it’s not even there anymore.’
Anna clutched Callista’s hand tightly as it rested between them. They both breathed deeply, thinking carefully.
‘Perhaps this is the reason, child, that we have yet to see an echo. I fear this thing has begun to influence you in ways we cannot even recognise. It may reveal something. Until then we must wait.’


Callista sat alone that night in her bedroom as one by one the candles breathed out, the scented spices and wisps of grey smoke filling the air. Anna had once dreamt, strange dreams, confusing dreams. Now she didn’t dream when she slept. The black band was dangerous, she had no doubt.
It was Callista who suffered the nightmares now. Her visions had so far been muddled and vague; she found it difficult deciphering them. Until tonight. Until she saw how the night would end. She dreamt the first dream since she had arrived. When she jumped up to write it in her dream diary, she fell back onto the bed, realising she no longer had a diary.
Then something caught her ear. The dream! She listened carefully. A long, slow whine resonated from outside.
The door to the apartment.
Callista crept from her bedroom, down the steps, and into the apartment’s living room. The front door stood ajar. Faint light poured in, revealing the silhouettes of two large men.
Callista breathed out. Exhausted, hungry, and scared, she could hardly force her commands upon them. She couldn’t make them leave. She was at their mercy.
‘Wh . . . What do you want?’
One whispered to the taller of the two, who chuckled, and said, ‘We are here to see the Berenguer girls.’
‘For . . . what?’
They both laughed.
‘Are they upstairs, old woman?’
Callista grasped why they were here.
No! No, you can’t!
‘We will show the Berenguer girls what real Crilshan men do. We will show them, whether they want to or not.’
‘You . . . You can have any woman on this world. You don’t need my girls.’
‘We will have them.’
She took a deep breath. ‘Whatever you had intended for them, I myself can do it instead.’
They looked to each other, thought carefully. The taller nodded. They each took her arm, and dragged her silently from the apartment.


THIRTY-EIGHT




THE FACES OF the victims of his people haunted Yux Dishan, reminding him forever of his own fate. As he had sat in his chair, unable to move, and barely able to utter a sentence without anguish, his sister would tell him stories of Crilshar’s power, of their family’s deeds. And he promised himself that, if he ever left his chair, if he ever had the chance to partake in the deeds of the age and lead his people himself, then he would rise higher than all those before him.
Now he had that chance. But he could not do it alone.
Yux stood at the command centre of his sister’s old vessel and watched the image of the planet in the distance. An orb of pale yellow encircled a dark world and Yux’s insides became even more knotted. The spiked craft soon reached the atmosphere and Yux watched the dark rock of Hellfire move closer. Dwelling place of the worst criminals the Four Systems possessed.
The capital moon of the three which made up the Retani Peninsula was now known as Iraan. Following the attack upon Crilshar, Retani Iraan returned to his home moon and had his father removed and executed – as per Lord Malizar’s order. Nobody knew Yux was now here. He had been left to send poor Maxim Pinzón, once Lady of Titan and one of the Iástron children, down to the prison moon Hellfire. He had done so. He wished he hadn’t.
The dark caverns of Hellfire were endless. The screams echoed amongst the dead rock as though the stone itself cried out with anguish. The stench of fear and death caused only fear and death. Hope and light were but memories in the darkness, as the tunnels sloped downwards, making for any man or woman lost below an endless struggle to clamber out.
But the true darkness within was the evil a man took with him.
Yux’s spiked craft touched down on the surface and was thus carried below. The sound of an engine was now alien to the survivors of this demonic world, and their only chance of escape they now feared; and so they ran from the shuttle as it was lowered beneath the surface of screaming rock.
Down, down, and down farther the craft fell, as though the boned fingers of hell itself reached out and welcomed newly picked substance. Touching where no light reached, a gate opened and from the shuttle a single shape emerged. Yux Dishan stood still among the bloodied bones and the foul stench of demise and misery.
The shuttle remained where it was, though it lifted its access ramp. Who knew what could find its way on board?
Yux stepped forward twice and stopped. All was silent. His eyes watered at the stench. He covered all but his blurred eyes with a thin head cloth.
‘Ruben Berenguer!’ he cried. His words resonated through the miles and miles of endless tunnels – dark passages of the Eternal Pits. ‘Ruben Berenguer!’ he cried again.
‘I’d be careful what you shout,’ spoke a voice from the shadows. ‘Who knows what you might wake?’
Yux turned to see one of the many gatekeepers of the prison moon appear from the shadows; laughing and bent over on a crooked stick he shuffled into view.
The old man began, ‘I am—’
‘I’m not looking for an introduction,’ Yux interjected. ‘I was never here.’
‘Understood, sir.’
‘The air down here is foul.’
‘Tainted,’ the gatekeeper said. ‘What else is a man to smell like who has been thrown down here to rot?’
‘Do they survive long?’
‘You’re thinking of going in?’
‘I am looking for a man.’
‘Then you’ll have to go in.’
Yux wanted to find the safety of an enclosure. He felt exposed.
‘The strongest man lasts about six weeks down in the lowest dungeons. If he makes it past six, then he’s not a man anymore.’
‘The man I look for is stronger than most, I say. I stowed him alive with another in their crate.’
The old man shuffled around. ‘We could try and search my records.’
‘He will not be in any record.’
‘Why is that?’
‘Because nobody knows he is here.’
‘Ahh, much like you.’
‘Yes, old man.’
‘Less of the old man!’
Yux poured on further scorn. ‘You will speak, Retani, when I tell you to.’
The gatekeeper raised his thin stick and struck it across the back of Yux’s legs. Yux almost laughed at his retort. ‘Don’t you know who I am?’
‘I don’t care who you are.’
‘Well, you should.’
‘Up there, maybe. But down here we’re all savages.’
He had a point.
The keeper hobbled to one side, and spat upon the ground. ‘I think I will have to contact his High Lord’s people regarding this request.’
Yux considered his options. Wivartha had no idea that Yux saved Ruben Berenguer. That Ruben had not died below Crilshar. That Yux had stowed him away inside Maxim Pinzón’s casket. That Yux had betrayed his own people because he had one thing so many had not. Because he had a conscience.
It must remain that way. This old man did not realise who he was. He could simply have him removed, shot dead without a second’s thought, right here and now.
But that is exactly what Wivartha would command. Yux’s greatest strength was the fact he was not his uncle.
‘I will not command you any which way, Retani,’ he said after some thought. ‘I would, however, ask you to wait until I return before informing anybody of my visit.’
The old guard chewed it over, and at last nodded his head, face bowed down, thick beard twisted and unclean.
‘Thank you. You will have your teams search this man out for me?’
‘Ruben Berenguer?’
‘How do you know that?’
‘Because, sir, you yelled it within fifteen seconds of leaving your craft.’
‘Oh.’ Yux started back. ‘If you find anything, good or bad, have a message sent to my private wavelength. You will have it stored by now.’
‘Yes, sir. Until next time.’
Yux boarded his craft. This was not the time. He had to find another way to save his people. As the ramp retracted, the old man, having followed, stood nearby and said, ‘Be careful who you trust! I have heard things down here. I have seen things and done things. Trust only yourself, High Lord.’


THIRTY-NINE




CALLISTA BERENGUER STOOD with her ear to the locked door. Gruff voices on the other side kept her quiet, though she couldn’t control her breathing half as much as she would have liked to. A blunt kitchen knife shook in her hand. She was not well versed in Crilshan, but could guess what the two were talking about.
 She hadn’t told Anna or Gílana about what had happened. It wouldn’t be fair. But if either of the two creatures now only several bolts away even dared try it with her girls, she would make it her duty to ensure the brute left without a vital slice of his anatomy.
Footsteps now. The talking had stopped. One outside, maybe none. She let the air out of her lungs. One on their own wouldn’t try anything. Coward.
Callista backed up, placed the knife into her pocket. The wooden floor was cold on her bare feet as she tiptoed up the steps. It was so quiet, so dark.
Gílana’s room was empty. It always was now. Gílana had spent every night in Anna’s bed. Best that way, she knew. Callista was in Ruben’s old room, but every so often she would spend the night with the girls.
She tread carefully along the corridor and opened Anna’s door. The two were asleep in the bed.
Stay asleep. I’ll protect you. No one will harm you while I am here.


Anna kept her eyes closed until Callista had gone. She hadn’t slept all evening, though Gílana tossed and turned beside her, speaking out as she dreamt.
When Anna did manage to sleep, the disappointment that filled every waking second did not end. She could not dream. Having spent all her life up to this point dreaming about her parents, her mother, and so many other terrifying thoughts she had so often repressed, not being able to dream now simply felt wrong. Like a wound that would not bleed.
She waited until Callista returned to her own room, and then a little longer just in case she was not yet asleep. Then she made her way downstairs, back into the hidden vault through the concealed passage, making sure to close everything behind her. Once inside she gathered a set of paper plans to the cities, and activated the second hidden door she had found within. She had no idea where it led, but descended the narrow passage nonetheless.
It took some time to reach the bottom, but once there she realised she was within an underground conduit. From there she climbed up and into the dark, silent streets. She carried on, in the direction of the outer edges of the city. Her heart hammered her chest. The free air filling her lungs was worth the risk. The plans she had taken now helped her avoid the main city connector routes, and the access gate back into the underground conduit was just where it should have been. The retrieval codes were written on the map. It was like her uncle had left them for her, as some sort of last resort were anything ever to happen to him. From there it was simple enough to enter the rest of the cities. But there was only one she needed to go to. Only one had what she desired most.
The Forest City was beautiful, even in virtual darkness. Many of the trees in the vast oxygen-gathering wood were dying through reduced surrogate sunlight. The air was cold but it smelt of warm ash, as though a recent bonfire had filled the dome. She knew where she was headed. Through the centre of the city and the largest of the trees lay a small pool of silver-glowing water, and beyond that a garden filled with purple Larkspur, thick plots of cool Lobelia, and strings of moss hanging down from the branches above like natural bunting.
The dome-shaped gravestones of her mother and father lay untouched. The most precious gift she could have asked for. The Dark Race’s evil had limits not even they realised.
As she knelt upon the cold grass, her vision blurred, a tear fell down her cheek and she read and reread her parents’ memorial stones.
‘I wish you were here,’ she told them. ‘Things would be so different. I know they would. And yet I’m glad you’re not. I’ll take care of Gílana. I will die before I let anything happen to her. I have some news. You might be a little angry, but go easy. She’s pregnant, you know? A little boy. Not long now, then you’ll be grandparents.’ She smiled.
A twig snapped behind her. She jumped to her feet and spun, unable to see anything. Then, from nearby, the sound of laughter. Three bodies moved in the shadows. Slowly. Taunting.
No, no. Not here.
‘Icha ita nada?’
‘Drabu der nachutar.’
‘What do we have here?’
Anna wanted to run, but found herself unable to move.
‘I said what do we have here?’
Another figure moved nearby. She couldn’t run. They would only follow. The four surrounded her. Crilshans. No older than Gílana.
‘Female,’ one whispered.
They sniggered, swaggering forward. The shortest strutted up to her, pressed his face into hers.
She breathed in. ‘Well—’
His fist plunged into her the stomach. She fell to her knees and felt a blow to her shoulder, knocking her onto one side. One of the youths spat at her. Another kicked her hard in the stomach several times. They were not fooling around. They meant to kill her. She coughed and spluttered, knew she was going to lose consciousness. Another drove his foot into her stomach.
‘Stop!’
The beating halted, though the pain continued to send her head spinning.
‘Byna!’
Grunts and the sound of beating fists were all she could make out. Shouts and low cries. Then silence. And darkness. She took several deep breaths, hoping that it was over, contemplating whether she was still in the wood.
Before long a strong hand raised her up off the ground and led her over to the base of a nearby tree. Her spinning vision slowed and she looked up into a dark face.
‘Gordian?’
‘Hello, little girl.’
‘Gordian. How did you . . . find me?’
‘I’ve been keeping an eye on you.’
She frowned, gazed about them. ‘Where did they—’
‘Gone.’
‘You . . . You—’
‘Gave them a beating they’ll remember for a while.’
‘Won’t they report me?’
‘They don’t know who you are. But I would like to know how you got down here.’
Anna hesitated.
‘You can tell me, Anna. I give you my word I won’t take you in.’
‘I snuck out the front door. Our guards aren’t very good.’
‘Fine,’ he said. ‘Don’t tell me then.’
‘Since you’re here, Gordian, could you tell me something?’
‘What?’
‘Any . . . Anything.’
‘Hope is a dangerous thing.’ He stood and took out his hard-ridged blade, holding it up towards her. ‘Hope can destroy just as easily as it can build.’ He plunged the sharp tip into the grass. ‘Hope is like a weapon. We must wield is shrewdly. I will put it differently. Who would you like to know about?’
‘My uncle,’ she said at once. ‘Is there any word?’
Gordian looked away, shook his head. She knew he wouldn’t tell her if there was.
‘What about Ferranti? Please tell me he’s all right.’
He nodded.
‘How is he?’
‘Ferranti, Avéne, and the professor are in the martial city. Sharing a cell, you may be pleased to hear.’
‘I’ll be pleased when we’re free.’
‘You think that’s a possibility?’
‘My hope is a strength.’ She stood, wiping away the grass from her clothes. ‘Is yours?’
‘What does the old Iástron have to say, Anna?’
‘Not very much, these days. She’s weaker. I don’t know how long she’ll last. I worry about her. I worry she’ll be taken.’
‘I will do everything in my power to stop that.’
‘You know,’ she said, ‘I actually believe that. Hell knows why.’
He tilted his head, dark eyes gazing down. ‘Mistress Sudana. She is the Iástron that professor Kramer spoke of. Callista seemed most worried by her mention.’
‘Mistress Sudana serves the Córonat,’ Anna told him. ‘That’s why. She serves Lord Malizar. He is the one responsible for all of this. He is to blame.’
‘Here.’ He reached into his large coat and handed her a pair of small, dark goggles. ‘Some of the Crilshan migrants are wearing them. The surrogate sun here is still a little brighter than they are used to beneath Crilshar. Take them. They may mean the difference between being stopped and making it past a patrol.’
‘I don’t care anymore,’ she said, though she took the goggles from him.
‘Yes. Yes, you do.’
‘You know that?’
‘I know you care for your sister, Anna. Go back to her. Treasure what time you have left.’ He placed his blade into his belt. ‘Stay in your home. Only there will you be safe. I may not be there next time.’
‘But if I need you . . . where can I find—’
‘I will be watching out for you, Anna. If your need is beyond desperate you can find me in the old wine cellars.’
‘Near the southern edge of Central City?’
‘Yes. But I would not risk it unless absolutely necessary. Even then, really.’
‘I understand.’
‘Do you know your way back?’
‘Yes.’
‘Then go. And be careful. This is not Titan anymore.’


FORTY




TITAN’S MARTIAL CITY. Midnight. Muted voices carried through the brightly lit prison pod at the centre of the labyrinthine detention complex. Avéne Ketrass sat straight up and squinted through the bright light at a figure stood outside her cell. The Crilshan Gordian, goggles securely fastened over his face, stared into her. She stared back for some time, and watched him turn and walk back up the steps, glancing at her cell as he addressed his superior.
Crilshans found it hard to tolerate any light brighter than dim. Their goggles blocked out the unbearable brightness left to surge into each prison pod every single second the survivors of Erebus had been here. Torture like no other. Their cubed cage was clear on all sides. Crilshan soldiers, dark goggles across their faces, stood watching incessantly.
Having spent the last three weeks in this cell with only Professor Kramer and the blond captain Ferranti for company, Avéne was truly a woman alone. Having never married, never born children, and never even loved, the prospect of spending the rest of her life in the bloody prison booth made her want to kill every last person in sight. The fact that they were all men only made things worse.
Ketrass left her hard bed and crawled past a sleeping Ferranti. Kramer sat in the corner. He saw her and looked away, closing his eyes, his single, dark eye concealed behind black bags from the beatings he had suffered almost daily. After the confrontation upon the lightning planet below the black-rock moon he had lost his hand. He held the stub with his other now, never letting go except to caress it like a dead animal.
She collapsed on the ground beside him. ‘Talk to me,’ she said. ‘Tell me something.’
Help me to fall asleep. Talk until the pain is gone.
‘What would you like me to say, dear?’
‘I don’t care. Just talk.’
‘I cannot talk. I cannot think. My mind rots.’
She fell onto her back, thought about her own parents, long gone now. No, she wouldn’t go there. She refused to think about her past.
She opened her eyes, reached out towards the professor. ‘Will you tell me the truth . . . the truth about you?’
‘The truth? What truth?’ He seemed suddenly awake now.
‘There’s so much I don’t know about you. Everyone has a story. How did you end up on the Titanese vessel with Lesper and Dathlan Berenguer? How did you finish up on Erebus?’
He looked down upon her, and breathed out slowly. ‘The truth, Avéne, is that I was conceived below Crilshar. But I was born here, on Titan.’
‘Here?’
‘Yes. Back on Crilshar, during the first Titan-Crilshan war, fifty years ago, my mother was part of the prison guard of the deepest dungeons. I don’t know much about it. But what I do know is this. She fell in love with a man from Titan – a prisoner of war within Crilshar. They planned to leave, to be together, I was told. He was my father. But the night of their escape they were caught. He was killed and she taken to have the Pure Gene “inserted”.’
‘The Pure Gene?’
‘Genetic manipulation. They believe it is what gives them purity and strength, but it is what makes them weak. I imagine they will be administering it to all Titanese newborns by now.’
The young Berenguer girl entered Ketrass’ thoughts. ‘Hell!’
‘You have no idea of hell, Avéne.’
‘What . . . What happened to your mother?’
He cleared his throat and sat thinking. ‘During the Pure Gene procedure my mother fought back. Through some miraculous fortune she managed to escape. I think she had help, a sympathetic practitioner perhaps. The process was incomplete, but it was partially realized. She fled Crilshar and made for Titan, to be with the family of the man she had fallen in love with.’
‘And they helped her?’
‘They did. I was born later that year, but because of the partial procedure I was born with one dark eye. A black companion within. The other eye was dark to begin with, but faded to human green in time.’
‘So you grew up on Titan?’
‘This place was my home. I of course had to wear an eye covering, to disguise my Crilshan heritage by feigning a lost eye. Both my mother and my father’s family died while I was growing up. I truly was an outcast. Somewhere along the way I discovered an interest in Old Science. I studied at the Central Institute. But I always wore my eye covering for protection.’
‘Oh, Xerin,’ she said. ‘I had no idea.’
‘Good! I never wanted anyone to.’
‘Go on. I want to hear this. If you can.’
‘I have no issue sharing my history with you, Avéne. In fact now I’m hoping you take something away from it.’ She nodded once. ‘After graduating,’ he continued, ‘top in my discipline, I joined a Titanese vessel. It was the thing to do at the time. I served on the Novastream.’
‘The Novastream. The vessel the girl’s father—’
‘Yes, I served under Captain Dathlan Berenguer. And it was under his captaincy that we discovered the asteroid which became known as Erebus.’
‘So where does Lesper come into it? He was Erebus’ commander, after all.’
‘Patience, dear. It was while serving on the Novastream that I had frequent dealings with the Earth liaison who made regular visits to Titanese vessels. This representative of the Von was, of course, Constantine Lesper. Unbeknown to anybody else, even me, Lesper was a member of the Order of the Allied Moon, recruited while on Earth. He was, in secret, taking orders from his master.
‘Now to Erebus. The Novastream met three Crilshan barrages in battle in the year forty-two fifty-two. Outnumbered and outgunned, we fled to survive, taking an unknown and unmapped path away from the ultimatt corridor. Lesper was on board at the time. It was then that we fell upon the black-rock moon and the lightning planet. Once we’d mapped our location and realised where we were, Lesper informed his master of the discovery and was told to expect a visit from his most trusted servant: the Iástron Sudana.
‘Lesper told me the truth about him and begged me to become part of the Order. I agreed. The only one we had trouble persuading was the captain. Therefore when Sudana arrived, she wiped any memory of his family, along with the memories of the rest of the Novastream crew. Over the following ten years, the triumvirate of the Captain, the Commander, and I governed Erebus under the command of the Córonat – Marrak Malizar of the Allied Moon.’
‘You told Callista you didn’t know him.’
‘I say a lot of things, Avéne. Some secrets are worth keeping. Only Lesper ever knew of my half-Crilshan-half-Titanese identity.’
‘You could have told me.’
‘No, I couldn’t.’
She looked out at the Crilshan guards outside. ‘So all this time, all the things they have done, you must hate yourself for being part of them.’
‘Quite the reverse, Avéne. My point is, not all Crilshans are as you imagine. My mother was a good woman. So just how many more do you think exist out there? That is not to say that I wouldn’t very happily kill many of these dogs right now.’
Ketrass’ jaw clenched. ‘I would gladly help.’
‘My point again. Do they all deserve it?’
‘Of course they do. Look what they did to you!’
‘What they did? What they did was make me who I am today. And though many would argue otherwise, I would have it no other way.’
‘You’re talking about fate again. You know that’s drivel—’
‘I’m beginning to wonder,’ he said, gazing from the cell at the two guards standing with Gordian, ‘if perhaps all of this is far more connected than I previously thought. But the fact remains: we are as doomed in here as any out there. More so.’
Ketrass watched the professor as he sat, eyes shut, in silent thought. Much like he used to upon Erebus.
‘What are you planning?’ she asked.
‘It may take some time,’ he said.
‘What? What will?’
‘But we can manage it.’
‘Manage? What are you planning?’
He grunted, opening his odd eyes to look into hers. ‘A way out.’


FORTY-ONE




HIGH LORD YUX Dishan sat in his chair at the highest point in the viewing centre of his sister’s vessel. A projection filled the far wall, floor, and ceiling. Stars surrounded everything as though the entire viewing centre were made of glass. Truly stunning. Far better than darkness, he thought.
Drifting in orbit above the Retani Peninsula’s foremost prison moon, he thought carefully about what exactly he was doing here. He wished his sister were with him. She had always been so clever. She would know what to do. Avaj had warned him of their uncle. Wivartha was not an ethical man, even by Crilshan standards. That was clearer now than it had ever been.
The month was Survinat. The day was Aack. The greater part of four months had passed since his last visit to Hellfire. His mission: to save his people and the people of the Alignment from his uncle and the Córonat. The problem: he had no idea how.
The light upon his great chair began to flash, informing him of the incoming message. He activated the chair’s underside and he rotated backwards, through an opening in the wall behind, and into a small, dark room. The opening sealed him inside and the image of Wivartha Dishan appeared upon the wall. Knowing without question that his uncle should be the one bowing to him, Yux bowed instead. His commander merely smirked.
‘My nephew.’
‘Commander.’
‘Your location?’
‘My location—’
‘I wouldn’t lie to me, Yux. My tracker puts you somewhere within the Retani Peninsula.’
‘Your tracker?’
‘You do not think I would allow you to go eloping in one of my vessels when our hour is at hand?’
‘Have I given you cause to doubt me, uncle?’
‘You haven’t given me cause to trust you.’
‘I would like—’
‘Like what I tell you to like! Weeks you spent among our people. Then you disappear. Months you’ve been away from Crilshar. Months and no word – none at all!’
‘I have been—’
‘You have been leading me for a fool. It’s time you played your part.’
Yux frowned. ‘I thought you preferred that I stay out of the way?’
‘That was then. I need you to return to Crilshar. Immediately.’
‘Has something happened?’
Wivartha smiled, bearing his teeth. ‘The Alignment survivors are hiding beneath the mining world Ineri. We have found them. I am on my way to destroy their resistance this very moment.’
‘How did you discover their whereabouts?’
‘A Proverian ship was captured as it attempted to leap into Accentauria. A ship which had been among a fleet, a hidden flotilla within Accentaurib. Their captain gave up their whereabouts before torture began.’
‘Where are they, uncle?’
‘Hidden, young nephew. They were hidden in plain view all this time. Right in front of my eyes. Do as I say now. Return to Crilshar.’ He looked away, smiled, and switched off the link.
Yux remained in the dark room, breathing deeply. He waited some minutes before he brought up his communication link, preparing a fresh message. He knew where the Alignment survivors had been hiding all this time. He knew they were beneath Ineri, knew they had to remain there in secret until the time was right.
Yux prepared his message for the Phantom Committee right away. He had to warn them, had to give them enough time to escape. Wivartha must not find them.
Yux breathed out slowly, thought about his uncle’s words. Hidden in plain view. A thought struck him. Once he returned to Crilshar, he had to come back to Hellfire. He had to find Ruben Berenguer.


FORTY-TWO




IN ADELAIDE ABACCO’S private chamber on board the Achakachula beads of Jovian Fuchsia hung over her makeup table, their lilac petals touching her bare legs as she sat applying white powder upon her cheeks. Above her head a single light illuminated the process, while sixteen nightingales in a coop nearby chirped her childhood lullaby. Cheep, cheep, chi, chi, cheep. Laa, di, la, dum. Her eyes focused on the screen beside her. An image of the green and brown world Samos.
The message had arrived seven hours prior, its origin unknown:

You have been discovered.
Leave Ineri immediately.

At first she and the rest of the Phantom Committee had dismissed the communication as a ploy of the enemy. An attempt to bring them out of hiding. But it was soon revealed by the natives of Ineri that a Proverian carrier had, only a short time prior, disappeared. Proveria’s Lady Jeelage had been among them. Fled like cowards. In all probability they had been captured. And very quickly it had dawned on the survivors that they were discovered. Scans of all ultimatt paths into Accentaurib then presented the Crilshan armada. Its aim was Ineri. The anonymous messenger had been correct.
They abandoned Ineri in thirty minutes, leaving behind any that were unprepared. Ineri’s Director Scargill was among those missing. This was sad news as far as the Empress was concerned.
Adelaide placed down her eye makeup and looked intently upon the screen. They entered Samos’ atmosphere and descended after Prince Isil’s vessel. He had abandoned Samos only four months ago. She imagined he was pleased to be home. Then again, his mother the Queen was dead. As was the majority of his people. All the cities had been destroyed. Their only hope now was to trust the Samosian’s knowledge of this world.
They headed to a mountainous province offering the greatest amount of protection. The surviving Alignment fleet set down in the region of Gothandir, near the ancient mountain fortress of Maro Purgon. All outward communication was shut down, power now allocated on an essential basis.
Before long, Prince Isil entered the Achakachula and was escorted to the Empress’ private chamber. She waited patiently, dressed neat and elegant. He entered and sat in the chair placed beside her.
‘My friend,’ she said once they were alone. ‘Are your people on board the Argo well?’
He nodded. ‘Yours?’
‘Also well.’ She smiled. ‘Who would have foreseen this? An Enusti exodus onto Samos herself?’
‘My mother respected you,’ Isil said.
‘And I, her. Our worlds have fought too often in the past. Now Samos and Enustine are all that is left.’
‘No word from Jeelage?’ he asked.
‘None. Nor from Scargill. Ineri is lost.’ Both sat back.
‘These brutes must be fought,’ he said.
Adelaide smiled. The prince had feigned poor knowledge of the Common Tongue until he was in a position of power. Now he was. She admired him for it.
‘You laugh at me,’ he said. ‘But you know not the Crilshan plague as we do upon Samos, which the Cursed Race once called home. Before it rested for control. Before they fled to their molten caverns. The minds of their captains are black. Utterly evil. Maro Skia I name them. Black Shadow and Death. They must be met with equal anger.’
‘They will. But only when it is useful to us.’
‘You mean to you?’
‘No. I mean to us.’ She turned her head to see her husband stood in the corner of the room. His presence took her by surprise. ‘You’re not real,’ she told him.
‘Excuse me?’ Isil said.
Adelaide looked to the prince, then back to her husband. He was gone. ‘N . . . Nothing,’ she said.
‘You are tired.’ The prince stood. ‘You must sleep.’
‘Leave me, then.’
He strode to the door and turned. ‘Think on my words,’ he said. ‘The Dark Race will discover us eventually. Our time is running out.’


FORTY-THREE




A FAINT TAPPING touched Gílana’s stomach, waking her suddenly. She turned over in her bed and thought nothing of it. Until a creasing pain stretched the length of her abdomen. She screamed, kicking her tangled sheets away. Another pain. She screamed again.
‘Annaaaa!’
Another dull pain throbbed through her.
‘Annaaaa!’
‘What?’
‘Come! Callistaaaa!’
‘We’re coming! We’re here!’
Anna and Callista rushed into the bedroom. ‘What’s wrong, sis?’
‘The baby – it’s coming!’
‘Hell, no!’ Callista said, rushing round and wrenching the over-sheets off the bed.
Gílana reached out for her sister. Anna climbed onto the bed, both hands clutching hers, out of breath and anxious. The old woman placed both hands upon her bloated tummy.
‘What’s wrong, Callista?’ Anna hovered over them, bottom lip quivering.
‘There it is again – ouuuuch!’
To her utter dismay, Callista began to laugh.
‘What!? Why are you laughing?’
She looked up. ‘The baby, child. The baby is kicking.’
Anna exhaled. ‘The baby child. The baby child is kicking.’
Gílana frowned. ‘Why is the baby child kicking?’
‘Relax, Gílana. It’s perfectly natural. Come, come have a feel.’
Anna moved round and all three placed a hand upon her bloated womb. Another pain, though admittedly not as bad, echoed through her. A pressing upon her skin, pushing outward.
‘This is natural?’
‘You’re about thirty weeks gone, Gílana. This is nothing to fret about. Really. I suggest we have a sit down later and talk about what’s soon to come. If you think this is bad—’ She caught Anna’s eye and paused.
‘What she means, sis, is that labour isn’t easy. But we’re here for you.’
It took another few minutes for the baby to kick again. She was tired, so Anna and Callista left the room as she lay back down, hands upon her belly. The kicking continued a little longer. One small tap, then another shortly after. It was uncomfortable, and yet it felt amazing.
Gílana wasn’t going to let this phase her. She wouldn’t let anything do that. The baby would come, and maybe not knowing would make things easier. Her thoughts wandered, a thousand worries flashing from one side of her brain to the other. She thought about her mother, Nolkiet. She’d died in childbirth when Gílana was born. She felt like Anna tried not to talk about Nolkiet, like she thought it would upset her, or because she secretly held some grudge. Anna had always been affected more by the disappearance of their father. She herself didn’t really remember him. Uncle Ruben had been a father to her.
And she missed him. So much.
Eventually the kicking stopped. She lay there for hours more, thinking, until all the worries faded away.


It was another few days before Gílana discovered the Crilshan governors’ plans for the Pure Gene insertion. Anna had kept the secret well, not wanting to concern her. At first she’d been able to do nothing but cry. The other two simply thought she was emotional.
The old Gílana Berenguer wasn’t gone. She wouldn’t lose herself. But she hated what she’d done to Anna. She hated the fact she had betrayed her and slept with Jon, her very own sister’s best friend. Here was her reward: a child that Anna would no doubt resent.
Anna hadn’t mentioned Jon at all since Erebus. It was easier to forget than to remember something so painful as his death. Like their mother. Like their father. Like Uncle Ruben. She’d spent too much time worrying about it. It wouldn’t phase her. She would not let it.
In secret, Gílana read the daily statements released by the Crilshan governors. Anna and Callista thought she had no idea, having hidden them in a kitchen drawer. She went along with it, pretending that she didn’t know. According to the wicked Crilshan officials, most Titanese lives were not worth living. Crilshan politics had become part of their military’s Master Plan.
Gílana didn’t know much about Crilshar and the Dishan, but she knew cruelty and cowardice when she saw them. The others could discuss it between them. But even the youngest Berenguer knew when hope had run out.
The baby continued to kick all that week. Callista sat her down and explained everything that would happen with the pregnancy. Gílana pretended to listen, but none of what the old woman said really remained inside her head. She was more concerned with finding out everything she could about the Crilshans out there. Out there where she should be. Enjoying this wonderful experience. Looking forward to holding her little boy in her arms.
When Callista took Anna into their uncle’s old bedroom to talk and to meditate – always with those disgusting candles – Gílana would follow and wait just outside the door, listening intently. She would sit, ear pressed against the cold door and hands upon her womb, stroking the soft skin around her navel. She would sit silently for hours at a time, listening and absorbing all that she could. She felt better knowing all that she could. It calmed her, and it calmed the baby.
At the end of the week she sat listening at the door again. The two inside were talking about the Crilshan governors’ latest plans for the Titanese people.
‘Anna,’ Callista said, ‘the Dishan family has always been more concerned with military and reputation than social issues. The Thynian family, on the other hand, were always more socially conscious.’
‘So the Dishan must have rivals on Crilshar.’
‘Rivals, yes. Equals, never.’
‘So the Crilshan governors here,’ Anna said. ‘The politicians calling for the removal of the Pure Gene are Thynian, not Dishan?’
‘Yes.’
‘But they’re worse.’
‘They are in that respect.’
‘That’s the only respect we need to care about. If Gílana finds out this latest design.’
‘She can’t. You have to keep it to yourself, Anna.’
‘I know. No Pure Gene. Just death for mother and child. Things are getting worse.’
Gílana stifled her gasp. No Pure Gene. Just death for mother and child?
Callista cleared her throat. ‘Women that are biologically enabled to bear children are uniquely placed at risk as members of a group targeted as racially inferior. Titanese motherhood is now to be eradicated. It’s the next logical step.’
‘And now Gílana’s pregnancy is obvious. If the Crilshan inspection wants to examine her . . . if they even want to see her.’
‘According to them she’s inferior genetic stock.’
‘She’s my sister! I won’t let that happen.’
Gílana managed a small smile.
‘Anna, these programs of mass murder began when Crilshan physicians and politicians decided that human life was of differential value. When race became a metaphor for disease. It’s exactly what happened to me, to my people. The Iástrons fled beneath the moon Europa to escape it. It’s madness. Irrational down to the last atom. We cannot control it. Peter Marx knew that himself, which is why he did not fight it. He did what he could, and kept us safe. What we can control is whether we allow ourselves to believe it. We must not.’
‘Never,’ Anna said. ‘Thank you, Callista.’
‘But that’s not it. Keep reading. There’s more in that statement.’
Silence as Anna read. Gílana breathed through her nostrils, as quiet as she could. She had to hear it.
Eventually Anna sighed. ‘What do you think?’
Callista breathed in slowly, then out again. ‘It will happen any day now.’
‘So we’re just going to wait?’
‘These politicians are on the verge of deciding that non-Crilshans of a certain age will be “put out of their impure misery.” What choice do we have?’
‘Non-Crilshans of a certain age. That may not mean you—’
‘I’m the oldest woman on Titan. Whatever age it is, it will be me!’
‘I can’t believe it.’
‘This is what they do.’
‘Forced euthanasia?’
‘Murder!’
Anna began to cry.
‘We mustn’t let Gílana know, child. She can’t know. She mustn’t know.’
A tear fell down Gílana’s cheek. Any day now. The question was not whether they would be found out, but when. And who was going to go first.


FORTY-FOUR




AS THE CLEAR cell door of the prison pod opened and three brutish Crilshans entered, Avéne Ketrass knew what was coming. The last to enter closed the door behind him. Of the two that entered first, one took Ketrass by the arm and pulled her to the back of the cell. He clasped one of her hands into the plastic fetters up above. The other took out a serrated blade and held it to Diego Ferranti’s neck.
Kramer went to move, but hesitated. The third dragged him aside, threw him to the ground, and placed the sole of his boot upon the professor’s head with a smug grin.
Ketrass closed her eyes as another beating took place. She pressed her forehead against the clear cell wall, stood on her tiptoes with a hand stretched up to her restraint.
Ferranti’s grunts and cries echoed about the cube. Then suddenly he went silent. Ketrass forced herself to turn and watch. The third Crilshan kept Kramer down, while the other two held Ferranti between them. One forced the Titanese captain’s mouth shut from behind, suffocating him. The other held a razor blade over his arm, piercing skin. His eyes watered.
Ketrass wept.
‘You won’t be needing this,’ one Crilshan said, and with a smile wrenched the arm brace from Ferranti’s once-broken arm. Ferranti cringed, teeth gritted. ‘Not painful enough, I see, khulul?’
‘Knife him!’
She trembled, unable to speak. Utterly exhausted. Day after day. Hour after hour. Beating after beating. There was no way out. Except perhaps one. But she could never do it.
‘You’re next, Kramer,’ the Crilshan grunted, releasing a hand from Ferranti’s mouth, allowing him to drop to his knees, before driving his knee into his face. Blood burst from his nose. ‘Your whore mothers bred a sorry race.’
‘And yours gave birth to her brother,’ Kramer said from the ground.
Ketrass gasped. Why did you say that, Xerin?
‘What did he say?!’
‘You heard me,’ he said. ‘You craven dirt!’
The two Crilshans left Ferranti unconscious upon the ground, moving over to their next victim. They wrenched Kramer from the floor and beat him senseless. One slammed his face into the clear wall, over and over. In seconds his face was plastered in blood.
‘Stop it!’ she cried. ‘You’re going to kill him! Stop it!’
One of them came for her. He forced her back, held her only free arm up against the wall, and ran his dripping tongue across her face. She trembled with dread as his hand wandered down her body, clutching her hips.
She gazed past him, and from the corner of her blurry eyes saw Ferranti stagger to his feet. He fell forwards, picked himself up, and hurled himself in Kramer’s direction. Reaching for the closest Crilshan’s holstered knife, he raised it high and drove it into his back. The brute screamed, raised up, desperately clawing for the blade. Ferranti drew it out and forced it through the Crilshan’s face.
The cell door swung open and several more guards entered. They hauled the bleeding, screaming Crilshan out. Others began beating Kramer and Ferranti as they too were dragged from the cell. Everyone was yelling. Ketrass’ heart hammered so hard she thought it would explode.
‘Bring them out!’
‘Which ones?’
‘The males.’
‘The female?’
‘Leave her there!’
Two dragged Ferranti by his hair. The others picked Kramer up.
Ketrass’ stomach churned. ‘Wait!’ she cried. ‘Where are you taking them?’
‘Solitary!’
‘What am I supposed to do?’
The door slammed shut. She received no answer, and remained stood, hand tied to the wall above her, surrounded by a blood-smeared, silent cube.


FORTY-FIVE




THAT NIGHT, GORDIAN watched Ketrass sleep. She tossed and turned, alone in the prison pod now. For the first time in Gordian’s life, he felt pity. But only when he watched her. He had seen footage of the earlier incident, and sorely wished he had been here to deal with it. He adjusted his goggles in the bright light. Part of him yearned to go into the cell; to hold her and protect her; to tell her that everything would be all right.
But it wouldn’t. He knew it wouldn’t.
He watched her for as long he could, and then left discreetly. The last thing he wanted was to spark suspicion. He left the great cell room, proceeding instead to the solitary chambers. Based in a separate wing of the martial building, the cells were deeper into the ground. Darker, colder, and lonelier.
He placed his personal key fob up against the cell’s glowing screen, and the cell door creaked open. It was completely dark inside. He took his goggles off, able to see the small room. A slender body lay in the corner, shackled to the smooth concrete floor. An upturned table with three legs missing had been pushed against the wall to his left.
‘Diego Ferranti?’ he said.
‘Who’s there?’
‘Gordian. I’m alone.’
‘Where . . . were you? I couldn’t let them kill him.’
‘I’m sorry, Diego.’
‘Kramer . . . how is he?’
‘In solitary, just like you.’
‘And Ketrass?’
‘Still in the cell. At least it’s dark in here.’
‘I prefer the light. I’m no Crilshan.’
Gordian activated a small light above and moved across to the fading captain. He sat him up and offered a cap of water from his own bottle.
‘You have to tell me, Gordian. You have to tell me . . . how Anna . . . how they are.’
‘They’re held in their home. Not allowed to leave. But they’re safe.’
‘Gílana?’
‘The baby is still secret. No Crilshan but me knows.’
‘And the rest of Titan? What’s . . . going on out there?’
‘You really don’t want to know.’
‘I do!’
‘Okay . . . Okay. Relax. Anna, her sister, and the Iástron are safe. I’m watching out for them as best I can. There is only so much I can do. Sudana has been watching me.’
‘And the Alignment?’
‘The Alignment has fallen. The Dishan control all Systems and almost all worlds. Dishan and Thynian governors control Titan, under Mistress Sudana’s watch.’
‘And her master.’
‘Yes. Lord Malizar.’ He lightly dabbed a cloth over the Titanese man’s arm wound. ‘You’re bleeding still.’
‘Titan is bleeding, Gordian. I don’t matter.’
‘You allow them to make you think that?’
‘It’s true. Careful use of the word they.’
‘I told you I wasn’t part of it.’
‘But you are. You betrayed me. You betrayed all of us.’
‘I was wrong.’
Ferranti breathed out in measured gasps as the Crilshan cleaned his wounds and examined his arm. ‘They tell me your arm has healed well.’
‘I’m surprised they . . . care so much . . . about my arm.’
‘They don’t. But they know that having an established and well-trained captain in their custody is handy should they ever need you to work for them. Whether you’re to be executed or not.’
‘Executed? Really?’
‘I’m sorry.’
‘Don’t be sorry. I’m honoured they consider me a . . . a threat worth executing.’
‘Worth has nothing to do with it. You are worthy whether they find a use for you or not. When the cities were first taken, they executed all Titanese leaders, especially military. But now they’re training them, making them serve Crilshar. They’re building an army.’
‘For what?
‘Mistress Sudana and her master have conquered Titan, and are now preparing it to join all others as arsenals for a far greater cause.’
‘What greater cause?’
‘Nobody knows. But it is obvious to me.’ He leaned in. ‘To combat the greater threat.’
Reality dawned. Ferranti opened his eyes wide. ‘Erebus.’
‘M-hmm.’
‘The Zinn.’
‘He must now know what we know, because of Sudana.’
‘They think we’re under some sort of threat? Do you think we are?’
Gordian leaned back, shook his head. ‘I think, whatever happens, we do a pretty fair task of threatening each other much more than any outside menace.’
Ferranti closed his eyes, weakened. ‘That’s the second truest thing I’ve ever heard you say.’
The Crilshan smiled.


FORTY-SIX




‘HELLO AGAIN, HIGH Lord.’
Yux Dishan stepped foot off his craft and entered into the presence of the old gatekeeper of Hellfire. ‘Hello again, Retani.’
Silence and darkness around them. No movement. Only the sickening smell from below. ‘Months you’ve been gone, High Lord,’ the gatekeeper said. ‘Did you not receive my communication?’
‘I have had no access to comms.’
‘Then why return now?’
‘Because I have to.’
‘Because you have to find this Ruben Berenguer?’
‘Have you found him?’
‘Maybe. Who knows?’
‘What do you mean?’
The old man hobbled back into his fortified metal garrison: a small house, no larger than a shuttlecraft.
‘Old man, have you found him?’
‘No, High Lord.’ He threw his stick down. ‘You have.’
‘What?’
‘You mean to say you did not recognise me?’
The instant the the words were said, the connection made, Yux froze in shock. Then the old gatekeeper launched himself at Yux, and they both collapsed to the ground. His hands reached around Yux’s throat.
‘You’re . . . Ruben . . . Berenguer?’
Blood flushed to his face.
‘I am! I am!’
‘Don’t . . . wait . . .’
Yux threw his head forward, connecting with Berenguer and knocking him back. He drew out a blaster and aimed it at the fallen man.
‘Why didn’t you say four months ago?! We could have sorted this. We could have saved lives!’
‘You’re High Lord Yux Dishan! How can I trust you?!’
‘I am not my uncle!’
‘But you’re Crilshan! You’re Dishan, through and through!’
‘So certain, aren’t you, General?’
‘Don’t call me that!’
Berenguer lay on his back, hands at his sides, succumbed. He looked as though he had aged twenty years in the space of five months. That, Yux imagined, was the curse of Hellfire, of a prison which killed a man slowly, starting with his hopes and his mind.
‘I’ve accepted the truth,’ Berenguer said. ‘I was shot. I died below Crilshar.’
‘No, you didn’t. Mokrikov healed you just before the end. His echo saved you, as Malizar focused on saving himself.’
‘Where is Mokrikov now?’
‘He has gone with Malizar to Earth. Pity will not save him. Nothing can save him now.’
‘I can’t remember what happened. Vasily . . . Aleksey. What happened to him?’
‘Dead. Lord Malizar killed him.’
‘I failed. He is impossible to kill.’
‘He is the Dark Lord. Perhaps it is not for us to do so.’
Berenguer’s eyes darted around him, searching, remembering. ‘Maxim . . . Maxim Pinzón . . . where is she?’
‘Maxim is down here with us. Somewhere. Malizar didn’t know what to do with her echo of immortality. He sent her down here to be trapped, forever. I swore to have your body burned. But I couldn’t. You were alive. Unconscious. So I put you in Maxim’s casket with her. You came down here with her.’
‘I don’t remember seeing her. She’s down there, somewhere?’
‘I doubt her mind is her own anymore,’ Yux said. ‘If the things you say about this place are true.’
Berenguer lay still where he was. ‘I learnt the hard way. I remember waking in a hard bed. Men woke me. Retanis. They recognised me, knew who I was, allowed me to stay here. Then they left me. I haven’t seen them since. I explored some, but never far from here. It appears to be a safe zone. The Retanis never returned. I didn’t see a soul for days on end. Then you came, searching for me. But I couldn’t trust you. I still can’t!’
‘You have to. Just as I have to trust you.’
‘I waited. I thought, so much. I sent a message on the wavelength you left. Why didn’t you come back? Did you give up your search so easily?’
‘I tried to come back here, Ruben. But I was summoned home. I was . . . assassinated.’
‘Ha! So I’m talking to a ghost now? This place has changed me, there’s no doubt of that. But talking to the dead—’
‘As far as my uncle is concerned, I am a ghost, yes. He believes me dead. I was on my way back here, weeks ago, when my uncle summoned me back to Crilshar. My vessel was shot down upon arrival. Wivartha wanted me out of the way. I was a nuisance, a threat. My vessel ruined upon contact with Crilshar’s surface. A handful of us survived, in hiding. They have remained with me, loyal to the end. There is more dissent among the Crilshan ranks than most believe. We can turn the tide of this war. We have only to remove my uncle, and save the Alignment survivors.’
Berenguer sat up, bent over, still just like the old man, in body at least. He was not the general he once was.
‘You are proposing an alliance, High Lord?’
‘That is why I came. You are the only man I know with the strength to fight them. You’re the only good man I know.’
‘But I . . . I killed your sister.’
‘My uncle killed my sister. Malizar killed my sister. You pulled the trigger, but I can’t blame you anymore. Wivartha is moving through Accentaurib. He has found the Enusti exodus hiding there once already. We have to move now. He is so close to finding them again.’
‘But Maxim—’
‘We will return for her. But we have no time. We must head to Samos.’
‘You are sure there’s a fleet hidden there?’
‘Yes. I sent it there.’
Berenguer sat back down in the mud. ‘I gave up my lifelong mission. I am no longer a general.’
‘But you are a man,’ Yux said. ‘A strong and a brave man. Help me to defeat my uncle and I promise you, we will save Titan. And your family.’


FORTY-SEVEN




THE BLUE AND green world hovered in the middle of the vault. Anna stood and watched, arms folded, in the far corner.
‘Earth. Will I ever go there?’
The Accentaurian did not answer.
‘Have you ever been there?’
Still no answer.
‘Are you waiting for me there?’
Nothing.
‘Uncle Ruben? Is it you?’
Silence.
She closed her eyes and had the original message play again. She walked back and forth until it finished, the light, pleasant voice of the Accentaurian stopped.
‘You say a darkness is coming. Where does the darkness come from?’
‘You know where from . . .’
Always the same answer.
‘But I don’t!’ She held her head in her hands. ‘I don’t!’
‘The darkness,’ he said. ‘The silence. But after night comes the dawn. Change comes eventually. I promise you that.’
‘Darkness. It isn’t coming. Darkness is here. Now there is nothing but silence. Everywhere is so much quieter now.’
The Accentaurian continued, ‘A great silence is coming . . . and an eternal darkness. It won’t be long now. No amount of training will help you fight what has found you. But there is a way. Four ways, in fact. And it is you who must find them.’
Anna knew what the four ways were. She knew what the Accentaurian wanted. But what he asked was impossible.
‘Tell me again, what are the four ways?’
‘Four items, Anna Berenguer. Four ways to save this race.’
‘The first?’
‘The private journal of Edgar Mokrikov of Rotavar.’
You could ask Callista, she thought. You’ve put it off for long enough.
‘The second item,’ he continued, ‘is the vital research which took place beneath the asteroid Erebus. I know of it, yes. I know more than anyone does. Bring me the research.’
‘How?’
No response was made for that question.
‘The third item?’ she said.
‘The third, Anna Berenguer, is this message. The diary, the research, and this message. Store my communication on a disk and keep it safe.’
Anna’s heart thumped faster now. She knew what was next.
‘The fourth, and by far the most important way, is the one you expect most . . . and least.’
‘What is the fourth way?’
‘You must bring me the Gilaxiad.’
‘How? How do I do that?’
‘The messengers will come.’
‘Anna!’
She paused.
‘Anna?’
‘Callista, is that you?’
‘Anna, what’re you doing in here?’ Callista emerged from around the corner and hobbled down the corridor into the vault. ‘Who are you talking to? How did you get in here?’
Anna rushed to switch the recorded message off. ‘Nobody. Nothing!’
Callista gazed around the room, seemingly in shock. She smiled and shook her head. ‘Who were you talking to? Tell me now.’
‘I was talking to my uncle,’ she said. ‘It helps me to carry on, imagining he’s still out there . . . somewhere . . . fighting for me. For us.’
‘Anna,’ the old woman said, tilting her head back sadly.
‘I know. But it helps.’ She walked forward and held Callista close.
‘How long have you known about this place, Anna?’
‘Since we arrived back. Did you know it was here?’
‘No, child. Are any of the communication links active?’
‘Yes, but they’re only internal. You can see images all over the city. You can hear some things, sometimes. But that’s all you can do. Watch and listen.’ She rested her head in her hands.
‘What is it?’ Callista asked.
Anna thought for a moment, then sat down at the table. ‘The silver diary,’ she said. ‘The diary from Rotavar.’
‘Edgar Mokrikov’s diary, yes.’
‘Where is it?’
Callista shuffled across the room to sit beside the young girl. She cleared her throat. ‘I don’t have it.’
‘You don’t? What happened to it?’
‘I don’t know. After we arrived back here I woke up in a cell. They had taken everything but my clothes from me. If I hadn’t read it before that then we would never have known of Marrak Malizar’s continued existence. And just knowing that he is the one in control keeps me focused. His foundation is upon Earth, and it is there the greatest challenge will be faced.’
‘But Callista, don’t you worry about Antal? He’s gone to Earth. He’s gone to the very place Malizar is strongest. How can he help?’
Callista placed a cold hand on her arm. ‘Something tells me, Anna, that even when absent Peter Marx labours on. He sent Justus there. Malizar is strong. But I don’t for a second doubt that Justus will do everything in his power to stop him.’


FORTY-EIGHT




THERE WAS A plan.
Anna had to act. She had given up waiting for somebody else to do something. She was in control of her own fate now. She knew she had to forget about the diary. The second item the Accentaurian told her to gather was the research amassed on Erebus. Anna really didn’t want to see that vile professor, so perhaps the woman, Ketrass, could help.
When everybody was asleep that night, she headed through the vault and descended into Titan’s streets. She waited at her parents’ graves, hidden in the nearby shrubbery, for three hours. When Gordian did not show, she headed home.
Anna returned the next night, and the night after that. Still Gordian did not appear. After one week she gave up waiting for him to come to her, and planned her move for the following night. On her journeys back to the apartment she encountered several more tunnels leading into different areas of the Twelve Cities. Upon returning to the vault, she searched for plans to reveal where each led to. Only one mattered now.
The following evening Anna knelt on one knee in a shadowed tunnel opening. She wore a dark combat suit covered in armoured lagging, with legs and arms encased in ballistic plates. They too were patterned black, with golden-laid edgings she had, for the most part, removed. Hidden in the shadows of the tunnel verge, she was almost invisible.
Gordian was late. She had found the plans to the southern section of Central City, and so headed for the place he was meant to be dwelling. For almost an hour she had waited. When at last he emerged from a side street, his muscular shape unmistakable in the silver glow, Anna crept from her hiding place and rushed towards him. No one else was about, so she followed him to the vehicle he was headed for.
When he opened the vehicle door, Anna jumped in front of him. She had expected a response. A sudden strike, at the very least. But he simply shut the door on her and climbed in the other side.
‘I won’t ask how you made it here without being caught, Anna.’ His door slammed shut.
‘You’re not even a little curious?’ She grinned, strangely comfortable with the Crilshan: a man she had once called a monster, now the only one she could truly talk to openly.
‘Strap yourself in, girl. I’m taking you back.’
‘No, you’re not.’
He turned to her. His eyes were dark and brutal. But she was not afraid of him anymore.
‘I need your help, Gordian.’
‘You have no idea of the danger—’
‘And you have no idea how important this is. I have to do something.’
‘About what?’
‘About what? The occupation of my home, perhaps?’
‘What on Titan can any of us do?’
‘I need to know something. I need to see Avéne Ketrass.’
He raised his eyebrows at the name, and seemed to relax all of a sudden.
‘Is she all right, Gordian?’
‘You mean is she still alive?’
‘Yes.’
He nodded. ‘But to see her would be impossible. I’m sorry, Anna, but you will never have the chance to speak with her privately. And if it isn’t private, then it isn’t possible.’
She hung her head, crushed.
‘But,’ he said, and waited a moment for her to look him in the eye, ‘I can take you to the professor.’
‘To Kramer? How?’
‘He’s in solitary detention. Due for execution like so many others.’
‘That’s wonderful!’ She paused, rubbed her hands together. ‘I mean . . . you know what I mean.’
Gordian activated the vehicle and set off through the city. They passed tensely through three checkpoints before he spoke again.
‘You realise, Anna, that this is the second and last time we can meet. It’s too dangerous now. I will take you where you want, if it is as important as you say. But then no more.’
‘I understand. Take me.’
‘You must be quick,’ he said as they approached the Martial City’s prison complex, centred in the most northern of the domes and surrounded by what used to be the Titanese barracks. Anna had been here twice before with her uncle. Now the outer structures appeared ominous in the shallow light, used by a greater part of the Crilshan force while the old prisons now held the Titanese Guard.
‘Hurry,’ he said, handing her a pair of heavy goggles and a black uniform. ‘Put them on quickly and follow me. Don’t linger, and say nothing.’
He led her from the vehicle, through the military buildings, and down towards the prison. It was a circular building, surrounded by concentric rings of barracks, almost maze-like in their design. Then again, escape wasn’t really on the cards, she imagined. Her heart lurched when she thought of Ferranti, who had spent all these months here. Was he even alive?  She would have asked Gordian, but she bore in mind just why she was here and exactly what they were both risking. She kept to his rule and said nothing.
They were not stopped and it took several minutes to arrive inside the building. Both strode fast and Anna realised that Gordian was taking her through the longest way, in a bid to avoid as much security as they could. After some time they reached a series of locked doors. The Crilshan gained access with his key fob, and hurried Anna through. They passed several Crilshans along the way. She used Gordian as a shield, but attempted to appear strong and stern as she walked. She knew she actually appeared neither. When she caught one of the Crilshans looking at her, her heart thumped in her throat. Her eyes watered. But she remained focused, reminding herself that they could not see her eyes through the goggles.
Her uncle would be proud of her – or shocked to death – seeing her now. She would have given anything to have him with her. Anything.
At last they walked along a dark corridor which reeked of rancid decay.
‘In here,’ he said and he opened a door to his right. ‘Five minutes. I’ll be out here. I mean it now, five minutes and no more. We cannot come back.’
Anna nodded and walked in. Gordian shut the door behind her and locked it. She removed the goggles and took a single step forward. It was pitch black. Cold. The sound of steady breathing somewhere just ahead.
‘Where are you, Kramer?’ she said. ‘Where are you hiding?’
‘Hiding? Hiding?’ A rusty voice spoke, followed by a fit of coughing. ‘A Crilshan would have little need to search me out.’ The sound of him finding his feet. ‘Anna Berenguer . . . little girl . . . to what do I owe the delight?’
‘You can see me,’ she said. ‘I can’t see you.’
Another fit of coughing, and a light appeared above, dim and constantly flickering. Gordian must have triggered it. At once Anna could make out a table in the centre of the small cell. On the other side of the table, sat upon a chair and staring straight at her, was Xerin Kramer. Even in the low light she could see how thin he had become, having grown a lengthy beard and an even fowler smell than she remembered. And, as she remembered, one eye was green, the other as black as Crilshan day, bearing a glowing red dot in the centre.
‘Come,’ he said, standing, though not without difficulty. ‘Sit down.’
‘I’ll stand. You look like you need the rest more.’
Even in this place Kramer managed a laugh. ‘Nonsense! Even a monster like me can summon enough manners. Besides, you’re the first welcome guest I’ve had down here.’ He moved slowly around the table and Anna moved in the opposite direction, keeping the table between them. She sat.
‘Why have you come?’
She looked him up and down, and placed the dark goggles onto the table before her. ‘You knew my father.’
‘Plenty did. I’m not the only one. Why me?’ When she said nothing he continued, ‘Oh, I see.’ He rested his only hand on the table to lean in. ‘You think I’m responsible for his death.’
‘You don’t think you are?’
‘Perhaps. I did what I thought was necessary at the time. Would I have used him if I’d known he had a daughter, little less that she’d eventually turn up there?’ His lip curled. ‘Possibly.’
Anna felt herself filling with anger. ‘What you did caused more than simply my father’s death.’
‘You speak of the death of Peter Marx, and yet you didn’t know him.’
‘And thanks to you I never will.’
This was going nowhere. She had to show him how serious this was. Her arm lay on the table. She pulled the sleeve up.
‘See this bracelet?’
‘Quite stunning.’
‘Only, it’s not a bracelet. You see, I found this inside Erebus. I put it on. It’s what activated the moon, connected it to the planet below. Connected it to me. You may not believe me. But it’s true.’
Kramer’s head shot up. His hand left the table edge and alarmed eyes met with hers, wide with interest. He swallowed, again with difficulty, as he looked around the empty room and took a deep breath. ‘What is it you want? You wish to know about your father?’
‘I already know everything I need to,’ she said. ‘He was brave and good, and he loved me. But right now I need to know what happened to the research from Erebus. Where is it?’
Kramer frowned. ‘Upon Erebus. We salvaged nothing. Events favoured us in no way. No research made it off the lightning planet after we crashed down there.’
‘You’re lying.’
‘Look where I am,’ he said, soullessly. ‘Why would I lie?’
‘Because you’re not a coward. Because you’re intelligent. And because I think you believe you’re going to get out of here.’
‘You’re right,’ he said. ‘It is an impossible situation.’ He walked around the table and sat upon it, watching her intensely. ‘Before I was born, my mother – a Crilshan, pure and untainted – was captured, having conceived me, an impure aberration. She was placed in a cell, just like this one, and treated like an animal. Raped and tortured and beaten, day and night. They act like animals.’ Anna said nothing. ‘Hers was an impossible situation. She escaped in the end.’
A sharp rap on the door told her time was up. She stood and walked to the door, before turning. ‘You don’t have the research?’
Kramer shook his head.
Another knock on the door.
She sighed. ‘A darkness is coming. A darkness and silence.’
‘Coming from where?’
Anna swallowed. ‘You know where.’
Kramer fell into his seat. Anna rapped on the door. It opened and Gordian pulled her out. He slammed the door closed again and took her firmly, dragging her down the corridor.
‘Someone’s coming!’ he hissed. ‘Quickly, this way. Put on your covering.’
It hit her. ‘Oh, no.’ She had left the goggles in the cell!
‘You don’t have them?’ She shook her head. ‘Hide then!’ He pointed away from the approaching voices. ‘Go that way! Higher security cells. Most are empty. No one but me and a few others can get down there. You shouldn’t run into anyone. Take my pass fob. I’ll make sure they don’t follow, then come and find you. Go!’
Anna grasped his fob and took off running down the dark passageway, down several steps and a dozen corners, sprinting from the voices behind. Right. Left. Right again. Until her feet throbbed and lungs ached.
Once she was happy she was out of immediate danger, she leant against the cold wall and waited for Gordian to find her. As her heart found its natural pace again, the reality slowly hit her. She had failed. The very reason for coming here had been to discover where the research from Erebus was. But the task the Accentaurian had asked of her was nothing short of impossible. No diary. No research. No Gilaxiad. Hopeless.
After several minutes of wallowing in her own disappointment, Anna tread slowly back the way she had come. All was now silent. Perhaps she had hidden a little too well. She turned left. Or maybe it should have been right. She swore under her breath and stopped, not sure where she was at all.
Then a deep shuddering shook through her. She felt her arm vibrate and she looked down. The dark metal band wrapped around her wrist shook and she scraped at it, attempting to remove it. What was happening? She was nowhere near ultimatter, was she?
She froze. Voices, echoing down the corridor again. They were coming. Coming for her.
The band vibrated intensely. She began to panic. Heavy footsteps sounded along the next passage. Before she could think, she was clawing at the nearest cell door. Unlike the others, it had no markings. She pressed Gordian’s key fob up against it anyway. It opened. She jumped within and closed it carefully behind her. And there she waited, breathing heavy and deep.
The band on her wrist shook and pulsed so hard it was like electricity passing through her. She spun in the disorientating dark and did not move. A low clicking sound alerted her to another presence. Something or someone in there with her. Little by little, she focused her breathing and urged herself to do something. The clicking continued. She reached into her boot and fumbled about for her swiss-knife. Raising it up, she switched the tiny light on.
Her heart stopped. Her breath fell in small gasps.
Several small creatures – childlike, pale, and naked – cowered in the corner. The band pulsed upon her wrist and one of the creatures raised a hand. It made a clicking noise, and Anna understood.
‘Masterium,’ it said. ‘No harm. No harm.’
‘Who . . . Who . . . What are you?’
The band shook fiercely. The creature knew. ‘We Sonii, Masterium.’
‘And what . . . what is it you want?’
The creature looked to the others, slowly craning its neck back and forth, before gazing back pitiably. ‘We Sonii,’ it said. ‘We come for Gilaxiad.’


III

THE GREATER THREAT


FORTY-NINE




A STORM GATHERED over the flat plain of neglected earth which made up Vortan Manor. Bodies shifted silently between unmarked gravestones, the acidic tang of not-yet-fallen rain suspended in the air. Several lights inside the occupied wings of the manor house could be seen. The figures remained silent, smiling, faces masked in shimmering silver.
All those within the house were unaware of the danger as two-dozen figures barricaded the entrances and lit fires about the foundations. Smoke rose up and flames licked the window ledges. Then suddenly, from back across the field, a series of enormous booms! were heard, and a dozen projectiles soared across the lightning-filled sky. They landed at the base of the house. Chaos ensued. All those within were trapped. Dead. The power was cut. The light went out.
Darkness. Then silence.


Antal Justus stood overlooking a great black valley. The image of the burning house of his dream remained in his mind. He attempted to brush it off, and looked out from the high mountain ridge upon which he stood. The dark silhouette of terra firma lay between him and the horizon, which glowed faint orange, melting into the light blue of early morning. Hardly a cloud could be seen. Stood here, with nothing but the cold air and a rolling wind, it was as though no danger had, or ever could be existent.
The wind blew his hair, now longer and more unruly, into his eyes. His breath froze in front of his face. The rest of him was wrapped warm in dense layers.
The dream he had experienced the night before was fresh in his mind, and he replayed it like a broken visi-comm. The attack at Vortan Manor could well have been nothing more than a dream. But if not . . .
Footsteps crunched the snow behind him.
‘Good morning,’ Cathal said.
Justus watched the great contour before him grow brighter and more orange. ‘I’ve never seen anything like it. Even out there, confined to a cramped craft and surrounded by a vacuum that will do anything to kill you. This is so much lonelier. So much more . . . beautiful.’
‘Can I ask you to do something for me, Antal?’
‘Anything, father. Anything.’
‘Imagine something for me. Picture a clear night sky, like the one that is passing, the light of the full, far away moon shining down through empty branches of a lone tree. You stand beneath that tree and look up. But as you focus, time stands still, and the nights and days merge together. The birds around no longer sing, and the moon waxes and wanes in one, single constant motion.’
As though shaped by an atom bomb, the sky ahead lit up, bright white and orange. Day had come.
‘I feel at peace,’ Justus said. ‘Like no dark or evil can influence me.’
‘And there you find your strength, son. There you find your motivation. It comes from within. From an internal peace. All that we have done these past months, all that we have seen, has been to give you something I lacked for so long. You have perspective. And from that comes wisdom. Your physical self is stronger now. Your echo revealed. But there is something else you have within you. And it must wait.’
‘For what?’
‘For the right moment, son.’
Justus breathed in and turned away. A cold gust of wind sent his head spinning.
His father placed a hand upon his shoulder, squeezed it slightly. ‘You feel it too?’ A tone of worry gripped his guttural voice.
‘I feel it,’ he said. ‘What is it?’
‘Something dark. Something powerful.’
‘Is it him?’
Cathal looked away.
‘We have to go back,’ Justus said.
The old man stepped toward the edge of the rock and leaned over. ‘The time will come when you are faced with a choice,’ he said. ‘I hope now you have the knowledge and the strength to make the right one.’
‘But you will be there alongside me. You know what we can achieve together.’
‘Far be it for me to tell you what you have inside. What you may accomplish. But I will not lie about this. My end is near. I am stood on the edge. I feel weak. Make no mistake. Whatever the fate of this world, Antal, its end will be as a consequence of your decision to act . . . or not to act.’


FIFTY




A SINGLE LIGHT leaked from the stone crevices of Vortan Manor. A candle flickered upon Aíron Veryan’s desk. Sat with her chin in her hands, elbows on the edge of the writing table, she gazed at the tiny light. It offered a radiance which filled the entire bedroom, even with the cold wind from the open window disturbing its delicate flame. Thunder rolled in the distance. A storm was on its way.
Aíron had lit a candle every night for Raj. One-hundred and sixty-four so far. One-hundred and sixty-four days since Justus and Dimal had left. No word had been received from either of them. She knew they wouldn’t be coming back. She had told herself that for weeks. Noah and Shree said nothing, though the medic came and spoke to her at times. Lanfranc Vortan was the one that she saw the most. His training in the art of fencing was the only thing keeping her focused.
Paper and pen lay discarded in front of her. She had no idea what to write. She couldn’t write about her parents, away in their next lives. What they were doing now, she did not know. But whatever it was, she wanted to picture them happy, safe, together.
A sound like movement from outside. She stood and walked to the window. Her bedroom looked out onto the cold graveyard, nothing like her home on Manera. She gazed out, saw the forked flash of lightning in the distant mountains, with small droplets of rain touching her hands as they rested on the windowsill.
Three knocks rapped at her door and Lanfranc Vortan entered. She smiled. ‘Hello—’
‘Quiet, Aíron,’ he said. ‘Come with me. Quickly!’
She followed him from the room and down the corridor, into his own master bedroom. All lights were switched off. Noah and Shree were stood within. Noah’s face looked horrified. Shree held a large hunting rifle in her hands, her eyebrows puckered inward.
‘What’s wrong?’
‘Close the door,’ Vortan said.
She did, leaving them in the low candlelight coming from the room’s corner. Vortan moved over to his large four-poster and took out a pistol, which he placed into a holster on his belt. Already attached was a lengthy sabre. He raised another blade and handed it to her.
‘Now’s your time to show me what you’ve learned, Aíron.’
She took the blade and wrapped it around her waist. ‘What’s going on?’
‘There’s no easy way to say this, Aíron. We’re all in danger.’
‘What? Are we?’
‘It’s the Allied Moon,’ Noah said. ‘They’ve found us.’
Vortan peered out the window. ‘Hell only knows how. They’re out there. Just outside the house. They’ve been there several minutes. My motion alarms picked them up.’
‘They’re coming for us.’ Aíron shivered.
‘We need to find a way out,’ Noah said. ‘And quick.’
Shree nodded bravely, rested her rifle on her shoulders.
Before any could move, however, the floor beneath them shook. From the bedroom window, heat and flame erupted. The glass shattered, flying about the room.
‘Out into the corridor,’ Vortan said. ‘Go!’
The four moved out. Vortan first, followed by Noah. Aíron stuck close, with Shree behind her. They darted through the dark hallway, the ground shaking beneath the house. They reached the top of the main stairs.
‘Go back!’ Vortan said. ‘Get back!’
Noah, Aíron, and Shree ran back along the corridor.
‘They’re in the house,’ Noah said.
Vortan caught them up. But he was not alone. Blaster fire echoed the length of the hallway, striking the furniture and portraits lining the passage.
‘This way!’ Noah cried.
Shree pushed her along.
Figures stood at the end of the hallway. They all froze. Aíron took out her sabre. More blaster fire filled the air. She dropped the blade and backed up. Shree charged down the corridor, firing fearlessly. Vortan pulled Aíron back as another rumble shook the floor. The large chandelier from above collapsed down, hurtling through the floorboards.
Aíron fell forwards. Her leg dropped through. She leaned back. Vortan’s hand missed her. She dropped through the wood, brought her arms up, and landed on her back. Softly.
What?
‘Hello, Aíron Veryan.’
She looked up into familiar, strong blue eyes. ‘Antal?’
‘Let’s get you out of here.’ He held her in his arms, covering her from the blast which shook the air about them. The wall collapsed behind. Metal seethed through. Scarlet metal. A ship. The rear access ramp lowered, and Justus placed her down.
‘The others!’ she said. ‘The others are up there!’
‘Go on up. I’ll get them.’
Justus turned as the room’s door swung open and several silver-masked men swarmed through. In a dizzying flurry of movement Aíron couldn’t keep pace with, the immobile bodies of the men littered the carpet in a matter of seconds. Justus charged from the room, and in no time at all the four were rushing up into the craft. They pulled out of the fiery wreckage of the house, and the Flux lifted off, taking to the skies, leaving the burning manor behind.


FIFTY-ONE




JUSTUS SAT IN quiet thought on the journey to Avaris City. The Scarlet Flux shot silently through the cold, high air. Cathal and Vortan sat up front, steering the craft on an extended route in an effort to lose any pursuing members of the Order. It didn’t look like they were being followed, but it definitely was not worth the risk. It didn’t take long to reach Avaris. From afar it seemed so dazzling, so impressive. The closer they came, however, the nearer the truth. The closer his final conflict.
Aíron’s head rested across his lap as he sat at the back of the cockpit. She slept soundly despite everything he had put her through. Across from them, Noah sat quietly, watching. Shree’s large head and shoulders lay across his lap. Noah’s face was red and he mouthed ‘I can’t feel my legs.’
Justus smiled in spite of himself.
Avaris seemed just as deteriorated from the sky. It was a city that had lost itself, drowned among the filth of human greed and aspiration. The Flux set down inside a tall, rundown building near the centre of the city. Here they would be safe, within a hidden apartment Vortan and Cathal once planned under a forged identity.
‘There are four bedrooms,’ Cathal explained as they entered. ‘Noah and Shree may share. Justus, Aíron, Lanfranc. You may have one each.’
‘What about you?’ Justus asked.
Cathal smiled and pointed to a large armchair. Justus didn’t respond. He couldn’t be bothered arguing about it right now.
The apartment itself was spacious and adorned with antique frames and bookshelves. The walls, floor, and ceiling were pure white and spotless. Noah, Aíron, and Shree paced about the apartment.
‘Why are all your things here?’ Noah asked, sliding books out of their position with a single finger, shaking his head, and pushing them back.
‘I used to come down here on my own in the winter when the manor seemed so cold,’ Vortan said. ‘Only, it was always cold. I found myself coming here more and more. You can hear the people out there, always moving and making noise. For a time it was the only way I could sleep.’
‘Isn’t the point of a safe house that you never come unless you’re in danger?’ Noah asked.
‘Don’t worry, this place is secure,’ Cathal said as he sank back into the red-leather armchair. ‘It’s not under any of our names.’
‘And I never came without deviation,’ Vortan added. ‘We’re safe here.’ He said it with a short glance at Aíron.
Justus knew they couldn’t be one-hundred per cent certain of what they were saying. They knew Malizar. They knew how far his arm could stretch.
Noah sighed cynically and picked up a picture frame from a dark bookcase. ‘Who is this?’ he asked.
Justus moved over and looked at the picture. A younger Lanfranc Vortan stood smiling with his arm around a beautiful woman. Beside them stood a young girl, no older than two or three years. She was almost a double of the beautiful woman, obviously her mother.
‘Who is she?’ Justus asked.
Vortan smiled sadly. ‘I’m not surprised you don’t remember her, Antal. She is . . . was my daughter. We lost contact many years ago, though I think about her every day. She held you the day you were born. She was so excited to see you. She would play with you all the time. That is, until, she went away with her mother, years ago now, after our marriage failed.’
Justus watched his father in the armchair. Cathal looked away, out into the city lights.
‘What’s her name?’ Aíron asked.
‘Avéne. Beautiful Avéne.’
At once Noah, Aíron, and Shree looked to Justus.
‘You’re joking.’
‘I’m not.’
‘Ha!’ Justus laughed, dumbfounded. ‘Avéne . . . Ketrass?’
‘How . . . she . . . you know her?’
‘I know her, yes.’
‘She’s the woman,’ Noah began. ‘She’s the one . . .’
‘What? She’s the one what? What do you know of my daughter?’
‘The last we knew of her,’ Justus said, ‘she was headed to Titan.’
‘Titan? Is this some kind of joke?’ He looked to Cathal, who gazed back, and shook his head.
‘I had no idea, Lanfranc.’
Justus placed his hand on Vortan’s shoulder. ‘I spent some time with her, Vortan. She was . . . part of the Erebus Project. I’m sorry.’
‘No!’
‘I’ll tell you one thing, she’s strong. And she has one heck of a mouth.’
He sobbed into his hand. ‘Avéne. My baby. My little Avéne.’
‘She used the name Ketrass.’
Vortan’s shoulder’s dropped, as did the volume in his voice. ‘Her mother’s name. How extraordinary that you would meet her again. Fortune’s Gift, I deem.’
With that, Vortan wandered, aimless and almost intoxicated, into his bedroom. Cathal remained in his armchair. The others gave Vortan some time alone. He didn’t appear for hours. They all understood.


FIFTY-TWO




‘THE LEAP IS almost finished.’
Ruben Berenguer looked up from his meal, placing the spoon on the table. Yux Dishan entered the empty refectory and sat upon a stool opposite. Ruben avoided eye contact and swallowed a mouthful of lukewarm stew before sitting back.
Eventually he said, ‘How do I know I can trust you?’
‘You don’t,’ Yux responded, indifferent.
‘Then why are we doing this?’
The Crilshan leaned forward. ‘Because if we don’t, then we both lose everything that we care about.’
‘You want to rescue the Alignment?’
‘I want to rescue my people.’
‘From themselves?’
‘From my uncle. From his regime. From a system, an authority, which has for years now told them what they are, what they should be, never giving them a chance to choose for themselves. My people, General, are just as much victims as the Alignment. Just as much as Titan.’
‘You believe that?’
‘I know it, General.’
‘Don’t call me General,’ he said. ‘I don’t deserve that title.’
‘It’s not your choice what you deserve, Ruben. Just as it isn’t my choice how I am known throughout these Systems.’
‘So that’s what this is all about? Your reputation.’
‘My reputation died the day I was born. I never had the choice. Until now.’
Ruben picked up his spoon and took another mouthful of the stew before it went cold. He mulled the High Lord over in his thoughts as he picked up the bowl and sipped the rest in small tastes. He knew the Crilshan had spent his life trapped in that misshapen body. He knew he was innocent, and recognised a good man when he saw one. Yux Dishan was a better man than he. And it killed him.
‘We have made our agreement,’ Ruben said. ‘I will stick to it and trust you.’
Yux smiled. ‘That is the what. Now comes the how.’
‘Sum it up for me, High Lord.’
‘Do not call me that. Neither of us have titles anymore. We are mere men, only.’
Ruben nodded. ‘Tell me your design.’
Yux looked behind him at the empty cantina before leaning in and speaking hushed. ‘I have kept track of the movements of the remnants of Enustine. After the attack five months back, they fled to nearby Ineri and buried themselves far within the mines. They were joined by the exodus of Samos, Proveria, and later other worlds. Very few survived my uncle’s purge.’
‘How long did they remain there?’
‘Weeks. I made it my business to know what my uncle knew, and what he didn’t. My sister’s moles and emissaries assisted me, for a while. But Wivartha pays better.’
‘He found them?’
‘Yes, but I managed to warn them. They had enough time to head to Samos, to what is left of the Queendom’s lands.’
‘It is a terraformed world,’ Ruben said. ‘Plenty of space to hide indefinitely.’
‘Not indefinitely. Wivartha has found them. This time he will kill every single one. And they have nowhere else to flee. That is why we must make our move now.’
‘Excuse my anger, Yux, but I will kill Wivartha.’
‘No. I have to do that. I will kill him, take control of my people, and then we can come to an agreement as how to relieve Titan from the Dishan governors.’
‘And then Malizar.’
‘And then Malizar,’ Yux repeated. ‘And what is left of his Order.’
‘I thought you said you were tasked to remove them. Has Wivartha not done that? I would have thought hunting Iástrons would be high up on his record.’
‘Oh, it was.’
‘Then he got them?’
Yux sighed. ‘Maybe not all of them.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘You remember what he said, back below Crilshar? You remember what Malizar told us when you asked about the Emperor of Enustine?’
‘Emperor Abacco. Yes.’
Yux stood and began to pace. ‘Malizar’s Enusti agent attempted to reach the highest position but was blocked. His words. The Allied Moon’s man was not the Emperor. They may still be out there.’
‘Do you think?’
‘Even if we defeated my uncle and reformed what we could of the Alignment in order to liberate Titan, we risk its entire undoing by ignoring the fact that Malizar is our real enemy. And his agents are the ones we must really be fighting. Maxim, Mokrikov, Sudana: they all revealed themselves. Wivartha is an agent, but he amounts to nothing more than a pawn when compared to the others.’
Ruben sat back. ‘You know, had things gone differently, it would have been my honour to have you as an ally.’
‘But they haven’t gone differently. We are here and now.’
‘And when we deal with your uncle you will make a noble High Lord.’
‘Of that,’ he said, ‘I am not so sure.’
‘Do you have any idea who the Iástron agent could be?’
‘My intelligence regarding the newly formed Phantom Committee and its members is vague, doubtful.’ Yux gazed away. ‘But I may have an idea.’


FIFTY-THREE




ADELAIDE ABACCO STOOD watch over her soldiers, arms behind her back, gazing down through the viewing window into one of the military billets above the backward engine. It was utterly silent where she stood. But the men below were not in practise. Nor did they walk or drill or stand to attention. A pulsing rhythm flowed through the floor beneath. War had come. Upon the green world Samos, in the region of Gothandir and mountains of Teskía, they were discovered.
She closed then opened her eyes. Her husband stood before her. He smiled. Her three sons stood beside him. We are waiting. All gone now. Gone but here. With a hand over her eyes, she wept.
A high-pitched beeping parped along the corridor, originating from a console protruding from the wall. She activated the console and spoke her name. The sound of her aide, Balvyn-Rath, came through.
‘My Empress.’
‘Are they here?’
‘Barrages have penetrated the atmosphere. Samosian vessels are preparing their escape.’
‘There is no escape,’ she said. ‘It will come to battle before the end. Battle we have forestalled. No more.’
‘I agree, ma’am. But there is something else. A comm link. We have been called to.’
‘Wivartha Dishan,’ she said. It could only be him. ‘Patch it through to me here.’ She looked at the corridor tag. ‘Division seventeen. Corridor nine.’
‘At once, my Empress.’
Adelaide activated the comm portal and a screen descended from the low ceiling. She stood back, checking her reflection in the clear plastic pane. Without makeup or powder, she looked her age.
The call came through. However, it was not Wivartha Dishan, but another Crilshan who stood before her. He spoke at once. ‘They have found you.’
‘They? Who are they? Who are you?’
‘I am an ally. They are coming for you. Wivartha Dishan has found you.’
Adelaide backed up.
‘I am here to help you, Empress.’
‘How do I know I can trust you?’
‘I warned you once before.’
‘But . . . look at you.’
‘I am Crilshan, yes. But not your enemy. Here stands beside me Ruben Berenguer of Titan.’
A man stepped into view. Bent and old, it was indeed Ruben Berenguer.
‘Adelaide,’ he said softly, almost pathetic. ‘I knew your husband. I trusted him, and he me. Do as this man says now.’
‘What do I do?’
‘Fight,’ said the Crilshan. ‘Fight until you can fight no more. Do not let Wivartha Dishan take Samos. I will do all I can to help you.’
‘Who are you?’
‘They are coming for you now, my lady.’
The ground shook.
‘No,’ she said. ‘They are not coming. They are here.’
‘Then run, Adelaide. Run now! We are coming. You are not alone!’
She ran. All of her energy focused on reaching the command centre. The elevator. She had to reach the elevator. Then down to the innermost deck, and from there to the centre. They had to fight. Had to!
She did not make it far before a figure blocked her way. Her commander stood tall and took her hand. ‘We must go!’ cried Balvyn-Rath.
‘Take me to the command centre. Better yet, the bridge.’
‘You must go to your shuttle. The Achakachula has been boarded!’
‘Boarded?’
‘The crew has been told to surrender.’
‘By whom? No, wait. Send out the call. We are to fight.’
‘My Empress—’
‘The Proximans will have us all killed. Our last stand will take place here. Now do as I say!’
Balvyn-Rath echoed her command, and then urged her on to the centre of the mighty vessel. Bellows and screams and the rattle of gun and blaster-fire ricocheted through the metal halls.
‘What is left of the Enusti command is below,’ Balvyn said, blaster in hand. ‘This is the fastest way – here, through the metal works.’ They rushed into the vast, open area of the industrial unit. They stopped at an open balcony, watched the cavernous opening within which abandoned machinery moved independently. Balvyn froze.
‘What are you doing, Commander?’
He held his breath, and collapsed to the ground.
Adelaide jumped away, thumping her spine on the gallery rail. Balvyn-Rath lay still, but behind him stood five armed Crilshan soldiers. At their head, dressed in black battle armour, stood Wivartha Dishan. She could not move as he drifted close, flanked by his personal sentry. No projection this time. He held a barbed knife in his hand. With his other he took hold of her tightly, leaning her back and over the edge.
‘At last. Here we meet again,’ he said, and grasped her by the back of her neck, his cold knife stroking her face. ‘This time you will not get away.’
‘AND NEITHER WILL YOU!’
A figure emerged from the shadows, driving the bodyguards back. Adelaide fought for breath as the face of General Ruben Berenguer looked down upon them. Throwing himself forwards, he took Wivartha from his feet and over the edge of the gallery.
Adelaide breathed in, unable to fathom what had just occurred.
Before she could move, two more bodyguards were upon her, forcing her back into the wall. The other two gazed down over the rail into the metal works, before charging off to locate a way down.
Thud!
A shape charged into her captors.
Thud!
A cry.
A knife plunged into the neck of one Crilshan. The other twisted. The knife sliced through his leg, up into his neck, and down through his chest. Blood splattered over her. They fell to the floor, and the strange Crilshan from the image-link stood panting before her.
He took three deep breaths and said, ‘Stay here!’
‘No!’ she huffed, and pursued him down to the next platform.
‘I said stay up there,’ the Crilshan said.
‘Who are you to command me?’ she retorted.
He stopped and spun. ‘My name is Yux Dishan.’


Ruben Berenguer cried out with agony. Having landed on his back upon a moving platform far below, he rolled over to see Wivartha Dishan produce a blade and plunge it through his exposed arm. Ruben cringed, kicked out, knocking the Crilshan back to the edge of the stand.
It shook beneath them, hanging from thick cables, swinging in a higher portion of the vessel’s manufacturing works. Around them, sparks spat and struts swayed and battered. The drop below was so far he couldn’t see the bottom.
Ruben tore the blade from his arm, watched the blood leak down his chest, pushed himself to his knees.
A foot struck his ribs. The second drove the wind from him.
He gasped, saw the third boot, and held the knife in its path. Wivartha cried out as the blade ran through his shin, scraping bone. The Crilshan fell back, dropping from the platform with a cry. Ruben leaned over and swore as he watched Wivartha land upon another platform several metres beneath.
The old general looked to his blood-covered arm. Less serious than it looked. Experience and adrenaline assured him. He was willing to die, but only if he took Wivartha with him.
He clutched his ribs, took a deep breath, and jumped for the cable hanging nearby. He grasped the line, but lost his grip and dropped down upon the Crilshan, who cried out again, knife in hand. He landed on his back at the platform’s edge. Wivartha kneeled over him, with hands pushing down on the blade. Its edge struck Ruben’s hand – blood spattered over his face – but he held it up, both hands forcing the blade back with all the strength he had left.
‘Shall I tell you what has become of your home?’ Wivartha hissed into his ear, pleasure filling his spiteful jeer. ‘Your people are suffering, and it is all your fault.’
‘No . . .’
The blade came down.
‘You betrayed them. You gave them to me. They are mine. Just like your family.’
‘No!’
The blade slid through his fingers, touched his chest. Agony.
A beat and a thud. The blade was raised, utter disbelief covering Wivartha’s dark face.
Ruben looked down as blood trickled onto him from Wivartha’s chest. The tip of a spear now plunged through the Crilshan’s body was hoisted, Wivartha still attached. Yux Dishan raised the spear and threw it away. Wivartha turned on the spot in small steps, blood dripping from his chest, back, and mouth; and Yux regarded him, facing him dead in the eye. He reached out and pulled the dark-orbed necklace from his uncle’s neck.
‘This belongs to Ruben Berenguer.’
‘Traitor!’ Wivartha spat.
Yux nodded, and pushed his uncle down into the bottomless shaft.


FIFTY-FOUR




THE OLD EMPRESS watched and waited for Ruben Berenguer and Yux Dishan to return. A group of six Crilshan soldiers surrounded her, also waiting. She looked down at her thin, creased hands. At that moment, that instant of utter weakness, absolute helplessness, she truly felt her age. She was old. So old.
Before long, both Yux Dishan and General Berenguer appeared around the corner, escorted by a score of Crilshan soldiers. All three were taken down to the viewing block of the Achakachula. The Enusti pilots and crew members were sat bound together near the back of the room, surrounded by the Dark Race. Upon the far screen, the projected image from outside on Samos’ surface established that battle was raging on. Some vessels were burning. Blaster fire tore across the screen.
At the highest point in the room stood the leading Crilshan gubar. He descended toward the three captives. One side of his face was blackened, with hair growing on only one side of his head.
‘Descend to your knees,’ the gubar said.
Berenguer kneeled. Adelaide followed, slow and exhausted.
But Yux Dishan remained where he was. ‘Stand down, iyata ghoul. Drubano yak ir ana bishmat.’
The soldiers did not move.
‘And you are?’
‘You know who I am. My name is Yux Dishan.’
The soldiers faltered, looked to each other in uncertainty.
‘Where is the commander?’ the gubar asked.
‘My commander, my uncle, Wivartha Dishan, is dead. I am the higher authority. You will answer to me.’
The gubar stared at Berenguer, glanced once at Adelaide, and breathed out. ‘Ifra. Have you proof?’
Yux raised his bloodied sleeve and revealed a dark stain upon his wrist: a dark moon within a black triangle. ‘You know what this is, and what it tells you, yes?’
‘We are trained to respond in only one way to this symbol.’
‘Then respond.’
‘What is your order, my lord?’
Yux smiled. ‘Patch me through to every single commander. This attack will stop immediately.’
Adelaide’s heartbeat fell from her throat and down into her stomach. Was this really the monster, Yux Dishan, famed for his cruelty and brutality? She caught Berenguer’s eye as they remained on their knees.
Yux pulled the gubar to one side and for some minutes they argued quietly. Adelaide continued to watch Berenguer. He was weak. He looked old. He had submitted, relinquished his command. She saw it in his eyes. She recognised it, every time she looked in her mirror.
Yux paced the room, moving back towards them. But the gubar was not finished. He followed the High Lord and took his arm fiercely. ‘You are ending this assault?’
‘It is ended,’ Yux granted.
‘But our enemies—’
‘These are not our enemies! The real enemy is out there!’ Yux said, pointing up high.
‘Where?’
He held out his wrist. ‘Those who consider themselves my masters. The Allied Moon!’
‘Don’t speak its name!’
‘THE ORDER OF THE ALLIED MOON!’ Yux cried. ‘The Alignment is not the threat!’
The gubar stepped back. ‘What do you know of the true threat?’
‘Not enough . . . yet.’
From nearby, one of the Crilshan pilots flinched, and stood to attention. ‘Has it anything to do with the Beacon, sir?’
‘Beacon? What Beacon?’
‘The one headed right for us. Orbiting barrages have been put on code one. I informed Commander Dishan. Did he not inform you?’
‘No,’ Yux said, dismayed and confused. ‘Show me this Beacon.’
The pilot reluctantly did as he was told. A sound filled the viewing deck. Shrieks of horror impacted upon Adelaide’s mind. Her eyes stung and she clapped her hands over her ears.
‘Turn it off! Turn it off!’ she saw the leaders yell.
The pilot stopped the Beacon. Another pilot nearby raised his hand.
‘What is it?’ spoke the gubar.
Another held up his hand. Then another.
‘What is it? What’s wrong?’
‘We’ve . . . We’ve lost contact with the Azazel . . . and the Vepar.’
‘The secondary flagship’s sensors have just gone offline, captain,’ came the call from below. ‘We’ve lost the Nysrogh.’
‘And the Ipos, captain!’
‘What is going on?’ Berenguer said, rising to his feet.
Adelaide followed, and gazed up at the projection. The angle rose towards the sky. Where once it had been clear blue, now it was black as night.
Not night.
‘Hell!’
A bright light from the projection. An explosion tore a nearby shuttle carrier to flakes of fire and metal.
‘I gave the order to cease!’ Yux cried.
‘It wasn’t us,’ a pilot called.
‘Then who?’
An object fell from the sky. Several more followed. Upon the projection wall, meteors rained down like black, hot-sodden hail. The mountainous valley burst into flame.
‘What is going on?!’
Crilshans around them were falling to their knees. Enusti crew members rose from theirs.
A planet, as large as Samos itself, bore down upon them. It was black. Utterly black.
Ruben Berenguer fell to the ground. Adelaide shook where she was. And again Yux Dishan launched himself into action.
‘Fire everything the fleet has at that thing!’ he cried. ‘My gubar, get us out of here!’
‘At once!’
‘What is that thing?’ Berenguer uttered.
‘Free my crew!’ Adelaide said, ignoring the general. ‘Only they can pilot this vessel!’
Yux nodded. ‘Do it!’
Around them, vessels and crafts were exploding as meteors rained down, the survivors lifting to the skies and leaving behind any that fell. Several Crilshan barrage-vessels collided. Chaos ascended.
Adelaide rushed to her chair in the middle of the room, activated her comm link, and spoke clearly and calmly, ‘Go! Get away from the planet surface. Flee!’
The image on the far wall was lost and Adelaide Abacco’s panicked call was broadcast as they fled:
‘Get away from here!’ it said. ‘Leave the atmosphere and make the leap! Hell is here! Hell itself has come!’


FIFTY-FIVE




‘WE SONII. WE come for Gilaxiad.’
Anna shook her head.
‘We Sonii. We come for Gilaxiad.’
She repeated it, over and over. What did it mean? Those creatures – come for Gilaxiad?
Back in her apartment, she sat on her bed once again staring out at silver night. Her black uniform lay beside her. Her thoughts were chaotic. Those creatures, alone in the dark of the cell. What were they?
‘We Sonii. We come for Gilaxiad.’
It was only because of Gordian that she had managed to get out of the Martial City. He had found her and dragged her out before anyone saw her. He did not witness those creatures in that dank cell. The Sonii? She didn’t speak a word, even when he drove her out and left her at the entrance to the underground passage.
‘We Sonii. We come for Gilaxiad.’
Anna threw the black clothes behind the bed when Gílana entered the room. She sat beside her without a word. Anna placed her arm around her. ‘And how’re you two?’ she asked.
‘Baby boy’s excited,’ she replied.
‘And mummy?’
‘Less excited. Scared.’
‘Auntie Anna, too.’ The two sat in silence for a time as Anna stroked her sister’s long blonde hair. Eventually Gílana fell asleep. Her hair was soft like silk, but smelled funny, like her own. Moments like this had never existed before the occupation. One thing at least to be thankful for.
After an hour Gílana stirred. ‘I was dreaming,’ she said, sitting up and hugging her big sister. ‘You, me, and Jon were back on the Stellarstream, hiding at the bottom of the ship. We were scared, but excited. You were so happy. I’m sorry, Anna. I know you don’t like to talk about Jon—’
‘It’s not that, sis.’
‘I know, but I am sorry—’
‘Gilana, don’t—’
‘No, Anna! You always stop me when I want to say it. I’m sorry.’
‘I know you are.’
‘Keeping that secret was the hardest thing I ever did.’
‘I have a secret,’ Anna blurted out, unable to stop herself.
‘What secret?’
‘Have you ever heard of the Accentaurian?’
‘I’ve heard of Accentauria, the star-system. But I’ve never heard of the Accentaurian.’
‘What would you do,’ Anna said, ‘if you knew a secret. Something so important, but you didn’t know what to do with it? What would you do if you had to risk what you loved most in order to discover what the secret meant?’
Gílana sighed. ‘I don’t know.’
‘I keep thinking,’ Anna said. ‘What would Uncle Ruben do?’
‘You shouldn’t ask that, Anna.’
‘Then what would you ask?’
‘I’d ask what would my big sister do?’
Anna’s head dropped. She was right. Uncle Ruben was not here. He wouldn’t be coming back. She had to make her own choices, had to take her own risks.
‘It’ll be time soon,’ Gílana said. ‘They’ll find out about the baby. Then they’ll come for us.’
‘And we’ll be ready.’
‘You promise?’
‘I won’t let anything happen to you, Gílana.’
‘I know.’ She rested her head on her sister’s shoulder. ‘As impossible as it sounds, I know you won’t. What would I do without you, sis?’
Anna smiled. ‘Heaven knows.’


Everything was ready. That night, Anna checked and double checked her plans. The explosives were set near the openings of each outlet tunnel – all except the one she would use. There were six in total, ready to be utilized if things went awry.
She looked over the plans of the Martial City and the enormous prison complex. Having poured over the plans for hours already, she had realised that it was possible, if she could get the Sonii to the nearby exit designed for urgent evacuations, she could get them through the nearby underground tunnel and back up to the apartment from there. Then they could stay hidden in the vault until she figured out a way to escape. At least the Sonii would be safe here. Safer than in that cell.
She placed over her eyes a pair of heavy goggles she had fashioned based on the one she had lost, slipped into the Crilshan uniform Gordian gave to her, and prepared to head down through the secret tunnel leading out of the vault. She took three deep breaths, calmed her nerves, and slipped away into the tunnel, down and through into the underground channels.


In the office of the Lady of Titan, serene strings sounded. Sudana was sat still when General Vagrida’s voice appeared on the end of a communication:
—Mistress Sudana, he said. Sorry to disturb you at this hour. Something interesting has come about.
‘What is it?’ she asked, placing the veil back across her deadened face.
—An alarm, my lady. An alarm has been reported to me, originating from the underground tunnels.
‘I thought you had them all closed down.’
—So did I. A . . . Apologies . . . m . . . my—
‘An alarm, you say.’
—Somebody is down there.
‘One of yours?’
—Negative, my lady. I think you should see this.
An image link came into view. A young woman with long, dark hair trudged through the Twelve Cities’ sewer system.
—It’s her, Vagrida said. The Berenguer girl.
‘I can see that, General. Do you know where she’s going?’
—Not yet. We’ll stop her as soon as she surfaces.
‘No,’ she said. ‘Don’t stop her. Let her pass. I want to know where she’s going, and what she wants. Keep your distance. I will watch myself.’
—Yes, mistress.
Sudana watched for some time as Anna Berenguer emerged within the Martial City, well disguised as a young Crilshan, with goggles and uniform. Important point, she told herself; discover where she got them from.
As General Vagrida kept his men at bay, watching and waiting for her signal, she observed intently.
‘Allow her through the checkpoints.’
—Yes, mistress.
‘Don’t make it too easy though.’
—As you wish.


Anna held her breath as she passed through the last of the checkpoints. Without Gordian, she hadn’t imagined it would be possible to get this far. But they had believed her. It had worked.
As she entered the solitary area of the prison with her homemade key fob, again based on Gordian’s, she considered going to see Kramer, or Ferranti, or even Ketrass if she could. But she forced herself to remember why she was here. Those creatures, the Sonii, had said Gilaxiad. She needed them. They may be the only way to save Gílana.
She stepped slowly down a flight of clanging steps, and down into a puddle of water. Each step was carefully placed, aware that people were within these darkened cells. Maybe she could let them out.
No, no, you have to help the Sonii.
Movement down the corridor nearby. At once she pushed herself up against the cold concrete wall, breathing quietly through her mouth, her chest rising and falling before she moved on again. She reached the door, recognised the lack of markings on the metal, and pressed the fob up against the panel. It groaned open, and her wrist juddered painfully. It was here.
She activated the dim light and looked down at six pale creatures.
‘Sonii,’ she said.
‘Masterium,’ it replied. ‘No harm.’
‘No harm,’ she repeated. ‘I won’t harm you. I will save you. Come with me.’
The largest stepped forward, as tall as her thigh, and touched her hand. It was freezing. She took it by the hand and pulled it out.
‘You had better know what you’re doing, Anna Berenguer,’ she told herself. ‘This had better work.’
The leading Sonii followed her down the tunnel, the other five following cautiously. They did not head the way she had come down, but instead carried on down the passageway. On course for the urgent outlet. An emergency door. Somewhere. It was here. The plans had said so. A wave of relief covered her as she found the door. The key fob worked, and they emerged at the edge of the City. Nobody in sight. Straight ahead was the hatch leading back into the underground conduit. The tunnel was in sight. She pressed the Sonii on, now holding the smallest in her arms, and ran for the exit.
*   *   *

Sudana smiled, placed an extra coat around her shoulders, and pressed her comm link. ‘Keep watch now, General. Let the girl return. Fetch your men and meet me downstairs.’


FIFTY-SIX




ANNA SNATCHED A deep breath, wrestling with the smallest and, as luck would have it, liveliest of the Sonii as it charged about her uncle’s vault. She hoped nobody could hear. Where the others remained quiet, timid, and watchful, the smallest raced back and forth, picking up gadgets and coilbolts and throwing them about, unafraid and inquisitive.
‘Shhh,’ she told it. ‘Quiet! For Titan herself, be quiet.’
One of the larger Sonii hobbled over and threw the tiny thing over its shoulder, regarding Anna with a single fleeting look, before returning to the corner with the others.
Anna took another deep breath, made sure the secret exit was closed, and opened the door back into the apartment, before turning to the Sonii and kneeling. ‘I’ll be right back,’ she said, her wrist trembling. She hoped they could understand. ‘I’ll be gone only a few moments. If you want, I’ll bring some food and water. If that’s what you eat . . . or drink. Make some kind of gesture if that’s all right.’
The tallest Sonii, still holding the smallest still, made a sort of bow. Anna took it to mean yes, and made her way back through the corridor into the apartment, as quiet as she could. She opened the secret closet and stepped foot back inside, where she stopped. Anna stood frozen, but her body shook. The reality of what was coming struck her to the core.
Stood before her, the Iástron Sudana peered down. Her dark veil was nowhere to be seen, but the scarred flesh and hanging skin made her as sick as she had felt the first time she had witnessed it. Sudana moved away and sat upon the couch, crossing her legs.
Callista and Gílana sat shaking beside her. Several Crilshans stood silent in the open doorway. Without thinking, Anna spun and reached to pull the vault door closed, but a boot from nowhere struck her in the head, sending her to the floor. Spinning. Dizzy. A hand wrapped tightly around her shoulder, and a reeking Crilshan threw her onto the ground before Sudana. Gílana whimpered and Callista held her head close to hers. Anna noticed her belly was covered in a sheet. She prayed they hadn’t discovered the pregnancy.
Sudana rose and drifted in a circle around her. ‘Did you really think it would be that easy to get them out?’
Anna leant on her knees. ‘You let us go?’
‘I do what I always do.’ She walked past her and into the open vault, a cackle-of-a-laugh erupting out of sight, and she walked back into the apartment shaking her head. ‘Tut, tut, tut,’ she mocked. ‘Oh, Anna. Child. You don’t know what you’ve done. You have made a grave miscalculation here.’
‘Not as grave as yours, Sudana.’
‘Empty the vault,’ she ordered the Crilshan in charge. ‘You’ll find your creatures inside.’
The Crilshan nodded, signalled, and several moved within. Screeching and crying rang out, and Anna’s heart strained. The soldiers returned, each with a tight grip around the small beings. The smallest Sonii wriggled free and ran towards her. The closest Crilshan kicked out, sending it in the opposite direction, where it was picked up by another.
‘Stop it!’ Anna cried. ‘These creatures are peaceful. Harmless! You locked them up. There’s an old thought on Earth. I’m sure you’ve heard of it. It’s called Karma.’
Sudana turned to the Crilshan. ‘Have the chamber stripped and disassembled, General.’
‘Yes, Sudana.’
A dozen more Crilshans entered the apartment and began to empty the vault. Coilbolts and blasters and electronic equipment were carried from the room. It took mere minutes, in which Anna remained knelt where she was. Callista and Gílana sat together on the couch nearby. Tears fell down their faces.
The last Crilshan left the vault. The general took out a grenade and threw it inside. A powerful rumble shook the apartment, and smoke flowed in from the only hope that had been left. The bookshelf collapsed, littering wood and Crilshan statements across the room. One fell before Anna. Through the smoke she focused on one line.

THERE IS NO DESTINY.
THERE IS NO FATE.
THERE IS NO CHANCE.

Anna considered the words as her life fell apart. It would seem so.
The general stood back. ‘What of these creatures, Mistress?’
Sudana looked to Anna and smiled. ‘Shoot them.’
‘No!’
Each creature was thrown to the floor. The rattle of gunfire filled the apartment. The Sonii dropped, lifeless, and one-by-one were dragged from the room; dark blood marked their massacre.
The veiled woman approached. ‘I hope that you understand now, Anna Berenguer. There is something about you I cannot place. Something about you is different. But that does not mean you can resist what is inevitable.’
‘What is inevitable?’ she asked.
Sudana smirked, and glanced at Callista and Gílana. She frowned, then pushed Anna aside and marched over to the couch. She thrust Callista back, lifted Gílana to her feet, and flinched.
Gílana burst into tears. The Crilshan general shook his head. Sudana stood back, arms folded.
Anna began, ‘Please—’
‘Quiet, girl!’
Callista sobbed.
‘And you, old woman! Why? WHY?!’ She placed her hands behind her back. ‘Do you think I enjoy this? There are rules. You break them, you pay the price.’ With a flail of her hand she said, ‘General, have her scheduled for your . . . clean . . . pure procedure.’
‘The Pure Gene?’
‘Yes, that!’
The Crilshan looked shocked. ‘Were you not informed, my lady? The governors elected to have the Pure Gene written off for non-Crilshan mothers. Execution was called for instead.’
‘Really? Well, do that then.’
‘No!’ Callista cried. ‘You can’t!’
Gílana whimpered beside her.
‘I assure you, old woman, I can do whatever I choose. I’ll see how I feel come morning. Expect a call. Don’t expect a call. I care not anymore.’
They departed, Sudana last, leaving the three in silence.


Mistress Sudana entered her office and slammed the door shut. The cold air hit her from the window she had neglected to replace. She liked the cold. It kept her sharp. Crossing the room, she leaned onto the desk with both hands, and waited there for some moments.
Let them have their Pure Gene death nonsense, she thought. Soon she would be away from this infernal city, and back home on Earth where she belonged. Lord Malizar would call for her any day now. She had done her duty, and done it well. Ten-thousand Titanese men and women had joined the Crilshan legions. Ready to oppose the Greater Threat.
But as she sat behind her desk and activated her interstellar comm-link, preparing to hail her master back on Earth, a sound struck her ears like no sound she had ever perceived. Hisses and screeches and screams and roars. Sounds of hell. She shot to her feet, knocking the receiver off, and then fell to her knees, hands covering her ears.
But there was no unhearing that sound. That hell.
She gripped the desk, pulled herself up.
‘No,’ she said, over and over. ‘No, no, no. Not yet!’
She knew what it was. It was hell. It was that thing. It was coming. There was only one thing she could do.


FIFTY-SEVEN




WHEN XERIN KRAMER opened his eyes, he knew he was not in his cell. A cold air swathed his face until it felt numb as a gentle silver glow filled the office in which he sat, hands lashed to the arms of his chair.
Stood at the window, with a straight back and hands clasped at the base of his spine, General Zolf Vagrida spoke. ‘We are alone.’
Kramer peered the length of the room. With his Crilshan capacity for sight among the dark limited to but one eye, it took some seconds to realise he was being honest.
‘What do you have to tell me,’ Kramer said, ‘that requires us to be unaccompanied?’
Vagrida turned from the window, his pale cheeks merged with sunken eyes and crooked jaw. ‘You misunderstand, Xerin. We are alone upon this world. It injures me to say it, but I need your advice.’
‘I can barely stand, General. Advice is the last thing I want to give you.’
‘Then remain seated.’
‘You say we’re alone. How alone? Mistress Sudana—’
‘Mistress Sudana,’ Vagrida interjected, ‘has seen fit to abandon us.’
‘Sudana, the sovereign bitch of steel? Fled?’
‘She left late last night. I watched her leave, saw her unveiled face.’ He looked away. ‘She was afraid.’
Kramer considered what he knew of her. ‘Something must have called her home. Or scared her into leaving. Of all the women I’ve met, she has by far been the most resilient.’
Vagrida assented. ‘I know what scared her.’
‘No games,’ Kramer said.
‘No. No games.’ In three strides Vagrida crossed the room and leaned over the wooden desk. ‘Prepare yourself, Xerin.’
‘For what?’
The sound of a million souls crying out filled the room. The echoing of symbols and bells far off in lonely mountains. Evil creatures burned and tortured. Death. Death and ruin. It was relentless. Screaming and crying. Men and women and demons, deep voiced. It blocked out everything but the sound, took over all the senses, destroyed all the light and hope that existed.
Vagrida switched it off. Xerin’s heart beat at a thousand times its normal pace. He had no words. No words to describe how he felt, or the reality that hit him as he listened.
The Crilshan general gazed at him, eyes half open.
Kramer breathed in. ‘Play it . . . again.’
Vagrida pressed the switch at once, pressing his eyes shut like the sound couldn’t penetrate him if he did. Kramer knew it. He knew the sound. He was filled with panic, but he suppressed it.
Vagrida switched it off and crossed over to the window opening.
‘When was this beacon first received?’ Kramer asked. ‘Tell me quick.’
‘Last night. Will you help?’
‘How many hours ago? Where did it originate?’
‘Ten hours, professor. Now tell me—’
‘Where did it originate?’
‘You forget your place, you repugnant—’
‘Tell me the source of the beacon or damn, I swear you’ll be dead before tomorrow’s dawn!’
‘An ultimatt path,’ he said scornfully. ‘The path that links Accentauria and Proxima.’
‘Have we a trajectory yet?’
‘Not yet.’
‘We need one.’ Kramer looked down. ‘Untie me?’
Vagrida untied him. ‘Now, will you help?’
‘Tell me something first. How are Titan’s defences?’
‘Stronger than ever. We have drastically updated the protective boundaries and turrets. No missile or energy beam has a chance of reaching us. We are protected.’
‘But not enough, I worry, to stop the approaching beacon.’
‘Then you recognise it?’
Kramer nodded. ‘I recognise it, yes.’
‘Then you can help.’
‘I can. Doesn’t mean I will.’
Kramer observed a bead of sweat seep down Vagrida’s forehead. ‘What do I have to offer you?’ he asked.
‘A discussion would be meaningless at this point, General. I imagine it’s an expedition you’re planning?’
‘Communication has been lost, with both Crilshar and any world or fleet past that beacon. I read the reports. You and Lesper knew about all of this.’
‘I’ll be adding a few clauses to this agreement myself . . . if I go.’
Vagrida pursed his lips. ‘Name them.’
‘My covering. My face covering. I want it back.’ The General nodded. ‘Avéne Ketrass is to go free. Release her from her cell.’
‘Very well.’
‘The Titanese captain as well. Diego Ferranti.’
‘You go too far, Kramer. He is sentenced to death. Any day now.’
Kramer sat back. ‘If that beacon is what I think it is, then all of our days are numbered. If you won’t release him, have him come with me. He will accompany us on our trip.’
‘Is that everything?’
‘Just one more thing, General. If I’m going, I’m to lead the expedition. You will make me captain.’
Vagrida burst into hysterical laughter. ‘Is it any wonder they say you’re mad?!’ Kramer’s face didn’t change. He was deadly serious. ‘You will have a mutiny within hours, minutes even, once they realise you’re only . . . half Crilshan.’ He struggled saying it.
‘Then they mustn’t find out.’
‘Impossible.’
‘Give me back my face covering, General, and I will do what you ask.’


FIFTY-EIGHT




BEFORE SHE COULD grasp what was happening, Avéne Ketrass was wrenched from her sleep by cold hands and dragged from the bright cell into the dark-filled corridor. This was it. They were going to kill her at last. Free her from hell. Kramer and Ferranti must be dead too by now. And she was next. It was going to be over at last. She could almost feel the smile spread across her throbbing mouth. She could taste the blood from her cut lip. Soon to be over. Finally.
Thrown into a small, dimly-lit holding room, she burst into tears. And then somebody entered the room. She stood, wiping her eyes.
‘It is time?’ she asked.
He looked her up and down. ‘Come with me,’ Gordian said.


She sat in the back of his armoured vehicle as it moved along Titan’s silent streets, paved with darkness and drenched in a faint, silver gleam like that of a lone moon. Gordian felt familiar. He felt warm. Yet he was going to be her killer. It was almost poetic.
In minutes they arrived in a rundown corner of the central city. Out into the street and it was hard to see. Gordian took her hand and guided her through, though he didn’t speak, and she did not ask where they were going. She didn’t care.
Gordian’s strict pace brought them both quickly to a halt. In the silent dark not even the top of the dome could be seen. Had everybody forgotten about Titan? Were they really alone? A shiver pulsed along her spine and through her quivering legs.
‘This way,’ he said, and pulled her along a pitch-black alley, descending lower than street level. At the bottom, the path opened up and there stood waiting half-a-dozen Crilshan men, all gathered around an open fire feeding from a large metal drum in the centre of the courtyard.
Ketrass guessed why they were here. ‘No,’ she pleaded. ‘Please. You don’t have to. No.’
But Gordian gripped her hand tighter, and despite her best efforts to pull herself free he lugged her down and through, past the lurking group and their haunting eyes and into a dark corridor.
The thumping in her throat stopped her from speaking. Her muscles were sore, her whole body weak from hunger and exhaustion. She prayed that, whatever he was going to do, he’d do it quick. But as he led her along the creaking corridor and into a room at its end, her fear waned and confusion took its place.
‘You’re not going to kill me?’ she asked.
Gordian double-locked the door behind them. All went dark. He crossed the room and switched on a lamp. Ketrass remained on her knees and looked about her. Gordian stood in the corner of the small room, which was filled with electronic equipment. A large armchair stood behind her, and the sweaty smell which filled her nostrils no doubt came from the makeshift bed upon which the Crilshan now sat.
She repeated, ‘You’re not going to kill me?’
His head lolled wearily. ‘It is no crime to kill one of you. I could have done it in the middle of the street and suffered no consequence.’
A rush of relief filled her body, joined only by a lingering sadness. Death would have been a welcome reprieve after what she’d considered doing to herself in that cage. Who knew how safe she was here?
‘I want to know what’s happening,’ she said. ‘I want to you to tell me. Where’s Kramer, and why am I here?’
‘I don’t know,’ he said.
‘Don’t know the answer to which?’
‘Both.’
Ketrass clambered up into the tall, red chair behind her. ‘Liar.’
He shrugged his shoulders.
‘You weren’t told to kill me. Then why did you bring me here?’
‘Your professor arranged for you to be released.’ Gordian slowly removed his belt and placed the spiked, coiled blade on the ground before him. ‘I brought you here because it is safer. Out there is too dangerous. I thought—’
‘Yes, well you thought wrong,’ she said, standing. ‘I don’t need you to look after me. Like some . . . some . . . pet!’
Cross-legged, and without looking up, the Crilshan said, ‘Then go. You are free to wander the streets of Titan all you want. Go on.’
She gulped, grasping why she was actually here. She had nowhere to go. Those men out there would chase her down and do whatever they wanted before slitting her throat if she stepped out of that door. She shivered, watching him carefully. He looked like the rest of them: just as brutal and eerie and dark. Only, there was something different in his posture. Perhaps in the way he spoke. Something not quite the same in his eyes.
Maybe Kramer was right. Maybe not all Crilshans were the same. After all, Gordian had brought her here to protect her, hadn’t he? She’d certainly never believed selflessness to be a trait widely held by the Dark Race. But then, in these black days, she’d given up pretending she knew anything anymore.
She sat down, silently curling up in the armchair, and closed her eyes.
When she woke, all was dark. Gruff voices could be heard down the corridor. Ketrass moved to the end of the bed in which Gordian had placed her. She pushed open the unlocked door. The firelight coming from the nearby courtyard provided enough light to make out three silhouettes. One was tall, another chubby, and the third must have been Gordian; his muscled form blocked the way of the other two. They attempted to get past him. To get to her. She shuddered. Gordian pushed one back and ordered them away. They wouldn’t budge.
Rather than wait to be seen – and unable to understand a word of what she was hearing – she pushed the door closed, retreated back into the bed, and tucked herself up tight. A moment later Gordian returned. He bolted the door and sat in the chair. ‘You can turn the light on if you want to,’ he said.
Obviously he could see her watching him, she realised.
As she leant across to turn it on, the bright light sending her retreating under the covers, Gordian said, ‘They’re going to take you from me.’
‘What?’ she breathed, bolting back up.
‘They’re not happy that I have you. They’re contesting my ownership.’ He kept his eyes shut, head bowed down. ‘I’m sorry, Avéne. I can’t protect you.’
Ketrass pulled herself out of the pile of sheets and moved across the room. She took the Crilshan’s hand. It was surprisingly warm. His heartbeat pulsed through her; and as she raised his hand to place it on her cold cheek the steady beating grew. He looked up to her, the red of his eyes dancing like live flame.
‘Comfort me,’ she said.
Silence. Gordian continued to watch her.
‘Comfort me tonight . . . Gordian.’
He stood slowly and gazed down at her. His hand on her cheek, the other on her neck. He leaned in and kissed her. She pushed him back, breathed out, and pulled him over to the bed. Ketrass forced him onto his back and climbed on top of him. She kissed him again, breath deep and sudden. For a moment, she hesitated.
‘When?’ she asked.
Gordian’s thumb stroked her cheek as he sighed. ‘Tomorrow.’


FIFTY-NINE




A PUNGENT ODOUR assaulted Diego Ferranti’s senses. He refused to open his eyes, but he could hear talking all around him. Crilshan speech. The stench of sweat fused with the apprehension in their voices. He was not in solitary anymore.
Movement behind him. He opened his eyes and looked down at his hands, which were strapped to the seat near the pinnacle of the Crilshan vessel’s viewing centre.
A hand closed down over his shoulder. A familiar voice spoke.
‘They tell me you enjoyed your dinner.’
Ferranti smiled. ‘You arranged the steak? As last dinners go, it was first rate.’
Xerin Kramer knelt down before him. ‘Good. I thought you’d like it.’
‘Kramer?’
‘You’ve not gone blind then.’
He couldn’t believe what was happening. The former professor was fully clad in Crilshan attire, shaven and well-groomed. His face-covering had been placed back on. Unlike the Titanese captain, he was not a prisoner here.
The Crilshan viewing centre was enormous. Twice as large as his own on the Stellarstream. Along a rail-less bridge separating the captain’s platform from the rest, a Crilshan crewman approached them. He saluted Kramer and ignored Ferranti. The two spoke quietly.
‘Yes, that’ll do for now,’ Kramer said. ‘Return to your post.’
‘Yes, Captain.’
Ferranti’s mouth dropped, awestruck. ‘Did they just say captain?’
The crewman brought the back of his hand into Ferranti’s face. It stung like hell.
‘You’ll speak when spoken to, khulul,’ Kramer said.
Ferranti laughed and was struck again. He was used to beatings now. This didn’t bother him even slightly.
‘That’s enough,’ Kramer told the crewman. ‘Leave us.’
The crewman skulked away, loitering near the next control station.
Ferranti laughed again. ‘What in Saturn’s name—’
‘That’ll be enough from you, Diego, unless you fancy a walk out the airlock.’
‘How the hell did you manage this?’
Kramer turned his head and motioned to his silver face covering, which was now set in reverse on the opposite side of his face, covering the non-Crilshan eye.
‘Impressive.’
‘I know.’
‘They think you’re one of them?’
‘I have no clue what you’re getting at.’
‘We’re on a Crilshan barrage. That’s an ultimatt path out there,’ Ferranti said. ‘So what’s the plan?’
‘At this moment? Remaining alive.’
‘And then?’
‘Not dying.’
‘You appear to have regained a sense of humour with that covering. Now tell me. Where are we going?’
‘The Crilshans are calling it the Beacon.’
‘And what do you call it?’
‘Our end.’
Ferranti was silent for a moment. ‘It’s Erebus, isn’t it?’
Kramer nodded. ‘I think so.’
On the level below them, three Crilshan soldiers stood watching. Kramer stood, hand behind his back. Ferranti recognised one from the regular beatings in their shared cell.
‘How did he end up on here?’ Kramer muttered to himself.
‘How far from this Beacon are we?’ Ferranti asked.
‘Not far. We are somewhere within the boundary of Proxima.’
‘There was never a plan, was there?’
Kramer snorted. ‘Heavens, no. You’re welcome, by the way.’
‘Welcome? For what?’
‘For saving your life.’
‘And just how is it you saved my life?’ Ferranti whispered.
‘They didn’t tell you?’ Kramer faced forward, lips hardly moving.
‘Tell me what?’
‘You were to be executed.’
‘Oh, I know.’
‘You know? How do you know?’ he hissed.
‘Gordian.’
‘Gordian?’
‘The assassin-turned-saint!’
Kramer feigned a smile. ‘Shhh!’
‘No. Executed how?’
‘Cruelly, Captain. Before all of Titan.’ Another Crilshan walked past the platform. Kramer waited to finish. ‘No need for thanks.’
‘Good, because you’re not getting any. I would rather die a hero’s death in front of everyone than be a coward and flee.’
‘A hero? What use is the word or the thought if you’re not around to help those that need you, when they need you?’
‘And be a coward like you, Professor?’
‘If it meant living to fight another day, yes. If it meant swallowing your pride and beating your enemy, hell yes.’
Ferranti shot Kramer a fleeting look. ‘Let’s beg to differ, shall we?’
Before he could answer, one of the ship’s navigators appeared at Kramer’s side. ‘We’re on course, Captain. Reverse velocity has been activated. One hour until contact.’


SIXTY




MISTRESS SUDANA OPENED her eyes.
The ancient light of the silver-streaked moon shone ill-omened through the empty skies as her craft descended toward planet Earth. The Thanatus perceived an outline of the radiant sphere, glowing bright upon the horizon but enclosed in shadow beneath.
Sudana moved to the rear egress and awaited the call from her captain, checking her reflection and adjusting her veil as she did. Within minutes the trembling beneath her feet had halted. All movement ceased. She descended the lengthening ramp to be greeted by a dark-robed form.
‘Mistress,’ spoke Lord Malizar.
She bowed. ‘My lord.’
‘It has begun then.’
‘Pardon me. What has begun?’
‘The end,’ he said.
She stopped moving. ‘What?’
‘You returned when you heard the Beacon.’
‘It’s from Erebus, isn’t it? I’ve been there. I felt it.’
‘You wish to know the truth?’
‘You would not tell me before.’
‘No.’
‘But you sent a team to Tempest-Beta once we lost contact, surely.’
‘I did.’
‘And?’
‘Erebus was gone.’
Sudana’s jaw plummeted. ‘No. No, it couldn’t . . .’
‘I assure you, my mistress, the asteroid Erebus was not where it once was. And there is more. Neither was Tempest-Beta. The lightning world was gone. I have seen the evidence for myself.’
‘Then where is Erebus?’
He peered down upon her. ‘You know where.’
‘Impossible.’ Her stomach turned, twisted. She felt nauseous. ‘What do we do?’
‘We have been doing it. What do you think your task upon Titan was for? You were creating the army we need, as our Crilshan cohorts have been doing with the captured Alignment worlds. Earth forces will not be enough.’
‘So the signal I heard. The screaming. The noise. It was—’
‘Erebus, I believe. The very finest in the field have reported to me that the readings match closely those taken from the base we had within it. Where it has been all this time, I do not know. But now it is coming, Sudana. It is coming here.’
He began to walk again, down a flight of steps and onto a cold balcony overlooking the city below.
‘How long do we have?’
‘Days, maybe. Certainly no more than a week.’
‘Can’t we flee?’
‘Flee? Flee where?’
She opened her mouth, but knew he was right.
‘We will face that when it comes to it,’ he said. ‘We control the Alignment. It has bled, and what is left is strong. But we cannot take Earth in the same way. We do not control Earth Forces yet, and the greater number of the people of Earth, the Seven Rivers in particular, reject war in any form. We will control Earth in time. However, even there we have a quandary I want quickly resolved.’
‘What it is?’
‘We must discover who is behind this.’ He motioned toward the nearest screen and a news broadcast appeared. A building was burning. But as Sudana looked closer she realised only part was ablaze. An enormous ‘L’ shape, carven like the old languages of the Rivers, smouldered and smoked.
‘This, Sudana, is the emblem of the Laxiad.’
‘Ridiculous. There must be some mistake.’
‘I assure you there is no mistake, mistress. This is the image of the Laxiad, once contenders for the position of Von during the last great appointment three centuries past. And I believe I know who is responsible.’
‘Whom?’ she asked. ‘Is it possible the Laxiad could have returned? Returned to challenge the Von?’
‘Anything is possible.’
‘But we know who it was that began the Laxiad.’
‘You have never let me down, Sudana. You are sure you’re correct about the fate of Peter Marx?’
‘I watched him die – they watched him die.’
‘How?’
‘They watched him fall. Far. Buried. Hopeless.’
‘He is not dead.’
‘Impossible!’
‘We have only just established that anything is possible. Anything. Even the worst.’
‘Aside from the possibility that Peter Marx is back from the dead, rebuilding his forces, and reuniting the old Laxiad Order to challenge your position as Vontaura, what other possibilities are there?’ When Malizar did not reply she cleared her throat and said, ‘I am sorry to be blunt, but the time for delicate words has long gone.’
‘Indeed it has,’ he said without looking at her.
Her mind was in panic, but he appeared as detached as ever. She watched him carefully. After all these years, she knew her master more than anyone else. Sudana knew more than anyone when to speak and when to listen. In his face now was deliberation, attention, strategy.
‘What are you thinking, my lord?’
A moment of silence. ‘I am thinking,’ he said, ‘that the possibility of Peter Marx’s survival may work in our favour, if we could draw him to us.’


SIXTY-ONE




‘IT IS OBVIOUS!’ Lanfranc Vortan stood at the window overlooking Avaris City’s skyline. ‘It is obvious. We have lost!’
Justus stood silently with his arms folded in the corner of the room, eyes closed. Noah, Shree, and Aíron sat on the couch nearby. He hadn’t realised just how much he had missed them until now. Cathal had disappeared in the middle of their first night here, with the promise to return as soon as he was able. Where he had gone, not even Vortan knew.
Vortan stepped in from the balcony. ‘The division of the Allied Moon which, in secret, prepared efforts against Malizar and his Order, has been discovered. Several of them, like me, were also incumbent members of the Von.’
‘How do we know that?’ Noah asked.
Shree placed her arm around Aíron.
Vortan held his hands in a steeple beneath his chin, slowly wiped the sweat from his face up to his brow. He bore his bottom teeth in frustration. ‘My home was not the only one ransacked and reduced to ashes two nights ago. The other disillusioned members have either been found dead or disappeared from the face of the Earth.’
‘So the Order came for you, not for us?’ he said. ‘He didn’t know about Justus or his father?’
‘It appears there we have been fortunate. However, with this news any hope is lost. The Von cannot stop the Allied Moon from taking its place as Vontaura. Their support has grown momentously these past months.’
Aíron coughed three times and spoke up. ‘What about others?’
‘What?’
‘Out . . . Outside the Rivers,’ she said. ‘There are other cities, other peoples out there, are there not?’
‘Yes!’ Noah agreed. ‘What about Earth Forces? There are sixteen-million men and women out there ready to defend this planet.’
‘All of whom answer to the Von alone,’ Vortan said. ‘And very soon the Vontaura. My influence is worth nothing alone now.’
‘It’s still worth a try,’ Aíron said.
Vortan chuckled. ‘What a little strategist you would make, Aíron Veryan. You remind me so much of Avéne.’ His mind drifted off for a moment, before he regained composure. ‘Persuading the far western companies had occurred to us, as a last resort. But even that plan has been destroyed. The western nations across the sea have suffered from what has been reported as an unsurpassed natural disaster. They are in disarray.’
‘It’s Malizar, isn’t it?’ Noah’s shoulders slumped.
‘It has to be,’ Aíron said. ‘The timing is too perfect.’
‘Yes,’ Vortan said. ‘The three foremost leaders of the ruined western nations, also opponents of the Allied Moon for the position of Vontaura, have been removed. They stand no chance. We stand no chance.’
‘No.’ The group turned to Justus, who opened his eyes and unfolded his arms. ‘No,’ he said again. ‘I won’t let it happen.’
‘I very much doubt you have a choice, son.’
‘No. We all have a choice. I have a choice. And here’s what we’re going to do.’
‘We?’
‘Well, I need your help. But it’s me who will face him.’
‘Face who?’
‘I will draw Malizar to me.’
‘And get yourself killed!’
‘Five months ago, maybe. But not now.’ He stood calm, solid.
‘You’re a fool if you think you can take him on. And that’s provided you can draw him to you in the first place!’
‘Even the greatest monster suffers from the most fundamental sensation,’ Justus said. ‘He has the greatest amount to lose. And fear is a good motivator, greater than guilt or passion, or love. And there’s only one person Marrak Malizar ever feared, only one person he would ever consider a threat. Now, with all this power, surrounded by darkness and strength, I think if Malizar were to meet Peter Marx face-to-face he would challenge him.’
Noah almost choked. ‘You can’t be thinking—’
‘Convince him that Peter Marx has returned, threaten him with a catastrophe the likes of which no tyrant has ever before witnessed, step into the boots of the greatest man that ever lived, and I can take him down. Malizar is the problem. Remove him and the Von can take back control.’
‘How?’ Vortan said. ‘How? Where would we even start?’
‘I have already started.’
‘You have what?’
‘Last night I placed an image of the old Laxiad Order on the tallest tower in the city. High profile. The Dark Lord will have seen it by now. There is only one conclusion he will leap to.’
‘He will believe that Peter Marx lives!’
‘You’ve lost me,’ Noah said.
‘And me,’ Aíron consented.
Shree shook her head.
Vortan sighed. ‘The Old Laxiad were once contenders for the role of governing the Seven Rivers. The Von won out and were appointed leaders instead. But it is who led the Laxiad that will cause Malizar the greatest amount of grief.’
‘Peter Marx,’ Justus said. ‘Before the Iástron Race was driven into hiding, they held some power. Now they will again.’


Things moved quickly that night. Justus allowed Noah and Shree to accompany him. Aíron put up a fight once again, but Justus would not allow her to go. ‘It’s too dangerous,’ he told her. ‘You are young. Had I known this was waiting upon Earth, I would have thought twice about bringing you along.’
And so Aíron sat in the apartment watching the broadcast with Vortan, watching and waiting for Justus’ plan to take effect. The plot was laid down: an accident at the heart of Avaris. An unknown hero: Peter Marx. Malizar would witness the footage, the rumour, and the image of the Laxiad they would leave behind, and the Dark Lord would believe it. Then the trap would be set.
At a quarter to midnight, the streets of the city still busy among the night market, an alarming news broadcast appeared before them. Aíron wished she could have been there to help.
‘There!’ Vortan said. ‘Pan up! Pan up!’
‘The cameraman can’t hear you,’ Aíron said.
‘There he is – there’s Antal!’
And there he was. Justus stood atop a crumbling roof and looked down into the wet streets of the city. Screams and cries from far below echoed into the apartment. Across the street, some several storeys higher, were Noah and Shree, out of sight, raising the great building beam to the correct height. Long and unimaginably heavy, it swung back and forth, held firm only by a feeble length of cable.
‘Up there!’ people on the screen cried. ‘What is it?’ ‘Can you see?’ ‘A man!’
And then, a great metal beam swung across the gap between buildings, battering a nearby roof, half collapsing through. Shards of glass fell from above, littering the ground, while bricks and mortar descended. More cries rang out.
The reporter cried out Justus’ description as he caught the beam, placing it carefully onto the roof several storeys up.
‘What is he doing?’ Aíron asked.
‘Doing what he does best,’ Vortan said. ‘Seeking attention.’
‘Well it’s working.’
‘Who is it?!’ voices cried. ‘What was that?’ ‘Did you see?!’
Then, the small image of Justus stepped to the edge of the building high above. ‘I am Peter Marx!’ he said, so loud and powerful that Aíron could almost believe it was him. ‘Marrak Malizar, I CALL YOU OUT!’ And he stepped back. Disappeared.
‘Do you think it will work?’ she asked.
‘I think it might.’ Vortan gulped.
‘He’s so strong, though. He has so much power.’
Vortan looked away. ‘Those who possess much, have much to fear.’


SIXTY-TWO




LORD MALIZAR AND his mistress paced down a deep corridor among the crypts of his estate. They entered a pure white room. It was clinical, surgical. Neither said a word. In the middle of the room was a table upon which lay a dark-skinned young man. He wasn’t moving, held down by thick straps, emaciated and weak. His eyes were open. Behind him stretched a conveyor belt, which crossed the room into a furnace at the end. An orderly way to dispose of the bodies used for testing down here.
The young man watched them stand nearby. Sudana turned her back on him.
‘You still haven’t explained to me your arrangements for the Allied Moon’s forces,’ she said. ‘The Beacon.’
‘You are right. It is coming.’
‘Why do I sense I should drop the subject?’
‘Do not concern yourself with the Order’s forces, Sudana.’
‘Then what?’
‘We must consider Peter Marx and the Laxiad. He may ruin everything. He has called me out. I must respond. I must draw him to me.’
‘But my lord, how do we find him when we do not know what it is he wants?’
Malizar smiled, something very rarely witnessed in the aging man. ‘We no longer have to find him.’
‘Why is that?’
‘Because I already have.’
She looked to a screen, hovering before them. A recorded image presented a man, dark-haired and athletic, bounding across a rooftop in the middle of Avaris City. He caught a heavy-looking metal beam, saving the lives of the many people watching below.
‘Is that him? Is that Peter Marx?’
‘It appears so, Sudana.’
‘So he is here, in Francium. That was him attempting to seize your attention?’
‘He succeeded.’
‘But that doesn’t make him easy to find.’
‘Yes, it does.’
‘I do not understand.’
‘You will,’ he said and motioned to a table near the still body lying close by. Upon the table stood a single, clear container no larger than her hand. Inside was what looked like a large, exotic caterpillar. ‘I have neglected to share with you an instrument such as this.’
‘What is it?’
‘This, my dear, is Abdominus Acidus. A bioengineered parasite. It works much like Ampulex Compressa, Toxoplasma Gondii, and the worm known as Dracunculus.’ He gestured at a wall covered in clear containers, each with insects and creatures held within their individual ecological units.
‘You use them for torture?’
‘A man in my position has many dissidents, Sudana. You know how I approach my opponents.’
Sudana gazed down at the bug, about the size and length of her finger, as Malizar held his hand over it and, without making contact, raised it from its container and across the room. He allowed it to fall onto the boy’s dark-skinned arm, where it wriggled swiftly across and down to his hand.
‘Watch carefully now,’ he told her. ‘Its underside comes into contact with the prey’s skin and something interesting occurs.’ Sudana watched and at once the area touched by the caterpillar began to bubble and turn black, popping up in bright yellow spots. The boy’s eyes were open, wide open. His lips tightened, but he couldn’t move.
‘Acidic saliva.’ Malizar laughed deeply. ‘The parasite then moves back across the tempered skin, devouring the crust and revealing muscle and bone beneath. A single parasite can devour a human body in under ten hours, though the victim would most likely die much sooner.’
Sudana felt nauseous and squirmed, unable to watch. She turned away, focusing her attention on anything but the boy’s pain or the sickening smell of charred flesh. ‘Are you going to kill him?’ she asked. She knew he enjoyed his wicked torments; everyone had their flaws, even she. This was simply his, and it did not shake her loyalty. She was fortunate. This boy, she imagined, wouldn’t be.
‘Worry not, mistress,’ Malizar said. ‘I do not want the boy to die. He is more useful to us alive. I will have a practitioner attend to the wound.’
‘Very good, my lord. But the real issue, as you said, is the Laxiad. The possibility that Peter Marx is alive is the worst thing that could happen, with this Beacon approaching.’
‘Perhaps not,’ he said.
‘What are you thinking?’
You know what he is thinking. He wants what he has always wanted: Peter’s gift!
He motioned down to the young man’s body. ‘This is how we will dictate what Peter does. We will use this boy.’
‘Who is it?’
‘Patience, my mistress.’
‘But we will use him to trap Peter?’
‘I will move for no one. Peter Marx thinks he can outmanoeuvre me. But I am not the weak party. I will walk into no trap. He will walk into mine.’


SIXTY-THREE




‘IT IS TIME,’ the old woman said.
Anna sat with her sister. Callista paced before them, hands behind her back. She appeared unnervingly calm, despite what they knew was coming.
Gílana sat up straight. ‘Are they here?’
Callista stopped pacing and looked at them. Nodded.
‘I feel sick,’ the girl said, clutching the bump beneath her clothes. ‘I don’t know what to do, Anna. I’m sorry I did this.’
‘You’ve done nothing wrong. Absolutely nothing wrong. It’s them. All them.’
Callista breathed out. ‘Perhaps I can persuade them to let her stay. Or maybe to simply have the Pure Gene procedure. They don’t need to take her.’
‘Do you think it would work?’
‘I can try.’
‘Don’t,’ Gílana said. ‘I don’t want you to get into trouble as well.’
‘We won’t let anything happen to you,’ Anna told her.
‘Now is not the time for falsehood,’ Callista snapped.
‘We can’t let them take her.’
‘What can we do, child?’
 ‘I am not going to let this happen!’
Callista resumed pacing.
It was true. She would die before they took her sister away. Before they brutally murdered the only ray of light in her life. She had spent most of the night attempting to get through into her uncle’s vault so that she could make contact with the Accentaurian’s message. She knew it from memory now. The same words flashed repeatedly through her mind:
You must lose. You must lose everything . . .
Sounds outside the apartment door sent all three into panic. Gílana whimpered, terrified. Anna held her close, still sat upon the couch. She froze, unable to think. She gazed to her feet, to the paper littering the floor. The Crilshan statements she had neglected to pick up. The same one stood out.

THERE IS NO DESTINY.
THERE IS NO FATE.
THERE IS NO CHANCE.

It struck her.
The Accentaurian’s message. No destiny. No fate. No chance.
No coincidence.
The thuds on the front door took her breath away.
It was linked, all linked.
‘We are not going to die here,’ she said. ‘No chance!’
The door swung open. Two Crilshans entered. Both held large rifles, one aimed at Callista, the other at Anna. ‘We are here,’ one said, ‘for Gílana . . . Berenguer.’ He sniggered, obviously aware of who she was. ‘Stand, Gílana Berenguer. Nobody else.’
Gílana stood.
Anna moved to the other end of the couch but the closest Crilshan took hold of Gílana and threw her to the ground. ‘Stay where you are, girl, or we will take all three of you.’
Anna breathed out slowly, taking care not to make any sudden movements. ‘Please don’t take her. Take me.’
‘Are you with child too?’
‘No,’ Callista said. ‘No she’s not. But you do not have to take this one. Take me and we will negotiate.’
‘There will be no negotiation, old woman.’
‘Leave her and take me!’ Anna said, standing.
The Crilshan aimed his rifle towards Callista. ‘Gílana Berenguer will come with us. One move and the old woman is also dead. No sound, or she dies.’
Gílana breathed out slowly. ‘It’s okay, Anna. It’s okay.’
‘No, it’s not. None of it is. All they’ve done. All this time.’
The Crilshans backed towards the door. Callista fell to her knees.
‘No,’ Anna said. ‘I said NO!’
She reached behind the cushion, pulled the coilbolt out, and igniting blue sparks fired at the closest Crilshan’s chest. The strike threw him back across the room, and she fired again at the second Crilshan. She aimed high, not wishing to hit Gílana, and missed.
He flung Gílana to the ground and raised his own rifle.
‘Don’t you dare!’ Callista commanded. ‘Stay still!’
The dark-eyed being stopped still, unable to fire.
‘Do it now, Anna!’
She held the coil out, pressed down, and sent the Crilshan crashing into the wall.
Gílana did not move from the floor, sobbing with her hands over her head. But Anna was already on her feet, moving over to strip the Crilshans of their weapons.
Callista stumbled forward. ‘How?’
‘I took a coilbolt from the vault weeks ago and hid it in my room.’
‘Anna?’
‘Yes, Callista?’
‘I think it’s time we left.’
‘You do?’
‘What choice do we have now?’
‘You’re right. Wait here. Gílana—’
She moved towards her sister. But Gílana, now on her knees, toppled onto her back, crying out in pain.
‘Gílana!’
Anna pushed the apartment door closed. The two then propped the girl up, but she fell once more onto her back.
‘It’s all the stress. It must be!’
Anna froze, the rug beneath them soaked through. ‘Callista?’
The old woman looked her in the eye. ‘She’s going into labour.’
‘Noooo!’ Gílana said. ‘Not yet. I’m not ready – please no!’
‘We need help.’ Callista pulled Gílana up and onto the couch, laying her down. ‘She can’t have her baby here.’
Anna jumped up as a thought struck her. ‘I know who can help.’
‘Who?’
‘Gordian.’
‘What? You think he will?’
‘I know he will.’
Callista sat down and held Gílana close. ‘You won’t get out of this building, child. It’s impossible.’
‘No, no it’s not. I can do it. The tunnel in the vault’s blocked, but I can do this.’
Callista held her gaze for what felt like minutes.
‘Go, Anna.’


The far emergency exit of the tallest residential tower in Central City was empty when Anna stepped into it. No light at all. She stumbled down several steps, the sound of it echoing through to the bottom, one-hundred levels and more below. In one hand she held the coilbolt, deactivated. The noise and light were not worth the risk. Besides, she had sneaked out this way many times in the past, back when she would rendezvous with Jon. Minutes were all it took to slip down, her breathing steady and her mind focused.
No Crilshans in sight. Something was wrong. Maybe it was another trap. Maybe Sudana was watching again. She didn’t care. Without fear or thought she left the safety of the emergency exit and emerged right at the heart of the city. The light above was pale and cold, the air itself frosty. She charged across to another building, keeping behind a low wall before crossing the empty road. All was quiet. Out of breath, tired and hungry, Anna ran all the way until she was so shattered she could hardly move. Stopping in the shadow of a building, she held her head in her hands. If she could find Gordian, they could escape. But how?
‘Acha!’
She spun.
‘Tithnat ubaaa!’
Men moved round the corner. Lots of them. All wore goggles. One pointed at Anna and yelled.
She ran.
The Crilshans took chase.
They were young. Not soldiers. But they were coming. She felt her pulse climb. Almost there. Not far from the edge of the city. If she could only find him, Gordian would help. The old wine cellars, he had said. Southern edge of the city. Almost there.
A patrol van screeched onto the road behind her.
No!
She continued running, coilbolt in hand. She turned the corner, stumbled. A body waited for her behind a parked vehicle. She collided with it and fell back. The Crilshan pushed her onto her back and cried out, ‘Here!’
But at once everything stopped. His cry withered into silence. A deep rumbling far beneath the ground shook them where they stood. A cavernous roar filled her ears. Shapes moved above, out among the red mists. Anna’s wrist shook. Painful jolts shot the length of her arm.
Screams ruptured her ears. Hell on Titan. The men around her collapsed to the ground. None could escape. And then the silence receded. The thunder beneath their feet continued.
‘What’s up there?’ one spoke.
‘Buyan itcha krono!’
‘What can you see?’
‘Check your scanner.’
‘Something is up there.’
‘No,’ Anna said, falling to her knees. She felt it. It was here. ‘Impossible.’


SIXTY-FOUR




SHRILL, PIERCING CRIES rang out, with rolling drums and screams of terror sounding through the cities. Anna’s head felt as though it was splitting. Staring up through the silvery light it were as though she could see through the very mists of Titan. And there, up above, it loomed. The black-rock moon.
Erebus had come.
A fist collided with her face. She fell. Her skull hit the ground, felt as though it had broken upon the road beneath her. Screams rang out. Her dark-eyed assailants raised her up, her vision spinning. Four of them surrounded her. Already dazed and momentarily dismayed, she hadn’t the strength to fight back. The fire within now waned and any hope of help for her sister was gone.
They dragged her down a dark passage away from the street. A burning drum cast smoke around them. She choked, whimpered, attempted to cry out. She couldn’t. Another blow struck her face and a glistening knife was pushed into her neck.
‘Stop!’ A figure emerged from the shadows, armed and furious. Gordian appeared. ‘None of you will touch her!’
‘Stay back, khulul! You already have your pet!’
‘Back down!’ Gordian cried. ‘Or I’ll rip your tongue from your jaw!’
Two of the Crilshans turned on Gordian, and the other two began to drag her away into the dark entrance of the lower building.
‘No,’ she said. ‘No! Something’s coming, something’s here!’
Thrown into the shadows, Anna fell to her knees, waiting for the split second of pain. But instead two gunshots sounded, one on either side. Two shapes fell to the ground as a hand touched her shoulder.
‘Get up, Anna.’
She turned slowly. ‘Is it you?’ she said, as the stranger pulled her back out into the courtyard. ‘Are you . . . the Accentaurian?’
‘Am I who?’ Avéne Ketrass looked down at her, and dropped the rifle she had used to shoot the Crilshans down.
‘Never mind,’ she said. ‘My . . . My sister.’
‘What is it?’ Gordian said, moving over, having dealt with the other two.
‘It’s Gílana – she’s in labour.’
‘What?’
‘She’s having the baby!’
‘I can help,’ Ketrass said.
Gordian nodded. ‘Anna, take Avéne. Both of you go back.’
‘What about you?’
He looked up, then down to the shaking ground. ‘We need to get away from here. I’ll find a craft. Now go.’ He turned to run.
‘Wait!’ Ketrass took hold of him and leaned in to kiss him.
Gordian pushed her away. ‘Go,’ he said.
Ketrass turned and took Anna’s hand. ‘Which way?’
‘This way. Come on,’ she said, and they broke out running.


SIXTY-FIVE




GORDIAN TORE THROUGH the shaking streets. Never stopping. Never wavering. Never considering anything but this one purpose. A craft. All they needed was a craft. Then they could leave – get away and never come back. The ground continued to tremor. Titan itself trembled.
A dozen soldiers charged for the armoured vehicle nearby. He took out a blaster and fired four swift charges in their direction, forcing them back behind the guard post wall. While they were distracted he dashed for the AV, scrambled in, and took off down the street.
Seconds later, as something strong and forceful collided with him, he realised they had taken chase. Blaster fire struck the back of the vehicle. It was armoured. He didn’t care. Two AVs appeared, one on either side. The faces of his fellow race cursed and gestured.
He spun left. They followed. The closest AV rammed his rear side. Gordian compensated for the shift, and drove through a gun placement, changing direction two, three, four times. He knew this city like the back of his hand. He’d spent enough time mapping them on his first visit.
The heap of metal came in for another go. It scorched the road beside him, forcing him to veer left at a junction. He carried on straight, then swerved right, narrowly missing a Crilshan sentinel. Another AV cut across from the left. He swerved away, almost losing control. The other turned sharply, flipping onto its side and colliding with a nearby building.
Gordian breathed deeply, remembering his purpose. A craft. That’s all he wanted. He gazed at his display, watched the second vehicle gain pace behind him. One false move and it was all over.
He thought quickly, breathed deeply, opened his window, and positioned his blaster as the AV emerged alongside. He carried on looking straight ahead, and fired until his hand ached. The edge of the city was dead ahead. Blaster fire pelted his side, the screen, the inside of his vehicle. He gazed ahead. The gate was closing. A horizontal post dropped in front. Gordian pressed his hands into the steering grip, accelerated, and skimmed the metal column. The chasing AV collided with the post.
It took minutes to race into the next city, now without the hindrance of a tail, through that, and into the docking city. The enormous gate was open completely. Swarms of Crilshan soldiers piled through, some heading straight for the larger crafts, hoping to escape, others mounted the defence turrets, and the greater force sprinted towards the grouping of Titanese hovercrafts. In seconds the fleet was in the air, circling the dome, while dozens poured into the other eleven cities.
The army Mistress Sudana had assembled was mobilized, preparing for battle and for death. Titanese joined the Crilshan ranks. Many hundreds running into position everywhere he looked.
Gordian did not wait. He needed one of those crafts. But as he stared up at the inner arc of the docking dome, he brought himself to a standstill. Men around him cried out. Pointed up. Recoiled. Meteors struck the dome above from outside. They were under attack. But by what? He looked around him, then back up. A crack shot through the arched cover. The sound of air escaping was like a storm in space – disturbingly still yet mighty.
‘Only in hell itself,’ he uttered. ‘Only, hell itself is here.’
The dock’s dome collapsing above him, Gordian prepared to shoot back up the road. He attempted to reverse, but realised he was blocked in. Bodies charged about. Weapons fired. Hovercraft soared up high.
He spotted an unmanned hovercraft, opened his door. But from above, through the great fracture in the collapsing shield, a burning black meteor breached the defence. Several more followed. They struck the turrets and buildings and triggered greater chaos. Explosions contoured through the landing platforms.
He looked again, but the hovercraft was lifting into the air without him. Collapsing back into his seat he closed his door, breathed in and out in deep gasps, restraining his thumping pulse. He was trapped. Through the screen he could see no room to manoeuvre. No other option, he sent the AV into reverse.
A bump on the back face. The vehicle shunted passersby over the armoured rear. But Gordian did not stop. Not until he got through that gate.
The cracking of the dome above them was like the bellow of thunder. It flashed straight to his core. The barrage of comets striking the dock’s outer dome was relentless. Hundreds poured down like vile hail. He wasn’t going to make it.
‘Ya haaada,’ men cried. ‘The city, it crumbles!’
Through his vehicle’s comm link came the voice of General Vagrida. ‘Wage war, my fearless horde! Do not run! Wage war, we Crilshan win!’ Vagrida’s craft was in the air, racing past. But a meteor struck its rear, dragging it back down. ‘Fight!’
The link died.
Gordian continued reversing. The smell of burning like flaming flesh poured in. Men shouted and screamed nearby. Comets and meteors and fire penetrated the line. The army was fighting, and fighting hard. But against an invisible enemy there was no hope.
The gate was close. Men charged back through, away from the crumbling city. He knocked several down on his way. He had to get back. The gate was closing, the air vacuum wrenching everything back through and away from the breach. A great tank pulled alongside, ready to block his way. He pressed down hard, knocking into the tank, crunching into the gap. The vehicle scraped through as the gate closed.
Gordian turned the AV around, watching as the city on the other side crumbled. Multiple gates slammed down.
On the other side of the divide, a comet collided with the stranded tank. Great and black and oozing smoke and grease, it shuddered from the inside out. Gordian froze still in his seat suddenly as a large spine, pure black and twisted, pierced through the comet’s torrid shell. A second horn screamed through, and a great, black-boned beast emerged.


SIXTY-SIX




ANNA DRAGGED KETRASS up one-thousand exhausting steps, up to the top of the emergency exit, and through into the corridor leading to her home. ‘This way,’ she said. ‘Quick!’
No Crilshan guards had stopped them. They were all on their way to deal with this new threat from above. But it was no threat, Anna knew. It was their end. It was the darkness and silence she had been warned of.
‘Anna, is that you?’ Callista stood in the doorway, a heavy rifle hanging in her frail grip.
‘We’re here. Ketrass is here.’
‘Hurry.’
Gílana screamed in pain.
Ketrass pushed her way through and darted over to the crying girl. ‘When did the contractions start?’ she asked. ‘Tell me, quick!’
‘Not long. Anna came for you right away.’ Callista looked to Anna. ‘Where’s Gordian?’
‘Gone for a transport.’
‘Can we move her?’
‘I don’t know,’ Ketrass said. ‘She may be too close. Gílana, look at me!’
Gílana looked up, sweat pouring down her face.
‘Avéne will help you.’ Callista held her hand.
Anna stood back, no idea what to do. They had to leave. Where was Gordian?
Ketrass’ scruffy black hair hung across her face as she threw cushions and blankets upon the floor. Gílana sat on them with Callista behind her, up against the sofa.
‘Are you comfortable, Gílana?’
‘Do I look comfortable?!’
‘It’ll be all right, sis.’
‘It hurts, Anna. It hurts so much!’
‘I know, I know. You’ll be okay, I swear.’
A rumbling shook the room. The chaos outside suddenly seemed that much closer.
‘We’ll be all right. Gordian will find us a way out.’
Another rumble rattled through.
‘Was that—?’
‘Thunder?’
Callista wheezed. ‘It can’t.’
Anna approached the barred window and watched with horror as hundreds of dark shapes like rocks collided with the outer surface above them. So many, she couldn’t count. She froze, unable to speak.
‘What is it?’ Callista said from behind Gílana.
‘It’s . . . It’s a meteor storm.’
‘They aren’t meteors.’ Anna spun. Gordian stood in the open doorway, blaster in hand. He fell to his knees.
Ketrass ran to help him up. ‘What is it?’
He panted, ‘I couldn’t . . . reach the dock.’
‘Why not?’
‘Because . . . it’s gone!’
‘There’s no craft?’
‘There may be another way,’ he said. ‘I have a ground vehicle outside the building.’
Ketrass stood. ‘We can’t. We can’t move her now.’
‘I can.’ Gílana attempted to get up, but collapsed onto her back. ‘I can—’
‘No,’ said Ketrass. ‘You’re almost ready. The baby’s almost ready to come. We can’t risk you moving so much.’
Callista mopped her brow and struggled to her feet. ‘You’re both in distress. It’s what’s triggered the labour.’
‘I can carry her,’ Gordian said.
‘No!’ Ketrass told him.
‘What’s wrong?’ Anna asked, recognising fear as though the Crilshan was drenched in it.
Gordian looked to her.
‘What is it, Gordian?’
‘They’ve . . . They’ve followed us.’
‘Who?’ Callista said.
‘We know who,’ Anna said. ‘It’s Erebus. I can feel it.’
‘Impossible. How?’
She held out her arm. The black band pulsed and throbbed, blackness spreading through her hand where blood should have run.
‘Anna, no.’
‘What?’ Ketrass said. ‘What is it?’
‘The end of this world,’ Callista said. ‘I’m too weak. I cannot think. We need to leave.’
Gílana cried aloud in pain. ‘Let’s go then!’
‘We need to leave before this baby comes.’
Another crash from outside. Gunfire and screams and sirens below. They all gazed out as a deep roar filled the room. The farthest dome collapsed in, smoke and blood-red fog spread over the clear barrier above.
‘They’re coming,’ Gordian said, his ever present calm washing away.
‘Coming for what?’ Ketrass asked.
Gordian approached the window and looked down into the street below. ‘Something’s coming this way.’
Callista ignored him and tended to Gílana. Ketrass looked towards them, then back to the crying girl. Anna stayed beside Gordian and looked out.
‘What can you see out there?’
‘A group of men. Something – no, Crilshans. They’re running. Running this way. Running from something. Quick,’ he said, turning to her and pushing he away from the window, ‘what else do you have besides that coilbolt?’
‘What did you see?’
‘Answer me!’
‘Rifles. Two of them. And whatever else you can find on those soldiers.’ The two Crilshans lay still in the open kitchen nearby. One was dead, the other still unconscious. Gordian approached the soldier and took off his belt, filled with additional ammunition. The solider opened his eyes and jumped up at once.
‘Get up now!’ Gordian dragged him up and seized the rifle from nearby, holstering his blaster. ‘Titan is under attack. You have minutes to live. Don’t spend them here. Vura!’
The Crilshan stood and staggered from the room.
‘What is it?’ Anna asked him. ‘What could you see out there? Tell me!’
‘I don’t know what it is,’ he said. ‘I don’t know. But it’s not human.’
Anna forced her way past him and gazed out to the escalating battle. The surrogate sun above faded. Lights in the apartment flickered on and off. In the piazza below, blasters and coilbolts flashed continually. Bodies lay everywhere. Then she saw them.
Beasts.
Black beasts below.
Charging.
Killing.
Blood.
Fury.
‘Please, no. Please, NO! It can’t be happening. We left them. We left them!’
‘Anna,’ Gordian said. ‘Listen to me. They’re coming here. They’re coming for one of us.’
‘It’s me. They’re coming for me!’
Gordian took her face in his cold, shaking hands. ‘Stay here with your sister.’ And he charged from the room.
Ketrass was on her feet. Gílana was dripping in sweat, as was Callista. ‘The contractions have slowed,’ Ketrass said. ‘You may have a minute or so and then they’ll start again, Gílana. Can you hear me?’
‘Yes,’ she panted. ‘It hurts so much!’
‘I know, sweetie. Hang in there. It’ll be worth it, trust me.’
Before long, the contractions began again and Gílana cried out. No baby yet, but she was close. She had to be.
Anna gazed out the window. Black beasts rampaged across the city. Men below fought back. She couldn’t see what Gordian had seen. Not human. Her eyes were heavy. Her legs weak. All her energy spent.
After several minutes Gordian hurtled back into the apartment. ‘That thing,’ he said breathlessly. ‘It’s coming!’
‘How far?’ Callista asked.
‘Minutes away.’
‘And the beasts?’
‘The beasts,’ he said. ‘They’re still down there. They haven’t entered the building. Whatever is it, it looks human. But it’s not. It’s coming alone.’
‘I was right,’ Anna said. ‘It’s coming for me.’
‘Show me your arm,’ the old woman said. ‘Show me!’
Anna reluctantly pushed her sleeve up. Blood pounded through her. Her arm was filled with veined strands, blackened and throbbing.
‘Hell on Earth!’ Ketrass cried. ‘What is it? What’s wrong with you?’
‘Ever since Erebus,’ she said. ‘I—’
Gílana screamed again. But it was not a scream of pain. It was a scream of terror.
They each turned slowly to the apartment door. It was open. But blocked by a figure. It looked almost human. It was tall and thin with a body draped in cloth of dark gold.
Nobody moved.
Gílana whimpered.
‘Shhh,’ Callista said. ‘Anna . . .’
The figure stepped in.
Gordian threw himself forward, rifle in hand. He fired twice and missed. The humanoid forced him aside like he was nothing more than a child. The Crilshan landed on his front in the middle of the room. The thing stepped past Gílana, Ketrass, and Callista. It looked to Anna.
‘It’s coming for me!’ She backed away, up the steps.
It followed slowly.
Gordian was on his feet again. He leapt in front of it yelling, ‘Me! Come for me!’ He swung the rifle out.
The creature dodged it faster than possible, then reached out, picked him up by his neck, and launched him across the room and over the kitchen counter. He landed askew, unmoving.
The humanoid looked back to Anna with deep golden eyes, glancing aside at the whimpering women. It moved again towards her. She ran up the steps, tripping and turning, whimpering and weak. The apartment spun.
She reached the top, scrambling down the corridor and into her bedroom. No way out. Nowhere to turn. She aimed her coilbolt at the window and fired, shattering the glass. She breathed out, slammed her door shut, and fired at the iron bolt’s lock. It broke as her bedroom door slammed open. She forced her way out onto the balcony.
Down below, fire and smoke covered the city. Sirens, screams, and the rattle of gunfire filled the air. Hovercraft soared below and up high, assaulting countless skeletal beasts now rampaging wild upon the helpless inhabitants, Crilshan and Titanese suffering side by side.
Glass crunched behind her. She turned to see the creature emerge. It was huge, hairless, with those powerful, golden eyes. She backed up to the edge. The being stopped. It looked down upon her, and stretched out its hand, palm open.
‘What do you want?!’ she cried.
‘CONTROL!’ the creature cried with a deep, rolling utter. ‘Give it to me!’
Her wrist shook. She gripped it tight. Did it want the bracelet?
‘How? How?!’
‘Give it to me! I am Masterium. GIVE IT TO ME!’


SIXTY-SEVEN




ANNA CLOSED HER eyes, the world around her spilling by. Biting wind tore through her hair. The creature stepped closer, hand outstretched. It wanted the bracelet. But she didn’t know how to give it.
‘I am Masterium!’
She closed her eyes, listened to the raging battle. This creature was tearing her home apart. It wasn’t here to help. It wanted the bracelet. The evil voice at the centre of Erebus. Could it be . . .
‘GIVE IT TO ME!’
She heard the Accentaurian’s words: ‘You will lose everything.’
Starting and ending with my life?
She dragged her feet to the very edge.
So be it.
Anna turned and stepped off the balcony. She surrendered to her fate. Her heart jumped into her throat. The city around her blurred into one great shadow. But she did not plunge far. Her feet struck something hard, launching her back up. She landed on her back. She was on the balcony again. The humanoid was waiting.
The air rose up around her. Dark metal lifted from beneath. The wail of an engine joined. Blaster fire! Coilbolt bursts! The entire glass window shattered. The creature staggered forwards. Then it stopped.
Before them both a craft ascended, its side compartment wide open. Diego Ferranti stood within, anger in his eyes, coil and blaster firing fiercely. Anna remained lay on her side, covering her ears. The humanoid above her charged forwards, dodging the attack. But Ferranti concentrated his fire, sending it back against the wall, an imprint in bright red blood left up against it.
But the creature was not finished. It carried on, eyes focused on her. It wanted the bracelet, and it was going to get it. Ferranti fired again and the blaster took the creature’s arm completely off. It screamed a deep howl of agony and reached for Anna, lunging forwards—
The craft above spun horizontally, its tail end missing Anna and striking the gold-clothed being onto its back. With one arm it reached out one last time for Anna, took hold of her wrist. She rolled away, back towards the edge.
‘RETURN!’ the creature said.
‘I . . . what?’
‘RETURN!’
‘I don’t—’
It rolled onto its side. Towards her. Past her. Over the edge of the balcony. As it plunged to its death, Anna could make out its cry once more. ‘RETURN!’ And it faded into the wind like dust.



*   *   *

‘Anna!’ Ferranti cried through the surrounding noise from the craft above. He leaned out of the carrier and pointed into the apartment.
‘Ferranti! How?’
‘Anna, get back inside! Down the steps. Make sure no one is upstairs!’
She did as she was told and grasped her coilbolt, staggering over broken glass, through her bedroom, and down into the apartment. She knew what they were going to do. There was nowhere else to land the craft.
At the bottom of the steps, Callista lurched toward her. ‘Quick,’ she said. ‘Behind me!’
‘No, it’s all right,’ Anna said. ‘It’s gone. Whatever it was, it’s gone.’
‘Gone where?’
Behind her, Gílana continued to cry out in pain. Louder, it would seem, than before. Gordian lay, out cold, in the kitchen, where Ketrass sat beside him, repeating his name.
‘Down!’ Anna shouted and she pulled Callista behind the couch, covering Gílana with her own body.
The room shook; the sound of an engine enveloped the small space. Debris fell from the level above as Ferranti’s craft drove its way into the place where once three bedrooms had been. Metal emerged at the top of the steps. The craft’s side compartment opened and a set of stepladders dropped where the stairs once were.
Ferranti plunged into the room. He was thin, so thin, with sunken eyes and a grave look upon his face.
‘Only in heaven,’ Callista said.
‘Where’ve you been?’ Anna asked.
‘Out there, following a single beacon. We saw the moon and fled. It followed us back.’
Then, from behind Ferranti dropped Xerin Kramer. He too was armed, dressed in a Crilshan military uniform with his face covering concealing his non-Crilshan eye. He stared at each of them.
With a groan, Gordian sat up slowly. Ketrass left his side and embraced Kramer tightly. ‘I thought you were dead.’
‘Not yet,’ he said.
‘We don’t have time for this,’ Callista said. ‘The baby’s going to come. We need to get out of here.’
As she spoke, several military hovercraft darted past the tower, discharging rockets and blaster-fire at the building parallel. Black-boned organisms scaled the outside of the tower. Many were cut down but the rest continued up.
‘They’re coming for me,’ Anna said. ‘They must be! That thing wanted this.’ She held out her hand.
‘Quick,’ Ferranti said. ‘We need to cover the corridor outside.’
‘I’ll do what I can,’ Gordian said, heading for the door. Blood trickled down his forehead. Ketrass followed him out, picking up the second rifle.
‘Callista, stay with Gílana,’ Ferranti told her. ‘Have her hold on as long as she can.’
‘Where are you going?’
‘Kramer. Anna. Come with me.’ He headed through the rubble and pushed his way into what was left of the once-hidden vault.
‘It’s no use,’ Anna told him, following the two through into the room. ‘They found it. They destroyed it.’
‘No!’ he said. ‘There must be some way.’ He began pushing aside broken panels and metal debris.
‘It’s no use, Diego!’
‘I am not giving up!’ he said, pushing over everything he could. ‘Kramer, help me!’
The professor joined him. Anna watched them struggle desperately. She was so glad Ferranti was back – even a little at the sight of Kramer. He was right. They couldn’t give up. She turned her head, able to hear her sister crying outside. She wanted nothing more than to go to her. This was her fault. That creature had come for her, for the bracelet trapped around her wrist. She had to help fix this.
There must be some way!
‘Here!’ Kramer shouted. ‘A light! There is a connection here somewhere.’
Ferranti followed the light to a power source at the back. ‘Here, take this,’ he said, handing Kramer a group of wires. ‘We need access to comms, visi-comm preferably.’
‘That panel there,’ she said. ‘Behind you!’
He reattached what he could, switched the power on, and stood back as an image materialized on one half of a broken screen between them. It was the docking city. It was gone. The picture pointed up at black smoke. Dark bodies moved everywhere.
He switched the image. The Martial City. The three shared a stunned silence. The city was consumed. More and more of the beasts poured in, breaking into every section, destroying everything they touched.
The image moved again. Central City. The piazza outside Central Tower had been reclaimed by Crilshan soldiers. Dozens of beastly bodies lay still, surrounded by blood. It appeared every last soldier, Titanese and Crilshan, was barricading the entrance gates, piling wreckage into barriers. The beasts upon the other side were throwing themselves at the gate. They were going to get through.
‘Diego?’ she said, horrified.
‘We have minutes,’ Kramer said. ‘Let’s just figure this out.’
‘You know those things,’ Ferranti said. ‘More than anyone, you know!’
‘I know less than you think.’ Kramer leant back. ‘They were dormant when we found then. Very quickly they emerged from hibernation when exposed to our environment. They adapted quickly. Seven to eight feet in height, each with two horns on their skull, half a meter to a meter in length. They were deadly, purely carnivorous—’
‘We don’t need a description,’ Ferranti said. ‘We need to know how to fight them.’
‘It’s simple,’ Kramer replied. ‘We can’t.’
‘Then what?’
‘They weren’t sapient,’ Kramer said. ‘They weren’t intelligent. My studies suggested they were instinctual creatures, following each other, pure impulse.’
‘And commands,’ Anna said.
Kramer glared. ‘What?’
Anna held her wrist towards him. The silver-black band, now part of her, still shook, gleaming before them, dark strands covering her palm and striking through to the elbow.
‘That,’ he said. ‘You found it inside Erebus.’
‘As soon as I put it on, they did as I wanted.’
‘They listened to you?’
‘I commanded them.’
‘So who’s commanding them now?’
‘That thing. It called itself Masterium. It wanted the bracelet. Could it—’
—Titan! came a voice as though from nowhere.
‘Who was that?’ she said.
—Titan, are you there? It was muffled, coming from beneath the rubble at their feet. This is . . . Abacco . . . can you . . . me?
‘A speaker!’ Ferranti reached down among the wreckage. ‘There must be an external connection!’ He kicked away a plank of metal and exposed a loudspeaker unit. He reach around to the panel behind and altered the visi-comm so that it presented a block of large letters. ‘Come on, there must be a way. Come on – yes! We’re linked. Alignment fleet! Titan is here, are you receiving this?’
—This is the Achakachula. We hear you!
 He checked the scanner again. ‘It’s them!’ he cried.
‘Who?’ Kramer said.
‘All of them!’
‘Who?!’
‘The Alignment.’
‘How?’
‘Let me see,’ Anna said, pushing through. ‘He’s right!’
Ferranti laughed. ‘Enusti war craft! Crilshan barrages! Proverian carriers!’
‘How many?’
‘Dozens! Titanese too. Samosian. Mar-Andran. They’ve come!’
Anna laughed. And then a voice entered through the damaged comm link. It was a poor sound, but the strength echoed around them, sending shivers down Anna’s spine like only one voice ever could.


SIXTY-EIGHT




ALARMS AND SIRENS. Yells and screams.
Ruben Berenguer and Yux Dishan crossed the threshold of the Achakachula’s viewing centre, armed and uniformed, to a panoramic vision of hell. The Enusti flagship had inserted itself into Titan’s orbit and the viewing centre crew stared in horror at what awaited them.
The black-rock moon had beaten them here.
Meteors, hundreds of them, poured from within the moon, down towards Titan’s surface, vanishing into the blood-red haze, down towards the Twelve Cities.
A number of ships followed behind the Achakachula, all the remnants of the hidden Alignment. All had followed the Enusti flagship from Samos. Most were Enusti and Crilshan, though various other interstellar spacecraft, both military and civilian, had followed the ultimatt path.
Adelaide Abacco strode the length of the viewing centre ‘General! What are you doing here?’
‘This is my world,’ he said.
‘Your world is ending. There is nothing we can do for it.’
‘I refuse to believe that for a second!’
‘I did not wish to come here. Heading for Earth was our hope. The moon has beaten us here. Your people are lost. Face it.’
‘No. Contact them. Send a message. There must be survivors.’
‘And what can we do for them?!’
‘Something. We must do something! There are millions down there. We cannot abandon them!’
‘They are lost, General!’
The Empress’ commander, Balvyn-Rath, interrupted. ‘We have attempted contact. All open channels are filled with the black-rock moon’s signal. We cannot get through.’
‘Then use a private wavelength,’ Ruben said.
‘Whose?’
‘Mine!’ He strode the length of the viewing centre to Balvyn-Rath’s private panel-pane and entered his secure key. ‘There is a connection. We can speak.’
‘Titan!’ Abacco cried. ‘Titan, are you there? Can you hear me, Titan? Anybody? This is Empress Adelaide Abacco. Can you hear me?’
Nothing.
‘There is nothing we can do, General. I am truly sorry. We must leave.’
‘No.’ Yux Dishan crossed the room. ‘Send down what crafts you have. Save as many as possible.’
‘My ship—’
‘Take the fleet into Saturn’s orbit. The Achakachula can lead them over the disc. Avoid the black moon until they know we’re here.’
‘They know we’re here,’ Balvyn-Rath answered.
‘You’re sure?’ spoke the Empress.
‘Absolutely.’ He adjusted the great projection before them and angled it towards the black-rock moon. Meteors were now headed for the fleet. Hundreds of them.
‘Take us round,’ Yux said. ‘Commander, course correct now!’
Balvyn gulped. ‘Central command, listen up! I need you to adjust your path. Follow the route I’m sending through.’ In seconds the piloting team at the centre of the vessel had adjusted their path. The rest of the fleet followed suit.
‘Make the leap,’ Abacco said. ‘Get us out of here!’
‘No!’ both Ruben and Yux cried together.
‘How dare—’
—Alignment fleet! A voice entered the bridge. Titan is here, are you receiving this?
‘I know that voice,’ Ruben said. ‘Diego, is that you?’
—Ha! General?
‘It is me.’
—I don’t believe it!
‘Believe it and listen, Captain. We’re going to do what we can for you. Who else is there?’
Silence. His heart hammered his chest, breathing struggling to slow. He was certain: his family was not down there. He was not that lucky. Then again . . .
—Uncle?
His heart fluttered. ‘Anna?’
—I’m here, I’m fine. So is Gílana and Callista. We’re down here.
He could hear her weeping. ‘Listen to me, Anna. I love you. I love you all.’
—General. It was Ferranti again. General, there are several of us down here. Many more are trapped in Central City. We have a craft. We’re going to move. Is it safe? I have no access to scans of the surrounding area.
‘The atmosphere is compromised,’ he said. ‘We’re manoeuvring around Saturn’s rings. Titan is compromised. We do not have the strength to take her back.’ As he said the words his mouth grew dry, his body shivering, his pulse unrestrained.
‘We have to deploy missiles,’ Abacco said.
‘Over my dead body!’
‘Don’t tempt me, General!’
The Empress held his gaze. His eyes stung, but he knew she was right.
—There is no way to stop these creatures, Ferranti said. No way without taking the Twelve Cities along with them.
—Then how? Anna said.
Ruben smiled hearing her voice again.
—We can’t kill them all, Ferranti said. We can’t take back Titan. It’s lost. We have a craft. The Stellarstream is still in orbit inside Hyperion.
‘Then take the craft,’ Ruben said. ‘Keep the connection using this private frequency.’
‘We will send every missile we have,’ Abacco said. ‘We will destroy every last alien and spare the people a horrendous fate. I’m sorry, General. Titan’s fall has come.’


SIXTY-NINE




‘THEY’RE GOING TO destroy Titan.’ Anna marched back through from the vault, Ferranti and Kramer trailing behind.
‘What?’ Callista said, still knelt down with Gílana, who whimpered quietly, breathing deeply and gazing up.
‘There is a fleet above us,’ Ferranti said. ‘They’re going to destroy the Cities in order to contain these things.’
‘Callista,’ Anna said. ‘He’s alive!’
‘Who, child?’
‘Ruben! Uncle Ruben!’
‘You spoke to him?’
‘Yes! He’s up there, with the fleet.’
Callista beamed, and looked down to Gílana. ‘Did you hear that? We’re going to see him again.’
Ferranti cleared his throat. ‘Here’s the plan.’
At once, Gordian and Ketrass rushed back into the apartment. ‘They’re coming!’
‘How many?’
Ketrass rushed to the window.
‘All of them. They’ve stormed the city. Beasts everywhere. And worse.’
‘What?’
Gordian grimaced. ‘Zinn, Diego. The Zinn are here.’
‘You have seen them?’
‘They’re leading the beasts, bringing them this way.’
The Zinn. Sinister creatures. Their deep rattle. Creators of the black beasts below. Abandoned Erebus for the lightning planet. Reconnected. Called for their Masterium. Come for Anna!
‘They’re climbing the tower!’ Ketrass said. ‘They’re coming for us!’
‘Then we’re leaving.’ Ferranti knelt down to Gílana and Callista. ‘Now, Gílana, we’re going to have to move you. It’s not safe, but it’s safer than staying here.’
Anna followed his gaze, still clutching her sister’s hand; her pulse was weak, her face pale. She knew they would have to leave. It was the only way.
‘Everybody now,’ Ferranti said. ‘We’re boarding the craft.’
Gordian smiled. ‘The same seven that arrived together, now leave together.’
‘Yes,’ Callista snapped. ‘How ironic!’
‘No!’ Kramer said all of a sudden. ‘You fool, no!’
‘What?!’ Everybody turned to the professor.
‘I’m a fool,’ he said. ‘I should have remembered! Fool!’
‘What is it?’ Anna asked.
But Kramer twisted on his heels and shot back through the tunnel and into the vault. Anna followed, Ferranti behind shouting, ‘Gordian, get the others onto the craft!’
Inside the vault, Kramer was at the comm panel, attempting to reconnect with the vessel in orbit. ‘Fool! Killed us all! Dead!’
‘Speak to me,’ Ferranti said.
‘We have to go!’ Anna pushed. ‘The Zinn are coming!’
‘Help me reconnect,’ he said, and Ferranti assisted. The sound of static, screams, and panic filled the vault. ‘The Enusti ship. We must link with them.’
‘Here,’ said the captain, ‘emergency code. Send it.’
Ten seconds passed, then:
—Titan, are you there?
‘We’re here!’ Kramer said. ‘You have to stop!’
—This is Ruben Berenguer speaking. Missiles are ready to launch. Why haven’t you left?!
‘You can’t!’ Kramer cried, leaning into the comm-link.
—We have no choice. Several crafts have made it out. You too must—
‘No, that’s not what I meant. You won’t be able to destroy the cities. I know for a fact that the defences you once had have been doubled in strength. The Crilshan general informed me himself! Any assault you make doesn’t have a chance of reaching the domes, never mind destroying the beasts inside here!’
—Are you sure? Defences have done nothing to stop the meteors!
‘I am positive, General! There is a different defence system for space debris. The Crilshan forces left it untouched. But your missiles will be useless!’
‘Come on, we have to go,’ Anna pleaded.
Ferranti waved her down.
Silence as Kramer’s body shook almost as much as Anna’s. The Zinn were coming for her. For all of them. For the bracelet?
—Captain! Ruben eventually replied. Ferranti?
‘I’m here.’
—Is what this man says true?
‘On this day,’ he said, ‘I have no reason to doubt him.’
—Help me, Diego.
‘General?’
—Bring me my family.
Ferranti breathed out. ‘We’re on our way.’
He took Anna’s hand and pulled her away. If Kramer was right, what could they do? If they managed to get away, these things would take Titan and kill everybody. Back into the apartment, Ketrass stood before them, rifle in hand.
‘They’re here,’ she whimpered.
Anna gasped, looked out the window into glowing darkness. Clinging to the outside and staring within was a dark figure, horns protruding from the length of its body, silhouetted against the smoke and pale light, burning red behind.
Ferranti whispered, ‘Anna. Xerin. Avéne. Climb. The. Ladder.’
Anna’s arm throbbed, prickling agony. She swooned. Ketrass held her up. She remembered the beast inside Erebus, the Zinn below Tempest-Beta. Noise attracted them more than anything. They inched towards the ladder leading up into the craft. Ketrass climbed first.
‘Quiet,’ Anna whispered.
She made it half way up, then Anna followed. Kramer stood below, ready to climb. Ferranti moved behind him, coilbolt in hand. Light and fire flashed outside the window. Anna watched the eerie figure. It gazed in at her, unmoving. Zinn. It was one of the Zinn.
Ketrass was up. Anna was almost there when her wrist shook painfully, electric spikes shot up her arm. She lost her grip and toppled back—
Ketrass seized her hand and held her up. Her heart pummelled her ribcage. At last she was up. Kramer followed. Ferranti came last, slamming the hatch behind him.
‘Stay with Gílana,’ Ferranti told her. ‘She needs you. Strap yourselves in, everyone!’ And he rushed for the controls. Gordian and Kramer were already in co-pilot seats. Anna sat at the back of the cockpit with Callista, Gílana, and Ketrass. Gílana was pale, her face creased in everlasting pain.
‘Think about the baby,’ she told her. ‘Think about Uncle Ruben. We’re going to see him again.’
‘I don’t . . . can’t . . .’
A deep roar filled the space. Ferranti forced the craft’s engines to full. The apartment shook beneath them. Anna’s stomach floated as they moved forwards, before free falling for several seconds after which Ferranti pushed the craft up and across the dome’s cityscape.
‘Hold on!’ he said to the group. ‘Auxiliary tunnels are blocked. We’re breaking through to the martial city!’
Anna watched Kramer lean towards the captain. ‘Listen to me,’ Kramer said. ‘Their missiles will do nothing to stop these things. Not with the defences online. They need to level these domes. These beasts must be destroyed.’
‘We don’t have time,’ Ferranti said.
‘One minute. That’s all it’ll take!’
‘We both know it takes longer to shut the cities’ defences down.’
‘Not if you drop me and leave!’
Ferranti hesitated, and looked at the professor.
‘Turn around,’ Kramer said. ‘Go back to the top of Central Tower. Drop me there and go. I’ll do the rest.’
‘No!’ Ketrass cried.
Kramer turned to her, and looked for a moment at Anna and Gílana. ‘I can’t make up for the things I’ve done. But I can make sure every one of these vile creatures burns with me!’
‘You can’t,’ she said. ‘I won’t let you!’
‘Do it!’ he told Ferranti, who turned the craft and headed back for Central Tower.
‘I hope you know what you’re doing, Kramer.’
Anna watched as Ketrass fought Gordian’s iron grip, glowing red and holding back tears. Kramer moved over to them and quickly removed his dark facial covering. Trembling, he handed it to Ketrass, who took it, shaking her head with an unforgiving glare.
‘I’m sorry we couldn’t go home together,’ he said. ‘But at least you have seen mine.’
‘What about all we talked about? What about destiny? What about control?’
‘Avéne. Dear Avéne.’ He smiled. ‘What greater control can a man have than to choose the very moment of his death? Look after her,’ he said to Gordian, who nodded stoically.
The craft stopped. The hatch opened. Ferranti threw the professor a comm device. ‘Let us know.’
Kramer nodded and looked to each of them, before taking out his coilbolt, jumping from the craft, and stumbling down the platform walkway.
As the hatch slammed closed, Gílana let out a howl of anguish.
‘Gílana, what’s wrong?’ Anna held her hand tight.
‘Get us out of here!’ Callista said.
Ferranti spun the crafts on its axis and headed down for the next city.
Anna held her sister’s hand and mopped her brow. ‘You’re all right. You’re—’
‘It’s coming!’ she screamed. ‘I can’t stop – I’m not ready!’
‘Out of the way!’ Callista cried. She leant down to her, forcing Anna aside. ‘It’s too late. The baby’s here. Ferranti!’
‘We’re almost there!’
Anna fell back and looked to the cockpit. Ferranti and Gordian took them down towards the entrance to the martial city. Through the forward pane, thousands of black creatures swarmed into the city gates, charging at any sign of life. Several pockets of resistance remained on the periphery, swallowed up one by one. Chaos all around them as they moved closer to the ground. The dome edge approached. She looked away, panic and fear tensing her body.
‘Anna!’ Gílana cried. ‘Anna!’
‘I’m here. I’m here for you.’
‘Push,’ Callista said. ‘I need you to push!’
‘Anna I don’t want it to happen like mum.’
‘It won’t, sis . . .’
‘Gílana, push!’
‘She died having me. I don’t want to—’
‘Push!’
‘You won’t! Do as Callista says.’
‘It’s coming, child. Keep going!’
Gílana closed her eyes, her face awash with scarlet, fear, and agony. Anna looked down and recoiled as Callista looked up, her hands soaked in blood.
‘NO!’
The craft shook. They slid to the side. Anna held her sister and looked down. Gílana’s eyes were half open. She wept and cried out. Something was horribly wrong.
‘I don’t want to die! I don’t . . . mum . . . I . . .’
Ketrass knelt down beside. ‘Gílana, one more push. He’s here. He’s coming!’
‘Go on, sis. One more. You’ll be okay!’
‘No Anna . . . I . . .’ She closed her eyes and pushed one last time. And the wonderful, amazing, pure sound of wailing filled the craft. Anna looked down upon the baby boy. But . . .
The craft shook again as they passed the martial outpost. ‘Hold on!’ Ferranti cried as they emerged from the cities and out into Titan’s blood-red atmosphere.
Anna looked down at the baby. It was crying and whining, covered in shimmering blood. But it was not on its own. She looked to Gílana, whose eyes were still closed. ‘You did it.’
‘Gílana?’
Callista’s voice sent a shiver through Anna’s entire body.
‘Get her to talk, Anna.’
‘Sis . . . I . . .’
‘Gílana, wake up! Talk to me, child! CHILD!’
‘No, no. Gílana, wake up!’
Anna started to shake her.
Ketrass leaned over and felt her pulse. ‘She’s not breathing!’
Callista held the baby in her shaking arms as Ketrass leaned forward, attempting to help Gílana breathe. But Anna fell back, shaking, unable to do anything but sit and watch.
—Can you hear me? came a voice suddenly from the cockpit. It was Kramer. Can you hear? I’ve done it. Defences are down. If the fleet can hear, you can go. I’ve done it!
‘I hear you,’ Ferranti said. ‘Allied fleet, defences are down.’
‘Gílana!’
‘Defences are down. Are you receiving?’
It was all background noise. Anna couldn’t move. It had happened again. Her sister was gone. The only sound that filtered through was the innocent wailing of a fatherless, motherless new born. Born into what?
‘They’re firing now!’
‘GÍLANA! CHILD, WAKE UP!’
‘Callista?’
The old woman looked across, shaking her head, denying what had happened right in front of them. Dazzling light fell upon the cockpit. They shook on their knees. All closed their eyes. Everyone but Anna, who gazed down at her sister’s still body as Callista shielded the crying child. And then the wailing ceased.


IV

SOMETHING IS COMING


SEVENTY




UP ABOVE THE spinning world, rings of ice and rock ablaze. Black stone fills the atmosphere, hurtling down to the surface. Plunging into the disintegrating disc. Careering away into the gap between worlds.
But the black-rock moon continues on.
Silence creeps through it. A still beating as we move along the black-rock floor of these tunnels, passing pits and mines and hollows flowing with darkness unutterable. A low rumble grinds the gravel of this black-rock lair. The scurrying of creatures resonates around us. Cold and alone.
Scuttling creatures call out to each other. Quiet, but loud enough to hear. They are cautious. For there crawl stronger and more blood-thirsty beasts within these tunnels than they. The darkness is suffocating. It is all they know. The pungent smell of rot and decay among the outer mines. The centre glows warm.
Stop. A sound. Movement. A writhing growl. A great worm snakes its way between chambers, milling the tunnels we now move silently through. The great worm consumes the light, then passes.
Through this chamber now and into the next. A light glows ahead. Much greater than its predecessor, within this central chamber is held the source of the Masters’ power. A dozen creatures move through. The central chamber. A black orb glows ominous before us, like a black sun abandoned to burn alone.
The slender being glides toward the black sun, risen on its hind legs, as tall as the lesser Zinn but fairer – stern-faced and proud. Dark red blood leaks from its elbow. Nothing hangs below it. A limb torn off by this new race. This vermin with fire.
The slender being is tended to by lesser creatures. It waves away the horned Zinn, which retreats with a snarl and a rattle into the shadow. Failed. They have failed to retrieve it. The reason they have come. Still without control. Failed.
No choice now. Continue on. The inhabitants of this black-rock moon are many, and they dare not deviate from their purpose. Their one purpose. The final world is close now. The final fate of this vermin race at hand.


SEVENTY-ONE




LUCASTA-CALLISTA OPENED her eyes. Stirred from a restless, unquenched sleep. She sat back in a sickbay chair, padded at the rear, and watched Anna sleep in the bed nearby. She closed her eyes again and breathed out silently, praying that the girl would sleep just a little longer. Callista dreaded having to break the news. The terrible, heartbreaking truth.
Sleep. Sleep a little longer. A dreamless sleep, soft and innocent. It will certainly change the moment you wake.
Nobody came to visit. Not in all the hours they had been aboard the Stellarstream, leaping with what remained of the Alignment fleet, as far from Titan and the black-rock moon as the ultimatt engines and time itself would allow.
As the Alignment fleet had launched and decimated the entire Twelve Cities – she stopped and shuddered at the thought – as it had happened, their craft had headed at once for the clandestinely-docked Stellarstream. At the same time, communication with the orbiting fleet was kept, a swift strategy formulated, and the command to flee given. Callista sent coordinates; they were accepted and the overwhelmed remains of the Alignment made for the frozen moon of Jupiter. Europa. Callista would, at long last, be going home. The structure beneath the moon was long gone, but the glacial caverns themselves would provide safety while they regrouped. At least for a little while, she hoped.
She opened her eyes again when she heard Anna stir. Her stomach churned. The young girl’s eyes opened and for several seconds the two stared at each other. What could she say? How could she find the words?
‘C . . . Callista?’
She pulled herself up from the chair and threw herself across the room, catching Anna as she sat up and fell forward.
‘It was all just a dream, wasn’t it? Tell me it was one of my nightmares!’
‘It was one of you nightmares. Yes. Yes! It was a horrible, unfair nightmare!’
‘But it wasn’t, was it? It happened. My sister’s gone. Gílana’s gone! Like mum . . . and dad. I’m alone.’
‘No, Anna. No! I am here. I’ll always be here!’
Callista held her for what felt like hours, cradling her as they wept together, a dry, swelling lump filling her throat. How could she tell her the truth? Please, please don’t ask.
In the end Anna released her and leaned back, sitting up against the yielding headboard. Her cheeks were red and her eyes swollen; her hair was untidy, and her face gaunt and colourless. Anna swallowed deep. ‘Is the baby . . .’
‘The baby is . . . fine, Anna.’
‘But Gílana is . . .’
‘I’m so sorry. Gílana is . . . yes.’ She couldn’t say it.
Anna swallowed again. ‘Why isn’t Uncle Ruben here yet? I heard him. He’s with the fleet.’
‘Anna, you need to rest—’
‘Why isn’t he here? We’re with the fleet, aren’t we? With the Alignment ships? Where is he?’
‘Anna, I can’t.’ Callista closed her eyes. She couldn’t speak.
‘Where is Uncle Ruben?’
‘Anna. Child. He’s gone.’
Silence. Neither spoke.
Anna stared into the old woman’s eyes – searching, penetrating, hunting for the truth. But that was the only truth. Her heart beat in her throat. She felt lightheaded. Adrenaline throbbed through every part of her, daring her to say the words. My little Ruben.
‘Tell me.’
Callista looked back up to her. The young girl was no longer crying. Her expression was staid, emotionless, her eyes glistening.
‘Tell me . . . please.’
‘I can only say it once.’
‘I only need to hear it once.’
Callista took her hand. ‘He heard it, Anna. He heard it all. The communication link we received – the one in his vault – it was open, all the way until we reached the Stellarstream. It was only one way when we were on the craft. He couldn’t tell us, but the fleet, they could hear everything that happened as we escaped. He heard your sister give birth. And then.’ She stopped.
‘Please,’ Anna said. ‘Go on.’
‘They . . . They say he went mad. He was helpless, unable to cope with hearing his own flesh and blood die while he stood there, just listening. They told us everything. He stopped, and . . . and in the end his heart gave out. He c . . . collapsed.’ Anna squeezed her hand, looking down, telling her to go on. ‘He died there and then. There was nothing anyone could have done.’
Anna looked up. ‘Liar. It’s your fault.’
Callista’s hand left hers. She stood up and backed against the wall. A small sound left her lips. It was sheer hurt.
‘You’re wrong to say that, Anna.’
‘Am I? You pushed him into everything that he did. Everything that I’ve done. It’s Malizar’s fault. Peter Marx’s fault. The Iástrons brought this on us. I’m glad I have no echo. I’m glad I’m not one of you.’
‘I did everything I could for you and your sister. Everything I could for your uncle. I’ve spent most of my life caring for you. I haven’t hurt anyone, Anna.’
‘You’ve hurt me,’ she said.
Callista felt her eyes fill with tears. Her eyes locked with Anna’s. They had always been at odds, quarrelling, fighting. But this was the first time they had truly crossed words. And it hurt.
‘Have you seen his body?’ Anna asked. ‘Do you know for sure?’
Callista nodded. ‘It’s on the . . . he’s on the vessel from Enustine. They transmitted the image. We can see him once we reach Europa—’
‘I don’t want to see him!’
‘You don’t have to.’ She opened the ward door and went to walk out. ‘Whatever you want. It’s over now.’
‘But it’s not, though, is it Callista?’ Anna lay back down, rolling over and facing away. ‘It’s not over at all.’


SEVENTY-TWO




A PROCESSION OF metal mammoths ceased its leap. The great gas giant Jupiter, fifth planet from Sol, welcomed the vanquished fleet. Twenty-five surviving Alignment ships dove into the interior of Jupiter’s moon, Europa, where they split themselves between two great shelves of ice, several miles beneath the surface.
Titan had endured with five vessels of varying sizes and crews, while both Enustine and Crilshar possessed six ships each. What still existed of the other Alignment worlds and moons remained in about half a dozen other vessels. The Enusti-made Achakachula stood the most dominant of all.
Captain Ferranti, once again assisted by Gordian, set the Stellarstream down exactly where Callista had told him: on the ridge of ice not inhabited by Crilshar or Enustine. He understood. They did not want to get caught in the middle.
The path was arduous, the landing risky. Manually, the interstellar titans were virtually impossible to manoeuvre. Automatic detection was therefore employed. One ship was lost on the way down, but the rest held out against Europa’s hostile fissures.
Ferranti and Gordian watched the caverns around them through projection from the Stellarstream’s Control Centre. Callista was still in the medical bay, unable to leave Anna. Ketrass remained with the baby Berenguer in the captain’s quarters. Once more, the Stellarstream was without a crew. The Captain couldn’t wait until he could see Titan’s survivors and make sense of what had just happened. They were without a leader. Perhaps that placed him at the front. He ignored all such thoughts.
He had deliberately avoided visiting Anna. In fact he refused to deal with Ruben and Gílana Berenguer’s deaths at all. Grief would come later. He was lucky in that there was so much to do and to think about besides the disaster that had just taken place. They needed to stop and to think, and then to act.
Ferranti and Gordian stood in silence when the Enusti link rang through from the Achakachula. The face and shoulders of Empress Adelaide Abacco appeared upon the projection wall. Her face was painted a perfect white, her expression fearless, as though no genocide had swept through everything they knew to exist.
‘Captain of Titan,’ she said. Her eyes flickered towards Gordian, her lips pursed.
Ferranti bowed his head. ‘Empress.’
‘We require your presence upon the Achakachula at once.’
‘Of course,’ he said. ‘And what of the General?’ His voice almost croaked.
‘My sincerest apologies, Captain, for your people’s loss. You may take him with you upon your return. There are, of course, some surviving Titanese craft among our fleet. I imagine you will wish to gather yourselves and consolidate your forces.’
She glanced once more at Gordian. ‘Bring him with you. The chief surviving Crilshan vessel we have down here has been boarded. Its inhabitants are in our custody, as is the High Lord himself.’
Ferranti listened to Gordian breathe out heavily behind him.
‘I will gladly come across,’ he said. ‘We have much to discuss. This Crilshan, however, is in my custody and will therefore remain on my vessel.’ He paused for effect. ‘I will be with you shortly.’
The Empress turned away and switched off the link.
Without looking at Gordian, Ferranti strode from the control centre. ‘I suggest you return to my quarters,’ he said as he left. ‘You are still needed.’


SEVENTY-THREE




AT 11.30 THAT evening, Titan/Earth time – for many it was much later – Anna pressed her forehead against the cold metal wall inside the Stellarstream’s ultimatt hub-room. There remained one more torment to endure.
She thought about her first and only trip to the ultimatt hub, when her bracelet had forced the beautiful blue and purple light into darkness. She knew just what would happen were she to step down on top of the hub floor. Her arm quivered.
It was for that reason that Anna stood still at the top of the hub-room steps. She looked down at a room filled with people. Callista was at her side, but she did not say anything, and wept silently into withered palms. They hadn’t spoken at all about their confrontation. Anna was sorry, but Callista would not hear the words. Anna would not say them.
Below them stretched the vast room, filled with glass plates; and the shimmering blue, pure and wondrous, swelled into a deluge of surging light, rolling royal purple from one end of the room to another. Many of those stood upon the glass shifted nervously.
Diego Ferranti stood at the other end of the room, on top of an acting podium. He took a deep breath. ‘I have been asked to give word,’ he said. ‘We are all survivors. Survivors of the black-rock moon. But we cannot wait for rescue. Decision and action will be taken. The alien asteroid has been tracked. It passed by Jupiter not an hour ago. Destination Mars. But that is not why we are here.’
He looked to a platform above him, upon which lay two bodies swathed in golden blankets. ‘Death, for most men, becomes them. It is a trigger for praise. A trigger to romanticize. Myths and legends begin with death. But so too do evil memories. Death guarantees that people are not remembered as they once appeared to be. People will look, years from now, if any of us still be here, at these deaths: of a wonderful, brave girl, and a powerful, good man, and what will they remember? Will death dress them in clothes that no longer fit? It is a sign . . . a sign that a new stage has been reached. That all life begins again.’
He gazed across at Anna, and she stared at him, unmoving. Both pictured the baby in its cot.
‘And that is what we must do. This era will soon end. But will it be replaced by a better one? That is up to us. Here lie the two greatest examples I could ask for. They were better. We need to be better for them.’
A clear screen descended, masking their two swathed bodies as the platform lowered slowly through the top of the engine and, as was customary on Titanese vessels, into the ultimatt pool itself.
Uncle Ruben and little Gílana. It was only their bodies. Not them. Not them.
She refused to cry as she watched the bright blue flash of Peter Marx’s miracle creation. The ultimate form of matter, removing the final forms of the only people that ever mattered.


SEVENTY-FOUR




CALLISTA HAD BEEN asleep only three hours when the call came through from Ferranti. He was on board the Achakachula, where he had a serious dilemma to contend with.
Within twenty minutes she was aboard the Enusti flagship. Everybody was at their post and so nobody walked the Achakachula’s corridors. Ferranti met her on his way down to the private quarters of the Alignment leaders.
‘The lingering silence has finally broken?’ she said.
‘We won’t be able to stop word spreading,’ he said. ‘The black-rock moon has decimated the Martian Colony. We can’t leave here yet. We’re safe below Europa.’
‘That is how Master Marx made it.’
Ferranti stopped and looked out the nearby casement at a dark wall of ice. ‘If they knew where they really were . . .’
‘They don’t,’ she said. ‘As long as any human lives, it must remain that way. There are secrets buried down here that must remain buried.’
Ferranti nodded. ‘The Phantom Committee’s given its word. They’re commanding the fleet to prepare to leave Jupiter’s orbit and head away from Earth and Sol.’
Callista scoffed. ‘For the sake of mankind’s survival.’
‘Earth is to be abandoned to its fate.’
‘Yes, well,’ she said. ‘We shall see about that!’
The two walked on. They had discussed at length which route to take; and though they disagreed on how to go about it, both knew that to abandon Earth would be a death sentence for them all. Earth is where the greatest hope lay. The Phantom Committee was now leading the armada; it was they who would need to be persuaded to reconsider their current course.
‘How’s Anna?’ he asked.
‘I have no idea. She won’t speak to me,’ Callista said before stopping. ‘Now, you will enter the committee chamber, Diego. May your words and your strength be enough to dissuade them from this absurd notion of theirs.’
‘You aren’t coming?’
‘No. I must speak with Adelaide Abacco alone.’
‘You know where she is?’
Callista nodded determinedly.
Ferranti placed a hand on her shoulder. ‘Would you go out there . . . if you could?’
‘Out where?’
‘Home.’
She gazed away, picturing a life, long ago, down among glistening caves, surrounded by laughter and light. But she shook it off before she found herself too deep and looked him in the eye sternly. ‘I left Europa a lifetime ago. It is a home for no one now.’ She turned and walked away, through to the rear of the vessel. She knew what the Empress was. And she knew she would have to do something terrible in order to get the fleet to go to Earth.
*   *   *

Adelaide Abacco was alone. She stood gazing down from her balcony at her people gathered below, collecting food shares from the military teams. The Empress heard Callista approach and turned to face her.
‘I was wondering when you would show yourself,’ Adelaide said. ‘Your captain seems to care for your opinion.’
‘I am not going to hover over this, Adelaide,’ Callista said. ‘It was your vessel I sent Europa’s coordinates to. I’ve seen the recording of Ruben’s death. But I watched further. You accepted my coordinates instantaneously.’
There was no hint of concern in her face. ‘Tell me how you acquired them, old woman.’
‘No, Adelaide—’
‘You will address me—’
‘I will address you how I choose to, child. You would like to know how I acquired Europa’s coordinates. But I would like to know why we didn’t head to them.’
‘What ever do you mean?’
‘I mean, Adelaide, that I sent coordinates for Europa. I sent no coordinates for the caverns we currently occupy. You chose them by yourself.’
‘I’m not entirely sure what you are attempting to say.’
‘You know exactly what I’m saying.’
‘You’re ridiculous, verging on psychotic—’
‘You accepted the destination and used your own coordinates because you knew where they led to. You knew where they led to because you’ve been here before. You’ve been here before because you grew up here. I know this because so did I.’
‘I do not know how to reply to you, lady.’
Callista remained fixed. ‘I’m going to ask you to show me your arm.’
‘What?’
‘Your left arm.’
‘Don’t you know who I am?’
‘Show me your arm.’
‘Who do you think you are?!’
‘My name is Lucasta.’
Adelaide’s jaw dropped. Her lips turned blue. ‘Lucasta?’
Callista reached down and pulled up the Empress’ sleeve. A black Moon and Triangle was imprinted upon her wrist. ‘You, Adelaide Abacco, are a child of Europa. You, Adelaide Abacco, are a member of the Order of the Allied Moon.’
‘Not anymore,’ she said, and turned away. ‘As a child I was forced to. But I gave up that charge when I found my husband. When I had . . . my sons.’
‘What happened to them, Adelaide?’
She hung her head. ‘My husband . . . they killed him. My sons were c . . . captured. I . . .’ Callista took her hand and held it between both of hers. ‘My sons were taken,’ she said. ‘Tortured. They gave nothing up. They were so brave.’
Callista sighed. ‘We—’
‘The youngest was thirteen! He was a child. They are MONSTERS!’
‘You are hurting. Everyone is hurting. Why shouldn’t we? You lost your sons, your husband, your home. And now you look for somebody to blame. So do I. But exiling Yux Dishan at a time when we need everyone to stand together is the worst thing you could do. For everyone, especially yourself. And you know that. He does not appear to me like the Yux Dishan we have all heard about, does he?’
‘No,’ she admitted. ‘No, he doesn’t.’
‘He and his people will not survive long out there on their own. Taking his life will not ease your pain. It will only make it worse.’
‘It doesn’t matter,’ Adelaide said. ‘I cannot go back on my judgement. The Committee has made its decision. We are on a knife edge. I cannot look weak now.’
‘To be compassionate and merciful is not to be weak! That is humanity’s most paradoxical mistake. We are at a tipping point, yes. But you can be the one to change the way everybody thinks. Forever.’
Adelaide hung her head. ‘I cannot.’
Callista knew what she must do. This woman was damaged. If she led this fleet, then they were all damned.
‘I recall your echo was Spiritual, Adelaide. You saw your father after he died?’
She nodded, eyes staring out the window.
Callista leaned in and whispered, ‘You see your husband now?’
‘Y . . . Yes.’
‘And your sons?’
Adelaide wept.
‘After all this time,’ Callista said, ‘I think you deserve peace. To be with them. But you will not receive it here. Is it not better to find that peace than to face what is now so inevitable, to face what we have done . . . to face what we may yet do?’


SEVENTY-FIVE




ADELAIDE ABACCO LISTENED absorbedly to the trial of High Lord Yux Dishan. She knew what the result would be. She alone had made his fate certain. And with it, her own.
Stood alone watching through the casement above the backward engine, her hands pressed into one another, stone cold and shaking. She was old. Too old to do this. Behind her, the slow humming of the ultimatt hub echoed back and forth, soft and comforting. A mighty pounding in her heart at the thought which at that very moment struck her being.


Yux Dishan hung his head and listened. His judges were beside themselves. Several had left the great hall of the Achakachula for fear that they may act on behalf of the people they had lost. At the centre, Isil of Samos peered down upon him, pitiless eyes glowering.
‘Do you not see what you have done?’ spoke the prince.
Yux’s shoulders slumped. He made no reply.
‘I’ll tell you what you’ve done! You have made fighting those things impossible. Completely and utterly impossible! You and your breed have spread like a sickness, weakening every last pivot and structure throughout all Four Systems. And now there is no hope.’
‘I disagree,’ he said.
‘You do not think you are accountable?’
‘You misunderstand. I disagree. There is hope.’
‘But not for you, High Lord.’
Isil read out his crimes, one by one. Those seated around him spat and cursed whenever a particularly atrocious wrong was mentioned. The words were true, if not for him then at the very least for his family, for his people, their ancestors, and collaborators. He was willing to take responsibility for their crimes. He was Yux Dishan. All that was done had been done in that name.
When Isil finished he sat back. ‘Well?’
Yux spoke quietly, anxiously. ‘The crimes associated with my people are not the fault of my people,’ he insisted. ‘Punish me, not them.’
‘Your plea?’
‘I am . . . guilty.’
‘Your defence?’
‘I have none.’
The Committee and their peers looked to one another, almost surprised at his response. They leaned in and spoke quietly for some moments. Then the prince stood.
‘Yux Dishan,’ he said. ‘You will be escorted at once to your ship. There you will leave this fleet, forever exiled in shame for your crimes and the sins of your people. Those who choose to remain with you may do so. The rest will forfeit their right to decide their fate, and will join with a crew of this Committee’s choosing. All Crilshan vessels have been seized and will now serve the Alignment.’
Yux Dishan bowed. ‘I accept.’


Adelaide watched upon her screen as Yux Dishan boarded his vessel, some several dozen of the Dark Race following behind. In minutes the spiked craft had risen from the frozen depths. Yux Dishan would pay.
‘But he does not deserve it, does he, my love?’
Adelaide spun and peered, trembling, upon the warm face of her husband.
‘I needed you,’ she said.
‘And I am here for you.’
‘You’re not real. You’re a product of my echo. You died.’
‘My dear Adelaide. You have seen me many times now. You know I’m not. I have answered all of your questions. Now I have one for you.’
‘Anything, my love. Anything.’
‘Will you come with me?’
No thought gainsaid her decision. ‘Yes. Yes, I will.’
‘There is nothing more you can do for these people, Adelaide. Come. Come and join us.’
‘How do I do it?’
‘You will come with me.’
‘I can’t.’
‘You are an empress of the line of Barbaco. You can do anything you want. Your line stretches back to the rise of the four, so many centuries past. You are the last great leader these worlds have known. But everything ends. I know what your heart desires. I am here to tell you it is all right. You may do it.’ He held out his hand. She took it and followed him, almost in a dream.
‘Are they still waiting?’ she asked.
‘Your sons, my love, would wait forever.’ His smile melted her heart.
She followed him through the great screens of the ultimatt hub, down the many stairs, down onto the glass deck. Purple writhed beneath her. She gazed at her husband’s still form, dressed in stiff blue Enusti garb.
‘Do it,’ he said.
She obeyed, and activated the far hub shield. A heat filled the room like the fire within her. She grasped her husband’s strong hand and walked slowly towards the source of the heat. The purple and blue groaned beneath. Her heart pulsed through every part of her. Onto the lone shelf she stepped, her mind clear. She would be with them. The old woman was right. This was what she desired. This was appropriate.
The shelf began to descend as the shield closed over her, encasing her and her love in light. The engine was ready. So was she. Lower and lower. She closed her eyes, and breathed in, and burned, enveloped in blue flame. And, for a single second – her final second – it lasted forever, and she felt more power and greater peace that she could have imagined it possible to feel. Until the light was replaced by darkness.


SEVENTY-SIX




‘THIS PHANTOM COMMITTEE is astonished at your survival, Captain, and at your leadership.’
Deep within the Achakachula, Diego Ferranti smiled.
‘I was not alone,’ he replied. ‘I owe my life to others, living and dead.’
‘Owed or not, you deserve this position.’
Ferranti frowned. ‘Position?’
The square-jawed prince of Samos leaned back and crossed one leg over the other. ‘This is not yet known among the fleet, but you must know. Adelaide Abacco took her own life just over an hour ago.’
‘What?! How?’
‘Security recordings within the engine core discovered her end too late to stop her.’
‘People need to know,’ he said.
‘They will, Captain. But time is short. We need new leadership. You, Captain, are what we need.’
Ferranti had no idea how to react. He had no control over his thoughts right now. He had no idea what to do next, or what was best for his own people, never mind the entire Alignment. Leadership was the last thing on his mind. But then, without Crilshar or the madness of Adelaide Abacco to stop them, perhaps they would be able to go to Earth after all. He knew what Callista would say.
He cleared his throat. ‘I am honoured. If you would allow me time to consider.’
‘Of course,’ Isil said.
‘And I must ask for one condition.’
‘Go ahead.’
‘Do not move the fleet. Not yet.’
‘You have our word, Captain. No vessel will move until we all agree.’
‘Thank you, commanders.’
Ferranti turned to leave the room when a sturdy man with thinning hair stepped up and blocked his way.
‘Apologies, Captain,’ he said. ‘I am Enusti Commander Balvyn-Rath.’
‘How can I help you, Commander?’
‘There is something I believe you need to see.’
Ferranti agreed and followed the commander into the holding cells of the great Enusti vessel. Once down there, the commander opened the section allocated for solitary confinement. Dark cells without windows. Ferranti shivered at the memory of his own captivity. The door to one cell opened. Ferranti had the commander close the section door almost at once. Turning, he vomited down the adjacent wall. ‘Shit.’


*   *   *

‘Trade them for me,’ Anna whimpered. ‘Their lives for mine. Or just Gílana. She didn’t deserve to . . . to . . .’
She sat, wrapped in pale, thin bed sheets, no idea who she was talking to, bargaining with, pleading to. Her body was tense, unable to contain her grief anymore. Tears streamed down her face.
‘My fault. All my fault.’
She ignored the knocking on her door for several minutes.
‘It’s Ferranti,’ came the voice from the other side.
‘Go away!’
‘You need to come. You’ll wish you hadn’t missed this!’
He had her attention. She let him wait a little longer anyway. And when she eventually opened her door, Ferranti snatched her from her pit and half-dragged her down to one of the ship’s outlets. When she asked where he was taking her he refused to say. They entered a temporary tube tunnel and left the Stellarstream, heading across the makeshift bridge and into the Achakachula.
From there they entered the lower divisions of the ship, and trudged down into the solitary cells. A man in dark blue military attire joined them.
‘This is Commander Balvyn-Rath,’ Ferranti said. ‘He has something to show us.’
Anna’s hand shuddered. ‘What?’
Balvyn-Rath opened the closest cell door. Ferranti entered first, and Anna followed him into a small space, dimly-lit. She dropped to her knees almost at once, and inhaled deeply, almost forgetting to exhale.
A small body lay curled up in the far corner. Pale green and as tiny as a child, its keen ears raised up, and its head turned slowly. Anna edged towards the creature, head tilted to one side. It moved upon its knees and perceived her cautiously. She inched forward, smiled, breathing deeply.
Without taking her eyes off the creature, she said, ‘How did it end up here?’
‘We found it on board one of the Crilshan vessels,’ said Balvyn-Rath.
‘Alone?’
‘There were others,’ Ferranti whispered. ‘This is the only one that survived. The Crilshans were experimenting on the others. The Committee knows nothing about this yet.’
‘How did you know to get me?’
‘I didn’t, Anna. I went to Callista. She told me to fetch you. She said you’d know what to do.’
‘She did?’
‘I told you she trusts you.’ He smiled.
Anna held out her hand and reached across. The creature appeared frightened and backed up against the wall. ‘It’s all right,’ she said. ‘You’re the Sonii. I’ve met your kind before. I’m Anna.’
Her wrist trembled, telling her it understood. The creature moved forward almost at once, and rose tall before her. She remained knelt down, completely still, as it reached out with a tiny, ice-cold hand and took her wrist, lifted it high, and studied the silver-black band. It shuddered again.
‘Gilaxiad,’ it said, with a weak, faint voice like that of an infant.
Anna nodded. ‘Yes. You have come for the Gilaxiad.’
‘Yes. Yes!’
‘What is it? What is Gilaxiad?’
The Sonii leaned toward her and whispered into her ear, ‘You.’
She pulled back. ‘You have come for the Gilaxiad. You will take me?’
‘To the blue world.’
‘The . . . blue world?
‘To the green world.’
‘To Earth? You will take me to Earth?’
‘To the blue world. To the green world.’
‘That’s Earth. Take me.’
It raised both arms in a sort of assenting gesture. ‘Yes.’
Anna twisted on her knees and looked up at Ferranti. ‘We need to gather the others,’ she said. ‘Callista. Gordian. Ketrass. I need to talk to you all.’
‘What is it, Anna?’
‘The message. How could I forget?’
‘Anna?’
‘I don’t have a way to save Earth. But I think there may be someone who does.’


SEVENTY-SEVEN




NIGHT IN AVARIS city. What remained of the despondent crew of the Crimson Flux waited anxiously for a sign that their plan was taking effect. Their activities upon the city’s skyline had been widespread across all news broadcasts. Even the Von-comm made specific mention of the unknown star. All wanted to know who this mystery saviour was, and what it meant for the Rivers and the imminent Vontaura.
Lay upon the balcony of Vortan’s undisclosed apartment, Justus gazed up at what few stars could be seen through the city’s orange glow. Aíron Veryan lay on her back beside him. She smiled. It was nice to see.
‘Look at the moon,’ she said. ‘It’s so bright, and not even full.’
‘I’ll take you there one day,’ he said. ‘When all of this is over.’
‘I would love to, Antal. All of us together. You’re not going to leave us again, are you?’
He leaned on his side. ‘No, Aíron. I won’t leave you again. I’m sorry I had to go in the first place. I’m sorry you’re caught up in all of this. I promise, I will put everything right soon.’ At least, he hoped he could.
‘Once the Vontaura has come?’
‘Sooner, I think, that that.’
She sighed. ‘Vortan was right about the noise here. It’s different from the manor. So loud. So . . . cruel. The people here are suffering, aren’t they?’
Justus leaned away and gazed up at the stars again. ‘These people, the people of the Seven Rivers, they’ve known only what the Von provide, which for many years now has been less and less. For a long time safety was no issue. Neither was money or hunger. Now every day’s a struggle. And there’s only one thing to blame.’
‘Malizar,’ she said with a shudder.
‘It’ll only get worse, for the rest of the world and beyond, unless I stop him myself.’
‘Do you ever wonder – ever think – that things would be better . . . if Adra were here?’
‘I know they would, kiddo.’
‘Do you think you will ever see her again?’
‘I don’t know. I just want her to be happy. That’s all I ever wanted.’
‘Where do you think she is?’
Justus smiled. ‘I know where she is.’
‘Where is she, Antal?’
‘Where I first met her.’
‘Where’s that?’
‘Well,’ he said. ‘You’ve been. I took you there on our first night here.’
‘Jules Ditton’s club?’
‘I fell for her as soon as I saw her. Only, she belonged to Ditton. He’d bought her and other girls on Mars. She didn’t deserve it. So I took her.’
‘And swept her off to the stars? It sounds so romantic,’ she said.
Before Justus could reply, thudding footsteps sounded behind them. They spun as Noah charged out onto the balcony, face pounding with sweat and dread.
‘What’s wrong?’
‘You need to come.’
‘What is it?’
‘Come!’
They rushed back inside. The Von-comm was playing noisily. Vortan and Shree were sat, horrified. Noah moved over and took Shree’s hand.
‘What’s wrong?’ Justus asked.
‘Just watch, son,’ Vortan said, pointing to the visi-comm.
The Von-comm was displayed in visual mode. Justus fell to his knees. Upon the screen stood Lord Malizar. In a pure white room, his dark robes looked blacker than before, his power greater than ever.
‘You thought you had me, Peter Marx. But you made one mistake. You showed me your face in that stunt you pulled three nights ago. I knew I had seen it before. You broke into my estate some months back. I know what you broke in for. I know that you visited the Luna Athenaeum too. I know that you came to take your companions back.’
‘I knew it was all a mistake!’ Vortan cried.
‘And so I say it again,’ spoke the Dark Lord. ‘Peter Marx. I know you are out there. I know you wish to see me again. I know it was you that broke into my estate. I know it was you that burned the emblem of the Laxiad into the buildings of our great Avaris City. I know that you believe your companion to be dead.’
Malizar reached out and pulled the body of a young man into view.
‘No!’ Justus cried. ‘No!’
Aíron was on her feet. ‘Raj!’
‘No!’ Noah cried, gripping Shree tighter.
‘I have your companion, Peter. He is alive, more or less.’
Justus’ face burned blood red. His whole body shook. His head felt as though it could explode.
‘If you wish to see him again, I call you out. I will not come to you. You will come to me.’ He smiled. ‘You know where.’
The screen went black.
‘Don’t, Antal.’ Vortan rushed over to him.
‘Don’t what?’
‘Do as he says. Don’t rush to meet him.’
‘Because I’ll lose?’
‘Because it’ll be a trap!’
‘We have to save him though,’ Aíron said. ‘We have to do something.’
Noah stood. ‘She’s right. We can’t leave him.’
Justus shook his head. ‘No, we can’t. I’ll go.’
‘Not on your own.’
‘Son, you mustn’t!’
‘I have to! I can’t leave him.’
‘Don’t!’ Vortan said. ‘Don’t rush to meet him!’
‘My father’s not here. I need him and he’s not here.’
‘Just stay calm.’
‘How the hell do I do that?!’
‘Listen to me—’
‘I’m going!’
‘Don’t be absurd!’
‘I don’t care anymore. He’s not going to kill another of my friends.’
‘I won’t let you!’
Justus ran from the room, out onto the balcony.
‘ANTAL!’
‘Stay here, guys!’
‘ANTAL, NO!’
Justus threw himself from the ledge, down onto the balcony below. He was stronger now. Confident. Focused. Angry. It was a trap, but that didn’t matter. He leapt from balcony to balcony, before dropping into the street beneath. He clambered onto his motorized scrambler and disappeared into the night.


SEVENTY-EIGHT




BACK INSIDE, THE four were in panic. Shree Timbur sat, physically shaking, holding Aíron tight beside her. Noah paced rapidly from one side of the room to another, while Vortan disappeared into various rooms, rushing back and forth as though packing his bags, ready to leave.
‘We have to do something!’ Aíron said.
A small hope had saturated her entire being. She hadn’t felt like this in a long time. Not since before they had come here, back when Raj was with them. Hope. He was still alive. Still out there.
‘We have to—’
‘Quiet, everyone!’ Vortan rushed back into the main room. ‘He’s on his way! He’s almost here.’
‘Who is?’ Noah stood face-to-face with Vortan. ‘You knew how to contact Cathal all this time?’
‘Noah, listen—’
‘NO!’ He slammed his fist into the visi-comm, shattering the pane. Bloodied knuckles dropped to his side. ‘That’s all it is. Secrets! Lies! Shit!’
‘Noah.’ Cathal stood in the doorway, his silver sceptre shining in the apartment’s bright light. ‘No.’
‘What do you mean, NO?’ Noah wiped his bloody hand on his coat.
‘You three will remain here,’ Cathal said. ‘Are you ready, Lanfranc?’
Vortan crossed the room, placing a blaster and sabre into his belt.
‘You’re not leaving us!’ Noah said. ‘We have the chance to get Raj back!’
‘We will.’
‘All of us.’
‘No—’
‘We’re not staying.’
‘YES YOU ARE!’ Cathal stepped forward, enraged. ‘You will stay here as I say, and not go risking your own lives needlessly through selfish desires of gallantry! You will remain. If you come, I’m afraid that we’ll lose more than we can afford.’
Noah fell into the seat between Aíron and Shree. Vortan and Cathal left the apartment. The door slammed shut.
At once, Aíron jumped back to her feet. ‘We’re definitely going.’
‘Of course we are,’ Noah said, he and Shree on theirs.
Shree smiled, bear-hugged him so hard he left the floor. Weapons charged, they raced out of the apartment, up onto the roof, and straight into one of the hovercraft Vortan kept hidden. Shree headed for the controls, Noah for the co-pilot’s chair.
‘You know what you’re doing, Shree?’
She nodded and shrugged her shoulders.
‘Justus will understand, won’t he?’ Aíron said. ‘We need to stay together. He needs us.’
The craft lifted off. Noah turned. ‘Justus is doing what he thinks he has to. So are Vortan and Cathal. And so will we.’
‘How long will it take to get to Malizar’s estate?’
‘Not long, Aíron.’
‘How long?’
Shree turned in her seat, a full foot higher than the young girl stood beside her. She calmly placed her hand on Aíron’s shoulder and made her sit on the floor. Shree then turned to Noah and cocked her head, breathing out slowly.
‘You’re right, Shree,’ he said. ‘We can’t get ourselves in a state. We need to be calm. We need a plan. Now, we know where we’re going. We know who’s going to be waiting. We have to help the Captain. And we need to save Raj.’
‘Yes,’ Aíron said.
‘Okay,’ he said. ‘Thinking calmly. Thinking smart. I don’t know. How can we help? Really?’
‘Maybe the three of us can’t make a difference,’ she said. ‘But I know where we can go for help. We don’t have a choice now.’


In minutes they had crossed the glimmering city heights. Shree and Noah guided the craft into a landing space as close to the north quarter of Avaris City as they could. Out and into the street, Aíron guided them along the dark, sodden lanes. Passersby stared dismayed at Shree. Their giant companion was going to prove useful now.
The same ramshackle region Aíron remembered from her first venture here loomed. The same smell. The same darkness. The same back alley Justus had brought her.
‘This way,’ she said. ‘You remember the plan?’
‘Which plan?’ Noah asked.
‘The one we’re about to make up.’
‘That one? Yes, we’re ready. Right, Shree?’
Shree nodded twice.
At the end of the alley, the same deafening music blared from the club beneath them. Jules Ditton’s club. Four men stood outside. Was it a mistake? Should they have stayed away?
‘And where do you think you lot are goin’?’ asked the largest man as they approached. The other three men looked up at Shree in disbelief.
‘We’re here,’ Aíron said, ‘to see Adra Dimal. She here?’
‘Well, you three ain’t gonna’ find out, miss.’
‘Wrong answer!’ Noah said. He produced his blaster and shot himself in the foot.
Aíron recoiled and screamed. Noah screamed louder.
The closest security guard laughed and reached for Aíron. But before he had chance, Shree’s muscular arm had knocked him onto his back like a plank of wood. Noah recovered, more or less, and fired at the three. They each threw themselves in different directions. Three more appeared out of the dark entrance.
Shree bounded forwards and raised her arm, knocking all of them back.
Another pulled out a handgun—
Aíron raised her foot and kicked him between the legs. He fell to his knees.
‘Go on! Go in!’ Noah shouted, hobbling for the door.
Shree went first. Aíron followed next. Smoke filled her vision. She could just about see Shree in front of her and so stuck close.
‘Stop!’ somebody cried. More men stood at the bottom of the steps, including the great, gold-toothed almuit from her last visit.
‘Shree!’
A flash filled her vision. Noah pulled her back and out of the way. Both of them fell forward. Before their eyes, Shree looked like a wild animal. She took out every last man in sight, security or not. She then reached down, raised her two companions under her arms, and forced her way through the crowd.
‘That way!’ She pointed in the direction of the second set of steps. Shree kicked two more muscular men out of the way. Aíron couldn’t help but let slip a smile.
At the bottom of the steps, however, Shree stopped. Less noisy, they could hear the command to halt. This Jules Ditton really did have an army. More armed men stood before them. Shree dropped the two back to their feet.
‘Drop your weapons,’ a bald-headed man said from one side. ‘Now, here’s what’s going to happen. You’re going to tell me what in hell’s name you three freaks are doing in my establishment.’
‘Jules Ditton?’ Aíron said.
‘You know who I am?’
‘Yes.’
‘And? I’ve shot plenty people who knew my name, princess. I’ll very happily shoot you too!’
That was it. Shree threw herself forwards, knocking the line of men over like dominos. Without waiting, Aíron pushed her way through. Voices cried out around her. She ignored them and shoved her way into the room at the end. Hands seized her as she entered. Weapons triggered.
‘ADRA DIMAL!’ she cried.
A hand clutched her neck.
‘Stop! Just stop!’ came a reply. ‘Put those weapons down!’
Aíron looked up. Dimal stood in front of her, barely clothed and carrying a glass of orange liquid. She looked unsteady on her feet and thinner than before.
‘Adra . . .’
‘What are you doing here, Aíron?’
‘We need your help. Justus needs your help!’
Behind her, Ditton and his men dragged Noah and Shree through. Dimal shook her head. ‘What are you doing here?!’
Noah almost choked. ‘What’re you doing here? That’s very revealing, Adra.’
‘We need your help,’ Aíron said. ‘Please.’
‘Look, I can’t help you,’ Dimal said. ‘I can’t.’
‘Raj is still alive.’
‘What?!’
‘Malizar has him. Justus has gone to confront him.’
‘He came back?’
‘He was always going to, Adra. He needs you, more than you or he could ever know. And you need him.’
Dimal turned her back on them. She threw the glass at the wall, watched it shatter. She craned her neck back and turned. ‘Where are they?’


SEVENTY-NINE




‘WHY ARE WE here, Anna?’
Gordian entered the vessel’s captaincy quarters with Avéne Ketrass in tow. Ferranti and Callista were already sat at his clear glass table. The baby Berenguer lay asleep in a portable incubator beside the old woman. The four looked anxious, worried even. But Anna’s mind was clear. She stood before them in silence.
‘I asked you to come,’ she said, ‘because I trust you all. Nobody else. We’re the only survivors of Erebus. We are the only ones that know what we’re dealing with.’
‘We don’t, though,’ Ketrass said.
‘We know enough.’
Callista looked angry. ‘What is it, Anna? Tell us.’
Anna breathed out. ‘I . . . received a message.’
‘When?’
‘It was the night we returned to Titan. It was hidden in my uncle’s vault. Directed to me. It warned me of a coming darkness.’
‘Why didn’t you say something?’
‘Because the message said only I could do something about it. It told me not to say a word to anyone, even if I absolutely had to. I wish I’d told you. Really, I do.’
‘Who was the message from?’ Ferranti asked.
‘I don’t know.’ Yet again she kept the name of the Accentaurian to herself, though she was not sure why. ‘But he said that the messengers would come.’
‘Those creatures,’ he said. ‘The Sonii?’
Anna nodded and addressed the others. ‘Ferranti and I spoke with the Sonii this morning, at length. It has a way. But that’s not the hard part.’
‘Then what is?’ Ketrass asked. ‘Why us? How can we help?’
‘The message said that I would eventually have to leave you all. But also that I have to take some things with me.’ She looked to the old woman. ‘The silver diary. That was one. You said it was taken from you. I know there’s no way we could get it, but if I could find the other items then maybe that’s all right.’
‘I could try and remember some of its contents,’ Callista said. ‘I doubt it would be very much, though.’
‘What were the other items?’ Ferranti asked, stroking his chin.
Anna pulled a small, black sphere no larger than her thumbnail from her pocket and placed onto the table. ‘The message I received was one of the four items. The original message was lost along with the vault. But I’d listened to it so many times that I was able to record another earlier. Word for word. I manipulated the voice. You can’t tell it’s me.’
‘So you have that,’ Callista said. Anna could tell she was only humouring her at this point. ‘What else do you need?’
‘The research. The research gathered on Erebus.’
‘You’re asking me,’ Ketrass said.
‘Well . . . yes. I asked Kramer, but he wouldn’t tell me.’
The woman smiled. ‘He wouldn’t tell anyone.’
‘But it exists?’
She nodded. ‘Wait here. I’ll do what I can.’
‘I will come with you,’ Gordian said. They both hurried from the room, seemingly inseparable all of a sudden.
Anna smiled at Callista, but the old women turned away towards Ferranti and spoke in whispers. Anna sat in the chair beside her and looked into the portable incubator. Little baby Berenguer. So small. So vulnerable. If she had to leave, then this is what she would be abandoning. Could she really do it? The answer was effortless.
‘All I want to do is hold him,’ Callista said. ‘Hold him like I did you and your sister.’
Anna attempted to make eye contact with her. The old woman looked away.
‘What do you think we should name him?’ Anna asked.
‘I would have thought that is quite obvious,’ Ferranti said. ‘Ruben is a strong name. If he’s anything like your uncle, your sister, or you, he’ll grow to be a powerful person.’
‘As long as he has you to guide him,’ Callista said. She stared her in the eye now, and it was Anna who was forced to look away. ‘What is it, Anna?’
‘The message,’ she said. ‘It asked for something more.’
‘What?’
She took a deep breath. ‘The Gilaxiad.’
Callista’s face fell, hand came up to her face. ‘Did they say what it is?’
Anna nodded.
‘What?’
‘Me.’
‘You? That’s ridiculous.’
‘What’s ridiculous? They said that they’d come for the Gilaxiad. That they’d been sent for the Gilaxiad. I went to see them earlier. They said they had found it – found me – and that they’re ready.’
‘Ready for what?’
‘Ready to take me.’


Ketrass led Gordian through the halls of the Stellarstream and down to their quarters. The vessel was once again inhabited, but they did not meet any Titanese along the way. It was for the best, Gordian knew. Tensions were as high as ever.
Once or twice he caught her looking back at him, a glimmer in her sharp eyes. Their quarters were adjacent to each other. Ketrass slipped into her room and Gordian entered his. He was in and out in thirty seconds, a small package hidden in his pocket.
When Ketrass appeared he nodded, turned. But she took his arm and spun him back around. They were alone. All was quiet. She moved towards him and he gazed into her bright green eyes, caught the soft scent of her skin. She was beautiful. He desired her. Needed her.
‘Avéne, he said, ‘I—’
She placed her finger over his lips, stroked the scar beneath his nose and the notch across his top and bottom lips. ‘Xerin was right all along,’ she said. ‘I didn’t believe him. Now I do. You’re not all alike. I think, I see something else. I see. You’re different from all of them.’
Then she kissed him passionately. Intimately. He closed his eyes. No. He pushed her back.
‘Avéne, I can’t.’
‘Oh, it’s too late for that,’ she said. ‘I always get what I want.’
‘And what is it you want?’
She smiled, then kissed him again.


Anna placed the sphere containing her rendering of the Accentaurian’s message onto the table, beside Xerin Kramer’s face covering. Concealed within the metal half-mask sat a dozen tiny spheres containing nearly all the data collected within the black moon Erebus.
‘Kramer denied it to the very last,’ Ketrass said. ‘But this was the reason he hid it, and would tell no one of its existence. The information inside there is so important. Everything we learned.’
‘Maybe the way to stop them is on here,’ Anna said. ‘That’s why they need to take me.’
Gordian stepped forward. He placed a small item, wrapped in dark fabric, onto the table beside the covering. Anna unwrapped it to reveal a silver book. The silver book.
‘Mokrikov’s diary,’ Callista said. ‘How did you—?’
‘I took it from you the day we arrived upon Titan. You said it was important. So I kept it safe. Now it’s yours, Anna, to take to this man that will save us.’
Ferranti placed a heavy military-style rucksack onto the table. ‘Everything you’ll need is in here,’ he said. ‘My influence within the Committee is the only reason this is happening.’
‘The only reason what is happening?’ Callista said.
‘I’m going with the Sonii,’ Anna answered. She looked to Ferranti.
‘I hope it was right about what you’re going to do,’ he said.
‘Wait.’ Callista circled the table and stood between Anna and the others. ‘You’re not going.’
‘I have to.’
‘You can’t trust that thing. You need to trust us.’
‘I’m trusting myself, Callista.’
‘Callista has a point,’ Ferranti said. ‘According to our specialists, what you are going to do may well destroy the moon.’
‘Which moon?’ Callista asked him. ‘Can that happen?’
‘The creature has provided some kind of plan in which itself and Anna, inside a reinforced pod, will travel to the centre of the moon Io. From the centre, and through some sort of wormhole.’
‘You’re joking!’ she said. ‘Anna?’
Ferranti spoke first. ‘We’ve double and triple checked and confirmed that, theoretically, what it is suggesting could work. But it’s unlikely and dangerous.’
‘Are you doing this to punish me, child? Or to punish yourself?’
‘I’m doing this to save you, Callista.’
She answered with silence. Anna could see the pain in her eyes. She wanted to hold her, but couldn’t.
‘I have accepted a position with the Alignment leaders,’ Ferranti said, breaching the cold quiet. ‘And I’ve persuaded them to remain below Europa for now. I will take you up myself on board the Stellarstream and into Jupiter’s orbit. We’ll keep our distance. We will fire upon the moon, creating a shaft. It will go as far to the core as possible. You’ll have seconds to get as deep as you can.’
‘And the pod?’ she asked.
‘The pod you require has been specially fitted, as per the Sonii’s instructions. You will have no windows or display, so you’ll only know it has happened on the other side. It will last seconds. No more. If you build up enough speed and get to point you need . . .’
‘Then she’ll be reduced to atoms before she’s even aware of it!’ The old woman glared at her. ‘You think you’ll travel across space? Leap across four-hundred-million miles IN SECONDS?!’
Ferranti wavered, unsure how to approach Callista. ‘You do understand the danger, Anna, the likelihood of this failing?’
‘I understand the danger perfectly,’ she answered, eyes never leaving her old mentor’s. ‘But I need to do this. I have to get to Earth before Erebus. I trust the Sonii. I have to. It’s the only way I’ll get to Earth in time to help.’


EIGHTY




ANNA WAITED FOR Callista in her room. She did not wait long.
Callista would not stop. But Anna was resolved. She was going. Their relationship was at its limit. She didn’t want to leave things like this.
When she entered, she sat on the bed beside her. Her shaking hand reached over and held the silver-black bracelet. ‘I was wrong, Anna.’
‘We—’
‘No, let me speak. Please.’ She bowed her head. ‘I was wrong. Wrong when I said this wasn’t all about you. Because it is. I always wished it wasn’t. I wished you could just live, without loss and pain. We have had more than anyone deserves. You ought to have no more.’ Then she clasped both hands around hers. ‘Stay with me.’
‘Callista. I love you.’
The old woman smiled sadly. ‘You know, Anna, I was thinking today about the day you were born. Your uncle Ruben was late. He missed the birth. But your parents were so proud. I remember holding you for the first time. I’d never seen a more beautiful baby. You looked up at me like an angel. I knew you were special, even then. And I promised myself I would protect you forever. I failed.’
‘No. No. Nothing is forever.’
‘Don’t go. I can’t say goodbye again.’
Anna leaned in and embraced her. She could feel the elderly woman shaking. ‘You have to be brave now, Callista. We all do. For Ruben. You have to protect him. I will go to Earth and help Justus. After tonight comes the dawn. Change comes eventually. I promise you.’
‘I don’t want to let you go.’
‘You don’t have to let me go. We’ll see each other again. Before this is over. I will find the Accentaurian and solve this, once and for all.’
Callista sat back. ‘Who?’
Anna paused. She had spoken the name now.
‘Who, Anna?’
‘The Accentaurian.’
‘Where did you hear that?’
‘The message. That’s who it was from. He swore I couldn’t tell anyone. I didn’t mean to . . .’
Callista placed her fingers over Anna’s lips. ‘Say nothing more. If I cannot change your mind, I can at least give you something.’ From within her pocket she produced a small silver necklace, a miniature dark orb at the bottom of the chain. ‘This is Ruben’s necklace. He was wearing it when he died. It was once mine before his, and Peter Marx’s before mine. It belongs to you now.’
‘Uncle Ruben tried to give it to me before. But I didn’t deserve it then.’
‘It protects the true bearer in uncertain odds. It holds part of Peter’s gift. Take it, Anna, and stay safe. Stay safe, child, and be brave.’
*   *   *

The pod floated away from the Stellarstream. In orbit now above Europa, men, women, and children from every last Alignment world lined the viewing blocks and visual portals to see the pod take off, to catch just a glimpse of the one that would save them. It seemed like the pod moved away with no speed at all. But its velocity soon showed, and in no time at all Anna Berenguer was gone.
For Anna, however, it had only just begun. Her head throbbed painfully as the minute shell in which she and her companion sat hurtled towards the Jovian moon Io. She wished she could see the stars around her. But nothing. Only a small light from the console.
She gripped the necklace around her neck. If she and the olive-coloured little being between her legs were to die right here and now, Anna did not think she would care. There was not much left to care about anymore.
No. That’s not true. Two things, she realised, were keeping her going: the image of Callista and baby Ruben back with the others – she missed them already – and the thought of seeing Antal Justus again. Whether he had thought about her at all since they had parted did not matter; she needed him, so much.
She cringed and tensed her arm as the black bracelet thudded through her. ‘What did you say?’ She knew now that it was a translator of sorts. ‘I can’t hear you.’
The Sonii turned and stared up. ‘Listen,’ it said. ‘Speed now. Lean back.’
She did as she was told and the thundering roar around them was joined by an intense tremor. The pod was going to be ripped apart.
Suddenly the lights went out. Roaring and shaking and a flaming heat filled the pod. Forced back and unable to move, the smouldering smell of burning sent her dizzy. A stinging pain shot through her thigh, and she quickly realised the little creature had sunk its claws into her, terrified. She reached forward and held the Sonii close. It was shaking, petrified.
‘How will we know it’s working?’ she shouted.
Before the creature could respond, the darkness around them burned brightly. The roar and rattle intensified. It was impossible to breathe. Anna’s head spun. The console before them appeared to be melting.
‘We’re not going to make it!’
‘You survive, Gilaxiad!’ came the frightened Sonii’s reply.
‘We both will!’
The front of the pod was disappearing in front of them, reduced to liquid metal. Bright orange light burned through, the clear casement in between mere seconds from dissolving too.
‘I’m so sorry about the others,’ she said. ‘I’m sorry my people did that to your friends! But that’s not us! Not me! We’re more, so much more!’
Amid the burning light she could see the creature’s face raise up. Its hand reached toward her face, stroked her cheek.
She closed her eyes.
The roaring ceased.
Bright light receded.
All was suddenly still.
Anna looked up and out of the pod’s yawning aperture, down to a blue and green glowing planet. Her mouth hung open.
‘In . . . indes . . . indescribable.’ She breathed in, then out. ‘The Earth. It looks different. Something’s wrong.’


EIGHTY-ONE




THE SIX GUARDS posted at the entrance to Malizar Estate no longer demonstrated a convincing threat to Antal Justus. He knocked three unconscious in three sharp moves, sent the fourth soaring up onto the first-floor roof, and left the final two cowering into each others’ arms, tied upside down by the strength of their big toes.
His nemesis, he knew, would not be that easy.
Nobody hindered his path through the mansion. He followed the corridors he had taken the last time he came here. It seemed like years ago. The large banqueting room was empty, and running up the dark marble steps he left by the door he had seen Malizar enter through. A series of pristine-white tunnels came next. Justus listened to his gut and followed the tunnels ever deeper.
He did not go far before he reached a large door, fashioned with patterned wood and golden etchings. He crept through. His senses were sharp. Each foot fall placed exact. Aware of everything around him. Upon a higher floor he stopped, dead still, and peered over the balcony before him. A voice, booming and deep, sounded below. It was him. Lord Malizar was here.


The Scarlet Flux shot through the clear night sky. In the cockpit, Cathal and Vortan sat rigid and silent. Both knew what was coming. They were going to have to do what they had put off doing for so long. Malizar was so strong. If any of them had a chance of beating him, it was Antal.
‘We’re four minutes away,’ Vortan said. He caught his reflection in the display. His eyes were small in comparison to the bags beneath them.
Cathal closed his eyes, gripped his sceptre tight.
‘Where were you?’ Vortan’s fists were clenched.
‘I was—’
‘He needed you! He would not have gone had you been there.’
‘I doubt it, my friend.’
‘What are we going to do?’ He received no reply. ‘When you came back, I was overjoyed. You and Antal both here. Together. Now look at us. I hope you meant it when you said you were willing to give your life—’
‘You know I would, Lanfranc!’
‘Good. Because so would Antal. And his friends. And I imagine that, for us especially, that outcome is nothing but certain.’


Marrak Malizar stood in a dark robe which trailed along the floor behind him. His thick eyebrows pointed towards his eyes, a wicked look with power in itself. Sharp features had matured into soft, though no less dark, traits of command. High shoulders rose as high as his temples, sharp and merciless.
Justus walked across the dark marble floor, then stopped. The Dark Lord knew he was there. A veiled woman stood with him. She bowed and stepped away, leaving Malizar to imitate Justus’ stance.
‘It has been too long, Peter.’
‘You should have known I would always come for you, Marrak.’ Justus fought to keep his voice clear and steady. He couldn’t risk letting this monster see him for the imposter he was. He’d felt strong until now. But just being in the monster’s presence took his breath away.
‘No words,’ Malizar said, almost tenderly. ‘We both know what you have come here to do.’
‘I came here to make sure you don’t hurt another living soul.’
‘Then, Peter, you have already failed.’
‘I’ll give you one chance. Where is Raj?’
Malizar’s lips narrowed into a smirk.
The muscles in Justus’ neck twitched, eager to snap this creature’s neck. To rip his heart from his chest.
‘Tell me, where is Raj?’
‘Your friend? It’s a shame. He did not survive long enough to watch me burn you.’
Justus felt his knuckles clench. He bounded forwards, with utmost focus, and bunched his knuckles into iron fists. He swung. Malizar twisted, dodging aside. Justus hurtled past him and moved to strike from behind. Not fast enough. He found nothing but air.
Thump! A sharp blow from behind sent him spinning to the ground. He landed hard. Wait. An unseen force struck him in the chin. He slid back across the room, face scraping along the burning floor. He shot to his feet.
Malizar stared across the room. It would seem he hadn’t moved. He whipped his robe from his body and flung it at the watching woman.
‘I am disappointed, Peter. Your might has faded in your years of hiding. I do not have time for your games.’ His neck twitched and voice rasped in such a way that Justus found something telling him that this man wanted – no, needed – to be somewhere else.
‘I’m far past playing games!’ he cried, attempting to ignore the sharp sting spreading across his bleeding cheek.
Malizar glanced towards the edge of the room, where the hooded and veiled woman leant against the metal rail. She raised the veil and revealed her deformity. Her head dropped.
A strange sensation filled Justus’ mind, as though his senses weren’t his own. As though somebody was standing right beside him. He shivered. His breath froze in the air before him. His mother’s voice rang through his ears, screaming his name. He could see her, lying there, gasping for breath, groaning in agony.
Across the room, Malizar laughed.
The woman gasped. ‘It is not him!’
Malizar leered at Justus harshly. ‘You are sure, Sudana?’
‘No doubt, my lord. He is not Peter Marx!’
‘And he does not have the Gift?’
‘No.’ She grinned. ‘His power is nothing compared to yours. His peak has been reached already tonight.’
Justus’ heart beat in his throat. How could she know?
‘Then this boy is unimportant,’ Malizar said. ‘I will burn him now.’
‘You can try!’ Justus gritted his teeth and focused hard. His father had taught him all he needed to know. If you believe you can beat this man, then you will!
Malizar exhaled, closing his eyes, and then looked straight at him. His hand stretched out and snapped into a fist—
The ground beneath Justus’ feet gave way. He fought to move, struggling to escape. Left foot fell through to his ankle. Dropped to one knee. He looked up. Malizar had disappeared.
‘Here,’ crawled a cold voice down his back.
Justus wrenched his foot free and reeled away as the marble melted beneath, running across the floor like black slime. He sprang back and shot for the nearby wall. Malizar was waiting. He took hold of Justus’ leg and launched him across the room into the far wall.
Justus collapsed to the ground, his back aching, blood trickling down from his forehead. The truth dawned on him. Vortan had been right. There was no chance of living through this.
But that will not stop you from trying.
He stood, shook off the pain. But it remained. Flowing through his body like he was on fire.
‘Whoever sent you here, boy, you have failed them.’
Not yet.
Justus lunged forward into the dark-filled side of the room, moving as fast as he could push himself. Through a stone arch bordering the chamber he emerged at the Dark Lord’s side. This was it—
Malizar’s hand wrapped around his throat. His windpipe was contracted. The room spun.
‘Recognise when you are defeated,’ Malizar whispered. ‘You broke into my house once before. Escape me once. Never twice.’ He held out his arm. Justus heard the snap before it registered as being him.
He fell back, held up his limp-hanging arm with the other, pure shock filling his body like a searing fire. His body screamed in agony. He couldn’t breathe. His back connected with the hard ground.
He looked up, shaking, to see Malizar hold out his hand. Sudana passed him a pistol. He held it up to the light, turned, and aimed it at Justus. ‘You never stood a chance.’
‘Not on his own!’
A light from above divided the darkness. It struck Malizar where he stood, knocking him and the veiled woman from their feet. Vortan and Cathal stood on the level above. The room churned and faded.


EIGHTY-TWO




AN ARMED GUARD stepped cautiously down the long, silent corridor. He check to either side once, twice, then behind. But not above. He cleared his throat before moving on, his echoing footfalls repeating in the place he had one moment ago been stood.
Somebody coughed.
‘Quiet!’
‘It wasn’t me!’
‘It doesn’t matter who did or did not—’
‘Oops.’
‘Oops? Why oops?’
Click.
The grate gave way, and Noah, Aíron, and Shree plummeted from above. From the bottom of the ensuing pile, Noah Nuveen groaned, ‘Get off. Please.’
Aíron jumped to her feet. ‘We made it. We’re in.’
Shree clambered up and pulled Noah to his feet. He craned himself backward, snapping his spine in several concurrent cracks. ‘That’s the easy part over and done with,’ he said. ‘Now we just need to find Justus.’
‘And Raj,’ Aíron added. Shree placed both hands on her hips.
‘Of course. Raj too.’ Noah looked about, hobbled forward on his injured foot, and signalled that they should move. ‘I don’t recognise this part. Then again it does all look the same. Think. What do we know?’
‘The tape Raj was in showed a white room,’ Aíron said.
‘Okay. A white room. Let’s go with that. There was certainly nothing white about the holding room we found Shree in when we first came here.’
Shree shook her head and shivered.
‘Did you see anywhere like the place in the video?’
‘No. Not that I can remember. Perhaps it’s some kind of medical facility. Sterile.’ He held his tongue before he mentioned the word surgery.
An echoed tapping rang out nearby. The three turned and headed in the opposite direction.
‘Let’s head lower,’ he said. ‘We haven’t much time.’
‘Do you think Dimal will help, Noah?’
He shrugged. ‘I think she will. But right now we’re on our own. We have to get Raj. That’s all we have to think about.’
They ran down a dozen corridors before they found a pure white hallway. Several rooms were locked, but Noah’s blaster took out the locks. No alarms sounded, so they attempted as many as they could. Almost at the end of the corridor, and ready to give up hope, they saw a figure lay across a bed through the door’s glass panel.
‘It is him?’
‘I think . . . I hope so.’
‘Shhh, someone’s coming!’
Footsteps echoed along the corridor. Noah shot through the lock and the three piled in. He prayed the guard didn’t notice the damaged lock or the smell of the weapon, and triggered the blaster ready.
The guard passed outside the room. The three remained silent, waited until he had disappeared, and headed across the room. Cabinets filled with bugs and dozens of creatures lined the walls. Noah shivered.
At the opposite end of the room, they found the bed.
‘It’s him!’ Aíron cried, overjoyed, eyes filled with tears.
And there he was. Raj Timbur lay, bruised and thin, strapped to a bed which fastened over a flat belt of rubber. Almost like—
A hand reached around Noah’s neck. Shree went to move, but he pushed himself back. The guard that had found them went with him. Both landed on the panel beside the bed. An alarming whine filled the room and the bed, set upon the horizontal black belt, began to move towards a small room at the end. Raj moved with it.
‘Oh my god!’ Aíron screamed. ‘It’s an oven!’
‘Oh, shit,’ Noah said, still struggling with the unrelenting guard.
Shree threw her weight onto the moving conveyor belt. But it didn’t work. She raised the table from nearby and threw it in the way, but it simply crushed the table and continued on. The bed wouldn’t detach from the belt either.
‘Get him off it!’ Noah cried.
The guard jumped up, but the medic pulled him back, produced his blaster. It was knocked from his hands. Both scrambled for it. The guard found it first. Noah punched him hard several times and dove for his arm, sinking his teeth into his wrist. The guard cried out, head butted him hard in the face. Noah’s vision twisted and turned, but he threw all his weight onto the man and held him down.
Behind them, the belt continued to move. Shree was frantic, doing everything she could to break Raj’s restraints. The boy didn’t move, unconscious and unaware of the turmoil surrounding him. Aíron rushed about, trying to find some kind of off-switch. Nothing.
‘Shree, no!’ she said. ‘You’ll break his arms.’
Shree was pulling at her brother now, unable to control herself.
‘Break his wrists!’ Noah cried, having fixed his arms around the guard’s neck. He held on from behind, pulling as tight as he could. ‘Break whatever you have to – just get him off there!’
The guard’s finger nails dug into Noah’s legs, peeling skin through his trousers. Noah wrapped his arms tighter round his neck, forcing pressure onto his Carotid. A sharp crack followed. Noah let go, heart hammering his chest. He crawled across the floor, found his feet.
‘It’s taking him into the furnace!’ Aíron said. ‘It’s going to take him! I’m going in with him!’
‘No, you’re not!’
Noah jumped back and grasped the blaster, triggered it, and fired at the restraints. He would blow Raj’s arms and legs off if it meant saving him. ‘Get back!’ he said, and fired again. But the metal was too strong, his aim too poor.
‘Let me try,’ Aíron said, snatching the blaster. She raised it, triggered, and fired. The restraints blackened, the arm iron broke. She fired at the leg restraints, ripping away one. The bed crossed the threshold, passing into the oven. Noah seized the weapon, pushed Aíron out of the away, and clambered onto the bed as it entered the furnace.
The doorway was going to close. As they entered, he fired at the arm, damaging Raj’s hand, but taking out the restraint. Shree entered behind him, pulling on her brother’s legs like a wild animal. Noah pulled him to his knees, shot again at the leg restraint. Shree ripped his leg free, forced him back.
‘Take him, Shree, take him!’
Aíron pulled him out. The door slammed shut.
Noah froze, the reality struck him like a knife in the chest. He gazed in horror through the glass panel at Aíron and Raj. Beside him, Shree knelt in shock. Aíron screamed hysterically, dropping Raj and rushing to find a way to stop the furnace. She pressed every button she could find.
Noah hammered the door. Shree threw all her weight into the oven wall.
‘What do I do?!’ Aíron shrieked. ‘WHAT DO I DO?!’
‘Forget finding Justus!’ Noah cried. ‘Just go. Get out!’
He vomited on the floor, sobbing and retching. Shree knelt down facing him. His whole body shook. A burning sensation crept up his arms. Another door closed inside, blocking out all light from outside. Aíron was on her own.
Noah clutched Shree’s hand tighter than he ever had. ‘We saved your brother. He’s alive. We saved him. I wish you could say something.’ He edged closer to her. His face flushed, sweat crept down his back. ‘It’s . . . It’s just you and me. Like always, Shree. You and me. Say something. Oh no. So hot. No!’
Tears merged with sweat as it fell down Shree’s face. She was so beautiful. ‘We’ve done so much! We can do so much more! Together, Shree. We have to . . . we can . . .’
Flame burst alive behind. He closed his eyes, felt his skin harden and numb. ‘Say something, Shree. Please. I’m scared.’
She said nothing, but leaned in to embrace him, her large, warm body pressing him close. Ablaze everywhere. Burning. Weakening. Bliss. The flames surrounded them, and they both burned, fading into each other, forever.


EIGHTY-THREE




ANTAL JUSTUS’ FACE throbbed. Sweat poured down across his eyes as if it were a steaming rain. His arm had bent into a dull, pulsing ache which sent him faint and everything else distant. He lay down in the dark room. Defeated. Sealed within a bitter cold container, he and his father were surrounded by hundreds more, consumed by horror and terrified screams. A small ray of light found its way through a miniscule gap in the roof.
Justus rolled over and gazed at his father. ‘What . . . happened?’
Cathal sighed. ‘He was too strong. He’s taken Vortan.’
‘For what?’
‘I don’t know. But it gets worse.’
‘What?’
‘He’s taken my sceptre.’
‘Hell! That’s important now?!’
‘So important, Antal. I need it back.’
‘Fat chance. What can we do in here?’
‘We have to find a way out.’
Justus sighed deeply, the room swirling purple and gold. ‘There is no way out now.’
‘You’ve given up already, son? What happened to everything we spoke about? Your friends, family, reasons for going on?’
‘I don’t deserve any of that! And they don’t deserve what I put them through!’
‘What you put them through? Just say it. You’re talking about your mother.’
He struggled against it, but a tear emerged from Justus’ eye. Cathal placed a hand on his shoulder.
‘I’m sorry for it all,’ Justus said. ‘For running away. For killing mum. For . . .’
‘I know why you did it, son. You’re a good person! No matter what happens. Never think otherwise. I know what it took from you the day it happened. The day you let her go.’
‘Don’t!’
‘You thought you gave up your kindness and decency.’
‘Please!’
‘But I know she was sick. She’d been sick for so many years. I know you didn’t want to do it. I know she begged you. You surrendered yourself that night. But you did not surrender your light. You have to forgive yourself.’
‘You and I both know that’s the one thing I cannot do!’
Cathal moved closer, and Justus looked deep into his eyes for the first time. ‘I should be the one to apologize, my child. For leaving. For not being there. It has killed me that I could never explain why I left. But now . . . now I think I have to. I have to account for all I have done, and tell you the truth. You deserve that most of all. Give me your hand, son. Come close.’
He leaned in, and took Justus’ hand, placed it over his head, fingertip touching his temple. ‘Now close your eyes and focus on my voice. There is something you must know.’


EIGHTY-FOUR




CLICK, CLICK, CLICK.
Anna took one clear breath in and opened her eyes. She had made it. She looked up at a star-filled sky, bordered perfectly by a wooded frontier. A single leaf fell from the tree branch. It fell slowly, gracefully, no wind present to catch its descent and bear it far off among the many trees enclosing the crowded upland.
Click, click, click.
The air smelled almost as fresh as it felt against her skin – cool and tranquil with strokes of warmth. She had made it. The moon loomed over her and was in its own way comforting.
Click, click, click.
Her lip curled into a small smile. She was actually, in a small way, proud of herself. The first human to travel such a distance in so short a time and live. Then again, she thought, sitting up and staring around at nothing but plant life and undergrowth, am I alive?
Click, click, click.
The continuous sound came from up in the trees. A flash of orange danced among the lower canopy. Then a small creature, with glossy fur a deep orange, dropped onto the ground beside her. Click, click, click it went, and moved towards her.
‘Hello,’ Anna said. ‘What are you?’ She hadn’t read about creatures like this on Earth.
Click, click, click.
‘Wait.’ She recognised its gait, the face, that soft clicking from somewhere before. ‘Are you a . . . Sonii?’
‘A Sonii among its native forests.’
She spun at once and stared through the tree line at the figure which had spoken.
‘Did you say native forests?’
‘Yes, Anna.’
‘What? Who are you?’
‘The Sonii’s coat is naturally orange. But it fades when they leave this world.’
‘That is how I’ve seen them,’ she said. ‘What are they doing here?’
‘Here, Anna? Do you know where here is?’
‘This is Earth.’
‘No, Anna. This is not Earth.’ The visitor stepped into view. He was shorter than her, with dark hair and sallow skin. He smiled softly.
‘Peter Marx?’ She fell to her knees, exhausted.
‘You have travelled far, Anna Berenguer.’
She remained still upon her kneecaps.
‘But I am delighted that you made it. I imagine it was difficult indeed for Lucasta to allow you to leave.’
‘She tried to talk me out of it.’
‘I feared she would. Did you not tell her the Sonii’s message?’
‘In the end I did,’ Anna said. ‘I kept what little hope there was to myself, even though I knew . . . I knew everyone else was surrounded by the same darkness.’ 
‘What darkness, Anna?’ Peter asked. ‘Surely it cannot have arrived already!’
‘You knew Erebus was coming for us?’ She was on her feet again. ‘You knew and could do nothing but send me a ridiculous riddle?’
‘Riddle? What riddle? I sent the Sonii to retrieve you. I sent nothing else.’
‘Then who?’ She staggered towards a nearby tree and sat upon a large root at its base. ‘Who the hell is playing with our lives? Who is hiding in the shadows and watching, waiting, laughing at us?’
Peter stepped down and stood above her. ‘I think we have our paths crossed, Anna. It appears you know more than I do in some small way. And yet there is much I have to tell you, before we can settle on what to do next.’
‘But we are going to do something?’
He smiled, like a small, mischievous child. ‘If it means my death.’
And he sat down upon the root beside her. As though she hadn’t just met the oldest living man, a man she thought was dead, she proceeded to tell him everything that had happened since they left Erebus and the lightning planet five months earlier. She told him that Justus had headed for Earth as he had told him.
‘Wonderful!’ Peter said. ‘Very good.’
She explained all about their return to Titan and their subsequent imprisonment. Then came news of the Sonii, of the return of Erebus, and her family’s death.
‘Oh, Anna,’ he said as she began to cry, and he held her for some time. His small, smooth hands wiped the tears from beneath her eyes; and he too shed a tear as though he felt her agony as deeply as she did. ‘You’ve come through so much. No one would ever have expected you to do the things you have done, to make the choices you have made. But you have done your part. You can rest here now. There is no place safer.’
‘I don’t . . . I don’t care about my safety. I left everyone behind.’
‘Anna,’ he said, and took careful hold of her face. She looked into his eyes, and saw a thing familiar; his touch and his gaze was warm and tender. ‘Anna, you trust me, yes?’
‘Yes, Peter.’
‘Then trust what I have to say: I will do everything in my power to help those you left behind.’ He smiled and she nodded.
‘I have to know,’ she said. ‘I saw you. You fought that creature. My father. I saw you fall over the cliff face. We all thought you were buried. Lost. How did you survive?’
‘Firstly, Anna, you must know that the creature I fought was no longer your father. Dathlan died many weeks before, and he died a brave death, as he resisted the wicked deeds of Lesper and Kramer. The creature I fought was the result of their experiment.
‘But it was stronger than me. Stronger by far. I was close to death. Light and fire rained down from above even as you fled the Zinn’s caverns. And as I stood upon the brink, I thought I glimpsed the other side. It was not filled with darkness. I was consumed by hope. And I surrendered to the warmth. Then came the light, and it carried me away, to this place. The light which came for me destroyed Tempest-Beta just as your journey here destroyed Io.’
‘And that brings us to it,’ she said. ‘I left everyone behind, expecting to go to Earth. If this isn’t Earth, then where are we?’
‘Yes. Yes that brings us to it. But you are tired, and almost certainly would not grasp the truth if I told you now. Sit with me. Eat what food I have brought, and get some sleep. Tomorrow I’ll tell you everything.’
‘I haven’t been through what I have to learn absolutely nothing!’ she said. ‘I’ll sleep better knowing the truth.’
‘No,’ he said. ‘No, you won’t sleep at all once you hear what has to be said.’
‘Then tell me something. Anything.’
‘I will tell you this,’ he said. ‘The forces of darkness are moving. They are stronger now than they ever were. But so too are the forces of light. It was that light which saved me from Tempest-Beta. It was that light which bore me here. Tomorrow, Anna, you will see it for yourself.’


EIGHTY-FIVE



ANNA WOKE THE next morning to a warm breeze and a soft light settling upon her skin. The sound of birds like none she had ever heard in the gardens of Titan moved amongst the narrow canopy above, and with them came a pleasant humming, hopeful and sad all at once.
She peered about the clearing and watched Peter sitting across the bow they had sat upon the night before. He sang quietly to the peculiar orange creatures as they purred back, nipping from one branch to another playfully. His back was turned and in that moment Anna saw the ancient man beneath the young, immaculate skin. He sat in the same position he had been in when she went to sleep. He had not moved, had not slept, in hours.
She picked herself up and reached across to find the backpack Ferranti had given her. She had forgotten all about it.
‘Your backpack,’ Peter said without moving. ‘It landed not far from your crash site. You’ll find it undamaged, I hope. Did you sleep well?’
‘Better than I have in months.’
‘Did you dream?’
‘Not that I can remember.’ She found her aching feet and approached him. ‘Why?’
‘When was the last time you do remember?’
She thought carefully. ‘I can’t recall. Months, I think. Not since before . . . Erebus.’
Peter turned on the thick root and peered at her powerfully. ‘I thought so.’
‘Why?’ she asked. ‘Why can’t I dream?’ As she said it, she realised the absurdity of it. All her visions except for those of her mother had been awful. She did not miss the bad dreams.
‘The presence, the manifestation, the dark thing that stopped me using my gift upon Erebus,’ Peter said, standing. ‘The dark force, the malevolent presence. It is here with us, even now.’
Anna raised her arm and the black, veined band shuddered. As it did, so too did her body; goose bumps surged the length of her arm.
‘Nobody on Erebus dreamed, Anna. Not in the entire ten years I spent there. The Darkness within stopped it.’ He began to walk. ‘It’s time we made a move.’
‘Aren’t we going to talk?’
He climbed over the root and, throwing the black and gold backpack over his shoulders, started back down the hill. ‘It will take all day.’
The two walked in silence through the thick, boiling forest. It did take all day. The Sonii pursued, clicking and dancing among the trees above. The first few hours went the slowest, as they moved along an ascending ridge, eventually leaving the forest behind. A single, orange Sonii followed on foot beside Anna as Peter led up front. Before them stretched a gargantuan valley, the far mountains upon the other side only just visible beyond the great forest in between.
They descended the mount. Through the tree line and along a river running they trudged, for several hours more, as the path on which he led her rose once more uphill. The Sonii was holding Anna’s hand by this point, after which it lagged behind. And so she picked it up and carried it along. It was not particularly heavy, and she could feel its heartbeat up against her breast as it slept.
‘One of the Sonii came with me,’ Anna asked Peter quietly. ‘I can’t tell. Is this it?’
‘No,’ he answered. ‘No, the Sonii which came with you did not survive the landing.’
‘What?’ She sighed deeply, devoured by guilt.
‘I buried it after tending to you and leaving you to rest. The one in your arms is younger, but of the same family as the group sent for you.’
At that point the orange creature jumped up from Anna’s arms and smelt the air.
‘We must be close,’ he said.
‘To where?’ she asked.
‘The Hill of Cádrabie.’
The Sonii charged off. It led them to the far slopes of the hill of Cádrabie, which Peter explained meant “elderly” through rough translation of their fading lexicon; and from there they crossed a field of orange trees into a thick wood of lavender and sapphire. The darkening sky disappeared through the tree tops as they passed along a leaf-littered road, multicoloured and beautiful. The roots of the trees emerged from the ground more and more the deeper they moved, as though eager to rise up or else reaching for the branches above. They climbed. Eventually they reached a clearing upon the higher reaches of the hill. At the top stood proud a single tree.
Many Sonii sat still nearby, watching. Peter quickened his pace until he stood beside their guide near the base of the tree. Anna meandered slowly through the network of surfacing roots and stopped beside them. She looked up. The Great Tree’s branches, almost bare, were moving back and forth like a powerful wind shook each bough independently. But the wind was still. All was silent.
‘This,’ Peter said, ‘is the Shilvar.’
‘It’s . . . It’s a tree.’
‘No! No, not a tree, Anna. The Shilvar.’
‘You’re going to have to explain. What is it?’
‘A life form not of this galaxy. A force which travelled here innumerable millennia ago. A spirit containing pure and absolute light.’
The branches swayed back and forth, beckoning to her.
‘Go,’ Peter said. ‘They have been waiting.’
Anna stepped up and the roots beneath her feet spread around her ankles and along her legs. The branches above descended, reaching, wrapping, stretching to gain contact. She did not move, and closed her eyes.
Before her stood the tree, as though in her mind it waited. And a voice, kind and warm and like no voice she had ever before heard, sang.
‘Anna Berenguer of Titan,’ it said. ‘Far from your home you have come to be here. Through despair and darkness to stand before us. You alone of all your people save Peter Marx bear witness to the ending of one age, and the beginning of another.’
I see the ending, she thought; but I cannot see a beginning.
‘No being may,’ came the soft reply. ‘Except for two.’ Anna waited in silence, no energy remaining to ask who they may be. ‘Anna Berenguer and Antal Justus once saw what was yet to come. Now only he may do so.’
Why? she thought
As though in response, her arm rose from beside her, the dark band and now-blackened hand swaying in front.
I understand.


A deep, silver pool lay open to the stars at the bottom of Cádrabie. A golden moon flooded much of the sky, echoed into the silent stream which ran nearby. Anna undressed and slowly sank into the pool. Upon the other side, Peter remained clothed, and would not approach the pool. He wandered around and knelt close by with his legs crossed.
‘I’ve been thinking about what the Shilvar said to me,’ Anna said. Her interaction had lasted almost an hour, during which many thoughts were exchanged, though many questions remained unanswered.
‘I won’t ask you to tell me what the Shilvar told you,’ Peter interrupted. ‘Their light is a precious one. Something almost extinguished in this universe.’
‘They said so much, and yet nothing at all.’ She sighed and lay back, soaking her long hair. ‘But I think I understand now. You sent the Sonii for me because I’m wearing this bracelet. It’s important?’
‘Incredibly, Anna. But we don’t have to talk now. Rest. You deserve that. Feel the light of this place filling you, surrounding you, protecting you. Be at peace.’
She inhaled deeply, allowed the warm water to immerse her completely. She held her breath and closed her eyes, and lay back. Was it possible to remain under there forever, and never again surface? She could breathe in, let the water flood her lungs, drift away for eternity in exchange for a moment of pain. As simply as the thought emerged, the reality became altogether impossible. She surfaced.
No more was said. Peter left her to wind down in the pool of the beautiful Blue and Green World. The playful Sonii waited until she was finished before approaching her, taking her hand, and leading her to a bed of moss and fresh grass it had made up.
And when she slept that night, she slept a dreamless sleep, devoid of all the wondrous – and not so wondrous – things she had seen. But a dark cloud remained over her. She knew and she felt as though it was all just beginning.


EIGHTY-SIX




PETER HAD GIVEN much thought to where they would go from here. Anna’s part in all of it was still unclear, even to him. She had brought the bracelet from Erebus here. It was safe. Out of the way of the creature which came for her. Came for it. That is what it wanted. Peter was sure of it. The bracelet aside, most immediate and heavy on his mind was his own role in the coming struggle, of which the Shilvar had so far withheld from him.
He was greeted by a warm air and the gentle purring of swinging creatures in the branches above as he moved up the hill toward the calling voice of the light-bearers. It was peaceful, and so tempting to remain here for as long as he would be allowed.
Ever since he first perceived the light he had been affected. Deep below Tempest-Beta, when he was surrounded by darkness and conceded defeat, they found him. The light literally pulled him across space. And there were the Sonii, faithful pupils of the Light. The orange creatures were beyond intelligent, more so than humans in most ways. They had once built their own interstellar crafts from the precious bark of the Shilvar; not wood, but a substance inconceivable even to Peter. Under Shilvar instruction the Sonii had grown great. Until the Masterium descended, forcing them into hiding among the planet’s great forests. And there they had remained, for as long as mankind had been among the stars, and longer.
As he had done many times now, Peter climbed the hill to convene one last time with the Light, the oldest and purest structure left of the magnificent race. And there together they discussed a great many things. Both agreed that Anna’s part was unique and unclear. Both agreed that she should not return to Earth as she so desperately wished to do. The bracelet in her keeping was more important than she realised.
‘Anna’s role,’ the Shilvar told him, ‘is greater than any have so far seen. We observe: she is one with the Gilaxiad.’
Then she will remain here, Peter thought. She will have peace? She will be happy?
‘She will be safe here until the next step is taken.’
What is the next step? Will you tell me? He waited patiently, but he did not know the answer, which meant that the Shilvar did not know either, or simply that they would not tell him. He felt most secure with the latter. He trusted the Shilvar down to their deepest roots – the Sonii too. They possessed a harmony and a kindness he had never felt before.
When Peter broached the subject of Earth and the threat now facing its inhabitants, the response he received was not the one he had expected.
‘Your task,’ the Light spoke, ‘is to carry a gift unlike the one you have carried thus far. This gift is a curse. You must give it to Anna Berenguer and Antal Justus.’
I do not understand.
And then he saw.
So that they must meet? I see. So that they will see what is going to happen before it actually does. The gift of foresight? They saw each other long before they met. Is this why?
He felt a shadow cover him. ‘A cost,’ they told him. ‘There will be a cost. Foresight, our gift to them, will cost them everything.’
Their family, their friends? Every last one? If I give them this gift, they will eventually lose everyone they love.
‘You understand our insight. For Anna it has already happened. For Antal, it is happening at this very moment.’
I can’t!
‘You already have. It has already happened. It is always happening. It always will.’
I can’t be responsible. Anna has lost everyone she loves. I can’t.
The Shilvar before him faded. He stared down at himself, physically identical to the Peter he was now. Yet, he was so much younger. So much stronger. So much braver. He stood at the forefront of a battalion, five-million strong. They followed him. They loved him. A time before even the Iástrons existed. A time when he refused to share his gift and take responsibility for the pain it always caused. A time when he recalled being so passionate and determined.
Not like now. Now when he withdrew and laboured alone.
‘You, Peter Marx, must find yourself again. You must rediscover that passion and strength if you want to fight. If you want to win.’
I don’t know how to find my strength. I don’t know what I’m fighting for anymore.
‘And that, Peter Marx, is why you lose.’
He opened his eyes, felt the cold stems squash down upon his shoulders, slip across his clothes, and rise up into the tree-line. They slunk down, back across the ground as if they were serpents retreating from threat.
His thoughts, however, remained with him. It was the Shilvar which facilitated those reflections, allowing him to locate and reveal the very best from deep within. Realising what he must do. The Shilvar itself perceived him, and he knew one thing above all was clear.
‘It is me that will go to Earth.’


EIGHTY-SEVEN




DAYS AND NIGHTS passed.
Anna spent most of the time with her Sonii companion, walking the woods and speaking to the creatures she came across. She never thought it possible, but she felt at home. Gílana and Ruben and Callista seemed like distant memories. Sad memories, but here they couldn’t hurt her. When she wasn’t with the Sonii, she paced the picturesque gardens below Cádrabie with Peter.
On her seventh day upon the Blue and Green World, as she wandered a section of the nearby woods with several Sonii, a voice could be heard calling behind. Peter approached her, grave and solemn. ‘It is time,’ he said.
‘Time for us to do something?’
He nodded and turned. Anna left the Sonii and followed him to the top of the great hill; and there among the Shilvar’s roots they spoke.
‘We need to talk about Gilaxiad,’ Peter said. ‘Do not be surprised, Anna. It has been with you for so long, as it has been with me. In our thoughts. In our dreams. In our very souls. And, until a short time ago, neither of us knew what it meant.
‘Oh, I heard the word Gilaxiad. It was also in my dreams. For many years before I arrived upon Erebus. There the darkness took my gift, kept it at bay, but Gilaxiad was always there. And the Zinn knew it too. Below Tempest-Beta they screamed the word, having heard the legend themselves.
‘When I asked them what it meant, they said: Gone are days of peace and hope, in their place death and darkness rain, lost are memories of power once owned, and through the one may they once more gain. The rest, Anna, I heard from the Sonii, and from the Shilvar:
‘Xenolith lures them across the abyss, in courage and strength to refuse the masters. A deadly host to place the deathly kiss. Darkness for one. Light comes hereafter.’
‘It’s a riddle,’ she said. ‘A challenge?’
‘Of a sort. But it goes deeper than that, more profound.’ He repeated the lines again. ‘It’s the same in every great language I know, Anna.’ And he translated the prophecy into Áluna, the language of Earth’s moon:

Grigin abpat ach elta pos
Immalat ach izaram urcha pin
Leysanat fil grin abdu mar
Ach-ent ar iyn avar maran
Xuran ya volick-ent ar deep
Ico-dact ach prat mar yell Masta
Ar fudim tatwal ar blu at
Dazal ann iyn. Silris somos

He spoke the same words in the language of Crilshar.
Gilaxiad.
The language of Enustine, Bravoral, Samos, Canopus, Titan, Mars, Xidaberg, and Scimaran, and many others besides.
Gilaxiad. Gilaxiad. Gilaxiad.
‘I don’t understand, Peter. The words they said are the same in every language? How is that possible?’
‘The Sonii explained to me,’ he replied, ‘that the old prophecies appear in the prominent languages of the day in which they are said to occur. For those they effect the greatest. They say it’s not a prophecy in the sense we understand it otherwise.’
‘I don’t understand it,’ she said.
‘Listen to it again.’
He repeated it, slowly and forcefully.
‘I see it!’ she said, before he had finished. ‘The first letter of each phrase. G-I-L-A-X-I-A-D.

Gone are days of peace and hope
In their place death and darkness rain
Lost are memories of power once owned
And through the one may they once more gain
Xenolith lures them across the abyss
In courage and strength to refuse the masters
A deadly host to place the deathly kiss
Darkness for one. Light comes hereafter

‘So that’s what it is? Gilaxiad is a prophecy?’
‘That’s what I thought, at first. But after conversing with the Shilvar it appears we are only correct in part. The old prophecies – the old “iad” as they seem to call them – they each referred to creatures, to people. And so the Gilaxiad refers to a living person. Through the one may they once more gain.’
She breathed out slowly.
‘Yes, Anna. It’s you. We sent the Sonii for you. You are the one that will do as the prediction foretells.’
‘But what . . . what can I do?’
‘Lost are memories of power once owned. Through you, Anna, the change will come.’
‘What change? For who?’
‘That is all to come, child.’
A flash of Callista, of baby Ruben, of Justus and Gílana and her uncle and parents—
‘No! I can’t!’ She stood and at once fell back upon the swelling roots. ‘I was supposed to be going to Earth. What point is there if everyone is gone?’
‘They won’t be, Anna. We will do something.’
‘Do what? There is nothing we can do! I’ve been here days. They’re all gone!’
Peter smiled. ‘All these days you have been patient.’
‘Have I?’
‘In your own manner, yes. You have trusted me. And you would be wrong to think I have been idle. I have spent much time deliberating with our friends here. The Shilvar are a power and a light like no other. You spoke with them only briefly. They have seen within you. They have told me what I must now do.’
‘But what do I do?’
‘I do not know,’ he said, and Anna remained upon the ground. ‘I mean to say that the Shilvar have not seen fit to share your future with me. It is too delicate a matter, I think. You will speak to them alone soon, and they will explain everything. They will have to. If it exists, you are the Gilaxiad. You present our greatest hope.’
‘How?’
‘I have no idea. Maybe I never will. But have hope. The journey’s not yet over. The Shilvar have, however, shared with me what I must do. My part comes now. But in order to do it, I need something from you. I have explained to you everything I can. Now it is your turn.’
‘What can I tell you?’
‘Tell me everything. Tell me what happened on Titan. Tell me what you saw.’
And so they sat all evening, and Anna explained the attack upon Titan with as much detail as she could. She would have avoided talking about her uncle or her sister if it were possible, and she could tell by Peter’s reaction that it hurt to hear her speak of it, but the events were so connected that it was impossible to tell it any other way. She described their deaths, alongside the arrival of the beastly army, the coming of the great being, almost human, and revealed how it disappeared as though into the air itself after being shot down by Ferranti and Kramer’s craft.
At that point Peter asked her to stop, and he seemed to take great interest in the creature’s ability to vanish into thin air. She explained that Kramer and Ferranti had arrived just in time to stop the thing from killing her, that Ferranti had shot it many times, taking its arm completely off below the elbow. ‘You see,’ she said. ‘It is possible to kill it.’
‘Is there anything else, Anna?’ he asked. ‘Anything else of importance?’
‘I . . . no.’
‘I see.’
And then a thought and a sound hit her. ‘Well, there is one thing, I think.’
‘Go ahead.’
‘When it disappeared, the thing, it said something.’
‘What, Anna? What?’
‘Three times it shouted. It shouted “return”.’
Peter smiled. ‘I see.’
‘What was it then, Peter? The thing that attacked Titan, the thing that looked human, that came for me, that spoke to me . . . what was it?’
‘It was a creature of the race known as the Gilaxath, Anna. Not to be confused with the Gilaxiad, but connected in part. The Gilaxath are a powerful race. Masterium of the galaxy. The true Masters.’
‘Masters of the Zinn?’
‘Yes.’
‘On the planet, Tempest-Beta,’ she said. ‘When the Zinn made a connection with Erebus, they shouted those words. They shouted Masterium.’
‘The vessel we know as Erebus was an ancient thing,’ he said. ‘The old Zinn abandoned it and went into something of a hibernation on the planet below. They lost their connection with their ship and therefore any way to return to it. Until you arrived. When you placed that bracelet upon your wrist you triggered a succession of events which has culminated in what you have all experienced. The Zinn, in bonding once again with Erebus and the power at its centre, were able to communicate with those they left behind. They were calling their masters.’
‘And their masters came.’
‘From the other side of the galaxy, they came.’
‘But everybody thinks that the black asteroid, the black ship, that it is Erebus itself, come for us.’
‘It is not Erebus, Anna. It is something far worse. It is them. The Masterium. The Gilaxath.’ He sat in silence for some time. ‘These creatures are organised hierarchically. The powerful at the top. The weak at the bottom. They are more like us than I could have imagined.’
‘Only worse.’
‘Only worse,’ Peter agreed.
‘The Alignment is gone,’ she said. ‘It’s all lost. Everything.’
‘No, Anna. We can stop them.’
‘How?’
‘The Instant Cannon.’


EIGHTY-EIGHT




‘WHAT IS THE Instant Cannon, Peter?’
He laughed. ‘I could have procured a thousand better names. But Instant Cannon is the most direct translation the Sonii provided. It’s a hard thing to explain, but I’ll do as I can in the time we have, which is not much. Follow me.’
He led her down the hill into the area of wood walled off by thick shrubs of sharp pink. Several Sonii dangled down from branches above them, watching and waiting as though on guard. At the bottom, through a grove swirling strong streams of air around them, Peter stopped.
A clearing stood beyond, in the middle of which lay a great mound of wood. Not wood. The bark of the Shilvar.
‘The Shilvar,’ Peter said, ‘have no perception, no sensitivity, to time. To its passing or its effects. From what I deem they come from a place unaffected by such a barrier as we have upon us. A broken clock, almost.’
‘What does that mean?’
‘It means, Anna, that the bark of the Shilvar not only creates an effect parallel to the ultimatt engines of our vessels, impassive to the light barrier, but also unresponsive to the concept of time. It gives them, and now us, an implausible advantage.’
‘How does it work?’
‘I have not the energy nor the time now to explain. Perhaps the Sonii will.’
‘Why can’t you? I still don’t understand.’
‘I have my duty now, Anna. I mustn’t delay. Countless lives depend on it. I go to Earth. How, where, and when I do not know. The past is impossible to reach. I do not know what it is I will find, or do, or see, or experience. I don’t know where I am going. I believe it is Earth. But I must trust the Shilvar, as they trust in me.’
Anna looked across at the great mound as one-hundred Sonii threw poles of fire upon it. The fire spread, burning with a great light. Peter stood before it, silhouetted against a dazzling flame. And in that moment Anna understood.
‘You are the Accentaurian.’
Peter turned in surprise. ‘I have not heard that name in time beyond count!’
‘So it’s true? You are?’
‘Yes, I am the Accentaurian. Or, at least I was. I protected the system Accentauria for centuries. I fought the Imperial Wars of Accentaurib. I was named the Accentaurian before I fell, and rose again. But not in eight-hundred years has a soul spoken the name to me. Nor have I thought of it.’
‘The Instant Cannon,’ she muttered; then to him, ‘so you are yet to do the things I think you have already done. For me, at least. If not you, then somebody who has used the name. Somebody who has given us hope.’
‘Whatever do you mean?’
‘You haven’t done it yet. You haven’t sent me the message. But you will.’
‘Now I do not understand, Anna.’
‘You will,’ she said. ‘Where’s my backpack?’
In minutes she had charged to her camp on the other side of the hill and returned to a bewildered Peter. Things were clearer than they had been since she arrived on the alien world, clearer than they had in months. She handed Peter the backpack and said, ‘Take it! I’d forgotten all about it. There are things in here you will need. Four things, in fact.’
‘What things?’
‘A message. You must listen to it first. It was my voice. All that time. I sent it to myself.’
‘Just a message?’
‘Edgar Mokrikov’s diary. That too. It explains everything about the Iástrons since Europa fell.’
‘What?’
‘Just read it, Peter. Trust me. Kramer’s face-covering is in there too. All the research compiled on Erebus. Don’t you see? We have a way to fight them!’
Peter reached out and took the pack from her. ‘What was the fourth?’
‘The fourth?’
‘You told me there were four things in here.’
‘The fourth,’ she said. ‘The fourth . . . it was . . . the Gilaxiad.’ Silence as they stared at each other. ‘Me. Send me back instead.’
‘No.’
‘Why not send me?’
‘Your fate, Anna, does not rest on Earth, I think, but another place entirely. You are happy here?’
‘I am,’ she said, without even thinking. She missed Callista and everyone else. But the pain she had felt on board the Stellarstream was like a distant memory. Yes, she was happy here.
‘Okay. But if you can go back . . . can’t you go back and stop us finding Erebus in the first place . . . stop us waking the dark?’
‘That is not why I return. You have given me these things. It won’t take your life. We will defeat the Gilaxath and the Zinn with knowledge.’ He walked towards the burning mountain, a bonfire of blessed lumber. Light rolled upwards, yet there was no smoke. It was time.
‘Peter?’
Slowly, he turned. ‘Yes, Anna?’
‘Will I ever see you again?’
‘I don’t know. I don’t . . . think so.’
‘Then tell me . . .’
His head tilted to the side. The fire burned louder behind him. ‘What?’
‘Tell me something. Anything. All this time, and I . . . how old are you?’
‘Too old.’
‘But you’re not alone. You’ve not always been alone . . . have you?’
He frowned, fighting back a deluge of tears. He shook his head.
‘I will stay here. But I will see you again, Peter. You won’t be alone again.’
‘I was never alone, Anna. None of us are ever truly alone.’
She hung her head.
‘Goodbye, Anna.’
She looked up to witness a blinding light, and a burning heat, and she recoiled, backing up with her hands in front of her face. Peter walked forwards. The light withdrew, but the blackness which replaced it was greater in intensity. It forced the air from her lungs. A freezing wind stole her breath away. Anna watched the stars through a tear in the cosmos itself.
And then Peter was gone.
Anna Berenguer turned back to the Shilvar, around her and up on the hill behind. She heard a voice in her head. A kind, sad voice. It was them, and it was her. It was neither, and at the same time both. It said: ‘Dark days are here. The struggle begins. Now comes truth. Now we find a way to save this race.’


EIGHTY-NINE



FRANCIUM
EARTH
FORTY YEARS AGO

ANTAL JUSTUS LAY on his back in the middle of a forest. He watched the sky through a clearing in the tree line, unable to move or to think. He could only watch. The blue sky lingered on the horizon, and disappeared. The moon shone, already bright and reflected in his blue-eyed gaze.
Listen to me now, son. This is the truth. His father’s voice filled his head. You see through my eyes, and the eyes of everyone we have touched. Like an echo in a pond. You hear with my ears, and the ears of everyone whose lives we have stirred.
Justus looked beside him. Lanfranc Vortan, only a young man, smiled back. He knew through which eyes he saw.
Mother . . .
A deep humming like crushing thunder echoed from above. A star shot across the sky.
Justus and Vortan jumped up eagerly and charged through the cold night forest in the direction of the fallen star. He could feel the elation, the adventure, the fearlessness. The memory felt so familiar.
They were rushing through the forest which blurred around them. Past a deep divide in the tree line stood a crater. He did not wait and charged recklessly down into the ash and the mud. Lanfranc appeared beside and took his hand . . . his mother’s hand.
A body lay at the crater’s centre. Justus rushed to it, crawling through the dark mire. The boy moved and coughed, found his feet, and then fell. His clothes were singed black.
‘What’s that?’ Vortan said, pointing near the body.
Justus dropped down and crawled towards the boy. Beside him lay a bag, black and ashen with twinges of gold. ‘It’s a pack,’ he said. ‘A backpack, I think.’
‘Careful,’ Vortan said. ‘Just be careful. Don’t touch it. We don’t know who he is!’
‘He’s just a boy. Close to our age. Hello,’ Justus said. ‘Are you all right? Can you hear me?’
The boy grumbled, lay on his back. ‘They . . . it . . . coming . . .’ he murmured. ‘Coming . . . no . . . no, really . . . coming . . .’
‘Come on,’ said Lanfranc. ‘We should leave him. He could have come from anywhere out there.’
‘I’m not leaving him! Run back to the manor and fetch some of the grounds-men.  There may still be some around.’
‘Casandra, no! He could be dangerous.’
‘I am not leaving him! Now go on. Run back and I’ll wait here.’
Vortan ran from the crater as Justus remained with the boy on his knees, covered in ash and dirt. The boy turned over and looked up at him.
Justus recognised his face. Peter Marx!
‘What’s your name?’ his mother asked through him.
Peter didn’t reply.
Justus’ hand – his mother’s youthful palm – stroked Peter’s cheek and leaned in closer. ‘I’m Casandra. Casandra Justus. Where did you come from?’
‘Far . . . away,’ he said.
‘Who are you?’
‘Cathal,’ he said. ‘My name is Cathal.’
She smiled. ‘Hello Cathal.’
‘Where am I?’
‘Earth,’ she said.
‘What . . . year is it?’
‘Forty-two twenty-two.’
‘I made it,’ he said. ‘It . . . worked!’
‘What worked? You’ve been mumbling. You said something’s coming. What is coming?’
‘They are,’ he said. ‘They are coming.’
‘Who’re they?’
‘It’s over,’ he said.
‘What’s coming, Cathal?’
His head lolled back. He closed his eyes and mumbled, ‘They are coming.’
From the moment I met your mother, Antal, I loved her. And she loved me. There were many things I had yet to do. Many things which will be unclear to you now. But when I returned, I found her again. I knew who she was. I knew what it meant. I knew what I would then have to do.


AVARIS CITY HOSPICE, FRANCIUM
EARTH
TWENTY-SEVEN YEARS AGO

A baby crying. A mother smiling. The day Peter Marx became a father.
When I married your mother, Antal, it was the happiest I had ever been. The journey to Earth through a split in time had drained every last ounce of my strength. When I returned to Earth forty years ago, I returned without my gift. But it was a gift in itself. I aged. I could live. I could love. I knew what was coming. But I had found something special. I found the change I had been looking for. The change I needed to find the man I once was. And all it took was you, Antal. All it took was a son.
A nurse handed newborn Antal into his father’s arms.
I realised then that I could not stay, that your future was too entwined with my past, that you once told me you never knew your father, that I had to leave, to leave you and your mother, the woman I loved almost as much as my baby boy.
Peter held baby Antal close, kissed him on the forehead, agony in his eyes. He placed his hand over his son’s head and a light passed from him into the baby; a gift that would remain forever; a brightness of the Shilvar that no journey or nightmare could take away.
There could be no record of me on Earth. But know this: I always watched over you. Even when you left Earth and disappeared I watched out for you, everywhere you went. I knew where your destiny lay, because it was I who had made it.
Peter placed Antal into his crib and walked away. The room burst into pastel white, solid and detached. In its place surged a corridor, bright and long and silent . . .


CENTRAL CITY INFIRMARY
TITAN
EIGHTEEN YEARS AGO

Peter Marx marched along the pure white hospital corridor, a long brown robe sweeping along the floor behind him. He turned left, then right, and entered a room filled with light and laughter and untold happiness. He held his breath and approached the closest bed.
Nolkiet Odéto sat up, blonde hair draped over her shoulders, a child clutched in her arms. Beside her bed stood Dathlan Berenguer, a tall, slim man, the picture of Titanese strength. Peter stopped before them, bowing his head in prayer.
‘Who are you?’ asked a dark-skinned old woman, emerging as from nowhere. Peter breathed deeply, recognising one whom he loved. Lucasta-Callista was just as he remembered her. ‘I asked who you were,’ she said again.
‘My name,’ he said, ‘is Orman Day. I am with the Sacred Decree of Years, here upon Titan on an errand to the Lady Pinzón.’
‘I have heard of your Decree,’ said Dathlan Berenguer. ‘How go the movements in Accentauria? I hear the lay masses are more trouble than they’re worth.’
‘It is an article of our faith that nobody is worth less than unreserved devotion.’
Callista interrupted. ‘What brings you here, cleric? Lady Pinzón does not visit hospitals.’
Dathlan Berenguer stepped forward. ‘Excuse my . . . elderly relative. I am Dathlan Berenguer. This is my wife, Nolkiet. And Callista, my aunt. What can I do for you?’
‘It is an honour.’ He smiled to the new mother. ‘I always like to visit the hospital as part of my stay.’ He looked down to the child. ‘Your newborn?’
Dathlan looked back to Nolkiet. ‘Our first, yes. This is little Anna.’
‘Hello, Anna Berenguer. May I?’
‘Please do.’ Dathlan handed the baby girl to Peter, whose heart ached with longing, with memory, with sadness. He placed his hand over Anna’s forehead and the same light passed from him into her; a gift that would remain forever; a brightness of the Shilvar that no journey or nightmare could take away.
Callista stepped forward suddenly, suspicious, ogling the cleric impolitely. ‘Do I know you?’
‘No,’ he said. ‘No, you don’t.’
‘Who did you say you were?’
‘Orman Day. You are right to be suspicious, ma’am. This child is very special. Take good care of her.’
Lucasta-Callista took the child back, held her close. ‘I intend to,’ she said. ‘I intend to.’
It was done. Anna Berenguer and Antal Justus, gifted by the Shilvar, joined like no others ever would. Now I knew you would find each other; dream and see; witness what nobody else ever could. It was then that I realised just what fate and destiny were, and just who it was that commanded them. It is us. All along and throughout history it was humanity that controlled its own destiny.
The hospital room faded . . .


BLACK MARKET CITY
MARS
SIX MONTHS AGO

A silver-bearded Peter stood alone on the docking platform of the Martian Colony, looking out at a crimson craft as it came to land. He smiled, before making his way back inside, ready to wait for Adra Dimal and the crew of the Crimson Flux to come; he told them in the message he sent to the craft to come here, just not exactly where. They would stray into the Black Market, he had no doubt. He would wait for them there.
The docking platform faded . . .
. . . Peter crouched in the dark corner of a dark tent as Adra Dimal fell through the canopy.
Watching as though from above, Justus felt a familiar urge to hold Adra, who sat on the ground for minutes before contacting her crew. She completed the communication and then mumbled. ‘And now you’re gone. But I’d do anything to get you back.’
‘Would you really?’
Dimal twisted on the spot. ‘What?’
‘I said would you really do anything to get him back?’
‘Who’re you?’
Peter moved closer. ‘I know you miss him, Adra, but to get Antal Justus back, it will take all of your strength, courage, and resolve.’
‘How—?’
‘Now stay calm. Take a seat, Adra.’
Dimal sat on a nearby stool as Peter lit a bright-beam and then sat on a stool himself. ‘How do you know my name?’ she asked. ‘Who are you?’
‘Right now it’s safer if I don’t tell you my name. Know only that I wish to help. Many lives are at stake, not only your own or Antals.’
‘How do you know so much? You can’t possibly be—’
‘Reading your mind? Don’t be silly.’
‘Then how?’
He smiled. ‘You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.’
‘Don’t joke.’
Peter paused. ‘Look, I called you here because we both know you want the man you love back. And he wants to return to you, trust me he does. But right now he’s in more danger than he’s ever been in.’
‘It was you that called us here? How do you know all this?’
‘Because, all of this is bigger than you know. There are many more players and the stakes are a lot higher than anybody realises, especially Antal. He’s in deep . . . but I think that is where he is meant to be.’
‘Who are you?’
‘He can’t do it alone. He needs you, Adra. More than you or he could ever know.’
‘Who are you? Why do you want to help us?’
Peter sighed. ‘War is coming, Adra. War which engulf all the Systems, and all of humankind. It is beginning right now, below Crilshar. And everything will soon fall apart . . .’
‘How do you know?’
‘I need Antal. We all do.’
‘For what?’
‘I’m not sure.’
‘Well that’s really helpful!’
‘Now listen.’ He took her hand. ‘We are very short on time, and Antal is so very far away. But there is a way you can help him.’
Adra sat back. ‘I’m listening.’
‘There is a woman,’ Peter said. ‘A woman on Titan. Find her. Tell her that her master sends his call, and she will help you. I know she will.’ He handed her a handwritten letter. ‘Take this, Adra. Take it and read it. Only you. Burn it once you are done.’
‘What is it?’
‘The only way you can save him.’
The room faded . . .
From there, my son, I returned to Earth to await your arrival. I sent Adra Dimal and your crew to Titan, to collect the Iástron Lucasta-Callista, for she was the only one with the power to find me among the dark of Tempest-Beta, for which I also gave them coordinates. They were to rescue you, bring you back to Earth, and save Empress Adelaide Abacco from the fall of Enustine. Her fortune has had an impact on the entire Alignment.
Once on Earth I waited by your mother’s grave. The timing was poor, and as your ship burned I followed you into Avaris City. It was there I rescued you from the private club owned by your former employer, Jules Ditton. I left you where you would be safe, with your step-father. It was only after I found out from Vortan of your planned rescue from Malizar’s Estate that I intervened and revealed myself. The rest you are aware of.
All images faded, leaving a canvas of pure black.
Now I know you will be unsure about so many things, so many questions forming in your mind. But there is one thing I want to make absolutely clear as we sit in this dark cell together. I love you, and will always protect you, so long as there is breath in my body. And so, my son . . .
Justus looked up into the eyes of Peter Marx.
‘. . . It is me.’


NINETY




PETER STARED INTO his son’s eyes. He released him and they both fell back. Justus stared up silently, emotionless, nursing his burning arm. Then he threw himself forward and clutched Peter with all his strength, not caring for the pain bursting through his body.
‘I have a father.’
‘You do. You always had me!’
‘Not like this! Not like this!’
Justus wept, tears overflowing, releasing a lifetime of pent-up grief.
‘In all the long centuries of my life,’ Peter said, ‘I have never felt as happy as I do holding you close. No matter what the circumstance.’
‘It’s you,’ Justus said. ‘I can see it in your eyes. I never could before. But now I can. You’re so old. How? Where’s your gift?’
‘Taken. Taken as I journeyed here. So, so far.’
‘How?’
‘It was taken. It was . . . lost.’
A hammering pounded the outside of the holding cell. The door whined and swung open. Edgar Mokrikov gazed down from the open door. He was battered and bruised but alert.
‘Edgar?’ Peter said.
‘Well then,’ Mokrikov cried. ‘Come!’
Peter raised Justus to his feet, careful with his severely bruised leg and loosely-suspended arm. Together they hurried through the rows of metal containers. Justus couldn’t understand if what he was seeing was real. Around them, men in blue body armour rushed back and forth, opening the containers and helping the forgotten captives to their feet. Many were filled with still bodies, and those that were alive could barely walk. The armed men had arrived just in time.
‘They aren’t Allied Moon,’ he said in a daze. ‘Who are they, Peter?’
‘You will see soon enough,’ he answered, and the three pushed on. They passed several bloodied bodies along the way: masked members of the Allied Moon. Up the many steps and through the white corridors of the estate’s underground, Mokrikov led them higher. Into a dark, empty room, they lowered Justus to the ground.
‘How many have fallen?’ Peter asked.
‘The estate is under your control,’ Mokrikov said.
‘And Malizar?’
‘It’s you, isn’t it?’ the Rotavarian said. ‘You’re the contact. You’re the one leading these men.’
‘What?’ Justus said. ‘These soldiers are yours, Peter?’
‘Yes and yes.’
Mokrikov stared for what seemed like an age at Peter, then turned and took hold of Justus’ arm. He struggled, but Mokrikov was strong. The Rotavarian closed his eyes and Justus cried out in anguish. He pulled away. Mokrikov didn’t allow it. A loud crack met their ears, and he released him. Justus held his arm up. Tingling. Numb.
It wasn’t broken. He stared down and moved the arm from side to side. And the truth hit him. He wasn’t the only one. ‘How?’
‘Edgar Mokrikov is a Iástron,’ Peter explained, helping them both back to their feet. ‘A slave to his master.’ He opened the door. ‘But even a slave can find the courage to unshackle himself.’
Mokrikov jumped forward and blocked the doorway. ‘How do you know that about me? Who are you?’
‘I too was shackled once.’
‘I remained here because I was asked to. Long ago.’
‘Edgar, you have remained here. I asked you to. At great risk to yourself, you did.’
A ringing chime echoed along the corridor outside. Mokrikov jumped back and slammed the door shut. Justus took the Rotavarian’s blaster from him and moved to cover the room from the Allied Moon guard now outside.
Peter caught Mokrikov as he stumbled aside, then fell to his knees. ‘Edgar!’
Justus opened the door and fired along the corridor. ‘I can see three!’
Peter held Mokrikov in his arms, blood seeping through his coat. Mokrikov’s head drooped back. ‘Death mocks me. It always has.’
‘Edgar, I’m sorry,’ he said. ‘You were a charming boy. You are a good man still. I’m so sorry.’
‘No . . . sorry.’
‘Where is he?’
‘It is you, master,’ he whispered, struggling to speak.
‘Yes, it is me. Where has Marrak gone?’
Slowly, ‘The master . . . he has gone. Gone up there.’
‘To Luna? Is that where?’
‘Gone to greet them. Gone to sacrifice . . . to submit.’
‘Thank you, Edgar.’
Mokrikov smiled. ‘You recognise me?’
‘Of course I recognise you. Sorry is no word to make up for what has happened to you.’
Even slower now, he said, ‘I dreamed . . . I dreamed of seeing you again. No apology. Thank you . . .’ Peter watched, helpless, as he faded. ‘Thank . . . you.’
At the door, Justus fired three more times. A high-pitched yell from the corridor. Justus turned back inside. ‘Has he . . . ?’
He nodded, tears in his eyes. ‘We need to go.’
‘Where, father?’
‘The moon is our ally,’ Peter said.


NINETY-ONE




THE WIND HOWLED as Aíron Veryan hauled the unconscious-but-breathing body of Raj Timbur into the back of the parked ground vehicle. At the back of Malizar’s estate, the ground was black as ash, and she fell to her knees as she wept, devoid of all strength.
Noah and Shree. Dead. Dead for sure. No doubt. But she had Raj back. Noah and Shree. Sacrificed themselves to get him out. They died together. Raj was alive. Aíron hoped Dimal had managed to get to Justus in time.
She pulled Raj up and into the vehicle, falling once again to her knees as she did. ‘Noah,’ she mumbled. ‘Shree . . . got to go . . . oh . . . please, Raj . . . come on!’
She lay him on the passenger seat and slammed the vehicle door shut, then charged round to the driver’s side. As she opened the door and clambered in, several masked men appeared before the vehicle, great rifles aimed at her where she sat.
‘Don’t shoot! Please!’ she cried.
A loud rumbling grew beneath the trees nearby. An enormous body of scorching metal appeared over the hill. The masked soldiers before her turned and covered their ears, some dropping their weapons. The Scarlet Flux bellowed above, lifting off and roaring into the sky.
Aíron waited for no one and forced the vehicle forwards, mowing down any that got in her way. A body hit the windshield. Both shattered. She swerved left, missing both a guard and the iron gate and raced away down the country road.


NINETY-TWO




THE SCARLET FLUX gunned through the vast gap between Earth and Luna. But it was not alone. As the blue, clouded world grew smaller behind, tiny flecks of light shadowed. The Allied Moon followed.
Justus sat with his head in his hands, still coming to terms with his new reality. It was though a cloud had lifted from before him and he was experiencing life as it actually was. Life as everyone else knew it.
Peter leaned over the controls, mumbling to himself as he placed the Flux onto autopilot. ‘Listen to me now, Antal. I need to explain.’
‘I’ve seen what I need,’ Justus said. ‘You’ve shown me so much. I doubt you could explain it all.’
‘I don’t think I could. But some things I have to. I trained you for this. I taught you as much as I could because I knew this was coming. Because it has already happened once. I was not there, but I am here now.’
‘How?’
‘Because of Anna Berenguer.’
He beamed. ‘Anna’s alive?’
‘Yes, Antal. She’s alive. So alive!’
He looked ahead. Luna was in sight. Anna. Alive. He smiled. ‘You kept disappearing. You’ve been here forty years. What were you doing all that time?’
‘If you knew that the end of everything was coming what would you do?’
‘I’m not like you, Peter. I’m not strong.’
‘Very soon you will see just how strong you are. You have to be stronger than me. I was never training you to take on Malizar. He is and has always been my enemy. But you . . . you must fight an even greater evil. Something is coming. The Dark and Silent Invasion is nearing its close. All our futures will be decided tonight.’
‘What’s coming, Peter? Why did you come back?’
‘Marrak Malizar has caused so much damage. He manipulated Crilshar in a mistaken attempt to strengthen the Alignment. But it has had the opposite effect. The Dishan preserved their own needs. What Marrak did not count upon was the goodness of a Crilshan man. Yux Dishan did not serve him as he so surely believed he would. Yux saved the life of Ruben Berenguer. And together the two put aside their differences to prevent the fall of what was left of the Alignment. They saved Anna and Callista from Titan. Saved us all. Then, because of Anna, I was able to return in full knowledge of these events.’
Justus caught his eye, witnessed a flicker of excitement that so resembled his own. ‘What have you done?’ he asked.
Peter looked down.
‘Father?’
He looked up, smiled, motioned out of the backward viewing casement. Justus looked out to see the Allied Moon crafts following behind. Several bright bursts of light and both were forced to shield their eyes. When Justus looked again the crafts had been replaced by a dozen more, many of which were now travelling alongside the Flux.
‘Watch out!’
‘It’s not the Allied Moon!’
‘Who are they, Peter?’
‘The Laxiad, son.’
‘What?’
Luna loomed in the distance, reaching ever closer.
Peter placed a warm hand on his shoulder. ‘The Laxiad perished a long time ago. Now it rises anew. Now we take on the Allied Moon. You, Antal, will take on the Great Enemy. You will protect Earth. You will, and were always meant to be, Vontaura.’


‘Sixty-nine minutes ago communication with the Martian Colony was lost.’ Two-hundred cloaked shapes formed a circle round the Dark Lord Malizar. ‘We are all that remain.’
Their faces were clammy, bodies shaking. Some stood firm, but they were few. The master’s poise prevailed. His confident tone rang irrational. A gleaming silver sceptre rested in his hand. Mistress Sudana was at his side, dark veil hanging before her face.
The Von were gathered, summoned to the moon. Above, the great ceiling of the Luna Athenaeum bowed down, choleric faces of the high exalted watched as the end arrived.
‘What about the Alignment?’ Vortan pushed to the front of the ground, having been forced to the moon with the rest.
‘The Alignment is no more,’ Sudana said. ‘I have been there myself. They are consumed.’
‘Consumed by what?’
‘We must submit!’ cried one of the silver-cloaked Von. ‘We must submit and beg for our lives.’
‘There is no other way now,’ another said. Several more agreed.
Vortan watched Malizar’s reaction. He had none.
‘What are we to do?’ spoke Von Runit.
‘Fallen to what?’ Von Fallacine asked. ‘To whom?’
‘To a force not of our Systems,’ Malizar answered. ‘From beyond our frontier.’
‘Invaders?’
‘Slithered beneath us, dark and silent and swift in delivering death.’
‘You fool!’ Vortan cried. ‘You brought this upon us! You and your power plays, your avarice knows no bounds! Well . . . Well, look at what you have done. You have killed us all!’
Runit pushed past Vortan. ‘We must submit! We must submit and beg for our lives!’
‘That appears to be our only option,’ Malizar said. ‘Though I still think we can fight.’
‘Fight?’ Von Uibat said. ‘Fight with what?’
‘WITH THE ORDER OF THE ALLIED MOON!’ Malizar motioned and from the Grand Hall marched a group of two thousand red-caped men. All were armed; they did not shout or shake or sweat. ‘My order attempted to combat the invasion. But no military effort can halt them. We are left now with only one choice. We will show our strength, demonstrate what service we could deliver, and we submit. There is no other way now.’


NINETY-THREE




PETER AND JUSTUS leapt from the Flux and hastened down the many stairs leading from the great glass rings and through a mighty arch of stone. Images of Dimal running alongside many months ago flashed before him. Their footfalls echoed ahead through the great empty hall. Abandoned, but for—
‘Master!’
The two spun. Several men approached. They bore blue armour, just like the men that had come to their aid beneath Malizar’s estate. They hurried forwards and bowed to Peter, flickering glances made towards Justus.
‘Speak quickly,’ Peter said.
‘Master, they are all here.’
Peter looked down at them, no longer the feeble-looking boy, but an elderly, wise, commanding man. ‘The Von and the Allied Moon?’
‘They are standing off right now. Inside the Grand Hall. Lord Malizar has revealed everything.’
‘Gather the others,’ he told one. ‘Everyone else, follow me.’
They marched quickly through two more cavernous halls. Various groups clad in dark blue joined with the force, until they neared one-thousand in number. The Laxiad reformed. They reached the Grand Hall. The many men and women of the Von and Allied Moon turned in wonder at the unexpected arrival.
‘Who is this?’ Malizar shouted.
‘The Laxiad submits its call for Vontaura!’ Peter cried.
‘You?’ The Dark Lord laughed.
‘No!’ he said. ‘A combination of all our parties. Stand as one and we need not flinch at the sight of our Enemy.’
Many of the Von heard Peter’s words and at once moved to stand beside the blue legion of the Laxiad, affirming their opposition to the Allied Moon. Each took out a sabre. Long had they waited to fight the malicious force which had infiltrated the Rivers, their home.
The Allied Moon took out their own weapons, crying, ‘Deserters! Kill them!’
‘Surrender!’ called the Laxiad.
‘Submit!’ cried the Von.
‘STOP!’ The voice of Lord Malizar held them in their place.
Justus looked at Peter, who stood facing the cloaked man with an expression he couldn’t decipher: it could have been fear, anger, or, mostly probably, somewhere between.
‘How you have managed once again to intervene I do not know,’ Malizar said, gesturing with Peter’s silver sceptre held in his hand. ‘But for whatever reason you have come here, I swear you will rue it. What can you do that I cannot? There is nothing any of us can do to stop what is coming.’
‘Yes,’ Peter said. ‘There is.’
Malizar laughed. ‘Who are you?’
Peter stepped forward. ‘You know who I am, Marrak. I’m sorry.’
The cloaked lord faltered. He was no fool. His dark eyes dimmed, searching for the answer, struggling to deny the truth. ‘It is . . . no . . . no, it cannot—’
‘Yes.’
‘You can’t be . . .’
‘You have so much to answer for,’ Peter said, taking another slow step toward him. ‘I will never forget what you did. And you will answer for those wrongs. But the threat we now face is so much greater than that.’
‘What do you imagine I’ve been doing?’ Malizar said. ‘The Systemal Alignment was weak. I strengthened it—’
‘You destroyed it!’ Justus cried.
‘It destroyed itself! The only chance we had was the creation of an army.’
‘Marrak, they are all dead.’
‘We lost contact, yes—’
‘We lost contact because there is nobody left to contact. A handful of vessels have survived the invasion which has smashed down upon the Systems, silent and dark and utterly without mercy!’ He stepped forward again. ‘I was there, among those that awoke the night. I saw what was upon Erebus. What was beneath it.’
‘Then you know why we must submit.’
‘I know why we must fight.’
‘Fight! Fight with what? Your band of a thousand? If we forced a weapon into the hand of every last man, woman, and child, even then our victory would be impossible!’
Peter moved close, now in front of Malizar. Justus wanted to move, but something inside told him to remain where he was. ‘I knew a young boy once,’ Peter said. ‘He was special. So much more than all the others. Did you never want to know why you can do all the things you can do, why it was only you that held the Four Canons when nobody else could, why you never really felt like a true Iástron? I knew a young boy. When faced with unbeatable odds he smiled fearlessly and jumped. Jump with me, Marrak—’ he reached out his hand ‘—and give me the sceptre.’
Malizar extended his hand, slowly, hesitantly, and grasped his old master firmly. Peter fell to his knees. Justus took one step before he noticed the weapons raised at him from behind the Dark Lord, who smiled and said, ‘I was never interested in the truth. I decide what is true.’ He raised the sceptre, tipped the sharp edge into Peter’s chin. ‘I hate you, Peter Marx. I have always hated you.’ He lurched back, then forward, raising the sceptre—
SLAM! Malizar collapsed over Peter and landed on his face as a metal staff drove into the back of his skull from behind. Shaking, Vortan dropped the golden staff and took hold of Peter and the silver sceptre.
Outrage ran across the masses. Both groups raised their weapons, preparing to fire from opposing ends of the hall.
‘Wait!’ Vortan said after helping Peter to his feet. ‘We are all on the same side, whether you want to be or not! The only way we can fight what’s coming is if we do so together! The Von, Allied Moon, and the Laxiad. Forget rivalries. Forget Vontaura. Focus on what binds us, not what separates—’
‘NO!’ Malizar picked himself up from the floor, blood dripping down his skull and shoulders. ‘Not this time!’ He stretched out his arms and both Vortan and Peter were taken from their feet and sent soaring through the air. The sceptre landed on the ground and Sudana rushed to pick it up.
‘Take that thing,’ he told her. ‘Keep it from them!’
Sudana raised the sceptre, but stopped dead.
‘What are you doing?’ Malizar cried. ‘Not you as well!’
Sudana shook her head, raised a hand, and pointed towards the hall’s entrance. A group of armed men, two-hundred strong, stood blocking the entrance. Jules Ditton presented himself at the head of the band of fighters, his hairless head shining in the low light of the Athenaeum hall. A blonde, curly-haired woman was with him.
Justus was almost lost for words. ‘Adra?’
Adra Dimal saw him, swallowed, and said nothing. She looked thinner than before, and was draped in the dark armour of Ditton’s private army.
‘What in hell’s name!’ boomed Malizar.
Ditton raised a large rifle and rested it on his shoulder. ‘You started the party without us? Now that was rude.’
‘What are you doing here?’
‘My name is Jules Ditton. Resident and powerhouse of Francium, second River of Euro. I am here to stake my claim to Vontaura.’
Malizar laughed, cold and scornful. Although weakened, his power shook the hall. ‘And which of us are you staking the claim against?’
‘All of you.’ Ditton laughed and motioned above, where all around them men surfaced, having taken up tactical positions. Behind statues and across ceiling beams, gunmen waited. From several surrounding halls the private army emerged.
Justus gazed up, edged closer to Peter.
‘This won’t end well,’ his father said.
‘What do we do?’
‘This is all pointless. I need that sceptre. Without it I cannot help.’
Justus gritted his teeth. ‘I’ll get it.’
‘Be careful, Antal. And stay away from Malizar. He’s my enemy. My mark.’
Malizar stepped into position at the forefront of his order. ‘So the Von and the Laxiad will oppose my Allied Moon. My Allied Moon shall destroy both of them. They no doubt will ally themselves with you and focus on destroying my forces. Meanwhile you will take on all three of us for the mistaken right to greet our overlords and stand proud at the top of a fallen human race?’
Ditton shrugged. ‘Sounds about right.’
Malizar glared. ‘So be it.’
His gesture moved so slowly, and yet faster than any could react. Rows of silver masked beings opened fire, and the response from the Von and Laxiad, now positioned side by side, was equal in rage. Groups charged forward while the forces of Jules Ditton swept in from all sides, enlisting in the fray.
Justus stood back with Peter and Vortan, attempting to catch some glimpse of Dimal across the hall. But she had disappeared amid the fight. Peter seized Justus’ hand and pointed at the veiled witch Sudana, who had charged off to the Great Hall, sceptre in hand.
‘Go!’ Peter cried. ‘Antal, go!’



NINETY-FOUR




JUSTUS CHARGED AWAY from the chaos, pursuing the veiled woman through the farthest halls. She had moved fast along the narrow corridors and around a sequence of enormous statues, then down a series of circular steps. Down into the document libraries. Justus followed without thought.
It was so dark he couldn’t see Sudana, but her voice echoed around him. ‘Poor little Antal Justus . . . lost his mummy . . . nooo, killed his mummy.’
Justus breathed deeply, searching for her among the many metal shelves.
‘Killed his friends . . . lost his friends . . . alone . . . abandoned.’
Her shadow fell across the counter behind him. She crawled along, through into the next room, Peter’s sceptre clutched between her thin fingers. He could knock her over, take her out and run. But what if she did to him what she did back in Malizar’s House? That cold, cruel mine into his mind.
As he watched her, he heard a voice. It was not Sudana. ‘Antal!’ it called.
Is that Dimal? he thought.
‘Antal! Please!’
Absolutely not. It was—
‘Please, sweetheart. Do it for me.’
He turned towards the voice and peered down at his mother, Casandra Justus. She lay in her bed, wrapped in her sheets. In the north wing of Vortan Manor, the two were alone. The windows shut. It was cold. Always cold.
‘I’ve lived a long life,’ she said. ‘A good life. I’m old. Old and tired, so tired. I’m . . . I’m confused. But not about this.’
‘Mum, don’t.’
‘I will only get worse.’
‘Mum—’
‘Antal, you know what I’m going to ask. I will ask one more time.’
‘No, mum.’
‘I begged Lanfranc. He refused outright. He won’t help me. There’s only you left.’
‘I can’t.’
‘You . . . have to, sweetie. There is no cure for this. I will die . . . sooner or later. I will suffer . . . greater pain . . . so much agony. I can’t do it, Antal. The agony—’
‘And what about my agony?!’ he screamed. ‘How am I supposed to live with myself knowing I’ve taken my own mother’s life?!’
Her eyes gazed up at him, and he heard his own words echo through his head. His agony would be nothing compared to hers. His agony was worth sparing hers. He knew it, which is why he fought so hard against it. A drug overdose. That was what she wanted. It was simple. So simple. And yet more difficult than anything he could ever imagine. Could he do it? Dare he?
‘You won’t feel any pain?’
She shook her head.
‘Just like going to sleep?’
Her chin rested on her lower neck, but she hadn’t the strength to raise it again.
‘You’ll drift off to sleep. Quietly. Peacefully.’
She took his hand and guided it gently to the table beside the bed. Inside the top drawer a syringe and several capsules waited. He picked up the smallest, hand shaking. He’d administered her medicine so many times. This time would be the last. He drew out the clear liquid and injected the fluid into her feeding tube. His stomach ached as he did it. His throat was dry, mind spinning. But he couldn’t stop himself.
His eyes met with hers. ‘Good night, mum.’ She smiled at him, then closed her eyes. He leaned over and kissed her forehead. In seconds she was no longer breathing.
He stood back up, his heart beating through his entire body. Time stood still. Blood rushed to his face. He was suddenly so hot. So angry. He had to get out. He rushed past the bed and without looking back left the room . . .
. . . and marched straight into the library hall of the Luna Athenaeum. He stood in a lower corridor of the archives now, surrounded by glass windows. Somebody was at the end. They walked towards him, formed of white mist and cold air. Mother. She cried. He froze. Beside her stood Kaara Mira. Then Raj and Dimal and Noah and Shree and Aíron Veryan, and others he once knew.
Sudana stood behind him, watching, sceptre in hand; he saw her smile through the glass door’s reflection. ‘Now I know your fears,’ she said. ‘Now I know your guilt.’
Fear and guilt. If anything defined his life, it was those two natures. It was pitiful. Poor, pathetic Justus. Overcome by his emotions, debilitating thoughts of loss scattered across his synapses like an icy gale. And the reason the guilt hurt: it was all true. He had been responsible for their deaths. All of them. There was no mystery, no fall guy, no other motivation, no other truth. Nothing between him and that reality.
As he stood there, something simmered through him. A strength. He laughed. ‘Show me these things all you can!’ he said. ‘All I see are reasons to go on. To go on fighting those like you!’ He turned and walked towards her, watched the silver sceptre held at her side—
He stopped. His mother appeared before him. She gazed at him, dark shadows beneath her eyes. ‘Why, Antal? Why did you do it?’ She stood there, actually stood before him. ‘Such a disappointment. How could I ever love a son who did what you did?’ His hands bunched into fists, one foot stepped forward . . .
Sudana stepped back in a panic. She stared him down and regained her composure. ‘So,’ she said, ‘it is you I saw in her head.’
‘What?’
‘Young Anna Berenguer. I looked into her mind and I saw many things. Many things I have never seen before. I looked into her mind and I saw you.’
He breathed in. A smile formed.
‘She’ll be dead now, alas.’
‘Actually,’ he said, striding forwards, ‘I think you’ll find she’s very much alive!’ And he charged towards her, closing his eyes as he passed through the image of his mother; and he knocked the Dark Lord’s mistress down, snatched the sceptre from her grasp, and vaulted away up the steps.


*   *   *

Peter Marx forced his way through the clashing group as absolute chaos reigned. The Grand Hall was overwhelmed by smoke and debris as electric fire, blinding blasters, bullets, and blood filled the room. Human slaughtered human. Ally hacked ally to gushing limbs. The black-rock moon approached and there was nothing he could do.
The collision was inevitable. Somebody had to defy Malizar. He would surrender on behalf of the entire human race if not.
Peter and Vortan were at the edge of a sickening scrap. They fought as best as they could, each armed with a blaster and blade; and in the bloody moment, as a man’s arm was snapped in two before his face, Peter felt like the old man he really was.
Beside him Vortan cut, twist, and parried, knocking his opponent from his feet. Another drove forward. A shower of blaster fire rained down from above. Peter caught his eye and gestured ahead. Malizar was stood upon the highest stair looking down with savage bliss, a cruel ferocity in his eyes. Peter pushed forward once more.
He made it several steps before a heavy blow struck him across the skull from behind and he fell forward into the clashing crowd. He rolled over onto his back in the centre. Two female Von he recognised helped him to his feet, and there they fought side by side. But they did not remain long. The Allied Moon struck back. One of the women dodged an attack, only to be shot down by a renegade of Jules Ditton’s private army.
Peter watched the renegade aim for the other Von. He aimed his own blaster and shot the man square in the forehead.
‘Go!’ he told the Von-lady. ‘Get out of here.’
‘Never!’ she retorted. ‘We are Von!’
A blaster round pierced her heart and she fell down dead.
Large bodies drove forward, knocking Peter’s firearm from his hand. He swung his long blade, swiping through one dark body. Stabbing another. He knocked a third out with the blade hilt. He spotted Malizar again.
He moved forward but was once again thrown to the ground. A silver mask stood over him. Vortan’s blade pierced their torso. His friend appeared, helped him to his feet.
‘Where is he?’
Peter picked up his blaster and pointed ahead.
‘Come on!’
They drove forward, eluding streaks of lethal light, lifeless bodies arranged upon the ground like fallen leaves on the Blue and Green haven. Reaching the edge of the clash, blaster in hand, he raised it towards his enemy. Malizar watched every move. His finger touched the trigger as several silver-masked bodies charged him. Peter found himself forced back into the crowd.
The silver masks followed. They were coming for him.
Damn my frailty! Damn my weakness!
He wished he had the strength he once had. There was a time when he would have dealt with each and every one of these masks without blinking. Now he struggled to contend with one.
Peter backed up, keeping his distance from the silver hunters. Around him was concentrated the main strength of the Von. They had suffered the most casualties from what he could discern, which was very little at present. He shot his awareness all about him.
Where are you, Lanfranc?
A hand seized his arm, pulling him aside. He raised his blade and slammed the hilt through the metal mask facing him. Another appeared beside him.
Thud! Lanfranc appeared at his side, a nervous grin etched into his bleeding face. ‘Watch it!’
A band of the Laxiad poured into the struggle in the Great Hall, having seized the nearby antechamber from the Allied Moon. The silver masks were overwhelmed, stripped of victory, and pushed back.
A gap appeared between Peter and Malizar, complicated only by a small number of the Allied Moon. Peter and Vortan stepped forward, blasters and blades in hand. The Laxiad charged too. The masks rushed to meet them. Peter pushed one aside. Lanfranc bowled his sabre into another’s chest.
Malizar stood on the higher step, glaring down at the two.
‘Here goes,’ Peter whispered.
Large, thorny blade in hand, Malizar jumped down, knocking Peter to the ground. Vortan sprang in, but Malizar caught his attack and sent him spinning into a nearby statue. Peter forced himself up. It was now or never. He fired his blaster several times.
He missed every chance.
‘Did you think you could resist what is coming, Peter?’
He looked up into Malizar’s frenzied gaze. ‘Where did that little boy go, Marrak?’
‘That boy was your legacy! And you killed it!’
‘I gave you a home! I gave you everything!’
‘And then you took it away! You killed all of them!’
‘I take responsibility for what happened to Europa,’ Peter said. ‘I must.’
‘Yes!’
‘But so must you.’
The Dark Lord drove him back, forced him up and into the air without contact. Peter saw into his old student’s eyes as he hung in mid air. And he knew he was going to die.


NINETY-FIVE




A ROUNDED HOLE lay at the top of the steps. Through the hole Justus stuck his head. A stream of bright light seared his hair. Back down, then up again. Blaster fire discharged in every direction. He stooped below, took three deep breaths, then charged up and across to the nearest alcove with the silver sceptre firmly in his grasp.
The battle had spread out, with each small group vying for a room or sheltered hall. At the room’s edge, Jules Ditton was surrounded by his band, and together they fired ferociously with everything they had at the countless hoards of the Allied Moon as they poured through from the basilica beyond.
Justus threw his fist into a passing enemy’s face, splintering the mask and forcing upon the surface an impression of the agony-filled face beneath. Before he could take on another he saw her.
In amongst the fighting, Justus’ eye caught sight of Dimal. She was trapped behind a large stone bust, cornered and firing wildly with her blaster only several metres away. Her aim struck one masked man, but missed several more. His heart fell into his stomach as he watched her holster the blaster and move from behind the bust to brave the assault hand-to-hand.
The first attacker’s head snapped gruffly to one side as her foot made contact. The second had his mask thrown from his face, his legs buckling beneath him as she employed her speed to overcome their strength. She was a smear of movement amid a frenzy of light. Justus had never found her more attractive.
He crossed the hall towards her with a sideward roll worthy of a gymnast and took out the legs of yet another aggressor with his own. He took out his coil and fired at the room’s great opening, striking a dense gathering of silver-masks.
Dimal’s head shot in his direction. Their eyes met. But another attacker took her by the throat. A second lunged at her, a lightning-quick blow struck the right side of her face. She grunted and struggled—
In seconds Justus was at her side. His elbow sent the first man to the ground, out for the count. The second turned tail and ran. Justus took Dimal’s hand and pulled her back behind the wide bust and through into an empty alcove away from the fighting.
‘What are you doing?!’ she cried. ‘Let go of me.’
‘I’m here,’ he said, placing the sceptre against the wall beside them. ‘I’m here and I love you. Is that good enough? Are you happy now?’
She pushed him back and kissed him. He threw her back into another stone effigy. ‘What are you—?’
‘Shut up, Antal!’
‘You can’t just kiss me!’
‘Try and stop me.’ She kissed him again. He let her.
Before he could finish, a searing pain tore through his shoulder. The blaster round ricocheted off the wall. He cried out, fell forwards, lightheaded, his feet unable to carry his weight. Dimal held him up. Pain consumed his vision. He gazed at her widening eyes. ‘Antal,’ she said. ‘Ditton, NO!’
Justus turned, just in time to see Jules Ditton strike a blow across his face, knocking him dizzy. He fell back onto Dimal. ‘STOP!’ she cried.
Ditton threw himself on top. Justus was dazed. Sick to his stomach. A blow smashed his face. He was on his back now. Ditton pulled him by his collar and forced his head down hard into solid ground. ‘You think you can take her back?! Little shit! I’LL SHOW YOU WHAT I’M CAPABLE OF!’
‘Stop!’ Dimal screamed. But he kept going. Ditton’s outline blurred. The room spun. Justus gazed up at Dimal, saw the pain in her face. He had seen enough pain in her eyes.
‘Think I’ll let you walk away this time?!’
‘Ditton, please!’
Justus felt his head split against the marble beneath, felt blood pour from his face across his eyes. Heard his love whimpering above.
Stop this son of a bitch. Now.
He took one deep breath as Ditton wiped the sweat from his face. He poured all his strength into his arms and watched the man on top of him smile through bloody teeth. But his arms and body weakened and the back of his head was forced again into the ground. He was going to die. All his strength. All his training. All for nothing.
Then it stopped. His vision swung back and forth. The figure above him disappeared. Dimal’s soft hands stroked his face, wiping blood from over his eyes. He leaned up, elbows on the marble behind him. Ditton stood above, but was facing away. He shuddered, then reached out with both arms as though dreaming, attempting to find something just out of reach. He whimpered. Justus knew why.
The veiled woman walked towards him. She raised her arm, a blaster at her fingertips. She shot Ditton through the face and he crumbled to the ground. Sudana pointed the firearm at Justus. He could nothing but sit up. He looked directly at her.
‘Give me the sceptre,’ she said. She wasn’t smiling anymore. Dimal stepped between them. ‘If you think you can stop me—’
Dimal was fast. She spun back, kicked the blaster from Sudana’s hand, carried on round, and struck her in the face with her fist. She landed on her back.
Justus placed a knee onto the ground and leaned over, breathing deeply. He’d taken one hell of a beating. The room still spun, albeit less so than a minute ago.
‘Who the hell is she?’ Dimal asked.
‘Malizar’s . . . mistress.’
‘The bitch. How dare she?’
Justus picked up the sceptre from nearby and stood, trembling on his feet. A hand rested on the wall. How had he got into this state? Peter needed him. What use was he like this?
‘Come on, we need to get out of here,’ she said, placing an arm around him in support. ‘The Flux here?’
‘No,’ he said. ‘Peter needs me. My father . . . out there. He needs the sceptre.’
‘Not in your state.’
‘No choice. Come on.’
She helped him through the alcove and into a small conduit between halls, firing her blaster several times at threats emerging around every corner. They surfaced in another hall. Nearly there. The Athenaeum was out of control. Human fighting human. Death mocking life.
‘You’ve put on weight,’ Dimal said, urging him on.
‘Muscle,’ he replied with a sore grin. ‘It’s all . . . muscle.’
They entered now into the great circular passage uniting the Luna halls. Strengthened glass alone separated them from the airless abyss. ‘Sure it is,’ she replied. ‘Before—’
She stopped moving. They both did. Everyone around them had stopped too. The light above went out.
Silence. Darkness.
The stars glittered above them, up through the glass, like grains of sand drifting in a sea of black. Each and every man and woman, enemy or not, gazed absorbedly at a magnificent picture.
‘Adra,’ he said. A cold sweat ran down his back.
‘I know. Beautiful, ain’t it?’
‘Yahaa. Only, we can’t see stars from here.’
‘Err, what do you think you’re looking at?’
‘No. We’re not meant to see stars from here.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘This moon’s in synchronous rotation. We’re facing daylight. We should not be able to see stars.’
‘Then how can we?’
Justus’ head throbbed. There was only one reason. ‘We’re in shadow.’
‘In shadow. Shadow of what?’
A ringing shot through their ears. Screaming and yelling. Agony and torture. Hell on Luna. Dimal let go of him and covered her ears. Justus dropped the sceptre and covered his. Then as suddenly as it started, the noise stopped. The lighting on all sides flickered, creating a dance of movement around them.
And then they saw it. The shadow of hell. The shadow of . . .
‘Erebus.’
‘You’ve got to be kidding me.’ She knelt down and picked up the metal rod, her eyes never leaving the black moon set between them and the sun. It was enormous, greater than Justus remembered.
‘Oh, hell,’ she said. ‘Oh, fucking hell.’
‘Yeah,’ he said. ‘Fucking hell and more.’


An explosion shook the hall, dust and debris fell from above, the lights in the Grand Hall were quenched, and Peter Marx realised they were here. He held Malizar’s gaze across the length of stone which made up the halls’ pinnacle, set several metres above the rest of the horde.
‘They are here.’ Malizar smiled.
‘This stops between us,’ Peter said, leaning against the wall, his sabre hanging limply in his grasp. Beneath them the fighting had stopped. All stared up at the two leaders, at the shadow descended upon them.
Peter breathed a sigh of relief as he watched Justus hobble into the hall, alongside Adra Dimal. Sudana staggered in behind them. Justus held the sceptre in his hand and charged across the room. Peter left his enemy in his wake and quickly descended the steps to meet him. He knew his son would deliver.
Before he reached the bottom step a hand took his shoulder and a forceful blow to his back knocked him down to the ground. He rolled onto his back as Malizar loomed over him.
‘You threaten every last one of us with your arrogance!’ the lord spat. ‘A trick! Arrogant and self-serving. Fitting for the powerful Master Peter Marx to present himself at the forefront of humanity. NO! It will be me!’
Peter felt a torrent of anger. ‘Hypocrite!’ He pushed himself up and threw all of his weight forward, knocking his nemesis off balance. Malizar returned with a back-handed strike, driving Peter to the ground. He took another deep breath and forced himself back up once more. Not beaten yet! Not yet!
‘Peter!’ Justus cried as he staggered over. He threw the silver sceptre to his father, who caught it, spun, and struck Malizar across the face with the sharpened head. Malizar fell to the ground as though he had been pummelled by the Peter Marx of old.
The ground shook again. The darkness deepened.
‘They’re here!’ Justus announced. ‘All together. Stop fighting now!’
Few remained in the room. Most of Ditton’s combatants had fled, surrendered, or died. Half a dozen alone were left in the Hall. Some Von remained, together as a group, their flanks against the far wall. The Allied Moon and the Laxiad were combined in the centre, each as bloody as the next. What a disgrace we all look.
‘I want everybody to leave!’ Peter shouted. ‘All of the Laxiad, the Allied Moon, and the Von. Go to your crafts. There will be no Vontaura today.’
Not one of the Laxiad shifted.
‘Not one of you dare move!’ Malizar bellowed, once again finding his feet. As powerful as ever. Nothing on Earth or Luna to stop him. His Allied Moon, however, were not as fearful of their lord as they were of the approaching shadow. Two or three backed away towards the hangar. Several more followed suit.
The marble floor rattled. It was here and it was coming for them. They gazed up from the edge of the Grand Hall into the circular glass observation deck. The black-rock moon came into full view, moving steadily towards them.
It is not Erebus, Peter reminded himself. It is not Erebus. It is something far, far worse.
The black-rock moon forced its way into Earth’s orbit alongside Luna. It moved closer. Time stood still. The ground shuddered. Peter’s thoughts were with the Earth. Its gravity could not resist such a moon for long. He watched as the alien vessel stopped its course correction. Then, from within an opening as wide as the entire lunar base, a black-rock craft emerged. It was coming towards them. Fast.
Peter stood still beside Malizar and held his breath.


NINETY-SIX




THE BLACK-ROCK craft loomed over the moon’s horizon, obstructing the entirety of Sol. With it came the sound of hell. Voices. Screams. Agony.
The smaller craft, as black as its mother ship, plunged into the moon, crushing the solar fields in a furore of silver powder. Its impact sent dust and rock rising up into space, momentarily blocking any view of the alien craft. It did not move from its crater. But from within appeared a transport of some inexplicable sort. It moved along the dust-filled surface like a centipede across a desert dune. It crawled towards the clear hangars as though those in control knew to do so.
A commander of the Laxiad appeared beside Peter clutching a portable data device.
‘Tell me quickly,’ Peter said. ‘What is coming towards us?’
‘A transport, sir.’
‘Tell me more. Fast.’
‘It’s not mechanical.’
‘What is it?’
‘It’s organic. It’s a life form.’
Peter couldn’t help but smile. The visitors were literally travelling on an alien creature’s back. But why were they here? And why had they not attacked?
‘It’s organic, master, and it’s coming this way.’
‘Will it fit through the transport gate?’
‘Yes, it . . . it will.’
‘Then allow it through the sanitization section, and into the glass observation deck. Secure that area. We will wait at the edge of the Hall.’
‘I object,’ Malizar said to him. ‘If that thing is alive – if any of them come in here, you’re exposing us to alien microorganisms. How do we even know that they can breathe our air?’
‘They can,’ Peter said.
‘How can you possibly know that?’
‘I know.’
‘Very well. Then we will show them our combined strength. Show them how strong we can be. Then we submit.’
‘You’re suggesting a display of strength? I happen to agree.’
‘You do?’
‘Yes, but follow my lead. I know what I’m doing.’
‘And I do not?’
‘Stop this Marrak. They are the enemy. Not me.’
‘You have a plan then?’
‘I do.’ He had to remind himself of that fact. That hope. At least, he hoped he had a plan.
The transport-creature scuttled towards the clear gate before coming to a halt. Slow seconds passed. The gate opened. The organism was inside now, able to attack if it wished to. But Peter sensed the attack would have already come had that been the intention.
It was only as the thing stopped moving that it became clear exactly what it was. And a transport was certainly not it. It was an ashen white, as large as the Scarlet Flux, with a dozen legs spread beneath. It had immense jaws, which it now opened as though stretching. And on top of the creature was fixed a great rock, as black as Erebus.
Smoke poured from within. A seal broke. The rock opened. All held their breath, their weapons tighter still. Almost instantly something emerged. It was big, Peter thought, his mind too blank to consider a more appropriate term for the moment. It passed through the low-hanging smog and walked towards them.
On two legs it moved. It looked almost human. It was tall, at least seven feet, and it was thin, bald, robed in dark iron. It moved forward, walking with no effort at all, as though it drifted across the glass deck. Toward the group through the smoke it opened its arm to expose an empty palm. It had only one arm. The other was cut off at the elbow. Damaged. Burned, almost.
Peter breathed out, remembering Anna’s tale. Upon the creature’s wrist was wrapped a bracelet shining silver-black. Just like Anna’s. Sceptre in hand, he stepped toward it. Malizar followed.
The three reached each other, and Peter bowed. ‘Gilaxath,’ he said, deep and authoritative and gentle still. Malizar did nothing, frozen in his place.
The being said nothing and simply gazed down, then across to the armed crowd: Allied Moon, Laxiad, and Von. All recoiled as the Gilaxath shrieked, loud and deep as though in pain. But from the black sphere behind emerged a long line of shorter beings. They marched out, rank and file to form a legion, several rows deep and some forty across, filling the gap between halls.
The Three Orders began to mumble.
‘They’re not alien.’
‘They’re human.’
‘They are us!’


NINETY-SEVEN




DIMAL MOVED CLOSE to Justus and he placed his arm around her, holding firm. They breathed deep, stepping closer and gasping at the reality. The crowd that had emerged from the alien’s back was human. Men, women, and children from all Alignment worlds. All were still. All their eyes were closed.
The Orders trained their weapons on the alien being, but the Gilaxath did not appear to notice them.
‘Do nothing!’ Malizar shouted. ‘Do not fire!’
From behind the lines of sleepwalking slaves marched more armoured aliens. And then, hell. Horned beings, as tall as the humanoid, prowled into view.
‘Are those . . .’ Dimal began.
‘Zinn,’ Justus said. ‘Yes.’ Everybody mumbled and panicked at the sight of them. Dimal looked up at him with dread.
The Zinn took their position behind the tall, golden-eyed being.
Peter held the sceptre at his side. ‘You are the Gilaxath. They are the Zinn. Do you understand me?’
Again nothing. Malizar stepped forward once and went to speak, but the Gilaxath raised its arm.
Deep and powerful, it spoke: ‘You have something I want.’
‘What do we have?’ Peter replied, as calm as he could.
‘Control.’
‘Tell me how I can give you control.’
‘Give it to me.’
‘How?’ Malizar said. ‘How do we give you control? Control is an abstract detail here. We cannot give you control, great Gilaxath.’
The Gilaxath stared down at Malizar. ‘You know us. How?’
Peter hesitated. ‘For the majority of my people this is their first contact with another intelligent race. For me, however, it is not. Do you understand?’
Slowly, the Gilaxath said, ‘Yes.’
‘And you also understand that the things you have done are considered by us to be an act of war?’
‘Yes.’
‘What reason would you give?’
‘None.’
‘How do you speak our tongue?’
The Gilaxath raised its arm, gestured towards the human slaves. They did not move.
‘You didn’t just take their knowledge. You took everything. Their memories. Their voices.’
‘They are yours,’ Malizar said. ‘Keep them. A gift.’
‘Marrak, stop it!’ Peter grimaced. ‘A gift is given. These lives were taken. The things you have done . . . you did not need to—’
‘You cannot stop us.’
‘But why?’
‘We are Masterium.’
The human army behind chanted as one: ‘Gil-ara-ax-arath! Gil-ara-ax-arath!’ They cried out, screaming as though they screamed for their lives. The three orders covered their ears. Some ran.
Peter shook his head. ‘You declare war?’
‘We declare war on all.’
Malizar broke in. ‘We will serve you. Can you not see our potential? An army of ours would be formidable. We will submit. We would choose to fight for you.’
The Gilaxath once again aimed awareness back to the human horde, dark and silent and at his mercy. ‘No conscious decision need be made. No choice. No exception.’
Peter closed his eyes. ‘You have told me everything I need to hear, Gilaxath. You are a threat I knew was coming, for a long time. Every second I spent asking myself whether the human race was worth saving. Whether it could even be saved if I wanted to. Whether it would be easier just to end my own life and not have to face you at all. I knew why you were coming here. And so here I am, stood between you and my people, with my enemy at my side, ready to die to ensure you do not harm another soul.’
‘You cannot stop us.’
‘GIL-ARA-AX-ARATH! GIL-ARA-AX-ARATH! GIL-ARA-AX-ARATH!’ the humans cried.
‘I will still try.’
The Gilaxath screamed, ‘YOU WILL FAIL!’
The horned Zinn behind him called out with a powerful rattle, and the slave race cried, ‘This species is contained. GIL-ARA-AX-ARATH!’
‘No!’ Malizar said. ‘No!’
‘GIL-ARA-AX-ARATH!’
What happened next happened so fast Justus almost missed it. Peter raised the silver sceptre, pointing it at the Gilaxath, who grimaced and pounced, taking Peter by the neck, raising him from the ground, choking him, knocking the sceptre from his hands. Both Malizar and Sudana lunged forward for the staff, but from the tall being’s outstretched hand came a glint of metal. Blood burst from Sudana’s neck and both she and her master fell backward. Sudana landed, arms outstretched.
Justus took one deep breath and pushed Dimal off. He threw himself after the sceptre as it rolled along the floor. Ahead, the Gilaxath dragged Peter back with him.
The crowd of human slaves stumbled forward, crying ‘GIL-ARA-AX-ARATH! GIL-ARA-AX-ARATH!’
Justus jumped. His heart pounded in his chest. There was no way in hell they were taking his father now he had just found him. He landed on his front, the sceptre in his grasp. He looked up to see the human horde moving forwards, chanting. The Gilaxath was almost among them.
Justus stood and threw the sceptre.
At once the Gilaxath dropped Peter and reached out. The sceptre stopped in front of him, caught in his crushing grasp.
All went silent.
No.
From the floor beside him, Malizar leaned up and extended both his arms with what strength he had left; and the tall being was wrenched forwards. The sceptre plunged into its torso, tearing through its back, spilling dark blood. The Gilaxath froze still, retching, attempting to speak.
‘RETURN!’ it cried, and it dissolved into the surrounding air. The sceptre, soaked in blood, dropped to the floor with a drawn out clang. The once-human horde nearby, displayed in rank and file with Zinn behind, trudged forwards slowly. The Zinn’s breathing rattled. Their Master was gone.
‘Peter?’ Justus said, rushing to help his father up.
‘Fl . . . Fle . . .’
‘What? Peter, what?’
The ground trembled. Stone collapsed from the ceiling. A howling split the air. Malizar was on his feet, a coiling wind surrounding him, with Sudana lay at his feet. Blood wrapped around her still body. Darkness consumed the old man stood above her. He looked weak, yet darker than ever before. The wind around him grew greater, and he looked from her body to the Zinn behind.
The Allied Moon had gone, abandoned him long before.
Dimal was pulling at Justus’ clothes, panic on her face. The Gilaxath’s slaves continued their march and their chant. Peter found his feet, rested a palm on his son, who reached down for the black-blood covered sceptre.
‘Leave it, son!’
‘But—’
‘The sceptre doesn’t matter. What was within the sceptre, and now within that creature, does.’
‘Peter?’
‘Ultimatter.’
‘Father?’
‘A bomb. Now run.’
‘What?’
‘Run!’


The central chamber of the black-rock moon is in uproar. The great Masterium returns to his vessel. His jagged teeth gritted. Anger bubbling inside. ‘This human race has dared to challenge the Masterium,’ he calls to those around him. ‘Now it will be destroyed!’
The silver-armoured being glides across the central chamber, blood pouring from his toughened torso as he moves. Small creatures of lesser status tend to him, stripping the armour and sealing the wound. He does not stop. Nothing will prevent him from this. The pain is nothing in comparison to the insult he has swallowed.
But the pain is intense.
The armour falls away.
‘Destroy the moon first,’ he cries in his dark tongue, dark blood dripping to the black-rock floor, soaked into the footprints of a thousand great forebears. ‘The planet comes second.’
But the pain is great. Too great.
How? he thinks. How could this race know?
The blood is contaminated. There is no other option. What now?
Pain. Intense.
Something in the weapon. Something in the blood.
No longer a nuisance.
Agony.
He reaches out into the dark light before him. The Zinn now at his side. It is time.
Wait. A light. A light from within. He looks down at his slender abdomen, out of which seeps dark blood. His blood. Mixed with light.
No.
He coughs, splutters. Light from his jaws. Pain. Agony. Something runs through him. Sees the black blood pour from his veins. Sees it glimmer blue light. Purple light. Growing brighter.


Justus struggled through the halls of the Luna Athenaeum, past dead bodies and pools of blood. It was as though time had slowed, as though all their movement was reduced to desperate, ineffective scrambling for the last flicker of light. As they charged for the Flux, Peter and Vortan moved up ahead. Adra’s hand held tight in his, Justus forced her on, consumed by this dream. While the lost souls of helpless humans pursued, unremitting.
The sceptre sent the ultimatter bomb running through the Gilaxath’s veins. The Gilaxath which had just been transported back aboard his black-rock vessel. Not Erebus. Something else.
Dimal pulled him on. His strength was almost gone. Sudana had weakened him. Ditton had almost finished him off. Blood leaked down his shoulder from where he’d been shot. He felt dizzy, but pushed on. Chanting and rattling followed. The human horde, led by the Zinn, pursued. Von. Allied Moon. Laxiad. So many cut down. Not many left.
Malizar was still back there. He hadn’t moved, but kept as many with him as he could. His echoed powers in the form of wind, a tempest from within, declaring his rage for all to see on behalf of his mistress, her throat cut.
Peter and Vortan turned a corner, through another alcove. Justus and Dimal followed. Through the last hall. Almost there. The hangar lay dead ahead. Rattles. Screams. Hell behind.
The Flux. He could see it. Peter and Vortan ran on board. Dimal pulled Justus forward. ‘Come on!’ she said. ‘You’ve not dragged me through all this to die here!’
Around them, men and women found their own crafts and were entering the exit gate. There was time. Any second now . . .
They reached the Flux. Several Von and Laxiad climbed aboard first. Peter helped them up and reached out for Justus. He forced Dimal on first. Then clambered up. Relief.
A hand took his leg and pulled him back. The Flux lifted off.
He landed on his front. He kicked out at the human which had found him. A young man. Dark and red eyes. Crilshan. It screamed at him, clawed at him, beat him hard.
‘Wait!’ he heard Dimal scream. ‘Don’t go!’
The shadow of the scarlet craft hung overhead. Blaster fire struck the slave-Crilshan. Dimal fired, screaming as she did.
Three fell down at his feet. Justus kicked out at a fourth. He clambered onto his feet, reached out. Dimal took his hand. He looked up at her, slowly, then out through the glass wall. In the distance, the black-rock moon trembled. A split like lightning in the outer layer. Bright blue and purple from within. Justus landed on his knees, hatch shut. Glass around them shattered. The black-rock moon was gone.


NINETY-EIGHT




THE SINGING OF birds woke Aíron Veryan from a horrid nightmare. She rolled over in the front seat of the vehicle and yawned. Her legs tucked beneath her were numb, the skin around her eyes sore from crying.
She turned around and looked into the backseat where Raj Timbur lay on his back. His eyes were open and staring up at her. Their eyes met and his bandaged hand reached out for her. She touched his warm skin and felt a weight tumble from her body. Countless pictures flashed across the space between them. Had it all been a dream?
Raj tried to talk. His voice croaked and he coughed several times. ‘Agg . .  ahem . . . hello.’
‘Hello,’ she said.
He sat up slowly and clutched his head, then gazed down at his bandaged chest and arms. Bright daylight shone in through the window, beyond which lay a field of green. A small lake shimmered in the distance.
‘I’m . . . I’m not used to the sun,’ he said. ‘They kept me in the dark for as long as I can remember. But I recognise this place.’
‘It’s the last place I saw you,’ she said. ‘It’s a little warmer now. And the birds still sing.’
‘We could pretend,’ he said. ‘We could imagine nothing has happened, that I’d gone to sleep and woke up with everything like it was.’
Aíron rubbed her sleeves on her eyes, tears seeping down her face. ‘I’m sorry . . . Raj, it was all my fault.’
‘What was?’
‘Noah . . . and . . . and Shree.’
He looked as though his stomach had plummeted. ‘You mean they . . .’
She was sobbing uncontrollably. ‘We tried to . . . to save you . . . but we . . . I couldn’t. They were trapped . . . the furnace . . . he told me . . . I dragged you out.’
‘Shh, shh, shh.’ He pushed himself up and took hold of her. Neither knew what to say. Water birds glided down from the sky and settled across the lake’s surface, happily swimming back and forth. No cares. No worries. No clue.
‘She . . . She was . . . with Noah?’ he said.
Aíron pulled back, held his hand tight. ‘Together. Yes.’
‘I don’t blame you, Aíron. I never would.’
‘But I deserve to be. I only ever thought about myself. My spoiled life. My own needs.’
‘You shouldn’t. Shouldn’t have to. I’ll think about you instead. If you want.’
She smiled. ‘I do, Raj. More than anything, I do.’


Two freshly-dug graves lay at the edge of a field of green. A desolate wind blew through a million chains of sward as six figures stood still in silent thought. Aíron sobbed into Raj’s arms. Lanfranc Vortan and Peter Marx stood nearby, while Justus and Dimal, who had returned with them, stood side by side. Nobody spoke a word as each made their peace with the fate of their friends.
The Gilaxath and their black moon was gone. Justus could hardly believe the thought. Peter’s plan had done it. The ultimatter placed inside the sceptre had entered the Gilaxath’s blood stream and returned with it. Just like it had happened on Titan, Peter explained, when Anna watched it vanish into thin air. The Masterium’s black-rock lair had detonated, imploded. The Earth was safe, the entire Luna base wiped out by the shockwave.
They were all . . . fortunate.
‘Noah didn’t murder his family,’ Dimal said eventually to Justus. ‘You were right to trust him.’ A tear fell down her cheek. She wiped it aside and braved the moment. ‘I just . . . thought you should know. He was a good man.’
‘The best,’ Justus said. ‘And Shree the bravest.’
‘If she could have been with anyone at the end,’ Raj said, ‘it would have been Noah. The weed. I miss him.’
Justus turned to Dimal. ‘I prayed that we’d see each other again. That you had stayed close.’
‘As close as I could, and as far as I could make myself go.’
‘At least I have you back.’ As their hands hung side by side he touched his fingers to hers. She pulled her arm back and turned to look into his eyes. ‘Don’t I? Dim?’
She turned away from him. ‘You walked, Antal.’ A knife in his heart. ‘I understand now. You were meant to. The Crimson Flux can’t be revived. We can’t be replaced one at a time with a newer model. Not now Shree and Noah are gone.’
‘Adra.’
‘Some things can’t be fixed.’
‘Adra, I love you.’
‘You need to go with your father, Antal.’
‘I need you.’
‘They’re calling you Vontaura, you know? Everyone in the world will know your real name soon. And beyond that, I reckon.’
‘I don’t want that.’
‘It’s not up to you how you’re known. Some things are just out of our control. And some things aren’t. You need to do what’s right. And so do I.’ She held his gaze, the sound of water stirred in the wind. Adra Dimal said nothing more. She turned and walked away. Aíron and Raj followed shortly after, joined before long by Vortan.
Peter remained at his side. His mere presence was reassuring. He was a brand new person, neither his friend nor his father, and yet both at the same time. But in that moment his eyes were changed, filled with a doom as deep as Justus’ soul. ‘A price,’ Peter said. ‘A price for your gift. You will lose everything you love. Stay away from them. Remain here with the Flux until I come for you. Remain alone. Remain strong.’


NINETY-NINE




JUSTUS FOUND IT impossible to sleep in the days following the Dark and Silent Invasion. He did as Peter asked and didn’t talk to his friends, even those that wanted to. He ignored Raj and Aíron, who sent messages to the Flux from Vortan’s apartment in the city. He couldn’t talk to them. The guilt was beyond excruciating.
They had achieved a victory. To Justus it felt anything but victorious. He considered Peter’s words and remained alone. A price for your gift. You will lose everything you love. Stay away from them.
He spent time sitting in the cockpit of the Scarlet Flux and staring out at the lake and inner island. On one occasion he swam across to the isle and spent all day tidying the area around his mother’s grave. The last time he’d visited, he had never felt more feeble or despondent. Now he felt peaceful and suffered nothing but an aching back.
It was ten days before Peter returned. The evening was late when his one-man craft set down near the Flux and he scurried out as though they’d been apart for years. The sun was still in the sky; summer had endured into late September.
Peter’s arms were outstretched, and he held Justus close. He looked at the treeline around them, and to the isle in the lake. He closed his eyes for a moment, then spoke. ‘I have received word. Good word at last. I had feared they may not come. A fleet of ships has this evening passed Mars. Their trajectory indicates they are coming here.’
‘The Alignment? How many?’ Justus asked.
‘Far fewer than I had hoped.’
‘And Luna?’
‘Some two-hundred made it out. They’re calling our clash the Ar Krimar AbTaurasfir. The Battle of Four Tauras.’
He sighed. ‘So what happens now?’
‘Everything I knew has now occurred. Any future is possible.’
Justus turned and stared across the lake. ‘You knew all this would happen. For forty years you knew, Peter. Was there nothing you could do . . . for Shree, for Noah, for Anna’s family?’
‘It was the condition. I had no power over this.’
‘Condition? What do you mean?’
‘That is my last admission. I have you again, Antal, but it fills me with dread to think I may lose you if I say this. But I must.’ Justus said nothing and allowed him to continue. ‘Noah and Shree. I believe I know why they are gone. They are gone . . . because of me.’
‘Peter,’ he said. ‘I won’t allow you to take the blame.’
‘But the blame lies with me. Below Malizar’s House  . . . in the dark container where I revealed myself to you . . . I presented you with an image.’
‘I remember,’ Justus said. ‘You showed me how you got here. You showed yourself at my birth. And Anna’s birth, too, on Titan. I remember now. You gave us something. What did you give us?’
‘A gift, Antal. The gift of intuition, of foresight and forethought. That was my task. The real reason I was sent back. If you and Anna were ever to meet, you would have to see the place where you would unite. You both saw Erebus. You saw the Darkness with it. But there was a price.’
‘You say it again. What price?’
‘There is balance for everything in this universe. You gained one thing. One thing greater than all others, and for that reason would lose everything else. Everyone else.’
‘That’s why Noah and Shree . . . and everyone else I ever loved. And mum?’ Peter shook his head. ‘You knew all this time. You knew I would lose my friends. That giving me that . . . thing would result in their deaths. Will the others be taken too? Aíron, Raj, Adra? You?’
‘I don’t know, son. But it had to happen, as terrible as it is. It was the only way.’
‘Then what is the point? In any of this?’
‘You lost, and so did Anna. But you also saw. Anna saw her mother. You grew up seeing things you could not explain. And you still can see.’
‘And Anna?’
‘Her vision was broken the moment she placed the bracelet over her arm below Erebus. Only you can still see what nobody else can.’
‘How?’
‘I will show you. Close your eyes, and think of them. Think of the first person that appears before you.’
He closed his eyes and thought . . .
. . . thought of Anna. Thought hard. A light in the distance, in his mind’s eye. Anna was there, far away. Far among distant clouds of Light and Dark. She sat before an intense light, filled with warmth and strength. She smiled, surrounded by moving creatures. She was happy. Then she was gone . . .
. . . in her place stood Diego Ferranti. He was gaunt and troubled, but assured, happy in the company of the Crilshan Gordian. Alongside them stood Avéne Ketrass and a weeping Callista. A baby hung in the old woman’s arms. They were all filled with hope. Then they were gone . . .
. . . and there she was. Adra Dimal stood upon a metal balcony overlooking a teeming city. She was crying. Aíron and Raj sat inside, holding each other close. Vortan was with them . . .
‘Antal. Son, what is it? What do you see?’
‘I see them. Anna’s alive!’
‘Good.’
‘So are the others. You’re right, they’re coming. They’re coming here.’
Silence.
‘Peter?’
Silence again. He didn’t answer. Justus opened his eyes and froze still, unable to move or to speak. Peter trembled before him. A shade towered behind him. It sent a chill through his bones, his eyes filled with tears. He couldn’t think. His mind was numb. Blackness filled the air about them.
Without warning Justus felt himself choking, retching, falling to his knees. A burning hot wind surrounded him. The heavens grew dark, as though night had fallen, the sun ripped from the sky. He turned to the side. A sound like water bubbling. Bones cracking. The lake began to boil.
Then the trees around him burst into flame, surrounding them in a ring of scorching air. The one-man craft was forced into the burning maelstrom above. The Flux buckled under the pressure and plunged onto its side. The shade behind Peter revealed its face, though both knew it could be only one.
‘This time there are no words.’ His roaring voice sent all else quiet, as though they were in the eye of a cyclone. ‘No words remain. Nothing remains. Nothing but you and me, Peter Marx.’
Justus tried to cry ‘No!’ but all his strength was forced out of him.
Peter smiled at his son.
Justus reached for his hand. Not close enough.
Malizar’s hand like black smoke cut between them. He stood over them both, wrapped in darkness. ‘Seventy years ago a Iástron boy was born,’ he said. ‘And then that boy was murdered.’
Peter looked into Justus’ eyes.
‘I was born. And then you killed me, Peter Marx.’
‘You’re right, Marrak. I tried to kill you.’
‘You failed, Peter.’
‘I failed. And you became this.’
Malizar raised Peter into the air, his hand wrapped around his throat. Justus fought to move, but slipped from his knee and fell onto his side, looking up with failing vision as his father’s throat was crushed before him.
‘You saw what I would become and then you caused it! Now I will end it!’
The heat burned Justus’ face, the smell of scorching flesh stomach-turning. He looked up at them both and watched Malizar drop Peter. The black shroud lifted and Malizar fell backwards. The fire burned black around him, but at once he could breathe.
Voices cried out above him. Hands wrapped around his waist and helped him to his feet. ‘Are you all right? Hello? Can you hear me?’
‘Father . . . help Peter . . .’
‘He’s here, Justus. He’s here.’
‘Antal?’ The sound of Peter’s voice was greater than anything imaginable in that moment. He was so disorientated, it was like he’d been dreaming. His vision returned and he gazed down at Malizar’s lifeless body. He looked like a wretched old man. Pitiful, almost.
His father reached out and Justus held him. He too looking upsettingly old. Old but never pitiable. ‘What did they do to him?’ Justus asked.
‘They have done many things. But here they did nothing,’ Peter said. ‘I am responsible for him. It was me that had to stop him.’
Around them both, many dozens of blue-clad men and women were gathering. Vehicles and many craft hovered in the air above, putting out the burning wood on all sides. Several large men carried a clear cage towards them. Malizar was hauled up and forced within. The Order of the Laxiad carried the Dark Lord – a lord no more – into a nearby craft.
‘We knew he survived Luna,’ Peter said. ‘I knew he would come for me. You asked me what I was doing for forty years. I was doing many things. One of these was perfecting a way to stop Marrak. It took years, but we managed to generate a toxin that he would breathe in. I simply had to get close enough to administer it. He is unconscious, paralyzed for the time being.’
‘So you laid a trap, and we were the bait.’
‘I was the bait. But I wanted you with me. You’re the only one I have left, Antal.’
‘Is it true what he said? You tried to kill him when he was just a new-born?’
‘It’s true. I did. I looked into a thousand of his futures and I saw Darkness in every one. I attempted to solve the problem in the only way I thought I could. But nothing I did would take his life. To my eternal shame I left him out in the cold of Europa. A second out among the ice and he should have been dead. But he didn’t die. He endured. I realised then that nothing could kill him, so I attempted to teach him, to support and raise him.
‘But there is no human or Iástron like Marrak Malizar. He remembered. He was a baby, weeks old, and he remembered. No one but he and I knew. Until now.’
Justus looked away. ‘I can’t say I agree with what you did. But that was a lifetime ago. He is what he is now because of himself. Because of his choices. Not because of you. We have him. He’s imprisoned, and he will never be free again.’
‘Not never, Antal. As long as we can hold him. And no more than that.’
‘If you hadn’t lost your gift,’ Justus said, ‘maybe we could have stopped him sooner.’
‘It is over for the time being, son. And I have said it many times: a gift is given, not taken.’
‘What does that mean? Tell me.’
‘Take it to mean whatever you wish for now. There are more pressing issues to consider. Humanity has been dealt a severe blow. We must repair now, not dwell.
‘Anna is still out there. She is safe. The Gilaxiad is safe. The bracelet she carries is out of the Masterium’s reach. Humanity is protected. We will find her one day. Though, after all she has been through I think that, deep down, she may have found a peace on the Blue and Green World that she will not find anywhere else.’
‘So Gilaxiad is over? The prophecy is complete?’
‘Our race has been saved. For now. Anna took a leap of faith to bring me what was needed. She lost much through her choice to save us.’ Peter bowed his head and walked past the blue crowd toward the Scarlet Flux.
Justus moved, then stopped and turned. He watched his father before staring back across the lake to the island at its centre, then to what was left of the memorial graves at the grassy shoreline. Loss and gain. Is that what it all boiled down to? Is that what really defined his life? Or indeed everyone’s?
The ash-filled ruins of the lakeside parted beneath his feet. Darkness, silence, and ruin crossed his past, present, and future, all transformed into a moment of triumph. Whether against Malizar, the Gilaxath, or Death itself, victory, at least of sorts, had surely been won.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR



James Dunn is a freelance writer and author of the Gilaxiad Series. He lives in Manchester, UK, where he spends a good deal of his time reading, writing, daydreaming, and describing himself in the third person. Inspired by writers such as Conan Doyle, Tolkien, Asimov, and Crichton, he hopes to continue writing for as long as he can grasp a pen, and further still.

You can contact James at gilaxiad@gmail.com.


NOW AVAILABLE:

The Gilaxiad Series
Iástron (Volume I of the Gilaxiad)
Vontaura (Volume II of the Gilaxiad)

COMING 2014:
Masterium (Volume III of the Gilaxiad)

