



SKY LANDS

The Gift Stones

by T. L. Rese
-





Sky Lands: The Gift Stones
Copyright © 2013 by T. L. Rese

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and events are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

First Edition, 2013

Cover by The Book Designers

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords License Statement

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.






Special thanks to


Chrissie Glazebrook, for her guidance and encouragement; I wish she were still here to see this novel in its entirety. My editor, John Jarrold, as well as Christina Usher, Swapna Kishore, and Kenneth Hughes, for their insightful feedback. Kai Lu, Lewis Feldman, and Joni Rippee, for their expertise. As well as Pauline Grant, for her friendship and support while I was in a new country writing this book.




Contents

Chapters

1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32

Epilogue

About the Author

READING GROUP DISCUSSION QUESTIONS




Chapter 1


On November 19th, my life changed. I discovered that our society’s comprehension of the universe, astronomy, dimensions, and physics – is only in its infancy.
The day, however, began innocently enough.
Mid-semester, my astronomy lecture at UC Berkeley felt the same as the week the course began. I sat in the large lecture hall, another bored student face, with the same students peppering the seats around me. A familiar row of girls slept in their chairs at the very back, and the steps were littered as usual with stragglers who’d come in late. I swallowed a yawn. Sometimes, college still made me wish I were back in high school swimming for the men’s team.
After classes, I grabbed a quick hot dog at Top Dog, eating it on the way to the music department. I noticed the leaves were starting to turn, blushing over in hues of amber. Growing up in the eternal summer of Southern California makes you appreciate the autumn of the Bay Area. The Berkeley fall has a pleasant feel to it, a gentle surrender if you paused to look. Often, a light rain would come to wash the streets with little streams of silver. Squirrels would chase each other across the college grounds and nap in the tree boughs. And Telegraph Avenue would be populated with vagrants stretching out a jingling cup. Every so often, someone would hang a wooden swing from a tree outside the music hall, and on sunnier days couples could be seen kissing on the green carpet of university lawns. Above it all, the Campanile would toll out the hours through the crisp air, filling the campus with sound.
I swallowed the last of the hot dog and crossed to the Morrison music department. This was the quiet corner of campus where the arts were tucked away. The busy sounds of downtown could scarcely be heard, coming only softly in the distant background. At times, an occasional note from the music rooms would escape into the evening.
But tonight, there was nothing. The trees grew thick, nestling the buildings against a small forest of redwood and oak. A drizzle was beginning to fall, so light that it was nearly imperceptible; I wouldn’t have noticed if a raindrop hadn’t fallen directly on my forehead. Beneath me, the pavement was staining over with dark wet spots. I hurried to the back of the building, pulling its doors open and stepping inside in a rush of wind and droplets of rain. Shuddering, I took the stairs to the basement and continued to one of the piano rooms.
Among the privileges of growing up in the OC is the inevitable piano lesson, whether you’re musically inclined or not. Privileges are all right. But sometimes, I felt as if I were the only one on a perfect island. No one could ever reach me and I could never sail out, and all I’d ever see was its unchanging landscape and the ring of endless blue waters.
As I left the piano rooms that evening, I stopped at the back doors and saw the rain pouring in sheets past the windows. I could hear its drumming on the roof. A sudden wind blew against the doors, shaking the windows and making the glass shiver with cold. I shrugged on my jacket and pulled out my umbrella. Berkeley rain was unpredictable, so I always had an umbrella living in my backpack wherever I went.
I opened the door. I couldn’t have known it then, but as I stepped out, I was walking away from everything I had ever believed, everything I had ever known. In that simple moment, I sailed from my island into an unknown ocean. And I could never again return to the safety of my island.
As the door closed behind me, I saw a plain girl standing near the building, tucked in a strip of dry spot beneath the overhang of the roof. She was cast into a shadow, the lights pouring through the windows behind her. Her arms were wrapped around herself, a hand clutching the jacket around her shoulders. She stared at the layers of rain with a worried look on her face. She was fragile, bird-boned, with a small nose and mouth, and gently tapered eyes. Her hair hung long and straight, damp from the moisture of the night. I realized she was the dark-haired girl who sat a few seats from me in my astronomy lectures. She caught my stare and smiled, quickly looking away.
“Hey, you need some umbrella?” I asked, hoisting the thing higher.
She smiled again and seemed even more shy. “I was just wondering how to get through this rain.” There was a breathy quality to her voice. She plucked absently at her necklace of white beads – her fingers pale, drained from cold. The light from the window flickered over her jeans; I could see the bottom of her pants was already darkened, soaked from the rain where they hung just above her black boots. She looked so bare in the raining night. She had nothing with her, not even a book to hold over her head against the weather.
“Where do you live? Maybe I could walk you?”
“Down Piedmont Avenue. But I don’t want you to go out of your way.”
I walked over and raised the umbrella to shelter her. “I still have some time to kill before I meet my friends,” I said. “So really, I’d only be helping myself. Besides, it’ll only take me what? Maybe fifteen minutes to walk you over there?”
She laughed. “Thanks.”
And together, we stepped into the night.




Chapter 2


Huddled under the umbrella, we scurried across the campus grounds. I tried to hold the umbrella steady as the wind swept across us in sudden bursts of fury, threatening to tear the umbrella from my hands into the unsteady sky. Mostly, we were too busy jumping puddles and avoiding the streams of rain on the sidewalks to have much conversation. The wind blew away our words anyways, so we were lucky to have heard each other’s names.
“Audrey.”
“What? I thought I heard something like ‘Audi’!”
“AUDREY!”
“Oh! I’m Kevin.” I reached out a hand. She took it with a moment’s hesitation, seemingly unwilling to compromise her warm embrace around herself by stretching out her arm. Her hand was slender, but she had a solid handshake – the grip took me by surprise. Her fingers were cold from exposure to the night, but her skin was smooth, pale and polished – the handshake like a marble embrace.
After a while, the wind died down, leaving only the splattering of rain on the taut umbrella fabric and the swishing of water beneath our feet. We took the path towards Bancroft Way, the stone outline of Hearst Gym rising to the side of us. On the other side, a parking structure was visible through the downpour; it was sheltered from the storm by a low ceiling of concrete supported on broad posts and fringed with cluttered bushes.
As we walked past, the bushes rustled unnaturally. A thick boot splashed into a puddle in front of us. The man was so close I could see the mud speckled on the tan leather of his shoe. I lifted my eyes. He was an enormous man. His physique was apparent even beneath the dirty black sweater he wore. The rain slid across his jacket, dripping from his shoulders onto the ground. He had brown eyes and thick lips, but that was all I could see of his face beneath his ski mask. His hands were massive and gloved in leather, holding a gun pointed at us.
“Step inside.” He jerked his head, indicating the parking lot. “After you,” he said again, when we only stared back. He motioned with his handgun. I looked at Audrey. Her features were expressionless.
We walked ahead of him beneath the damp cover of the parking structure. I could feel the stare of the gun on my back. The splatter of his footsteps was right behind mine, as though he might step on my heel. Once or twice, I felt the gun nudging my backpack. Perhaps my thick textbooks would save me from a bullet. A hollow laugh echoed somewhere in the back of my mind, but it disappeared quickly into the darkness of fear. In the lot, a few vehicles were still parked along the sides, but otherwise the place was empty. I looked behind me and saw only the rain falling on the bushes.
When I turned back, another masked man emerged from behind a parked car. He wore jeans and heavy shoes like his partner, and a sweat-shirt that covered a noticeable thick build, though he was shorter than his companion. “Nice of you two to join us,” he said easily.
The first man pointed the gun only an inch from my chest. “Give us your money.”
“I don’t have cash on me.” It was the truth. I’d spent my last dollars on the hot dog. “You can see for yourself.” I reached for my backpack.
“Slowly!” he shouted. His voice was a boom, so loud I hoped someone would hear him and help us. But it wasn’t until then that I noticed how tense he was. Carefully, I took off my backpack and handed it to him. “Don’t move,” he said. There was a nervous edge to his tone. He knelt on the pavement and unzipped my backpack, rifling through the contents.
Beside him, his partner stepped forward, confident. Audrey stiffened as he grabbed her wrist and pulled her towards him with, “Well, what have we here?”
“Hey,” I said, turning to them.
The next thing I knew, the first man had leapt to his feet, his arm straight in front of him, his gun pointing right at me. “I told you not to move!” he cried. While firing the pistol into my chest.
I heard a scream. I thought it was Audrey. But then I realized it was the other man, shouting at the same time, his voice small behind the firing explosions, “Fuck! Ray! What the fuck! You lost it, man! You blew your cool! Jesus Christ!”
And then Ray stopped shooting. For a single moment, everything was suspended in a silence I’d never heard before. The rain stopped falling. People stopped moving. I stopped breathing. And looked down at my chest. There wasn’t a single mark there.
Slowly, I moved my hands over my body, rubbing my shirt to feel that my chest was completely intact beneath it. I took a deep breath. Nothing was wrong. What happened? I looked up. The two men were staring at me, their eyes so wide, nearly filling the holes of their ski masks. “What the fuck,” the second man whispered.
Ray swept the gun from side to side. “What the fuck! What the fuck!”
His gun swung to Audrey. I leapt to push her out of the way. But I was flung backwards, as if I’d run headlong into the side of a huge balloon. I expected to crash hard onto the pavement, but fell on something soft. I looked down. My hand was on the ground and the pavement felt nothing like the slab of stone it should have been. It looked like concrete but had a bounce to it – sleek and chilly, like a film of water.
Audrey. For a moment, I’d been so preoccupied with the concrete I’d completely forgotten everything else. I looked up to see her walking towards the two men, who both took a step back. Ray’s gun was still pointing at her. His finger tightened on the trigger. In a single movement, Audrey pulled out a silver flash of light that arced through the air and sliced off the end of Ray’s pistol.
Ray looked at his gun, cut neatly in half. He gasped and dropped it to the ground. The other man took the chance to swing his fist at Audrey’s face. But she caught his fist in her hand. In her other hand, she held a thin line of silver the length of her arm.
I leaned forward and my face came in contact with the same slippery texture as the pavement beneath me. Astonished, I touched the air. It felt like the concrete had felt. I let out a slow breath. My breath materialized in a fog – but instead of escaping out, it formed a slight circle just beyond my lips, as if there were a curving window of glass in front of me. The mist grew with my breathing before I fell back, confused. I watched as the edges of the circle thinned into a translucency, my solid breath dissolving smaller and smaller. Beyond the disappearing whiteness, I saw Audrey.
The man whose fist she’d caught was now clutching at it in agony, cursing loudly. The silver line was nowhere to be seen. Ray held a pocket knife, slashing it at Audrey. She dodged him effortlessly, running up a car’s windshield onto the roof. Ray ran to the side of the car and she kicked him across his face, with such violence that he collapsed to the floor. The knife flew from his hand.
Ray’s partner followed Audrey up the car and tackled her from the side, throwing his whole weight onto her so they fell from the roof onto the concrete. I thought he must have crushed her – she was buried beneath him – but she threw him off, as easily as one might throw back the blankets in the morning. He flew across the lot and landed heavily on his side, groaning. Ray was already a running figure fleeing in the distance, his form barely visible beyond the garage posts. The other man got up and sprinted after his partner, disappearing with a slight limp in his run.
Audrey watched them go before walking to me. I looked up at her. The air that had held my breath white against it was once again completely clear. But still, all around me, I could feel an invisible film that stretched when I pushed against it, like the inside of an icy bubble.
Audrey sighed. She reached over and I saw her hand pressed against the space above me, the flesh of her palm flattened. It was as if the bubble had burst and I fell forward onto a concrete that was as hard as stone.
Audrey knelt, a worried look in her eyes. No more than an hour ago, everything was normal. Now I couldn’t understand what was happening.
She had a deep gash above her eyebrow, cutting straight to the edge of her temple. She was so close, I could see my own face reflected small and scared in her dark eyes. My cheeks were drained from shock, my hair tangled with perspiration. Looking out from my reflection, I noticed the skin around her eyes was creased with emotion – worry, or pity maybe.
“Let’s get you home,” she said.




Chapter 3


My apartment was right off campus. A single room no larger than my bedroom back in Southern California. It was furnished with a desk and chair, a television on top of my bookshelf, a dresser next to my bed, and a closet near a sink. Swimming posters plastered my walls, screaming things like ‘swim hard!’ in psychedelic colors. Pictures of family vacations to Australia scrolled across my laptop screen; a photo of me scuba diving was fading into an image of my sister holding a seashell. I stared at it, sitting on my bed. I could hear sounds from the street below, the hum of cars and the shouts of pedestrians. The streetlights were an orange-yellow that seeped past the window curtains and splayed their artificial warmth over the ceiling.
Audrey flipped the light switch on. My backpack and umbrella sat on the floor, dripping and forming a wet smudge on the carpet. I must have dropped the umbrella outside the parking lot; I hadn’t even noticed. After the men ran off, Audrey had picked it up from the bushes and carried my backpack to my apartment while holding the umbrella over me. She sat on the bed, “You should rest.”
I was still staring at my laptop. Now there was a photo of me and my friends playing beach volleyball. The picture looked foreign somehow. “I –” but nothing more came from me. I kept seeing the same images in my memory: the flash of silver, the sliced pistol. I saw her throwing a man twice her weight across the parking lot. I felt again the odd texture of the pavement and air – smooth, like a sheen of ice. “What happened?” I finally said. I stared at the scrolling photos, but all I saw were my strange memories of the night.
“Kevin,” she said gently, “what you saw must have been shocking.”
“He shot me. I should be dead.” I heard myself take a deep breath that shivered in my mouth. “This couldn’t have happened.”
“Why not?”
My backpack filled with a jingling sound, a swirling of notes – my cell phone. It was a moment before I crossed the room and answered it. “Hey.”
“Kevin, you meeting us tonight? We’ve been waiting.” Brendon’s voice sounded distant, an artificial quality to it over the transmission, a crackle of static in the background.
“No,” I said. “Sorry, guys. I – I don’t feel good.”
“You alright?” The distant voice again. “You sound awful. Get some rest. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“Okay.” I hung up. Audrey was sitting patiently on my bed, small and plain. The edges of her jeans were wet and there was dirt smeared across her cheek. She seemed harmless. But as I looked at her, a knot of fear tickled the inside of my stomach. The uneasiness grew when I saw the gash above her eyebrow was only a fraction of what it had been at the parking lot. The blood that had swollen the cut was almost completely gone; as I looked on, the cut diminished until it vanished entirely. Audrey touched the spot where I’d been gazing.
“Kevin,” she said, bringing her hand down. “I’m sorry this happened.” She shifted her gaze to the floor, wondering over her next thought. “You must be – confused. Perhaps I should explain….” Her voice trailed off, but she said nothing further.
“Well?” I demanded. When she still said nothing, I pressed, “Explain! How can you do… magic?”
A slight exasperation creased the corner of her mouth. “Your kind always calls things magic when you can’t explain them.”
“What?” I said.
“Is magic real?”
“No,” I replied instinctively. Then I thought about what I’d seen.
She looked straight into my eyes. I felt the knot of fear again; this time it tickled up my spine. “It’s not magic,” she said. “You just don’t know why it happens.”
For a while, there was silence. The tickle of fear began to subside; I relaxed as Audrey only looked at me. “If there’s no logical explanation, then it’s magic,” I said.
“Really?” She stood and picked up a pencil from my desk. “Then tell me why, when I drop this pencil, it falls to the floor.” She dropped it to the ground.
“Easy. Gravity.”
“Why is there gravity?”
I paused. “I don’t know.”
“Magic?”
“Well, it’s not magic just because I don’t know why… why it… happens…”
“It’s not magic because you’re used to it,” she said. “Your world is filled with magic. But most of you never stop to notice because you are so accustomed to it that it becomes mundane, trivial, a boredom. Then the moment you see something you’re unfamiliar with,” she touched her forehead where her gash had healed seamlessly, “you call it magic.”
I swallowed, staring hard above her brow. “But there’s no – no scientific explanation…”
“Science is only your kind’s explanation for what goes on around you. Do you really think that humans have the intellectual ability to understand everything?”
“But. But the laws – the laws of physics…”
“Were invented by mankind – in an effort to define the world around them. But it cannot explain everything.”
I looked at her, not knowing what I was seeing, unsure of what I was hearing. “I – I need to sit down.” I crossed my room and sat on my bed, tossing my cell phone onto my pillow. I thought about the magic of gravity pulling it to the pillow, of science being only an imperfect human invention. Quickly, I shoved the thoughts out of my mind. “So what –” It was hard to speak, as though my throat was dry and I was choking. At last, I managed, “So what are you?”




Chapter 4


“I’m a kyrie,” she said.
“What?”
She sat next to me. For a moment, I wondered if she would transform into a magic beast or burst into fireworks, or some such thing. I realized I didn’t know the limits of reality anymore.
“A long time ago, people from my world discovered how to open gates into other worlds. Yours was one of them. We regard any world we find as a sacred space to be left as natural and untouched by us as possible. To tamper with another world would be sacrilege, like building a skyscraper in the middle of Yosemite. For hundreds of years, the only ones who traveled to other worlds were those who made the gates – the hhyloutouhehparra.” The word was airy, the last syllable rolling like a curl of wind. I didn’t know the voice could make such a sound.
“What?” My own word seemed coarse in comparison.
“hhyloutouhehparra.” It was so soothing on the ear. “The scientists, the philosophers. At first, they were the only ones who had the means, and the only ones who dared. They explored the worlds, writing descriptions of them, sometimes bringing back small specimens. Over the centuries, travels to new worlds ceased to be a novelty; my people grew accustomed to the idea and it became mundane.”
She paused. In the quiet, I heard a car go by outside the window. “So you’re a philosopher,” I said. “A traveler?”
“No, you see…” She searched for the words. “In my world, we have schools – schools of many specialties, including knighthood. I graduated from Kyrion, the highest of knight schools, so I am a kyrie.”
Sitting next to me, she looked so real. I wondered if dreams could appear so real.
“I’ll show you.” She reached into her pocket. When she opened her fist, I saw, sitting in the middle of her palm, what resembled a soap bubble. It seemed made of glass, with a delicate shine.
When I poked it, it gave in to the pressure of my finger, its surface bowing. “What is it?”
“A shield,” she said. “It can be difficult to see in certain light. That’s why you didn’t see it when you were inside of it.” She tossed the bubble to me.
I tried reflexively to catch it, and the moment I did, my hand pressed against an icy film. I was surrounded once more by that sleek texture, cold and delicate.
“It can be impenetrable,” she said. I saw that it was sitting small and innocent in the palm of her hand again. “That’s why you didn’t die when that man shot you. I’d thrown it over you in the parking lot.”
Tentatively, I picked the shield up between my thumb and forefinger, holding it to the light overhead. The light shown through it, while its own white light curved over its clear surface. I tossed the shield to her, but instead of opening the shield bounced off her and rolled onto the floor.
Audrey laughed and pocketed the shield. “You have to learn how to wield it. So, that’s my shield. And this is my sword.” She raised her arm back, as though she were trying to touch her shoulder blade. In a flash of light, she drew out a silver line, slender as a needle.
She laid it across my desk. Cold and even, the metallic line extended over my desktop. Like the shield, it had its own light that gleamed across its length. Its hilt was a flourish of lines, like arcs of ice. The sword was majestic in its simplicity, terrific in its beauty. In its presence, everything in my room seemed to change – to dwarf and shrivel, exposing an ugliness I’d never seen before, their sickliness serving only to glorify the slender blade lying on the desk.
Audrey took off her jacket and turned around. Behind her shoulder was the blade’s sheath, only about the size of a pen. It was made of twisting white bands. At the tip of the sheath, the patterns entwined to form a tiny circled engraving of a long-legged bird, splendidly plumed in tongues of flame. I wouldn’t have noticed it if I hadn’t been examining it so closely.
“That’s an eira,” Audrey said, when she looked over her shoulder and saw my gaze. “They’re birds from my world. They’ve become the symbol for a great knight, the emblem of Kyrion. The circle around it represents the eternity of the warrior and her eternal commitment to the values of knighthood.”
She picked up the blade, handling it with ease, like a virtuoso and her instrument. She reached back, sheathing her sword. The sword and sheath vanished, and she stood in the middle of the room, looking like the ordinary girl who sits a few seats away in lecture. “We call it a shadow blade, a night blade, because when a knight wears it sheathed, it disappears as things do in the shadows or in the night. It gives us the advantage of surprise. Surprise can be a great ally.”
I studied her. I felt strange, like a dreamer who couldn’t wake up. “So you’re a knight from another world. What are you doing here? Why do you sit in astro lecture every week? Why were you standing outside of the music building?”
“I was waiting for a messenger,” she said impatiently. “Sometimes there are messages from my world. And sitting in classes helps me to understand your world.”
“That still doesn’t explain what you’re doing here.”
“You are full of questions.” She grabbed my wrist before I could move.
Everything I saw disappeared. My vision filled with a secluded wood, the trees rising in the midst of autumn.
The white boughs were mostly bare; leaves of yellow grew in clusters, barely clothing the trees, falling in a steady rain into a blanket of gold on the earth. Shafts of sunlight illuminated the forest, stretching to the ground and extending the shadows. A stream wound through the golden scenery, trickling along a path of rocks. Wind blew against my skin, the chill air pressing against my body, filling me with the scent of earth.
I heard myself scream, shock taking me. My voice echoed into the autumn scene before the woods disappeared, and once again I saw my room – the desk, the swimming posters, the dresser, the bed – as if nothing had changed. Audrey stood in front of me, looking irritated. My breath was rasping hard in my ears.
“Would you trust me?” she said. “Why are you so afraid of what you’re unused to?” When I didn’t reply, she took my wrist again. But this time, nothing happened. She led me to the bed and said, “Here, sit down.” I did as I was told. “People from my world, we have an ability. Instead of telling you with words, I can transfer my thoughts directly to you. We call it the touch.”
I thought of the autumn forest, of the sword and the shield. I wondered if I was insane, but I wanted to see more.
“Sure,” I said nervously. “I trust you.” I was aware of the touch of her hand, still on my wrist.
“Are you ready?” she asked.
“I’m ready.”




Chapter 5


The placid woods materialized. Golden leaves reflected in the stream and a lark whistled in the sky. Although I perceived myself standing there, I couldn’t see my body. When I walked, there was no crunch of leaves; I took a step, and it was as if I walked on air. I stared at my own nothingness. I touched my chest but felt only wind and space. All around, throughout the trees and shafts of sun, there was a sense of myth that I couldn’t explain – a depth of history, an ancient texture.
In the distance, a dirt road twined through the trees. Between the lines of the forest, I saw a pair of oxen pulling a cart around the road’s bend.
I found myself beside the path, near a hollow in the unpaved street where the previous night’s rain had worn it into a trench of mud. Close by, an old man stood alone, supporting himself on a knotted staff. He clutched at his ragged cloak, looking up the path at the approaching cart, waiting to cross.
As the cart neared, I saw it was driven by a dwarf, tapping the oxen with a stick as he sat eating an apple. He was humming to himself through large mouthfuls when his cart wedged in the mud. The dwarf frowned and drove the oxen harder. I could see the strain on his face, his mouth twisting angrily, bits of apple flying. Sweat ran along the sides of the oxen, trickling down the animals’ necks.
A wheel snapped off, tipping the cart and spilling its contents into the mud – an array of pearls, of every color, slid onto the ground in a heavy heap, a few splashing high, soaring above me into the leaves, while others rolled into the forest grass. I felt a shock as several shot through me, like gasps of air. The pearls landed at the feet of the old man, rolling around his gaunt sandals.
The dwarf stumbled off the cart, cursing loudly, throwing his half-eaten apple into the trees. He surveyed the damage with a hand clutching his hair.
The old man stole a look at the dwarf before stooping to the pearls and clasping a few into his bony hand. Quickly he rose as the dwarf walked to the oxen. I watched with amusement as the dwarf heaved at the animals’ reins, straining for them to pull the cart. The oxen tossed their heads and lifted the dwarf kicking into the air as he screamed furiously.
Beyond them, the old man slipped into the woods and disappeared unnoticed into the shades of trees.

• • •

Down the path, another similar cart was curving around the bend. When the dwarf saw it, he dropped to the ground and ran up the road, waving his arms. I wanted to see if he got the help he needed, but I was pulled over the road into the forest on the other side.
I saw the old man walking slowly, his movement making a crinkle of sound on the leaves. I followed him across rocks in streams and beneath an archway of white boughs dripping with leaves. There were hills sloping with trees, their roots reaching out through the dirt, curling white like the branches overhead. The old man struggled up the hills, relying heavily on his staff. I put up a hand to steady him, although I doubted I could catch him if he fell.
We arrived at an ancient building of grey stone. The ends of tree branches tapped against its roof and moss clung to the walls at its base. Stone pillars were carved into its tiers, crumbling into dust. The structure was gradually collapsing into the forest. But some engravings could still be seen, elaborate as they spiraled up the sides. Rusted copper disks adorned the topmost tier, their surfaces tilted to the falling sunlight.
Two statues of women flanked the only entrance, facing each other in perfect symmetry – an arm stretched above the doorway, the other bent at the side, palm up as though presenting the doors. One woman’s hair had crumbled away, and the back of the other had cracked deeply. The doors between them were rotting; near the hinges, flecks of gold paint lingered. The entire structure resonated with the feel of a decaying religion, and I could only think of it as a temple.
The old man climbed the steps, sending bits flaking off in a fine powder. He stepped through the entrance. As the hem of his cloak curled around the closing door, I was siphoned like air into the waning crack of the doorway. The temple walls rushed towards me, the rotting doors looming abruptly. I threw up my hands and cried out, my voice deafening.
Then all was dark. In the silence, I heard the door shutting behind me. I was inside the temple.
The air was thick with a damp odor. As my eyes began to adjust to the dimness, I saw the ground sloped steeply, lined with rows of seats that faced a circular altar. A flame burned inside the altar, smoke rising through the amber light. It was the only light in the room and touched only the first row of seats.
Before the altar, the old man stood, his cloak draped over him in deep folds. His cane was beside him, gnarled like the ancient hand that clutched it. He was looking at something in the shadows beyond the reach of the flame.
“Brother, our kind is old.” I thought the old man had spoken, before I realized the voice came from the dark. “This is the beginning of a new time.”
The voice wasn’t speaking English, though somehow I understood it perfectly.
“I know you love the form of flesh. We all do; this earth has its enchantments. And we have spent much time upon it, for how many centuries have we come and gone here looking like old men?” With these last words, a tall old man in a robe of white materialized from the dark. His beard and hair flowed over him in a mantle of silver, nearly brushing the stone ground. His eyes were warm; they smiled from beneath a thick line of silver brow. “I’ve come to collect you, Brother. I see by your presence that you knew I would come. You know we could do no more here. Look at you. How frail you’ve become. How unbathed and slender. You barely have the means to sustain your form of flesh. And yet, you cling to it.”
“I shall miss it,” the old man said. “I am accustomed to it, and I have grown used to that joyous time.”
“Those days are gone, Brother. The people do not care for our teachings anymore. Look at our temple. When did the last worshipper come here? All things have their time, and ours is in the past. The moment has come for us to let this place be. In the end, time swallows us all. But we have a home in Eternity, Brother. The Sisters will be waiting to welcome you.” He tilted his head to indicate the statues standing symmetrically outside the doors.
“What if I do not like it there on the other side?” the old man asked. His voice cracked, heavy with strain.
“Brother, your flesh is dying. You have stayed here too long. You must come before you perish.”
The old man’s words were muffled in his cloak, and I could scarcely hear him. “I’ve lived so long, I’ve forgotten what it is to die. But I suppose change is also a kind of death.” He sighed before whispering in his unsteady voice, “Let me have a last meal before I go.”
The white man seemed relieved. “Have you money, Brother? For all our magic, we have not the power to conjure food from air.”
The old man reached into his cloak, pulling out his knotted fist and laying something beside the flame on the altar. When he took his hand away, three pearls sat on the altar’s rim – a white, a green, and a blue. The colors were pale, shining with a translucence; they reminded me of the ocean. Over their colors, the altar’s flame cast its orange glow. “I stumbled upon fortune today,” the old man said. “This should be enough to buy me a meal.”
With a thin finger, the other man touched the white pearl. “For how long has my brother been begging and thieving the streets?”
“Only for a few moments longer,” the old man said, and there was a smile in his words. “Wait for me here. I should not be too long.” With that, he took the pearls. Making his way up the ring of stairs, he passed me and went out into the autumn forest.

• • •

The old man left a crack between the doors and a narrow beam fell into the dark. Behind me, the other man was nowhere to be seen. There was only the light of the altar pressing against the shadows. I waited and wondered, if I tried, if I could go back to my academic world, like waking up from a dream.
Through the crack, I saw the old man descending the last of the temple steps. I hesitated. Then I sprinted after him.
We returned through the golden forest and the sighing leaves, back to the dirt path, curving along its length until the woods broke into a rolling scene of hills and grass.
The autumn sun was low in the sky. It brimmed over the horizon with the last hints of afternoon gold. The fields shone with autumn, the fair grass swaying in a breeze. Smoke lifted from chimneys while swallows turned in the air, diving through the dusk. A dog’s bark broke the quiet, and every so often came the low of a cow. The wind was heavy with the scent of pasture and farm.
Travelers passed us as we walked. To each, the old man stretched out his hand and some would drop him a coin or two. I wondered why the old man was still collecting money if he was leaving soon.
Eventually, the path wound into a wide plain. Streams ran through the grass, and along a river wandered a herd of deer, their bodies lean and brown. Great clouds cast darkness across the plain and a vast line of mountains shaded the grass.
Dwarfed by the land, we made our way through the plains, the long grasses stretching above our heads. Between the grass blades, I saw the light was fading from the skies. Stars were beginning to poke through the dark, shining into a deepening night sky washed with blacks and blues. Gently, the sun pulled back the day’s light behind the corners of the landscape and drained the earth into a quiet shade.
A village lay where the path ended, nestled in the foot of the mountains, the path curving into the cluster of houses like a strand of brown hair. We reached the village as night fell. In the new night sky, a long star shone out from the rest. At the height of the village, beneath the star, a castle stood, majestic though its walls were falling to rubble. It seemed a haunted place, honored as one respects death, for the castle looked as though its soul had left. Its scaffolds were quiet and its stones serene. But a candle burned in a window at its topmost tower and announced silently to the night that its stones held life.
Lamps were being lit along the streets, unwrapping spheres of light over the dusty roads. Passing windows, I could smell roasted meats, flavored with dashes of wine. At times, the aroma of baked bread filled the air. Families sat around tables, their kitchen ovens opened to infuse their houses with warmth and scent the cold of autumn.
We turned a corner into a marketplace where a string of lanterns illuminated the alleys. Moths fluttered around the lights, their wings puffing a white powder. The streets were crowded with pedestrians jostling at the counters. A man stepped through me, the heat of his body passing into me as I swept around him. He continued on, as though nothing had happened.
Many of the stands sold meats, the animals hanging skinned from the booths. Others were cluttered with fruits and vegetables, or arrayed with arts, crafts, and pottery. The old man stopped at a counter that was nearly hidden behind billows of smoke, as if the stand were on fire. The smoke was so thick it completely obscured the vender. Great wafts lifted past the hanging lanterns and disappeared into the strip of stars between the rooftops.
There was a particularly large crowd huddled at this stand, but the old man waited his turn patiently. Finally, the cluster in front of us thinned and the old man approached the counter. Between the ruffles of vapor, an old woman’s face appeared, peering like a witch over her cauldron. “And what would you like, sir?” she asked.
“Your famous recipe,” the old man replied.
“Ahhh yessss.” She withdrew behind the steam and I could only hear her voice drifting out. “Everyone comes for that.” She spoke slowly, her voice crinkled like a ball of paper. I realized they were speaking a different language from that of the old men back at the temple. The language was lighter, more like Audrey’s, but without the breathy air that I had found so alluring.
“Here y’are, sir,” I heard. The billows parted and her ragged face appeared again, her eyes sunken in their sockets, blood-red veins lining their cloudy whites. “Smoking lamb stew,” she said with her cracked lips. She heaved a clay bowl onto the counter.
I could hardly see the bowl beneath the steam. I would never have known it was there if I hadn’t seen the old lady struggle to lift it. I leaned over, the heat of the steam shocking on my face. The soup was speckled with pepper and slices of green vegetable. Ovals of golden oil dotted the surface. Rising from the broth was a great leg of lamb, whole and uncut, with fat rippling folds of red skin, crisp and roasted. The entire leg was thickly flecked with pungent spices. The scent was enough to ache the hunger in my stomach. I was surprised to find that, instead of passing through it, I could feel the warm sides of the bowl beneath my fingers. I tried to lift it to my face, but was disappointed when I found it wouldn’t budge. With some difficulty, I leaned back from the rich scent of the mutton.
“That’ll be threeee silversss,” the old lady rasped.
“I have something more valuable to give you,” the old man said. He unfurled his fist to reveal the three colored pearls.
The woman’s eyes widened. “Sir, you pay too much.”
“I have no use for them.”
To my shock, a gloved hand grabbed the old man by the shoulder, pulling him back. “Those are the king’s stones.”
I saw by his attire that the gloved man was a knight. He was clothed in a suit of mail interwoven with fabric depicting a star. The star reminded me of the long star that shone above the city.
The knight scooped the pearls into his wide hand. “Sir, you know discovered valuables are to be reported and left at the government’s hall. And I know these could not have been given to you.” The knight’s features softened beneath the silver rim of his helmet. “I’m sorry, but my vow is to the law.”
“I understand,” the old man replied. “When?”
“Tomorrow night you will be relieved of this life.” The knight led the old man to his horse, helping him to mount before swinging up behind and taking the reins, the old man cradled between the knight’s arms like a child. Thus they wove through the crowds before they were swallowed in the distance.
As they rode away, I tried to follow, willing myself to move after them. But my feet remained stiffly on the ground. I looked on long after they were gone, staring at the swirling crowds, standing helplessly beneath the hanging lanterns, the fluttering moths releasing powder from their wings like snow.




Chapter 6


The scene around me began to move. I was standing still but the alley pulled past me as if on a conveyor belt. The vegetable stands glided by, the pedestrians sliding as they walked, faster and faster. The crowd turned swiftly into a blur, the stands into a colored smear; a dog’s bark whipped past my ear. Overhead, the lanterns streaked into a glowing line and the strip of night sky bleached white into a haze of stars.
I realized I wasn’t in the marketplace anymore. The brilliant line of overhead lanterns had disappeared; the crowds waned into the shadows of vacant streets, the scent of food fading into the cold aroma of an autumn night. The deserted streets brushed by and I saw the sky had opened into an expanse, no longer the narrow strip above the alley, but wide over the houses, its stars splashing into pale strokes.
The old castle grew closer. I was drawn up a lonely path, a mountain forest thickening around me. The roar of rushing water came louder. Briefly, I saw the waves of a river, the gleam of falling water. Then the castle walls burst fully into view. I heard my own cry as the stone walls struck me with their cold solidity. And I was inside the castle.
The walls of a Great Hall were lined with tapestries of angels. Banquet tables brimmed with dishes, the fragrance warm and inviting. Jugglers flipped through the air with swirling colored balls and bursts of flame. Crowds milled together in attires of vibrant silks. Before it all, a king sat on a throne beneath a canopy of white.
I was pulled through a banquet table and stopped next to the king. I could see him closely, his hair glossed to a shine under a crown of pearl white. Wrinkles furrowed his face, crumpling his skin like folds in a blanket. But his eyes were like sapphires, young and alive in an ancient face. He was looking hard at the man in front of him.
“And what of my nephew?” the king asked. His words were light, as Audrey’s had been, smoother than the language of the peasants in the marketplace, but dense in texture where Audrey’s words had been translucent.
“Alive and well, Sire,” said the messenger.
“But his campaigns are failing.”
“I’m afraid the East Isles will soon be lost.”
A man at the king’s side leaned to speak in his ear, “Majesty, we must take the isles. We cannot let Moreina gain control of them. The Moreinans are richer in exotics already; they will far outstrip us if they have the isles.”
The king said nothing but only ran a brooding finger through the curls of his beard. Finally, he grunted, “I understand. Send in another regiment.”
The messenger bowed. He turned sharply on his heel and left the hall. Afterwards, the advisor whispered, with a consoling voice, “I know, Sire, your concern for your nephew. You value him as a son. But our country is at stake, Majesty. We do not have the luxury to think with our hearts.”
“Ah, Vercinick, we are old men. As youths, we think with our hopes; as men, we think with our heads; and now that we are old, it is time to think with our hearts. Our lives are behind us. If it is not time to indulge in that luxury, then will you leave this life never having experienced it?”
“Sire, our duty is to our country, to the needs of Alhallra.”
“Always with the head, Vercinick,” the king said faintly, his blue eyes looking ahead but seeing a distant image that was worrisome on his mind. “We have known each other our whole lives. You are dearer to me than a brother. Few men can compare with your brilliance and no man is more deserving of my trust. But my wife is scarcely younger than I, and still we are barren. There is little hope for a direct heir, Vercinick. All of Alhallra knows that. I am the end of the line of Serafin. So who will take the throne if my nephew dies in war? Vercinick, you know he would make a fine ruler, for I’ve watched him grow as a boy.” The king leaned back into the cushions. “But I am a sentimental old fool.”
“There is that old fool in every one of us, Sire.”
The king said tiredly, waving a hand, “Let in the other messengers.”
Vercinick nodded over his shoulder. A boy returned the nod from across the room and pushed open the entrance.
A man slipped through, reading out an ambassador’s report of a distant blue land with seas that iced over in the winter. A burly page followed, delivering news of the unusually high rise of the Dabi River in Moreina; the river had watered the trees and infused the soil with a rich silt, and it is predicted that Moreina’s crops would be even more abundant this season. The king cursed softly.
After foreign affairs came messengers bearing news of the state. “Reports indicate that the Sallarah drought has been mild this year, Sire. Only three Sallahri deaths have been reported. Last week, the Sallahri rains came, announcing the end of the dry period. In gratitude, the Sallahri have made bountiful offerings to the Angels. Grains have been burnt in the Temple of Sal and livestock slaughtered upon Her altar. She enjoys the bounty of the land She has given them.”
The evening ended with a line of criminal reports. A murderer in chains was brought in to beg before the king. The knight escorting him wore a seven-pointed star on his mail, the lowest arm of the star stretching long down the center of the suit. The knight knelt, his sword before him with the tip to the ground, his hands a folded prayer around the hilt, pressing it to his bowed forehead. “My lord, it is I, Gallad, your humble servant. I present to you the offender Ballith, who has been apprehended for the infamous murder of the three Tellari girls. He has come to beg from you the forgiveness of the State, that his condemned soul might have a chance in the realm of Angels, for the victims’ parents have denied forgiveness.”
“Forgiveness granted,” the king said.
Gallad stood and led the murderer from the hall.
The night was late, the banquet nearly done. Servants filed in, clearing the tables. The jugglers had ceased to entertain; they sat on the center rug, strands of smoke curling lazily from the colored balls around them. A few guests collected in knots to view the procession of convicts. The candles burned low and the Great Hall was almost empty.
It was then that a familiar knight entered, escorting a darkly robed old beggar. “Majesty, I pray thee indulge me with your time.”
“Kallan, you may rise.”
“This thief has been caught stealing from your castle. I am here to return to the king his stones, to be laid in their proper place as part of His Majesty’s newest renovation.” Kallan bent to a knee and presented the three colored pearls on the palm of his gloved hand. “This thief has come to beg your forgiveness, so his soul may have a chance to dine with the Angels.”
“Forgiveness granted,” the king said. He paused, and there was a prolonged silence as he studied the old man’s starving frame. I sensed pity stirring in the king. Finally, he said, “Beggar, you have lived a long and hard life. You have taken from me not out of malice but necessity, and you have done me no harm, so I grant you forgiveness from your punishment. Old beggar, I can spare a little of my wealth to feed you, that you will no longer need to thieve the streets. Come, live as a guest in my castle until the end of your days. May the final few years of your life be as kind as all your previous years have been harsh. Knight Kallan, please, give him back the stones he’s found and escort him to a chamber.”
Kallan bowed, his arm across his chest. He took the old man by the arm and walked him out the doors. I moved from the king’s side, down from the podium, following the knight and the beggar – relieved that I’d found the old man at last.




Chapter 7


Windows reflected the corridor candles, the glass washed with warm candlelight fading into the cool scene of night sky beyond. Kallan told a maid to care for the old man. The lady bowed, a curtsy in her robe, before Kallan bid the old man farewell.
The maid led the old man up a curving staircase, the edges of it pebbled with gems twisting in artistic designs. At the landing, the maid lit a match, striking it against her hip. “This way, sir,” she said, opening a door and letting the old man in. She lit candles inside before igniting the fireplace with a stick. When the room was glowing, she said, “You must not have eaten in a long while, by the looks of you. Is there any food you’d like?”
The old man removed his hood with a pale hand, revealing a hoary head, a face gaunt to near starvation. When he answered, his voice was chipped, like a bit off a porcelain bowl. “Just Madam Molla’s smoking lamb stew, miss,” he said simply.
“I’ll send a boy to fetch it.”
When the maid left, the old man went to the window and slid back the curtain. Outside, the moon was full. A wash of starlight spilled in onto the stone. His hand was fragile in the white light. A night breeze came and refreshed the stale air of the chamber.
I stood beside him and saw a bird outside on the sill. Its feathers were black, glossed like the pearly underside of a shell. I thought it was a kind of raven, or perhaps a strange nightingale.
“He’s sent a messenger,” the old man said.
In response, the bird began to sing a melancholic song. Gradually, I understood its notes as words. “Brother, I waited but you did not come. So I sent a messenger to look for you and I saw you with that knight. Why did you go with him, Brother?”
The old man sighed, “What difference does it make where I spend Eternity?”
“We would have missed you if you had gone to the Angels.”
“Who knows where mortals go when they die. Perhaps, they go nowhere. Perhaps, they truly die.” The old man reached out and let the bird step onto his palm. He brought the bird into the chamber and sat quietly on his bed, partially hidden behind the bed’s canopy.
“Brother,” the bird’s voice was sad. The nightingale bent its head submissively as the old man stroked its head with a finger. “Come and be with us.”
“I’ve been here for so long. This place is my home.”
“There can be new homes, Brother.”
“Already the weight of the years is heavy. The memories grow heavier with time, and they are crushing me. How can I bear the weight of Eternity?”
“There is peace beyond the Sisters, Brother.” The bird’s song was a whisper. It shed a single tear, sliding from the darkness of its eye. The old man caught the tear on his finger. He raised it to the light of the candelabra, examining the teardrop on the face of his fingertip. The tear solidified into a tiny clear sphere; he rolled it into the palm of his hand and tucked it into his robes. “Remember me by that, Brother,” said the bird.
“There is no need to weep for me. Look around you. This place is beautiful. Tonight, I will bathe in that pool there,” the old man indicated a bathtub set into the flooring. “Tomorrow, the sun will rise and fill this room with sunshine. The morning larks will sing and I will breakfast to their sound. Afterwards, I might take a walk through the dawn. The days will go on like this until the day my body falls asleep here. It will stay here, where it belongs, forever becoming a part of the earth that is my home.”
Though the bird shed no more tears, it seemed to weep. “Then let me stay here with you for the night, until dawn. I’ll wait for you at the temple before I leave. Perhaps, you will change your mind.”
The sound of a key in the lock made the bird fly to the windowsill. The maid returned, bearing a tray laden with not only a steaming bowl of soup, but a variety of fruits, vegetables and desserts. “How’s my guest?” she asked, closing the door. She set the tray next to the circular bath.
The bath was built into the floor, made entirely of colored pebbles that curved in designs imitating water and fish. The maid turned a lever that let in a gradual stream of water. When the bath was filled, she lit a fire in a hollow beneath the stone. “Get the bath warm for you,” she remarked.
From her pocket, she took out vials of honey and violets that she poured into the tub, swirling the water with her arm, her sleeve rolled to the shoulder. A perfume rose, its aroma a flavor on my tongue. She uncorked a glass of dried flowers, sprinkling it into the water like a chef adding spices to a boiling pot. The bath lifted steam in thick currents throughout the room. The fragrance was almost palpable.
“It’s ready,” she said, satisfied. She unfolded a fabric and laid it next to the bath. “There’s your robe, sir. Your nightgown is on your bed. I’ll pick up the food tray in the morning. Goodnight.” With that, she walked out of the room, the door closing after her.
The bird hopped along the window ledge, leaning over to peer through the steam into the colorful bath waters.
“Would Eternity be this comfortable, Brother?” the old man asked. He went to the tray, picking up the bowl of soup. He brought it to the window next to the bird, the steam from the bowl falling in billows to the ground. He set the bowl on the ledge, so the steam rolled over the stone sill into the night. “A taste of the famous lamb, Brother?”
“I have no wish to make my messenger sick.”
The old man bit into the lamb shank, savoring it. He watched the tendrils of steam dissolve into a dark breeze. Below, the village lights shone as pinpricks in the black valley, like fireflies in grass. Softly, the old man asked, “Would you not miss this place?”
“Of course,” the bird said. For a moment, both the man and the bird were silent as they watched the aging night, musing in their own worlds, a bowl of mutton stew steaming between them. Inside, the bath was still full and hot, saturating the chamber with mist. I could smell its perfume, sweet like nectar, mixing with the cooked scent of soup.
“Thank you for coming, Brother,” said the old man. He dipped a piece of lamb in the broth. The beads of oil bobbed in the bowl, golden like the lights of the valley.
“No, Brother,” replied the nightingale. “It was selfish of me. I came for my own sake, that I might have your company forever. Not for you.”
The old man paused, the lamb between his fingers, the steam from it curling like smoke from a cigarette. “You came because you love me. How could love be so kind and yet so selfish?”
“Love is a strange creature faceted with many faces.”
“I have never envied love’s strange passions.”
“No wise man would envy a lover. Yet no man is wise until he has loved.”
The rest of the meal was eaten in silence. Soon the lamb was gone. The old man lifted the bowl to his lips and drained it of its broth. Once again, he held out his hand to the nightingale, bringing the bird into the room; the bird fluttered precariously, beating its black wings in a flash of glossy feather. “Moving more quickly now that we’re full, Brother?” the bird said.
“If you have wings, why must I carry you?”
“It is hard for old men to get around easily,” the bird said, before flying to the fireplace mantel, the firelight casting a glow against its feathers.
The old man began to undress for the bath; his robes fell to the floor in a heave. His skin was a pallor sicklied over with the spots of age. Draping over his sharp spine were the lengths of his hair, the strands just touching the tips of his angular pelvis. Raising his head, he looked directly at me, and I thought wildly that he could see me. His colorless lips parted. Steam writhed around his naked flesh. He seemed not human but a creature wreathed in mist. Briefly, I was afraid he was angry that I’d intruded on his private moment. But he turned back to the bath. The moment was gone, and he was an old man again. And I was only a shadow, formless in the chamber.
Slowly, he eased himself through the bath’s steam. Though his frame seemed of such small weight, he lifted it with effort as if it were a great burden to carry. He lay near the edge, his head on a pillow with his thin eyelids closed, so translucent that I felt I could almost see through them to his eyes beneath. His hair floated in a lattice around him, crimson petals drifting into the white strands. The steam was moist against my own skin, the heat of it against my body.
After a while, he brought the food tray to him and set it afloat on the waters. When he finished eating, he wrapped the bathing robe around himself. Most of the bath bubbles had settled to the floor, rolling on the stone ground. Some sat stacked around the chamber. I realized I’d never seen any of them pop.
The old man’s feet swept the bubbles aside. At the fireplace, the nightingale was asleep, its head tucked beneath its feathers. The old man looked fondly at the bird for a moment, before going to bed.
A quiet filled the room. Steam still rose from the bath, winding towards the ceiling. Through the mist, bubbles fell, tumbling across the floor and gathering in corners. A tall pile had collected next to the fireplace. I went there and lay on them, warm beside the fire. It was like lying on air, the spheres delicate, their touch a whisper.
I wondered how long I’d been gone from Berkeley. I wondered where I was. Perhaps in a dream? But when were dreams so vivid? I wondered if I had indeed died that night in the parking lot and walked now on another world as a ghost.
I played with that thought as the candles burned lower, the wax of the candelabras dripping into pools on the ground. A breeze blew in from the window, ruffling the curtains and tousling the tassels on the bed drapes. The wind brought the fragrance of the bath to me, and its rich scent was the last thing I remembered before I fell asleep.




Chapter 8


I woke to the sound of song.
The chamber was dim when I opened my eyes; the last candles were reduced to embers, sparks peering from the dark like devil’s eyes. The fireplace simmered, but I could feel the cold that lay just beyond the fire’s reach. The edges of the room were invisible in shadow, nearly a solid wall of blackness. A blue light fell in from the window and I could see the bath lit in its glow, petals and bubbles drifting on the surface.
At the window ledge was the nightingale – its song sweeping into the cold blue light. It filled the dark with the sound of agony. And then it was quiet as it looked at the drawn bed curtains. Strands of steam lifted and unraveled before the bird’s gaze. I could hear my own steady breaths. The bird was motionless beneath the arch of the window.
There was a pop, a cracking in the fireplace. The bird opened its wings and flew out into the blue light.
I stood from my bed of bubbles. Beyond the window, the bird glided over a fresh land, disappearing into the distance. Where the bird faded from view, the first signs of dawn appeared across the rim of the valley. Sunlight began to color the landscape. The sky blushed with pale pinks. At the window, I could feel the morning light passing through me. Below, the village slumbered beneath a blanket of mist, a few early lights shining through the whiteness.
I heard the door open, and the maid entered carrying a tray.
“Morning, sir,” she said, a singsong note in her voice. “Did you have a good sleep?”
She set the tray next to the candelabrum by the bed. The candles were out, the pool of wax cold and hardened at its base. She drew back the bed curtains and let the light fall across the old man’s face. His translucent eyelids puckered against the morning.
“The king wants to have breakfast with you, to get to know his newest guest,” she said. “I suggest you change into that robe on your tray. I’ve brought you morning snacks, as well. You look starved to death.” She bustled about the chamber, collecting the waxen candle stubs and tucking them into a large pocket folded into the front of her robe. As she plied at a melted candle stuck fast in its holder, she continued, “I’ll wash that black robe of yours. If you have anything in those pockets, you better take them out.” The candle came loose and she popped it into her giant pocket. “C’mon, get up, or you won’t have time to dress and groom and finish your snacks before the king wants to see you.” She produced from her pocket some fresh candles. Untying the string that held them together, she went about the room placing them in their holders.
At the bed, the old man’s hand reached wearily for the robe on the tray. He pulled it to him and drew shut the draping. There was a rustling, and every so often, the drapes would bend with the shape of an elbow behind it.
All the while, the maid tidied the room. She unplugged a stop and drained the water from the tub, leaving threads of steam rising from the bath stones. With a broom, she swept the bubbles through the balcony and out into the morning air. The spheres sailed into the open dawn, rising over the waking land. They turned silver in the sunlight before the wind blew them away, disappearing into the brightening sky.
The maid closed the balcony panes and picked up the old man’s rags. Rummaging through the pockets, she plucked out the three pearls and the nightingale’s tear, placing them over the fireplace.
The bed curtains stirred and the old man appeared in his new robe. “It fits you nicely,” she said pleasantly. Nevertheless, she took a needle and thread from her pocket and hemmed at the edges of the gown. She used oils to comb the old man’s hair, twisting its lengths into a tight knot at the nape of his neck. “Just some scents and you’ll be ready,” she said, rubbing fragrance onto her palms and patting the old man at the base of his jaw, finally checking his hair to make sure every strand was in place. “There, perfect. I’ll go drop your clothes at the laundry. I’ll come back for you when the king calls. In the meantime, eat your snacks.” She picked up the empty tray from last night and whisked out of the room.
It was strange to see the old man in his fresh attire. His hair was sleek, the knot at the back crossed intricately, exposing the angles in his jaw. The collar of his robe was embroidered and from him came a faint scent of perfume. He seemed a different person from the creature I’d seen in the mist of the bath. His slenderness had a clean, stately appearance. With a hand, he touched his white hair and then the silk of his clothes.
On the food tray, pieces of bread, slightly browned, were stacked alongside a bowl of honey. A glass held a drink with ice and circles of rinds. The old man dipped a slice of bread into the nectar, and I could taste it, cold and sweet in my mouth.
After he had eaten, he went to the fireplace and picked up the tear of the nightingale. He held it for a long time, looking at it silently. He turned to the window where the bird had sung, and stared at the window ledge. The morning sun bathed the empty sill in a naked light. He stood still, holding the tear on his palm.
When the maid returned, the old man started visibly. “The king is ready for you, sir,” she said.
He nodded. He swept the stones into his hand and dropped everything into his pocket.
“Follow me, sir.”
And I followed them out of the chamber.




Chapter 9


The Great Hall was bare in the morning. The place seemed chillier without the flame of the jugglers. Instead of banquet tables lining the walls, there was only a single table running down the middle. The curtains had been drawn back from a row of windows and I saw the valley spread below, the sun spilling into it like a pitcher of lemonade into a great bowl.
“How’s my newest guest?” The king was seated at the head of the table, Vercinick to the right. Save for the two of them, the hall was empty and his voice resonated down the table.
“Fine, Sire.” The old man made a small bow before he sat.
“How are you finding the Krystalline Castle?”
“Very well. His Majesty is too kind to offer his home to a beggar.”
“There are enough empty rooms in this old castle. We could use an extra guest to fill a void.”
“I am grateful for the king’s generosity.”
“The king is too kind,” Vercinick spoke.
“And my chief advisor here too wise,” the king returned.
Vercinick folded his hands. He tapped his napkin when he said, “The heart can be unwise, Your Majesty.”
“And the mind can be too cold.”
The old man looked from one to the other. Finally, he spoke to break the silence, “Where is Her Majesty this morning?”
“It’s much too early for her to rise,” the king said. “She breakfasts in bed besides.”
“Stranger,” Vercinick interjected, “your speech is eloquent. Tell us where you are from.”
“Indeed,” the king agreed, “how did you come to be in your situation? You don’t seem part of the common populace.”
Before the old man could reply, a servant entered with a tray of round cakes. The cakes fluffed over the porcelain bowls like freshly baked bread, the crust dusted with sugar. The diners used a long spoon to break through the crust, releasing a sweet scent as they scooped out the custard within. The hall was silent as they ate.
After a while, Vercinick addressed the old man. “Tell us, in all your years, which have you found to be wiser – the heart or the mind?”
“Vercinick,” sighed the king, “your mind is tirelessly obsessive. Is that not true, do you find?” He turned to the old man, who looked up like a startled rabbit, his spoon hovering over his half-eaten cake, frozen on its way to his mouth. When he said nothing, the king continued, “My advisor never breaks from affairs of the state.”
“They are important, Sire.” Vercinick leaned in to the king’s ear and whispered, “Without an heir and with your nephew at war, Alhallra’s future is at great uncertainty.”
“For this country, I’ve already placed my nephew in danger.”
“It was his choice, Sire.”
“For this country, I will not remarry.”
Vercinick stopped eating, holding his utensil motionless. The king stared at the cream in his cake, and the old man peered from behind his hovering spoon.
In the utter stillness, I saw a small motion. The old man took out the stones from his pocket, but held them in his fist beneath the table.
It was Vercinick who finally spoke. “Sire, do not let love compel you into a selfish act. The best deed of a man is to sacrifice what he loves for a greater cause.”
“I’m not a great man, Vercinick. I am just an old man who happens to be king. What right did the Angels have to place the burden of a kingdom upon me? I do not have the strength to bear it properly. Let us speak of this no more.” He drew a long breath as he leaned back and said, “I apologize for having brought our troubles before our guest.” He smiled wanly at the old man, as though he were tired. “So tell us, where are you from?”
“Sire, my land is far from here. I have family there waiting for me, but I’ve kept myself from them for the love of this land. Your friend is wise. Love is often selfish.” The old man stopped and I saw the muscles in his fist tighten around the stones he held. “So I cannot stay here, Your Majesty. Though your land is beautiful.”
“As you wish,” the king said, puzzled.
“Sire, let me give this land a gift.” The old man took out the stones from beneath the table, placing the white stone before the king. “This stone will give Alhallra great strength in battle.” He drew out the green stone. “And this stone blesses your nation with intellect.” The king and his advisor studied the colored pearls as the old man continued, “To balance these two strengths, I give you the weakness of compassion.” And he placed the blue stone beside the other two. “For the kindness you have shown me, Your Majesty, all the traits of these stones I give directly to you. And one trait to each of your three children – that from now on, every ruler of Alhallra shall bear three heirs, each with a trait of the stones.”
“Who are you?” Vercinick asked.
“I am the last of the mages of old. I belong to an era that has been forgotten. A long time ago, I taught your people the wisdom of magery.”
“Mages? But they are myths.”
“With enough time, all history becomes legend and all its truths bend to myth. Keep the Stones well and let your country prosper.”
“You blessed my children?” the king asked. “But I am childless.”
“There is no need for both of us to make the selfless sacrifice, Sire,” the old man replied; a smile creased the lines of his face. “Stay with your wife, have heirs, and be merry.”

• • •

Later that morning, I followed the old man out of the castle. Turning down the wooded path, a waterfall fell behind us, running into a river that flowed through the forest. As we walked, the roar of the waters faded into the call of morning birds, and soon, we saw the valley below us – the waking village with its threads of chimney smoke and herds of deer grazing beyond.
In the village, the market was alive with the fresh scent of bakery. Warm breads hung from the stands, puffing steam into the chilly morning. Cakes sat on the counters, misting the faces of vendors with their warmth. Beyond the marketplace, the streets seemed silent after the hum of the market crowds. At the far end of the street, a man was putting out the streetlights. It wasn’t long before we left the sleepy village behind and made our way back across the plains, wind ruffling the flaxen fields like fingers through a maiden’s hair. Eventually, the fields rose into a hill before we reached the forest again. The leaves fell, golden through the white-branched trees.
When we arrived at the crumbling temple, I ascended the stones with the old man, his gown fluttering at his ankles as he walked. Light lined the temple with hues that matched the leaves above.
“Brother!” The old man opened the door and I saw the fire in the copper bowl. It burned blue this time, illuminating the circular chamber with an eerie radiance. Save for the curling smoke, the temple was utterly still. The syllables of the old man’s word lingered, an echo against the stones.
He moved to the altar. The firelight washed over him, his skin dyed to blue. He opened his hand, revealing the nightingale’s tear on his palm. “Brother, you knew this would cause me to return to you. You knew I have not the strength to grieve you.”
Only the echo of his voice answered him. There was a pause, a quiet waiting, before the silence was broken by speech, “I did not know, Brother. It was not knowledge but hope.” The white man stepped from the darkness, brushing aside the shadows. His pallid robe hung long and the shine of his pallor was startling in the dark. He took the tear from the old man. “Thank you for coming, Brother. Eternity would have been bare without you.”
“Why choose Eternity?”
“It is a fine reward, Brother.”
“It is a difficult choice.”
“Between death and forever, men would envy us this choice.”
“Only the fools.”
“Brother.” The white man said the word with nearly a sigh. Before he could continue, the old man interrupted:
“Men are lucky they have this choice made for them.”
“But we are more than men, so we must bear the more difficult choices.”
“Would it not be better then, to be less.” A look of fear passed over the old man’s features. “Eternity is a long time, Brother.”
The white man took the other’s hand. “Do not fear that its weight will crush you. There is no weight there for you to bear.”
I saw the old man squeeze the hand he was holding. “Memories can be a heavy burden to carry. And they grow so with time.”
“They become lighter there.”
“I may not have the strength to bear them up.”
“There will be no burdens for you to carry.”
The blue flame flickered in its bowl, casting light quivering along the shadows. When the old man spoke again, it was a whisper that pushed a line of rising smoke with its breath, “I trust you, Brother.”
“Thank you for your sacrifice.”
The old man walked around the altar, supported on the white man’s arm. “You have lit the blue flames for farewell.”
“Indeed,” the white man replied. “A farewell to you if you didn’t come. And a farewell for you, if you did.”
The two turned their backs on the altar and faced the darkness beyond. “Where is your staff, Brother?” asked the white man.
“If I cannot rest here, then may my staff rest here for me.”
“I see. I am glad that you are coming home,” the white man said.
They walked down the altar steps, away into the dark. The old man’s voice drifted back to me, “So you have seen Eternity.”
“Oh yes.”
“Is it beautiful?”
“Oh yes.”
Their last words faded; the dark enveloped them, the hems of their cloaks disappearing into the shadow.
And I heard nothing more.




Chapter 10


I went to the other side of the altar, to the area where I’d last seen them. There was nothing except the temple wall, the stones solid beneath my hands. I thought I might pass through it, but when I stepped forward the wall struck rudely against my body. The flame was starting to wane, the fire suspended in the copper basin without wax or wick. Oil pooled at the bottom, reflecting the blue of the fire. Soon, it was gone, evaporating into a twist of smoke. And all that shone was a wan beam peering in from a high window, close to the ceiling.
In the thin light, I could see drifts of dust. The pallor colored with a yellow hue, the tone strengthening into a radiant shaft falling past the altar and illuminating the stone wall where the old men had disappeared. The light revealed the remnants of a mural. Grey stone showed where the paint had chipped away, but in other parts the mural was lustrous. At the center, the twin Sisters were still bright with paint; they stood on either side of a gate, towering over me, wearing silks of white, their gowns trimmed with silver ropes around the waist.
The light from the window became blinding. I raised my arm to shield my face, but the light fell through my arm. Just as suddenly, it began to wane, its golden tones diluting into whiteness. Darkness crept around the edges and shaded the mural. The air turned to grey. Then all was black.
I stood in the hollow of the temple, feeling my heart beating in the dark. My breath echoed, rasping in my mouth. Into the silence came the sound of the leaves outside, the creaking of boughs. The light appeared again, watery, falling from the high opening. But soon it strengthened to gold, illuminating the temple. The mural lighted in all its splendor before the shadows fell in; the light faded and I found myself plunged into blackness.
Before long, the light came again, followed immediately by darkness and then light. In the flickering glow, I saw the mural deteriorating. The paint peeled as I watched, the colors fading into pallor. The silks of the Sisters decayed into the stone beneath and the bright wash of the mural crumbled to powder.
I pressed my hand to the painting. I could feel the wall disintegrating, the stones shriveling, the paints paling to dust. Soon, the Sisters were all that were left, but they were fast disappearing. I touched their painted fabrics as if to save them, but they withered into nothing beneath my hand.
When I stepped back, the wall was entirely bare with only the light flickering over it. There was a crash behind me; a whole side of the temple wall had collapsed. Past the fallen stones, the forest outside opened and the scene I saw amazed me.
The leaves were fading in and out of colors. The gold of autumn changed into the white of winter, and snows came to adorn the branches before melting into rivers. Buds blossomed into leaves of green-yellow. Grasses grew and died, flowers bloomed and wilted. And then the gold of autumn would come again. The seasons passed before my eyes. The skies turned from day to night in rapid succession. The stars flashed across the dark curve of the hemisphere. The sun moved over the sky, dawn and dusk but seconds apart. Before the nights came, the sunsets lit the temple, basking the stones in a brilliant array before the nights swallowed the land.
Around me, the temple eroded away; the muralled wall fell into rubble. I found myself exposed to the changing atmosphere. Winds blew across me. Storms raged for instants, sweeping through me in a fury of rain and lightning before I even realized what had come. And they were gone just as quickly.
The forest was growing in. The stones on which I stood dissolved into dirt. All that remained was the altar, the copper bowl split in two. Then it too collapsed into the ground.
And the temple was gone.
I was surrounded by only the changing forest passing through its seasons, the frost of winter and the heat of summer breaking against each other.
I felt myself rise like the wind. I was blown into the changing leaves, the white boughs striking against me. Snow surged in violent gusts, driving through the trees, before the boughs blossomed into a yellow-green, rain falling in showers.
I rose above the forest into the skies, wrapped within the stars. The sun bloomed across the eastern horizon then died into a bloody pool beyond the mountains. I blew like a leaf across the lands, the scenes swirling past me. In the distance, I saw the village after the rise of the hill. Behind the village, the carve of the mountains was the same, but the village itself had completely transformed with time.
At first, I thought it was a single immense palace, for it was striking in its uniformity. But as I swept towards it, I realized the village had grown into an expansive city emerging from the valley in a solitary piece of architecture. The entire edifice was made of a glass crystal, as though it’d been carved from ice. Rising into the rocks of the mountain, the city was layered in circular tiers like a temple spire. Enormous pillars twisted throughout this white metropolis. Crowning the city, amongst mists of cloud, was the castle. The castle was no longer built of stone, but was hewn from the same crystal as the city. A waterfall fell from the castle walls, running silver through the streets.
I rushed towards the city above a grassy plain. Streams flowed into the valley from the crystal streets. From above, the city looked like a carved ice sculpture melting into the fields. The white-horned deer could still be seen, grazing within the shadows of the plain.
Soon I was upon the city. I could see its inhabitants, tiny along the streets. I flew low over a square; it had a high pillar at its center that rose above the buildings. At its zenith was a statue of a fierce creature, impressively winged, wrapped around the column. It dangled a frightened girl from its claws, gripping the chains around her wrists.
As I rose higher, the details of the streets dissolved into the intricacies of the city outline. For a moment, I thought the streets were flowing like rivers, and then I saw it was the castle waterfall, descending over the buildings below. Boats glided on the waters in a way that reminded me of Venice.
I was pulled toward the waterfall until it crashed into me, the weight of it crushing me. I felt my chest collapsing as I thought I would drown. Just when I could bear it no more, I exploded from the waters, the castle directly before me.
The castle was a diminutive version of the spiraling city below. Its crystal walls were set with tall glass windows, oval and stained with pale hues, the colors swirling together. A river flowed from the castle gates, tumbling over the edge into the brilliant waterfall of the city. Just past the gates was a white column; it supported a statue of an angel adorned with magnificent wings and holding an orb on its palm.
The cold solidity of glass passed through me, and I was inside the castle. Light slanted into the circular hall through immense glass panes that ringed the room. Through the windows, I saw the castle spires rising into the skies, cloaked by mist. Flocks of birds flew through the forest of towers. Beyond, the city unraveled into the green valley below. Grasses stretched over the earth, ending in a horizon embedded behind mountain and forest.
At the center of the hall was a large table, heavy as though carved from marble. A young woman stood at the table, so fair she nearly blended into the walls, wintry and beautiful like the castle she stood in. Her skin was of a pallor unlike anything I’d ever seen, her face scarcely a shade darker than the silver-white lengths of her hair. She wore an elaborately hewn dress, intricate against the blank pillars, like a snowflake in a forest of white. In her hair, she wore a tiny silver crown, and beneath it her eyes were a sea-green, ringed by white lashes.
At her side, a man was speaking, his face hidden behind an extensive moustache. On his head was the crown that I’d seen the king wear, back when the village was young and the castle made of stone; it resembled a piece of carved ivory, as new as the first time I’d seen it.
“And your brother?” the man asked.
“Father, you know Hallain. He hates this war.” Her voice struck me, smooth and airy. I recognized the language. It was exactly as I had heard Audrey speak it, but this wintry lady made the language sound even more beautiful. “You both have the Gift of compassion,” she said.
“Then why has he no compassion for his own people?”
“Your compassions lie in different places, Father.”
The lady walked to me, her beauty almost unnatural. She stopped, looking out of the window at the land. Light fell across her face and lit the earrings that hung like icicles along the curve of her neck. Tentatively, I brushed a fold of her dress; it was silken, with a subtle chill like the space right above a sheet of ice. Her skin was nearly the shade of her dress, and I could hardly discern where one ended and the other began. Her flesh seemed cold, as smooth as porcelain; if I wasn’t close enough to see her blue veins, I would have sworn she were not living.
“The Sallahri are dying by the hundreds from the Everlasting Famine and his sympathies still lie with the Moreinans. My own son – against me.” The king’s words died in echoes around the hall. He leaned heavily on the table, his aged reflection almost perfect on the table surface, as if he bent over a pool of water.
She went to the king, placing a slender hand on his shoulder, “Father, you mustn’t worry. Ryloha and I support you fully.”
The king patted her pale fingers on his shoulder. “Satinah, you are my best child. What man needs a son when he has a loving daughter?”
A smile crossed her face, like moonlight. She withdrew her hand. “Father, you know that Hallain has a love for that other country.”
“We cannot trade Alhallren lives for the sake of Moreina.”
“Hallain is young, Father. In time, he will understand.”
A sound filled the hall. I noticed that what I had mistaken for windows was in fact a set of elliptical glass doors. A woman opened the doors and walked in, wearing a hooded silver cloak. Following her was another woman in an identical cloak. Then another woman and yet another appeared in a single line behind them, all wearing the same silver robes, weaving through the pillared chamber. They encircled the table in a line, military in their uniformity. They faced the king.
A metallic flutter came from their robes as they slipped back their hoods, revealing a simple crown around each of their heads. The crown circled the head in a silver line, dipping at the center of the brow and tapering to a white jewel that rested between their eyes like a star. “Majesty Cerhared, thank you for receiving us,” they said in perfect unison.
“Yes, councilors, please be seated.” The king stretched out his arms, the sleeves of his robe descending to the floor in a gleam of dark fabric.
The women reached beneath the table and drew out cushions that they placed on the air and sat on, their feet floating just above the floor.
“How is your second daughter, Sire?” spoke a councilor.
“She is well,” he replied. “I asked her to join us tonight, but the journey is long between here and the Dabian border.” He swept his arm over the table and lines appeared, twisting until they settled into a definitive shape. I realized it was a map of countries I’d never seen. Words curved across the map, curling to form a foreign language. Looking hard at the words, I was surprised to find I could read them. Over one of the lands was written ‘Land of Sky’. The king placed his hand there and it grew in size until it was the only thing on the table surface. A ‘Dabi River’ richly veined the lower half of the land, slicing through the continent from shore to shore. The lines indicating the river flowed like real water, trickling through the table.
The metallic rustle of the councilors’ cloaks brought me back from my study of the map. “Our forces have secured the eastern Dabi.” A councilor tapped the map. The lines shifted. The eastern border curved below the Dabi River into what used to be Moreina. “The fleets we’ve positioned on the East Isles have done much to help us claim one of the most bountiful regions of the Dabi.”
There was silence as the councilors pondered the map, their heads bowed with the crystal star of their crowns bright on their foreheads. Behind them, a flock of birds flew past the windows. I watched the birds fly around a castle spire and disappear into a thread of cloud.
Around the table, the councilors were talking again. “It will not fail, not with the power of the Gift Stones.”
“We cannot rely on myth to win a war.”
“Alhallra has been victorious in countless battles, and yet some still do not believe that the Last Mage –”
“We have been victorious because we have trained our knights. Because we have planned, strategized. Not because of a piece of good fortune charm.”
“But the line of Serafin has never been broken.”
“Silence!” Cerhared raised his arm, and the commotion died to nothing. “We did not come to discuss our personal beliefs. Believe what you will and debate on your own time. But I will not rely on pure faith and plunge recklessly into battle. We will strategize to the best of our ability and if we have the power of the White Stone, then so be it. Now, what propositions do we have regarding this front?” He pointed at the map and a series of suggestions followed.
The councilors’ discussion continued well into the evening. Overhead, a sunset was ripening across the sky. Between the ceiling arches, spheres began to glow, filling the hall with a gentle illumination. The councilors sitting near the window were cast into silhouette, the silver of their cloaks blending into the dark of the coming night. Outside, birds alighted on the castle steeples. The fading sun splashed the white towers with hues of pink. I watched as a bird emerged from the red of sunset. It flew towards the castle, growing larger in the waning light. But it was strange.
I walked around the table and stood at the window. The bird was approaching at a great speed, its silhouette growing larger by the second. As it came closer, I could tell that it was a massive creature. Briefly, it was obscured by a stretch of cloud before it burst from the mist, its wings a vast expanse against the sky. No longer a silhouette, I saw it was a pure white, the sunset lighting its wingtips to a glow. It resembled a dragon but bare of scales, its neck long and tapered. It flew directly towards the window where I was standing, its speed increasing.
“Open the window!”
There was a flurry as the councilors rushed to obey Satinah’s order. After a press of silver cloaks around me, the window was pushed open. The creature flew in and I was swept to the side, falling to the floor and sliding across the marble.
When I looked up, the creature was peering down at me. For an instant, I thought it saw me, but it shifted its gaze. Its slender countenance was benign, its eyes filled with giant irises of silver, as though they were diamonds the size of my open hand. The back of its head curved into an arching ridge. Its wings flanked its sides, large even though they were folded. A glow seemed to emanate from it, for there was a shimmer to its skin, like light on snow. If it had stepped from mythology, then it would have been a unicorn and a dragon all at once.
I ran my hand along the length of its nose and between its eyes; it felt cool. It raised its head and surveyed the hall, exposing its long pale throat as it sat back on its legs. The councilors were gathered behind the animal. I walked around to join them, turning to where they were looking. And there on the back of the creature, seated between its wings, was Audrey.




Chapter 11


She leapt from the creature in an easy motion. She was younger and there was a pallor to her that would have stood out on the streets of Berkeley. But here she appeared natural in her surroundings. The pallor was mostly in her skin, almost as white as Satinah’s, but her hair was a long dark shine. Her eyes were gently tapered, hued with a silver-grey I hadn’t seen before, like those of the beast she rode on. She wore a white suit of mail interwoven with cloth and leather; on the front was the Kyrion emblem – the eira rising in flames within a circle of gold.
“Ryloha!” Cerhared came towards her with his arms outstretched in welcome. “You are very late, but at least you are here. Didn’t I tell you –” He caught sight of the creature. “Didn’t I tell you not to ride bareback!” he finished, though it was clearly not what he’d originally intended to say.
Satinah’s cool voice interceded, “Father, my sister must be tired from her journey and our meeting is nearly done. Let us adjourn and continue tomorrow.”
“Yes,” Cerhared said. “Councilors, if you please.” He gestured to the doors. The councilors hooded themselves in unison, the metallic rustle filling the hall. They filed out, their mantles whispering around their feet as they wove through the pillars. They disappeared out the door, as a line of silver thread through white fabric.
When the councilors had gone, the king turned to Audrey. “Ryloha, I appreciate your coming. However, perhaps you are doing too much, this back and forth, back and forth.” He looked worried. The breath of his words ruffled his long moustache.
“Not to worry, Papa.” She took her father by the arm as they walked. “I would not tire myself to death. Besides, you were right. It would be useful to have me present at the next councilor’s meeting.”
As they departed the hall, I looked back and saw the window had been left open, its glass panes folding out into the darkening sky. The white beast was perched on the ledge, its wings wrapped around itself like a cloak. The pillars of the hall were reflected in the windows, making the chamber seem larger than it was, as though it extended out into the night.
We walked down a twisting glass stairway. Through the crystal staircase, I gazed outside beyond the castle spires to the city that stretched in a glitter of lights, like broken glass. Along the horizon, the last breaths of day showed in a crimson line dividing the shadows of the land from the darkness of the sky, a farewell said with bloody light.
Though the stairs continued to spiral down, we exited into a hallway. Statues lined the walls between the windows; I recognized the statue of the beast I’d seen in the city, but he was bent over the girl instead of dangling her, and half of her body was unformed in a mass of crystal.
The voices of Audrey and her family echoed, and I realized they were parting.
“Get some rest,” Cerhared was saying to Audrey.
“As you wish, Papa.”
“I will see my girls in the morning.” With a tired smile, he walked down the hall.
Satinah lit a light cupped in her hand, a white candleflame blooming from her palm – a bare flame, without wax or candle, flickering softly. It lit her features into an angelic glow, and she appeared unearthly.
She held the light before her as we ascended through another stairwell, arriving at a chamber. It seemed a miniature of the meeting hall with its circular wall of oval windows. Except here the chamber was a bedroom, furnished sparsely with a bed curtained in translucent silks. Satinah threw the white flame into an opening in the floor, where it burst into a fire. The flames made a whispering sound, instead of the warm crackle I was used to. Bathed in the fire’s glow, Satinah seemed to stand in moonlight.
From behind the bed curtains, I heard Audrey’s muffled voice, sounding sleepy, “Where’s Hallain?”
Satinah sighed. “I don’t know.”
Audrey made an immature pouting noise from beneath her pillow. “Ask a server to go find him.”
“By the time he’s found, you’ll be asleep, as you should be soon. You need to wake early. I’ll send a server up with your dinner.”
A grunt came from the bed. Satinah apparently took that as consent for she walked out of the doors.
For a long time, Audrey lay motionless. I thought she’d fallen asleep but she stirred and sat up, rubbing her head as she yawned. She gazed out of the tall glass panes before she made her way over and began to pull a curtain across the windows. The circle of chamber windows was halfway hidden behind the curtains when she stopped, staring out the glass.
I stood behind her. Outside, a waterfall poured across one of the spires, running over a staircase before cascading into the darkness below. Although I could see nothing unusual, Audrey’s gaze was intent. She opened the window and stepped out. She stood outside as though she were floating on air, a breeze moving her hair. Surprised, I leaned over. She was standing on a glass balcony that curved along the outside wall, embracing the exterior of the circular chamber in a ring. But no railing lined the balcony; the glass floor simply extended into the night.
Cautiously, I moved to stand beside Audrey. Beneath me, through the glass, the ground fell endlessly away, the castle lights glittering small and distant. Audrey was standing at the edge of the balcony, so close I was afraid she’d fall. And then she leapt from the glass into the darkness below.
“Audrey!” I bent to look down before I was pulled from the balcony, plummeting after her, the castle spires hurtling towards us with horrifying speed.
Audrey landed in a crouch on the roof of a tower. I felt myself thrown on top of her. In the next instant, she was running across the roof, past arrays of spires. She leapt again, falling freely until she came down lightly on the roof of a staircase below.
A waterfall coursed across this glass tower, descending over the roof of the stairs. We slid down the roof through the flowing waters, curving around the tower at a tremendous speed. The water drenched Audrey’s legs as she slid along the glass on her feet. She leapt onto the top of a hallway, sprinting across its arched roof before making a spectacular leap onto a wall. From the wall, she jumped down to the ground.
She straightened and walked towards a young man within a garden enclosure. He was sitting on a few steps in the grass. When he saw her, he was visibly shocked. “Rylo!”
“Hallain, brother.” She swept down and sat beside him.
Hastily, he tucked a parchment down his shirt. He wore a cloak with a hood that shaded his eyes. He pushed the hood back, exposing silver-white hair, short and tousled. His skin was a pallor like Satinah’s and his eyes a dark blue. He had his older sister’s beauty in a masculine form, but his features held a kindness around the eyes, gentle in the moonlight. “You’re back! Are you going to be here long?”
“Not really,” Audrey replied. Her fingers played with a slender braid in her hair, intricately twined; she wore her white beaded necklace twisted into her braid. She looked at the garden, the silhouettes of trees standing out in shafts of starlight. Silver flowers bloomed in the shadows, and above, dark birds flew towards the stars.
Audrey’s eyes were on the birds as she said, “Still in touch with the enemy, brother?”
“They are not the enemy. We are invading their land.”
“Hallain, you’re young –”
“When you go off to war, Rylo, you help to destroy a nation.”
I thought I saw Audrey’s eyes fill with anger, and then it was gone. Her face was impassive when she replied, “We need to feed our own people.”
In the silence, there was something in their features that pained me to look at. It was Hallain who whispered, “You know nothing of Moreina.”
“And you know nothing of war, little brother.”
Hallain made no reply. Behind him, the steps rose into a walkway. A shallow stream ran across it, trickling down the steps. His fingers trailed unconsciously in the waters. At last, he said, “No matter how many Sallahri starve, Alhallra will still stand. But Moreina will become nothing.”
“Send you to Moreina to study and this is what happens.”
“Sister, all the world would lose should Moreina die.”
“I risk my life in war and my own brother does not support me.”
“I support you, sister. Just not your cause.”
“Such a romantic, brother. You should be a bard.”
“Rylo, you don’t understand. You’ve only seen Moreina in the sickness of war. You’ve never seen the richness of its cities, tasted the bounty of its food. To be in the beauty of Moreina would turn even the coldest heart to warmth.”
“You speak of Moreina’s beauty as though she were a woman. I think my brother needs a girlfriend.”
Hallain’s face fell almost comically. “You mock me too severely.”
Audrey indulged in a laugh. “Hallain, I didn’t come here to speak of politics.” She glanced over Hallain’s cloak. “Where are you going?”
Hallain shifted. “To Jesath’s. I’ve taken an interest in his keys. I’ve arranged for him to show them to me tonight.”
“Philosophy!” Audrey exclaimed. “Since when has my brother been a philosopher?”
Hallain turned away. “For a while.” There was a hint of emotion that strangled his speech. He stopped to hold it back.
“Hallain,” her voice was a dangerous sound.
“Don’t ask. For too long I have been at odds with my family. I don’t want us to fight now, Rylo.”
“Tell me. You’ve always told me everything, Hallain.”
“These aren’t the simple troubles of childhood anymore.” Regret lingered in his words. He reached into his cloak and took out a tiny reed, blowing into it and making it whistle. His hair fell over his eyes in an amiable manner, but he seemed sad, saying, “I’m glad you’ve come today. I had not expected to see you.”
When Audrey replied, it seemed of some other matter. “I hear it coming to your call.”
They studied each other in the pale light. The stream made the only sound before the bushes stirred and Hallain rose to his feet.
A great bird with magnificent plumage stepped from the foliage into the moonlight. Its slender neck was curved. Like a peacock, it was brightly plumed, lavish feathers adorning its head in a crown. A shorter plumage covered its long legs, feathering over the claws of its feet. Its emerald eyes gazed down at Hallain as though he were a lesser being. Seeing the creature, I knew what it was. It was the Kyrion emblem I had seen woven into Audrey’s mail and engraved in the sheath of her sword. It was an eira.
Hallain took the eira’s reins and hoisted himself onto the creature, pulling his hood over his white hair. From beneath his hood, he looked at his sister sitting on the steps. “So good to see you tonight,” he said. “Goodbye.” He placed the reed between his lips. There was a pause. Then he turned the eira around. His whistle called out and the eira broke into a swift pace, running into the darkness.




Chapter 12


Audrey watched as her brother disappeared into the garden foliage. The eira’s tail had only slipped from view when Audrey’s expression widened into shocked realization. She leapt to her feet, sprinting up the walkway, her leather boots splashing into the stream. She rounded a corner into the trees, pushing brambles aside with her arms.
Finally, she arrived at the edge of a cliff. The sound of the waterfall was deafening. It was right above us, falling over the mountain rocks, spilling onto the castle towers below. At Audrey’s feet, a gorge split the land in a black gash. The falls fell through the shadows of the gorge. A thin silver bridge wove like a thread over the chasm.
Audrey raced over the bridge, the waterfall descending around us, drenching us with its mist. Behind the falls, we entered a cave where lights appeared, forming arches above. They were the same as the white flame that Satinah had held. They floated in curves, illuminating the dark of the passageway. At the end, the passage opened into a tremendous cavern, rising until it disappeared into nothing. Its hollow was filled with hundreds of tiny floating candlelights. Among the flames, knights marched in grey uniforms, their faces flickering in the fires. Just beyond them was a temple engraved into the cave walls.
Audrey burst into the temple, throwing the doors open with an intensity that echoed against the sacred walls. When the echo faded, not a sound touched the silence. The only item inside was a pedestal in the center, illuminated by a pallid column of light from the high ceiling. Hovering over the pedestal was the old man’s staff, rising into the light, unchanged since the first time I had seen it in his knotted hand.
Slowly, Audrey crept towards it, her eyes fastened on it, the pale beam lighting her tilted face into a whiteness. It wasn’t until she stood directly before the pedestal that I noticed what she was looking at. Swirling around the staff were two of the colored pearls; the Green and the Blue Stones wove in a pattern continually around the length of the staff.
Audrey’s eyes were large, her face lengthened with her gaping jaw. I knew what she was looking for. The White Stone for strength in battle – was missing.
“Guards!” The word shattered the silence and I thought her voice would break the walls with its force.
She ran out the temple doors, grabbing a knight by his cloak. His hood flew off. His silver rod flailed limply in his grasp as he gaped at Audrey.
“Who was the last man you let inside this temple?”
“Only your brother. I swear it.”
Audrey cursed loudly, the word resounding off the cave rocks. “Tell my sister to get riders to the southern Vallian. Catch Hallain! He’s taken the White Stone. Hurry! Hurry!” The knights dispersed upon her orders, scattering the flames with their movement, their running steps sounding in the hollow.
Audrey sprinted down the passageway, a loud whistle screaming from her lips. In the far distance, a creature echoed her call. She whistled again as she ran outside over the bridge, the ropes swinging dangerously, shaking through the falling waters. The creature’s scream split the air again, this time louder and nearer, slicing through the thunder of the water.
Audrey leapt from the bridge. Her white creature burst through the falls, water spraying from its wings as it flew towards us. It dove beneath us in an arc and we landed on its back.
I rode with Audrey on her beast through the night sky, her hair whipping out behind her. I could feel the weight of my own body against the creature’s flesh, the movement of its muscles beneath me. The wind swept through me in a fluid motion, cold and transparent.
Beyond the creature’s wings, the city lights were falling away, smaller and smaller across dark stretches of land. The stars grew larger as we neared the skies, the silver light of night strengthening in the heavens. We rose through a cloud and the moon emerged full and round before us. Soon, all that lay below was a plain of long clouds.
The moonlight fell across the creature’s wing, lighting the skin to a glow. In places where the wing was thin, nearly transparent, I discerned veins curving through the flesh. I raised my arms with my palms against the wind, and leaned back into the sky. The night swept over me, filling my vision with an expanse of stars. The skies coursed through me and I was a rush of air over a landscape of clouds. Mountains of mist rose and fell around us before we began to descend again. The stars of the night, which I felt I could almost touch, shrank into the sky above. A dark earth opened below. A line of trees appeared, breaking through the dirt with their jagged limbs.
Audrey gave a cry and the beast’s wings collapsed to its sides. The creature dove as the land flew towards us, the boughs reaching up like arms to grab us. Audrey pressed against the creature, her whole body tense. The beast’s long neck seemed stretched to its limit, like an arrow aimed for the earth. Audrey whistled, the beast’s wings opened in a gust and we soared over the ground.
Not too far away, Hallain was riding on his eira. Briefly, he looked up at us. He bent over his ride, blew a shrill whistle from his reed, and the eira raced faster across the edge of the forest.
“Brother! Stop!” But if he heard, he gave no indication. His ride sped over the grass. Audrey circled above him. When she dove again, she gave a piercing cry; in a horrific sight, her beast hurled a black ball of flame from its mouth with a bellow – its silver eyes filling with a black shine, its face creased into a fury, its beauty contorted with violence.
The fire crashed into the soil in front of Hallain, exploding the earth into the air; a line of smoke twisted from the ground with a singeing hiss. The eira stopped, letting out a scream. Ashes rained over Hallain.
Audrey landed, jumping from her beast onto him, throwing him to the ground. “Hallain, give it to me!”
His hood was thrown back, his white hair tangled with sweat, his pale face drenched with shock. He looked up at her, “It’s gone.”
Audrey stepped back, stunned. “What are you talking about?”
“Sister, I told you.”
Audrey stared at him, her silver eyes bright with a terror. “Jesath’s? The gate keys?” Her voice cut off.
“You know I would not lie to you, sister.”
“By the sympathy of Hal,” she whispered. “What gate did you open? Where did you throw the Stone?”
“Our world does not need it.”
“Where did you throw the Stone!” She was terrifying as she advanced on her brother.
He wriggled away from her on the grass. “I opened the gate nearest here. I gave the Stone to a beggar. A beggar in America.”
She stopped, frozen in mid-motion. For a moment, I thought she would leap on him and beat him into the dirt. But her features eased. “By the Angels,” she said. In the strained silence, Hallain gazed up at his sister with fear. Her eyes seemed to focus on him from a far distance. “Where are you going?” she asked.
“To Moreina.”
Her lips bent into an ugly frown before she laughed a single mocking laugh. “To Moreina!”
“Rylo, I can’t go back to the Krystalline Castle. Not after what I’ve done. You know Satine’s fury. I cannot brave her punishment.”
“Father –”
“I cannot count on Father’s mercy. You know he’ll bend to Satine’s wishes. And I cannot face his anger any more than Satine’s.”
Audrey pressed her frown deeper into the corners of her face. “You think your life will be spared in Moreina.” She laughed again, hollow and derisive.
He reached down the front of his cloak and pulled out a piece of parchment. He thrust it towards her. “You know I’ve been writing to Tekran. He’ll take me in. He’ll house me as a son. See his words for yourself.”
Audrey pressed her eyes shut as though the sight of him pained her. “The Emperor of Moreina will say anything to capture the prince of Alhallra.”
“I’ve lived with him as a boy. I’ve studied with him. I know his niece, his family. You don’t know the man, Rylo.”
“How you are still a boy. He could torture you. Demand of us anything. He could kill you. Are you a fool, brother?”
“I know Tekran. He is an old man like Father. He just wants his people fed.” Tears rimmed his eyes as though to plead his case.
“Oh, you are young and innocent.”
“I’m safer with him, Rylo. He would be grateful for what I’ve done. Father and Satine,” his breath quivered, “would punish me.”
For a while, Audrey didn’t speak. And then, “I’m sorry,” she said softly. “I cannot let you go.”
“Please!”
“You might die there.” She swallowed hard, her face disfigured with emotion. “Though you’ll be punished here, at least you will not die.”
A sound rose in his throat, choking. “Rylo!” But then he lay quiet in the grass.
In the distance, whistling calls punctuated the silence.
“He’s here!” Audrey cried. She whistled a command to her beast. The creature bent back its head and spewed a ball of flame into the night sky. The fire exploded with a thunder in the high air, raining in ashes singed with red flames. Far in the dark, voices shouted in reply. The embers descended over the earth and curls of smoke wove from the beast’s mouth through the falling ashes.
The voices grew louder. Soon, knights appeared. Hallain gave a last plea from the grass, “Sister.” The word was sick with anguish. But she let them take him away.




Chapter 13


The next morning, Audrey rode away after a late breakfast.
Her beast had flown her back to her room the night before. She’d pulled the curtains all the way around so the circle of windows was completely covered. She fell asleep behind the bed drapes. A cold tray of dinner sat untouched on a stand beside her.
The white fire still burned from its hollow in the floor. Her beast curled itself by the warmth and dozed like a common house dog. With a yawn, I lay down beside the animal, covering myself with its wing like a blanket. I could feel the rhythm of its slumbering breaths heaving from its belly and the smoothness of its skin against my face. Between the arches of the ceiling, the night stars shone through curves of glass.
Morning seemed to come too quickly. After meeting with the councilors, Audrey retired to an oval hall that she called ‘the breakfast room’. Outside, a waterfall fell clear over the room’s glass panes, washing them in a watery veil. At the center was a table; otherwise, the room was bare in the light that seeped through the glass walls.
Audrey sat with Cerhared and Satinah. A custard with a golden crust was soon set before each of them, placed alongside a drink topped with red cherries. The meal was eaten in silence.
Afterwards, Audrey opened a window, calling to her beast. Audrey bid her family farewell before she leapt from the balcony and rode away on the white wings of her creature.
Cerhared and Satinah stood at the glass, watching her fade into the distance.
“She looks more like your mother each time I see her,” Cerhared remarked. He sighed and closed the glass. “But as much as I miss your mother, I know she is lucky not to have seen such times.” He paused, his hand still on the glass. “How is Hallain?”
“He is well,” Satinah replied.
“You don’t think that the punishment will be –” Cerhared turned so the length of his hair fell across his face and I could not see his expression.
“Too harsh?” Satinah finished for him. “We cannot be more lenient.”
“I know.”
“The people will cry injustice. And is it not so? Were he a commoner, he would already be dead for treason.”
“I know.”
“Let him have the public punishment and then be confined. He will be alright, Father.” Although Cerhared said nothing, Satinah seemed to speak in response, “He must be confined. It would be dangerous to free him. And no, he cannot be forgiven. There is enough favoritism. His offences are serious – thievery, sacrilege, treachery. We cannot tolerate such things, not even from a prince.”
The king moved to his seat at the table. “I know. But Hallain, he is young. He has never known the touch of pain. He may not know how to bear it.”
“All who feel pain learn how to bear it. And he will not feel that pain forever.”
“He will carry the pain of its memory forever.” His face twisted into a frown. He cursed beneath his breath and dropped his utensil with a clatter onto the plate. The sound reverberated against the glass walls.
Satinah was looking over her shoulder. I followed her gaze past the waters of the window, to a line of hooded figures below. They wove across the castle grounds, curving along the pale earth, like ants on white sand.
“Pilgrims,” Satinah remarked.
“Coming to pay homage to the Stones,” Cerhared said. “And there they go to spread word of the missing Stone. Every day for all my years I’ve seen countless pilgrims journey here. But never have they looked more foreboding. Perhaps, we should have closed the Stone Room.”
“Father, the Stone Room has never been closed to its pilgrims. It is better the people know the truth than rumors spread wild.”
I thought he would simply say ‘I know’ again, but he leaned forward as though with a great weight. His words were soft, “Satinah, I’ve made a decision from which even you cannot bend my will. It is something that I’ve been thinking for a while, and recent events have convinced me that I should. I will go to war with my people.”
The morning light bled through the waters of the window and lined Satinah’s features with ripples of shadow. She stared at the hooded pilgrims far below. Through the falling waters, the figures were cast into wavering images, as though seen through the blur of tears.
“Without the Stone, the knights will be disheartened,” Cerhared continued. “If a king rides to war with his people, you know the fortune it is said to bring.”
“That’s but a superstition.”
“The belief is more important than the truth. If they believe their strength is gone, how could they win a war? It is not what the knight wields in the hand, but what the knight feels in the heart, that determines the outcome of battle.”
Satinah’s reply was cold and even, like the blade of a knife, “Our culture writhes with foolish beliefs, the minds of our nation bathed in the folly of myth.”
“If not for these myths, what would our people believe? There is beauty in such beliefs that you have never appreciated, Satinah.”
“If you go, you only endanger your life.”
“Ryloha goes every day.”
“She is a kyrie, Father.”
“Kyries too can die.”
“But not as easily.”
Cerhared’s expression was patient as he looked on her. “A king’s place is where his people need him.”
“And what of where his daughter needs him?”
“Satinah, all three of you are grown, and you most of all. You do not need an old man like me anymore.”
In the quiet, Satinah folded over, her face in her hand, bowing like a winter branch beneath the weight of snow. Tears fell from her lashes, running in a path down her pallid cheek.
The breakfast room began to change. The curved wall of glass dissolved into trees laden with pink blossoms. The marble of the floor crumbled into an earth of flowers. And the arched ceiling broke into an open sky. The castle gardens unfolded around me. White spires rose in the distance beyond the leaves. Birds turned through the clouds of a nascent morning. The warmth of summer was gone, and the air was fresh with the winds of spring.
Satinah stood amidst the florals of the garden, her slender figure straight and tall, robed in a dress of white, a pristine figure of winter in a garden of spring. Her features were impassive, cold and austere, but her cheeks were stained with the clear polish of tears. I would have thought she’d just finished weeping in the breakfast room, had her surroundings not changed through the length of nearly a year.
Behind her was an assembly of men and women cloaked in white. Their covered heads were bowed and their hands folded before them. A choir stood veiled in pallor; from them lifted a clear song, sad and pristine. Satinah stood before them all. On the lengths of her hair was the white crown of the king.
In the center of the garden was the body of Cerhared, laid high on a marble platform. Satinah was the only one whose face tilted to look on it. A breeze ran over the mourners and released a rain of tree blossoms from the boughs. The flowers descended over Cerhared, falling to the garden ground and pooling in petals of violet and cerise.
A priest stood chanting beside Satinah, his voice low against the high clarity of the choir, “Hal made a great temple from His place of exile, that the souls of the brave may rest with Him and never perish, that they may dwell in peace in His hallowed halls from forever to forever to forever to forever…” Satinah walked forward in the fading sounds of the word. She raised her arm and a white flame leapt from the palm of her hand. The flame grew vibrant, round in a sphere of pale fire. She ascended the steps of the platform, the fire held before her. The entire assembly began to chant softly, “From forever to forever to forever to forever. Blessed be the Angel Hal, blessed be His gift to man, blessed are the souls who rest with Him, blessed from forever to forever to forever to forever.”
When Satinah stood beside her father, she whispered a prayer, moving the flame over his body. As dust through a sieve, the fire scattered through her fingers, alighting across Cerhared’s body in embers, shining as stars upon him. The embers grew, until the entire platform was enveloped in billows of flame.
The choir’s song rose in a crescendo. All tilted their faces to look at the smoke rising into the hues of morning. It was Satinah whose figure was bowed now, the great light from the flames illuminating her into an unearthly glow. Below, I saw Audrey’s upturned face, stoic beneath the white rim of her hood. I scanned the faces for Hallain, but I did not see him.
The fires began to die. Petals blown by the wind alighted on the embers and melted into the heat, disintegrating in colors of rose. When the last of the flames had gone, the smoke parted to reveal only the bare marble beneath. Satinah stood, a lone figure on the steps, her dress flowing in the wind.
The choir’s song ended. All bent into the silence, their white hoods shielding their faces once more. The priest moved away across the gardens, the figures in white following him in a single line, the assembly unraveling like a thread. The veiled choir followed at the end. I felt myself drawn away with the departing assembly. When I turned, I saw Satinah alone, standing before an empty pyre.




Chapter 14


Audrey spent the rest of the day in her chamber being fitted for an elaborate gown. Her maids swam around her in short silver dresses, pinning and measuring her. Meals were brought to her between bouts of tailoring.
Later that evening, Audrey wore a dark blue dress, perfectly fitted, to a ball that her ladies called the ‘after-coronation’ at the Great Hall. I followed Audrey as she ascended a flight of stairs, the steps wide and pillared, with views over the sterling city.
At the pinnacle of the stairs, elliptical doors were guarded by knights; they swung the tall doors open, revealing the largest hall I’d ever seen. The ceiling rose to an immense height, patterned into the shape of a crescent moon; beyond the ceiling glass, the stars lighted the night sky. Oval windows lined the walls, the glass stained with white murals. Between them, long Angel tapestries hung over the hall, and in a ring above the windows, spheres of light hovered in the air, like a crown over the room. Just below this ring of light, Satinah sat on a throne near the ceiling, canopied in drapes of silver; her translucent cloak fell across the sides of the throne, suspended over the heads of those below her. She seemed a goddess above mortals.
A waterfall poured from the ceiling, long and slender behind the tower of the throne. It spilled onto the glass floor and ran in streams between the pillars. Upon the water, small boats glided carrying a variety of foods. The floor of the hall was completely clear and I could see down to the lights of the castle towers below.
When Audrey entered, the whole room paused to look at her. A young man bearing the Kyrion crest on his attire came forward to escort her in. He brought her across the steps over a stream. She crossed the steps quickly, picking up the hem of her gown to keep it dry. In her hair was the silver crown that Satinah had previously worn, and around her neck, Audrey wore her necklace of white beads.
Audrey made a courteous bow with her dress, then the dancing continued again. She took the hand of the knight and bowed again, low into the folds of her dress. Together, they swirled across the floor, above the lights of the castle spires far below.
When they stopped dancing, Audrey’s escort picked up a drink for her from a boat on the streams. He opened a windowpane and they stepped outside onto the balcony. I watched for a while, as they stood before an expanse of stars. The night lingered on and the crowds only grew thicker. Along the ceiling arches, a small choir of youths sang clearly, high above the hall, blended into the architecture.
The entrance was now left perpetually open for people to come and go as they pleased. It wasn’t until I felt myself being pulled past these doors, and saw Audrey disappearing around a bend in the stairs, that I realized she had left.
I followed her through the twists and turns of the castle. In the distance, Audrey’s beast was flying through the spires below us, accompanied by a few of its kind. The winged beasts passed across the castle towers, the lights flickering behind them.
We travelled down through the castle until nearly all the spires were above us. Finally, we descended stairs winding below the castle into the earth, leading to a series of white passageways. At the end of a hallway, a knight stood in front of a door. He nodded to Audrey as she approached and opened the door to let her through.
Inside was a tiny room, arching to form a dome just above the head. Near the top of the chamber was a slight window; starlight could be seen beyond. Seeing the stars, I figured we were in the earth at the side of the mountains. Around me, the room was bare except for a layer of blankets on the floor. And on the blankets sat Hallain.
He held a single flame on his palm. I was stunned to see how he had thinned, his features nearly skeletal. The light he held cast shadows into the hollows of his cheeks.
“Sister, I doubted you would come.” His voice shook.
Audrey made sure the door was closed behind her. She knelt on the blankets, her dress spilling out in blue folds over the floor. “Of course I came,” she said, and smiled, but her smile was sad.
“Do you think Satine will know?”
“Yes,” and she smiled that same smile again.
Hallain stared into the flame. He seemed to struggle though his features were still. “Then you should not help me. Who knows how Satine will punish you.”
“What will you have me do?” Audrey smiled once more, and this time her smile held more warmth. “You cannot spend the rest of your life here. Already a year has passed in which you have seen no daylight but what falls through that slit. Will you spend your whole life this way?”
“Will you?”
“I brought you here,” she whispered. She looked down at the folds of her dress splashed with white candlelight. “I should have let you go.”
“You did not know Satine would extend my punishment this way.” Hallain drew breath, “Sister, you must come with me.”
“Brother, how can I go into the land of the enemy when I’ve spent the past years killing their kind?”
“I’m going,” he said.
“And if they kill you –”
“Death is preferable to a life in here. If I go to Moreina, at least I will have a chance to live. Here, it is certain I will have no life.”
“If you live, you must promise to write me, that I can still speak to my little brother.”
“And if Satine tries to take away your life, you must flee. It will be my turn to protect you.”
“My brother,” Audrey laughed, “you’re full of your own ideas now, your own ambitions. Since when did you stop agreeing with everything I said?” Her smile turned sad as she seemed to look on a sight distanced by time. She stood. “We should hurry, before Satine notices I’ve been gone for too long.”
She stepped to the slit of a window. Grabbing the ledge, she pushed it and the wall crumbled into the night, as easily as if it’d been made of sand. A fissure gaped wide. Audrey shoved away a few more bricks until the city could be seen plainly beyond. She took a reed from a pocket in her dress, giving it to Hallain. He blew into it, the sound drifting out into the sky.
“Be safe, brother,” she said.
“I think you have more to fear from Satine,” he half-joked.
“I have yet to imagine a prison that can hold me.”
“Satine may have a better imagination.”
Audrey sighed, taking the flame from his hand. “Go and flee to the enemy. I fight a losing war because my brother chose to aid the other side.”
“Ah, Rylo. What a time to make such an accusation. We have our differences over the war, but we cannot let that separate us.”
“Separate us? You are leaving forever and you do not want to separate us.”
“Don’t be angry. I’ve already lost the sympathies of one sister.”
“You will not lose mine.” When Hallain didn’t move, she gave him a slight push. “You should go. Perhaps, I’ll come see you when the war is done.”
“You will always have a refuge in Moreina with me.”
“If they let you live.”
“Don’t worry, sister.” He gave a weak smile. “Goodbye.” He leapt through the opening, down into the night. Audrey watched as he rose on his eira, the bird carrying him away. He rode across the sky, past the tapering star above the city. His figure grew smaller, and soon, he was no longer visible against the span of stars.
Audrey lingered. At last, she blew out the flame. Opening the door, she stepped through, smiling at the guard who bowed to her.
She walked briskly. Turning a corner, she stopped. In front of her, framed by the arch of the hallway, was Satinah.




Chapter 15


Satinah stood calmly in the white flames of the hall. “I wondered where my sister had disappeared off to,” she said simply. When Audrey didn’t reply, Satinah continued, “Since you’ve been tirelessly trying to persuade me to release Hallain these past few days, I wondered if, perhaps, you had taken it upon yourself to deliver your brother. Who would notice with everyone’s thoughts on the after-coronation?”
“Our brother, Satine. You forget –”
“I forget nothing! It is you who forget. You who’ve forgotten how Hallain betrayed our land, our home, us. Because of Hallain, our people die, and we fight a losing war. Because of what he did, our father died. Because of Hallain, we are orphaned, alone. Can you not remember, Ryloha?”
“You cannot blame him for Father’s death.”
“Father went into war because the Stone was gone. And the Stone was gone because of Hallain. I can see no better reason for blame.”
“Satine, our brother –”
“Brothers are those who support us. Not those who assist our enemies. Brothers do not drive our father to his death then flee to the land of those who killed him. No. He is not my brother. Your heart is still weak for a little brother who exists no longer.”
“Think as you will, Satine. But if you have come to keep Hallain, then you are already too late.”
Satinah smiled. “Eira can run faster than they can fly. So Hallain must be on the shortest route to Moreina. Even considering his head start, do you think your brother can ride his eira faster than my knights can catch him?”
Audrey’s eyes widened. She sprinted down the corridor towards Hallain’s cell. Satinah’s voice called clearly and her knights rounded the corner at her command, racing after Audrey.
I was right with Audrey, the knights so close I could feel the huff of their breaths. Audrey sped ahead. I felt my body pierced from behind. Spikes flew through me. “Watch out!” I cried. Before I heard my own cry, she turned. The spikes shattered against her kyrion shield, sending sparks shooting across it. Her blade was out, long and pale beside the dark fabric of her dress.
The hall was so narrow the knights could only run towards her two at a time. The one at her right reached her first, his blade crashing against her shield. She crouched low, holding her shield above her. He struck at her again, pressing his weight down. In a single motion, she lifted him over and he fell, hard to the ground, as she slashed the legs of the next man, stabbing his shoulder as she rose. He was flung to the side, screaming as he sank to the floor. The next knight swung his sword, but Audrey pressed herself to the wall and his sword pierced into a knight beside him.
The remaining men ran forward. They nearly reached her when she expanded her shield so it struck them and they stumbled back. She raced down the hall to Hallain’s cell. She punched the bewildered guard outside before entering and closing the door behind her.
She had left me outside, looking at the blank face of the cell door.
The knights were soon at the entrance. But when the first one opened the door, there was a swift flash of light and he slumped to the ground. One by one, the knights were felled as they attempted to enter. Finally, the last knight ran in with his sword at the ready. For a moment, he stood confused in an empty cell. He saw the damage to the far wall and I could almost read his thoughts, wondering if Audrey had leapt out. Cautiously, he crept towards the fissure, but then I saw her crouched over him right above the door frame. Her sword flashed and he collapsed, writhing, before he passed out and lay still, his forehead dotted with sweat.
Audrey leapt down from the door, her dress rustling. She whistled loud and clear. In the night beyond, I heard her creature answer her cry.
She looked out of the doorway and saw Satinah standing alone at the far end of the corridor. Though I stood behind her, I could feel Audrey grinning. “Only a few knights?” Audrey shouted. “I thought you were known for your intelligence!”
Satinah was still, at the corner where the hallway turned. Before her, her knights lay wounded and unconscious. She said nothing, her face as smooth as the walls around her. Her translucent cloak pooled in silk folds at her feet. Nothing moved. Then Audrey tensed visibly.
Slowly, I heard the growing sound of marching footsteps. What seemed an army of kyrion knights rounded the corner behind Satinah, the crest of the eira flaming on their chests. The kyrion charged past Satinah towards Audrey.
Audrey slammed the cell door shut, whistling loudly. She ran towards the broken wall, leaping out in a fluid motion.
I was pulled after her as we plummeted towards the city, the lights flying towards us in a terrific array. The landscape rose up, beautiful and horrifying. I cried out, but I knew the night was silent and Audrey was quiet in a long fall beside me.
As we fell towards the city, streets emerged through the dark and I could discern the silhouettes of pedestrians. The arches of bridges appeared, clear over flowing rivers, the white city lights sparkling on the waters. Boats floated across the rivers with crescent sails. The city details rushed into view. I thought we would crash, smash into the river and drown with the force of our fall.
Then the beast came, skimming along the surface, and we landed on its back. It glided, its wings stretched just above the water. Gradually, my fear dissolved into a surrender as the terror of the fall drained into peace. On the shores, a man with his child pointed at us, as one might point out deer along a highway.
The beast lifted into the air, the tips of its wings brushing the river. I looked down. The city was falling away. On the riverbanks, the child waved us goodbye. Across the waters, the boats’ sails drifted like crescent moons over the starlit reflections of city lights.
In the skies, we splashed through clouds so thick with moisture I could feel their humidity against my skin. We flew for a time before the moon began to grow smaller and the thickness of the clouds rose above us. The land opened below, broken with ragged trees.
Almost as before, Hallain was riding on his eira, sprinting across the grounds. But now he was flanked by knights on their own dark eira, hemming him in.
When they saw us, some knights reined their rides hard to a halt, the birds breathing black flames from their beaks. The knights launched a volley of spikes that hissed through the night, burning the fabric of the air.
The spikes splintered against the kyrion shield. Audrey had expanded her shield to envelope the entire creature, and the spikes broke against it, shattering in black flames.
Audrey gave a cry; almost simultaneously, as though expecting Audrey’s command, her creature hurled a ball of fire onto the knights below. The knights yelled and scattered. The flame burst like a bomb in their midst. I heard horrible screams as the beast spewed another sphere of fire. Knights raced away on their eira. Others hid behind their shields and the fire broke against them, dissipating into embers and smoke.
Beside me, more spikes smashed against the white arcs of the shield. Beyond the dissolving curls of fire, I saw the small figure of Hallain fleeing across the grounds. Audrey turned her beast towards him, flying so low that I could smell the stench of blood and singed earth.
In moments, we swept across Hallain on his eira, pursued by the black knights. The knights raised their heads, their faces clear right below us. The nearest shot a spike directly at Audrey. She sliced it in half with her blade; the spike broke, crackling with fire. She jumped from her beast onto the knight and threw him to the ground, taking his seat on his eira.
Another knight rode up next to Audrey, drawing his sword in a terrible flame. The sword crashed against her shield, fire curling over the shield’s arc. At Audrey’s other side, a knight whistled on his reed and his eira shot a jet of black flame at her. She opened her shield so the fire flared over it, nearly singeing the top of her head. Swinging her sword, she sliced the man across his side. He screamed, reining his bird to a halt. As we sprinted on, I looked back and saw the knight slump over his eira and fall to the ground.
Spikes continued to break against her shield, launched from the knights ahead.
Above, her beast was white in the dark. Audrey whistled and the beast fell back as a volley of spikes pierced the air where it had hovered a moment before. The creature called out, but at Audrey’s command it flew up and disappeared into the sky.
As Audrey’s eira ran on, she threw something into the distance. “Hallain!” she cried. She whistled. I saw the white shine of the beast’s wings.
In an instant, we were engulfed in black flames. The fires bent around us, curving across the kyrion shield. The entire shield was blazing in an overpowering radiance. Audrey reined in her eira, the bird’s eyes rolling in terror.
I heard screaming beyond the flames. The fires dissolved into embers. Through the dispelling flames, the remaining knights were scattering. Some had fallen and lay motionless in the dirt. A short distance away, the white beast landed on the burnt earth. A few knights rode towards it, their arms out, shooting spikes. The creature blew another ball of flame that engulfed the spikes and sent the knights crouching behind their shields, the fire pushing them back.
Audrey dismounted and ran towards a cluster of knights; smoke rose from the scorched soil beneath her feet. The grasses still burned, fires curling from the land. The knights turned when they saw her. In a single motion, they pulled out their round shields. The shields collapsed into black sickles that they flung at Audrey, the blades spinning with the hiss of fire. The sickles sliced at her shield in vain, before ricocheting back to their owners.
The knights ran towards her. She swung her blade to meet the first knight. Hallain was on his knees in the grass, fallen from his eira. He stared, wide-eyed, his hands out. I wondered why he hadn’t mounted his eira and fled, and then I saw his palms were pressed flat against the air. He was inside the kyrion shield, trapped within its safety, looking as I must have looked when Audrey had saved my life in the parking lot. But Audrey clearly had her shield; it was blazing with silver arcs as the knights struck it. She must have had two and she had thrown the other shield over Hallain right before she commanded her beast to spew its fire.
Audrey started as if she heard a sound. Quickly, she expanded her shield so the knights were thrown back before she ran from them, sprinting towards her brother. Spikes flew after her, smashing against her shield as she ran. She dived at Hallain, reaching out to the shield that encased him.
“Rylo! You must come with me!” Then he screamed in horror.
I felt the heat of the spike flare through me before it tore into Audrey’s back. There was a searing pain in my own flesh, as if pierced with a hot iron, the torment of it consuming my body. I collapsed to my knees, fire ripping me inside, my vision blank with a white light. I thought I would black out. An instant brought the wish for oblivion to save me from the pain.
And then it was gone. I was standing over Audrey as she knelt on the ground, a black spike protruding from her, crippled by the pain I had felt.
“Rylo!” Hallain cried.
A sickle flew through the flames, rebounding off the kyrion shield just over Hallain’s head. She had enveloped them both in the shield again.
She gasped, and for the first time, I saw the silver arcs of the shield quiver, wavering like liquid as spikes shattered against it. A spike split through the shield, piercing the dirt right beside her. She drew breath and the silver arcs strengthened again. She whistled loudly.
“I’m going to take down the shield and let you out,” she whispered hoarsely.
“Rylo, you must come. You can’t stay here.”
“Listen to me.” It was a rasp that was frightening to hear. Not far away, her beast landed. “Take Ly. She flies fast. They can’t catch you on her. Do it! Now!”
“But she’s yours!”
Before her brother could speak further, the arcs of the shield disappeared. Supporting herself on one knee, Audrey expanded her shield in a concave curve behind her, sustaining it against an onslaught of spikes. “Go!” she cried.
With a single look back over his shoulder, Hallain ran across the grounds, heading for Audrey’s white beast. In moments, he had mounted Ly and flew off, disappearing into the dark sky.
Audrey’s silver eyes looked hollow, drained of their color. She stared vacantly, the arch of her shield curving over her body. Her face had a pallor that shone sickly in the bursts of light shooting across her shield. I touched her shoulder; even through the sleeve of her dress, she felt cold, like a slab of stone.
The constant volley of spikes ceased and three knights advanced, their boots sizzling as they ran across the scorched terrain. They bent over Audrey’s fallen form, their faces charred, and I wondered if these were the only knights left fit enough to walk. One knight knelt to have a better look at Audrey; she had closed her shield and was lying prone on the grass. The others scanned the sky, searching for signs of Hallain. But the sky was only stars and darkness. For the first time, I seemed to hear silence; it was cold and stellar, a sudden deafness.
In the distance came the sound of more knights approaching, and moments later, Satinah emerged, surrounded by kyrion. Satinah’s was the only eira with a white plumage. As she coaxed it forward, a slight wind stirred the argent sheet draped over the bird’s feathers. The cloth extended over its head in a pallor of silk, and through slits in the fabric, the creature’s pale eyes looked down regally at Audrey lying in the dirt.
When Satinah spoke, her voice was smooth and soft, like a night wind. Though her words were only a whisper, I shivered at their sound. “Sister, a knight’s vow is to the monarch.”
Audrey shifted, the spike protruding from her back. She attempted to lift herself and succeeded in propping herself onto an elbow. But her head remained lowered, as though the effort to raise it would be too much.
“I know you’re in pain,” Satinah said, in a way that should have been gentle, but became odd and cold. “But this isn’t the first time you’ve had to heal from such a wound.” She paused. “Your punishment is exile. Consider it a mercy that I spare your life.”
Audrey tilted her head back, revealing her face. The whiteness of her features was frightening, a blankness against the black of her hair. “Thank you for your mercy, sister,” she managed. A chill seemed to spread from the words, embittering the night.
Satinah drew a silver ring from her finger and held it up for Audrey to see. “You know what this is.” Satinah regarded the ring, reading the intricacies carved across it, “Gate of the Dark Plains.” She turned back to Audrey. “Do you know how many knights I’ve had to send through this gate because of Hallain? How many knights I’ve wasted looking for the Stone when they could have been on the war front? Because Hallain stole this key from Jesath –” She stopped and composed herself. “It’s fitting that we’re here, sister,” she said quietly, “because of what Hallain did here. And because you aided Hallain tonight, you must go through this gate and search for the Stone, and not return until you find it.”
Satinah released her hold on the ring. It hovered in the moonlit air, small and delicate, suspended on nothing. It revolved slowly. Then it shot away from us, and where it disappeared at a short distance, a silver oval expanded across the grass, filled with metallic winds.
All eyes dwelled on it save for Audrey’s, who remained motionless. “There’s the gate,” Satinah said. She pulled on her eira’s reins. “Bring her!” she cried to her knights. She put a reed to her lips; with a clear whistle, she rode towards the gate in the grass.
Audrey made an agonizing sound when the knights lifted her. They rolled her onto her back in their arms, and I saw the spike had pierced through her, the tip of it protruding from beneath her ribs. Curls of smoke rose from her wound; the stench of burnt flesh sent a sick feeling through me. Audrey gave no resistance as they carried her, but lay as though she were dead.
The gate stretched through the grass, the size of a doorway, the metallic winds swirling within it. I should have felt the stir of its wind, but the air was strangely still around us.
At a nod from their queen, the knights brought Audrey to the edge of the gate. With an unceremonious heave, they tossed her into its silver winds.




Chapter 16


The winds blew like thunder and I was torn into the violent air. I opened my mouth to scream but it was ripped from my throat. Cold blazed through me, biting.
Then everything was still.
I fell hard onto solid ground. I gasped in my breaths, inhaling a clean air I felt I’d never breathed before. Though a chill wind blew, the biting ice was gone. Gradually, the darkness solidified into the shapes of trees and brush.
Slowly, I noticed the grating sound of breathing was not my own but came from beside me. Looking over, I saw Audrey propped on her hands, the spike wet with her blood.
She threw herself onto her knees, her face tilted to the branches above. She clutched the spike and pulled it from her body with a cry. She hurled the spike against a tree where it shattered into ash, leaving the air tinged with the scent of fire. She collapsed onto her hands again and was still, the only motion being the heave of her loud breaths.
The tree beside Audrey was familiar. And then it struck me like a fist thrown into the mouth.
Turning around, the building was there, clear in the dark, simple and pleasant. I stared at it, unbelieving. A joy choked my throat as I realized where I was. It was the Berkeley music building. I was home. Above me, the Campanile tolled with a fresh sweetness.
Audrey stirred and the dim light shone on her wound. The fabric of her dress was torn into a singed circle. The flesh itself was charred black, no different than coal, ringed with a line of crimson blood.
She leaned against the tree. Though she was motionless for a time, she seemed to struggle. Unsteadily, she rose to her feet, a hand clutched at her ribs. She staggered forward with lame steps, stumbling past a lamp that lit her into a temporary brightness. Her dress was torn and burnt beyond recognition. Her slippers, once soft and satin, were thick with dirt, ripped so the soiled flesh of her feet could be seen. Her crown was gone. I hadn’t even noticed when it had fallen off. I could only guess that it was lying somewhere back on the scorched grounds.
Looking at Audrey, I saw that the fair beauty she had in her world had vanished. The pallor of her skin had disappeared into the regular tones I was accustomed to. Her hair didn’t seem as sleek as it was, but ordinary, disheveled and crusted with earth. And her eyes were no longer filled with a silver luster, but were colored in with a darkness that matched her hair. Between her common features and her torn attire, she looked no different from a street beggar. Had I not known it was her, I could never have identified her as the princess at the coronation ball only earlier that same night.
She found her way into a strip of nearby trees. As she lay down, she heaved a final sigh beneath the shelter of the trees, a sigh that was half-pained and half-contented. Her rasping breaths stopped and she made no further movement, not even the rhythm of breathing.
Nothing stirred. Only shadows thrown by the moon came and lay themselves over her, covering her in a blanket of darkness. At times, I heard a night creature in the bushes, or the far voice of a pedestrian. When Audrey didn’t rise, I reached around her neck above her beaded necklace, searching for a pulse – but she didn’t feel like flesh, more like a statue.
Daylight came and went, reminding me of the old temple when it had crumbled to dust before my eyes. In the daytime, talk mixed with laughter beyond the trees, the sounds of students past the edge of the foliage. I could hear them clearly and discern the words of their conversations. For the first time since I had been thrown into Audrey’s world, I felt no awe for what was happening. I felt only homesickness, a desire to return to the world I’d left behind.
The wind had half-buried Audrey beneath a layer of dried leaves so she blended into the shrubbery. I wondered how much time had gone by since she first fell here. Most of all, I wondered how many days had passed since she had brought me into her strange world.
And then all was blackness.

• • •

To this day, I don’t know how long I lay there.
I heard her airy voice.
When I finally woke, I was fit enough to walk again. Though I felt weak, my wound had healed completely, the flesh whole and the pain gone. My limbs were cramped; it was a great effort to rise and brush the layers of dirt and leaves from me. From the trees, I staggered out into the brilliance of day; I was startled to see that my skin looked odd, different in the light of this new place. When I wandered onto the streets, I noticed that beggars were not unique to my world; here, they proliferated. I looked no different from the common beggar, and such I became. It was begging that got me through the first days.
I eventually found a shelter for beggars that took care of me for quite some time. Your language was easy enough to learn, and it wasn’t long before I knew it. Over time, I found myself a simple job and rented a cheap room in a house. Though first I found your world sick with a decaying ugliness, I grew to see its beauty and it became amazing to me. I’ve spent most of the past years looking for the White Stone, but so many stones here resemble it – pearls, you call them – that it became like looking for a grain of sand in a desert.
Always, I missed Alhallra and thought often of my city, Hallia, and of my castle and the room I grew up in. And of course, Hallain. I’d think back on my Alhallren life and yearn for it with a hollow longing, usually before sleep took me in the darkness, that time when one is most alone with one’s thoughts. In those times, I’d even miss Satine, though she had cast me out into a strange life. But I knew the difficult position my betrayal had put her in. She broke the law when she chose not to kill me for treason, for I aided a traitor, and so she put her reign on a difficult beginning with the councilors and the people.
Since then, however, she has done more than recover from the damage that her favoritism towards me had cost her. She made the decision to end the war and the last of the knights were withdrawn from Moreina. The original border between Alhallra and Moreina was re-established, as though the Dabian War had never occurred.
Perhaps to regain her repute, or perhaps to recover the people’s minds from the defeat of war, she did what no other monarch before her had done. She sent forth envoys to establish revolutionary routes of trade that increased our wealth. She commissioned the building of vast ships to explore the world beyond the Endless Seas. No one had ever known what exactly existed past those seas. My sister tells me they found a great country there, with immense trees beautiful beyond dreams. Such new ventures made the Alhallrans uneasy at first, but wealth quickly puts the heart at ease. For her treaties and explorations, my sister is now one of the most beloved monarchs to sit upon the throne.
As for Hallain, he had been right about Tekran. The Emperor took him and housed him in his palace, honored as the savior of Moreina. Without Hallain, most Moreinans believe they would have lost the war and have no country. Hallain tells me Tekran treats him as a son.
Though my brother and sister write to me, I have not seen them since the day I came to your world. My brother, too, has not seen Alhallra since he fled. He says he understands how I miss it. The last I remember of the Krystalline, it was splendid in the décor of the after-coronation. I wonder if either of us will ever see the lands of Alhallra again.

• • •

Her voice faded and she seemed gone into nothing. Gradually, as if waking from sleep, I felt myself rising out of the dark.
The objects in my room fluttered in a haze, mixing with the drowsy blur at the edge of wake and slumber. Through a daze, I saw my desk and dresser, and felt a piercing joy at their familiarity. Closing my eyes, I could feel myself in my bed, the mattress curving beneath the weight of my body. Everything made sense again. It had been a dream. But with the realization came disappointment; once I opened my eyes, my life would return to the drum of normality, to the simplicity of mundane routine, to the endless cycle of class and work and bureaucracy that I knew too well. All the wonders that I’d seen would disappear, fading with memory.
I opened my eyes. The reality of my flesh was plain, the solidity of it firm. My room was exactly as I remembered it. My laptop was in hibernation, the pictures that normally scrolled across the screensaver blank. My walls were decorated with my usual swimming posters.
Traffic was buzzing warmly outside my window. I threw back the drapes to see Telegraph Avenue spread below. The sidewalks were filled with students heavy with backpacks. Among the pedestrians were the common specks of homeless people freckling the crowds; one turned a corner. Briefly, I wondered if the vagrant was someone like Audrey from another world.
“Audrey?” I called aloud. But my room was empty. I sniffed my shirt and detected a damp smell. My clothes were crusty as though they’d been wet and hadn’t dried properly. I grabbed my cell phone, scrolling to the date and time. November 20th, 2:13pm. Not even a whole day had passed. If it had been a dream, it still lingered in my mind like the memory of something real. I was aware that I sympathized with Audrey and Hallain in their longing for Alhallra. I dwelled on that thought. Perhaps I missed an imaginary world.
My stomach growled. It was time to go downstairs to buy food.
As I walked out the door, I wondered about my clothes smelling like rain.




Chapter 17


That weekend passed simply enough. I spent most of it studying for an exam, with a few breaks where I lounged around with friends.
It was weird seeing Audrey in class later that week. She sat in her usual spot, taking down a note here and there. I stared at the back of her head all through class. I didn’t know what I expected from staring at her, but I went home that day with a blank notepad. Once, I leaned over and whispered her name, calling it louder and louder until it seemed everyone but her turned around and gave me looks. Several times, I thought to run after her when class was over. But what would I ask? “Excuse me, are you from another world?”
It was hard that first week to forget the dream. My dreams were usually so dull they could be confused with reality. My life ticked on over the next weeks and soon finals were looming ahead of me. In the rush of essays and tests, battling against the crush of paperwork, the dream faded into the background of my mind, forgotten amongst mundane chores.
After the last day of astronomy lecture, I watched as Audrey left, pushing through the crowds into the corridor. I could see her dark head bobbing away.
Before I knew it, I was chasing after her. “Audrey!” I said loudly. I wasn’t sure what I thought would happen. I only knew if I let her go, she would be lost to me forever. “Audrey!” I said again.
We were outside, students pouring into the bright air, filling the sidewalks. I smashed past their heavy backpacks, bearing the brunt of several annoyed looks as I ran. She was just ahead of me. “Ryloha!” I shouted the name before I even realized it. I stopped, looking at her back.
An eternity passed. Then she turned in the thick of the crowd and smiled wryly. She walked to me, stepping from my dreams and changing my reality.
“Kevin,” she said in that airy voice, “you look pale.”
I didn’t know what to say, so I said nothing.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
“I – I was about to get lunch before my next class,” I muttered. Something about the conversation was normal, and yet surreal at the same time.
“I can walk you,” she said.
I fell into step beside her as we headed towards Bancroft Way. “What happened to me?” I asked after a while.
“The touch didn’t take more than a few minutes, but it was a lot of information. Afterwards, you passed out.”
I pulled my coat around me in the face of a sudden breeze. I constantly questioned whether I was sane. I wondered if I was one of those homeless people wandering the streets, talking to myself when there was no Audrey speaking to me of things that were impossible.
“What are you thinking?” she asked. “You seem worried.”
I studied her in the Berkeley sunlight and she was frightening to me, a hallucination that was speaking to me. “It’s just – it’s a lot to take in,” I said.
She paused, the wind ruffling through the silence. “Kevin, why didn’t you go back? You had a chance to return to your normal life. You could have forgotten me as a dream. Why didn’t you?”
“I don’t know,” I said. We stopped outside of Caffe Strada. I could smell the warmth of its coffee. The coziness of the café beckoned and I wasn’t sure what to do. “Are you hungry?” I asked. I placed my hand on the café door.
“Sure.”
Lunch, with the princess of Alhallra. I laughed; the comfort of the ordinary with a spice of the extraordinary. “We should have lunch more often,” I said. I opened the door to let us through.

• • •

Finals came and went. Often I’d sit with Audrey at the café, sipping coffee in front of my laptop, surrounded by piles of paper. Around us, other students did the same. When we met up, we would discuss classes, finals, and studies. It was all so ordinary.
When Christmas neared, I knew Audrey had no home to go back to. So I invited her to Los Angeles with me. I was glad to have someone over for Christmas who wasn’t a tiring relative; it would be a refreshing change.
After finals, I drove her to Southern California, bugs splattering against my windshield on the 5 freeway. Audrey said the bugs were a shame. The first time she saw my car, she’d mouthed a ‘wow’. It was a silver BMW Z4 convertible.
“I got it for my birthday,” I said, patting it with love. “Easier for me to drive to LA more often. Don’t worry about the bugs. They come off in the car wash.”
As we drove down an endless strip of highway and sun, I told Audrey about Christmas with my family. For me, this time of the year always meant family upon family upon family upon family. Around Christmastime, we usually had extended family over with their extended family and their extended family. Thankfully, Christmas Day itself was just my sister and our parents spending the evening at the local church. But until then, at the big family dinners, there were inevitably more people than food, and no matter how quickly I grabbed the portions on the table, they always seemed to disappear from my hands, leaving me hungry afterwards. So when it came to the holidays, I’d developed a habit of eating dinner before going home and eating dinner.
“We’ll stop here and get dinner before, uh, before we arrive for dinner,” I said.
“What?” She was puzzled, a reaction that didn’t surprise me. “I thought we were eating at your house?”
“Yeah, but – you see… there’s a lot of competition to get to the food… and… unless you’re gonna bust out your sword and kill the competition, well… – it’s better to eat dinner before dinner, just to be sure.”
I drove down a street lined with palm trees and pulled into Downtown Disney. The place was swarming with people. Shoppers rushed through their last-minute shopping amongst a multitude of outdoor shops. Tourists on their Christmas vacation stampeded across the sidewalks. I thought I would starve to death searching for parking, but I was finally lucky enough to find a spot close to the stores.
We passed the Rainforest Café, an amusing theme restaurant with Mayan architecture and elaborate tropical foliage. Nearby, a mariachi band played to a crowd with cameras. As we walked past, a myriad of shops opened in front of us. “Where do you want to eat?” I asked.
“There’re so many choices,” she said.
“We could walk around, and if you see something you like, let me know. I’ve eaten at almost every restaurant there is in Southern California, so it doesn’t matter to me.”
“What’s good here?”
We strolled to the Disney Store with a jumble of Disney characters glaring at us through the windows. “I like the Rainforest Café back there.” I thought of the fake animals decorating the restaurant foliage. “It’s kinda for kids, but it’s still fun.”
She laughed. “Then we should eat there.”
We began to head back when she stopped.
Fear shot through me when I saw her rigid with attention. She was looking at a street lamp draped with thick potted plants. Perched on it was a plain black raven.
“What is it?” I asked nervously.
“It’s a messenger,” she said.
“A messenger?” But the bird looked normal. I wondered what was happening. The uncertainty, the oddity of it all, pressed against me – the excitement of it reached out to fulfill a longing. Yet there was also a part of me that just wanted to have dinner with a girl.
The raven flew down and perched beside Audrey. She unfolded its wing, and there beneath the feathers was a small roll of paper. She took it out, reading it in the light of the lamp. As she did, her expression transformed into one of agony.
“What?” I said softly, peering over her shoulder. But I couldn’t read the curling letters. I remembered the Alhallren language had been as plain as English to me in the touch. Now it was enigmatic and I couldn’t recognize a word.
Audrey gazed vacantly ahead of her.
“Is everything alright?” I asked.
“I can go home.”




Chapter 18


“That’s great,” I said, but sorrow crept into my voice. “Don’t you want to go home?”
A moment passed before she spoke. “I can go home because my sister’s dying. Satine’s summoned me back so I can take the crown when she dies.”
There was silence as I patted her shoulder to comfort her. She stared ahead, the letter in her hand.
“I want to go soon,” she said, “to see her.”
“I understand. I’ll drive you back –”
I was on the ground, the concrete hitting me hard. Audrey stood over me; she had thrown me to the pavement. The raven lay dead behind her, a black spike protruding from its feathers. Audrey pulled me to my feet.
“She’s here.”
“What? Who?”
“She’s part of the Arakni Klan – Moreinans.”
“The what?”
“The Arakni, they don’t want Alhallra to regain its battle strength. They were afraid I would find the White Stone, so they’ve been hunting me these past years.” As she spoke, she took off a golden ring from around the raven’s leg; I hadn’t even noticed it.
“So you’ve been dodging assassins. What else don’t I know? Where is she now?” I looked around but saw only pedestrians.
Audrey tossed the ring into the air and caught it when it came down. “There’s no gate here.” She put the ring on her finger, grabbed my wrist, and dragged me through the crowds at a pace I could scarcely keep up with.
“What is that ring?”
“A Moreinen gate key. It must be important for them to send a messenger to look for me through a Moreinen gate.”
“Where are we going? Why are we running?”
“I can use this Moreinen key to get back to my world. I don’t know where the Moreinen gates are, but I’m sure Nakada does. So we’re following her.”
“You mean the one who tried to kill us just now? Really, I could drive us to Berk–”
“This way’ll be faster. It would take half a day to drive back to Berkeley, and I don’t have an Alhallren key, which means more messages and more waiting. It could take days. This way, I could be in my world tonight. Trust me. There! She’s heading for the parking lot. Quick, give me your car keys.”
Audrey’s demand struck me. Someone else driving my car. “That’s okay, I’ll drive you.”
We were nearing the Rainforest Café when Audrey stopped. I ran into her with a pain like striking a wall. Audrey was motionless in a manner that silenced me. “She knows we’re following,” she said. Audrey inched forward. The restaurant’s fake jungle décor loomed in front of an immense stretch of parking lot. The mariachi band was still playing to the crowds. Behind them, a pool was dotted with lights and reflections of the Mayan architecture. Trees and fronds lined the shallow waters. Bushes were scattered up a tiered wall.
In an instant, a figure leapt from the waters and fell on Audrey. Audrey’s shield lit in a blaze and the figure was thrown back, crashing against the restaurant, sliding into the pool below. When Nakada rose to her feet, I saw she was cloaked in black. Water dripped from her clothes and ran along her dark skin. In one hand, she held a long blade high, the tip of it curving over her head. Her other hand moved slowly and pulled back her hair; the gesture revealed the arch of her neck, tattooed with tiger stripes along her neckline. Carefully, she reached for something in her hair, her eyes on Audrey.
Audrey’s sword flashed. Nakada’s sword was held to shield her face, a black spike protruding from the blade. She pulled the thin spike from her sword and replaced it into her hair, never taking her eyes from Audrey.
Neither of them moved as they regarded each other. A crowd had gathered. Only the water trickled through the quiet. The mariachi band had stopped playing.
Nakada burst from the waters with a shriek. Audrey repelled her, throwing the Moreinan back.
A whip lashed from Nakada’s hand as she fell, wrapping over the branch of a tree. The whip tightened and Nakada flew on her whip, rounding in a quick circle and kicking Audrey across the face. Audrey was flung against the Mayan walls into the waters. The lights and reflections of the pool slid over her.
Nakada was already on the ground when Audrey stood, dripping. Nakada lashed her whip over Audrey’s head as she ducked. The whip sliced through branches; the severed limbs fell into the pool, bobbing to the surface.
Nakada reached into her hair and threw another spike. It shot past Audrey’s ear, sticking into the wall like a dart on a dartboard. Another spike cut past Audrey as she dodged. When I looked again, a third spike had sliced the first one in half on the wall.
And then Nakada was gone, her black leather coat flapping behind her as she ran.
“Get to your car!” Audrey cried.
I could only obey. We sprinted towards the parking lot as the smattering sounds of applause rose from the crowd.
We hurried into my car and sped away. “Turn here! Turn here!” Audrey shouted at me heatedly.
We raced through several intersections, running the red lights with cars honking at us. Soon we flew onto the 5 freeway, weaving across six lanes of traffic.
“Get into the carpool lane.”
I sped down the highway at record speed, praying no cops were around. “Where are we going?”
“I told you, we’re following Nakada. She’s up ahead. I can see her.”
I swerved around a car, cutting across the double yellow lines; speeding past another vehicle, I cut back into carpool. My tires screeched loudly in protest. I turned to Audrey. “Jesus Christ, put your seatbelt on!” I reached over to pull the seatbelt over her before I stopped myself. “What am I saying? You probably won’t die even if you’re thrown from the car and I run you over. Christ, this is crazy!” She laughed as I swerved again, cars blaring their horns at me. I caught a glimpse of someone flipping me off in my rearview.
“We’re close.” Audrey was at the edge of her seat, looking intently into the red taillights of the highway. I saw Nakada on a motorcycle, lit in brief glimpses by the freeway lights, darting between cars. “I’ll slow her down, make sure she doesn’t get away. Lower your hood,” Audrey said.
“What?”
“Your car hood. Lower it.”
“Why?”
“I’m going to jump.”
“Jump where? What!” I looked to where Nakada was racing on her bike, at a distance that was barely within sight of my vision.
“You worry too much.” She was grinning.
“You don’t worry enough.”
“Just do it. Everything will be fine.”
“Those will be your famous last words.” But I pressed the button and lowered the hood. The Los Angeles air swept over us in a gush of noise. Wind whipped against our ears, and all I heard was air and traffic. Audrey leapt onto the top of the windshield like a cat onto a bookshelf. She perched there deftly, the wind throwing her hair wildly; she was like a hawk perched on a cliff edge, the wind blazing through its feathers.
I tried to speed up, closer to Nakada, but my foot was already flat on the accelerator. Audrey flew off into the night, rising gracefully. She went over the rushing cars before descending neatly, barely visible in the distance, behind Nakada on her bike. A gleam of silver flashed on the motorcycle as Audrey deflected a blow from the Moreinan.
I pressed the accelerator even more firmly as I whipped through traffic. I glanced at people in their cars as I sped past. Some appeared bored, as if they hadn’t noticed anything; others looked curiously in Audrey’s direction and I could almost read their minds: Huh, are they filming a movie? I rolled my eyes.
Nakada’s bike was slowing. I could make out the black sweeps of her sword as she bent to swing it behind her, her back arching in poised curves as she struck. She swerved her bike dangerously across the lanes, trying to shake Audrey off.
A vibration on my leg surprised me. I reached into my pocket and pulled out my cell phone. “Kevin,” my sister’s voice squeaked. “Where’ve you been? Mom’s gonna kill you if you’re late for dinner. What’s taking you so long? Are you still eating the pre-dinner dinner? What’s all that noise? Are you driving with the hood down? Can you hear me!”
Ahead, Nakada was striking Audrey’s shield so hard that Audrey was forced farther back on the seat. “This is a bad time!”
“What? Why?”
“It’s –” Audrey punched Nakada across the face. “It’s just – girl stuff.”
“Mom wants to know when you’re gonna get here.”
“I don’t know if I can make it down this Christmas. I really don’t know what’s gonna happen. If I’m not there, start without me. Look, I gotta go.” I hung up and pocketed my phone. The skyscrapers of Los Angeles rose from the darkness. A sign flashed past: the 101 North. We were almost in Downtown LA already. How fast had we been going?
Beside Audrey and Nakada, a freight truck pulled into the adjacent lane. Nakada leapt from her bike and landed on top of the truck. She sprinted down the length of the vehicle. Audrey took the handles of the bike and cut in front of the truck. She turned, riding backwards, before she leapt into the air just as Nakada jumped from the truck’s roof. They clashed against each other in mid-air, the force of Audrey’s leap sending them both crashing onto the truck. The motorcycle sped wildly, unmanned, along the lane beneath them.
Above the traffic, Audrey and Nakada fought across the top of the truck. Nakada swung her sword in a circle over her, her back arching, before she threw herself forwards and swept the blade out in a brutal motion. Audrey dodged. Nakada drew her whip, repeating the same arcing move; the whip smashed against Audrey’s shield, hurling her off the side.
Audrey flipped in the air and landed back on the swerving bike. Nakada followed, jumping onto the bike, balancing in front of Audrey on the handles. Nakada kicked out, but Audrey caught her foot before Nakada used her other leg to strike Audrey in the face. Nakada leapt from the motorcycle and pushed off the truck’s side to rebound in a kick that threw Audrey from her seat. Nakada landed back on her bike and sped away.
Audrey fell hard onto the roof of a speeding car, clinging to it. I wove through traffic until I was as close to her as I could get, still several cars behind.
She lost her hold, flying backwards over the cars, heading towards me. Reaching out, she grabbed the top of my windshield and pulled herself down into the passenger seat.
She looked breathless but cheerful. Her hair was a tangled mess. It still whipped across her face, but I could see her content expression underneath. “Why are you so happy?” I felt I had been more traumatized just watching her fight. “You almost got killed.”
“Oh, I’ve been through worse.” She craned her neck to look around the traffic. I thought it was over, but to my dismay she cried, “I see her! Hurry, she’s exiting.”
I shifted the car as fast as I could towards the exit despite myself. Something inside of me groaned.
As we sped out of the exit, the skyscrapers of Downtown LA climbed above us in mountains of steel and concrete. I drove down Grand Avenue, turning through several streets before Audrey told me to pull over, pointing ahead into the dark. I leaned forward and saw Nakada running across a sidewalk, her unmistakable black coat flapping beneath the street lights.
Nearby, the curb was plastered with signs saying ‘no parking’. I pulled my car into an illegal park and got out. I cursed; I could see the ticket on my windshield already.
A complexity of high-rises stretched far above us, each building lined with its own set of glass doors. Everything was dark and quiet. Only in the distance the sound of traffic hummed.
“Kevin, over here.”
Audrey had opened one of the doors. I followed her inside a closed office building, its hollow halls expanding long and deserted in every direction.
“How’d you get in?” I whispered.
“Super-strength,” she said. “Breaks me through most doors. Just have to be careful not to trip any of the alarm wires.” She gave me a little wink.
Looking down, I noticed a security guard lying unconscious at her feet, half-hidden behind a desk. “Did you punch out –”
“He’ll be fine,” she said. She rummaged through his pockets, retrieving his keys and security card.
She used the security card to gain access to the elevators. As we stood in the hall, a light blinked from the dimness, moving across the floor numbers above the elevator doors. The light stopped on the number 42. We both looked at the number. “There she is,” Audrey said.
As though on cue, another set of elevator doors opened and the ‘up’ button on the wall blinked off. I moved to follow Audrey into the elevator, but she stopped me with a look. “Kevin, you don’t have to come.”
I thought about it briefly. “No,” I said. “I want to.”
“It’ll be dangerous.”
“Driving in LA’s more dangerous.”
She smiled, and I stepped into the elevator before she could say anything more.




Chapter 19


On the elevator up, we watched the light move across the numbers. It seemed to take an eternity. Audrey indicated the security camera. “All that footage’ll be gone by tomorrow morning,” she muttered. “Nakada’ll cover her tracks; wouldn’t be the first time she’s done this.” The elevator stopped and the doors slid open onto a dark hallway lined with doors.
“She could’ve gone through any of these,” I whispered.
Audrey held up her hand, the golden ring bright across her finger. “There’s a gate here. I can feel the key drawn to it. I think it’s that way.” She broke into a run and I raced after her. We reached a set of double doors. Audrey forced it open with a push, the lock giving beneath her weight.
Audrey fell to the floor, Nakada on her with her black blade against Audrey’s shield.
Audrey expanded her shield so Nakada was flung across the room, crashing through cubicle walls. Nakada leapt to her feet and ran from Audrey down the office. I sprinted after them, rounding a cubicle just in time to see Nakada’s coat disappearing through a door at the far end. The door slammed shut, but Audrey kicked it open.
I stopped, stunned at the doorway. A spike was frozen in the air right in front of me, hovering between my eyes. The streetlights fell through the large office windows and illuminated the spike into a black shine. Behind it, I saw Audrey and Nakada fighting across the office floor. I let out my breath and it fogged into a flat pallor. I was inside a kyrion shield.
Audrey drew her sword but Nakada’s whip sliced Audrey’s blade in half; the tip of the blade launched across the room and slid under the desk. Audrey reached towards it; as if she held the broken blade at a distance, Audrey threw it at Nakada, the blade flying from the floor. Nakada cut it apart with a crack of her whip. Audrey swung her sword in an arc and her sword regenerated. Nakada’s whip lashed against it again, wrapping in coils around the white blade. But before Nakada could pull the sword from Audrey, Audrey jerked her blade back and the whip flew from Nakada’s hand, landing near me.
Nakada unsheathed her own sword. She centered it before her, its curved blade rising against her features. She pulled her weapon apart from the handle and it split into two identical blades. She swung her blades quickly as she advanced. Audrey dodged behind her shield and struck with her blade. Nakada leapt to avoid the sword, turning in the air and landing on the desk behind Audrey.
Nakada aimed a blow that was blocked before jumping to the floor. The desk was between them. Nakada kicked the desk, her boot smashing against it; the table flew towards Audrey, its contents scattering, littering the room with paper that fell to carpet the ground. The computer crashed against the wall.
As the desk propelled towards her, Audrey sliced the desk in two, her blade a needle cutting through wood. The two halves of the desk swept past her and smashed out the window, shattering the glass and letting in the great sound of traffic below.
Horrified, I watched as the broken desk began to fall; it would crush the commuters on the streets. Before I could even finish the thought, Audrey hurled a long line of white fire from her hand. The flames shot out the window and consumed the halves of the desk. The fire ate itself up and vanished. When it was gone, all that was left were ashes that sprinkled down.
Nakada took this chance to dive for her whip, sliding across the floor towards me. She looked at me briefly as she grabbed her whip; she was so close, I could see her pupils slit like those of a cat. In a feline motion, the way a cat might swipe at a mouse, Nakada slashed her whip at me and it struck the shield with a crack.
I heard the fire alarm sounding. The sprinklers spewed water like rain, soaking the paper that lay everywhere, the water coursing over the shield around me. Nakada latched her whip onto the sprinkler, pulling herself up, swinging across the room before landing on the shattered windows. “Why do you keep following me?” Nakada cried. As if to answer her own question, her eyes fastened on the golden ring on Audrey’s finger and comprehension lit Nakada’s face.
Nakada lashed out, coiling her whip around the key on Audrey’s finger. With a flick of her whip, Nakada pulled the ring off and sent it flying out the window. Audrey ran to the window ledge; reaching with her sword, she caught the key on the tip of her blade.
Nakada coiled her whip around the spinning sprinkler and pulled herself up. She ran along the walls, flying through the sprinkler rain, before leaping in a kick at Audrey, striking with both her legs out. Audrey dodged to the side. Nakada flew past her, out the broken window, her whip trailing behind her.
As she fell, Nakada threw a golden ring out into the sky; it stretched into the length of a gate, high at the top of the city. Nakada swung her whip, latching onto the gate’s edge. The whip tightened. She soared easily over the city on her whip and disappeared into the gate. The last trace of her whip vanished and the gate closed with a white burst.
Audrey ran to me, her boots splashing on the wet paper. Her palm flattened over the shield around me, and suddenly, the waters from the sprinklers fell hard on me, soaking me through.
“You have two shields!” I shouted over the fire alarm.
“Only one! You can split it.” She closed her hand into a fist; when she opened her fingers again, there were three shields, exactly the same as the original. She did it again and there were five. Then again, and there was only one. She put it in her pocket.
“What about the key? Do you have it?” I asked.
She smiled in her wry way and held up her sword. There around its thin blade was the golden circlet of the ring. “Yup.” She drew the ring from the blade. “I have to go!” she cried. “It was nice meeting you, Kevin. Thank you for driving me.” Her lips twisted jokingly. “Get out of here before the firemen come.” She went to the broken window, tossing the key. It sailed out, stretching into a long ellipse that opened in the black skies.
She stepped onto the window ledge. She would jump into the night and fade into a memory. And my life would be ordinary again.
“Wait!” I cried. I sprinted across the soaking ground, my clothes heavy with water. “Take me with you.”
She looked at me, straightening in the clear frame of the shattered window. Her hair was drenched from the sprinklers; lines of water ran down her face. I could feel my own features wet with streaks trickling from my hair.
“What?” she said.
“Take me with you!” I pushed my hair from my forehead, blinking at the droplets that fell into my eyes. The night opened wide behind her, speckled with the lights of the cityscape.
“It’ll be dangerous, Kevin. I don’t know what’s on the other side of this gate. You’re safe here. Go back. Go back to your normal life.” She waved at me, motioning me away.
“It’ll be fine,” I said. “You worry too much.” In the streets below, the red lights of the fire engines were trying to push through traffic. “Hurry!” I reached for her.
“What if I can’t protect you? What if you die? Think about these things, Kevin.”
“I’m not gonna die. But if I die, then at least I die happy.” The fire engines wailed.
Audrey threw back her head, almost exasperated with indecision. In a sudden motion, she grabbed my hand. She leapt out over the city, pulling me behind her.
For an instant, I hovered above Los Angeles and saw it from a view I’d never seen before. In that moment, I knew the city the way a bird might, suspended high over the freeways between the steel of skyscrapers.
Then we fell into the gate.




Chapter 20


A frozen blackness sliced through my flesh. Wind whipped at my clothes, threatening to tear off the skin beneath. The pain was worse than I remembered, worse than it’d been in the touch. My flesh was bitten with frost. Fear grabbed my throat and regret flashed through me.
I fell onto a hard surface in a heap, the solidity of it striking me. My pain escaped in a grunt that dissolved into a moan swirling in my ears. Dizziness spun sickeningly around my head. For a moment, I thought I would vomit.
Through a haze, I saw the golden key fall. Audrey caught it on her palm.
“You alright?” She pulled me up by the back of my collar.
“Yeah,” even though I doubted. But I nodded as the room spun.
Audrey placed the key on her finger. “Really?”
“I’m alright,” I said, and felt more sure this time. The room had stopped spinning.
The air was thick with warmth and rich with humidity, scented with spices that could almost be tasted on the tongue. A window opened glassless onto the starlit night, letting in a pale light. The room was built of stone walls; the floor too was stone and covered with an ornate carpet. On either side of the window, drapes waved in a hot breeze. Audrey brushed back the drapes with a gesture of her hand. I joined her at the window, a strange landscape opening before my eyes.
Stars illuminated the night in a bath of silver, washing the land with a glow the way the sun might bathe the day with light. Hills of sand and rock curved across the landscape. Above, a flock of birds flew over a crescent moon. The pallor of the moon split the black sky in an arched blade of white silver.
Twisting through the sands, rivers flowed lush and deep, the waters thick with waves that reminded me of the sea. Trees rose from the rivers, heavy with green fronds. The birds flew closer, and I saw they weren’t birds but a flock of winged creatures that resembled Audrey’s white beast. Below, orange lights were scattered across the dark – lights from dwellings.
“Where are we?” I asked.
“Look,” Audrey said. As she pointed, the moonlight fell across her arm and lighted her skin into a pallor. Her eyes were speckled again with flecks of silver, twinkling strangely in the shadows. She seemed as surreal as a ghost. “We’re in Moreina, close to the border,” she said.
“Where’s Nakada?”
“Somewhere here. Maybe she knows the people who live here. Or she’s been breaking in to use this gate.”
“We’re in someone’s house? We’re trespassing?”
“We are trespassing. We should go,” she said, turning briskly. “A flock of hines is flying towards the roof. We can catch one if we hurry.”
“You mean those flying beasts?” I whispered, as we hastened from the room into a corridor.
“Yes!” Her reply was impatient and I hesitated to ask more. She pressed her back to the wall with her arm on my chest, pushing me to the wall beside her.
We edged along the corridors, Audrey looking before we turned every corner. She grabbed my wrist and we sprinted down a hallway towards a large window at the end. The window extended far on either side, lined with pillars. Beyond, the black outlines of enormous leather wings were distinct as a flock of hines flew past.
Audrey’s shield flashed. Spikes fastened to her shield like needles in a clear pincushion. Armed guards ran down the corridor, shouting in a guttural language.
Audrey expanded her shield in a burst. The spikes flew off, flying back towards the guards. Audrey wrenched me away, nearly tearing my arm off as we fled.
Another volley of spikes struck the shield that Audrey held in a great curve behind us. Snarls broke out. I turned, looking through Audrey’s shield. Gigantic cats were sprinting at us down the hallway. They resembled black cheetahs, snarling like Dobermans with their fangs visible in the pale light.
“Siks!” Audrey cried. At first I thought she had cursed, since I had cried out a word that sounded very much the same.
She expanded her shield so the spikes on it exploded in a shower towards the siks. The spikes struck them and the cats fell back with snarls that dissolved into dog-like whimpers. Other siks overtook the fallen ones, sprinting after us, fast closing the gap.
Audrey threw me ahead onto a flight of stairs. “Get up the stairs!”
I ran as she pushed the cats back on her shield, slicing them with her blade. She stabbed one in the throat then bounded up the steps towards me, the cats’ whimpers fading.
“Get down the hall! They’re still coming!” she shouted. I could hear the growls of siks mounting the stairs behind us.
We ran through a hallway into a wide room. Beyond the tall windows, the flock of hines flew through the night. In front of us, resting on a thick rug, was an enormous shape in silhouette, basking in the moonlight.
“Jump over it!” Audrey cried.
I prayed the shape was just a statue. But as we neared, it sprang to life, an enormous lion with a gaping mouth of fangs. Audrey pulled me up in a flying leap over its jaws. Its claw ripped the back of my shirt to shreds and I felt the weight of its paw as it brushed against me. The beast’s roar thundered in my ears. We landed right at the edge of the windows, the hines flying below us.
Audrey dragged me over the side and we fell past the wings of hines, plummeting towards the sands. I thought we would fall to our deaths before we landed heavily on the back of a hine. Relief flooded through me. Then the beast tilted in its flight. Panic drowned away the relief as I slid backwards along the animal, grabbing vainly for a hold. I slipped over its wing, clutching frantically at nothing, terror slicing through me as the night opened endlessly beneath.
A hand reached out and pulled me onto the creature. “Legs on either side of the neck,” Audrey instructed.
“Thanks,” I said, breathless, my heart still pounding in my chest. “Following you was definitely easier in the touch.”
The brown tiers of the Moreinen house were disappearing behind us. The lion was at the window, its paws on the ledge. In the moonlight, its coat shone a deep red, its thick mane maroon, like a chestnut stallion. The cat blinked at us as it faded small into the night, the hines flying below it along the wall. We flew away from the rest of the flock, and soon the whole house vanished into the distance. Beneath us, the lights of the city shrank into a dotted array of oranges.
We soared higher through a scented wind. A luxuriant humidity embalmed my skin in moisture and made me feel sleepy with the heat. It wasn’t long before the last of the city disappeared under pale lines of cloud. Stars opened above. Wisps of white cloud ran cold through my fingers.
Beneath my hands, the beast’s hide was tan and its head was crowned with curving horns. Audrey bent over the animal’s neck and steered the creature across the sky.
“Where’d you learn to ride like this?” I asked, making conversation.
“I have one. You saw it, but it’s white. It’s a type of hine,” she said. “Hines are common in Moreina. Most wealthy Moreinen houses have them in flocks. But mine is an elbine, a white hine unique to Hallia.”
We sailed through the air in silence, then I asked, “So what about Nakada?”
“I don’t know. I’m not sure who she is or what she does in Moreina. I’ve never found out her true Moreinen identity. Nakada’s not her real name.” She looked at the stars spread across the night. “I’ll use the stars to navigate us to Alhallra. The journey shouldn’t take long, if we outrun the guards,” Audrey said. And my heart sank.
“You mean the guards at the house? But I thought –”
“What?”
“We outran them.”
Audrey laughed, almost like an adult amused by a child. “Kevin, I probably shouldn’t have brought you. The guards are behind us. They’ve always been behind us. They’re coming.” She leaned against the long neck of the hine and we sped faster. “Hold on,” she said. “We’re almost at the border.”
“What’s at the border?”
“More guards.”
My heart started racing again, and with its pounding I wished desperately to be back in the warmth of California. The familiarity of home seemed too far away.
Orange flames broke through the expanse of stars, shining through the clouds like lights through fog. As we rode forward, the fog parted, revealing a series of tremendous towers rising above the clouds. Their long lines stretched infinitely, lit with flames. The structures were like mountains, their tanned walls shrouded by the moonlit mist.
“There’s the border,” Audrey said.
She flew us higher, the air becoming cold with the altitude. I let my breath out in a shiver.
“We’re going to fly over the towers?” I asked.
“Can’t, the air’ll be too thin.”
As Audrey urged the hine on, I clutched at the creature, my legs squeezing the animal’s sides to keep myself from falling into the infinity below. The beast growled in a way that vibrated through its body.
We flew among the towers. The lights from the windows streaked past in blurs of orange.
When I looked back, I saw the house guards gaining as they pursued us on hines. In the towers above, the border guards were close, their skin auburn in the moonlight, their eyes dark beneath the bronze of their helmets. Some had black stripes, like a tiger’s, curving below each eye.
Trumpets sounded.
“Brace yourself, Kevin. They’ve alerted the tower guards to arrest us,” Audrey said.
The trumpeting reverberated. Through the dying echoes, a clear and fresh trumpet sounded in reply. Over the horns of our hine’s head, I watched as a flood of guards descended from the tower walls. They leapt onto their hines and flew towards us in an enormous wave, heaving in a dark swell.
Audrey gave no indication of slowing down – she seemed to be readying herself for a fight.
“Maybe we should surrender,” I urged.
“Trust me.”
At our accelerating flight, a horn blared, and to my horror their hines bent back their heads in a gesture I’d seen before. The entire front row of hines spewed black balls of flame that shot towards us.
The fire exploded against Audrey’s shield. The heat blazed against my skin. The force of it threw us back and we spiraled downwards. We twisted, wheeling as if we rode a terrible rollercoaster. Our hine roared, its wings pounding the air as it struggled to stay in flight.
The black fire fell away from the shield, disappearing in smoky wisps as our hine regained control, rising higher. A wall of guards still blocked our path into Alhallra; they were so close I could distinguish their individual features. Audrey turned us around. We were being driven back into Moreina.
In unison, the tower guards drew their spikes, sending them in wave after wave of volleys. Soon, Audrey’s shield was so thick with spikes, I could no longer see through it to the guards behind.
We flipped backwards in a loop. The night spun in a jumble of mist and smoke. The towers tilted through the skies, their lights spinning with the stars like sparks in a kaleidoscope. I clutched the hine with all my strength, my eyes wide. For a brief moment, we faced the sea of guards again and caught a volley of spikes on the front of the shield. We finished the loop and the shield’s entire surface was covered in a solid shell of spikes, encasing us like quills around a porcupine. We were enclosed in a sphere of spikes so firm that not even a pin of light fell through it.
Audrey expanded her shield in an explosion. All the spikes sprayed away in every direction. The guards were pierced through, their hines plummeting in an array of smoke and collapsed wings. Human and animal cries resounded in ways that sent a sickness through my veins.
More guards were in the distance, riding towards us on hines, descending in another wave around the rise of towers. It seemed impossible to break across the border into Alhallra.
With a burst of speed, we fled farther into Moreina. A number of guards blocked our way, their hines’ wings beating the black air. The guards raised curved horns to their lips, blaring in unison, and the hines arched back their necks.
I braced myself for the onslaught of fire I knew would come. But Audrey closed her shield, the shine of it vanishing to nothing. I stared to make sure it was truly gone, but I had no time to react further. Audrey sent kyrion shields shooting from her hand. The shields enveloped the guards just as their hines launched their flames. Instead of bursting towards us, the fire filled the insides of the shields, consuming the guards and the hines within, burning in a horrific sight. The shields were engulfed in flames, entirely obscuring the guards trapped within. We flew past them, the shields falling in great spheres of black fire, screams issuing from them as they plunged towards the darkness below.
A nausea filled my mouth that I tried to keep down. “Did you have to do that?” I asked. I felt weak with the stench of burnt flesh, and a fear of her rippled through me.
“You can’t win battles without killing, Kevin.”
I cursed, bringing my hand up to shelter my nose from the sickening odor.
To our side, a guard was closing in, the wings of his hine stretching towards us. Audrey opened her palm and sent a stream of white fire leaping from her hand. He recoiled, veering his hine sharply away, curving through the night.
“Christ, what is that?” I shouted.
“Just matches,” she answered. She threw something back to me and I caught it. It was a small white marble, like a ball of wax. “You have to learn how to light it,” Audrey said.
She whipped our hine around so we scraped past the wall of a tower. We turned quickly again and just missed impact with another wall. Behind, guards crashed heavily into the towers with the sound of cracking bones and muffled cries. Some plummeted, wheeling in a splay of wings, while the hines of others limped on, wings beating lamely as they struggled to stay in the air. Other guards veered effortlessly, dodging the towers swiftly and continuing in a relentless pursuit.
Beyond the towers, the black Moreinen lands stretched open and promising, while behind, the guards narrowed the dark space of night that lay between their hines and ours.
Audrey reached into her back pocket and took out a silver disk the size of her palm. “Duck!” she cried.
I crouched as she threw the disk past me. It split into a multitude of spinning blades. The line of guards broke as they swerved, the curved blades slicing among them. The blades tore through the wings of several hines; the creatures screamed as they hovered in a crippled flight.
The blades came hurling back, spinning in silver crescents before they came together and melded into the disk again. Audrey caught it in her hand.
“My moonblade,” Audrey said. A smile curled the corner of her lip as she tucked it into the back pocket of her jeans.
We flew past the last row of towers, soaring into the darkness beyond. Behind, guards struggled on wounded hines. They disappeared into the distance as we flew on, and then even the tower walls vanished into a swirl of night and cloud. Only the orange glow of the tower lights remained; then they too faded, and the silver of the stars was all that speckled the night.
“Did we lose them?” I asked.
“No,” but she seemed to smile. “They’re far behind, though.”
The air warmed as we descended into the lower skies, and I could smell spices on the wind again. My heart was still racing even though we’d been flying calmly for a time. I tried to breathe steadier and I realized I was still clutching the Alhallren match in my fist. I gave it back to her.
“Thanks,” she said, casually. “I only have a few of these left.”
“What now? We couldn’t get across the border.”
“We need to get to Rei, the capital of Moreina.” She scanned the stars. “Good thing the sky is clear tonight. If we ride fast, we can beat the guards there.”
She gave a cry, and with a stroke of its leather wings, the beast pushed faster into the darkness of the Moreinen night.




Chapter 21


A line of red light broke long in the distance, cutting through the dark like a streak of blood. The sudden crimson tore the night in half. Dawn was rising. The scarlet line of a new day curved across the black horizon, bending around the earth’s waist and slitting the night’s throat as the dark died into day. The bloody light spilled across the hine’s wings stretching over the early sky.
I knew that enemies still pursued us – but they were far behind, separated from us by miles of cloud and sky. I yawned, a calmness swelling inside of me, my eyelids drooping with growing weight.
We descended gradually, lowering into a humid air that was like steam from a hot bath. Spices flavored the wind, carrying hints of curry and pepper. The last of the mist lifted, blowing from the hine’s wings back into the dawn. All the clouds swept into the sky above, and Moreina’s golden lands opened below, its tanned earth patterned with rivers that flowed brilliantly in the light of a new day.
At the edges of the landscape, a golden city rose from the sands, its angular bricks illuminated in the sun. Crowning the city on a rise of land was a palace, long and terraced in the morning.
Audrey looked past me, her eyes pale with silver, her skin lit like snow in the light of winter. This was the first time I had truly seen her in her Alhallren appearance, plain and real in front of me.
“There they are,” Audrey said.
I followed her gaze. Descending from the clouds, the guards were catching up at a great speed, their hines diving with their wings pinned to their sides.
“Hold tight, Kevin.” Our creature’s wings folded against its body and we fell in an open dive towards the land.
City guards were riding below us, skimming the sands. They faded into a blur as we passed over them in a rush.
The guards gave chase, their hines’ wings raising dust as the creatures reared, spewing a black volley of flames. With a sudden turn, we dodged the fire that smashed into the sand. Embers rained around us, burning the skin as we flew through them. Smoke rose from the ashes and wove in wisps through the dawnlight.
A guard hurled a spike; it split in mid-air into a multitude of thorns. Audrey drew her sword and the projectiles fell before her blade. Sliced to pieces, they scattered into the winds, raining in flecks of black with the last of the ashes.
We flew into the city. Silks waved from tanned walls. The pedestrians too were swathed in vivid drapes. Our hine’s wings opened among them in a terrific rush of air.
Guards were still flying in fast, closing the gap. A hine launched its black fire and the flames struck a hanging of silk, consuming the fabric in a burst. We veered as another blast of fire flew past us. Deftly, Audrey avoided the onslaught as though she could see behind her.
We angled upwards, our hine’s wings brushing the even roofs of the dwellings. Before us, the palace stretched, golden-bricked on a rise of sand and rock. The dawn threw shadows long across the land, so the city and its palace were hued with lines of black and gold.
A guard flew close, his beast’s eyes rolling in a dark stare, so close I could see my own horrified face in the fluid surface of the animal’s eyes.
The guard was swathed in black. All I saw were his eyes, as dark as his hine’s. He shot a spike at us that burst into a shower of thorns. Audrey caught the thorns on her shield and volleyed them back at him.
He crouched behind his cloak. The thorns fastened to it, protruding like needles from cloth. He shook back his mantle and the thorns fell off, fluttering to the city below.
Audrey held her shield at the size of a basketball around her fist. She reached over me, catching another attack of spikes on her shield. She swung her shield and sprayed the spikes into the face of the guard’s hine.
The animal roared, spitting a plume of fire that disintegrated the spikes to ash, the whites of the creature’s eyes blackening into a solid darkness. The fire crashed against Audrey’s shield before she expanded it and sent the fire washing back over the guard and his hine. They fell in a sweep of wings and screams, their cries sounding in my ears.
On the streets, the pedestrians looked up at us, their shawls fallen back from their foreheads. The guards whistled to their hines, and the creatures lashed out a barrage of fire. The flames smashed against the kyrion shield and descended in a shower of embers, setting afire the bright colors of street banners. The pedestrians scattered over the roads as the burnt fabric fell among them. Scorched bricks crumbled to the ground, shattered by the fire that missed us.
We were nearly at the palace. Behind, the guards had fallen back to a distance, while before us, the palace rose majestically. And hope lifted into my throat.
A trumpet sounded, a pure note piercing the dawn. Another horn echoed it, followed by another. The air rang with the call of trumpets. And then there was a sudden silence.
We flew into a quiet air, gliding on the wind. There was a stillness as we sailed above the golden bricks of a sunburnt city. It was a moment that seemed to hold its breath. And a premonition crept into the hope in my throat.
From seemingly every corner of the palace, from behind every terraced wall, the leather wings of hines emerged, stretching like enormous batwings before the golden bricks of the palace. And on each hine was the black-robed figure of a Moreinen guard.
Audrey flew on as though the palace walls hadn’t become infinitely more difficult to penetrate. The multitude of guards swarmed forward, aligning into a line that curved to encircle us. Panic filled my mouth as if to scream, but no sound came out.
We flew straight at the guards. A cry sounded and the circle of hines bent back their heads. We jolted upwards just as the hines hurled their fire. The flames barely missed us, scorching the tip of our hine’s tail. The fire shot into the center of the guards’ circle, right where we had been only an instant before, exploding in their midst. The neat circle of guards scattered in an array of wings.
For a moment, the way to the palace was clear. It was so close. I could see its pillars lit with dawn, trees rose before the windows, and a breeze played through colored fabrics. It looked like an invitation. But I knew better than to hope again.
I swung around to see the guards’ formation coming together in an arc to hem us in. At a whistle, their hines blasted flames that crashed against Audrey’s shield. The force of the fire propelled us forward with a burst of terrific speed. We rode on the wave of flames like a surfer, cascading in a wild rush towards the walls of the palace.
We smashed through trees, the leaves burning as we collided into pillars, tearing through fabrics, the colors ripping past us in dazzling arrays. We slid across the floor of the palace to a sudden stop, spilling from the hine.
We landed in Audrey’s shield. The bubble burst and I collapsed onto solid stone.
Beyond rows of pillars, guards flew in from the open air, landing between the columns, their hines’ wings spread wide in silhouettes against a sky of gold. Sheets of silk waved from the pillars, some burning from the flames we brought in. Embers kindled on the tanned stones, the flames wilting to smoke. The scent of fire wove through the morning light.
Audrey stood as the guards dismounted, unsheathing their swords. I thought she would fight, but she made no motion.
A man among them shouted a command to others who ran into the corridors beyond the hall. He turned to Audrey, his black sword pointed at her pale throat.
“i arl reo pipreot orh hallain.” Although I was sure Audrey was speaking the same language as the man, there was a slight sound to her words that belied the breathy Alhallren tongue she had grown up with.
At her words, the man seemed puzzled, his eyes squinting from beneath the black shroud across his face. He replied, and the guttural sounds rolled across his tongue like a river. But he made no move to lower his sword.
Beside the guards, the hines looked massive, sitting within the hall, their shadows long across the tan floor. Though the day was just beginning, I could already feel the heat against my skin. The lingering smoke twisted among the silks, weaving through the colors of the wall tapestries. A few hines stretched their wings through the hanging silks. Along the floor, scattered among the feet of the guards, ashes still simmered black with sparks of red.
When I looked up, I noticed that the entire line of guards was staring at me. The guard in front of us had his sword pointed directly at me. He stepped closer and moved the blade towards my eyes then up to my forehead, brushing aside the hair that lay across my brow so he could better see my face. My hair was heavy with sweat, a bead of perspiration sliding down my temple. It was difficult to draw in the thick humid air. The man peered at me, as if he were looking at something for the first time. He spoke quietly.
“He says you look strange.” The corner of Audrey’s mouth curled amusedly.
The man stepped back, gazing at me wonderingly. I relaxed when he drew his sword away and held the blade by his side.
“Do I look – different?”
“No, you look exactly the same,” Audrey said, still with that amused smile.
The dawnlight fell at an angle across her features and lit her silver eyes into a strange beauty. Although the guards were mostly shrouded behind their cloaks, what I could see of their skin was auburn, baked with a tan like bread golden in the oven.
“You look – fleshy, in contrast here,” Audrey commented, observing me with amusement in her strange eyes. “Like a youth whose Alhallren fairness has already faded with age.”
It was then that I realized I was the only human of my kind in this entire world. And for some reason, the realization frightened me.
The arches leading to the hallways were intricately etched and birds chirped, perched within the curves of the carven flora. The birds fluttered as footsteps sounded in the hall, and soon a figure appeared beneath the archway. Several of the birds took flight and sailed out past the hines, flying between the pillars into the morning.
The figure was robed in white, his skin nearly the same tone, fair like the moon. The short strands of his hair were blond to such a pallor, they resembled flaxen grasses laced with frost. His eyes were a splendid blue, their color profound in features so fair. The bricks of the castle rose around him, shining with an amber in the sunlight. He looked like an angel in a palace of gold.
Seeing him, I understood what Audrey meant by the Alhallren fairness. It was an unearthly softness, a pallid glow, white with a luminosity. Though his features had aged, he still had the full complexion of youth. And I knew that he was Hallain.




Chapter 22


“Rylo!” He opened his arms. It seemed as much a gesture of surprise as an invitation for an embrace.
Audrey seemed to take it as the latter since she ran to him with a carefree abandon. He swung her through the air in a circle, and when they broke, the room was filled with their excited voices chattering in the airy words of Alhallran.
Hallain glanced past Audrey’s shoulder. His blue eyes fastened on me, widening with incredulity. For a long moment, he stared, then slowly he approached me with a deliberate caution, as if he were touching a figment of imagination.
He looked me over from head to foot, examining me like a specimen. Audrey was standing with her arms crossed, smiling with a twist of amusement. Hallain brushed my shoulder, his hand tracing the fabric of my t-shirt, rubbing the material between his fingers. He said something to Audrey and she responded with a jerk of her chin towards me.
So he turned to me and asked, “What is your name?”
The plain English struck me dumb. “Kevin,” I stuttered.
He still examined me as if I were new. His words were halting, infused with an airy accent. “I… haven’t spoken English… in a long time,” he said. “Please forgive it, if it is not good.”
“It’s fine,” I managed.
He addressed the man I took to be the lead guard, speaking quickly. His Moreinan was flawless as far as I could tell, without a trace of the Alhallren accent I had detected in Audrey’s speech.
The guard bowed before calling to the others with a sweep of his arm. They turned and mounted their hines, lifting off from the pillars and flying away into the yellow sky of morning.
We were left alone in a hall that was suddenly hollow. The hine that we had stolen sat perched between the pillars. Hallain made a remark towards it, gesturing at it with a flick of his fingers.
Audrey leaned to me, “My brother has forgiven us of our crimes. He says he will send someone to take back the hine we’ve stolen.”
Hallain sighed, leaving the hall. We followed him into a shaded corridor.
As he spoke to Audrey, his open Alhallren words echoed, ringing against the amber stones. The painted walls enclosed an outdoor courtyard with columned walkways. The morning light made dark patterns on the ground, and as we walked, the sun fell warmly between the slender cool of the pillars’ shadows.
“He wants to know what’s ever to be done with me. I told him I just wanted to hurry home,” Audrey translated for me. Hallain made as if to respond with exasperation, but before he managed a word, Audrey cut in, “We should speak English in front of our guest to make him feel more comfortable.”
“I’m sure he will not be more comfortable hearing me scold you.” But from his obvious English, it was apparent that he relented.
“Speaking English is just an excuse, brother, for I’m confident I can win any argument against you in English – the only language in which I’m better than you.”
Hallain sighed again. “Why could you not have found a better way of arriving, Rylo?”
“You mean a more peaceful way?” There was a seriousness in her tone that silenced him.
Beyond the pillars of the path, the world opened in a tumble of sand and bronze. Past the terraces, the dwellings of the city rose in bars of gold towards the morning sky. At the city’s edge, the earth was amber, tanned with brown into the horizon.
We ascended stairs lined with columns that separated the steps from the golden view of the land below. On the other side of the stairway, the stones of the wall shimmered with ochre, painted with colors near the ceiling.
“I could have let them arrest me,” Audrey was saying, “but what then? Imprisonment? Punishment? I may soon be queen, Hallain. I cannot risk capture in a foreign country. Would you leave Alhallra vulnerable without a monarch? You do still care for Alhallra?”
“Of course I care,” he responded softly. After a while, he spoke again in Alhallran.
“He chose to come,” Audrey replied. With a start, I realized they were talking about me.
“Please forgive us,” Hallain said to me, “but no one from another world has ever been brought into ours.”
We arrived at a landing. Tapestries adorned the walls and tall windows rose directly ahead. Above, the ceiling opened to the sky through floral cavities carved into the stone. Birds fluttered through the hewn lattice, weaving song into the ceiling.
“Satine won’t react well to this visitor,” Hallain said. A chill wound through me at his words. “You should have thought better, sister.”
“Look how my brother has grown,” Audrey replied, that familiar smile curving her lips.
“Sister, please.” He walked to one of the tapestries; instead of hanging against the stones, the fabric was stretched taut within the wall. He pulled the tapestry aside, revealing a doorway into a spacious room. “You should keep him here and I’ll send him back to his world as soon as possible.”
“He doesn’t want to be sent back, do you, Kevin?” Audrey asked.
“If I’m honest, not yet. I don’t want to intrude, but I just got here,” I said. “And your world looks – amazing.”
“Of course you are welcome here,” Hallain said. “But others… may not have an open mind…” His words tapered away.
“I think Jesath would love to meet him. Jesath would definitely have an open mind. He would be thrilled.” Audrey’s face brightened visibly at the thought.
“Jesath is not Satine.”
“If Satine wants me to take him back, I will. But until then, it would be nice to have a guest in our world.”
“It is… rather interesting,” Hallain admitted, studying my features. He drew a breath and gestured to the room. “Well, Kevin, this is your chamber while you are here. You should rest after such a night. Even my sister must feel tired.”
Inside, the room was furnished with rugs and cushions. Layers of painted color gilded the ceiling and walls; large vases ornamented the corners. The far wall was open, made entirely of long pillars twined with silks. Between the columns, the land could be seen in a luminous view below, the brown earth streaked with the blue veins of the Dabi. Set into the stones of the floor was a pool of golden water, and from it wafted the scent of honey. The entire room was fragranced with an overpoweringly sweet perfume, stirred by the wind.
A movement caught my eye. Peering from the shade were two glowing eyes, red like embers. The eyes crept out and a sleek body materialized from the shadows, black as if formed from the night. It slinked from its bed of pillows onto the tawny stones. For a passing instant, I thought of a Doberman and of a cheetah, and then I knew what it was.
“It’s a sik!” I cried.
“It’s alright,” Hallain assured me. “It won’t harm you. It’s here to protect you.”
I eyed the cat warily. It had silently crossed the room and sat at the foot of a pillar, like a shadow. It looked towards the ceiling at the birds that flitted between the carvings. I glimpsed the flick of a red tongue across its black mouth.
“Rest well, Kevin. I’ll send a servant with some food, and help yourself to the bath.” He gestured to the golden pool with a tilt of his head.
“I’ll be in the room next door if you need anything,” Audrey said. Before I knew it, they had pulled aside the tapestry and stepped out.
I studied the colors of the doorway drapery. Its patterned design looked back at me. I noticed a twist of rope hanging from its edge, near a hook in the wall. Guessing its purpose, I looped the rope over the hook, locking the tapestry door.
For the first time, I was alone in a foreign world. Standing between the pillars, the stones of the floor ended sharply at my feet, bending into the exterior of a wall, reaching below to the lines of the palace’s layered design. The fronds of tall trees shaded parts of the palace and obscured the ground. Beyond them, amber bricks built the city across the lands, beneath a sky patterned with light. At a short distance, a flock of hines flew through the clouds, like prehistoric beasts in a forgotten time.
The sik came and sat not far from me. I would have been afraid, but it was calm as it gazed out in a reverent solitude, the silks of the pillars waving against its black fur.
My skin was sticky with sweat and heat. The fragrant humidity had a texture that was oppressive. Yearning for a cold shower, I knelt at the edge of the golden bath. I stirred the waters and was surprised to find it pleasantly cool, refreshing to the touch. Although it was denser than water, the honeyed liquid flowed smoothly. As I stirred, a scent was released that seemed a mixture of honey and ginger.
I stripped off my clothes and lowered myself into the waters, sinking in and leaning back. The liquid was dense enough to buoy me up, yet fluid enough so I moved easily within it. Pulling a cushion to me, I propped it against my neck and closed my eyes, with a grin palpably implanted on my face.

• • •

I must have dozed off, for a tiny voice called me back to myself from far away. When I opened my eyes, I saw a gold-bricked ceiling painted with geometric designs. I thought I was dreaming before my memories came back to me. I jerked upright, the waters splashing. A girl’s voice was calling muffled from behind the tapestry door, her hand denting the fabric as she pressed against it. I remembered Hallain had sent a servant to bring food.
I was about to get up when I noticed the sik crouching at the edge of the bath, its body hidden in shadow. Only its head protruded black over the golden liquid, its red tongue lapping at the waters. I shooed it away with sweeps of my arms. It leapt off my clothes and went to lie lazily in a sunbeam, stretching and yawning. I examined the water for signs of cat saliva, but discerned nothing. “Sick,” I muttered. “No pun intended.”
Leaping out, I pulled my jeans on as fast as I could, sprinting to the tapestry door and unlatching it. A young slip of a girl stepped in holding a tray topped with bites of food. The moment she saw me, she stared, her eyes round and bright as if set with gems of garnet. Her white dress contrasted sharply against her red-bronze skin. A rope twined in a belt around her waist.
She recovered herself with a shake of her head, swinging a length of copper hair braided down her back. A spotted pattern ran along her neck, peppering her shoulder blade. They reminded me of the stripes on Nakada’s neck. I had assumed the stripes had been tattoos, but now I doubted.
The girl set the tray on a rug. She went to the bath, reached deep into the waters and pulled a plug along the basin floor. The water drained out in a swirl of honey. As soon as she replaced the plug, fresh water began to pour in from an opening at the side.
When the bath was once more filled and golden, she placed folded white cloths onto some cushions. Finished, she turned to me, speaking quickly in Moreinan. I shook my head to indicate that I didn’t understand. She tilted her head and closed her eyes in a manner I understood to mean sleeping; then she indicated an emerald sheet on the floor and the rope hanging next to it. She pulled the rope and the emerald drape began to tighten, the ropes lifting the drape so it curved like a boat, with all its variety of cushions nestled in it like passengers. She stopped abruptly, letting the drape sag to the floor again.
Smiling at me, as if her task was completed, she gave me a final look from head to foot. Then she crossed the room and disappeared out the tapestry door.
On the rug, the sik was sniffing at my food.
“No!” I shouted as I ran towards it, my bare feet slapping the stones.
The sik leapt back with a hiss that froze me almost in mid-air. I stood, completely motionless, my insides cowering. The large cat gave me a red glare with its eyes. But it moved off, slipping into the shade, black as a panther with the grace of a cheetah.
A bead of sweat slid down my temple, mixing with the honeyed waters that still scented my skin. With relief, I sat in front of the tray to inspect the prize I felt had almost cost me my life.
On the tray was a bowl of tiny octopus tentacles seasoned in a brown spice; the dish tasted sweet. Next to it was a plate of leaves topped with mini-lobster claws, drenched in a golden juice. Scattered decoratively along the tray were clam shells stuffed with meats and vegetables peppered with spices. When I ate them, they were so spicy I immediately downed the cup of clear broth. Pulling the cup back, I saw small nuts floated in the remaining broth to give it flavor. The drink left an odd powdery texture on the tongue.
Soon, there was nothing left to eat. Sighing contentedly, I examined the folded white cloths that the girl had laid down. Picking it up, I found it was a large woolen shirt; its softness made me want to curl into it and sleep. I held it against me and it hung long, almost to my knees. On the ground, the other white cloth was more extensive with elaborate folds. I couldn’t figure out how to wear it and wondered whether it was clothing at all.
I shrugged. My jeans were feeling stiff, so I took them off and changed into the shirt. I lay on the emerald drapery, shifting among its plenitude of pillows. I remembered the girl’s gesture at sleeping and realization dawned on me.
Just below the ceiling, a hook protruded from the wall. As I lay on the emerald drape, I pulled the rope, and the drape curved up with me and the cushions in it. As I pulled, the drape lifted me higher and higher towards the ceiling, so that soon I was looking down at the room, at the rug-covered floor strewn with cushions. The sik was lying in the shade, its side heaving gently with sleep. Between shafts of light, the pillars cast long shadows across the floor, and the silk drapes waved into the room on a hot breeze.
I raised myself until I could almost touch the high ceiling. I was surprised at how little effort it had taken to raise myself so high. I wrapped the rope around the wall hook and felt myself swing slightly on the green drape, cushioned by pillows, as though in an elaborate hammock hanging from the ceiling.
I inspected the knot around the hook one last time. Making sure it was secure, I sank beneath the mountain of cushions, drew a light sheet over myself, and slipped into a happy slumber.




Chapter 23


I woke to a chirping in my ear. A flutter of feathers flapped against my nose accompanied by a sharp prick poking at my eyelids. My face wrinkled as I batted it away. Perched at the edge of my hammock was a bird with indigo feathers, twittering merrily.
I looked down at the room. It was bathed in darkness. Only a wan light fell across the floor from outside. The rug was bare; someone had taken away the empty tray. How long had I been sleeping?
I untied the knot around the hook, lowering myself to the ground. The indigo bird tilted its head curiously before fluttering to perch on a fern hanging from the ceiling. Several more birds flew in to join it, chirping among the red flowers of hanging fronds.
Past the pillars, the orange lights of the city broke through the dark, extending into a black land. The last of the day was slipping away in a thin crimson line that reminded me of the Moreinen dawn. Overhead, the fading light revealed stars and the great arch of a crescent moon, so large it split the sky and seemed to touch the earth. The bloody line thinned and flickered out, as sudden as a blown-out candle. The land was plunged into night, and the colossal arch of the silver crescent dominated the landscape.
The air was colder. As I crossed the room, I was aware of the textured stones beneath my bare feet, like sandpaper. During the day, the stones had been cool, but now they held a peculiar warmth in the evening.
Cautiously, I drew back the tapestry door. In the empty hallway outside, nothing stirred. Only the moonlight lit the darkness. Quietly, I pattered across the hall to the adjacent tapestry door.
“Audrey?” I tapped on the tapestry fabric. Pushing gently, I found that it was latched from inside. I figured Audrey must still be asleep.
I didn’t want to disturb her, but I was wide awake. I wandered to the pillars at the end of the hall. The castle’s terraced gardens extended down towards the land. Within the foliage, golden flowers bloomed, their petals glowing like small suns in the night. Streams twisted through the grass. A shape leapt from the waters, with a flash of fins and an arched back, smooth and white with moonlight.
There was nothing else to do, so I hurried down a flight of steps to the terraced gardens.
I walked onto a veranda of stairs and pillars. In the quiet, only the gurgling of streams ran through the flowering earth. The golden petals bloomed throughout, intricate in a fragile radiance. Past the foliage, the next tier of the gardens stretched below.
Fireflies shimmered blue against the stars. Just visible, they extended over the flora in a living canopy. The paths were paved with brown stone, even but rough, grainy with sand. Pillars flanked the paths, supporting nothing but air; vines grew around the pillars, some golden with the bloom of flowers. The petals curved, tendrils curling from the flower’s center where its light was brightest. I could feel its radiance on my hand, and when I touched it, its petals shied away. The unearthly garden seemed a fairytale, and it was as though I wandered through a wonderland.
It seemed another lifetime when I was driving through the highways of Los Angeles. Los Angeles. I was in a world where there was no Los Angeles. I wondered what my family was doing now. Sleeping? Bloated from dinner? Passed out in front of the television? They would have watched a series of Christmas movies, ranging from The Nightmare Before Christmas to my own favorite, Scrooge. That was how things were, every Christmas season since I could remember. And now, for the first time, Christmas was different for me. I was in a place where there was no Christmas.
A warm Moreinen wind brought the scent of roasted nuts and cocoa. At first, I thought it was only the wind that stirred. Then a deer stepped into the moonlight, its golden-brown fur patterned with a swirl of stripes. It lifted its head, its horns curving around the sides of its slender face. Fireflies glittered around its angular head. With a high leaping bound, it disappeared into the trees at the other end of the path.
I listened for it again, but heard only the rippling of the garden streams.
There was a splash.
I held my breath. There was another splash, past the thick of the trees.
I sprinted down the stones, chasing the sounds. The scene broke open before me. I stopped at the end of the path. The terrace ended abruptly, the ground descending sharply into the lower gardens. Above the garden tiers, the crescent moon reigned over the dark sky, a white sickle surrounded by stars. On either side of me, the streams poured past the edge of the terrace, falling in waterfalls far onto the gardens below.
From the waterfalls, dolphins leapt, one after another, spilling from the waters and falling in arcs to the garden streams below. Their curving backs reflected the moonlight, the smooth rubber of their skins striped like a tiger’s, the patterns black against the tan of their flesh.
Beyond the edge of the final garden tier, the waters of the rivers coursed through the earth, rising like the ocean tide.
“The rivers’ tide is coming in.” Startled, I turned to see Hallain walking towards me, a pallid glow in the darkness. I wondered if he reflected the light of the moon, or if he gave a strange, natural radiance. “I saw you from up there.” He looked towards the palace windows, to the same set of pillars from where I had seen the gardens. “I came to wake you and Rylo, but you weren’t in your room.”
“Sorry. I wanted to explore –”
“There’s no need to apologize.” His words were open, airy on an Alhallren tongue. Around us, the dolphins still leapt through the waters, cascading into the lower gardens.
Uncertain how to reply, I asked the question that lingered in my mind. “How did you learn to speak English?”
“My sisters and I, we had a tutor when we were children. He was a philosopher who specialized in the philosophy of the gates. He studied your world closely. I was always a man of letters. So for the subject of the other worlds, he let me learn your language.” He paused, seeming to look back on images of his childhood. “He is retired. He doesn’t teach at the Krystalline anymore, but went into his own studies a few years ago in the Philosopher’s Corner. I miss Jesath sometimes.” His voice turned melancholy. His eyes focused far, to where the rivers rose so high, I was afraid the waters would swallow the city. But the waves curved around the city walls, pooling until the city was surrounded like an island in the sea.
I wanted to ask Hallain if he was allowed to return to Alhallra, but somehow I knew the answer was no. And I wondered if he felt his sacrifice had been worthwhile. However, as I watched him gazing at the rising rivers, with the dolphins swimming through the falls beside us, I knew he would change none of his actions.
He was so fair in the night. A thin golden band wound across his brow, like a halo that made him seem an angel in a night of stars. When he spoke, he answered the question he must have seen in my stare. “The Emperor Tekran says Moreina owes her life to me, so he’s adopted me as his son and as his heir.” And I understood the golden band was the crown of a prince.
We stood for a while, looking at the rivers spread in a sea across the distance. “Your rivers remind me of the ocean,” I remarked. “Only oceans rise up like that where I’m from.”
“Is that so? I vaguely remember learning that about your world. I knew it was strange, but forgotten how so. Here in Moreina, we believe the River Dabi is the blood of the goddess Reiya.”
“Reiya,” I mused. “That’s this city.”
“This city is Rei. But yes, it is named for Her, as is Moreina. Moreina means ‘the land of Reiya’.”
The last of the dolphins spilled into the gardens. Their patterned figures swam away, the glow of the moon on their backs. Soon the night was quiet, bare of their splashing fins.
“You have much to learn about our world,” Hallain said. He motioned me around so we walked back up the path. “My sister must be awake and ready by now,” he said. “We will have dinner, and then the two of you will be off towards Hallia; I’ve arranged for the border guards to let you through. Better go before all of Rei is awake and the sky is filled with hines.”
“What? What time is it?”
“I forgot. You must not know. It is usual to sleep in the day here, for it is so hot during the daytime. We eat breakfast in the morning and lunch before we sleep. We wake in the evening before supper. In a few hours, we would have the midnight meal. But you and Rylo would have gone by then,” he said. “It is customary to have four meals here – breakfast, lunch, dinner, and the midnight meal.”
“Oh, I’ve had midnight meals before,” I said. “I’ve eaten some strange things at midnight since I started college.” I chuckled, but quieted when he didn’t reciprocate the laughter.
“Well, Kevin, we could discuss each other’s worlds over dinner.” We arrived at the foot of the staircase leading up to the guest rooms. “I’ll have someone help you out of your sleeping-wear,” he said. I was suddenly aware of the large shirt I was still wearing. “I will see you in the dining hall,” he concluded.




Chapter 24


The serving maid with the long twist of auburn hair arrived in my guest room. She helped me into the convoluted lengths of white cloth that she had first brought in. The fabric draped around me, cool to the touch. Afterwards, she handed me my t-shirt and jeans in a plain brown sack. I draped the sack over my shoulder and followed her through the torch-lit palace, the folds of my robe fluttering as I walked, cooling me from the night’s heat.
We stopped before a high wall bearing an enormous tapestry. The red tapestry was sliced in half down the center. She swept it aside to reveal a vast hall beyond, and I went through into the orange glow.
The hall was so richly foliaged that, for a moment, I thought I had stepped outside. Fronds covered the walls and trees grew thick in the corners. The ceiling rose high, latticed in a pattern so the stars shone through. Directly beneath the ceiling, from the mouths of stone leopards, two thin waterfalls poured long on either side of me, falling into a pond that filled nearly the entire hall like a swimming pool. A platform floated in the center, covered with an elaborate rug, surrounded by stepping stones. At the far end, the walls opened into a set of pillars. The waters ran past the pillars into the night outside, feeding into a lake.
A statue of a woman stood at the lake’s edge. The moonlight lined the golden statue with silver, and it was apparent that she was intricately made, with bronze skin and a twirl of copper hair twisted behind her head. A white flower held her hair in place. Her pale robes were folded differently from mine, in a way that was somehow more feminine.
I was about to walk forward when a leopard emerged from the foliage. I stopped at the sight of it, cursing quietly at the abundance of giant cats that roamed the palace freely. The leopard passed me, its tail brushing against my legs. It leapt across the stepping stones before stopping to sit beside the golden statue. The statue moved its lustrous hand to stroke the leopard’s head.
At the sight of her gesture, I stood frozen.
The golden lady was looking at a white star. The star grew larger, nearer, and soon it materialized into a familiar shape – Audrey’s white beast. The creature landed on the lakeshore, stretching its wings as Audrey and Hallain climbed from its back. The lady received Hallain with a kiss, taking his arm in hers.
“Kevin, you look lovely in a Moreinen taris,” Audrey laughed at me.
“Why can’t I just wear jeans?” I muttered.
“Oh please, your clothes are torn and filthy.” Her own white robes flowed around her naturally. Her hair was wet and she smelled fresh with honey. She took my arm and guided me towards the stepping stones. Hallain and the lady were already on the floating platform.
“What? No kiss?” I joked.
She pinched my side in a way that was gentle for her, but I cringed and knew it would bruise tomorrow.
“They are devoted,” Audrey said, indicating her brother and the lady.
“What?”
“Devoted. It means… together, engaged, in a relationship, married – like that.”
“It’s all the same here?”
“Yes.”
I walked across the stepping stones with the waters lapping at my feet. The stones slid slightly, like lily pads in a pond, and I noticed they floated on the waters.
“Come and have a seat on the dining rug,” Hallain said, patting the carpet. He gestured to the lady who wore a golden band across her forehead, the same as his. “This is Caliri, daughter of Tekran’s cousin in the West. I’m sorry to say that Tekran is not well enough to join us this evening.”
As he spoke, a line of male servants filed into the hall, wearing only white pants that billowed out to their knees. Their heads were completely shaved. They held platters at their shoulders as they came over the stepping stones, the flames shining in a gloss on their bronze bodies. They placed the platters on the rug before filing out, disappearing beyond the great tapestry.
Each platter was warmed by spheres of orange fire dotted around the food. On some dishes, the fire was sprinkled over the cuisine like embers.
“Kevin and I were going to continue our discussion over dinner,” Hallain remarked.
“Oh, really?” Audrey raised her eyebrows from behind a seashell that she held to her lips. She sipped from the shell as if from a bowl, warming sparks flickering on the shell’s underside.
“Yes,” Hallain turned to me. “You had an interest in Reiya.”
“Um, that’s right. Tell me more about Rylo – Reiya!”
Caliri sat around the corner of the rug next to me and the leopard crept up to sidle against her. The cat was enormous, far larger than a leopard from home. This close, I saw that what I had taken for spots on its coat were instead swirls of lines. Caliri plucked a shrimp from her dish and fed it to the cat.
There was a sudden silence. I realized Hallain had been speaking and was waiting for my reply. “Uh, yes,” I nodded. I picked up a clay cup and took a sip, hoping I’d deceived him into thinking I’d been listening.
It seemed to work, for Hallain gladly continued, “So you want to hear it? It’s a traditional Moreinen song, often used to tell the Legend of Origins. By Her blood, I don’t know if I could translate it.”
As Hallain spoke, I felt Caliri’s eyes on me, puzzling over me. Her honeyed eyes peered over the red leaf that she held on her palm. When she saw I’d caught her staring, she rolled some meat into the leaf and hastily stuffed it into her mouth, dropping her gaze.
“I’ll give it a try,” Hallain was saying, and cleared his throat. He began haltingly to sing a strange tune:
In the beginning, the Sun had two children, Earth and Moon. She favored the younger son, Moon, and gave him her light.
Because of that, Earth was grieved, and turned from the Sun into the darkness. And that is why we have night.
After Earth left, Moon missed his older brother and left the Sun to follow Earth into the darkness. That is why the Moon becomes darkened into its crescent forms.
For the loss of her children, Sun grieved, crying tears that became the Stars. It was from the Stars that rains fell, and all life on Earth grew from the rains of the Sun’s tears.
From a drop of rain, the girl Tura fell from the Stars to the desert that was Moreina. In the desert, she was hungry but had no food, so she prayed to the goddess Reiya.
Reiya heard Tura’s cries and transformed herself into a tigress.
The tigress spilt her own blood and told the girl to drink her blood that the girl may have life.
As the tigress lay dying, her blood coursed over the lands and became the Dabi. Because Reiya’s blood was so full of life, the girl drank of it and became pregnant, and she gave birth to the people who became Moreinans.
“Brother, that was a lovely translation,” Audrey chimed, between mouthfuls.
“That is why tigers are sacred to Moreina,” Hallain said, with a nod to the leopard beside him.
“Brother, that part of your translation was not so accurate. He means all large cats,” Audrey explained to me. “From lions to tigers to leopards. All of them. Of course, we don’t have lions and tigers exactly the way your world does. But you get the point.”
“I see,” I said. I sipped at the amber tea again. The fragrance of it warmed my face. It tasted like syrup mixed with chocolate and nuts.
“How’s your coca tea?” Audrey asked. “I think you have the sweet nut flavor. Try it with the berry grapes.”
Obediently, I dipped a grape into a swirl of red sauce as Hallain said, “Tell us about the religion of your world, Kevin.”
I struggled to speak against the tang of the grape that was pinching my mouth. I could feel the heat of Audrey’s wry smile. “Uh, we have many religions,” I managed. Quickly, I rinsed down the grape with a sweet wash of coca tea.
“Your main one, it’s very interesting. I believe you call it – science?”
I swallowed a mouthful of tea, its warm spices filling me with a sleepy pleasure. “Um… It’s not really a religion.”
As we talked, dolphins swam near our floating platform, their striped dorsal fins cutting through the waters. We swayed as the dolphins bumped against the stone platform.
“Really? It seems to be a philosophy of belief,” Hallain said.
I tried to remember Audrey’s argument against science back in my Berkeley room, on a day that seemed so long ago. “I’ve taken a lot of science classes and it’s the truth, not –” I stopped as I wondered what science could explain the impossible world that surrounded me.
He swept up some rice with a slice of unleavened bread. “I don’t understand how it could not be a religion. It’s a system of thought about our existence, like any other.”
I poked at the rice with a wooden skewer, holding a grain to a sphere of flame in the dish. I could see through the amber grain to the fire behind it. “It’s just – different,” I finally said, lamely.
“We believe that all the world’s religions are different ways of looking at one truth. Science seems to be the same, giving a truth, only dispassionately compared to other religions.” He sliced his fish with a skewer. The fish was blanketed in a layer of red seasoning. He wrapped the bite of fish with crimson pasta before eating it with a swallow. My own handling of the skewers felt clumsy in comparison.
“So where does all your seafood come from?” I asked, hoping to change the conversation.
“Almost all our food comes from the Dabi, even our grains are sown within the Dabi’s silt. When the Dabi rises, the grasses of our grains can still be seen above the river waters.”
I felt a splash on the back of my neck. I looked up to see the dolphins leaping over us in an arch, spraying us with droplets before landing in the waters on the other side.
“Those are tiger fish, to give a bad translation,” Hallain informed.
“Back home, our dolphins are grey,” I said. “But here, everything’s some shade of gold.”
“That is why we’re known as the Land of Sky,” he said. “Because Moreina is gold like the sun, and Alhallra is silver like the moon.”
“Speaking of the moon, look at the time,” Audrey interjected. She glanced past the pillars to where the crescent moon had moved across the night, displaying itself in a perfect reflection on the black waters of the lake. “If Kevin and I don’t hurry off, we’ll be eating right through the midnight meal.”
Audrey reached for a plate topped with spheres of auburn leaves. She placed a few into my brown sack. I figured it was food that Audrey wanted on our journey.
Together, we crossed back over the stepping stones, the dorsal fins of the tiger fish gliding through the waters at my feet. The dolphins followed us outside, swimming into the lake, rippling the crescent reflection of the moon.
On the lakeshore, Audrey’s white beast looked exactly as it had been in the touch. Except now, it had materialized into the world before me. Somehow, that made it more beautiful. In its shadow, the murmur of Audrey’s and Hallain’s voices drifted in soft Alhallren words. Caliri stood nearby, lovely and silent, studying me with golden eyes.
Within the hall, a giant black cat was stalking along the walls. I thought it was a sik at first, but I looked again and saw that it resembled a panther with a short black mane cropped down its back. It peered at us with bright yellow eyes and moved past the pillars to drink from the lake’s edge, lapping up the reflection of the moon. Near the dining platform, a golden leopard with tiger stripes materialized from the foliage.
Relief swept over me when Audrey gave her brother a parting embrace and mounted the white hine. I couldn’t wait to put more distance between me and the cats.
“Thanks for having me over,” I said to Hallain. “Your place is beautiful, and your pets are – amazing.”
“Pets?”
“These creatures – the tiger fish, the cats and birds – are all free to roam,” Audrey said from atop the hine. “They’re not quite pets. They’re at least half-wild.”
I glanced nervously at the giant feral cats lounging in the dining hall. “Well, thank you,” I said again. I stuck out my hand for a handshake, but Hallain only blinked at it, puzzled.
“Kevin, just get up here.” Audrey pulled me up by my robes and seated me behind her, at a pleasant height from the cats below. “Goodbye, brother,” she said. “I’ll visit often. This is rather a pretty place after all.”
And with a sweep of wings, we lifted into the sky, the spiced lands of Moreina falling away into the night beneath us.




Chapter 25


“Kevin, you should sleep on this flight,” Audrey’s voice called back to me. We were gliding right beneath the stars, the scent of Moreina still lingering around us. On either side, Ly’s wings stretched pale over the clouds.
“But I’ve just slept all day.”
“This is going to be a long flight.”
“What about you?”
She laughed, the wind sweeping her laugh into the stars. “Don’t worry. I don’t need you to drive.”
“Very funny. But I’ll stay awake. I’m not tired.” Beneath me, Ly’s skin was smooth and cool compared to the harsh leather of the horned hine. We flew on, the night brushing against us. A drowsiness began to press in on the corners of the sky. A fresh heaviness filled my limbs.
I felt myself waking to a rosy dawn. Through blinking eyes, I glimpsed the first pink lights, and heard the morning birds through a muffled yawn. I realized with a start I’d been sleeping against Audrey’s shoulder, my cheek smushed on her, almost drooling on her Moreinen clothes.
I lifted my head with a jerk. “Sorry,” I mumbled.
The spiced Moreinen wind had faded into a clear air. A breeze blew around the clouds through a clean pale sky. I ventured a luxurious stretch as we turned through the dawn, my hands reaching into golden shafts of new light.
“Morning,” Audrey’s voice rang.
“How long have I been asleep?” I clutched at the mess of my hair tangled from the wind, another yawn threatening at the corners of my jaw.
“Kevin, look at the sky. You’ve slept through the whole night. That coca tea must have done its trick on you.”
We soared through a flock of birds, their pale feathers filling the sky around us. The last of them flew past, disappearing into the glow of dawn. Over the horizon, a few stars still lingered in the remaining night.
“You woke up just in time,” Audrey said.
“We’re there? At Hallia?”
“Not yet, but we’re in Alhallra. We’ll make a rest stop at the Philosopher’s Corner, so Ly doesn’t get exhausted.”
We descended through a blanket of clouds and a land of green earth opened below. A forest of yellow-green leaves faded into a swath of morning mist. Beside the trees was a great field of sunflowers, the flowers’ faces tilted towards the sunrise.
We flew low over the sunflowers, swaying their orange heads with the breeze from Ly’s wings. We landed on a small path of grass running between the sunflowers and the forest.
I jumped down over Ly’s wing, but stumbled and fell into a heap.
My face flushed as Audrey burst into laughter. “Don’t you play sports? Aren’t athletes supposed to have fast reflexes?”
“Hey, I’m a swimmer, not a flyer.” I dusted myself off, hurrying after her into the forest.
In the daylight past the trees’ shade, I could see Ly opening her wings and flying away. We continued deeper into the forest until we were completely swallowed by the shadows of the foliage. The orange sunflowers had disappeared entirely behind a thick tangle of trees. The only light squeezed through clusters of dense leaves overhead, illuminating the dark in thin showers of sunlight.
“Where are we?”
“We’re in a part of the Vallian Forest called the Philosopher’s Corner. Many philosophers live here because of the Stars of the Crescent.”
“The what?”
“The Stars of the Crescent. It’s a constellation in the shape of a crescent moon. The Crescent’s our symbol of knowledge, so the philosophers hope it’ll inspire them if they live right beneath it. We’re going to stay with Jesath. You’ll like him. He’ll be fascinated to see you.”
“Sure.” An uneasiness pricked my stomach. I could picture myself being gawked over and stared at again.
As we walked, the trees became stranger and stranger, twisting into the oddest shapes, their trunks swelling, bulging with fat bulbous knobs. We stopped at an enormous tree, its large roots protruding from the ground. The trunk folded in on itself in haphazard layers, and we stood right in front of a great folded cleft.
“Jesath?” Audrey knocked on the tree bark. “Open up. I know you’re in there. I can hear you shuffling.”
“No! No one’s here! Go away!” A muffled voice sounded from inside the tree.
“Come, you can’t take me for such a fool.” Audrey knocked again. “I’ve got a surprise for you.”
“A surprise?”
There was a sudden scraping like a giant grinding of teeth. I heard pattering, followed by silence. I was dumbfounded. Despite the sounds, nothing seemed to have happened. Then I glanced down. And gave a tremendous start.
A tiny old man was looking up at me through huge glasses. The glasses enlarged his eyes past the edge of his face. He was no taller than my knee and completely draped in a red shirt that trailed behind him, hanging far over his hands. His shirt reminded me of pajamas. He had a grey beard and a length of hair that flowed over him from underneath a little hat that sat on his head like an inverted red cup. At the sight of each other, we both leapt back with a cry.
“Oh my goodness,” Jesath said slowly, when he recovered. He peered at me with his enormous eyes, a white glare sliding over his glasses. “One’s come over!” He turned to Audrey and gave another start, leaping a foot into the air. “Ryloha!” he cried.
“Who did you think I was?”
She picked him up and embraced him as if he were a teddy bear. When he was back on the ground, he replied, “Certainly not you! I would never have expected you here all of a sudden.”
“Yes, there was some trouble and I had to go by way of a Moreinen gate. Thought I’d stop here before returning to Hallia.”
“So who’s the surprise? You or him?” He gestured to me with a thumb protruding from beneath his red shirtsleeve.
“Both of us.” Audrey tilted her head to me with a wink of her silver eyes.
“Come in! Come in! You must tell me.” With that, he hopped in quick little steps towards the cleft in the bark, his red shirt trailing. “My goodness, Ryloha. Your English has become so good!”
I had to bend over to avoid hitting my head as we made our way through a short tunnel in the tree. At the end, past a round doorway, there was a warm glow, with cushions and blankets lying in the light.
We stepped into the room, the ceiling arching just high enough so I could stand. The whole room was circular, furnished with an assortment of pillows, plump and colorful, some sewn with images of a crescent moon. Quilted pictures of trees and flowers hung askew on the curving walls. At one end, a wooden ledge stuck out from the wall like a table, topped with gadgets and handkerchiefs. Cushioned stools sprinkled the space between the pillows on the floor. A staircase curved around the bend, ascending into the tree.
“Ah, Jesath, you’ve changed nothing,” Audrey remarked.
Jesath was at the entrance, hanging upside down from the ceiling, tugging at a rope attached to a round slab of wood. He looked over his shoulder. “Oh yes! The place is always perfectly decorated. Please! Please! Make yourselves comfortable.” The knotted rope gave way and the round wood flipped into its place over the entrance like a door. Jesath tumbled to the ground.
“There,” he said, getting up and patting himself down. “I really should get something for that door. Maybe a hiddlebegibit will make it flip more easily.” He hummed to himself as he hopped to the ledge of gadgets and began fiddling with the instruments.
We stood aimlessly before Audrey gave a soft cough. Jesath started up from beneath a pile of gadgets, “Oh yes! Nearly forgot!” He darted like a bee from the ledge, fluttering around fluffing the pillows. I had to shield myself from a barrage of cushions that Jesath threw our way. I found myself nearly buried.
“Jesath, that’s enough! We have enough pillows,” Audrey laughed.
The shower of cushions stopped. Jesath peered at us through his magnified glasses. “Oh yes, I haven’t had guests in a while. Never know how many pillows to give ‘em.”
“These are fine, Jesath,” Audrey said, as she seated herself on a pile of cushions.
Jesath was whizzing around again, like an insect, dashing in streaks of his red pajamas. “Anything to drink, m’littles? Anything to drink? Some fairies’ blood?”
“Oh no, Jesath. It’s far too early to be so giddy.”
“Fairies’ blood?” I asked.
“Oh! M’boy! You’ll love it! Best drink in all the worlds! Let me pour you a cup!” He zipped to a cupboard in the wall.
“Jesath,” Audrey interrupted, “actually, I was thinking about taking Kevin to the Philosopher’s Market. We could also get something there for dinner tonight.”
He had the cupboard half-opened, and to my dismay, he closed it. His magnified eyes peeped at us from his little face. “Right! Maybe a hen or two. And some pies! The children will love it.”
“And Kevin could do with a translator. I know you could manage one, Jesath.”
“Oh yes! M’boy! How I would love to show you my bobbits!” He dashed to the table ledge in a streak of red. At an inclination of Audrey’s head, I moved to stand next to him.
I recoiled as the table sprang open, spraying its contents everywhere. Gadgets flew past my head as I ducked. Screws hit my face before my head was draped over by a handkerchief. I didn’t have to turn around to know that Audrey was grinning. With a sigh, I pulled the handkerchief off.
“Sorry ‘bout that, m’boy.” Jesath had his back turned, rummaging through a heap of gadgets. “I always forget to warn people,” he mumbled.
The table had opened into a shelf with devices of every conceivable shape and size. Some sparkled with vibrant colors like gems, others looked dull; some were simple, while others were dizzyingly convoluted.
Jesath stood on a stool, his little hands fiddling over gadgets that looked bigger than he could carry. He jingled a small something here, poked at a bit of metal there, polished a screw or two with a handkerchief, humming and muttering the whole time.
Curious, I picked up a plain wooden box on the shelf.
“Oh no! Put that down!” With a force I would not have guessed possible, he jerked the box from my grasp. “That was exactly what happened! I was so careless. This exact box! Ooohhh! Always too eager to show my bobbits!” He shook his head reprovingly as he replaced the box back on the shelf.
“It’s alright, Jesath. You can show Kevin. And don’t be so hard on yourself. No one blames you.”
“Sorry,” I said.
“Oh no.” His beard and hair drooped almost comically. “It’s not you. It’s just a whole war was lost because I couldn’t keep track of my bobbits.” With a flick of his wrist, the lid flipped open. Lining the inside of the box was an assortment of gold and silver rings. I realized they were gate keys.
“You made all these?” I traced the engraving on one, wondering which world it led to.
“Oh yes,” he said, an excitement bubbling in him. He shook himself, his grey beard and hair trembling in swirls around his head. His face stiffened before it broke into a grin, and he hummed a few notes merrily to himself. “Look at them, m’boy! Aren’t they a marvel!” He picked up the box of keys and thrust it back in my arms, leaning over my elbow to gape at the keys with his enormous glasses. “Oh, that was a… mmm…” he groped for a translation, “that was a… a precise key. That one that you were touching. Read its engraving and it tells you which gate it opens! That one goes to the gate right outside. To Berkeley, where I believe you’re from, m’boy.”
“How did you know?” I stuttered.
“That was where Ryloha was.” He winked at me. “Educated guess.” My gaze strayed back to the silver ring and he guessed at my thoughts. “Want to go home, m’boy?” he asked.
“We could send you back right now,” Audrey joked from the cushions.
“Not yet,” I said. “I’d definitely like to stay awhile longer.”
“And well you should! Lots for you to see. We’ve never had a visitor from another world before. Oh! Watch your thumb there! You nearly made it fall out!” He adjusted my thumb so it was far away from any of the keys, righting a key that my wayward thumb had apparently jarred. “This one is a… oohh… common key! That’s it! Can open any public gate!” He patted the smooth golden ring with his finger. “Gold for any gate in Moreina, and silver for any gate in Alhallra,” he said, and tucked the key farther down into its place. “This here is a universal key. A master key that can open any gate in the lands.” He held up a silver ring made of a helix pattern. “Only for certain authorized people.” He smiled, and I guessed that he was one of them. For a moment, he seemed far away, beaming merrily. There was a coughing from the cushions where Audrey sat. Jesath snapped to attention, “Oh! But, m’boy! We should get you a translator!”
I took a last look at the silver Berkeley key; strange that Berkeley was so close, and yet so far. I snapped the box lid shut and put it back on the shelf.
“Yes, yes. Should be only a matter of readjusting the bits.” Jesath continued muttering to himself, shuffling through the gadgets. “Ah yes, quite a good one we have here for you.” He pulled a tiny loop of metal from a pile of contraptions and held it to my earlobe. “Oh! It’s nice! It is!” He used a thin rod to probe at the metal loop; with his back turned to me, the end of the rod protruded over his shoulder, quivering like a car antenna. “Just have to fiddle with it,” he mumbled through his constant humming.
With a speed I didn’t anticipate, he lunged at me. A prick of pain seared through my earlobe and I stumbled back, clutching my ear.
“Ow!” I grabbed at the pain.
“Oh! Don’t worry! The pain will go away soon.” He hopped towards me on the floor, hovering around my knee.
I touched my ear tenderly. The metal had been inserted into my earlobe and curved below the bottom of my ear. “I have an earring.”
“That’s a translator, m’boy,” he said. “That one’s normally used when we go into your world, but a simple matter of reversal will make it work here for you.”
I poked at it. “My parents are going to kill me.” Audrey was covering her mouth with suppressed laughter. I shot her an angry look. “Do I really need a translator?”
“Of course! We can’t have you frolicking all over Alhallra not understanding a word. How would you get by? Why, you would be as lost as – as…”
“As I would be in another country back home.”
“Ah, yes. I never understood how your kind gets by without translators. Makes life much easier.”
“Tell him how to use it,” Audrey said.
“Very simple. You just have to wear it! Fiddle around with it, if you want. Could give you different volume and clarity depending on where you are. But you’ll only hear the translation through that ear – unless I give you one on your other ear.” Before he could fully reach for another translator, I caught him by his long red sleeve.
“No, that’s fine. I’m good.”
“Are you sure, m’boy? Might be confounding hearing Alhallran in one ear and English in the other!”
“I’m sure I’ll manage,” I said.
“Ah, boy! It is amazing that you are here! The light bends around you so differently! As though you were still in your own world. None of the Alhallren fairness about you at all. None at all!” As he spoke, he slid a spherical glass from the shelves and began studying me through it, as if through a microscope.
“Jesath, thank you so much.” I felt relieved as Audrey came to rescue me from becoming a guinea pig. “We should be off to the market.”
The glass sphere blew up like a balloon in Jesath’s hands. His face was magnified enormously as he examined me. His gigantic eyes blinked several times before Audrey cleared her throat loudly. The sphere deflated with a whizzing noise to the size of a golf ball, and Jesath slipped it into a pocket in his red pajamas. “Oh yes! To the market! Here’s some money. No need to pay me back, m’dear! Your father’s paid me well enough.” He scrambled around and dropped a small bag onto Audrey’s palm. “Ryloha, you know the way!”
“You don’t want to come?”
“I have work here!”
“How did I know you would say that?”
“Take the eira!” Jesath said. “Don’t trouble your hine in the woods.” He tossed several items over his shoulder at Audrey. She caught them as they flew over: two reeds, along with ropes. “You did ride your hine here?” Jesath raised a grey eyebrow crookedly over one of his large lenses.
“Yes, Ly is as fine as ever.”
Before she had finished her reply, he had flittered to the circular door and flipped it back up to the ceiling. “Thought you’d pick up Ly if you were in Moreina,” he said.
I went with Audrey out the round doorway, ducking into the tunnel. As we left, he called behind us, “Yes! Yes, have fun at the market, m’littles! I would come, but I have work!” He patted his pocket where he’d slipped the glass sphere. I wondered if he’d taken measurements of me already. But before I could contemplate the issue further, we emerged from the folds of the tree into the forest beyond.




Chapter 26


We stood beneath the twisting tree boughs as Audrey blew into one of the reeds. It made a lilting sound.
“Here.” She thrust the other reed into my hand.
I made a high whistle before I asked, taking the reed out of my mouth, “Wait, why do we need two of these?”
“One for each eira.”
“You mean –”
A pair of eira came running towards us through the bushes, their presence amazing. They were both a beautiful nightblue. One stretched its long neck towards me, the plumage on its head falling over its black eyes. I stroked the rich feathers of its wings. The feathers bent beneath my touch, the warmth of the animal flooding into the palm of my hand.
“It’s real,” I breathed. The eira tossed its head several times, opened its beak and blew a jet of dark fire.
“Of course they’re real.” Audrey had tied the ropes around her eira’s head; the lengths of it draped across the bird’s neck and curved loosely over its back. She came over and strapped ropes onto my eira. “Hop on. Take the reins, Kevin,” she said, with a twist of her smile.
“I don’t know how to ride these.”
She looked at me with her arms crossed, as if about to sigh. “There’s no need to burden one eira with two riders when there’re two eira to share the load. You’ll be fine. Now, do you want me to help you up, or do you think you can manage?”
“I’ll try my best,” I said.
“Hold it steady – foot in the curve of the reins where it dips near the wing. Then take a leap.” She walked to her eira and hoisted herself up in an easy swing.
“Great,” I muttered. I took hold of the reins and, with a deep breath, tried to imitate Audrey’s leap.
The creature protested loudly, crying with spurts of flame as I fell to the ground, dragging the reins with me. The bird’s neck bent awkwardly as I tried to untangle my leg from the reins; its eyes glared at me, its forked tongue flicking out through curls of smoke. Beside my head, I saw Audrey’s feet standing in the grass. “I – I might need a little help,” I said.
“If I knew I was risking a broken eira’s neck, I would’ve insisted in the first place,” she sighed. She untangled me and practically threw me onto the creature’s back, as if I were a pack on a donkey.
“I’m glad you had my best interest in mind,” I said, my face warm with a blush. I shifted on the creature’s back; it was a comfortable seat, sitting on top of feathers.
Audrey rode her eira next to mine. “Here’s some string to hang your reed around your neck. Keep it with you so you won’t lose your eira. An eira will always be near its reed; if you see a reed, you can be sure an eira is within hearing range.”
I threaded my reed and draped it around my neck.
“The commands can be different for each eira,” she continued. “But for yours, it’s simple. A short whistle for fast and a long whistle for slow. If you want your eira to go faster, short whistles.” She blew staccatos into her reed. “Slower, long whistles.” She blew a sustained sound.
My eira was busy poking at the dirt with its beak, oblivious to Audrey’s reed commands.
“Your eira is trained to respond only to your reed. It won’t respond to mine,” Audrey said, guessing the question in my thoughts. “Imagine how confusing that would be in a group, if every eira responded to everyone’s whistle.”
I nodded comprehension. “What about flying?”
“I don’t think you’re ready for that, Kevin. Not until you can get on and off without help.” As my face flushed with a fresh warmth, she added, “But if you have to know, it’s a lilt up to ascend and lilt down to descend.” She demonstrated with her reed. “But basics first, Kevin.”
“Right,” I mumbled, trying to will away the pink in my cheeks.
“Grab the reins to turn in the direction you want.” She pulled her reins to the right and left. “And just a simple two shorts to start.” She blew two staccatos and I mimicked her on my reed.
Immediately, my eira raced off through the woods with me clutching the reins. I turned back to see Audrey disappearing into the forest.
“Whoa! Kevin, wait for me!” she cried, her voice little in the distance.
I ducked as branches whipped past, wind lashing my hair. It was like flying through the woods, the leaves dissolving into green streaks. “You have to catch up, Audrey!” I called.
“Hey!” She was suddenly riding beside me, a grin breaking across her face. “Let’s see if you can catch up.” She gave a lilting command and her eira sprinted forward, its short tail flicking as it raced ahead.
I took up Audrey’s challenge and blew staccatos into my whistle. I burst ahead with an exhilarating speed, chasing after her. The woods sped past me, and I covered the ground as if my eira ran on air.
Audrey’s Moreinen gown flowed out, flapping in pale folds over her eira’s dark plumage. She looked over her shoulder, her black hair whipping across her face. Grinning through her hair, she whistled a command. Her eira sprinted faster, light and quick. I followed, blowing furiously on my reed.
We raced through the forest, our whistles filling the trees. Wind slashed at my taris, sending it billowing around my legs. A momentary optimism seized me when I saw that I was catching up to Audrey. I pushed ahead until I pulled up beside her.
“We’re almost there,” she said.
My optimism vanished as I realized she had slowed. Sunlight speckled her pale face, lighting her hair. The foliage had become thinner, letting more light fall into the woods. Soon we arrived upon a strange sight.
“Welcome to the Philosopher’s Market,” Audrey said.
Beneath the shade of the trees were tremendous flowers the size of houses. Some were blossoming, their great petals unfurling in the dappled light. Butterflies swirled through little buttercups dotting the grass. On the ground, slabs of colored stone paved the way for pedestrians of all shapes and sizes. Some resembled Jesath, while others were of human height, with pale Alhallren features, draped in an assortment of cloaks and attires. Many animals mingled with the masses. The crowds walked in and out of the enormous flowers that towered like closed tulip buds.
“You can buy almost anything here,” Audrey said. She dismounted and I did the same with a cautious leap. The bed of buttercups was soft underfoot as I landed. “Jesath buys nearly all the supplies for his instruments here at the market.”
“There’re some people here who look like Jesath,” I said. I took my eira by the reins as she led hers through the crowds.
“Yup. Pygmies. There are a lot of pygmies in this region of Alhallra. Most of them live in the Sun Fields, but Jesath became a philosopher, so he moved to the Philosopher’s Corner after he retired from my father’s employment. We gave these eira to him before he left the Krystalline, as a parting gift. Here we are.” She stood before a flower bud that loomed over us, thin and straight, pale with thick petals and an austere air.
“What are these things?”
“They’re shops,” she said, as if they were the most natural and obvious things.
We left the eira lingering on the path as Audrey parted a petal and stepped into the flower. We wound through the flower petals, turning towards the center of the bud. The petals enclosed us on either side, glowing gently with the light from outside.
We arrived at the center of the flower bud. The petals ascended like walls around a circular space; the room had a radiance from the daylight that seeped past the brown-speckled petals. Above, the flower came to a tip, while below, the petals scooped into a swirling floor, meeting with pollen stems in the middle. The scent of the flower filled the air with sweet vanilla. Arranged throughout the room were fur coats. An old lady with a walking stick came forward to greet us.
“qufahs kahm hy fehlr iouo quhyh soubahi?” she asked. What can I help you with today?
“gots ah kouahs houp hhyt doui fehpeh,” Audrey answered. Just a coat for this boy here.
The English poured into my ear from the translator. I wondered if others could hear it. But if they did, they made no sign.
The old lady studied me, squinting so hard her eyes were hidden behind her puckered eyelids. “This is an odd one. I’ve never seen anyone look like him before. So young to have lost his fairness,” I heard her say. The English mingled with the light sounds of Alhallran, as though the lady spoke Alhallran to me in one ear and English to me in the other. “Come along, dear,” she motioned to me. “Come along.”
She bustled to a line of coats, flinging a coat over me then looking me up and down through her puckered eyelids. She shook her head, muttering something that my translator couldn’t pick up. As she busied herself through another rack of coats, I looked at Audrey.
“I need a coat?” I asked.
Audrey’s smile curved into a deep corner of her cheek. “If you’re coming with me to Hallia, it’s cold up there.”
“Ah,” I said.
The lady came back and wrapped another coat around me. This time she nodded as she brought me a mirror. It was a long white coat, the fur soft. “Deer fur,” she said.
“Do you like it?” Audrey asked.
“It’s great,” I nodded. It was so warm, as if it generated its own heat.
“Okay, we’ll take it.” Audrey gave the old lady some coins. The lady thanked us before we left, the coat slung over my shoulder.
“Let me pay you and Jesath back for this,” I pressed as we emerged onto the crowded market street.
Audrey laughed. “Are you going to pay us in Alhallren silvers?” She tossed the bag of coins to me. I opened the pouch and took out a coin. It was a translucent silver-white heptagon, thin and frosted with a seven-pointed star.
“We admittedly don’t have many of these in the States,” I said.
“Very funny, Kevin.” She held out her hand and I gave the pouch back.
“Can’t you maybe think how much this coat’s worth? Estimate?”
“I don’t know the current exchange rate between the US dollar and the Alhallren silver.”
“Now who’s being funny.” I pushed through a jostle in the crowds to keep up with her. “I meant, think of something you might like from my world that would kinda equal the price of this coat.”
“I can’t think of anything,” she said simply, and moved along.
She stopped at a giant lily. The flower blossomed, a stark contrast to the buds around it. Across the lily, various dead birds hung upside down from thin lines, still unplucked and brilliantly feathered. A plump lady sat on a pollen stem in the middle of the flower, one of the lily’s petals unfurling in front of her onto the grass. She folded her hands on the petal and looked at us expectantly.
“We’ll take these two hens,” Audrey said, after a quick appraisal.
The lady was staring at me, her beetle eyes tiny but wide with curiosity. Audrey’s statement seemed to recall her to herself. “Oh yes. Right away,” she said. She hurried two hens from a line. She tied a hen by the feet to each end of a stick. Audrey hoisted the stick across her shoulder with the hens dangling.
“Which way to the sweets shop?” Audrey asked. She gave a few coins to the lady, who pointed down a curving path. With that, we continued away, the lady staring after me.
The sweets shop was a rose bud nestled in a corner of the market that was less crowded. We turned through the folds of the petals, the light falling around us in pink shafts. Inside, the petal walls were lined with shelves of candy. The room was dark with a soft crimson glow. A single column of light fell from an opening in the ceiling where the petals parted slightly at the tip of the bud, unwrapping in the beginning of a bloom.
A woman with rosy cheeks that matched her shop greeted us. Her bun of hair bobbed happily on her head. I browsed the shelves of colored candies while Audrey talked with her. The sounds of their Alhallran mingled with muffled English in my ears. Although the woman spoke with Audrey, every now and then I caught her snatching glimpses of me over Audrey’s shoulder.
We left the shop with a pouch of sweets that Audrey gave me to inspect. Pulling it open, I saw it was filled with tiny pies the size of pennies.
“Cool. Could I try one?”
“Go ahead, Kevin.”
I took one out. It was the exact miniature of a pie, complete with golden-brown crust. It even felt warm, toasted, between my fingers. Little curls of smoke lifted from it and a baked scent wafted towards me. I popped it into my mouth. I could taste the warm filling of cherries, sweet and delicious, melting in the golden crust.
“Mmmmm…” I grinned. “A flavor that far surpasses its size.”
We had reached our eira. They were still near the edges of the market where we’d left them. Audrey extended her palm for the pouch. “Try not to grin like that, Kevin; people are staring. And hand over the pouch. I have a feeling if you kept it, there’d be nothing left for Jesath and the kids when we get back.” She snatched it away and pocketed it in the folds of her gown. “Now, do you need me to help you onto your eira?”
A warm feeling of happiness was spreading through my stomach. Despite what Audrey had said, I couldn’t wipe the grin from my face. The warmth ran down my legs and through my arms. Soon, I felt as if I were nestled in the comforting scents of a bakery – warm, full, and cozy. A contentedness filled my chest and I couldn’t stop smiling.
“Ahhhh,” I sighed dreamily. I tottered stupidly towards my eira, took its reins, and made a leap.
But I plummeted to the ground, spraying buttercups everywhere, crushing the flowers beneath me. Most of the happiness was knocked out with my fall, but some of it still lingered, happy in my stomach.
Audrey was smiling down at me, amusement twitching at her lips. “Oh, Kevin. Looks like you can’t hold your pie,” she said.
I groaned as she helped me to my feet, the last of the happiness turning into a dull ache. “What did I eat?”
“Pies,” she said.
“They’re not like the pies from back home.”
“They’re candied pies,” she said. “They make you feel warm and contented. If you’re not used to them, you might become too happy, overly optimistic, and… well… misjudge things.” She looked at my eira. “You were nowhere near the eira,” she said.
“Thanks.” I brushed buttercups from my legs. I could still feel a tickling in my stomach and wondered if it was the happiness from the pie. “Maybe you should help me up,” I said grudgingly.
So she threw me onto the bird like a sack. The next thing I knew, we were riding back through the woods. There was no race this time; we simply moved at a comfortable pace, and I was careful not to fall. As she rode, Audrey balanced the hens with the stick on her shoulder. The hens swayed, their bright feathers of every color illuminated to a sheen in the sunlight. As we returned through the dappled woods, a happiness swelled in my chest that I was sure had nothing to do with the pies.




Chapter 27


Back at Jesath’s, I rolled up my new coat and placed it in my Moreinen bag, which I tossed onto a pile of cushions.
Jesath had folded the shelves back into the table ledge. He sat at the ledge on a stool, tinkering with some object. Audrey had gone up the stairs in the corner.
“Would you mind if I had a look around?”
“Oh, mmm…” His voice came mumbling from among his tinkering. He didn’t bother to look up. “Go ahead, m’boy. Just right up those stairs… right up those stairs.”
So I followed the curve of the steps up into the tree. Along the wall of the staircase little round windows opened into the forest beyond. Twilight was falling over the world. As I climbed higher, I could see the tops of the woodland trees outside, their bulbous trunks turning into gnarled silhouettes. In the shade, fireflies danced.
Opposite the windows, on the other side of the twisting staircase, were circular wooden doors. At times, I heard scurrying sounds behind them. I stopped at the first one and knocked, wondering if Audrey was inside, but no one answered. At the very top, the steps led to just one small door. The round door only reached to my waist, so I had to bend to knock on it.
“Come in!”
It sounded like Audrey. Unfortunately, there was no doorknob to be seen, only a knot of rope sticking out from the center. I fiddled with it for a moment and succeeded in flipping the door open. It swung up towards me and I ducked beneath it.
A cluttered room greeted me. It was shaded in the dusk, with a jumble of odd contraptions sitting in the corners. Windows curved across the far wall and rafters filled the space overhead into the high ceiling.
Audrey was at a window, a raven in her hands. My footsteps creaked on the floorboards and stirred several other ravens; the birds flew in a flutter of wings to perch along the rafters, silhouetted before the stars of the ceiling windows.
“What are you doing up here?”
“Sending a message to my sister. Letting her know I’ll be there tomorrow.” She sat on the window’s edge, a pale figure against the darkening world behind her. The raven was nestled in her hands on her lap. I recognized it as a messenger, as all the ravens in the room must be. Beyond the windows lay the black line of forest trees below and a rugged contour of mountains across the horizon. It wasn’t until then I realized how high we were; we seemed to rise above the landscape.
The new stars lit Audrey’s skin into a glow like ice, contrasting sharply against the dark of her hair. Her gown hung white with the silver twilight, and she was elegant, ethereal in the wooden frame of the room. In her features, there was something that reminded me of her sister.
She bent to the messenger and whispered Satinah’s name. Pushing the window open, she let the raven out. We watched as the messenger flew away into the new night.
Overhead, within the blue-black sky, stars emerged in the pattern of a crescent moon. “The Stars of the Crescent are coming out,” Audrey said. From afar, a strange music lifted into the air, and Audrey leaned out the window. “Hey, looks like dinner’s ready.”
I joined her at her side and saw the glow of a bonfire on the forest floor. The sounds of singing and piping drifted up, mingled with the scent of a warm roast. Laughter carried to us on wafts of a chilly breeze.
“We better hurry before all the food is gone,” she said. Her gown fanned out as she turned abruptly from the windows.
I chased her towards the door. “Are those Jesath’s kids down there? They live here?” I asked. I flipped the door shut behind us and ran down the steps after her.
“Over the years following his retirement, Jesath adopted orphans to raise as his own. And of course they live here. Haven’t you noticed these other doors?” She pointed to a wooden door as we passed it.
“These doors could lead to Neverland for all I know.”
“They don’t. They lead to bedrooms.”
“You know what I mean.” I gave her a friendly push as we rounded the last steps. We came back into the main room and headed for a little door. The door was so buried behind a pile of cushions, I never knew it was there. Audrey threw a few cushions aside then flipped the door open.
And we ducked out into Jesath’s backyard.

• • •

The two hens from the market were turning over a spit, fully plucked, golden and roasted. A pot was boiling on a rack beneath them, giving off a cloud of steam. The scent was enough to remind me of how hungry I was. The only thing I’d eaten all day was the one tiny candied pie.
Around the fire, the children were of various ages, wearing an assortment of brightly colored clothes as they sat on stools, laughing and singing. Some wore capes and hats, and many of the girls had on skirts made of quilt patches with stockings underneath. Their shoes looked soft, woven of cloth, and curled to a point. Several of them piped on flutes. Buttercups of all colors carpeted the ground. Tall sunflowers nodded their orange heads at the edges of the firelight, tucked near the forest trees.
“Oh, m’littles! We have guests tonight!” Jesath flitted around the bonfire. “Back from the observatory, you two? Quick! Quick! The food’s almost ready!” He bounced on top of a stool, gesturing for us to sit down. I grabbed the nearest stool and sat on its quilted cushion. Jesath continued to flutter. “Call them! Hurry! kahll heh ouhehparra!” Call the others! The translator tickled my earlobe, vibrating with Jesath’s shouts.
A boy with curly crimson hair bellowed, “bhymmehp shyneh!” Dinner time! An older boy blew into a tusk-like horn, the sound resonating like a foghorn. The nearest kids doubled over as they covered their ears, laughing.
A girl fell from the air, landing on her feet in front of me. I looked up. The tree’s knobbly wooden tower rose into the forest. Vines hung outside the tree windows. Children were leaping from the windows, swinging to the ground on the vines. They descended around us in a shower and scrabbled for cups.
“Oh! Take turns, m’littles! Take turns!” Jesath hopped around the kids, even the youngest of whom was taller than him. None of them seemed to have heard. Audrey was laughing, thoroughly enjoying herself. The firelight warmed her pale skin, orange on her black hair. She clapped her hands to the music that the children still piped on their instruments.
Jesath was finally able to snatch a couple of cups and grab two clay ladles. “Oh! Here you go, m’littles! Here you go!” He thrust the items into our hands; somehow, in the midst of all the frenzy, he’d managed to fill our cups with soup from the pot. “Don’t know if there’ll be much hen left for you tonight, m’littles.”
“Don’t worry about that, Jesath,” Audrey said, tipping the cup to her lips.
However, I felt it was of much concern with the rumbling in my stomach, so I was glad when a tall boy spoke up. “You want some hen back there?”
“Oh, yes please!”
“Oh, yes please!”
Audrey and I had spoken at the same time. She grinned at me, giggling while she drank.
“What are you laughing at?” I said. But she only shrugged a shoulder. I tucked the ladle into my cup and spooned up the broth. It was surprisingly good. I wolfed it down. Over the cup’s rim, I could see the tall boy cutting off a slab of the hen with his pocket knife. He brought slices back to Audrey and me.
With a pat on my shoulder, he sat down, looking at me with a friendly curiosity. Beneath the layers of patchwork cloth he wore, he had an infant strapped to his chest, the child peeping out from under the colored fabric. “You’re a strange creature,” the tall boy said. “You’re not from around here, are you?” I drank down the last of my soup, chewing hastily on a tough bit of meat. Before I could answer, he continued, “You must be a new thing of my dad’s. He’s always cooking up something weird. But I see you’ve taken to our squirrel soup.”
He said those last words just as I swallowed the meat. I gawked at him.
He continued happily through my surprise, as though nothing was the matter. “My little sister over there caught the creature this morning,” he said proudly. He patted the infant as he spoke, the babe playing with a white star pendant around its neck all the while. Someone called to him from across the bonfire. He said a quick goodbye before he left.
I turned to Audrey. “I just ate squirrel.”
She laughed hysterically.
“Now I know why you brought me here – for your own comic relief.”
“Come on, Kevin. A bit of squirrel never did anyone any harm.” Audrey patted my knee sympathetically. “There’re plenty of squirrels in your world. You’ll never look at them the same way again. Help you see the world in a new light.” Her smile dimpled her cheek.
I gnawed on a chunk of roasted hen and pretended to be mad.
A sudden clanking of bells sounded throughout the backyard. I looked over to see Jesath framed in the back doorway, the light from his house spilling past him onto the buttercups. “Dessert! Dessert! M’littles! Pass these around! More fairies’ blood in the house, m’littles!” he cried.
My heart leapt at the sound of the mystery drink. There was a mad scrambling as the bag of candied pies was thrown about. Hands everywhere grabbed for the contents. Quilted bags came around, and Audrey passed one to me.
My bag was sewn with different shades of blue patches. Attached to one end was a bottle’s top. The children were flicking off their bottle-tops onto the flowers at their feet. They tilted their heads, drinking from the bags as if the bags were canteens. A thick red liquid spilled from the corners of some laughing mouths.
“C’mon, Kevin, try your fairies’ blood,” Audrey nudged me. She flicked open her own quilted bottle and downed the draught. Quickly, she resurfaced, grinning with her lips and teeth stained red like blood.
“Alright. As long as it’s not really squirrel.” I popped off the lid and took a swallow.
“Actually, it’s squirrel’s blood.”
“What!”
“I’m kidding! It’s a kind of liquor.”
“I can’t tell what’s true anymore. You almost gave me a heart attack.” I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand, bringing it away with traces of red streaked across it.
A giddiness began to spread across me, different from the warm contented stupor the pies had brought on. Instead of a friendly, satiated feeling, an ecstasy was prickling through me; it slipped through my mouth in a hiccup of laughter. All around, everyone was whooping with laughs, rocking back and forth on their stools in delirious conversation. The giddiness tickled at the tips of my fingers. I wanted to cry out with elation, pumping my fist like I’d just won gold at the Olympics. In fact, why not?
I jumped from my seat and hollered with joy. My voice reverberated through the forest and delighted me. I shouted again, laughing as the echoes rang through the boughs. I grinned with exhilaration. A few heads turned my way before they clapped their hands over their mouths, spurting with laughter as they slapped their knees, sounding like hyenas. I dumped the rest of the drink down my throat; it spilled over the sides of my mouth and stained my taris.
Audrey dragged me back onto the stool. I reached for a quilted bag as another round was passed to us, but Audrey snatched my hand away. “I think you’ve had enough.”
“You sound like my mom,” I said, and giggled sheepishly. I wiggled my toes. The prickling glee seemed to sparkle as I did; I could almost see sparks of happiness flying off my feet. I glanced around – everything looked different. The colors were incredibly bright, much more vivid than I remembered. The green was a lush sheen on the grass, the flowers a brilliant assortment of wild colors. The orange of the fire was almost maddening to see. I laughed.
“It’s so beautiful!” I cried. I flung myself backwards to take in the glory of beauty, my mouth gaping open. Starlight squeezed through the trees in splashes of silver, cutting like knives through the dark. The stellar light stabbed at my eyes and I cowered forward, covering my face as I whimpered.
Audrey sighed. “We should go for some air.” She took out her reed and whistled for the eira. The sound was beautifully deafening. With happiness tickling me all over like tiny fingers, she threw me onto the eira and swung herself on in front of me. At a lilting whistle, we sprinted into the woods.
“Oh, you’re burdening it. Burdening it with two riders!” I laughed, my cheek pressed into her shoulder.
She elbowed me roughly in the gut, knocking out my breath. “Wouldn’t trust you to walk, let alone ride,” she mumbled. I giggled at her words.
We rode for a while. The fresh air washed over me in an ecstasy I’d never felt before. The eira’s feet sent sparks of white light fluttering from the forest floor. I marveled in a swirl of joy until the strength was sapped from every muscle in me. A happy weariness crept into my limbs, so heavy I could no longer hold myself upright. I slumped forward, my face pressed into Audrey’s hair.
“I’m tired,” I murmured. “Maybe… stop and rest.”
Audrey slowed the eira as I slipped from the creature, toppling into a carpet of flowers. I lay with my back planted into the earth, splayed across the forest floor. I tried to sit up, but I couldn’t move a limb. I groaned. Beside my head, the flowers were white with five petals each, like stars the size of pinpricks. The entire ground was thickly covered with them, turning the earth into an image of the night sky, a forest floor coated with the pale swirls of galaxies.
The eira’s tread roused the flowers into the air. The air filled with flowers rising from the earth, sprinkling the boughs like diamonds, until I could no longer tell the difference between the boughs and the starry night sky beyond.
A flower flew close and turned into a miniature dragonfly, glowing silver-white.
Audrey’s face filled my vision as she bent to look at me. “Are you alright?”
“I’m hallucinating,” I said.
“No, the drink’s worn off, you can’t be hallucinating.” She sat down. Her motion sent tiny dragonflies flying like sparks of silver. It looked as if the flowers themselves had risen up. I managed to lift my head so my chin touched my chest. I surveyed the forest. The flowers’ glow was like a mist across the earth, and I was covered in the mist of the flowers’ nocturnal glow.
“But… I see… stars,” I slurred, “on the ground.” I let my head plop back. “I see stars… that look like flowers… that look like stars… that look like – dragonflies.”
“Hm? What are you muttering – oh! Those insects, those dragonflies, as you said, are, umm… hliarra ouh tsahparra.” Stars’ flies.
“Starflies,” I repeated.
“I almost forgot you had that translator.” She flicked my earring with her fingers before she continued. “These flowers…” She plucked a few, tossing them up in showers of silver. They landed in starry flecks on my chest. “These flowers are tsahparra ouh heh ehahph.” Stars of the earth.
I turned my head and spoke to her knee. “That’s pretty,” I said.
“The starflies tend to these flowers. They do all look alike – the flowers, and the flies, and the stars.” She leaned over me while I was studying her knee. “How do you feel, Kevin? Still feel like you’re hallucinating?”
The flowers were flying up to join the stars overhead. I blinked, and saw the flying flowers were the starflies. “I think I’m okay.” My voice was a murmur. It was the best I could manage. “But I feel weird… so… tired.”
“That’s what happens when the drink wears off.” I looked at her. She was like a reflection of the silver forest. She seemed to read my thoughts and smiled, a warmth touching the cool of her silver eyes, “Do you still think you’re insane?”
We were engulfed in a darkness broken only by silver. I would have thought I had fallen into the night sky, if it weren’t for the scent of the forest and the feel of the earth beneath me. I breathed in the light clean perfume of the stars of the earth.
“If I’m insane, then it’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”




Chapter 28


Audrey dragged me back to Jesath’s later that night. I was barely able to move.
All of Jesath’s children were asleep when we returned. We came back to a quiet house, with only a lamp shedding green light over Jesath’s worktable.
It was clear we’d interrupted his work when he flipped open the door for us. He was still squeakily polishing a small contraption with a handkerchief. He quickly wrapped the device into the kerchief and popped it into his pocket. “Oh dear!” he said, taking my hand and patting it furiously. “It looks like m’boy’s taken the blood rather hard!”
“It’s nothing a good night’s sleep won’t cure him of,” Audrey replied. She dragged me up the stairs, my arm slung around her shoulder. She hoisted me along, carrying my entire weight. My feet scraped across the floor, bumping up the steps.
Jesath scrambled for his lantern. He hopped up the stairs behind us, throwing green light our way.
“Yes, just put him in this room,” he said. “Don’t worry, Kevin m’boy! You’ll be fine!”
“I know,” I mumbled.
We entered a little room with a circular window. As Audrey brought me around, I looked out the window to the backyard below; the embers of the bonfire still simmered red through black puffs of smoke. Scattered piles of cushions and quilts gave the room a sense of comfort. Next to the window was a tremendous pillow the size of a mattress.
Audrey tossed me onto the pillow; feathers popped out and drifted around the room.
“I’ll let Jesath take care of you from here,” Audrey said.
“Yes, yes, m’dear!” Jesath raised his lantern. Now that he was closer, I saw the lantern was lighted with dozens of green fireflies fluttering inside. “You go and get some rest yourself. You need it, m’dear!”
“Thanks, Audrey,” I murmured, as she disappeared out the circular doorway.
Jesath placed the lantern on the floor and flitted about me like a bee. He drew a quilt over me and busied around the enormous pillow, fluffing the corners. “Do you feel comfortable, m’boy?”
I was sinking happily into the huge pillow, as if it would swallow me in softness. “Yes,” I mumbled as Jesath plumped a spot of pillow near my head.
“Let me put night lights on for you.” Jesath opened the lantern and let out several of the fireflies. They fluttered about in tiny green sparks.
“Thanks, Jesath,” I managed. “If you ever need anything from my world, I’ll be happy to get it for you.”
He was huddled near the lamp. The light splashed green over his large glasses as he asked, incredulous, “You don’t say?”
“Sure. Don’t see why not. Just send one of those ravens my way and let me know. It shouldn’t be a problem.”
“You know, I haven’t visited your world in a long time, oh no.” His voice was soft, pensive. “Whenever I went, I’d always have to put on such an outfit to help me blend in. Oh! But I still drew some attention for my height, yes I did! Like one of those Oompa-Loompas from your books, yes I did!” A couple fireflies flew out of the open window before Jesath drew it shut. The other fireflies twinkled near the ceiling.
“You didn’t dress like Oompa-Loompas, did you, Jesath?”
“Very funny, m’boy! Now you keep your jokes to yourself and get some sleep.” He patted my head and picked up the lantern with the remaining fireflies inside. In the next moment, he had flitted out, flipping the door shut behind him.
I listened as his steps pattered down the stairway, fading into a quiet. I lay still, buried beneath the quilt in the embrace of an enormous pillow. I yawned. Overhead, the fireflies shimmered, giving the room an emerald glow. Shafts of moonlight came in and laid silver across the floor. A firefly drifted in a pinpoint of light over my forehead. I watched as it flew to the window, green in a shaft of pale moonlight.
And that was the last thing I remembered.

• • •

“Wake up, sleepyhead!” Audrey’s voice rang painfully into my head. A cold gust of air blew into my bed.
“Stop that,” I mumbled. I shifted, grabbing at my covers.
Another chilly gust seized me from behind. Audrey was lifting up my quilt, letting in drafts of cold. “Not until you get up.”
I grunted and squeezed my eyelids shut, blocking out the sunlight. I tried to tell her I’d be up, but only succeeded in making more strange noises.
“Alright,” she said. I wondered if she’d actually understood me. But then she said, “I’m in a hurry, so I’ll leave you here and go on to Hallia myself.”
“Okay, I’m up. I’m up.” With a huge effort, I threw back my bedcovers, rolled over and nearly toppled to the floor.
Audrey grabbed my arm and lifted me to my feet. “C’mon,” she said. “Jesath is making us breakfast.”
“I felt like I just got into bed,” I said, scratching my head. As sleepy as I felt, I was glad I could move on my own again.
“That tends to be the effect of sleeping pillows,” Audrey remarked.
“Is that what that enormous thing’s called?”
“Actually, it’s called a tlehrieh nahsspehtt. But for your sake, let’s just call it a sleeping pillow.”
“I think it’s awesome!” I said.
“Shhh… Keep your voice down. The kids are still sleeping.”
“Sorry.”
At the bottom of the stairs, Jesath was at his worktable, busy pouring something into cups. Quilted bags of fairies’ blood were stacked next to cushions.
“Oh! Good morning! Good morning! Have some porridge, m’littles! Have some porridge!” Jesath handed each of us a bowl the size of a teacup. “You must eat something before you are off!”
Audrey promptly downed hers in a swig. I was beginning to wonder what she couldn’t eat in a single swallow. In my own cup, brightly colored flakes were floating in a red fruit drink. The flakes crackled, sending sparks flying from the cup. Even though Audrey drank hers without any problem, I remembered she could also throw around men twice her size and heal her wounds right before my eyes.
“I don’t mean to be rude, but – is this safe to drink?” I asked. I heard Audrey’s clear laughter; I was starting to get used to that.
“Firecracker flakes, m’boy!” Jesath called out enthusiastically. “Of course it’s safe! Let me give you some more punch.” He reached for the pitcher and poured more fruit juice into my cup. Immediately, there was an explosion as sparks flew everywhere. I shielded my face with my arm. As the puff of mushroom cloud dissolved over my cup, I peered tentatively over the rim and saw the flakes sizzling with more colored sparks. “Drink up!”
With an anxiety nibbling at me, I took a sip. I could feel it whizzing all the way down. It felt remarkably like drinking soda with very strong fizz. When I’d finished, I handed the cup back to Jesath.
“Well done, m’boy! How did you like it?”
“It was… good!” It was still popping away in my belly. In the midst of its crackles, it had a fruity taste. I patted my stomach. It had been through a lot these past days.
“You’ll miss our foods when you’re back in your world! Here, take some fairies’ blood. Take some fairies’ blood with you. I’ve got plenty!” He hopped to the stack of quilted bags and stuffed them into my Moreinen satchel.
“Have some leaf cakes, Jesath,” Audrey said, “for all your trouble. They’re in Kevin’s bag there, I brought some over from Moreina.”
“Oh, Ryloha, it’s no bother! No bother at all!” Jesath said, as he rummaged through my bag. He plucked out a sphere of auburn leaves, which Audrey had taken from the Moreinen dinner rug. “Wonderful to see you again,” Jesath was saying. “After all these years!” He held the ball of red leaves, the small sphere large in his hand. A sorrow settled in the little man’s big eyes. “Oh, do give your sister my best wishes. She was a most apt pupil, most talented. I do hope to visit her again sometime soon.”
“I’m sure she’ll be happy to see you.”
“Yes, yes.” The sorrow in his magnified eyes mingled with concern. “Take care of her, Ryloha. So glad you are back.”
After helping himself to a couple more leaf cakes, he handed my satchel to me and saw us out the door. I slung my bag over my shoulder, thanking him profusely. As he waved us away, he promised to send me many messengers requesting supplies from my world.
Audrey and I made our way through the tunnel before stepping out from the folds of the tree. The forest was crisp and clean in the morning air. Birds rustled through the leaves overhead. Grasses and twigs crunched beneath our feet as we walked among the bulbous trees.
Out in the clearing, before the sunflowers, Audrey whistled for her hine. Ly swept down from the blue air, and soon we were rising into the sky, the sunflowers dissolving into a field of orange below. Before long, all that was beneath us was an expansive sheet of white clouds, lying long across the skies like a blanket of snow.
“See that star?” Audrey indicated with a nod of her head.
Although it was morning, a star shone clear, lingering on from the night, pressed against the blue of the horizon. The lowest tip of the star was long and slender. It was the tapered star I had seen above the city in the touch. “It’s like the star they have in nativity scenes.”
“That’s the Star of Hal,” she said. “It’s the symbol of Alhallra. Each of its seven points represents one of the seven virtues of the Angels, so it’s also called the Star of the Angels. But we worship Hal over all the other Angels, hence ‘the Star of Hal’. It lies right over Hallia.”
We flew silently for a while before hunger and curiosity began nagging me. I swung the sack from my shoulder, peeking inside to find several leaf cakes sitting innocently beside bags of fairies’ blood.
“What are leaf cakes?” I asked.
Audrey half-turned and I could see the corner of her smile. “Why don’t you eat one, Kevin?”
“Okay.” Happily, I pulled one out. Grasping Ly tightly with my legs, I peeled off the layers of fall leaves, letting them blow away through the sky. As the leaves peeled off, the golden rice of the cake revealed itself. It was blended with honey and rich with fruits. When I took a bite of it, it was sweet in an amazing way.
“You like it?”
“Excellent,” I said, through a mouthful. She reached back for one, and I passed a cake to her.
Thus, we swept through the skies towards the Star of Hal, leaf cakes in our hands, the clouds brushing our faces and running in mists across Ly’s wings. The longer we flew, the colder it became. Soon, our leaf cakes were gone. The sun began to dim, the blue skies graying to a pale frost. Gales smashed against us in waves of icy wind. Audrey bent against Ly’s neck and drove the hine on.
“I’m going to put my coat on.” My breath puffed out in a fog of white. The wind battered against Ly’s wings and sent us rocking in the sky.
“Okay. If you fall, I’ll catch you,” she said.
The cold was becoming unendurable, so I gripped Ly as tightly as I could as I rummaged for my coat amongst sacks of fairies’ blood. When I drew the fur coat out, it flapped violently in the wind. I was just able to pull it on without falling over. I could see the side of Audrey’s cheek as I hugged the coat to me, and I could tell that she was grinning.
The sun was already high in the sky, but it was shaded with a mist of grey. Snow began to fall.
“Have you seen much snow in California, lately?” Audrey asked.
“Not since I last went snowboarding in Tahoe.”
“Well, you’ll see plenty here.”
Snow flurried through the clouds as we flew lower. The field of white below us was no longer a sheet of clouds, but endless stretches of snow. Forests rose from the pale landscape, their silver leaves bright in the white sun, the foliage lined with the softness of the snowfall. As the wind blew through the leaves, I thought I heard a tinkling, like bells.
We descended into a pale world, brushing just above the snow fields, the tips of Ly’s wings grazing the surface, leaving long thin lines dipping into the snowy earth. We rose over a hill and the land extended before us in rolls of pallor until it touched the ice city of Hallia. The city shone crystalline through the icy drifts.
Deer ran across the plains, their coats white with the winter. We flew toward the deer as they fled over the frozen ground. They parted before Ly’s wings, stampeding around us, their ivory horns swirled with snow.
Ahead, the spirals of the city ascended into the snowfall. Its towers neared, large and silver, filling the breadth of my vision. We soared into the city, past spires blanketed in white. Rivers were frozen beneath bridges, the waters ridged with frosted waves. The waterfalls were falls of ice, as firm as the structures they touched. Pedestrians weaved through the streets with heavy fur coats, the roads beneath them like icy walkways.
The whole city was in the midst of high festivity. Silver banners streamed from every tower. An occasional splash of pale blue embellished a spire, while flags displaying the Seven-Pointed Star adorned the buildings.
We flew around the frozen shaft of a waterfall and emerged onto the height of the city. The Krystalline Castle appeared before us, a palace of silver. We landed in the courtyard, the hine’s wings beating up a flurry of snow.
It was as if I had stepped into a dream, with Hallia and the Krystalline real around me. Audrey dismounted and I followed, leaping to the ground. Although my coat kept me warm, my feet were painfully cold in the Moreinen sandals. The snow pressed in, icy against my toes.
At the courtyard’s center was the statue of the Angel holding a white orb in its hand. Snow laced its impressive wings. The swirls of snow from Ly’s wings began to settle, revealing figures standing in a line. They all wore black cloaks, except for a single figure at the front whose white cloak was highlighted by the dark line of those behind her.
Even before she stepped forward, I knew who she was. All my life, I’d only seen one person carry herself in such a manner, with the ability to give such an impression. I’d seen Satinah before as a vivid dream, but now she was real in front of me. A shudder ran through me, as if it were cold even in the heat of my coat. Although her glance never once touched me, I wished desperately for the protection of invisibility again, and feared the touch of her eyes.
Her illness had made her thinner, her cheeks more pronounced and her eyes larger. But the effect was only to make her more beautiful. Her hand was so slender as she extended it to greet her sister. Under her fur cloak, her dress was a pale satin iced with a pattern of stars. Beneath the intricate ivory of her crown, her silver-white hair was twisted into a design, frosted in place by a thin layer of ice. Snowflakes fell into her hair and lingered there, glittering. She wore earrings of white petals hanging long against her neck. The wind turned the folds of her dress, and for a moment, that was the only part of her that moved as she stood beneath the Angel’s wings.
Audrey took her sister’s hand and brought the slim fingers to briefly touch her lips. She was still dressed only in her white gown; as she bent to kiss her sister’s hand, her Moreinen dress flowed out in magnificent lengths among the sheets of falling snow.
Satinah withdrew her hand. “I’m glad to see you again, my sister,” she said softly. “Come. We have much to discuss.”
They began to cross the courtyard, the cloaked figures following behind. I would have stood still, had Audrey not bid me to follow with a jerk of her head.
As we entered the castle, Audrey turned to her sister. “Ah sister,” she said, and I could hear the smile in her voice. “It’s good to be home again.”

• • •

We walked through the crystal halls, footsteps echoing. At a nod from Audrey, one of the dark figures dropped back and offered to escort me to a room. Audrey and Satinah continued down the corridor, accompanied by the rest of the cloaked figures. I had not forgotten Hallain’s concern about Satinah, but aside from a cold temper, she seemed indifferent to me.
Our path through the castle took us outside and up a flight of stairs, curving around a great pillar with a chamber at its zenith. Running alongside the stairs, in a wall of ice, was a frozen waterfall. At the foot of the falls, the castle gardens were veiled under the snows of winter.
We arrived on a glass balcony encircling a round chamber with white pillars. The balcony was the same as what I’d seen in the touch – a platform of smooth glass bare of railing; I could see through it perfectly to the spires below, and it made me dizzy to walk onto it. Between the pillars, the chamber walls were glass. The lady opened a pane, and I hurried into the room only to find the floor was as clear as the balcony outside. Beneath my feet, the lower castle was distinctly visible, as if I were standing on air.
The lady threw a match into the fireplace, a circular opening in the floor. It lit into flames of white, sending lights dancing in swirls across the glass. She nodded a goodbye to me and a spark from beneath her hood caught my eye; she was wearing a silver band across her forehead that dipped to a white jewel. When she walked away, I glimpsed the flutter of silver beneath her black cloak, and recognized it as the mantle of the councilors.
Through the glass floor, I watched the councilor’s tiny figure descending the spiraling stairs into the castle below. People and things I had seen only as a strange dream were becoming a terrific reality, as if dreams were coming true.
I stood alone within the chamber, feeling dwarfed by the pale majesty of the palace. I paced for a while, admiring the intricately engraved walls of glass. The room was warming with the fire, and my feet, bare except for the sandals, were glad for the warmth.
Across from me, under a pale awning, was a white bed. There was no frame to support it; it was only a round mattress sitting on the floor. I smiled. It was like a giant marshmallow draped in translucent veils. I touched it, and to my surprise, it was soothingly warm. I pressed down. There seemed to be nothing inside but air. Curls of steam began to rise from the bed.
I decided to lie down for a minute.
I shrugged off my coat and let it slip to the floor. I felt the fire warming my skin from the fireplace. Getting beneath the covers was like lying onto a bed of clouds. Steam from the cushion puffed out, curling in a light mist. I sighed happily as I sank into a bed of warmth. The sheets were soft as air. I couldn’t even remember when I fell asleep.




Chapter 29


“I knew this would happen,” I heard Audrey’s words. “Do you want your supper cold, or do you want to get up?” There was a nudging.
I told her I’d get up, but it came out in an incoherent jumble. Feeling like I was lifting the weight of mountains, I managed to squeeze open an eye; I never knew an eyelid could be so heavy.
“Comfy, isn’t it?” Through a haze of mist, I saw Audrey holding a bowl in her hands. Steam poured from the bowl in nearly solid waves, falling over the rim and running across the glass floor. With my open eye, I looked through the glass and the steam, down to the sparks of light from the lower castle that pricked the velvet night.
I groaned. “How long have I been asleep?”
“Awhile,” Audrey replied.
I rolled onto my back. I could see through the bed canopy to the stars past the clear ceiling arches. Shadows of birds flew through the nocturnal sky, or perhaps the shadows were the figures of white hines.
With an effort, I sat up. Audrey dropped the bowl into my hands. The bowl’s steam spilled out to blend with the mist rising from my sheets. When I blew into the bowl, the smoke parted, revealing the sheen of an oily stew and a shaft of meat covered with wrinkled red skin.
“Madam Molla’s smoking lamb stew,” Audrey said.
I picked the meat up by the bone, examining the folds of red wrinkles.
“It’s a nighttime favorite in Alhallra. People eat it before they wash and go to sleep. Especially during the sacred season of winter. We often have it to remember the Last Mage, since it was the final supper he requested before he gave his gift to Alhallra.”
I inspected the thick red meat. Gingerly, I took a bite. It did not taste like any lamb I had ever eaten. The meat was rich and savory, delicious. The scented steam curled over my face as I ate. “The sacred season?” I asked, as I swallowed.
“I’ll show you after you’re done,” she said. She smiled in a melancholy way. “Here’re some night clothes, um… pajamas, for you.” She tossed a blue cloth at me. It was silk, with a light shine. Audrey wasn’t wearing her Moreinen dress anymore; the white gown she had on was a lighter texture, long and layered, almost like my bed canopy, with hints of silver and fastened with a twine of silver rope. “These are my pajamas,” she replied to my gaze.
I laughed. “They’re awesome.”
Past the glass walls, a flock of white hines flew towards us from the dark. Through the floor, I could see them as they glided away among the spires below.
“There is a legend about those hines,” Audrey said, as I wolfed down the last of the lamb. “Finish your stew and put on your pajamas, and I’ll show you.”
I hurriedly drank down the broth then changed behind the bed curtains. The blue robe was long and satiny. Audrey gave me a pair of matching blue slippers.
We descended the stairs outside over the glass rim of the balcony. In the open night, the air was cold. I pulled on my fur coat against a steady fall of snow. Around us, the glass of the castle unfolded, its towers spiraling in intricacies across the night. As a portion of earth in sky, the gardens stood elevated on a rise, white with snow. Waterfalls poured frozen to the towers below, caught in the act of falling. Ravens circled the garden trees, shadows against the pallor.
Audrey’s nightgown flowed behind her over the final glass steps. We walked along a clear walkway threading outside among the spires.
“How did things go with your sister today?” I asked.
She smiled, as if I had asked an awkward question. “My sister and I, we’ve always had our differences.” There was something in the way she avoided my gaze that caught my attention. I wondered what they had talked about, but I asked nothing further.
I braced myself against the cold within the warmth of my coat. Audrey, however, seemed comfortable, natural in only the light folds of her gown. I thought how she belonged in this fantastical silver landscape. Here she was home, and I, a visitor. Nevertheless, the splendor of the Alhallren night was worth enduring the bitter chill. A mist, cold in the moonlight, settled like a ghost among the far crystalline spires.
The glass architecture was beginning to look familiar to me. Inside the castle, I recognized a flight of steps, pillared and lined with windows. Audrey swung open the elliptical double doors at the height of the staircase and lit a flame in the palm of her hand.
It was so silent within the caverns of the hall, it seemed as if our breaths echoed. I heard the faint sound of running water. The slim waterfall at the far end was frozen into sheets of ice. Through its frozen layers, I could discern the silver points of stars in the sky. Tapestries of Angels hung long from the high ceiling; I remembered those tapestries when they had hung in the hall of the old king, back when the castle was made of stone. Around the Angel tapestries, on the tall windows, frosted murals shone silver on the glass.
Audrey walked across the hall to the murals, her pale gown trailing, like a ghost in a palace of ice. I made to follow her when I slipped and fell hard with a splash. As I sat up, a film of water ran over the floor under my hands.
Audrey’s amusement was plain in the white light she held on her palm. Her smile deepened in one corner. “Perhaps, we should have more light so you can see.” She tossed her flame high and lit sparks overhead. The pale flames fell, as though they would descend through the hall, before they stopped, hovering near the ceiling.
In the new light, I saw that thin streams ran half-frozen across the glass floor.
“They should have a ‘Caution: Wet floor’ sign.” I got to my feet, patting my coat so droplets of water sprinkled off. I crossed the room more carefully to her side.
The lights shed a dim glow over the Great Hall. But there was still more than enough darkness for the window murals to shine clear. Behind the murals, the castle spires unraveled in shafts of crystal within a snowing night.
Audrey pointed to a mural depicting a woman and boy among countless flying hines. “This is the legend of the white hines. A long time ago, a young Moreinen prince had a white infant hine, an elbine, that was dying from the Moreinen heat, since pale hines are more sensitive to the sun. At that time, the Alhallren queen was visiting Moreina. She offered to take the hine back with her to the Krystalline, where it would be safe from the sun. When the queen died years later, the prince gave a flock of white hines to Hallia to honor her. That is why there’re white hines here. Every hine in Hallia is a descendent of that flock.”
I strolled along the windows, studying the murals, each with its own story. I stopped when I noted something familiar: the figure of an Angel holding an orb, the same as the statue at the front gates. The panels also showed a girl with the Angel. I realized I’d seen her in the touch, dangling from a monument in a city square, being pulled on chains by a demon. The demon too was featured in the mural, frozen in anger and hatred.
“This is the Legend of the Beginning,” Audrey said, coming over to me. “This is why winter is our sacred season.” She indicated the demon. “This is the Angel Val. In the beginning, He made a man and a woman from the earth, so that humans will be the slaves of the Angels. He set them to tending His garden and bound their minds in ignorance to Him, that they may obey Him and worship Him, blind and unquestioning, slaves to Him. In exchange, He sheltered them with comfort and gave them happiness. The woman He called Vee, meaning ‘from Val’, and the man was Dama, a word meaning ‘husband’ in the ancient tongue.” She pointed to the Angel holding the orb. “That is Val’s brother, Hal. He is worshipped above all other Angels, because He took pity on humans in our weakness and slavery. This city, Hallia, is named after Him, meaning ‘The City of Hal’, as well as our land – Alhallra means ‘Land of Hal’.” As she gestured, her fingers brushed across the orb in Hal’s hand.
“What is He holding?” I asked.
“It’s the moon,” she said. “Hal wanted to free humans from slavery to the Angels. So one night, He pulled a fragment of wisdom from the heavens by breaking off a piece of the moon. That is why the moon isn’t full every night. And that is why the crescent is the Alhallren symbol of knowledge. Hal fashioned the moon into an apple and appeared before Vee in Val’s garden. He offered her a choice. She could stay safe and happy in Val’s garden, but remain His slave, or she could take the wisdom offered and become free, but strive and suffer to make a life of her own. Vee is known for her bravery because she chose freedom. She shared the apple with Dama, and so Val lost both His slaves and all the children they would have had. In retribution, Val imprisoned His brother in a fortress of ice at the tip of the world. That’s why ice is sacred to us, a symbol of Hal’s suffering for the sake of humans. And that is why winter, the season of ice, is the most sacred time of the year, with Winter’s Day, the peak of winter, being the most highly celebrated of all holidays.”
“So you eat Madame Molla’s stew during the sacred season.” I didn’t quite grasp the connection.
“Look there,” Audrey said.
Sparks of white fire flickered in the air over a glass panel. I went to stand in front of it. Across the smoothness of the glass, the familiar figure of an old man shone bright in the mural. He was bent on a gnarled staff with three Stones in his hand.
“This is the Legend of the Gift Stones,” she said.
There was a central panel of the old man holding the Stones, offering them to a king with a stern advisor beside them. In other panels, the old man was in the temple with his brother, and then with the nightingale in the castle, and finally back with his brother in the temple ruins.
“It’s everything I saw,” I said.
“This was the legend I told you. This is the Last Mage and his brother, the White Mage. The Mages are said to belong to a golden age of wisdom that’s been forgotten and lost to our time. But because the Last Mage so loved our land, he gave us the Gift Stones before he passed away. Winter is Hal’s season, the season of the one who gave us the gift of knowledge, and so it’s also the season of giving. Thus, we drink Madame Molla’s stew during winter to remember the Last Mage and the Gift Stones.”
“I see.”
“And also to keep us warm,” she chided.
But I caught a sullenness about her. “What did you talk about with your sister today?” I asked finally, tentatively, my smile fading around my lips.
All the worry she had kept at bay flooded into her expression. There was pity there for me, and a sickness gripped my stomach. “Kevin.” She paused, then raised her eyes to me. The gesture seemed to take an eternity. “Satine forbids you to return home. I’m sorry, but you can never go back.”




Chapter 30


“But – but why?”
She sighed. “Fear. Many here are afraid of your world. Yes, many find it fascinating, but it’s also a violent place with terrible weapons unlike any here.”
“Terrible weapons? You sliced a gun in half. I don’t think you need to be afraid of our weapons.”
“Not just guns. You have other weapons. Weapons that could lay flat a whole city in less than a second, Kevin. What if your world knew about ours? What if there was war?” Strands of her hair lay dark across her pale face. Her silver eyes were striking in the dim light. When she spoke again, her words were gentle. “All the councilors agree, Kevin. I don’t. I’d let you go back anytime. But I cannot overrule the entire council. They think it would be too dangerous for Alhallra.”
“I won’t tell anyone. No one would believe me even if I did. I’d get locked up in an insane asylum. You know that.”
“I know. But they don’t want to risk it, Kevin. And they don’t like the idea that you could bring more of your kind here.”
“You mean they’re worried we could… invade?”
“Maybe not at first. But open contact between new lands… isn’t often peaceful.”
“We don’t even have a key.”
“Secrecy protects better than locks and keys. Keys can be stolen, found, made… Kevin, it’s our whole world at stake.”
Slowly, I shook my head. “It can’t be.”
“I’m sorry, Kevin.”
“It can’t be,” I said again.
“I shouldn’t have brought you here.”
I stared out the muralled windows. The white lights were mirrored on the glass panes. I looked at my reflection and hers, translucent against the frosted legends. The castle spires turned through the night beyond, adorned with silks for the winter festivities.
As I watched, the beauty of this world that I had fallen into paled in a sickly way. As the colors drained, memories came to me in a vivid recollection.
I could see Christmas days spent by the television with the entire family and families of family, the same movies playing over and over; I remembered my dinner-before-dinners. In the summers, I often went surfing with my sister and played beach volleyball with my friends. I would drive my car to the beach to show it off. I loved my car. Sometimes, I would drive my friends to San Francisco to catch a movie or dinner; I used to always go to San Francisco with Brendon and our buddies. I would have gone that night, a night that seemed so long ago, but –
I would have gone. But I had met Audrey. I breathed out slowly. My breath felt heavy. It formed a circle of white on the glass, just as it had on the surface of Audrey’s shield, a lifetime ago. Beyond my breath’s fading pallor, I saw the towers of the castle, like icicles in a black sky. Far behind them, the city lights were silver. Alhallra stretched, a strange reality. Cold, in a relentless permanence.
“Audrey,” I whispered, “you have to help me.”
But she only stood, sad and silent.

• • •

She walked me back to my chamber in silence. We had left the glass open at the balcony and white moths had fluttered in. They hovered around the fireplace, white powder puffing from their wings. I sat on the bed and stared at the moths.
Audrey moved to the fireplace and took out part of the fire. The flames leapt in her palms, lighting her face into a pale, frightening glow. She made the flames die down until they simmered, flickering from white orbs in her hands, larger equivalents of the Alhallren matches.
“Good night, Kevin,” she said, almost sadly, before she slipped from the room. There was a soft clink as she closed the glass behind her. And all was stillness.
Anxiety welled up in me as I sat in the dim firelight. The moths played about the chamber, the light on their powdered wings. Past the translucent bed curtains, I saw the snow falling outside the glass walls. I wished the sight brought wonder to me. But instead, it made me think, with an empty fear, about what it would be like to live forever in this land of winter.
I picked up my brown sack, pulled out my jeans and fumbled through the pockets. Amongst other junk, I found a piece of loose paper, as well as the pen I carried in my back pocket. I scribbled a note by the fire, reading it over, a thumping loud in my chest.
Satisfied, I stepped around the moths to look out the glass, down into the garden. Ravens flew among the garden branches. I opened the glass and walked out into the frozen night.
I found my way to the garden. The way was short and easy, along some snowy stairs. My feet were surprisingly warm despite the thinness of my slippers.
The garden was larger than I had thought, looking at it from my room. It was entirely blanketed, thick with snow. The ravens perched on the boughs, their black feathers fluffed against the cold. Scant leaves clung to the branches and fell occasionally with the breeze. I wasn’t sure what to do, so I only held out my arm.
There was no response. Several ravens had their heads tucked into their wings, their eyes squeezed shut. Others blinked lazily at me, while some cocked their heads and peered at me. Finally, one opened its wings and flew down to perch on my arm.
I blew off a layer of snow that had settled white across its back. I rolled up my note and tucked it beneath its wing. I recalled the way Audrey had whispered Satinah’s name before sending the messenger away. “Jesath,” I said. And hoped I’d done it correctly.
The messenger opened its wings and flew from my arm. I watched until I could no longer see its dark shape through the falling snow.

• • •

I don’t think I slept at all that night. A plague of worries stormed my mind in ways that not even the warm mist of the bed could subdue to sleep.
I got out of bed once and changed into my jeans and t-shirt. I spent the rest of the night watching the moths fluttering against my bed curtains, their wings leaving traces of white dust on the sheets. The fireplace threw the moths’ shadows dancing across my bedcovers.
A dim blue light was bathing the spires of the castle when the messenger returned to me, settling on the glass balcony. I brought the bird in. Beneath its wing was a rolled note. I sighed with relief.
I unrolled the paper and a reed fell out onto my hand along with a silver ring. The note read only: ‘Good luck!’ I put the ring on my finger. The silver circlet had an engraving across it. I didn’t know the Alhallren letters, but I remembered Satinah had read them in the touch: Gate of the Dark Plains.
The messenger was warming itself by the fireplace. With the reed clutched in my hand, I turned the key around my finger, studying the way the firelight laid itself across the curves of the engraving. I tried to keep my breathing steady, but already the ring and reed were moist with the sweat from my hands. Anxiety was slowly building in my throat.
I pulled on the fur coat and walked outside onto the glass of the balcony. Along the curve of the horizon, the thin blue light that washed the castle towers was strengthening into a golden hue. The day would soon be here. With a dread that made me sick, I blew into the reed, hoping no one would hear it but the one it was intended for. And then I waited.
On the snows of the garden, I caught a movement that I wouldn’t have seen if I hadn’t been looking for it. Its nightblue feathers blended almost perfectly into the shadows of the foliage. It ran lightly along the snow, hardly visible in a streak of shade. Then the eira lifted in flight and flew to me. It alighted on the balcony.
“Hey,” I said, stroking its feathers. “Good to see you again. How’re things back at Jesath’s?” It bent its neck and nuzzled me with its beak. I took that as a good sign. It raised its head, tossing the ropes around it. Jesath had been kind enough to rein the eira for me. I wondered if I would see him again. If I succeeded, I would probably never visit the Philosopher’s Corner again, or the market with the giant flowers, or drink fairies’ blood or firecracker flakes. I would never see Jesath. And I would never see Audrey. Either way, a whole world would be lost to me.
On the horizon, a golden line appeared, thin and clear. Already, the light was threatening to fade the stars in the sky. I could not afford to linger anymore.
I leapt onto the eira and smiled triumphantly. My riding skills had improved. I only hoped I could remember the commands. I blew a lilt, the note rising high, and the bird lifted into the air.
I took a last look at the towers of the castle, draped in winter silks. The crystal city fell away into the swirls of snow beneath me as I rose into the cold air.
Audrey would know I had left. She would come after me soon. I was sure of it.




Chapter 31


I flew, urging the eira faster with short blasts from my whistle. Dawn was chasing us, brushing the stars from the sky. I was running out of time. The morning was strengthening. Around me, the world awakened to life.
I headed towards the Stars of the Crescent, the constellation still looming against the pale horizon line. Every time I turned, I saw the Star of Hal dwindling, fading in the growing light of day. And every time, I was afraid to see Audrey and her guards pursuing me from the bleak horizon. I shivered with what I thought was cold until I felt the sweat along my forehead. It was nerves making me shudder. I steadied my breathing, trying to calm myself.
California. I tried to focus. The warmth of the thought rushed through me in the cool sky. I could almost feel the beaches and the sun. The longing was nearly a palpable wound. The toll of the Campanile above the campus grounds, the gust of autumn air through rusty brown leaves, the scent of coffee from cafés, and the bustle of students – filled me with a familiarity that verged on the edge of pain. I could not let my whole life fade into a memory while I lived as a stranger in a foreign world. Audrey had shown me wonders that no one would believe, wonders beyond possibility. But the memory of home would torture me forever here. I had to take the risk and hope everything would be alright.
The wind rustled the eira’s feathers as we flew. I remembered that eira were faster on land, but I did not want to risk losing sight of the Crescent Constellation behind the clouds. Although it was nearing noon, I could still see the constellation, dim in the blue of the sky. But soon, it would vanish in the light. I had little choice. I gave a low whistle and we descended to the earth.
We landed and sped across the ground, the eira’s feet barely brushing the grass as we ran, fast and light. Relief flooded me as the familiar field of sunflowers stretched long beside me. Hope thudded in my chest. The Stars of the Crescent was just visible. I urged the eira forward with quick whistles.
Something swept past my ear. It curved in an arc of silver across my face. I turned and saw the moonblade return to a host of kyrion knights, pursuing me on red eira.
I blew into my reed with all my might and my eira sprinted ahead. The knights were a distance behind, but I had no doubt they would soon close the space. Panic crushed my hope to powder as moonblades ricocheted in silver sickles around me, cutting so close, I could feel the rush of air against my cheek as they passed.
My eira cried out as the blades cut too near. It reared and breathed jets of fire. Moonblades dissolved in the bursts of eira flame as I veered into the sunflowers.
We raced down the rows of flowers. The blades sliced through the foliage and sent the flowers falling like trees behind us. Between the orange lines of bobbing sunflower heads, only a few stars of the Crescent Constellation could be seen. As I watched, a shadow passed over the constellation in the form of a greatly-winged hine.
“Careful with your blades! Don’t harm him! Just bring him back!” Audrey’s voice carried to me as she flew Ly beneath the stars.
Riding through the forest of flowers, I couldn’t get my bearings, so I returned to the sky, hoping the knights would obey Audrey and not slice me apart so exposed.
Ahead, beyond the sunflowers, was a plain of darkness. I had seen the Dark Plains before. I had been with Audrey in the touch as she flew towards that plain to her brother’s rescue, much as she flew towards it now. Somewhere nearby, I had seen her thrown through a silver gate to emerge on the other side in a place that was very familiar to me. I was almost there.
The thought of it sent a chill across my skin. Hope dared to creep boldly into my throat again. From across the skies, Audrey headed towards me on her white hine. I could not read her expression. It seemed like a complicated mixture of emotions that rendered her eyes stale and grey.
My gaze lingered on her for a moment. Her moonblade flashed in her hand; the sickles shot towards me.
I raced the eira through the sky, diving towards the ground. Below, the dark plain opened wide and eternal. The sickles swept around me, cutting away a tuft of my hair. Horror leapt fresh in my chest, pounding painfully.
Above, the sky was a pure blue; the last of the Crescent Constellation had disappeared. But I didn’t need it to guide me anymore.
Another sweep of sickles from Audrey’s moonblades brought my gaze around to her. She and Ly were so close, nearly on me. Their silver eyes stared at me with a determined intensity.
I sensed it. So subtle, I wouldn’t have noticed if I hadn’t been waiting for it. The gate key had quivered on my finger. It felt the pull of its gate nearby. I circled the eira towards the dark grounds of the plain. Across the lands, I could see the dotted reds of the kyrion eira on the black earth.
The ring began tugging more urgently. I pulled it off and threw it into the winds. Anxiety choked me as the silver ring spun down into the darkness. For an instant, I thought it would only fall to the ground, and I had made a fatal error.
But the ring hovered. It raced across the grasses. I bent low over my eira as I urged it on in an avid pursuit. The whistles of the red eira sounded clearly as they gave chase to the silver ring.
We rode across the black grass of the plains, the tips of the grass so long, they brushed across the feathers of the eira’s underbelly. Behind, I could feel the kyrion knights closing the distance fast.
The earth exploded with a violence that shook the ground. My eira cried out. Dirt splattered against me and rained from the skies. Ly was above; the hine’s fire had scorched the earth behind me bare and black. The kyrion knights forced their eira into flight to avoid the smoldering earth. The silver glint of the key was lost amongst the swaying grass. I cursed. Ly sent another ball of fire crashing right beside me.
I flew high to avoid the onslaught. And I saw it.
A pool, like a liquid mirror, opened in an oval across the grass. At the sight of the gate, the joy that ripped through me was painful. I whistled with all the energy I had left, and together with my eira, we dove towards the silver pool.
The first blade struck me across the back. The force of it knocked my whole weight onto the eira’s neck. I gasped with a pain that shocked me. The warmth of blood soaked my shirt and I knew it stained through my coat.
I tried, but could not hold on to the eira anymore. I rolled off with the force of the blow, my face to the skies as I fell. Audrey flew towards me, the moonblade in her hand stained with blood. There was pity in her eyes and I knew she was sorry. She had never meant to bring me here. For any of this to have happened. I thought I heard myself laugh. I had wanted so badly to come.
Knights were flying in behind her, their moonblades in their hands. Sunlight opened beyond them, casting them into silhouettes. Before them all, Audrey looked down at me. I forgave her. But there was nothing to forgive.
She raised her moonblade and the sickles seemed to cut through me in the same instant. One sliced across my front and the other lodged itself deep. Red blood filled the air, like scarlet paint thrown from a bucket, blocking Audrey from sight. Somewhere, I was numb with shock. And somewhere else, I still missed her.
The swirling winds consumed me. Crimson washed my view as I fell through the cold, silver gate.




Chapter 32


Wind slashed through me in blades of ice. Shadows whirled across my vision until I was sick with dizziness. I was afraid I would be torn apart.
I collapsed onto solid earth, surrounded by a sudden warmth. Above, the boughs of an oak tree stretched beneath a pale blue sky. Sparks of sunlight peeked through between the leaves.
I sobbed on my hands and knees, the grass green and the dirt familiar underneath me. All around, the world was twittering to a brand new day.
Through the blur of my tears, the salmon-colored walls of the music building stood complacently beneath the shade of trees, as if nothing had ever happened. In the distance, I could hear cars and the voices of students. Above it all, the Campanile struck the time.
The day was clear, and the sun too warm for my fur coat. I ripped it off with an effort that almost drained me. It was wet with blood. I cried, shaking as I took it in my hands. My hands came away, red and stained.
It had worked. It had all worked.
Audrey had been brilliant.
I laughed through the sweat and tears falling down my face. I was home, surrounded by what I thought I would never see again.
I took off my shirt. It was dyed a thorough red, the back of it ripped from the lion’s claw in Moreina.
Finally, with a relief, I unbound the bags of fairies’ blood strapped to my torso.
Audrey’s blades had sliced through them cleanly, her aim worthy of the kyrion repute. When we had planned everything in the Great Hall, I was worried she would miss. She had assured me, but doubt had assailed me nevertheless. However, Audrey’s blades had been precise. A couple of the quilted bags were even still intact. I supposed I could drink fairies’ blood one last time, after all. I picked up a bag and flicked off the cap. I held it, warm in my hand.
All the knights would attest to my death and Audrey would be free of any charges related to my escape. Tensions between her and Satinah would not escalate. And I – I was free. I was home.
I sat at the base of the oak, the sun falling fresh and clean around the shade. Soon, I would see my friends again. Soon, I would go with them to San Francisco for movies and dinners. I would play volleyball on the beach over summer. And the winter after that, I would enjoy dinner-before-dinners, family upon families, and the usual procession of Christmas films. Life would hum along at Berkeley, just as it always had, as if I had never left it for a moment. Shops would open, students would crowd the streets, classes would start, and tests would be taken. Soon, I would join that rhythm again, a different person in the same routine. And for the first time, I marveled at my world for what it was.
I leaned back against the tree, tilted the fairies’ blood to my mouth, and drank the sweet wine. Yet, it was good to savor the memory of magic.




Epilogue


I never went back to Alhallra. I often wondered what life was like for Audrey at the Krystalline.
A few months after I had returned to the pace of my familiar life, I walked out of the back doors of the music building. I stood there, remembering Audrey and the night of the rainstorm when she had saved me. Ravens flew in the dark sky, and I played with the thought that one of them was a messenger.
As if my thought were materializing into reality, I saw a raven with a silver band across its leg. It flew to me, and beneath its wing was a letter from Audrey.
She confirmed that Satinah had been convinced of my death. Audrey and Jesath were the only ones who knew the truth. I was safe.
I still miss Audrey. I remember her laugh was like a bell, her smile crooked and wry. I miss her, as one might miss a beautiful dream on waking. Perhaps, I would have looked back one day and thought of it as such, if the occasional messenger did not come, black-winged under the cover of night, to remind me of reality.
Over the years, Audrey wrote to me with news of Alhallra. One of Jesath’s kids left to chase a dream across the seas. I heard of that from Jesath as well. He made sure I kept my promise to send him whatever he asked from my world. And so I did. Among many things, I sent him a copy of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, and made some joke about Oompa-Loompas.
Not long after we began our correspondence, I received a letter from Audrey telling me of Satinah’s death. The queen’s death had thrown the entire land into mourning, and the longest and palest shrouds flew from every structure to honor her. Her life was painted as a mural on the windows of the Great Hall. Few are ever so honored, so Audrey tells me. During her funeral, Satinah’s body was placed on a white ship sailing towards a distant land of trees that she had loved. Her funeral was the first time Hallain returned to Alhallra. And that was the year that Audrey became queen.
After that, there was less time for messengers. But every once in a while, a dark raven would still cross my path. Often, Audrey and I would try to arrange to meet. But the busyness of life always snatched the opportunity away. And our lives went on, and the years fell away.
Until today.
Today, I wait on the back steps of the music building, on the exact spot where I first met her. To see her again, for the first time after so many years.
The salmon-colored building is as pink as it ever was, and the toll of the Campanile the same as it had been since the day I arrived as a freshman. The tint of evening shrouds the campus, and a few odd notes sound within the music department.
As I wait, I wonder if I had never chosen to go to the music rooms that night, if I had simply taken the front doors out, or if it hadn’t rained, then perhaps I would still have that same easy life I had always known, secure on my island. Perhaps I would have married, grown old and died, without ever having left that shelter. And sometimes I wonder if that mundane life would have been better. If I hadn’t walked out of those doors that night, I would never have been burdened with the secret of another world to keep, never have to carry within me a sense of confusion and difference, and never be bothered with moments of doubt regarding my own sanity.
But when I think about the wonders I saw, when I think about the uniqueness of what I experienced, the beauty that I now know – it was all worth the cost. I had wished for something beyond my island and my wish had been realized beyond my wildest hopes. I owe Audrey what I can never repay. Because of her, I had sailed out and discovered the possibilities of life. Sometimes, one person can step into your world and change it forever. Change. It can be a shocking thing, but it can also be a relief, like a shower on a landscape of desert.
How foolish I was to have thought life a boredom. Life is only boring when you cease to imagine what might lie beyond.
And now, I think I see her, beneath the boughs of a familiar oak tree.




About the Author


T.L. Rese was born in Houston, TX. When she was seven, her family moved to Upstate NY, where she grew up before moving to California when she was eighteen. Specializing in epic fantasy, she now has a PhD in Creative Writing from Royal Holloway, University of London, and a BA in English from UC Berkeley. Her hobbies include travel, photography, piano, and horseback riding.

For more information on Rese’s books and where to find them, feel free to visit her blog: tlrese.wordpress.com




READING GROUP DISCUSSION QUESTIONS


1.The Gift Stones draws on the tradition of the portal story, in which someone from our world goes into a world of fantasy. How is The Gift Stones similar to or different from other portal stories, such as Narnia, The Wizard of Oz, or Alice in Wonderland? 
2.Kevin begins the novel as an ordinary college student. How is he changed by his unordinary experiences throughout the course of the story? How does he react to the extraordinary circumstances? How is his perception of life different at the end of the novel? 
3.The Gift Stones contains multiple stories and histories within Kevin’s central storyline. What techniques does the author use to interweave these different stories? Which is your favorite sub-story and why? 
4.Consider Kevin and Audrey’s relationship. In what ways is it a typical boy-meets-girl relationship? In what ways is it different from what is ordinary? 
5.What are some of the main themes in The Gift Stones? How does the novel address such concepts as adventure, the mundane, the extraordinary, the different, and home? 
6.Have you read the other novels in the Sky Lands series? If so, how does The Gift Stones compare to the other books? How is it similar? How is it different? Do you like it more or less than the other novels? 

