Arrival (Maddy Young Saga 1)
by
Nick Pirog

-Smashwords Edition-

Published by:
Nick Pirog

Copyright © 2013 Nick Pirog

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.


Chapter 1. 
Arrival 

“How did you die?” 
I turned my head. The girl couldn’t have been more than seven. She had light brown hair held back in a ponytail. Her nose was dusted with light freckles, her cheeks as well, only not as densely as the freckles on her nose.  She waited a second for my response, then said, “I went into diabetic shock.” 
I nodded, like this wasn’t the craziest thing I’d ever heard. 
She continued, “I have an uncle here. Uncle Trent. He died in a car crash when I was five. I’m supposed to go live with him I guess.” 
She wrinkled her nose. I had a feeling she didn’t like Uncle Trent. Maybe Uncle Trent was like my Uncle Bill. Maybe Uncle Trent liked to make up stories after ten cans of Miller High Life, then get pissed off when you told him he was full of shit. 
“So how did you die?” she came again. 
This was the hundredth time I’d been posed that question in three days. How did you die? It was yet to lose its level of absurdity. 
I took a deep breath and said, “I slipped in the shower.” I kept the part about how I’d been jerking off at the time to myself. No sense upsetting this delicate flower more than was necessary. 
I surveyed the other people in the small room. There were twelve altogether. Plus me. A baker’s dozen. Each was clad in the same getup. Scrubs. That blue meets green color.  Coolmint. There were two black people. A man and a woman. Both appeared to be in their thirties. A boy around fifteen, his hair dangling in his eyes. Two old people. One in a wheelchair. One sucking from an oxygen tank. A couple of men around fifty. An Asian woman. Then four women of that indiscriminate age between fifty and sixty. 
I peered more closely at the woman to my right. Her eyes were puffy, the lines of her face stretched tight with fear. In fact, as I swept over each individual, I noticed the only shared trait among the group was the fear. Like each was staring into the face of a Bengal tiger. 
My gaze returned to the small girl. She was the exception. She didn’t have the fear. In fact, at the present moment, she had something black in her hands. I was not so far removed from childhood that I knew it was a PSP. Playstation Portable. She noticed my eyeing her and smiled. She said, “Grand Theft Auto.” 
I found myself letting out a small chuckle. My first in the past seventy-two-hour period. Not many laughs when no one will tell you anything, you are asked thousands of questions, are continually hooked to a machine, have a hand shoved in your ass, your balls fondled, every mole on your body inspected, your teeth cleaned, eyes checked, and are drained of at least a gallon of blood. 
The girl continued, “I was up playing it all night. I forgot to take my insulin. I was playing it when I died. They gave it to me a couple days ago.” 
She broke eye contact and went back to her game. Interesting. She died and her PSP had come with her. Did this mean that when her parents walked into her room the next morning and found her dead, her PSP was gone? Or was it there, clasped in the whites of her hands. I didn’t have much else to go on. I mean, the only thing in my hand when I died was my dick. 
In three days, there hadn’t been many answers—only promises that in time everything would make sense. The only answer, the only definitive thing that anyone would share, the only time anyone would look you directly in the eye was when you asked them if you had died. 
They wouldn’t waver, they wouldn’t blink, they would only nod their head and say, “Yes.” 

⠔

It was silent for the next ten minutes. Everyone anticipating the door opening and answers walking through. The room itself was antiseptic. A third grade classroom meets a military quarantine. The windowless walls were a light blue. There were four rows of four chairs. Three empties. The chairs were white plastic, just slightly reclined, but not enough to relax, or be comfortable in any way. There was a flat screen television on the facing wall. I was in the front row, ten feet from the large-screen TV. It was on screensaver and the manufacturer's name was plastered on the icy blackness in giant white lettering.
SONYY. 
The overall energy in the room was similar to a doctor’s waiting room. Or more accurately, an oncologist’s waiting room. Like everyone here had found a lump and was waiting to hear they would be okay. Or if they would surely die. Only, everyone here was already dead. That’s what I was trying to wrap my head around when the silence was broken. Not by any sound, but by the stale air diffusing into parts unknown. 
The door exhaled, a leg propping it open. The owner of the leg was also the proud owner of a white lab coat, its bottom half hanging over brown slacks, which led to brown dress shoes. A doctor’s leg. In the silence it was evident the doctor was having a conversation with someone in the hallway. 
I strained to hear the words, but I could only hear the muffled, throaty voices of grown men. After thirty seconds, the man straightened, and walked briskly into the room. I squinted. He looked to be in his late thirties.  He had that perfect olive skin you only see on commercials and in magazines. He had a sharp nose and thin, wispy brown hair. He was maybe 5’10”, maybe a hundred and sixty pounds. This put him six inches shorter than me and six pound lighter. He wasn’t unattractive. Nor was he striking. He struck me as a Matt. If you took all six men leaning forward, almost hovering over their uncomfortable white plastic chairs, and put them in a blender, Matt might be what you came out with. 
Matt walked to the front of the room, settling in directly in front of the flat screen. That second Y, that extra Y that someone had decided to tack onto the old reliable lettering that had been imprinted on my DVD player, that unnecessary Y that was causing me more grief and anxiety than the Bar exam I’d been studying for, was still visible, clinging to the right edge of Dr. Matt’s lab coat. 
Matt cleared his throat and in a voice a hundred pounds heavier than his body, he told us his name was Dr. Raleigh. He had a disarming manner about him and you could almost feel the collective pulse of the room drop a hundred points. He said, “Now I’m sure you have plenty of questions and over the next couple days, I will try to answer most, if not all of them.” 
“Where are we?” 
Twelve heads turned and stared at the black man who had blurted out the question we’d all been thinking for the past three days. At least the question I’d been thinking for the past three days. I couldn’t be certain how long each of my classmates had been here. 
Everyone whipped their heads backwards and bore their eyes into Dr. Raleigh. He gave a wry smile and said, “The truth of it all is that no one knows—” 
I almost heard myself yell, “What? What do you mean nobody knows. What kind of lame answer is that?” 
If I did say these words aloud they were drowned out by a woman bursting into tears and someone—I think the same black man—jumping out of his seat and screaming, “Nobody knows! My ass! Where the fuck are we?” 
“He wasn’t finished.” 
I looked at the young girl. She was staring at the black man, her video game held in one hand. “He wasn’t finished,” she repeated. 
The man sat down. The room went silent. I found myself fighting back a smile. 
Dr. Raleigh looked at the small girl and said, “Thank you. You’re right, I wasn’t finished.” 
He waited for her to acknowledge him, but she was already back to her video game. Already in the process of stealing a car. Or killing a hooker. 
Dr. Raleigh looked up and said, “As I said, nobody knows what this place is, or where it is. The truth is that it doesn’t matter. This is, for all intents and purposes, the same as where you came from. Where we all came from. It’s the same Earth. Same solar system: Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter. All of them. The food is the same, the weather is the same, TV is basically the same, the buildings look almost the same, the cars. Most things are the same. There are, of course, some small differences, but we’ll get to that later. The only major difference between where you are now and where you were is, everyone here has died.” 
I noticed he didn’t say that everyone here was dead. For all of us, all thirteen of us, plus Dr. Raleigh, we were very much alive. Not ghosts, not replicas of our old selves. This wasn’t heaven or hell, or some sort of purgatory. We were the same exact person on the same exact Earth and with, as far as I could construe, the same exact problems. Only we had died. Only the seven-year-old girl next to me forgot to take her insulin and she’d died. And I couldn’t shake the image of Joni Isaac bending over to get her notebook and I was jerking off in the shower and I slipped and hit my temple on the water spigot and I’d died. 
I looked around the room. My comrades didn’t seem to feel as relieved about the prognosis as I did. For the most part, faces were still stricken, eyes still puffy, heads still down. But then again, most of these people had families. Families they would never see again. Kids, they would never play with again.  Other than me, the teenager, and the young girl, there was a good chance everyone in this room had children they would never again lay eyes on. 
For the first time in my life, I felt lucky. Lucky I only talked to my parents for six or seven minutes once a year, five of those minutes spent listening to my father talk about how his portfolio had grown in the last quarter and his recent real estate purchases throughout Fort Lauderdale. Lucky my only sibling was twenty-five years older than me, with a family, and a job, and didn’t want to be a part of her accidental little brother’s life. Lucky I moved out the day I left for college and never looked back. Lucky I never took a dime of my father’s millions. Lucky I was a loner. 
No, I had no idea what any of these people were feeling. How could I? How could I possibly know what any of these people were going through? I couldn’t. Couldn’t even scratch the surface. 
“Yes.” 
I looked up. Dr. Raleigh was looking at one of the menopausal fifty-something women. She had her hand raised. 
Dr. Raleigh said, “You have a question.” 
She sniffed a couple times and said, “They must have a name for this place. They must call it something.” 
“Actually they do.”  He cleared his throat and said, “Welcome to Two.”



Chapter 2. 
Orientation

Dr. Raleigh said he was going to show us a short movie and if we still had questions after the movie, he would answer them. The lights dimmed and SONYY faded from the screen. The last movie I’d watched was the Adventureland DVD. I was a movie fanatic, going to the theater once or twice a week, sometimes with a buddy from law school, sometimes with a girl, but mostly by myself. It’s sad that I wouldn’t necessarily miss my own father, but I would miss Matt Damon. 
The TV came to life, showing exactly what I’d expected, a long-distance shot of Earth. And Dr. Raleigh hadn’t been lying. It looked the same. Six continents. Four oceans.
A voice over began.  
“As you can see it is the same Earth as you remember. And as far as our scientists can tell, it behaves as such.  But is it identical?  Probably not, and for no other reason than a different group of people inhabits this Earth. It would be foolish to think we would have the same impact as our fellow humans had on the past Earth. And how long have people been here in Two? Well, for as long as people have been dying.” 
The planet faded and small clips began running. A series of businessmen and women hustling and bustling into a metropolitan high-rise. A bunch of Asian people wading through rice paddies, their faces partially hidden under large straw hats. A professional football game. One team looked like the Patriots, the other had the colors of the Raiders, but there was a different emblem on the helmet. The Patriots were killing them. 
I recalled what Dr. Raleigh had said, “Most things are the same. There are, of course, some small differences.” 
The stadium was packed. People were still screaming. People still had beers and hot dogs in their hands. The Los Angeles Raiders look-alikes still sucked. 
A voice-over began, “The population of Two is 2.4 billion people. Roughly, one third of the 6.6 billion people living on the past Earth. It is not known how people come to be here. How they are chosen. Or if they are chosen. There is no pattern.”  They ran a clip of every group of people you could imagine—white, black, Russian, Muslims, Christians, Koreans, Jews, militants. “No race, no religion, no sect, has a greater percentage of its dead that come to Two.”
They showed news coverage of the recent election. A reporter was asking a wrinkled old man, who had to be in his nineties, about the new president. Underneath the old man was the caption, “Ex-president John F. Kennedy weighs in on president elect Jonathan Hart.” 
I could hear the two old men in the back rustling. I had a feeling this had hit home with both of them. 
They showed clips from a tsunami that had hit India and a bunch of soldiers unpacking aid relief supplies. They showed clips of war. It appeared there was still fighting in the Middle East. A news correspondent spoke of the fighting. A couple countries had different names. Harazz. Jerualamabad. 
They showed a clip from the Olympics. The 2008 Olympics were held in Chile. They ran the trailer from Heath Ledger’s new movie, The Flyaway. 
After another ten minutes of short clips they cut to a man. He was standing on the steps of a government building. I thought I recognized him, some local actor or news reporter who had been in a plane crash when I first moved to Colorado. He said, “As you can see, our world is the same as the world you are used to. I’m standing here on the steps of the capitol building in beautiful Denver, Colorado. As you can see it resembles the capitol building you have seen or even visited in your previous life. Of course it couldn’t be identical. It was built by different people.” 
I took a second to digest this. I’d assumed that all these buildings, take the capitol for instance, had been here. But that wasn’t the case. People had died, then people had built a capitol building. It was only natural the people who built it would want it to resemble the capitol building they remembered. That’s why it was similar. But not identical. 
The man continued, “In case you are wondering, you are in Denver right now. You are sitting in a Two Adjustment Facility or TAF.”
So, I was still in Denver. Just a different Denver. I thought of that old Andy Garcia movie, Things to Do in Denver When You’re Dead. 
Right.
“You will remain at the TAF for five days, whereby the staff will decide whether it is safe for you to enter Two.”
This didn’t sit well with me. A bit too 1984 for my taste.  I’d basically been on my own since I was thirteen and now you were telling me that after having my body and brain poked and prodded, they were going to tell me if I was suited for reentry.  
I gave a quick glance at the door. If I made a break for it, could I make it outside? Or would I be tackled and sent God knows where?  No, better to show I was a well-adjusted young man.    
Anyhow, the movie lasted only a couple more minutes, then the lights flickered on. 
Dr. Raleigh walked to the front of the room and said, “Well, I hope that answered most of your questions. At least for now. Over the course of the next five days many more of your questions will be answered. Does anyone have any other questions right now?” 
I looked around. No one raised their hand. I had plenty of questions, questions about how the little girl’s PSP came with her, and questions about the cut on the side of my head, and how if you died of cancer, did you still have cancer, and questions about why one of three people who died came here and where did those other people go. 
I had so many questions. But like all the others, I kept my questions to myself. 

⠔

The door opened and two men walked in with boxes. They quickly went around the room and handed a box to everyone. I opened my box and found a turkey sandwich on whole wheat, an apple, a bag of almonds, and a bottle of water. The exact lunch I’d gotten for the past three days. 
The men exited and Dr. Raleigh said, “I thought we would have a quick bite to eat and each of you would go around the room and tell us a bit about yourself. Where you lived, your family, and how you died. This might be hard for some of you, but I can assure you it is the first step to adjusting to your new surroundings. Some of you may still be in denial and it might help some of you accept the fact that your old life is gone.” 
For the next twenty minutes, the only sounds were those of lips smacking, the seals of bottles coughing, and the crack of apples skins piercing. Finally, Dr. Raleigh said, “Okay, who wants to start?” 
No hands shot up. No one wanted to be first. And especially, not moi. I didn’t enjoy public speaking. Not a good attribute for an aspiring public defender. My chest was starting to tighten and I could feel the blood racing through my veins. 
Dr. Raleigh began looking about the room. I wondered if anyone else was dreading that he might look at them, point, and say, “Why don’t you start us off?” 
He raised his eyebrows a couple times, but he didn’t point at anybody, nor did he say, “You there, tell us how you died.” 
After thirty seconds, the young girl next to me said, “I’ll go. I don’t mind.” 
You could feel the entire room exhale. The average person would rather be in a room with a snake than stand up and talk about themselves in front of a group of strangers. And if the average person was anything like me, they would rather be bitten by said snake before they would stand up and recount how they died jerking off in the shower. 
Dr. Raleigh said, “Why don’t you tell us a bit about yourself, then you can tell us how you died.” 
She shrugged and said, “Okay. My name is Berlin.” 
“Berlin? Like the city?” 
Berlin rolled her eyes. “My mom was this crazy hippie. Don’t ask.” 
A couple people laughed. Including me. 
She went on, “I’m seven. Like I said, my mom was this crazy hippie and we moved around a lot. My dad is some guy my mom met in Chicago. His name is Jack. Jack doesn’t come around all that much. Like not at all. I saw a picture of him once. He’s not bad looking, which is a plus. I mean, I’m lucky I don’t have red hair or something. But I guess, if someone else had been my dad and not Jack, I wouldn’t be here. Not here, like this place, I probably wouldn’t have been born. Some other little girl would have been. Or boy. I’m not really sure how all that works.” 
I noticed everyone peering at young Berlin the same. Everyone thinking the same thing, a bit profound for a seven-year-old? 
Berlin went on to tell how she and her mom had moved around a lot. Ten different states in her short seven years. They would stay at some hippie colony for a couple months, then her mom would get a job as a waitress and they would live at a motel, then they would be moving again. They never had much money, but they always had enough. And her mom was smart, although in a different sort of way. They always had health insurance; her mom still made her go to the dentist once a year for her annual check up. When they found out she had diabetes—she was four—they went to the best doctor, and got the best medicine and the latest supplies. Berlin ended it with, “Yeah, she was a pretty good mom I guess.” 
This hit people differently and a couple people started crying. I didn’t. 
Dr. Raleigh tried to stem the flow of tears and said, “Why don’t you tell us how you died.”
So Berlin told us. How she’d turned seven on September 8th, four days ago, and she’d gotten a PSP for her birthday, and how she was up all night playing it and how she forgot to take her insulin and she died. 
Cut and dry. 
There was silence. No one wanted to follow up a seven-year-old. Like going on stage after Chris Rock. 
Dr. Raleigh took a step forward and said, “My name is Raleigh Devroe. I was born in Mississippi, moved around a bit, then came to Denver when I was nine. I went to George Washington High School. If any of you know Chauncey Billups from the Denver Nuggets, he was a year below me. Man, that was something to watch that guy play. I even got to watch him play in college. We both went to CU, he only for a couple years. Anyhow, I graduated, got decent enough grades, and decided to apply to a couple med schools. I got into a couple of them, but decided to keep it local and went to CU Medical School.” 
This wasn’t an easy thing to do. CU Medical School wasn’t the toughest school to get into, but it wasn’t easy. 
Raleigh continued, “Christmas break after my first semester, a buddy and I were skiing Monarch pass. I’d been skiing all my life, since I was five. There wasn’t anything I couldn’t ski. My buddy and I were doing some backcountry stuff and we heard this rumble and the next thing we knew, we had about a million pounds of snow coming down at us at eighty miles an hour.” 
He paused, took a deep breath. “I can still remember getting hit. Still remember coming to. Still remember my friend Jeremy screaming my name. Thank God he made it out. And then my air ran out. And I died.” 
Everyone was quiet. Raleigh’s face went somber. He was there. He was back in that avalanche, buried under who knows how many pounds of snow. He snapped out of it and said, “That was thirteen years ago. And I sat in the same chairs you’re sitting in right now. I went through the same tests you went through, answered the same questions, and I went through the same program you will go through over the course of the next couple months. Went back to school, became a doctor, and now I help people with their transition to this life. I got married last summer and we’re expecting to get our first child in January. All in all, I have a great life.”
And everyone in those white plastic chairs believed him. Dr. Raleigh went through exactly what we’d been going through. And here he was years later, happy, well adjusted. But one thing disturbed me. He didn't say, "Expecting our first child," he said, "Expecting to get our first child." I thought about asking him what he meant, but someone, one of the women, had already begun telling her tale. 
Dr. Raleigh’s story got people in the storytelling mood and one by one people started recounting life stories. Telling anecdotes—where they grew up, college, kids, lovers—before finally getting to how they had ultimately perished. It was therapeutic in a way and you could see a weight had been lifted off people’s shoulders after they’d shared their stories. I was no longer terrified when I would have to speak. My heart was still racing and it felt like I’d just walked in from a torrential downpour, but I was no longer terrified. I would no longer pick the room with the snake. 
Both the old men were long-winded, as both had led long interesting lives. One had been career army, retiring as a two star general. He had a purple heart from Korea and a couple other medals from Vietnam. He went on and on and on, and then he told us how he’d been driving home from his daughter’s house and gotten in a car accident. 
The other old man was an inventor and had a couple patents on microwave parts that had made him a small fortune. He spent most of his life traveling the world and to quote him, “Romancing the ladies.” He had a house in Aspen and had been on his way up when he’d gotten into a car accident. Same day as the other old guy. Same time. Same road. 
I’m not sure if anyone else was drawing on this coincidence, but I was pretty sure these two old farts had killed each other. 
One woman had a rare disease that killed her. The doctors on Two had given her a new medicine and she was responding well to it. Another woman had epilepsy. She died while having a seizure. Or she assumes that’s how she died. One of the guys had a bad sinus infection and he mixed a bunch of medicines, as well as pot and booze, and his heart stopped. His sinus infection was gone. Another guy was eating at Elways, a steakhouse in Denver, and he’d been choking and excused himself to go to the bathroom. 
I’d once read an article in Maxim that five hundred men died each year from choking and only one woman. That’s because women would freak out and someone would give them the Heimlich, whereas guys would try to play it off and go the bathroom, and as in Floyd’s case, not be able to expunge the large piece of prime rib from their airway. Another guy, the black guy, drowned in a pool. 
A couple more car crashes, a couple diseases I’d never heard of, and suddenly the only people not to have recounted their deathly tale were myself and the sullen teenager. I could feel all the eyes in the room floating between both the emo-kid and myself. Watching us like a tennis match to see who would raise their hand. 
My heart raced and my mouth turned into the Sahara. I raised my hand. All the eyes found their way to me. I said, “My name is Maddy Young.” 
I took a deep breath and said, “I’m a law student at the University of Denver.” I laughed. “I mean, I was a law student. I graduated in December and took the bar in March.” 
“I heard that shit is hard as hell,” said the black guy who couldn’t swim. 
I nodded. “Yeah, it’s a bitch. I got a 100.” 
“You lie.” He looked impressed all the same. I saw a couple eyebrows rise around the room. These people thought they were in the presence of genius. 
I set them straight. “I got 100 out of a possible 400.” You had to get 176 more points than I got to pass. 
“So you failed.” 
“Miserably.” 
I heard Dr. Raleigh give a sharp laugh in the corner. I looked at him. He smiled and said, “Don’t worry, I took the MCATS three times.” 
I smiled at him. 
“I was scheduled to take the Bar again next week.” I hadn’t thought of this yet and I found it depressing. All those hours studying. All that money.  I took a deep breath and said, “Anyhow, how I died isn’t very interesting. I was in the shower, I was washing my hair and the next thing I remember is falling. I woke up here with twenty stitches in my head and a horrible headache.” 
I looked at Dr. Raleigh, I wondered if he knew I was rubbing one out when I’d slipped. If Dr. Raleigh was aware of this, he didn’t show it. He did ask, “What about family? You didn’t mention any family.” 
“I don’t have any.” 
And we left it at that. Twenty-six eyes moved from me to the emo-teenager. He was staring straight down. His face in his hands. His greasy hair hanging over his eyes. He looked familiar, but I suppose all those emo-kids look pretty much the same.  
Dr. Raleigh looked at him and said, “You’re up.” 
The kid didn’t say anything. Didn’t even flinch. Dr. Raleigh had seen this before. He said, “We can’t leave this room until everyone has told their story. That’s how it works.” 
I should mention we’d been in this room for going on six hours. We were ready to be done. Ready to return to our little rooms, with our little bathrooms, and our little beds, and watch some TV. The TV’s wouldn’t turn on before. I had a feeling they would turn on tonight.
Ten minutes went by. Then twenty. The teenager hadn’t moved. Hadn’t even blinked. I was starting to think maybe he was dead. Again. The black guy stood up and walked over to him. I don’t know if he whispered in his ear that he was going to kill him if he didn’t start talking, or if it was his favorite proverb, or a black joke, or what, but the kid snapped out of it. 
He looked up and said, “My name is Damon. I’m fourteen. My dad started beating the shit out of me when I was seven. Started fucking my little sister when she was eight. I bought a gun. I shot him. Then I shot myself.” 
I’d heard about this. I’d seen it on the news. It had happened two days before I’d died. That’s why the kid looked so familiar. I’d seen his picture on the television. 
Damon looked around, then said, “And if that motherfucker is here. I’m going to find him and I’m going to cut him into a million pieces.”
Yikes. 
Dr. Raleigh said, “I think that’s enough for today.” 




Chapter 3. 
Counseling

When I sat down in the chair opposite my designated TAC, Two Adjustment Counselor, I examined every square inch, and there were several, of Dr. JeAnn Tury. 
She was big, with hairy arms, a hairy lip, and large glasses that fed into short spiked grayish hair. She wore a tan polo shirt. I would imagine JeAnn Tury was partial to the women, if not for being cast aside by men for a good twenty years. She gave a disarming smile and I instantly felt at ease. 
I should mention I was wearing a pair of jeans, a gray hooded sweatshirt, and sandals. In addition to the contacts, when I had awoken this morning, I had found a pile of neatly folded clothes at the foot of my bed. A couple pairs of jeans, five or six shirts, two hoodies, some socks, a pair of Converse, some sandals, and three pairs of boxer briefs. Oddly enough, the clothes they had picked for me weren’t far-off the clothes I would have picked for myself. There was, of course, a logical explanation for this. During one of the intensive question and answer sessions I had in my first three days, I’d been asked to describe a typical outfit I might wear. It would appear someone had been listening. 
Dr. Tury introduced herself and told me to call her JeAnn. I told her that in that case she could call me Mr. Young, which she found humorous. After sitting her large frame down, JeAnn said, “I hope the testing over the course of the past couple days wasn’t too grueling.”
“It’s still uncomfortable to sit down, but I’ll live.” 
“That’s good to hear.” She stifled a chuckle and said, “So, my job is to help you adjust to your new surroundings. How are you feeling so far?” 
I shrugged. “It’s a little crazy, sort of hard to wrap your head around, but I think I’ll get there.” 
“Good, good.” 
“I thought Dr. Raleigh was my counselor.” 
“Dr. Raleigh is the head counselor for the entire facility. There are four other counselors, including myself, who deal with the Arrivals on a more intimate level. More hands on. I’ll help you acclimate to your new environment, anything from setting up a new bank account, to finding a place to live, to finding a job. All that crap.” 
I laughed. 
She added, “But if you ever have any questions for Dr. Raleigh his door is always open.”
“Good to know.” 
After a moment’s pause, I asked, “How long have you been here?” 
She peered up at the ceiling and exhaled. “Gosh. . . in May it will have been twenty-seven years.”
I knew it was coming before she started. I’d learned to recognize the look. 
“It was May 5th, 1982. I was fifteen years old, living in Nebraska at the time. It was a Tuesday. My school was about two miles away from our house and my brother and I, Johnny—he was a year younger than me—would walk home from school everyday. “
She took a deep breath. 
“You could tell a storm was coming, but I thought we could make it back in time. The sky turned from blue to black, then yellow. The siren went off. Johnny and I ran, but then we couldn’t see, we were enveloped by this swirling yellowness. And then it was like a bomb went off. The loudest sound I’d ever heard and I grabbed Johnny and covered him, but the tornado just ripped me off him.” 
She went silent. 
I could see her eyes were moist. 
She said, “I’d like to think that Johnny made it.” 
“So he didn’t come here?” 
“No.” 
But according to Dr. Raleigh, only one out of every three people who died came to Two. So technically, Johnny could have died and gone somewhere else. Or Johnny could have survived. But Johnny didn’t survive. Johnny died at the hands of the tornado, just as his big sister had died at the hands of the tornado. And I knew this because they had documented the tornado she was speaking of on Storm Stories on the weather channel. I was a big weather guy. For a long time, I’d wanted to be a storm chaser. Some kids want to be in the NBA, I wanted to chase tornadoes. I grew out of this obsession when I was about fifteen, but to this day I DVR’d every show on the Weather Channel. Anyhow, a couple months back they'd done an episode on the deadliest tornado to ever make its way through Nebraska. May 5, 1982. They had interviewed JeAnn and Johnny’s parents. Johnny hadn’t made it. I thought about telling JeAnn about her brother. But JeAnn already knew. 
JeAnn said, “So, that’s my story. Now that we have that out-of-the-way, why don’t you ask me all the questions that have been burning inside you since you got here.” 
I pulled a piece of paper from my back pocket and unfolded it. 
“I see you came prepared.” 
“Always.” Or most of the time. Or sometimes. Or once. 
I started at the top of the list. “How many people here died and how many people were born here?” 
JeAnn's eyes shot open and I asked, “What?” 
“Nothing, it’s just not a question I’m used to getting day one with a new Arrival.” She paused. Looked at her computer. Hit a couple buttons. Took a deep breath. “No one is born in Two, but Borns—" she caught herself.  
“Did you say Borns? What’s a Born?"
She leaned forward and whispered, "Trust me, you'll know. Now, listen, we shouldn't be talking about this."
I wanted to ask, "Why? What's the big deal?" But instead, I said, "So women can’t get pregnant here?"
She nodded. "When a female dies, no matter what age, all their eggs die with them."
"But the Borns—”
She put her hand up. “Next question, Mr. Young." 
I put an asterisk next to Borns in my mental file folder and asked, “Does Two have a high rate of suicide?” 
Again she raised her eyebrows. “Why do you ask that?” 
“All these people have died, they come to Two and they have a clean slate. I had a quarter of a million dollars in school loans and I come here and I don't owe a penny. I’m not saying I ever contemplated killing myself, but you can see how after coming here, someone might get themselves in  trouble—financial or criminal—and decide to pull out a gun and blow their brains out. Start fresh again. Go to Three.” 
“You are a bright kid. In fact, we do have a high suicide rate. And for that very reason. People get themselves in trouble and want a fresh start. But no one knows where people go when they die here. That's the rub. As for the gun part, there are no guns here.” 
“None?” 
“None.” 
“Even law enforcement?” 
“Stun guns. Nothing that shoots bullets.” 
“What about a black market?” 
“Some. But law enforcement cracks down hard on gun dealers. We have a three-strike law.”
“Colorado has a three-strike law?” 
“No. The entire world.” 
She must have noticed the perplexed look on my face and explained, “There are boundaries, different governments, different states even, but the entire world works together on issues of safety, environment, punishment, and healthcare. You get one strike in Alabama, another in Germany, and another in Ecuador, you go away for life.” 
As a prospective lawyer, I found this tidbit almost too much to digest. The entire world working together. Could that work? Was I in favor of this? Or was this overboard?  Big Brother and all that. I needed a couple hours to swish this around my brain cavity. Anyhow, this was a great lead in to my next question.  I thought about the teenager.  Damon.  “What if you murdered someone in your past life and then you come here, do you get a clean slate?” 
“You couldn’t see it, but when you were forced through those grueling question and answer sessions, you were being monitored by the most advanced lie detection software known to man.” 
I’d read enough spy novels and seen enough thrillers to know lie detection technology was incredible these days, constant blood pressure readings, pupil dilation measurements, sweat readings, stuff that measured the pitch of your voice. 
 “But I wasn’t asked whether I committed any crimes.” 
“After the initial Q & A, the computer tells us the likelihood you have committed a violent crime in your past. You were given a two out of seven. We don’t pursue it unless the computer gives us a four or higher.” She paused for a moment, then said, “We are not interested if you got a minor in possession ticket when you were fifteen or if you got caught with ecstasy in your pocket in college.“
I sat back in my chair. How did they know? 
Before I could gather my thoughts, JeAnn smiled and said, “Now ask me the questions you think were too stupid to ask.” 
I filed the fact they knew of my two indiscretions without my ever recounting them, crumpled up the paper I was holding and asked, “Is Michael Jackson here?” 
JeAnn laughed. “Do you know that every Arrival for the past two months has asked me that question? No, I am sad to say the King of Pop is not here.” 
Damn.   
“How about Billy Mays?” 
“I don’t know who that is?” 
“OxyClean, OrangeGlo, Mighty Mendit, Quick Chop, Grip Wrench, Samurai Shark.” Yes, I owned all the following products. Or had. What can I say; I think it was his beard. 
Again she shook her head. 
No Michael. No Billy. WTF? 
I only had one question left, a question I had been dying to ask someone. “Tell me about Heath Ledger.” 
She smiled. “Heath came to us in January of last year. It was a big story. He appeared in Manhattan. My sister went to college with his Adjustment Counselor in New York and I got the inside scoop on him before his integration.”
“Integration?” 
“His integration into society. What you will be doing starting tomorrow.” 
“Oh.” 
“Anyhow, his first movie came out last Friday, The Flyaway. I loved it.” 
For some reason this hit home with me. It sounds stupid, but I felt like I knew someone here. I knew Heath. Kind of sad. 
I asked, “You said, he appeared.” 
“Right. He appeared.” 
“What does that mean?” 
“How do you think you got here?” 
“I have no idea.” 
“You appeared.” 
I guess I hadn’t thought about this yet. 
JeAnn said, “I’m surprised you haven’t asked yet. Usually it’s the first question people ask.” 
“What?” 
“They ask to see a video of their appearance.” 

⠔

JeAnn fiddled on her computer for a brief moment, then turned the laptop to face me. “Ready?” 
I wasn’t, but I nodded nonetheless. 
The screen came alive. It showed a stoop in front of a small two-story house. There was a date and time in the top right corner. It read, “09/10/2009, 17:03:36.” 
5:03 p.m. on September 10th, 2009.  
Right about now, I’d have just finished watching a rerun of Top Chef and would be stripping off my clothes. 
I looked at JeAnn. She was staring at me intently. I looked back at the screen. Twenty seconds went by. A man walked into the screen. He was dressed warmly, for it had been chilly that day, high around 45, and he was pulling a wagon with a small girl. The girl looked tired and was clutching a stuffed toy. The clock moved past 5:05. 
I’d accidentally flushed the toilet and about now I would be testing the water with my hand, patiently waiting for it to cool down. 
Nothing happened on screen. 
At 5:06:23 a mail carrier came into view. He walked up to the door, stuffed some mail through the slot, then exited as fast as he came. 
I would have just been getting settled in the shower. Washing my hair. Eyes closed. The water reeling off my back. My mind would drift to that study session. Joni had been wearing these short black shorts that had been rolled once at the waist, pulled tight against her tanned, toned, thighs. She had a small, red DU shirt on. Her face was a bit flushed and I knew she’d just put in a good hour on the elliptical. She took off her backpack and set it next to her chair, squatting to unzip the bag and retrieve her notebook. Her tiny red shirt lifted up her back and her little black shorts squished down a bit, revealing she wasn’t wearing any underwear. I tried not to stare at the perfectly outlined crevice that lead to possibly the most fantastic couple of square inches on the planet, but I was only human. I have this perfect picture in my mind, a snapshot burned into my cerebellum. 
I rinse the shampoo out of my hair and grab the conditioner. I put a healthy amount in my hand. Too much actually and I shake some off my hand and onto the shower floor. I don’t apply the conditioner to my hair. 
I watch the screen. If something is going to happen, it is going to happen any second. 
The clock moves past 5:08. 
It didn’t take long. My whole body tensed. I stagger forward a step. The shower floor is silky with the spilled conditioner and my left foot shoots forward. My right follows and I am falling. 
I move as close to the screen as possible, my head hovering just over the space bar. 
The clock inches towards 5:09. 
5:08:56. 
5:08:57. 
5:08:58. 
5:08:59. 
5:09:00. 
5:09:01. 
5:09:02. 
And then it happens. There I am. I just appear. 
I am lying on my side on the cold asphalt. I am still wet, glistening, the water slowly coloring the ground a charcoal black. Blood runs from the cut on my right temple, running down my left shoulder, streaking down my back, coloring my body a rusted red. 
Forty seconds pass, then three people enter the screen. They kneel beside me and slowly roll me over onto my back. 
They gasp. 
I gasp. 
Not me in the video. 
Me watching the video. 
My penis—in the video—is hard as a rock. There has never been a penis harder than my penis. 
A minute passes. The crowd grows. The screen is full of bodies. At least twenty of them. All staring at the naked kid on the sidewalk with a rock hard boner. I can see them laughing, jostling one another. 
And then three uniformed men show up. They wear blue uniforms with Two Arrival Unit inscribed in bright yellow. They part the crowd. One sees me and starts laughing. He hits one of the other guys on the shoulder. I could almost read his lips, “Holy shit. Look at this guy’s dick. Stiff as a board.” 
They cover me in a blanket, put me on a stretcher, and carry me away. 
The people slowly disappear from the screen and the clip ends. 
JeAnn looks at me and says, “Don’t feel bad. You weren’t the first. And you won’t be the last.”



Chapter 4. 
Integration

There was a knock at the door. 
I set the book down on my lap. I was sitting on the twin bed, propped up against the wall. I stared at the lime green door and pondered whose knuckles were responsible for the knock. Were they the olive skinned, slightly feminine knuckles of Dr. Raleigh? Possibly. Were they the fleshy and fat knuckles of Dr. JeAnn Tury? Doubtful. Fat knuckles make thuds, not knocks. Were they the darkly browned knuckles of my new friend Darrel.  Perhaps.  Or were they Beth’s knuckles. Maybe Beth wanted to see if I were finished reading the book yet. 
I picked the book up. 
As well as being a movie buff, I was an avid reader. Yesterday when we’d taken our “Integration” bus trip, we had stopped at an Allmart—comparable to a Target—and we were given an hour to shop. While I’d been picking up my special face soap, energy bars, and other necessities, I had walked past the book section, where there was a cardboard display of Michael Crichton’s new novel, The Tube. 
Back on the bus, when everyone was comparing purchases, Beth had noticed the book and asked if she could borrow it when I was done. I told her I would be finished by this time tomorrow. That had been around six. 
I glanced at the alarm clock on the desk just to my right. It was ten after six. This led me to believe Beth was behind the green door.  But, I suppose I’ve gotten a bit ahead of myself here. I’m going to back up to yesterday. 

⠔

My appointment with JeAnn was at 8:45 a.m. I took a seat across from her. The last time I had been seated across from her, less than twenty-four hours earlier, I’d watched myself appear from thin air with the boner of the century. 
Good times. 
Today, JeAnn was wearing what could only be called a muumuu. A purple muumuu. She looked like Barney if Barney was a fat, lesbian, wearing a purple muumuu. JeAnn was all business today. She passed a document to me and said, “Congratulations, you are officially a resident of Two.” 
I peered at the piece of paper. At the top was my legal name, Madison Young. Underneath was a date and time. The date and time I appeared. 
I asked, “Is this, like, my birth certificate?” 
“Arrival Certificate. It says so right there.” 
And it did. Right at the top. 
“And here is your TIC. Two Identification Card.” She handed me a card. It was white plastic. It looked like a license. There was a picture of me in the right corner. My dark hair draped across my forehead.  My hazel eyes were slightly downcast, three or four days worth of stubble shaded the bottom half of my face. I wasn’t sure when the picture had been taken. I didn’t recall anyone taking a picture of me. 
JeAnn said, “That card is your lifeline. It is your ID, it will unlock your apartment door, it’s your bank card, your everything.” 
I shook my head and said, “Bank card? But I don’t have any money.” 
“Sure you do.” She passed over a piece of paper. The header read, “Two National Bank.” It was a bank statement. At the bottom it showed a balance of ten thousand dollars. 
I raised my eyebrows. I’d never had more than five hundred dollars in a bank account my entire life. “I don’t know what to say.” 
“Don’t say anything. Everybody starts with ten grand. But it will go fast.” 
I nodded. 
She turned the computer towards me and said, “Swipe your card there, then answer seven of the possible fifteen security questions, then put in a password.” 
I did as she instructed. When I was finished, I leaned back. 
She said, “You have to swipe your card to get into any public place, so if you lose that you’re up shit creek.” 
I’d gone through eight ID’s in college and had been on my fifth license in three years when I’d kicked the bucket. “Don’t lose ID card. Got it.” 
I don’t think she appreciated my sarcasm. She gave me a dirty look, handed me a folder, and said, “Put everything in there, then go put it in your room.” 
I wanted to say, “Yes, mom.” But I didn’t feel like getting beat up by a purple lesbian. However, I did put all the paperwork in the folder, thanked her, and walked out the door. 
I made it halfway to my room when I stopped and padded my front pockets. I turned around. Standing in her doorway, looking like the grape cluster from the Fruit of the Loom commercials, was JeAnn. She was holding up my ID card. She did not look happy. 

⠔

An hour later, I was reunited with my “orientation” class. 
JeAnn had instructed me to report to the front of the building at ten, where a bus would be waiting for me. Where the bus would go was anybody’s guess. I signed out with a guard then was directed down a hall to a large door where I would swipe my TIC card—which I had successfully held onto for going on one hour—then wait on the front steps for the bus to arrive. 
After swiping my card, I pushed through the heavy metal door and into the crisp fall air. To my surprise, my orientation class was waiting for me. 
As I studied the quasi-familiar faces—the homogeneous trait of abject fear had lessened—I noticed three people were missing, the two old men and the little girl. I wondered if the old men were transferred to a different facility, or if their wheelchairs were a logistical problem for the trip, or if they had simply killed each other in another freak accident. As for the little girl, Berlin, I guessed she was shipped off to live with her uncle. It was odd, but I’d been looking forward to seeing her.
The ten of us were standing on the steps of the large gray brick building we’d called home for close to a week. I couldn’t speak for the other nine individuals, but this was the first time I’d been outside. The weather was overcast and the temperature felt to be in the low seventies. Normal for an early September morning in Denver. 
There was neatly cropped grass surrounding the building, leading to a large parking lot. The lot was a third full. The cars didn’t hover, nor did they have machine guns attached to the hoods. The cars looked like—well—cars. Beyond the parking lot was a high chain-link fence with a gate and a guard booth. The fence didn’t have barbed wire, but it still gave the illusion you did not enter or exit the property unless someone wanted you to. In the far distance, the skyscrapers of downtown were visible. The buildings were different and the large blue lettering of the QWEST building was missing, but it looked more or less the same. 
And if I had to guess, I’d say that was exactly where we were headed. 
Eight of us were standing on the steps leading into the building. It was amazing how different everyone looked outside and without their coolmint scrubs. The four soccer moms were huddled together; each clad in jeans and a different colored blouse. There appeared to be camaraderie there. This was also the case for the two white men. Again, each wore blue jeans. One man had on a gray flannel, the other a blue-collared shirt. They were talking animatedly. I overheard tidbits of the conversation, “. . . the Rockies would have taken the NL wildcard . . . I still can’t believe they let Jay Cutler go . . . did you see the construction on 1-70 west . . . Dish Network? You got any HD? . . .
Boys will be boys. 
Then there were the Asian woman, the black man, and the black woman. I wasn’t sure if they were huddled together out of familiarity or simply out of default because the other people—all white—had grouped together. They were off to my left. The black guy who couldn’t swim was telling a story. It wasn’t about Michael Phelps. 
That left the two loners. The emo-teenager, Damon, and myself. Damon was sitting in the grass near a marble sign that read, “Two Adjustment Facility.” He was sitting Indian style with his head down, his long black hair cascading down onto his knees. He was dressed in tight jeans and a black shirt. 
Oh, to be young. And fucked in the head. 
I stood there, hands in the front pocket of my red hooded sweatshirt, and tried not to listen to the three conversations going on around me. 
Where was that bus? 
As if on cue, the screeching sound of brakes filled the air. Ten heads whipped around and glared at the large Greyhound-ish looking bus that had pulled through the gates. The bus pulled up to the steps, came to a stop, the doors coughing open. 
Dr. Raleigh hopped down the steps, a huge smile on his face, and said, “Sorry, I’m late.” He waved over his shoulder and said, “Hop on.” 
The ten of us filed into the bus.  Dr. Raleigh gave a warm welcome to each individual, offering his knuckles to Damon just in front of me.  He looked at Dr. Raleigh as if to say, “You buffoon,” and for a moment I thought the kid was going to slug him. To take Dr. Raleigh’s mind of the young punk who’d left him hanging, I inquired, “Where are we going?” 
His smile returned and he chimed, “A bunch of different places.” 
I nodded, then found a seat at the back of the bus. I nestled up to the far window and gazed at the tall buildings. I found my heart was pounding. I was nervous, but I wasn’t exactly sure why. The people, the places, everything would be the same. Wouldn’t it? And everyone there would have been in my shoes at one time or another. Everyone had been an Arrival at some point. Right? 
The doors closed, the bus began to move, then stopped. The doors coughed open once more. I peered down the aisle. 
Dr. Raleigh barked, “I wondered where you were.” 
A head appeared. A little girl’s head. Berlin. 
She was wearing white overalls with an orange undershirt. Her hair was up in a ponytail with a green scrunchy. She had a bunch of necklaces and bracelets on. She looked like she was sponsored by Claire’s Boutique. She moved past Dr. Raleigh, “jingled” down the aisle, then took the seat right next to me. 
She patted me on the leg and said, “Sorry, I’m late.” 

⠔

We pulled through the gate and took a left on a side street. Over the bus’s intercom, Dr. Raleigh said, “Coming up on your right is the Adjustment House that most of you will be moving into tomorrow.” 
I leaned forward and peered out the opposite window. After a hundred yards, the beginnings of a large complex of small blue condos came into view. The condos were uniform and resembled any number of developments I’d seen in my past life. There were no fences, no gates, and the young woman closing her door appeared to come and go as she pleased. 
Dr. Raleigh said, “There are currently two hundred and thirteen residents at the Denver Adjustment House. It is just a stone’s throw from the Adjustment Facility and you are encouraged to stop by and see me anytime.” 
I could feel Berlin’s gaze burning a hole in my shoulder. I moved my gaze from the window, down to her freckled nose. She stared up at me. She didn’t say a word. She didn’t have to. I could tell she would give anything to be moving into one of those tiny blue homes come tomorrow. Give anything to never see her uncle again. 
I palmed her head with my hand, something I always found myself doing to little kids, and said, “I’ll talk to Dr. Raleigh. See if you can move in with me.” 
She stretched her face out as long as it could possibly stretch and said, “I can live with you?”
I nodded. 
“Promise?” 
“I promise.” 
She smiled and said, “Kay.” 
Dr. Raleigh’s voice came over the intercom, “You’ll notice the speed limits here are much lower than you remember. The number one reason people come to Two is because of a car accident, so road and car safety are extremely important here.” 
I didn’t give much thought to what he was saying. I was a tad preoccupied with the fact I had just promised this little girl she could come live with me. What was I thinking? What if I couldn’t fulfill my promise? I didn’t know the rules of this place. I had little hope they would let a seven-year-old girl move in with a stranger—not to mention a male stranger—one she’d known less than a week. And even scarier, what if they said it was okay. Now, I wouldn’t say I was the most selfish person in the world, but I’d been looking out for numero uno for the past fifteen years. Narcissism came with the territory. How was I expected to take care of another person when I could barely take care of myself? Would I have to cook for her?  Would I have to take her to school everyday? Read her a story at night? What if she got sick? 
These thoughts kept going through my head and I didn’t even notice we’d stopped moving. 
Dr. Raleigh said, “First stop. Off the bus everybody.” 
I shook my head and looked out the window. We were parked in the fire lane of a skyscraper. I craned my neck, gazing upward as far as the confines of the window would allow. 
“Come on.” 
I turned around. Berlin was standing in the aisle with her hand held out. I took it. 
We exited the bus and joined the group huddled in a small circle. While we waited for Dr. Raleigh—he was speaking on his cell phone—I surveyed my surroundings. Across the street from the skyscraper was a small café called Espresso’s—over the course of the day I would see twelve more Espresso’s, they were the Starbucks of Two—a dry cleaners, two banks, and another skyscraper. People filled the sidewalks, coming and going. 
As people walked past our group, you could see they knew. Knew we were Arrivals. Fresh meat. Two young kids, with hats backward, skateboarded past us and yelled, “Zombies.” 
Punks. 
I felt a squeeze on my hand. Berlin jutted her chin upwards. She was staring at a streetlamp ten feet to our right. Halfway up the pole of the lamp was a wire elliptical cage. Within the cage, jutting outwards from the lamp like petals of a flower, were six compact cameras. Three hundred and sixty degrees of constant monitoring. On closer inspection, I noticed these “flowers” were everywhere. On every street lamp, every stoplight, every entrance to every building. I noticed even the bus had a cage on the front, the back, and one directly on the side. 
Hello, Big Brother.  
I knew there was surveillance similar to this in London and other cities overseas, but it was unsettling to see it firsthand. To know every movement I made was being recorded. To know I was being watched. 
Dr. Raleigh stepped off the bus and said, “Sorry about that. Follow me.” 
He made his way to the revolving door and said, “You have to go one at a time.” He ushered the first person over, one of the white guys, and said, “Slide your card there, then step through.”
The white guy asked, “Do you have to do this every time you go in a building.” 
“Sure do.” 
The man swiped his card, a light overhead blinked blue, and he stepped into the carousel. This was repeated seven more times until the only people left where Dr. Raleigh, Berlin, and myself. 
I decided now was as good a time as ever and turned to Dr. Raleigh. I said, “So, I was curious if instead of going to live with her uncle, if Berlin could stay with me?” 
Berlin’s eyes opened wide. She stared at Dr. Raleigh. Silently pleading with him. 
He shook his head. “I can’t allow that. It’s against the rules.” 
Berlin’s eyes fell to the ground. 
Dr. Raleigh said, “If she doesn’t want to stay with her uncle she can go live in foster care, but we like that to be a last resort.” 
Berlin released my hand and said, “Thanks anyways.” She swiped her card and entered the building. 
Dr. Raleigh nodded at me and said, "You're up."

⠔

We rode the elevator to the top of the skyscraper and found our way to the observation deck. We were on the top floor of the tallest building in downtown Denver and there was a panoramic view of the entire state. The beautiful mountains to the west, plains to the far east, the rapid movement of the city below. And I understood why we were here, why Dr. Raleigh had taken us to this spot. The ten of us standing near the guardrails, peering out on the expansive city below, at its epicenter, were now an integral part of a functioning society. 
We had been integrated. 

⠔

Our second stop was a restaurant called The Cow.  It was filled with round green tables, beer signs, and TVs set on a baseball game. As we filed in, a couple people stopped and stared, but for the most part, no one paid us special attention.  It was refreshing.   
We pushed a couple tables together and I ended up next to Berlin—who now refused to say a word to me—and the black guy who couldn’t swim. His name was Darrel. 
While we waited for the burgers—all ten of us ordered the Bacon Cow Burger—I got acquainted with Darrel Fadden. 
He opened with, “This is a trip.” 
“I know. It’s crazy.” 
 “You going to live in the Adjustment House in Denver?” 
I hadn’t thought about it yet. “I suppose.” 
“I’m thinking about going back to St. Louis.” 
“You can do that?” 
“Yep. You can move into any of the Adjustment Houses in the U.S. All my family is from St. Louis. I got a couple cousins who died a couple years back. Might try to get in touch with them. Where you from?” 
I spent the next ten minutes telling my new pal Darrel about how I’d grown up in Florida, was raised by six different nannies, then moved to Colorado on my eighteenth birthday. Berlin was to my right, she was playing her video game—I guess she still hadn’t stolen enough cars and killed enough hookers—but I could tell she was listening. Darrel nodded, but I didn’t think he could relate much to the lap of luxury I’d been brought up in. Darrel had been born in the St. Louis projects. He’d been a gangbanger for most of his adolescent years, then he got shot (he showed me the scar on his clavicle), and decided enough is enough. Fast-forward five years and he is a cop patrolling the same streets he used to bang on. 
I shook my head. “You became a cop?” 
 “What, a brother can’t be a cop?” 
“No. No.” 
“Just messing with you. Yeah, I worked the beat in St. Louis for six years, then I moved to Denver, worked Denver PD for two years, then became a detective a couple years back.” 
“You ever shoot anybody?” 
Darrel and I both looked at Berlin. 
"Oh, so you can talk?"
She crossed her eyes and stuck out her tongue, and I knew I'd been forgiven.
Darrel hesitated, then reluctantly said, “Yeah, I shot somebody. A gangbanger a couple years back.” 
Berlin asked, “Did he die?” 
Darrel nodded. 
“What if he’s here?” 
“What if who’s where?” 
“What if the guy you killed is here?” 
“I didn’t think of that.” He started laughing and said, “I hope he doesn’t have a very good memory.” 
While the three of us were laughing, the burgers came. They were delicious.  

⠔

Next we headed to the aforementioned Allmart for some shopping.  Then we ended the day at the movies. 
Leaning back in the big comfortable maroon chair, a big tub of over-buttered, over-salted popcorn sitting between my thighs, a 60 oz. Koke in my cupholder, a smiling seven-year-old girl to my right, watching my friend Heath Ledger battle invisible demons, I felt my first feeling—although fleeting—that maybe, just maybe, everything would be okay. 

⠔
 
But back to the present.
There was another round of knocking and I pushed myself off the bed. 
I pulled the door open. 
It was Berlin. 
She was wearing yellow spandex pants and a red hoody. My red hoody. She'd gotten cold on the bus coming back from the movies and I’d given it to her. She’d yet to take it off. She had a large pink backpack on. 
I said, “Hey.” 
“I wanted to come and say good-bye.”  She sniffed, her big greens eyes red and puffy.    
A lump formed in my throat and I barely managed, “I didn’t think you were leaving until tomorrow.” 
“Nope. Tonight.” 
“You going to your uncles?” 
“Yeah. I’m not going to live in some foster home. Plus, he’s not as bad as I made him out to be.” 
I couldn’t tell if she was telling the truth or saying this just for my benefit. My guess was the latter. 
She threw a crooked smile and asked, “Can I keep your sweatshirt?” 
“Sure.” 
“Will you take me to the movies sometime?” 
“I’d love to.” 
She held out her hand. In it was a slip of paper. “This is my uncle’s address and phone number.” 
I took it, folded it up, and put it in my pocket. 
Berlin took a step forward, wrapped her arms around me, and buried her face in my stomach. 
I scratched the top of her head and tried to keep the water in my eyes. We stayed like that for a good ten seconds. Finally, she unclenched herself from me. 
She smiled and said, “Later loser.” 
Then she ran down the hall, her large pink backpack swaying back and forth behind her. 

⠔

Twenty minutes later, Beth came by for the book. I’d skimmed through the final thirty pages and found out how it ended. It was okay.  No Jurassic Park or anything. I handed the book to her and told her to pass it on to someone else after she finished. 
As I was drifting off to sleep, my last night in the Two Adjustment Facility, there was a knock at the door. My first instinct was that it was Berlin. Maybe she’d come back. Maybe they decided to let her stay until morning. I jumped off the bed and pulled the door open. It was Dr. Raleigh.  
He said, “I found this on the floor.” 
It was my ID card. I grinned sheepishly and took it. I said, “Don’t tell JeAnn.” 
“Don’t worry.” 
He turned to leave and I said, “Can I ask a question?” 
“That depends."
I shook the card and said, “Has it always been like this?” 
“Like what?” 
“With the cards and the surveillance and the Big Brother feel.” 
“It has been for as long as I could remember.” He said this louder than needed. Then after sweeping his head from left to right, he leaned forward and in a touch above a whisper, said, “The cards and the cameras are just the surface measures. There are many things you can’t see. And you never will. You only see what they want you to see.” 
Dr. Raleigh winked at me, then turned and continued down the hall. 
This was my first glimmer there was much more to Dr. Raleigh than met the eye. And there was a lot more to Two then people were telling.


 Chapter 5. 
Moving On

Today was Friday. 
JeAnn was wearing what I could only describe as a Snuggie. A big red blanket with arm sleeves. I hoped she was wearing something underneath the blanket, but I couldn’t be sure. There was a good chance the only thing separating me from eight folds of fat was a thin layer of super soft luxurious fleece.
She asked, “How do you like living at the Adjustment House?” 
I’d been living at the Adjustment House for going on a week now. I had my own one bedroom apartment. The place had brown shag carpet, light blue walls, and came fully furnished with all the necessities, couch, chairs, table, TV, anything and everything one would expect. There was a large meeting room and you were encouraged—by encouraged, I mean mandated—to attend three meetings a week. So far, this week, I’d attended a meeting titled, “The Road to Gainful Employment,” and another one titled, “Two Safety.” Both had been over three hours long and both times I had contemplated jabbing my pen into my neck. And I would have, if I hadn’t been accompanied by my new pal Darrel, who had decided to stay in Denver after all. 
I said, “It’s okay.” 
“There are restrictions, but you’ll find that they will help you in the long run.” 
One of the restrictions she was referring to was the eleven-thirty curfew. Two days earlier, after a dinner of pork chops, corn on the cob, a beet salad, and peach cobbler at the House cafeteria, Darrel and I had checked out a basketball and walked to a lighted park six blocks away. We played a little one-on-one, drank a couple beers Darrel had somehow acquired, and more or less chatted the night away. We didn’t realize how late it’d gotten until a Jeep drove up to the curb and over the intercom told us we were breaking curfew and to report to the Two Adjustment House immediately.
“Nothing I can’t manage.” 
“Have you made any friends?” 
There were over two hundred people living in the Adjustment House, including the nine newest Arrivals, all from my orientation class. I had made a couple acquaintances, three guys who had all arrived together eleven weeks earlier. They had a week left, then they would be released, “into the wild,” as they referred to it. I’d sit with them if I saw them at the cafeteria, but I didn’t want to forge a bond with anyone who was about to leave. More or less, Darrel and I kept to ourselves. I think this was because we were both introverts. Both loners in our own right. 
Instead of going into this, I answered, “A couple.” 
“Any girls?” She raised her eyebrows. 
“A couple.” 
This was a lie. I had yet to speak a word to anyone of the opposite sex. I felt like I was back in high school. But, more than that, I just didn’t care. The prospect of sex was the last thing on my mind. That being said, there was one woman I’d caught sneaking glances at me. A pretty blonde. I’d heard a couple of the other guys talking about her. They all thought she was a knockout. I wasn’t convinced. 
JeAnn leaned forward and I could tell social hour was over. “You’re probably wondering why I called you here.” 
When I’d gotten back to my room last night—after losing three successive games of Dominoes to Darrel—there was a note taped to my door. It was from JeAnn. She wanted to meet with me in the morning if possible. 
She didn’t wait for my reply. “I’ve been busy since we last met.” She rummaged around under her desk, then extracted a packet. She handed it to me. 
I looked at it for a moment. Flipped through it superficially. 
She said, “It’s tomorrow.” 
I looked back down at the packet. I’d held a similar packet in my hands just hours before my death, making sure I had the date, time, and location correct. On the cover of the packet were the words, “Colorado Bar Exam. Fall Session.” 
I looked up from the packet. I thought back on the hundreds of hours I’d spent studying over the course of the past three months, the late nights, the boxes of pizza, the Red Bulls, and now it wouldn’t have been for nothing. Except. I couldn’t think of a single thing I’d learned. Everything was gone. The data on the hard drive wiped clean. 
I shook my head and said, “There’s no way I can take the bar tomorrow.” 
“Don’t be ridiculous. You’ll do fine.” 
That’s what I’d thought the last time I took it and I’d gotten a measly 100 points out of 400. “I’m not taking it.” 
“You have to.” 
“Have to what?” 
“You have to take the test.” 
“Why? I’ll just take it in the spring.” 
“I signed you up already.” 
“So, unsign me up.” 
“It’s not that simple.” 
“Simplify it for me.” 
“I have a friend on the board, I called in a favor. If you don’t take the test tomorrow, you will have to enroll in law school here.” 
I leaned back. “What if I take the test and fail it?”
“I’m afraid you’ll have to go back to law school.” 
“Why?” 
“That was my friend's only stipulation. You pass, you get to be a lawyer here. You fail, you go back to school.” 
“What if I’d already passed the Bar and I was a practicing lawyer?” 
“Did you pass the Bar? Were you a practicing lawyer?” 
No and no. I didn’t have to tell her this. She knew. 
She said, “But if you had passed the bar and if you had been a practicing lawyer, you would have been forced to take a six-month refresher course, then you would have had to take the Bar. If you failed it once, you could appeal to take it again. If you failed a second time, you would have to go to school here.” 
 “They make it hard to be a lawyer.” 
“And there’s still too damn many of ya.” 
I sat there in silence for a good minute. Finally I said, “So, I can’t lose anything by taking the test. If by some miracle I pass it, then that’s great. And if I fail, which I’m positive I will, I’m no worse off than I would have been if I hadn’t taken it at all.” 
JeAnn, who had been waiting patiently for me to draw this conclusion, beamed. “Exactly.” 
For a moment, I felt encouraged. That is, until the two-ton anvil landed on my head. I knew nothing about this place. I’d been here two weeks. Everything was different. Including the laws. 
I said, “How exactly do you propose I'm going to pass the Bar when I know nothing about the laws that govern this place.” 
“I thought you might ask that.” She leaned down and after a couple moments of strenuous breathing, and one instance where I thought her Snuggie was attacking her, she reemerged with a textbook and a thick study-guide . She slid them across the table and said, “I propose you start studying.” 
I read the title of the textbook, Two Law Review. 
I slid back in the chair and let loose an epic groan. One that sounded like the top of a coffin being wrenched open after a century underground. I groaned because I never wanted to study another minute. I groaned because there was a textbook—weighing roughly the same as one of JeAnn’s floppy arms—patiently waiting to give me a migraine. 
JeAnn said, “Did I mention I had a present for you?” 
I was still pouting but managed, “You did not.” 
“Well I do.” 
She disappeared under her desk a second time and I had the feeling the odds of her ever resurfacing where grim. But she proved me wrong, popping up like one of those gophers you hit with the bat at Chucky Cheese. Except, for the analogy to work, I suppose the holes would have to be six feet in diameter, the bat would have to be a wrecking ball, and the Chucky Cheese would have to be a Snuggie Factory. 
JeAnn was holding a box in her hands. It wasn’t big, but then again, it wasn’t small. She handed it to me and said, “This should cheer you up.” 
The side of the box read, “SONYY Helium3.” 
It was a laptop. 
JeAnn said, “My friend said you needed a laptop to take the Bar, so I went out and got you one. The guy at the store said it was the lightest and fastest one out right now.” 
I’d never had enough money for a laptop, using the computers at school if I needed one, and I had to check out a loaner laptop the first time I took the Bar. I looked down at the box for a long five seconds. The box in my lap was the first present anyone had given me in more than ten years. I looked up, took a deep breath, and said two words that did not come easily to me, “Thank you.”
JeAnn smiled. “You’re welcome.” 
And for the first time since I died, I began to cry. 

⠔

The sun was an inch above the horizon when I finally sat down and peeled back the cover of the nine hundred and twenty-three page book that had left a two-inch indention in the center cushion of my sofa. 
After I’d stopped weeping—it wasn’t that bad; seven tears, two big sniffs—I’d gone for a bite to eat at the cafeteria, then met Darrel for our daily best-of-three Domino extravaganza. As my single greatest quality is procrastination, I would gladly have played best of forty-one, but Darrel had an interview lined up with the Denver Police Department and left me to play Domino solitaire, aka, building a castle out of Dominoes. 
After three castles, I peered up at the clock. It was 3:34 p.m. Less than sixteen hours until I had to sign in for the Bar. Should probably get studying. 
Should. 
There was a meeting that started at three-thirty and since I still hadn't attended my third mandated meeting, I decided to see what it was about. The meeting was in conference room B. The printed sheet taped to the outside of the door read, “Traffic Safety. The Do’s and Don’ts of Driving.” 
Red light. 
I did a U-turn and made my way back to my quaint little bungalow. The textbook and study guide were exactly where I’d left them four hours earlier. Next to the books was the shiny box that held my brand new laptop. JeAnn made me promise her I wouldn’t take the laptop out until tomorrow morning. She said it would distract me from studying.  I told her I would need to install a bunch of stuff, but she said the guy at Circuit City—apparently, dead businesses come to Two as well—installed everything and it was ready to go.  All I had to do was turn it on. Which was exactly what I wanted to do. But a promise is a promise. Even if it is to a carpet muncher in a red Snuggie. 
I did some push-ups. Some sit-ups. Then I went for a quick jog. I took a shower. Finally, I picked up the study guide and walked it over to the round wooden table filling the compact area that would be deemed the condo’s dining room. 
I flipped it open to a random page and began reading: The defendant was arrested on February 1 and released one month later on March 1 after being charged with a felony. On December 1 of the same year as his arrest, he filed a motion to discharge since no trial or other action had occurred to that point. The court held a hearing 3 days after the motion was filed. Defendant should be

(A) discharged because more than 175 days passed between arrest and the filing 
of the motion to discharge. 
(B) discharged because more than 175 days passed between his release from jail and the filing of the motion to discharge. 
(C) brought to trial within 90 days of the filing of the motion to discharge. 
(D) brought to trial within 10 days of the hearing on the motion to discharge. 
(E) Maddy doesn’t really care.

It was (E). 
Three minutes later, my new laptop was powered up and I was logging onto the internet. 

⠔

The internet was basically the same. Except for one small detail. Google was now Goggle. Same font. Same everything. The same search box. Same colorful lettering. But now instead of Googling something, you Goggled it. 
First off, I Goggled myself, Madison Young. 
I don’t know what I was expecting. Five hits. Five million. Maybe a link to YouTube where the video of my appearance—Man with Boner—had gone viral.  
No hits. 
For some reason, the next thing I Goggled was Google. 
Strange I know. 
There were a couple thousand hits. I clicked on a link that took me to the “Urban dictionary.” The definition for Google was, “A popular search engine from the past.” 
I was quickly learning the past meant your life before this one. 
Next I Goggled, YouTube.
Again, there were several thousand hits. But there was no, “YouTube.” 
I Goggled, Internet Video Database. 
There were billions of hits. The most popular was a site called, “YouVid.” 
Since I didn’t own a computer, I didn’t spend hours watching asinine videos—as many of my classmates did and many doing so while in class—but I had spent my fair share of time on YouTube. Usually when I needed a break from writing a paper, researching an old case file, or because my friend Lauren wouldn’t stop sending me videos of a kitten sticking its head under the faucet. Yes, it’s cute, I get it.  My favorites, the ones that made my cheeks cramp up from smiling so hard, usually had to do with little kids saying funny stuff or simply laughing their asses off.  When Michael Jackson died, I watched the Thriller video twenty times. But I suppose that was in the past. 
I couldn’t help myself and I typed, “Guy Appears with Boner.” 
It took a bit of searching but I finally found it. It was called, “New Arrival has Stiffy.” 
It had over three million hits.  I watched it a couple times to make sure it was me. It was. Underneath the video was a button that said, “Share with your friends on Deadbook.” 
I clicked on the link. Deadbook was Two’s answer to Facebook. I hadn’t been the biggest advocate of Facebook in the past, but it was the best way to communicate with classmates. Within ten minutes, I had taken a picture of myself with the webcam that came standard on the laptop and loaded my profile. 
Next, I began searching for friends. 
There was only one name that came to mind.  
Perry. 
Perry Whitcomb had attended the same elite middle school as me. You were forced to play a sport at Lassiter Middle School and I picked soccer.  Perry and I were both on the “C” team.  I had always been a head taller than most of my peers and I was especially uncoordinated in my youth.  I found it easier to mask my flailing limbs and awkward gait on the soccer field than say the basketball or tennis court.  The only player who was worse than me was Perry, which was sad considering Perry’s life revolved around soccer.  He would wear a different soccer jersey every day and he would drone on about English Premier League for hours.  He was fat, slow, uncoordinated, and for as much soccer as he watched, I’m not sure he understood the objective was to get the ball in the other team’s goal. 
The second game of our eighth grade season, Perry was substituted at goalie for his compulsory twenty-five minutes. Twenty-five minutes all the parents would spend holding their breath and hoping the three-goal lead we'd built up would withstand Perry’s dreaded play. 
It happened with eight minutes left in the game. The score was tied, 4-4.  Perry had already allowed three goals, two of which had gone through his legs. The other team had just missed a shot and Perry was getting ready to take the free kick. I could still replay it in slow motion. Perry running towards the ball, his face smashed together in concentration. His big lurching steps as he approached the ball. His knees buckling. His body crumbling to the ground. 
The coach never told us how Perry died. I always figured he had a heart attack. 
I typed his name in the search box and clicked search. 
Perry Whitcomb had come to Two. And from the looks of things Perry still loved soccer and still loved his food. (He was wearing a soccer jersey in his profile picture and he was still fat.)
I clicked on his picture, but it wouldn’t let me look at his profile until we were friends. So I sent him a friend request. I wasn’t sure if he would recognize my picture, so I wrote him a quick message: Perry, I don’t know if you remember me, we went to middle school together in Florida. Saw you were “here” and wanted to drop you a line. Maddy Young. 
I sent the message. 
I went to the bathroom and as I passed the couch, I looked at the two books. What was I doing? Why wasn’t I studying? I had just spent three months studying my ass off for this test. I knew all the material. If I crammed for the next twelve hours on the new stuff—according the JeAnn the stuff that was different from the past was highlighted in red, so basically I would just have to flip through the textbook and read all the highlighted parts—there was a good chance I could pass the Bar tomorrow. 
I picked up both books and made my way back to the table. I placed my hand on the top of the laptop and was getting ready to close it when I noticed I had a message. I clicked on it. It was from Perry. It was titled, “No Fucking Way.” 
I forgot to mention Perry had the dirtiest mouth and was the most sexually perverted individual I’d ever met. And he’d been twelve. 
I opened the message: 
No Fucking Way! Maddy Fucking Young! When did you get here? How did you die? What the fuck is up? You still playing soccer? Hit me back. 
I hit him back. 
I got here a couple weeks ago. You’re going to think I’m kidding, but I died jerking off in the shower. What is soccer? 
Perry: JERKING OFF IN THE SHOWER! Yeah right. How did you die? What do you think so far? Crazy huh? You know what soccer is asshole. 
Me: I’m serious. I died jerking off in the shower. Check, YouVid. (New Arrival with Stiffy.)  I think crazy is an understatement. You still playing soccer? 
Perry: HA! I saw that video last week. Holy shit. Nice dick. Of course I’m still playing soccer. I play in three leagues. What Adjustment House you in? Miami? Tampa? 
Maddy: Denver. 
Perry: NO FUCKING WAY. I’m in DENVER! 
Me: Serious? 
Perry: Yeah, I moved here three years ago. I work for the Denver Chronicle. Let’s meet up. I’m going to a bar downtown in about an hour. It’s called Pubbar. It's on the corner of J and 23. Lot’s of girlies. 
I looked at the books. Looked at the computer. 
Me: Okay. See you there. 
 



Chapter 6. 

The Bar(s)

I hadn’t changed clothes, which meant I was still clad in my Bar exam procrastination outfit; blue jeans, a brown hooded sweatshirt, and gray Converse. The night was cool and crisp, the temperature hovering somewhere around fifty-five. Just what you would expect for the end of September.  
I didn’t know what fall was, or what the word autumn even meant—there are two seasons in Florida; summer and summer-ish—until I moved to Colorado. Three weeks into my first Colorado October, I found myself enamored with the season. I would carve a couple pumpkins each year for Halloween, then bake the seeds.  I loved Thanksgiving. I would cook all day, watch football, have a couple glasses of red wine, take three naps. The only people I would see were the people at Whole Foods and this was fine with me. And as strange as it sounds, I looked forward to getting that first cold of the year. The sneezing, the throaty cough, the sniffing. Going to the grocery store and spending sixty dollars on Theraflu, cough drops, throat lozenges, Cold Ease, a big thing of orange juice, renting a couple movies from the Red Box, and buying a crisp new book. Sad, I know. 
But, I wasn’t so sure about fall in Two. When I took a huge inhale of the sharp cold air through my nostrils, I didn’t immediately smile. Maybe I was jumping to conclusions here. Maybe in time, maybe in October, it would hit me. But right now all I could think about was how I didn’t fit. How I was the square block being pounded into the circular hole. 
But why? 
It wasn’t like there was that much different here. It seemed less of a change than Colorado had been from Florida. So then why did I always have this sensation that something was wrong? That I was the butt of one big joke. That I was Jim Carrey on the Truman Show and everything that was going on around me was just that, a show. 
But I guess that’s why I was walking to a bar on a Friday night when I should be studying. I needed to meet someone. Talk to someone who had had the same feelings. Had the same frustrations. I needed Perry Whitcomb to tell me he’d felt like he was Truman at one time or another. (Well, I don’t think that movie was out before he died, so he might not get the reference, but you get the idea.)  I needed someone who wasn’t a doctor or a counselor to tell me everything I was feeling was normal. Tell me that I wasn’t a square block.  
And I needed someone to tell me about the Borns. 

⠔

Pubbar was exactly where Perry said it would be.  It was dark brick, with big plate glass windows, and the bar’s name in red fluorescent lettering. There were six people in line waiting to swipe their card and push through the revolving door. I guess there were no bouncers in Two. But I suppose they didn't need them. 
Through the window I could see a bunch of flat screen TV’s on the walls broadcasting a soccer game. No wonder Perry wanted to come here.  There was a long bar in front with stools lined up and people packed two deep waiting for drinks from one of three bartenders. In the middle of the bar, a bunch of suede couches faced one another. Further back it appeared there was a door leading to an outdoor patio. 
I took my place at the back of the line, swiped my card when it was my turn, and pushed through the revolving door. 
It didn’t take me long to find Perry Whitcomb. In fact, Perry Whitcomb found me. I hadn’t been inside the bar two seconds, when the whole place erupted. I looked up at one of the large TV’s where they were replaying the goal that was just scored. Then I felt myself being lifted and someone yelling, “Did you see that shit?” 
Perry set me down and I turned around, only to find that he had already found his second victim—some poor girl who looked terrified—and he was shouting, “GOOOAAAALLL,” into her right ear at eleven thousand decibels. 
I screamed, “Perry!” 
He turned towards me. I could see the confusion in his eyes. He hadn’t recognized me. I had simply been the unfortunate person closest to him when the goal was scored. His face exploded into a smile and he screamed, “Maddy!” 
He put the poor girl down, rushed forward, and engulfed me in his large arms. After a lengthy bear hug, Perry set me down. 
If I were a head taller than Perry then, I was two heads taller than him now.  If I’d grown a foot since I’d last seen him, he’d grown an inch.  In fact, he looked the same as I remembered.  Short and fat, his curly brown hair shooting outward from his scalp, the soft tendrils never having been touched by either a brush or a styling product. His face wasn’t as fat as the rest of him, but the lines were soft, not the lines one would expect to see on the face of a 28-year-old male. No, the face; brown eyes, long almost feminine eyelashes, small nose, and delicate lips, was the face of a twelve-year-old. 
I said, “Look at you man. You look great.” 
 “Thanks man. Yoga. Lots of yoga.” 
If Perry Whitcomb was doing yoga, I’m pretty sure he was doing it incorrectly. 
I said, “I see you’re still rocking the soccer jersey.” He was wearing a bright green jersey with NA5 stamped on the front in red lettering. The rest of the jersey was covered in endorsements. 
“You know it.” 
“Who is NA5?” 
He pointed to the TV. “North America Five you idiot.” One of the teams scampering around on the TV was wearing the same green jersey. In the top of the screen the score read, “NA5 1, SA8 0.” 
He said, “Don’t feel bad. Soccer’s different here. It truly is the ‘World’s Game.’ It’s broken up into continents, North America, South America, Asia, Europe. They each have their own division. Kind of like the NFL. North America would be like the AFC West.”
We went to the bar and ordered drinks. The bartender asked for my card, swiped it, then handed me my drink. I had yet to see cash in Two. 
“Does anyone ever carry cash?” I asked.   
He scoffed. “Of course not.” 
We took our drinks and found a table with a good view of the TV. There were seven minutes left in the game. Perry did a bit of yelling those last seven minutes. Especially when South America scored with less than a minute remaining. He groaned when the final whistle blew and announced that we would be taking a shot of tequila to nurse the loss. 
The waitress came around and Perry ordered another round of beers and a couple shots. The waitress scanned his card into a little handheld device, then asked for mine. I handed it to her. She scanned it. When she gave it back, and left, I asked, “What was that all about?” 
“What?” 
“Why’d the waitress ask for my card?” 
“Oh, that. They account for every drink you have. I bought the drinks, but you’re still going to drink two of them, so she had to move them to your account. Ten is the limit.” 
I guess now would be a good time to mention that I wasn’t much of a drinker. Yeah, I’d done my fair share of partying when I was younger, but by the time I was 23, I had tired of waking up with a pounding headache, the sweats, heart palpitations, and more than just generalized anxiety. I would still tie one on a couple times a year, but for the most part I was good for two beers, three if I were trying to impress a girl. 
Perry added, “And if you have more than one drink, your car won’t start.” 
No arguing that one. I knew too many people who had gotten a DUI and another couple who had fared even worse. I made a mental reminder to check for them on Deadbook. 
As if reading my mind, Perry said, “So tell me about my funeral.” 
So, I told him about his funeral. About how his mom sat in the front row and cried her eyes out. How his step dad lost it while he was giving the eulogy and how our coach made us wear patches with his name for the remainder of the season. I expected him to get a little teary eyed, but he didn’t. In fact, he never even had the far-off look one would expect. It was a little odd. 
I asked, “So what have you been up to since you arrived?” 
“Let’s see. When I was released from the Fort Lauderdale Adjustment Facility I went to live with my Godfather in Iowa. My dad’s roommate in college. Died from some weird bacteria infection. Pretty good guy. But, man was Iowa awful. In the end it wasn’t so bad. I made some good friends. Went to school out in California and studied Journalism. Then I moved back down to Florida and worked for a paper down there for a while. Then three years ago, my car broke down in Denver on the way to Vegas. Fell in love with it. Month later, I got a gig at the Denver Chronicle.” 
I nodded. 
He told me all about his job with the paper. He mostly wrote about politics but he was trying to get his editor to let him write a soccer column. After a lengthy description of the editorial he would have written about the game just played, he asked me, “So did you nail any of those stuck up girls from Saint Tabitha’s or what?” 
Saint Tabitha’s was the all-girl’s school adjacent to our all-boy’s school. I told him I dated Sara Evans—a girl a year older than us who was thought to be untouchable— for almost three weeks my junior year of high school. 
“You nail her?” 
“If by nail her, you mean rub her left boob for twelve minutes once, then yeah, I nailed her.”
Our beer and shots came. Perry proposed a toast to my fondling Sara Evans, “Perfectly sculpted left tit,” and we slammed down the tequila. 
Perry was excessively curious about my sexual conquests—possibly because he hadn’t had many of his own, but more likely because he was perverted—and I happily obliged him with a few highlights.  He high-fived me on more than one occasion, then said, “I still can’t believe that was you in the video. I had like ten different people e-mail it to me in one day.” 
“I’m famous.” 
I asked, “How bout you. How the ladies treating you here?” 
“Batting them off with a stick my man.” 
I bet. 
Perry spent the next ten minutes telling me all about the women he’d “had.” His stories were so detailed and well—bizarre—that I decided there was no way he could be making it all up. 
For example: He met a girl at his “Favorite Porno shop,” who ended up being a stripper. When he asked her if he could take her to Outback for a steak sometime she said, “No,” but she did ask him if he wouldn’t mind babysitting her three kids that evening because her usual sitter was unavailable.  He said yes and then when she got home at four in the morning after stripping all evening she asked if he wanted to be paid in cash or blow jobs. He picked the latter. 
I’m sorry, but you simply can’t make that up. 
This of course, led to story time, and the two of us spent the better part of the next hour narrating all the crazy stuff we’d seen, done, or heard about. Perry, who had the alcohol tolerance of a Russian potato farmer, kept ordering drinks for me, and well, I kept drinking them. 
While I still had my wits about me, I asked Perry, “Can I ask you something?” 
He nodded. 
“When you first got here, did you, like, feel out of place? Like you were the butt of some big joke?” 
“Of course man. That’s what everybody feels like. Shit. They tell you that you died and you came to this new place. Might as well tell you that you’re a fucking alien. Of course you’re going to feel out of place. Shit, man, when I first came here I was terrified. Pissed my bed every fucking night.” 
“Really?” 
“Really. But then over time, you start to adjust, and then one day you don’t think about it anymore. It just is.” 
In my brain I thought the words, “Well, it’s good to hear that from someone who has been here, who has been in my shoes, and has a bit of perspective,” but the alcohol decided this needed to come out as, “Thanks man. Man, that makes me feel better. Man, thanks for inviting me out. Man, I really needed this. Seriously, man. “
I couldn’t stop saying man. 
Man. 
Perry nodded and we clinked glasses. I believe the letters, “BFF” may have been uttered.
Man. 
There had been one more thing I wanted to ask Perry about, but I couldn’t remember. Then it hit me. I leaned forward in my chair. Perry was bringing his beer up to his lips to take a drink when I said the words, “What’s the deal with the Borns?” 
Beer exploded from Perry’s mouth. Then he began violently coughing. After ten seconds of hacking, he leaned forward and said, “What did you say?” 
I repeated the question. 
His eyes darted around the room, left, right, up, down.  “I don’t know who has been telling you what, but they don’t exist. Never have. It’s a myth, a legend. Let it go.” 
“A myth?” 
He leaned forward and said, “Let it go.” 
I leaned back. If I had been sober, my mind would have been reeling. Trying to figure out what Perry’s reaction meant. But, my synapses weren’t firing as quickly as usual. Plus, I didn’t have much time to deliberate. Two cute girls had just taken up the two empty seats at our table. 
Perry winked at me, then flagged down our waitress to order another round. 

⠔

“You will have forty-five minutes to complete section four. You may begin now.” 
The woman clicked her stopwatch, then took up her seat at the desk at the front of the room. The exam was being held at the university downtown. I was one of about sixty people scattered throughout the large auditorium. I read the first question on the computer screen. I only got a third of the way through. I took a deep breath. Concentrated. Swallowed. It passed. I let out a long exhale. Read the question again. This time I got halfway through the first question before I had to stop. This time it did not pass. 
I jumped to my feet. 
I could feel the stares on my back as I bounded down the stairs. Everyone thinking the same thing: AGAIN? 
As I neared the woman at the front she looked up and shook her head. 
I said, “I’m sorry.” 
“You know, we have a scheduled fifteen minute break when this section is done. Can’t you hold it?” 
“I’m sorry. I can’t.” 
“Okay then. But this is the last time.” 
This of course, is what she’d said the last two times. 
I nodded my thanks and double-timed it to the nearest exit. I didn’t make it to the bathroom. I didn’t even make it to the trashcan that I made it to the last time. I did, however, make it to a large fern nestled up to the corner of the window. 
After I’d watered the plant—my throw up was mostly water by this point—I took a seat on the bench and rested my elbows on my knees. 
Six years ago, fresh out of undergrad, three buddies and I had taken a trip to the Bahamas. We drank heavily each night, but on the fifth night we partied until the sun came up. Unfortunately, when the sun did come up, we were supposed to go SCUBA diving and since I’d put down a three-hundred dollar nonrefundable deposit, there was nothing that was going to stop me from going. While everyone else was being SCUBA certified in the small hotel pool, I was on all fours in my wetsuit throwing up my small intestine. Over the course of the next five hours, I would throw up on the boat, throw up fifty feet under water, throw up on a rare sea turtle, barter with God to kill me, and barter with a sea turtle to kill me. That was the single worst hangover of my life. 
Today was a close second. 
After Perry had bought a round of shots. The girls—I couldn’t remember their names—had bought a round of shots. And then I bought a round of shots. And then the girls. And then Perry. This is when things start to get fuzzy. 
Fast-forward six hours to my waking up under my dining room table, clad in nothing but Perry’s bright green soccer jersey. 
Go figure. 
I walked to the drinking fountain and took a long drink. There was a vending machine and I stuck my ID card in and got a Snicket bar. I didn’t think I was going to be able to stomach it. But I did. So I got another. 
When I returned to my seat, I had about twenty-five minutes to complete the section. I was starting to feel a little better and I was able to complete most of the questions. The next four hours weren’t nearly as bad as the previous four and I was surprised at how many of the questions I knew the answer to. But I had probably scored close to a zero for the first four sections, and even if I got every question correct in the remaining sections, I still wouldn’t even come close to passing. 
When I got home, Darrel was sitting on my front step. We walked to a burger joint a couple blocks up the street and I replayed my night at the bar and the nightmare that followed. He couldn’t stop laughing when I told him about having to leave the test on four separate occasions to vomit. We headed home early. He’d gotten the job with the Denver Police Department and he started tomorrow morning and I was plain exhausted. 
I took another shower, then put on some sweat pants and a hoody. I opened the refrigerator to get a glass of orange juice and saw that my jeans and the sweatshirt I’d been wearing the night before were neatly folded and tucked away in the vegetable drawer. 
I shook my head. 
I pulled the clothes out. I vaguely remembered one of the girls giving me her number and I reached my hand into the front pocket. There were two folded napkins. 
I must have gotten both their numbers. 
Player.  
I unfolded the first napkin. Inside was a phone number. I unfolded the second napkin. Inside was not a phone number, but a message. My breath caught in my throat. When had he put it in my pocket? When he had hugged me good-bye? Had he slipped it in my pocket when I was leaning against the cab? 
I walked into the bathroom and flushed the napkin down the toilet. That had been written at the top of the napkin with stars around it: *FLUSH THIS DOWN THE TOILET IMMEDIATELY*. 
As strange as this was, the following messages were far stranger. I stared at myself in the mirror. Could it be? Could it be true? But how?  Scribbled on the napkin had been three short, cryptic messages. The first message read: IF YOU WANT TO SURVIVE HERE, NEVER SPEAK OF THE BORNS AGAIN. 
The second: YOU MUST NEVER TRUST ANYONE. 
As crazy as these first two were, it was the third that got me.  It was those last three words that I couldn't shake.  At the bottom of the napkin, were the words: YOU DIDN'T DIE.




Chapter 7. 
Law and Order-taker

It’d been exactly a week since what I like to refer to as, “Awesome Saturday.” 
If you don’t remember, let me refresh your memory. I woke up with the second worst hangover of my life, attempted to take the Bar Exam between vomit breaks, then found out in a cryptic message written on the back of a napkin that everything I’d been told for the last month had been one big, fat, juicy, lie. 
For obvious reasons, I had a couple choice questions I wanted to ask Mr. Perry Whitcomb. I’ll give you a hint; the questions did not concern soccer. I’ll give you a second hint: the questions did concern the napkin he’d shoved into my pocket when leaving the bar. 
Over the course of the past week, I’d tried unsuccessfully to contact Perry. Messages on Deadbook, calls to the Denver Chronicle, and even stopping by the downtown DC office on two separate occasions. Both times I was told, “Perry isn’t around.” 
I’d kept the messages on Deadbook brief and ambiguous. I had little doubt the machine that was Two would have no trouble watching the influx of messages on the world-wide-web. I simply wrote that it was great to see him and to hit me back so we could do it again. 
He never responded. 
So, I was left to agonize about those three words. Those three words on the billboard that hovered six inches from my face. The three words fluorescent, orange, and blinking. 
You didn’t die.
And agonize I did. If I didn’t die, then how did I get here? And where was here? And why was I being lied to? And how did he know this? And was I alone on this or had he not died either. And what about everyone else? What about all the people I knew who had died; Perry, Dr. Raleigh, Dr. JeAnn, Darrel, Berlin, all the people from my orientation class, all the people from the Adjustment House? Was he telling me that none of these people had died? Or was it just me? Was that why I felt like the square block? Was I the only person in Two that hadn’t died? And did this have anything to do with the Borns? 
The answers to all my questions would come. But not today. And not tomorrow. In fact, they wouldn’t come for a great while. 

⠔

The coffee shop was inside the twenty-four hour bookstore. I was waiting for the café down the street to open for brunch, but I had a half hour to kill. I ordered an apple cider from the young woman behind the register and sat down at a small table with the book I’d just bought. 
It’d been awhile since I’d read a good legal thriller—John Grisham’s last couple hadn’t been his best—and a couple days earlier, I’d Goggled, “Best legal thriller writer.” 
The overall consensus was a guy named Jackson Hall. 
I cracked open The Ghost Appellate and started in on the first page. I was about twenty pages into the book and three inches into my cider, when two guys took up the table right next to me. 
The guys were lawyers, for that much I was certain. Both were young, early thirties. Both wore suits. One cheap, the other snazzy. One from Men’s Wearhouse. The other Brooks Brothers or the Two equivalent.  Both were working on a Saturday. Something I might have looked forward to if I’d gotten more than just my name correct on last Saturday’s Bar Exam. 
From what I could gather, both men worked for the District Attorney’s Office. I got the impression one of the gentlemen, the one seated closest to me, the one who “Liked the way he looked,” was a paralegal. A grunt. A peon. The other guy, the one wearing the fifteen hundred dollar suit had that swagger about him. Probably an assistant DA. A big shot on the rise. 
The grunt had a legal pad out in front of him and was tearing apart a piece of coffee cake between scribbles. The other guy had two large lattes in front of him. Not one latte. Two lattes. 
They were discussing a case. Specifically, the grunt was discussing a case he was working on.  The defendant in the case—he kept referring to him as Hord—was being tried for the attempted murder of his wife. I wasn’t trying to eavesdrop, but it was impossible not to. 

Grunt: …their whole case is built around a self-defense plea. It’s weak, but the wife’s statement that the stabbing wasn’t in self-defense is inadmissible because she wouldn’t testify. 
Big Shot: Marital privilege. 
G: So get this, Hord stabs his wife with a meat cleaver six times, tries to kill her, she somehow makes it into a room with a lock and calls the police. Police come, guy gets arrested, wife goes to the ER, records her statement two days later when she’s out of surgery. 
BS: Right. 
G: Then during discovery, we find out the wife won’t testify against her husband, they had a ‘reconciliation’, and the Judge throws her statement out. 
BS: Who is the judge. Ranker? 
G: Worse, Glasky.
BS: No wonder. He’s hard on evidence. I had a case with him about six months back. He threw out two DNA tests that had the wrong date on them. I objected on twelve different grounds until the old coot said he would hold me in contempt if I didn’t shut up. Anyhow, what was the basis, Sixth Amendment? 
G: ( Nodding.) Yep, said the evidence violated the defendant’s right to be confronted with the witnesses against him. 
BS: So without her statement, you have nothing. 
G: Zip. But here’s the rub, even the defendant’s statement is vague about whether the wife pulled out a weapon before he stabbed her. But when they put him on the stand, he starts making some shit up about her having a knife of her own and self-defense this and self-defense that. 
BS: Whose case is it? 
G: McClessens. 
BS: That asshole still have a stick up his ass for me? 
G: Yep. He thinks he should have gotten the assistant DA position. 
BS: Fuck him. 
G: He’s not so bad. But he’s acting like it’s my fault the wife’s statement was thrown out. Like I personally talked these two lovebirds into reconciling. 
BS: What about Johnson V. Mathers? 
G: Doesn’t work. Wife died. Changes everything. If the wife croaks in the next 48 hours we could use it. What would you do if it were your case? 
BS: It would never be my case. They save the big ones for me. 
G: Right, I forgot. 

The conversation slowly moved from law to one of Big Shot's friends, “Ridiculous Vegas Bachelor Party.”
Gag.
Luckily for my newly digested apple cider, I stopped listening. I had flipped back to the opening chapter of The Ghost Appellate. The chapter was set in a courtroom. A witness was testifying when a bomb exploded killing the witness, the judge, and a handful of jurors. Great scene. Sucked me right in. But that wasn’t what concerned me. Before the bomb exploded, there had been five pages recounting the trial. And get this; the trial was of a husband charged with the attempted murder of his wife. 
I found the paragraph I was looking for. After I’d memorized it, I leaned over and said to the Grunt, “Excuse me.” 
Big Shot was in the middle of a sentence, “…girl is loving me. Starts given me a lap dance—” They both turned. Big Shot glared at me. 
I smiled and said, “I couldn’t help but overhear your conversation.” 
They looked at each other. 
I said, “Your case, I mean.” 
Big Shot’s face dropped. I think he was worried I was the youngest member in the history of the American Bar Association Professional Conduct Committee and I was going to disbar him on the spot, then drink one of his prized lattes. 
Before he could jump up and run, I said, “I think there might be a way the wife’s statement would be admissible.” 
Big Shot was about to say something, probably tell me to mind my own business, when Grunt leaned over and said, “I’m listening.” 
I took a deep breath and said, “Under Michigan v. Glower, you can’t bar the admission of a witness's statement against a criminal defendant if the statement bears an ‘adequate indication of reliability.’”
Grunt looked at Big Shot. 
Big Shot said, “Who the fuck is this guy?” 
I stuck out my hand, “Madison Young. But you can call me Maddy.” 
He didn’t take it. He did stand and say, “I gotta run Chuck. You can listen to this idiot if you want.” 
He walked out. 
Chuck said, “Sorry about him. “
I shrugged, then said, “So you go to the judge and argue that he has to deem the wife’s statement reliable because it was nearly identical to the defendant’s own statement to the police, in that both were unclear as to whether the victim had drawn a weapon before the defendant assaulted her.” 
Chuck said, “Where the hell did you pull that from?” 
“The Ghost Appellate. Page five, paragraph three.”
“Ghost what?” 
I lifted up the book and showed it to him. He laughed. I showed him the paragraph. He laughed again. 
He asked, “You think it’s true. Glow V. Michigan, or whatever?” 
“Probably. Most of the stuff these guys use is fact-based. I was reading up on the author a couple days ago. He was a lawyer for like fifteen years, so I’d guess that it is. But it’s easy enough to confirm.” 
He nodded. 
We made small talk for another ten minutes. He asked about law school and I ended up telling him my whole life story. Or at least my whole month long story, ending with my tragic failing of the Bar Exam seven days earlier. 
Chuck said, “Yeah, I had to take it twice.” 
Chuck had been here eight years. Boating accident.  He asked, “What kind of law do you want to practice?” 
“I always saw myself as a court appointed defender.” I explained how I’d heard too many stories about the poor getting the short end of the stick because they couldn’t afford a decent lawyer. But I think it had more to do with my growing up rich. Elite. By defending the poor, I would somehow purge the remaining blue blood cells from my system. 
Chuck found this admirable. But he did ask, “You don’t want to be one of the good guys?” 
“You mean like your friend there. No thanks.” 
He laughed. “You mean Jeremy Palace. The golden child. Yeah, he pretty much sucks. He grew up like seven houses down from me.” 
“The word tool comes to mind.”
After a good laugh, Chuck said, “As good as Jeremy is at being a tool, and he’s amazing at that, he’s an even better lawyer. And that’s hard for me to say. The guy’s never lost a case. He’ll probably be DA by the time he’s thirty.” 
“At least he’s ugly.” Jeremy looked like a Hugo Boss model. Probably another reason why I immediately disliked him. 
After another good laugh, Chuck said, “I gotta get going. What’s the name of that case again?” 
I ripped out the page and handed it to him. 
He thanked me, then said, “If you’re looking for a job, I might be able to help.” 
“Yeah?” 
“I can put you in touch with a guy at the Public Defender’s Office.” 
“That would be great.” 
He took his phone out and rattled off a number. I wrote it on the inside back cover of the book. I asked, “What’s his name?” 
“Jeremy Palace. He’s the deputy director over there.” 
“Jeremy Palace? As in the aforementioned tool softener Jeremy Palace?” 
“Jeremy Palace Sr." He threw a mischievous grin. "He's Jeremy's father.” 

⠔

“Any good?” 
I looked up. A petite, brunette, in a gray button down, blue jeans, and a white apron was leaning over the metal railing, trying to read the title of the book. I surmised she was my waitress. I was seated at one of two tables on the small patio of the restaurant, the other table occupied by two women and two golden retrievers. A tan umbrella shielded me from the early morning sun. 
When I first looked up, I had to do a double-take. For a moment I thought it was her. But that was impossible. Still, the resemblance was uncanny. 
Shaking off the thought, I said, “The first thirty pages were pretty good.” 
She smiled twice. Once with her big brown eyes. A second time with small even lips and perfect teeth. She leaned down and picked up the book. Turned it over a couple times. Read the back synopsis. 
It was the nose that reminded me of her. The small, perfect, nose. 
After a long minute, she looked up and said, “Sounds boring, there aren’t even any vampires.” 
I laughed. I thought about asking her if she was more of a Twilight girl, but she probably wouldn’t understand the reference. I did ask, “How do you know there aren’t any vampires? Maybe the judge is secretly a vampire?” 
She read the back again. Looked up. “No mention of a judge vampire. Sorry.” She handed the book back to me.
“Thanks.” 
“You want some OJ.” She leaned forward. “That’s an acronym for Orange Juice.” 
“I thought it was short for Orenthal James.” 
She didn’t get it, but I could tell she was thinking hard. Her face was all smushed together. It was insanely cute to be honest. Her face relaxed and she said, “No, the acronym for that. is GAWM.” 
“GAWM?” 
“Get’s Away With Murder.” 
I laughed. So she did get it. “You know that he’s in jail now.” 
She nodded. “Yeah, something about a hold up to get a bunch of his memorabilia back. What an idiot.” 
I tried to think when that happened. A couple years ago? Less? Had someone told her about it or had she seen it firsthand? Was she a recent Arrival? I wanted to ask her how long she’d been here, but I thought better of it. I said, “Yep, he’s a moron. But to answer your question, orange juice sounds great.”
“Aye, aye, captain.” 
She disappeared into the café. I had a suspicion at this point, but that was all. A mild suspicion. I started back in on the book. Five pages later, she set a glass down in front of me and asked, “That vampire Judge show up yet?” 
“Yep, he just attacked one of the jurors. Sucked him dry.” 
She thought this was funny. 
After she took my order; granola, yogurt, fruit, and a side of bacon, I asked, “Can I ask you a personal question.” 
“How personal? Like what type of shampoo I use or if I like to be on top?” 
Um. “Somewhere in between?” 
“Sure.” 
“How long have you been here?” 
She looked around the small café, then said, “Five months. It’s a good gig.” 
“I meant here, Two.” 
She did this thing with her mouth. Did a dramatic fake frown. “Oh, here, here. Eight months.” 
Eight months. That would make it February. It fit. My mild suspicion was now a likely probability. 
She said, “How bout you?” 
“Almost a month.”
“Fresh meat.” 
“That’s me.”
“The second Twilight movie come out yet?” 
I knew it. 
I said, “No, I think it was due to come out in November or December.” 
“Bummer.”
“I’m assuming you read all the books.”
“Uh, yeah. I was on my third go-round when I kicked the bucket.”
“Kicked the bucket huh? What happened?” 
If I remembered the story correctly, she’d died snowboarding. 
She took a deep breath and said, “I was in Colorado visiting my sister. We were snowboarding. It was like my fifth time ever. I was trying to keep up with her, but she was a lot better then me. I was trying to stop when I went off the lip of a catwalk.” She was using her hands at this point. One hand of her on a snowboard. The other hand the catwalk. “And my feet went out from under me. That’s the last thing I remember.” 
It was her. 
The story I heard was that she’d snapped one of the vertebras in her neck. Died instantly. I wonder if she knew this. And if she did know this, did she think she was lucky. Lucky to be here, alive and able to wait tables. Or would she have been lucky if she’d survived only to live the rest of her life in a wheelchair, eat through a straw, breath through a tube. 
Before she could ask me how I kicked the bucket, I said, “Did you know the guy and girl from Twilight are engaged.”
Her jaw dropped, “Kristen Stuart and Robert Pattinson are engaged?” 
“Yep.” 
She shook her head. “That bitch.” 

⠔

She left me to eat my breakfast, stopping by a couple times to make sure everything was perfect. The place was packed and when she dropped my ticket off, I was set to ask her what her name was, but she was gone before I could muster the courage. I picked up the receipt. In the left hand corner was her name. 
Abby. 
I put down my card. 
She came back a minute later. She was shaking her head. She leaned forward and said, “I hate people sometimes.” She disappeared to run my card. 
She came back ten minutes later. She looked like she was ready to snap. She set my card and receipts down and said, “Sorry that took so long. I have this lady who is allergic to like everything in the world. I swear she’s allergic to matter.” 
“Matter?” 
“Yes. Matter. Like everything in the universe. Matter.” 
I couldn’t stop laughing. 
I thought about telling her then. But she was too busy. Maybe I’d come back and tell her some other time. Maybe I’d come back tomorrow. I looked down at the receipts. Scribbled in a nice tip. Before I knew what I was doing, I’d written a note at the top of the merchant copy. I placed the carafe of water on top of the receipts so the light wind wouldn’t blow them away, stood, and started down the sidewalk. 
“HEY.” 
I turned around slowly. 
Abby was three feet from me. She was holding the receipt up in front of her face. The sun was behind her, shining through the thin paper. I could see the black writing in the top right corner.  The four words. 
Abby’s face was ashen. “You knew my sister?” 
Knew your sister. Had a huge crush on your sister. Died jerking off to your sister. 
I let out a deep breath and said, “Yes.”


Chapter 8. 
The Wall Comes Down

The Public Defender’s Office was downtown, kitty corner to the charcoal domed courthouse. It was inside a three-story building. Off-white stucco. Those black glass windows that reflect everything. 
There was a blond receptionist sitting behind the front desk. I told her I had an interview at 10:40 with Mr. Palace. She smiled and instructed me to take a seat on one of the small couches in the waiting area. 
Sitting on the center cushion of one of the couches was a tiny, frail looking woman, her arms hooked beneath the straps of the purse that dangled between her legs. If I were nervous, than this woman was petrified. I shouldn’t say she looked poor, but she did. She’d put on her best outfit for the visit, a blue sweater and white jeans, probably bought from some thrift store a decade earlier. Her black purse was faded to a dull gray and half a roll of duct tape was holding it together.
I took a seat on the couch opposite her. 
If I did get this job, the woman across from me would be the archetypal client. Not that I thought the woman was in trouble. She was too nervous. Plus, she just didn’t look like she broke too many laws. She probably went to church twice a week, taught piano lessons for free to the kids in her neighborhood, and stopped for three seconds at every stop sign. No, she wasn’t in trouble. Her son was. (She had a bunch of buttons on her purse. Three looked to have something to do with little league baseball. The buttons a reminder of better days for the woman.) The woman couldn’t afford a lawyer to get him out of whatever trouble he’d gotten himself into. So they sent her here. 
I’d gotten in trouble once when I was younger. I’d been fifteen, and two friends and I had sneaked into a mansion that was being built near my house and drank a twelve pack of Keystone Light. Someone called the cops and I’d ended up getting a Minor in Possession ticket. The cop was cool and said he wouldn’t even worry about us trespassing.  My two other friends pled guilty to the misdemeanor and did their 20 hours of community service and I’m sure were grounded for a couple weeks. 
But not Maddy Young. 
My father was outraged. Not at me. Not at his son who had been breaking not one, but two laws. No, my father was outraged the police had the insolence to arrest his son. Five months, three days spent in the courtroom, and thirty thousand dollars later, and the charges against me were dropped. 
I was never punished. 
But my two friends weren’t allowed to hang out with me anymore. Their parents wouldn’t let them.
“Mr. Palace is ready for you now.” 
I snapped out of my reverie, stood, and followed the receptionist through the door and into a hallway. She pointed to the door at the end of the hall and said, “He’s right through there. He’s expecting you.” 
I rapped my knuckles on the door and a booming voice said, “Come in.” 
I pushed through the door. 
Jeremy Palace Sr. sat behind a large desk. He was tall and wide. Not exactly fat. Like an NFL lineman who had moved into broadcasting. His hair was salt and pepper, mostly salt, and slicked backwards. An unlit cigar dangled from his lips. 
He took a chomp on the cigar and said, “What can I do for you son?” 
His had a thick southern accent. Texas. Maybe even as south as the Delta.
I said, “I’m Maddy Young.” 
“Right. Young.” He eyed me for a moment. Took a couple more chomps and said, “You a betting man Young?” 
“Um. Sure.” 
“You don’t sound sure. Do you like to bet or not? Easy question. Easy answer.” 
I tried to think of the right response. Betting wasn’t illegal. Was it? Could you bet here? I had no idea. I decided JP Palace could spot bullshit on Mars. “Yes. I’m a betting man. Mostly college football. NBA. Horses every once in awhile.” 
He chomped on his cigar twice more. Pulled it out of his mouth and said, “I knew I liked you.” 

⠔

“Who do you like in the Fifth?” 
We were sitting in a private box. Just the two of us. JP—he told me to call him JP—had a large tumbler of scotch in his hand. I had a rocks glass filled with the best tequila Highland Park had to offer. 
I looked down at the program for a moment. “I like number 7.” 
“Jennifer Ranistan?” 
“Yep.” 
“She’s an Arabian.” 
“I never met an Arabian I didn’t like.” 
I thought maybe I’d gone a little too far, but then he started laughing, and agreed, “Me neither.” He added, “She’s 80 to 1.” 
“Yeah, but it’s a short race and she’s a sprinter. She’s got a good dirt track record and the jockey, Smite, is having a good year.” 
He nodded and said, “Let’s do it.” 
If you’re curious how I was so well versed in horse racing jargon, I should mention that I wasn’t a novice when it came to the ponies. There were a few things my father and I did together. I can’t say I ever tossed a baseball or football, or any ball for that matter with him. Heck, I barely even saw him. When he wasn’t out gallivanting with my mother on this island or this continent, he was zipping around the globe, trying to accrue another million dollars to his already substantial fortune. I can count on both hands the number of times my father and I did something together. And eight of those times we went to the horse track. 
When I was five, I could name every bet you could make, Win, Place, Show, Quinella, Exacta, Trifecta, Superfecta, Pick 3, Pick 6, Daily Double, Jackpot. 
It was a sense of pride for my father, and every time we would go to the track, he would invariably introduce me to one of his business associates and say, “Tell them the bets, Maddy,” and I’d reel them off faster then my ABC’s. 
JP and I decided to bet Jennifer Ranistan to Win.  
The odds appeared on the large board centering the track. Our bet had moved Jennifer Ranistan down to 70-1, but it was still a great bet. If she won, we would win $140 on a two-dollar bet. Since we each bet $100, we would each win $7,000.   
A minute later, the race started. 
Two minutes later, JP turned to me. He wasn’t pleased. He said, “Did you by chance see what happened to Jennifer Ranistan?” 
“You mean before or after she broke both her front legs?” 
“Before.” 
“Oh, when she bucked off her jockey?” 
“After that.” 
“You mean when she ran backwards for a quarter mile, then sat down.”
“Yeah, that.” 
I nodded. I had seen that. 
We continued this for another two hours. We did not win a single race. We did drink a lot. I lost over two thousand dollars.  JP did not ask me a single question about law. 

⠔
 
JP said he would call me in the next couple days. I’m not sure if this meant he wanted to go back to the track or if his call would have anything to do with a position as a public defender. He asked me what my cell phone number was and I made up some garbage about switching phone companies and that I was getting a new phone the next day. His face called bullshit and he told me to call him ASAP with my phone number. 
An hour later, I had a jPhone 2S.  
I dialed JP’s office.  My first call. The receptionist answered, I told her who I was, and she took down my cell phone number. The call lasted all of fourteen seconds. 
I had one more call to make.  
I took a deep breath and dialed the number I’d had memorized for nearly a week.
The phone didn’t ring. Instead, I enjoyed the song while my party was reached. It was some catchy country tune. I stomp my foot to the beat for ten seconds, then she picked up.  
“This is Abby.” 

⠔

We decided to meet at a pizza place in two hours. I played with my new phone for a good hour, messing with all the ringtones, downloading a bunch of ridiculous apps, a few games, and linking my phone up to my e-mail and Deadbook. Then I spent an hour getting ready, looking at myself in the mirror twelve times, and changing three times. I ended up going with jeans, a long sleeve black thermal, and a charcoal T-shirt. 
I arrived at Pizza Dock five minutes late. There were a bunch of people standing around the bar and I spotted Abby leaning over a couple of people, ordering a drink. She was wearing black leggings, high brown boots, and a purple T-shirt. She was leaning forward and her shirt was pulled halfway up her little butt.  
It was a good view. 
As I was approaching, she turned.  She was rocking a fro-hawk.  She smiled, handed me a beer and said, “What’s up?” 
 “What’s up with you?”  I’ll give my opening a four.     
After an awkward moment, she said, “This place is great. You’re gonna love the pizza. Really thin crust.” 
“I like really thin crust pizza a whole lot.”  Did I say four? How about a three.  
Abby raised her eyebrows and said, “You want to grab a table?” 
There was a table nearby and I reached out and grabbed it with my hand and said, “Got one," as if I'd just nabbed a seventy-pound marlin. 
She didn’t laugh.  She did, however, tilt her head to the side and say, “I think there’s a table over here.” 
While I lead us to an empty booth, I gave myself a little pep talk. Um, hey there Maddy, it’s Maddy, could you do me a solid and stop acting like such a dipshit. Thanx. 
After taking a seat at a small square table, Abby said, “Sorry, I didn’t laugh at your table thing. I have this problem where I only laugh when stuff is funny.” She tried to keep a straight face but it buckled at the last second, sending her into a fit of laughter.  
“Sorry, I’ll try to do better.” 
“Please and thank you.” She added, “I like that shirt on you. You look good in that color.” 
“Thanks. I took a skin tone test online. Said I should wear grays, light blacks, charcoals, and tinted whites.” 
“Reall—“ She laughed. “That’s more like it.” 
 “It takes me a while to warm up.” 
She laughed again. 
I gave myself that point back. 
She leaned forward and I noticed her brown eyes carried little yellows flecks. I was visualizing myself picking those flecks like daisies on a prairie when she screamed, “Okay, so I can’t wait any longer.  You have to tell me everything about Joni.” 
Right. Joni. The whole reason we were here. “Well, I had two classes with her.” 
“What classes?” 
I told her. 
“Is she dating anybody?” 
“Not to my knowledge.” 
“Did she talk about me?” 
“Not to me, but I heard her talk about you to other people.” 
“Was she sad when I died?” 
I wasn’t sure how to answer this question and luckily my cell phone rang. That or a train was coming. 
Abby said, “Um, something is Choo-chooing.” 
“That would be my phone. Sorry, I have to take this, it’s about a job.” 
I pulled my phone out of my pocket. I expected the call to be from JP. It wasn’t. It was a Deadbook notification.  Someone had sent me a message.  For a split moment I forgot the gorgeous brunette across from me. Perry must have finally responded to my incessant messages. I thought back to those three words. 
You didn’t die. 
I clicked on the link. The message wasn’t from Perry. It was from a new friend.  Berlin.  The message said, “HELP!” 

⠔

Abby asked, “Which way?” 
Luckily, I had Berlin’s uncle’s address memorized. I pointed to the right and said, “Take a right and then your third left.” 
Five minutes later, Abby pulled her mini blue sedan up in front of a small one-story house. The neighborhood wasn’t a dump, but it was a bit seedy. We weren’t talking stockbrokers and dental hygienists. It was blue-collar housing. 
Abby said, “This is it.” 
I said, “Stay in the car,” and jumped out. 
I wouldn’t say I was in a blind rage, but something close to it. I ran up the small drive and banged on the front door.  Nothing happened. I tried the door. It was unlocked. I pushed through the door into a cramped hallway and yelled, “Berlin!” 
I could hear voices coming from my left and turned that way. I entered what looked to be a well-kept living room. A large TV blared. Berlin was sitting on a chair. There was a man standing over her. He was wearing a cut off T-shirt and small jean shorts. He had a thick mustache. He was holding a beer in his left hand. 
Berlin saw me and her eyes lit up. She said, “Maddy!” 
By this time I was already charging her uncle, who had turned, his eyes open wide with fear. 
I took three large strides then laid my shoulder into his stomach and sent him flying against the back wall. 
Berlin was screaming behind me, but I couldn’t hear her. All I wanted to do was inflict as much pain on this pedophile as humanly possible. I stood up, grabbed a nearby lamp, and brought it crashing down on the head of her stirring uncle. He went limp. 
I stood up and shielded Berlin from the man who had done God knows what to her. She was trying to get to him, probably give him a couple good kicks to the head.
“What are you doing?” she screamed.  
I held her head to my chest. “Saving you.” 
“From what?” 
“From your uncle.” 
She took a deep breath and pointed to the man on the floor, “First off, that’s not my uncle. That’s Larry. He lives down the street.” 
Uh-oh. 
“Second, I was fine.” 
I shook my head. “Then why the message. Why, ‘HELP?’” 
“Did you open it?” 
“Open what?” 
“The message. ‘HELP’ was just the title.” 
I felt my eyebrows furrow.  
“You didn’t, did you? I titled the message HELP!  Then in the actual message I say, ‘Help, I’m bored. Please take me to the movies sometime soon.’” 
 Holy crap.  “But you said that you hated your uncle.” 
“I do. He’s boring. He’s like a geologist. All he talks about is rocks.” 
I looked down. Larry was starting to move. Blood dripped from a gash on his forehead.  
I asked, “Where is your uncle now?”
“At some conference in Utah. He’s having Larry check on me every couple hours.” 
“What’s going on here?” 
Berlin and I turned around. There were two police officers standing in the doorway. One of them took a step forward. He pointed his gun at me and said, “You mind taking a couple steps this way.” 




Chapter 9. 
Lawyering Up

Whenever I think of jail, I conjure up images of American History X. That movie where Edward Norton plays a neo-Nazi skinhead and goes to prison for curbing a black gangbanger. Now, I remember reading somewhere that Norton bulked up like twenty-five pounds to play the role of Derek Vineyard and he’s frickin' chiseled. His head is shaved clean and he has this huge swastika on one of his pecs. Scary. Super scary. Like if he rolled up on you in a dark alley you would shit through your pants. But then when Norton gets to prison, he isn’t so big anymore. In fact, compared to the other guys, he’s about as scary as a Netflix late charge. Anyhow, there’s this scene about halfway through the movie where Norton is taking a shower. Three guys roll up on him. The head guy is huge, like 6’7” and carved out of stone. So scary he doesn’t need to shave his head. Doesn’t need a big ass swastika. This guy eats scary for breakfast. He’s terrifying. He’s pancreatic cancer. He’s Ebola. He wraps a towel around Norton’s neck and proceeds to ram his Shaquille O’Neal sized cock up Norton’s ass. The scene ends with Norton lying on the floor of the shower, blood pooling around his body. 
That’s what I thought of when I thought of jail.  But, that's not how it was at all.   It was more like Weekend at Bernies. Well, watching it anyhow. It’s stupid and boring and it makes you want to kill yourself. But it really isn’t scary. 
The official charge against me was 2nd Degree Battery. Apparently, Larry the Innocent Neighbor From Down the Street had to be taken to the hospital. Apparently, Larry the Innocent had a massive concussion and two broken ribs. But Larry the Innocent would be out of the hospital before I was out of jail. 
On that note, I’d been here four days. The Berlin-Deadbook-Confusion-Mistaken identity-Ass Kicking-Larry incident happened late Thursday. So I was here—Denver County Jail—Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and then last night, Sunday. 
I was yet to make any phone calls. 
I thought about calling Abby and asking her out on a second date. You know, something along the lines of, Hey. You busy tonight? Whaddaya say, you come bail me out and I'll take you to Chili's. Get you some Baby Backs. If that goes well, maybe a conjugal for date three.
I'm kidding of course. 
I could still visualize Abby's face as I was dragged to the cop car. She was sitting outside in her little blue sedan, her knuckles white around the steering wheel. Her jaw slack. I doubted she stuck around long. She probably had my number deleted from her phone before they were done fingerprinting me. 
I suppose I could have called JeAnn or Dr. Raleigh, but I didn’t know what I would say. Plus, if they knew when I was ten minutes past curfew, then they certainly knew I was in jail. So that led to another question, if they knew I was here, why didn’t they come? 
But, then again, it wasn’t their problem. 
It was my problem. 
And what great timing, huh?  Just when things were starting to look good.  Abby. A possible job. And then in one fell swoop I’d screwed it all up. Abby probably already had a restraining order against me. And the job. JP had probably called early Friday. And his call had gone to voicemail. If I called him back today, there was maybe a chance I could concoct a story about why I didn’t get back to him sooner. But that wasn’t JP’s style. I probably had an hour window to return his call before the job went up in smoke. And Berlin. Well, Berlin had watched me kick the living shit out of her babysitter. Yes, there had been a bit of confusion over her Deadbook message, and maybe I could blame my tackling Larry the Innocent on that. But grabbing the lamp and shattering it over the man’s head when he was already decommissioned. That was something else. That was a side of myself that I’d never even seen. 
“Young.” 
I looked up from my cot. The guard was standing at the barred entrance to the large cell that held me and my seven new friends. The guard nodded at me. 
He said, “You’re free.” 

⠔

As the guard led me down the hall, he said, “You have a friend in the system.” 
It took me a moment. Then it hit. Darrel. 
You might be wondering why I didn’t call Darrel to bail me out in the first place. Well, you should know, Darrel was the first person I thought of. But with him just starting with the police department, I thought my calling him on his Denver-Police-Department-issued-cell phone to come bail me out of jail might blur the lines of ethics. 
After I signed a couple documents and changed back into my freshly laundered clothes, I was free to leave. The guard buzzed me through a door. I expected to see someone fitting the mold of Denzel Washington from Training Day but it was more like Alec Baldwin from Thirty Rock.  JP’s salty hair glistened in the stale overhead lighting of the jail foyer. He was holding a beautiful black briefcase in his right hand. 
I wasn’t sure what to say, so I stood there with my hands in my pockets. 
JP shook his head. He was without his cigar and he had a smirk buried within his right cheek. He said, “I hear you’re in the hero business now.” I’d forgotten about his heavy accent and the words came out deep-fried. 
I smiled, meekly. “I think you mean the horrible decision making business.” 
“That too.” 
“Let’s talk outside.” 
He turned and pushed through the doors. I followed. There was a bench outside and he plopped down. I did the same. 
I asked, “How did you know I was here?”
“I called your phone this morning. A little girl answered.” 
“My phone?”
“Your phone fell out of your pocket during your bullrush.” 
So that’s where it went. “Berlin?” 
“That’d be her. What is she seven going on thirty?” 
“Yeah, I know.” 
“She told me about the misunderstanding.” 
“Misunderstandings don’t usually land you in jail.” I added, “Is she mad at me?” 
“Nope. In fact, I think she’s quite fond of you.” 
I rattled these words around for a while, then I asked, “Did you like post bail for me or something?” 
“Nope. I made a couple calls. Had the charges dropped.” 
“Dropped?” 
“Let’s just say that Larry Waller didn’t exactly have the cleanest of records.” 
This didn’t surprise me. Larry the Innocent didn’t look innocent of anything. “Really?” 
“Not what you’re thinking. Mostly tax stuff. I made him a deal. He dropped the charges and all his tax woes go away.” 
“Why?” 
“Why what?” 
“Why are you sticking your neck out for me?” 
“Can’t have my newest public defender going to jail for five months. Looks bad.” 
I knew there was more to it then that. Something more fatherly. I didn’t bring this up. “So I got the job?” 
“To be brutally honest, there aren’t many people beating down the doors for a public defender position these days.” 
“No?” 
He shook his head. “Bad clients. Bad hours. And bad pay.” 
“How bad are we talking?” 
“The clients or the pay?” 
“The pay.” 
“Thirty.” 
“Thirty thousand dollars?” Cha-ching! 
JP eyed me. I think he was wondering why I was smiling. He said, “You know that’s not much money.” 
“I know.” But I still couldn’t help smiling. I was already spending the money. Moving out. Buying dishes. Buying stock on E-trade. Getting a pedicure. 
Halfway through my pedicure, I had an epiphany. I said, “What about the Bar?” 
“What about it?” 
I told him how I wasn’t sure whether I failed it miserably or whether I failed it completely or whether I failed it so utterly and horrifically that I might actually get sent back to the eleventh grade. 
He laughed. “We'll cross that bridge when we have to.” 
“All right. So when do I start?” 
He opened his briefcase, extracted a thick manila folder, and tossed it on my lap. “Right now.” 

⠔

I looked down at the manila folder. Then back up at JP. A cigar had magically found its way into the corner of his mouth. He said, “Read up, you meet with the guy in ten minutes.” 
My pulse doubled.  I stammered, “I’m supposed to meet this guy in ten minutes. Where at?” 
“Settle down. You don’t have to go anywhere.” 
“What do you mean?” 
He nodded to the jailhouse. 
I smirked. “Right.” 
JP took a couple chomps, the cigar’s juices starting to coat his lip a rusty brown, and said, “You might have heard about this one. That triple homicide that’s been all over the news.” 
I had. Firsthand. Over a game of Dominoes, the night before my interview, Darrel had told me a bit about the case. Darrel had been the first detective on the scene. They’d found these three guys in an old abandoned warehouse. What was left of them anyway. Their bodies had been destroyed. Darrel said it was the most gruesome sight he’d ever seen and he’d seen some “gnarly ass shit.” Darrel said they didn’t have any leads. Zip. 
I said, “Yeah, sure.” 
“Well, they found him on Saturday.” 
“Who?” 
“The guy who did it?” 
It took a moment for this to register. “That’s my first client? The wackjob who killed those three guys?” 
He stood up. Slapped me on the leg. “Let me know how it goes.” 
Thirty seconds later, I watched as his Jaguar pulled away. 

⠔

On October 1st, exactly one week earlier, Benny Villos was walking home from the bars. He was drunk as a skunk and walked five miles in the wrong direction. Villos soon found himself in a shady part of Denver, a six-block radius of abandoned, semi-abandoned, and mostly condemned industrial warehouses nicknamed INDO (Industrial Denver). Villos sobered up rather quickly and quickened his step. No one was behind him. In fact, the sitters and dealers and druggies could have cared less about the lost drunk. But Villos quickly became frantic. 
He lifted an old creaky garage door, slid into the dusty confines of what used to be AAA Steel, and hunkered down where thousands of pounds of sheet metal used to be neatly stacked. He heard a noise behind him and turned. The moonlight shone through several broken windows and illuminated the offender scampering across the filthy concrete. A rat. The rat stopped, joining thirty of his colleagues. Villos took a couple steps forward. Then two more. Thirty quarts of blood were splayed across the concrete. The rats devoured what was left of three bodies. Villos turned and threw up all he’d drunk that night. 

⠔

That’s as far as I got in the police report. Now, I had to go and meet the guy who had done this to those three guys. I flipped through the folder for the man’s mug shot. There wasn’t one.  This would prove to be the first oddity of many. 
I stood up and walked back through the front door of the prison. The irony that the last time I’d walked through the doors I’d been a prisoner did not escape me. I couldn’t help but smile as I swiped my card. I was now a lawyer. At least until the Bar exam results came out later this month. But for now, I was going to enjoy it. 
I pushed through the doors and approached the woman at the front desk. She eyed me curiously. I couldn’t blame her. She had buzzed me out the doors just twelve minutes earlier. I said, “My name is Maddy Young. I have an appointment with my client at 11:30.” 
I signed in and was buzzed through the metal detector. Then I was led to a small room. It was all concrete, with a metal table screwed into the floor, plus two chairs.  I had just opened the manila folder to read more of the police report, when the door opened. Two men entered. The man at the back was a guard. Same guard who had ushered me out twenty minutes earlier. If he was perplexed by my presence he didn’t show it. The other man wore the standard prison issued orange jumpsuit. His hands and feet were cuffed. He shuffled forward, sat down in the chair. The guard cuffed his hands and feet through a series of brackets. I highly doubted that if I’d had a meeting with a lawyer, I would have had to go through the same rigmarole. Then again, this guy had not only killed three men, he’d destroyed them. 
The guard nodded at me and said, “Knock when you’re finished.” 
I nodded. 
I gazed across the table. John Doe was about six feet. You could tell that underneath the orange jumpsuit the guy was all muscle. The tendons on his neck were taut rubber bands. He had the look of an NFL cornerback. He had dark brown hair. A small goatee on his chin. He reminded me of Brad Pitt from Fight Club. He had thin eyebrows. High cheekbones. His features were perfect. Strangely perfect. But it was the eyes that made your knees quiver. Made my knees quiver. His eyes were the color of pencil graphite. Gray. Not a trace of color. 
I took a deep breath and said, “I’m Maddy Young. I’m your court appointed public defender.”  
He smiled. People would pay millions of dollars to have his smile. I wondered how many women had fallen victim to that little grin. He said, “I know who you are.” 
Before I had time to react to this statement, he said, “My name is Isaac.” 
I don’t know if it was the way he said it. Or maybe the whole picture came into focus as he said his name. It was a wallop. A car crash. A cannonball to the gut. A sledgehammer to the side of the face. 
They did exist. 
Isaac was a Born. 





Chapter 10. 
Language Barrier

“I’m Maddy Young. I’m the new public defender.” 
The receptionist eyed me curiously. Like she was trying to tell if I were trying to pull one over on her. Trying to tell if my fingers were crossed behind my back. She was a different receptionist than the last time. She had brown hair. Fifty-ish. Not pretty. Not ugly. She had gigantic breasts—like two little Jupiters—testing the limits of a rose-colored blouse. She said, “Mr. Palace didn’t tell me anything about a new hire.” 
I told her that I’d been hired the day before. She didn’t appear to be buying what I was selling. Finally, I said, “Can you just call Mr. Palace?” 
She threw me a look of supreme annoyance and picked up the phone. After a moment, she said, “Mr. Palace . . . Hi . . . I have a Maddy Young here . . . Maddy . . . Young . . . That's right. Claims you hired him . . . un-huh . . . un-huh . . . un-huh . . . will do.” 
She put the phone down. She shook her head and said, “Mr. Palace says that we don’t hire hardened criminals. Now please leave.” 
I took a step backward. Then another. I was turning towards the door when I noticed the receptionist’s face in my peripheral. There was a crack in the dam. I turned just as the dam burst. Her face exploded into a smile and she yelped, “I’m just kidding honey! Mr. Palace put me up to it.” 
She was in a fit of laughter. I could see the tops of her boobs jiggling up and down. She’d probably have a bruise on her chin come tomorrow. 
A door buzzed. 
She waved me through and said, “You can go right through there. He’s expecting you.” 
I tried to smile. Tried to laugh. But it was hard with the hummingbird where my heart should be and my stomach in some sort of complicated sailor knot. I walked through the door, trying to shake off the embarrassment. The receptionist was standing there. She pulled me into a hug—the gravitational pull of her two planets sucking my face in like a wayward piece of space jetsam—and said, “Oh, you poor thing. I’m sorry. Really, I am. Oh, you’re shaking.” 
I pried my face from her bosom and said, “I’m okay. That was a good one.” 
She moved her hands to my waist and said, “I’m Rebecca.” 
I stuck out my hand and said, “Nice to meet you.” 
She shook my hand, then ushered me down the hall. “Go, go. He’s waiting.” 
I started towards JP’s door, smoothing out my shirt as I walked. For the record, I didn’t own anything that would fall into the category of “nice.” Not a single collared shirt. No dress pants. No dress shoes. I hadn’t even thought to go shopping last night after I’d left the jail, but then again I was a bit preoccupied with the whole Isaac being a Born thing. But, more on that later. Anyhow, I was wearing blue jeans and a neatly ironed hooded sweatshirt and freshly polished Converse. Perfect dress for a concert or a skateboard competition, but quite ridiculous when reporting for your first day as a lawyer. 
I knocked on the door. By this time, my autonomous nervous system had stopped freaking out. The hummingbird was dead. The knot loose. 
JP’s booming southern drawl told me to come in. 
I pushed through the door. 
JP was sitting behind his desk. But he wasn’t alone. Sitting in the chair opposite was a little girl. 
Berlin. 

⠔

I wasn’t a half step into the room, when Berlin bolted up from the chair and ran to me. Her hair was in pigtails and she was wearing lime green overalls. She wrapped her hands around me and buried her head into my stomach. 
I rubbed her back and said, “I thought you were gonna be mad at me.” 
She looked up. Shook her head. Her eyes were the same color as her overalls. I ran my hand over one of her pigtails. I told her I liked them. 
She laughed and said, “Thanks.” 
Our reunion was cut short when JP boomed, “What in God’s name are you wearing?” 
I looked up. 
JP was holding his cigar in his right hand. His eyes were wide. Soaking up every inch of my thirteen-year-old skater ensemble. 
I unlatched Berlin from me and took a step towards him. “Sorry. I forgot that I don’t own any nice clothes.” 
He was shaking his head from side to side. He jammed the cigar back in the crook of his mouth. He rummaged around in a desk drawer for a moment, then extended his hand. He was holding a business card. He said, “This place is a couple miles from here. Guys name is Bernard. Great guy. Doesn’t like the ladies so be careful. Get fitted for three suits. Tell him to charge it to my account.” 
I took the card. Thanked him profusely. 
He nodded for me to take a seat. I did. Berlin sidled up next to me. I noticed that at some point she had put on a huge purple backpack. 
JP said, “Now let’s get down to business.” 
He pushed a couple documents in front of me. Told me to sign a couple places. Initial here and here and here. Sign a couple more times. Then he signed some stuff. 
I said, “All this stuff just to become a lawyer?” 
He looked at me. Then his eyes moved over my shoulder. I glanced at Berlin. She was a statue. 
JP laughed and said, “No, all this to become a father.” 

⠔

I was officially the legal guardian of Berlin Evangeline Rose. 
I should have been mad at Berlin for duping me. I should have been scared shitless about being responsible for another human being when I could barely take care of myself. I was neither.  Oddly enough, for the first time since I’d arrived, I was happy. 

⠔

I signed paperwork for another five minutes. This round having entirely to do with becoming the newest Denver County Public Defender. When I was finished JP said, “A couple more things.” He reached into his briefcase. He handed me a set of keys and said, “Don’t fuck this up.” 
They were the keys to his Jag. 


⠔

“Thanks.” 
Berlin was sitting in the passenger seat of the Jag. Which I might add, had been professionally cleaned and looked brand spanking new. On that note, I was curious if any of the other public defenders had company cars. I guessed not. 
I turned to Berlin and said, “Thanks for what?” 
“For like, adopting me.” 
“Don’t sweat it kiddo.” I rubbed her leg. 
She smiled and nodded. A block later I noticed her wipe a couple silent tears off her cheek. 

⠔

I pulled into the Coffee and Toast parking lot—Coffee and Toast was the Two equivalent of the Waffle House—and hopped out. I had a meeting scheduled with Darrel. The police report had been sufficiently vague about the Isaac manhunt and Darrel promised he would tell me everything he could.  I hadn’t anticipated having Berlin with me and on this note, I said to the third wheel, “You remember Darrel right?” 
“Black dude.” 
I laughed. “Yes. Black dude.” 
We pushed through the doors. It was closing in on noon and the place was packed. Darrel was sitting in a booth halfway up the far wall.  Darrel was drinking coffee and reading the paper. He looked up as we approached. He appraised me. Then Berlin. 
I said, “You remember Berlin?” 
“Of course.” He put his fist out and Berlin knocked knuckles with him. 
Berlin and I slid into the booth and I said, “Ask me what I did this morning.” 
He flipped the paper closed and eyed me curiously. 
“Come on, ask me.” 
“Maddy Young, please tell me in graphic detail what you did this very fine morning?” 
“If you must know . . . let’s see here . . . I went for a run, did some apartment hunting online, had a meeting with my new boss, adopted Berlin, got a company Jaguar, bought three suits—”
He put his hand up. “Did you say that you got a company Jaguar?” 
Err. 
He peered out the window. Saw the shiny black sedan among the other automobiles looking like Kate Beckinsale at fat camp. He shook his head, “You mean to tell me that not only are you now defending the pieces of shit that I’m trying to put behind bars, but your sorry ass gets to drive around in an eighty thousand dollar car.” 
I decided to go with it and said, “That’s what I’m saying my brother.” 
“What did I tell you about calling me that.” 
“Sorry homie.” 
“Knock that shit off.” 
“Knock what off, Lebron.” 
Finally, he laughed.   
I said, “Did you hear what else I said, I adopted—”
“Yeah, yeah, you adopted Berlin. What do you want me to say? No big surprise there. Hey let’s order.” 
Darrel waved our waitress over and the three of us ordered. After the server left, I said, “So tell me how you found Isaac.” 

⠔

It’d been four days since Benny Villos had reported what he’d found at the abandoned warehouse. Four days since the dilapidated ruins of AAA Steel had been crawling with police cars, crime scene techs, and yellow tape. Actually, the yellow tape was still there, screaming to the squatters, dealers, and whores, in its golden voice, “If you didn’t know from just looking at the place, stay away from here.” 
The newest acquisition of the Denver Police Department, Homicide Division, ducked under the tape. Darrel looked down at his watch. It was 4:23 p.m. according to the bright red diver’s watch on his right wrist. It was fast approaching daylight savings, but they were yet to fall back, and the sun was balancing on the large warehouse. Darrel moved from the afternoon sun and into the cold shadows, a ten-degree drop in temperature. He shivered. 
There was a cop standing outside the roll-up garage door. As Darrel approached him, the cop began shaking his head. The cop, Samuels according to his name badge, said, “Nobody is allowed in.” 
Darrel stopped. He’d never heard of such a thing. “According to who?” 
“According to my boss. And his boss. And his boss.” 
“The chief?” 
“His boss.” 
“Shit.” 
Darrel turned around. He walked back around the building. His car was three blocks away. He did not head in that direction.
He walked to the back of the warehouse and found a small side door.  It didn’t open on the second kick. Or even the third. It took six kicks for the door to swing open. Darrel hoped Samuels didn’t hear the cracking, but then again, Samuels was on the opposite side of the building, nearly half a football field away. 
Darrel pulled the small flashlight from his pocket and moved towards the back of the warehouse. The warehouse was built to house millions of pounds of sheet metal and there was row after row of metal bays stretching from floor to ceiling. Most bays were empty.  
Darrel swept the arc of his flashlight across the dirt-covered floor, until it illuminated the ten-foot diameter of dried blood where the three bodies had been found. Vermin, mice, rats, and the likes had done a decent job cleaning, but the concrete was still stained crimson. When Darrel had first seen the bodies, his initial thought was that they weren’t looking for a man; they were looking for a bear. It was as if the weapon of choice had been a garden sow. And then a bowling ball. The victim’s bodies had been turned to mush. 
It had taken nearly two days to identify the three men. At least that’s what he’d been told. Darrel knew someone must have known the men’s identities well in advance of two days. Probably knew the second their hearts stopped beating. All conspiracy theory aside, Darrel had been shocked to learn the three men were all successful, wealthy, even prominent figures. One had been a research scientist, an Asian man of forty very renowned for his work on quantum mechanics. The other a black man, fifty-ish, a professor at the University of Denver who taught Anthropology. And the third, an aging white guy, one of the best brain surgeons in the country. 
Very odd indeed. 
There were a couple of windows in the large atrium, and the falling sun shone through, illuminating billions of dancing particles as it cascaded down to the concrete. Darrel wondered if any of those tinkerbells had belonged to the perpetrator. But it was a moot point. When dusting for fingerprints, they had found nearly 300 separate prints. 299 of them were in the database. Old AAA Steel workers, squatters, whores, druggies. All of them accounted for, except for one.
Darrel had a feeling that was exactly why no one was allowed in the crime scene. Why all the news vans had been held at bay. Why the identities of the three men had yet to be disclosed to the public. That one unaccounted fingerprint was scaring a great deal of people.
After half an hour, Darrel was ready to leave. But his instinct, the same instinct that had kept him alive as a gangbanger for nearly a decade, and the same instincts that had made him one of the best cops in St. Louis, was telling him to do one more sweep of the building. 
He started at the far corner. The corner nearest the roll-up garage. There wasn’t much over there, a couple dozen badly aging wooden pallets, and Darrel made sure his footsteps were silent. The only thing separating him from Samuels was a quarter-inch thick aluminum door. He inspected the pallets, but other than a family of spiders, he found nothing. 
He continued down the north wall. There were three large machines. Forklifts. Not the little ones you see zooming around Home Depot. We’re talking industrial forklifts. Huge. Their wheels alone were as tall as Darrel. At one time they appeared to be orange, but they were now covered with a thick layer of black. 
On the forklift closest to him, someone had used their finger to write in the thick dust. 
Three words.  

⠔

“What did it say,” Berlin interrupted.
“That’s the thing. It was written in a language I’d never seen. Not like Chinese or anything. It was the regular alphabet; but unlike anything I’d seen before.”   
Berlin leaned forward.  “Do you remember the words?”
“Actually, I do.” 
Darrel grabbed the napkin that was still sitting in front of me. Turned it over. Wrote a couple words. Pushed it in front of Berlin. I peered down at it. 
Q cilito zerultiss. 
My breath caught in my throat. I leaned backwards and tried to act casual. 
Berlin asked, “Did you Goggle it?” 
“Of course I did. No hits.” 
Berlin didn’t believe him. She pulled out a jPhone—my jPhone—from the front pocket of her overalls and did a quick search. After a minute, she said, “No results.” 
Darrel gave her a look as if to say, “Told you.” 
I leaned back. No results. A language that didn’t exist. 
Then why could I read it?

⠔

A low creaking.  Footsteps.  A figure.  
“Stop, Police!” Darrel yelled.
The figure crashed through the same door Darrel had entered.    
Darrel had run the 200 and 400 in high school before he’d dropped out. He still held two state records. Darrel crashed through the door ten seconds later. The figure ahead was darting into an alley a hundred feet to his left. 
The sun had set and Darrel spotted the shadow of the man twenty yards in front of him. There was a tall chain link fence splitting the alley and Darrel watched as the man jumped halfway up the fence and was over it in a matter of seconds. 
There was a thick chain and lock holding the fence together and Darrel pulled his gun. Mid-stride he popped off six shots. The chain fell and Darrel smashed through the fence. Darrel made up ten steps. By the time they reached the next alley, Darrel was twenty feet behind the guy. He could hear the man’s inhales and exhales. 
The man in hesitated at the next straightaway. A hesitation that would cost him. 
Darrel took a gamble. He guessed left. Darrel had the angle and smashed into the man, sending him sprawling against the hard concrete. Darrel jammed the gun into the man’s face and said, “Don’t fucking move.” 

⠔

My eyes were wide. I shook my head and said. “You’re kind of a badass.” 
Darrel smiled.  “Kind of?” 
“Okay. You’re a badass.” 
“Yes. Yes, I am.” 

⠔

Berlin and I spent our first night together eating pizza, playing Scrobble—she beat me twice—and watching movies. Halfway through the third movie, Berlin fell asleep with her head on my lap. I tried not to think about the pi symbol written on the forklift. I tried not to think about the three words Darrel had written on the napkin. But I couldn’t shake them. 
Q cilito zerultiss.   
A war is raging. 

⠔

My cell phone alarm woke me at nine. I’d fallen asleep not long after Berlin and had slept more or less upright on the couch. I sneaked out from underneath Berlin, then knelt down and lifted her up. She couldn’t have weighed more than fifty pounds. I carried her to the bedroom and set her down. For a moment, I thought she was stirring awake, but within four breaths she was back fast asleep. I wrote her a note that I’d be home later and that she could go to the cafeteria if she needed anything to eat. Then I kissed her on the forehead. 

⠔

“Orange again?” 
Isaac smiled. He said, “We can’t all wear two thousand dollar suits that we just picked up from the tailor.” 
He reached across the table and grabbed at my neck. My chest tightened. His fingers brushed my throat. He pulled his hand away. He was holding a tiny pin in his hand. He dropped it on the table. 
I exhaled.  I had asked the guard to take off Isaac’s cuffs. The guard said he could only remove one set. Isaac had opted to have the wrist cuffs removed. 
I said, “I had a long talk with my friend Darrel yesterday.” 
“Darrel?” 
“The cop that tackled you.” 
Isaac smiled. “That brother is fast.” 
“So he says.” 
We made small talk for another couple minutes. Finally I said, “Last time I was here, you said that you knew who I was. What did you mean by that?” 
He shrugged, but didn’t answer. 
“Are you a Born?” The question just came out. 
Isaac raised his thin eyebrows. “A Born? I don’t follow.” 
I leaned forward. “You know exactly what I mean. Are you a Born? Were you born here in Two?” 
 “Dude, I was born in Alabama.” 
“Right. How did you die?” 
“Shot.” 
“Shot?” 
“Yep.” 
“Where?” 
“Just outside a tonk.” 
“A tonk?” 
“A honky-tonk. That’s what we call bars down south.” 
“Let me see the scar.” 
He shook his head. 
After a moment, I said, “You’re full of shit.” 
Again, he shrugged.
I was getting frustrated and I stood up. I walked to the opposite wall. Turned so my back was to Isaac. 
Was I off? Was this guy just another guy? A guy from Alabama? Just another guy that died in a bar fight? 
There was a scraping noise and I turned. 
Isaac had the pin from my shirt. He was scratching something on the steel table. 
I watched him for a minute. Then I walked around so I was behind him. I looked down. There were two sentences scratched into the metal table. It was the same language as the words on the napkin. The language that didn’t exist. 
I walked back around the table. Isaac didn’t take his eyes off me. The words on the table were upside down, but I could still read them. 
Ili noomas zin Naskiĝ. Ni noomas zin Vartistojn. 
They call us Borns. We call ourselves Keepers.





Chapter 11. 
Arraignment

“Will the defendant please rise?” 
The demand came at the hands of the Honorable Judge Robert Giggs. He was the smallest judge I’d ever seen. Seriously, I wouldn’t doubt if he was sitting on two phone books. They probably had to special order his judge’s robes from Neverland. What was left of his cheaply dyed brown hair was swept over his balding pate and he had glasses pushed down to the tip of his long beak like nose. He had an uncanny resemblance to Napoleon Bonaparte—apparently, Napoleon had done some damage in Two as well—and that was the precise moniker that had followed him for his long and distinguished career. 
A week earlier, when JP had informed me who would be presiding over the case, he had said, “Looks like Napoleon drew the case?” 
“Did you say Napoleon?” 
“I did.” 
“Is that a good thing or a bad thing?” 
His cigar wavered back and forth as he smiled. “It’s a really fucking bad thing.” 
During that same meeting, I had been introduced to Barry Lutwig. Since I had yet to pass the Bar—or make that, since the results of my failing the Bar didn’t come out for another month—I couldn‘t officially represent Isaac in court. Therefore, Barry Lutwig, an aging divorce attorney—and an old acquaintance of JP’s—would chaperon me whenever I needed to step foot in the courtroom. 
Such as today’s arraignment. 
Behind the defense table, from left to right, were Isaac, Barry Lutwig, and then me. Isaac was in his prison orange. It’d been two weeks since he’d scratched his enigmatic message on the steel table. A message I might add, that was written in an obscure language that did not exist. But that I could read.
Freaky. I know. 
My initial reaction had been, I knew it.  He is a Born.  Followed quickly by, Keepers? Keepers of what? 
In the two weeks since, I had met with Isaac on four separate occasions. There were no more messages. In fact, the words Born and Keeper were never uttered. Never spoken. But they were always in the room. Born was on the table, right there in the center. Each letter chiseled out of granite and weighing a thousand pounds. Keepers was hanging on the back wall. It was a Vegas casino sign, orange, fluorescent, and flashing. 
Barry Lutwig was to my left. He had a thick mop of curly red hair. I would call it a Jew-fro, but I think he was Irish. He had been a fraternity brother of JP’s thirty years earlier. Thing is, Barry Lutwig, still thought he was in a fraternity. His cheeks were rosy, his eyes swollen, and I’d be willing to bet Mr. Lutwig had taken his last drink just a couple hours earlier. I could smell the whiskey seeping from his pores. 
Both Isaac and Barry stood. 
Judge Napoleon leaned forward and said, “You have been indicted on three counts of 1st degree murder. On the first count of 1st degree murder, the murder of John Kwan, how do you plead?” 
Isaac was the picture of poise. Disconcertingly so. He was Tom Brady in the pocket. He said, “Not guilty your honor.” 
“On the second count of 1st degree murder, the murder of Terry Robinson, how do you plead?” 
“Not guilty your honor.” 
“On the third count of 1st degree murder, the murder of Alan Fielding, how do you plead?” 
“Not guilty your honor.” 
“The defendant may sit.” 
Isaac sat. He glanced in my direction. His right eye shut, then opened just as quickly. It took me a moment to realize he’d just winked at me. 
What the hell did that mean? 
“Now the matter of bail.” 
I turned my attention back to the judge. 
“The state requests to deny bail your honor.” 
The prosecuting attorney was standing. Make that the lead prosecuting attorney. There were three altogether. The lead prosecutor was large and handsome. He was wearing a beautiful suit. Probably another Brooks Brothers. Only not the same one I’d first seen him wearing at the bookstore. That’s right. The lead prosecutor was Big Shot. Jeremy Palace. 
JP’s son. 

⠔

Bail was denied. 
The trial was set to start January 4th. 
Isaac was escorted out of the courtroom by an officer. 
Barry Lutwig slapped me on the back and asked if I wanted to join him for a drink. I declined. 

⠔

Just as I was leaving the courtroom myself, I felt a tap on my shoulder. It was Big Shot. He was smiling ear to ear. He said, “Your boy is going to freeze.” Then he punched me in the shoulder—kind of hard, it hurt—and pushed through the doors. 
In the last two weeks I’d the law book JeAnn had given me cover to cover. Freezing came up frequently. They didn’t have the death penalty in Two. They didn’t want people dying, only to appear somewhere else—Three—and get a fresh start. No in Two, you were frozen. Ted Williams style.
I visualized Isaac being lowered into hyperbaric chamber. The Keeper, whatever that was, frozen for eternity. 
I looked around to see if I could catch Barry. 
That drink was starting to sound pretty good. 

⠔

It had been smooth sailing living with Berlin for the past two weeks. That came to sudden halt the night after Isaac’s arraignment. 
Berlin refused to start school midterm—she would start when school picked up after the holidays—so she was with me every waking moment. Or if she wasn’t with me, like when I’d been in the courtroom the day before, she was sitting at home, usually surfing the web on my laptop. Now, I know what you’re thinking, you can’t leave a seven-year-old home alone. Well, Berlin wasn’t your average seven-year-old. She was more mature than the last two women I’d dated. She had a cell phone to call me if she needed me and my neighbor, Margo, an aging woman of around sixty—who had been living in the Two Adjustment House for the better part of twenty years—rarely left her house. 
It was two separate compounding events that triggered the tantrum. The first event occurred around six that evening. Berlin and I had spent most of the day at the library. Me flipping through books on law and Berlin sitting quietly and reading. At one point Berlin had put her book down and taken her PSP out of her backpack, but within minutes of her turning it on the battery had died. I watched out of the corner of my eye as she’d grimaced, put the PSP back in her backpack, then returned to her book. 
When we’d arrived back at the Adjustment House, around five thirty, Berlin had asked, “Can we bake cookies tonight?” 
“They have cookies in the cafeteria.” Ten different kinds of cookies to be precise. 
“I know, but I want to make cookies. It’s something my mom and I used to do all the time.”
This was the first time she’d ever mentioned her mother and it took me off guard. “Sure, we can bake cookies. Haven’t done that in ages. In fact, we’ll cook dinner tonight. How’s spaghetti sound?” 
She rubbed her small belly and said, “Yum, yum, give me some.” 
I laughed.  
She said, “Okay, you go to the store.” 
“You aren’t coming?” 
“No, I’m gonna look at apartments online for awhile.” 
In the last two weeks, Berlin and I had looked at fifteen different apartments. Berlin had found something wrong with each one. No dishwasher. I think the people before this had a ferret. There should be a load bearing wall right there. Can a girl buy a window? I want a south facing view. Saw an ant. 
Jokingly, I asked, “What’s wrong with this place?” 
“It’s a dump. And if I have to share a bathroom with you any longer, I’m going to kill myself. I don’t understand how you are able to get water on the very top of the mirror.”
“I have a gift.” 
She laughed. 
Just as I was closing the door, I heard Berlin shout, “Oh, can you buy me some Single A batteries?” 
I yelled okay. 
It would prove to be anything but. 

⠔

Berlin was still at the computer when I returned. 
I placed the three shopping bags on the kitchen counter and asked, “Find anything worth looking at?” 
She shrugged. “Three places. We’re looking at them tomorrow.” 
“Aye’ aye Captain.” 
She smiled. 
“I didn’t know what kind of cookies you wanted to make, so I just bought a bunch of different crap.” 
I wasn’t sure exactly what baking cookies entailed—being that I hadn’t made cookies since that awkward Christmas when I’d asked for an Easy Bake Oven—but I’d purchased all the ingredients needed to make cookies from scratch; flour, eggs, baking soda, salt, sugar, chocolate chips, oatmeal, raisins, peanut butter, sprinkles, three different icings. All that jazz. Then I’d bought a couple of the premade jobbies as well. Billsbury Halloween Sugar Cookies and a yellow tube of Nettle Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough. The latter of which I was squeezing a large portion into my mouth as we speak. 
Berlin gasped, “Gross!” 
I smiled, the gooey goodness squeezing out. 
She laughed then said, “I hope you get salmonella.” 
I garbled, “That’s not nice.” 
She laughed again. Then she asked, “Did you get my batteries?” 
I rummaged around two of the bags, mostly containing spaghetti paraphernalia, until I found the batteries. I said, “I got you the Lithiums,” and tossed the batteries to her. 
She caught the Energizers. 
Immediately, I knew I’d screwed up. 
Her face stiffened. “I told you to buy Single A batteries. These are Double A’s. 
I knew that she’d said Single A, but I’d played a PSP before, I knew they ran on Double A’s. “Trust me, those are the right batteries.” 
“No, they are not the right batteries.” 
“PSP’s run Doubles A’s. I’m positive. Nothing runs on Single A’s.”  I’d never in my life owned anything that ran on Single A batteries. 
Berlin thrust the batteries into my stomach and said, “Do those look a little small to you?” 
I looked at the batteries. They did appear a little small. They looked like Triples A’s, although in the top right they were clearly marked, “AA.” 
Berlin took a deep breath and said, “You know how some things here are the same and some things here are different. Well, this happens to be one of those times when things are different. Here, Triple A batteries are Double A batteries and Double A batteries are Single A batteries. That’s why I asked for Single A batteries. Single A Batteries.” 
“My bad.” 
Her jaw was clenched. This was first time I’d ever seen her upset. 
I said, “I’m sorry. I’ll buy you some Single A batteries next time I’m at the store.” 
She ignored me. She was busy rummaging through the seventy dollars worth of cookie accouterment I’d just purchased. After looking at all the ingredients, she started opening and closing cabinets. I’m not sure what she was looking for. She pulled out the small drawer underneath the oven. Shook her head. Groaned. 
She looked at me and said, “How exactly are we supposed to bake cookies if you didn’t buy any cookie sheets?” 
Cookie sheets! I knew I’d spaced something. 
Berlin didn’t give me a chance to respond. She stormed into my bedroom and slammed the door.

⠔

After thirty minutes of asking Berlin to unlock the door and hearing silence, I gave up. I thought about starting on the spaghetti, but I wasn’t sure if cooking the meal Berlin and I were supposed to cook together would compound the tantrum. I didn’t want Berlin to come out in twenty minutes, only to turn around and go right back in when she saw that I had started without her. 
To be honest, I didn’t have a clue what the answer to this riddle was. This was the first time I’d ever seen Berlin act, like, well a seven-year-old. Her tantrum had surprised me, but it shouldn’t have. Kids throw tantrums all the time. I’d run into one of my nannies from when I was younger and she had told me how I would throw a tantrum every time she took me to the grocery store because she refused to buy me Otter Pops. 
That being said, I found I was a little mad. Not mad, annoyed. I was annoyed Berlin would get upset over such a trivial matter. I didn’t want to think the word, but it kept surfacing in my brain. 
Brat. 
I thought it best if I left for a while to cool off. Didn’t want to say something in the heat of the moment that I couldn’t take back. And to add fuel to the fire, I was starving. And now I was cranky. 
It was after the dinner rush and the cafeteria was quiet. There were about ten people spread out in the large dining room. I didn’t want to spoil my appetite—I was being optimistic that spaghetti would still be made at some point that evening—but I needed to eat something before I went back. I headed to the salad bar, which never changed, grabbed a bowl and filled it with granola, then two heaping spoonfuls of strawberry yogurt. And one hard-boiled egg.
Then I retired to a table. This was the first time in two weeks I’d eaten without my little sidekick. It didn’t feel right. I let out a long sigh, then took a huge spoonful of granola and yogurt. 
“Mind if I sit down?” 
I looked up. It was the hot blonde who I’d caught sneaking glances at me a couple times, but never had the cojones to go talk to. I hadn’t seen her in almost a month. 
“Sure.” 
She pulled up the seat across from me and set down her tray. She was clad in a black hooded sweatshirt. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail. She had dark blue eyes. She had that California girl look about her. She was even hotter up close. She stuck out her hand and said, “I’m Erin.” 
I shook her hand. “Maddy. Nice to meet cha’.” 
I wasn’t nervous at all for some reason. Except, I did know the reason.  
Abby.  
Erin’s tray contained a large salad, some fruit, and an ice-cream cone. Just the cone. No ice-cream. I pointed to the lone cone and said, “Um, I think your cone ate all your ice-cream.” 
She laughed. Well, it was more of a giggle with accompanying arm flap. She said, “I always have ice-cream on Friday. Just planning ahead.” 
Great. A planner. 
“Are you gonna go for the vanilla, the chocolate, or the swirl?” 
“Vanilla.” 
“Racist.” 
She put her hand to her chest. “I am not.” 
“It was a joke. Vanilla. Get it.” 
I love explaining my jokes. So fun. 
Finally, it hit her and she giggled and flapped again. I think for a moment she went airborne. I made a mental note not to say anything else funny. 
After she composed, she asked, “Where’s your daughter?” 
“Oh, she’s not my daughter. Well, not exactly.”
I spent the next ten minutes recounting my relationship with Berlin. Erin did a lot of uh-huh-ing and no way-ing and right-right-ing and I contemplated throwing my hard-boiled egg at her three times. 
Talking about Berlin was getting me slightly emotional. I didn’t care if she was a brat. She was my brat. 
I told Erin I needed to get going and that it was nice to meet her. 
As I was standing, she asked, “So, can I take you out sometime?” 
This took me off guard. In fact, if the long white cafeteria table had transformed into Optimus Prime, I would have been less taken off guard. Here’s the deal, I’d been asked out by women on several different occasions and I had no problem telling them I wasn’t interested, but Erin was the most attractive woman who had ever asked me out. Granted I’d known her for all of twenty minutes and she’d already annoyed me to the point of mentally sewing her arms to her sides, but I still, kind of, sort of, wouldn’t mind, if she was down for it, maybe, to, I don’t know, have sex with her. 
I gave her my number. 
Men. 

⠔

Berlin was still locked in my room when I returned. I’d taken a quick trip back to All-Mart. I’d planned to run in and grab the correct batteries and some cookie sheets. I’d left with the correct batteries, cookie sheets, and a Nintendo Bii. 
I set the large box near the bedroom door, which was still locked, and said, “Hey kiddo, I just want to say that I’m sorry you are so upset. I don’t know why you got so upset over some batteries and some cookie sheets, and I’m sure there’s something else going on that you’re not telling me, but I’m sorry. Kay?” 
I’d rehearsed this in the car. Didn’t come out exactly as I wanted it, but it was close. I listened for a long minute, but she didn’t respond. 
I went to Plan B, bribery. “Okay, so I got you the right batteries and I bought cookie sheets. Oh, and I bought you a Nintendo Bii.” 
I listened for another minute. Nothing. Then I heard a couple footsteps. I thought she was going to open the door. She didn’t. She did say, “What games did you get?” 
I smiled. “Games? What do you mean?” 
“Yes, you do. What games did you get? Did you get the one that is like Mario Kart?” 
“Yep.”  It was called Kart Madness.  
I could see her smiling on the other side of the door. 
“What else?” 
“Bowling and some hunting game that comes with a big ass gun.” 
There was a click. A moment later, the door opened about two inches. I could see half of Berlin’s face. She asked, “Are you mad at me?” 
“I was a little mad. But not anymore.” 
“Promise?” 
I stuck my finger through the opening and said, “Pinky swear.” 
We pinky sweared. 
She opened the door the rest of the way and I picked her up. She started crying. I rubbed her small back and told her everything was okay. 
I wiped the tears from her eyes and said, “You gonna tell me what’s wrong kiddo?” 
She was doing that sniff-convulse-cry thing, but somehow managed, “Today is my mom’s birthday.” 
“Sweetie. Why didn’t you tell me?” 
“I don’t know. It’s stupid. I mean, she wasn’t even like a very good mom.” 
“Yeah, but she was still your mom kiddo. It’s okay to miss her.” 
“Yeah? You don’t think I’m weird?” 
“Of course I think you’re weird. But, I'll let you in on a secret, I'm weird too."
She smiled. "Yeah, you are."
I wiped the tears off her cheek again. “You want to know something. If I knew it was your mom’s birthday and you didn’t get a little sad, then I'd think it was weird.” 
“Okay.” She punched me in the arm. “Put me down weirdo.” 
I put her down. 
Tantrum complete. 
We made cookies, cooked spaghetti, and played Nintendo Bii until three in the morning. For the first time in a longtime, I didn’t think about the strange place I’d found myself in. I didn’t think about Borns or Keepers. Or languages that didn’t exist. I didn’t care whether I was dead or alive. I didn’t for one moment think about Erin or Abby. All I cared about was the little girl with the big red gun in her hands laughing her head off after each moose that she killed. 
It was a night I would think of often. 
After she was taken.



Author’s Note

Dear Reader,

You are probably cursing me right now, asking how I have the nerve to end a book with so many unanswered questions. Well, now you know how Maddy feels.  Hahahahhahaha.  I have the story outlined for six books and many of your questions will be answered in Borns (Maddy Young Saga 2) which should be out sometime in January of February. (There is a countdown clock at www.nickthriller.com.) And I promise the following four books by the end of 2014.  Pinky swear.  Thanks for reading.  Tell your friends.  And don’t be afraid to scribble a quick review on Amazon.

God is Love.

Nick

November 21, 2013

