NOY World:
A futuristic tale of
devastation and devolution

by David K. Dodd
Copyright 2013 David K. Dodd
Smashwords Edition
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the
author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events,
locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Cover design by Patrick Fisher
Table of Contents
Dedication
Preface
Part I – Karina
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Part II – Roberto
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Part III – Daniella
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Acknowledgments
About David K. Dodd
Also by David K. Dodd
Dedicated to:

 All who work feverishly for the earth’s future,
by attempting to reduce
our carbon footprint.
Preface
Cataclysmic climate change has scorched the planet, leaving a natural environment that barely supports life. The once burgeoning human population has been decimated, and the few survivors live austerely in widely separated villages dominated by NOY, the ruling class.
Readers of this novella will be stunned by the stark human reality. Very little culture is left: Gone are arts and literature, formal education, and entertainment. Political and economic systems no longer exist, and religion is dead. Time is kept not by clocks and calendars but by the sun and moon. Only one language is spoken, and the alphabet has been truncated. Certain numbers have sloughed off, resulting in odd counting that suggests humans may have extra fingers and toes.
This novella is told by three individuals who, along with their closest friends, cope with their humdrum existence and eventually conspire for a better tomorrow. The antagonistic force is always NOY, which carefully controls every detail of their lives and modifies their behavior through food rationing and forced migration. Even breeding is carefully regulated. Yet, NOY can paradoxically bestow limited freedoms that offer a glimmer of satisfaction.
Karina, Roberto, and Daniella are close friends who risk moving away to separate villages in order to pursue a better future. Readers will be captivated as they witness how the human spirit survives the nearly total degeneration of the surrounding environment.
Karina
1
I WANNA HAVE A BEBE. I remember thinking that many lunars ago. It came on to my head so fast and then I could not shake it off. I was not as old back then, almost a kid still. But it took me over. I remember thinking before how complicated it would be, how hard. Yet I wanted it.
I am not so young now. I don’t think I was stoopid back then, let’s just say I am smarter now. It was even more complicated than my mind said.
Daniella looks so much like me. When new peeps see us nesk to each other, like at rashon, they stare. She is less lunars than me. Jeremias says I am probably more than twenty or even twenty-five. Daniella is much younger but more than a kid, I know. But she has my blond hair and is the same tall, about the same around, maybe a little less on upper. Daniella and I get along real great—we talk, play, go to bath together. I call her Dani and she calls me Kari. But Dani is not my best friend, Reina is.
I like work. You don’t usually say that to anyone but I know most peeps do, least I think so. There’s not much else to do but baths. Funny that I work at the baths. And clean mats. I like working baths better than mats.
You don’t gripe about work though. Everyone knows what the worst job is, and if you gripe in front of NOY, you get it. When I first came to this vill, I worked in treens. Jeremias says treen work is a welcome gift but I don’t know what he means. He says a lot that I don’t get—he knows so much! Maybe everything. I usually just nod when I don’t get him, but he knows when I am stumped so he esplains it to me.
“When you come to Vill 12231984, they assign you to treens and you’re supposed to act like you really like it, or they will just keep you working there. Treat it like a gift.” I knew what he was getting at, I just didn’t know what gift is. Then Jeremias said they give it to you again when you leave 1223, as a going away gift. I nodded again, but he asked me anyway, “Didn’t you get treens when you left your old vill? I said, “I no remember,” because I didn’t. He said, “You were too young, not enough lunars,” and I nodded once more. He was right—again! I don’t know how long I’ve been at 1223, but it’s been a long time. Later I asked Reina, and she said when she came to 1223, she got treens too. Her gift.
Anyway, we’ve got four bath pools and they all get cleaned two times each sun-moon. Right after first bath and again right after second bath. It makes sense. No one wants to soak in dirty water.
Mats is fun too, but only because I am paired with someone I really like—Dani! We pick them up and hang them, then she and some others start to wipe while I sweep the area. Or I wipe and Dani sweeps. She likes to wipe more, I like sweeping. Jeremias says we make a real team. I just nod. Sometimes NOY decides who wipes and who swipes. Really it’s “sweep,” of course—Dani and me just made up a little joke like “you wipe, me swipe,” but you can’t let NOY hear you or they might think you’re griping. Jere says they can be paranoid. I don’t get the word, but I think I get eksactly his meaning and when I nod, he knows it my I know nod.
It’s funny how some peeps like rashon best and some bath. You can ask them at rashon and again at bath, and what they say the first time they say again. Reina says it all depends on how big their rashon is. “Peeps only see what in front of them,” she says. “If it small, they no like rashon. Like bath more. If it big, rashon is better. If rashon just norm,” Rei says, “your guess good as mine.” I nod. Then we play our game. First look at their rashon, then ask them and see if Rei is right. “You got a thee-ree”—that’s what Jeremias calls it.
Rei and me usually go to bath together. I mean to the same pool, because there are four pools at bath. You have to go to bath unless you’re sick and NOY says okay. We like to go to second bath time, not first, but sometimes you don’t get to choose—NOY chooses. Second is better, especially if it’s really hot and dust is blowing. Plus, if you go to first bath, what do you do for the rest of the sun-moon? When I say that to Jere, he comes back with, “Look to the foo-chur.” I don’t even nod. He just smiles, knowing me.
It’s Rei and me together at bath along with some friends, all together. But at boy-girl bath—we get that just once a kwarter-moon—when the boys get there and climb in, we girls stop talking. We listen to the boys talk, then walk around a little till we’re right nesk to boys. NOY watches but doesn’t really care. “Too bored,” Rei says.
When I get to sit nesk to Roberto, that’s the best. He works caballos. It’s fun when he talks about his work. Each caballo has a name and I always ask him which one is his favorite. When he says “Viento,” I make a wind sound with my mouth and laugh. He just nods. Then I ask which is his nesk favorite. He kind of looks mad, but just play-mad, I know. He says “Huracán,” then makes a face like a storm, like he’s real mad, and I laugh. Hard.
I can’t help it and go on, “Who your nesk favorite?” Now he turns his back to me, pretending I’m gone. I just laugh. Then I get real kwiet to make him think I’m really gone! He looks over his shoulder, then looks kwick toward NOY. It’s clear so he splashes me with his arm. I don’t mind—I really like his arm.
It reminds me of the first time I saw Roberto. Dani and I went to see the caballos. NOY says it’s okay right after second rashon. And that’s when the caballos are friskay, Jeremias calls them. They’re fun to watch, even funner when the boys are riding them. Those caballos are so strong, running on four legs, tails straight out from their butts.
Dani saw him first, yelling Look! The caballo was running real fast, that’s what Dani meant, but all I saw was arms! Rider’s arms. They were so strong and dark, even in the sun. He was holding the caballo’s mane real tight and leaning forward. I don’t know if everyone was watching, but I sure was. And Dani too. They rode past us, I looked at the big brown caballo butt, all bare, and above it Bobby’s little butt, cloth covered. That’s what I call Roberto a lot—Bobby.
I think he likes it when I call him Bobby, but he doesn’t smile much. You just have to guess. And I call him other things: Robo, Berto, Berbot, Bobber, Terbo. After about name three, he acts annoyed and ignores me. One time I got annoyed at him and called him Caballo Butt. That made him stop ignoring, I thought he was gonna grab my face! But he looked at NOY and knew he better not.
I applied to work caballos. It would be fun to work around Viento and Huracán, though I know Bobby couldn’t be there at the same time, plus I would have to wear a skutt. It makes no sense that girls must wear skutts even when no boys are there, but NOY guards says it’s for high geen. I don’t know what that means, but NOY hardly ever talks so I think it must be real importante. When girls work caballos, they scoop up drops and carry them to a big pile. That’s just the facks, Jeremias tells me. Boys train caballos, boys breed them, boys feed, girls scoop. Jere is almost always right but he forgets that girls brush too. At least that’s what Rei says, and she worked caballos many moons ago.
She never tells me why she stopped working at caballos. Now all she does is just heft bales to the caballo area. She is so strong and can do that. I can’t and Dani sure can’t. I think NOY caught Rei riding caballos. I asked her but she just shrugged and shook her head. Then I asked if NOY cut her rashon, too, but she just shook her head more.
I don’t care what went wrong for Rei, I still want to work caballos. To touch them. Smell them. Feel their heat.
Rei tells me one time some boys killed a caballo.
I say, “When, how?” Really what I most want to know is why. 
She says, “In middle of mats—when NOY not around, they probably sleeping.”
“How?” I ask again.
“With rocks, how else?”
“They kill caballo just with rocks?” I can’t believe what my ears hear. “NOY no hear caballo complain?”
“I no there, just what I hear from boys.”
“Boys lie, you think?” That’s what I was hoping.
“I no think so. NOY riled up nesk sun-moon. Go around, try to get boys to say who kill caballo.”
I wonder, could Bobby have killed one? But I don’t ask Rei. “Did they find which boys?”
“Never did, and no boy ever told. That the good thing about boys. And good thing about NOY, really. They drop it. Plenty more caballos.”
“Why they kill that caballo, Rei.”
“They say caballo mean, he bite and kick boys. They hate that caballo.”
“When this all happen?”
“Long time ago. I just come to vill. You much younger. You remember when I come to 1223?”
I don’t remember, so I just look down. Then I had to know. “Did Bobby kill that caballo?”
“I no know who killed caballo, I no wanna know. No boys say. It all past. NOY make all boys dig hole for dead caballo, put it in, ‘That the end of it all,’ NOY say.”
★
You have to touch your thumb to a machine to get your rashon. First, you thumb test—that tells NOY who you are and tells you which dispense tube to go to. Go to wrong one, nothing happens. Just go to the right one and behave. You fool around too much, you get no rashon.
Once, Jere say, “NOY is like San Nicolás.”
“Esplain me,” I say.
“NOY know when you been bad or good,” he say.
I don’t know what Jere is talking about. Sometimes he annoys me. All I know is I want a full rashon.
“Pink rashon same as yellow same as beige,” Rei says.
I argue, “No, they taste different.”
She says, “Your taste is in your head.”
I say, “Don’t be stoopid, my taste in my mouth.” When Rei acts like that, I think I know why she doesn’t work caballos anymore—too stoopid! But she is still my best friend. Not counting Bobby. Probably better than Dani, she’s fun but too young to know a lot like I do.
I can’t let it drop and argue back, saying, “Then why rashon different colors?”
“To tease our minds, stoopid,” she says. I can’t think of a single smart answer—maybe I really am stoopid.
Rashon is a good time of sun-moon because of body needs. My stomach is always ready and tells me when it’s time. I don’t even have to look to see others moving to dispenser area, my body already tells me.
I don’t care what Rei says, I like pink best. But color is not as importante as how much. There are three amounts—low, norm, and high. Everyone wants high, of course, but they’re happy with norm. Very happy. Small means hunger pain. Small is what you get if you do bad things, or sometimes everyone gets it and then tries to guess why. NOY never esplains it. Jeremias says, Life is a guess. You don’t like it, then don’t guess.
But sometimes you know. When Dani was younger, she got mad and yelled at the NOY guard. NOY didn’t scold her, just smiled a little. Then Dani got three sun-moons of low rashon. She cried but learned not to yell again.
Three sun-moons is not too hard. When NOY puts us on group low, it’s usually for three sun-moons. “Just to teach us,” Rei thinks out loud. “That just a guess,” I say. I really like Rei but we argue lot.
Rei knows all about low rashon. She got low for a long time, she tells me, more than thirty sun-moons. It about killed her.
“Why that happen?” I really wanted to know.
“It a long story,” she said.
“We got time, tell me.” I wanted to know about it real bad.
“Nesk time at bath when not many there. Then I tell you.” I can’t wait.
After that, for maybe four sun-moons, bath was always crowded. Too many peeps, when you don’t want them. Finally, Rei and I stayed in bath late, almost time for last rashon. Most peeps were already out of bath, wanting to get ready for last rashon.
I said, “Now, Rei. It perfect.” She looked around and knew I was right. Just her and me and over there pretty far a group of younger girls. Dani was with them but she wouldn’t bother us, I could tell, because she was having fun. The NOY guard is between us and them. “Sittin on her ash,” Rei said, like she always does. It makes me laugh. It would get Rei low rashon if NOY heard, but Rei knows it, so she is careful.
“What you do so bad to get low rashons for so long?” I was really dying to know.
She looked at me and started to cry. I almost started crying too, but I really wanted to know— also I felt mad. I had waited so long, Rei making it like some big guess.
NOY looked over and Rei acted like she got water in her eyes and coughed a little to make it real. Then she shifted her body, turning her back to the guard, and now she was ready to talk. I moved over for her so she could get all the water force. That fast water feels good and everyone likes it, but Rei is my friend and I knew she needed it more then than I did. I really like her.
“In previous vill, I got . . . . You know, Kari. Don’t make me esplain all of it.”
I don’t know and looked down, shame on me. Sometimes I feel real stoopid. I took a guess: “You hit NOY guard?”
“Don’t be stoopid, Kari.” Then she waited for me to guess again, but I didn’t fall for that.
“I got bred. It happen so fast.” Then Rei began talking real fast, like she finally wanted to get it out. “I working caballos, my shift almost over. Boys came early, before I got all drops picked up. I think, Should I leave and get low rashon for no finish work, or stay and get low rashon for be with boys?
“I never told anybody whole story, Kari. You lucky you my friend.”
I wanted to move closer to Rei, to touch her, but I’m not that stoopid. Stayed put.
“What happen?” I asked, still dying to know.
“I normal leave when boys come, but it Juan. He my one, like Bobby yours. We always look at each other at bath, I can tell he like me. I watch him at caballos and he in my dream at night. So that sun-moon I see Juan and he come to me between caballos. NOY changing shift, girl guards leave before boy guards get there. I move around front of one caballo and then am standing between two others. He come around back, then we real close. Real close, I never been so close to a boy. I lean back against Diablo—that Juan’s favorite caballo, so mine too. Juan lean into me.”
I couldn’t believe my ears, thought Rei was dreaming it all, but she began crying again so I knew it was no act.
“It over real kwick and then I finish pick up drops and leave fast. As I going, I look back at Juan but he already gone. I think, I love that. Will do again.”
“You get caught?”
“No.”
“Do it again?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Never see Juan again.” 
2
I can’t get out of mind what Reina told me. Juan bred her! I don’t even want to think about it—how terrible. Not about getting bred, but everything after that. I tried to stop her but Rei told me anyway. She said it made her feel better to tell it, but I say it made me feel worse.
I usually clean baths early sun, but sometimes mid-sun, right after second rashon. Must be cleaned two times every sun-moon, NOY guard says, and cleaned good! When I first heard that, I looked at guard, with kwestion in my eye. She said, “Clean good for own good!” Then she smiled, enjoying her own joke.
Vill bath has four pools and nine of us clean together. That makes two for each pool. First, we use moppers all around the pools, then use towels to clean the edges. We have to bend over to get everything real good. The moppers we dip into one bucket but the towels into a different bucket. Some say NOY puts the same likwid in both buckets, but I say why? That seems stoopid. If same, then why two buckets? NOY can have fun tricking us, but I say they’re too lazy to bother.
One time every kwarter-moon, we drain all the pools and do a full clean. That’s fun at first but it’s a lot of work and makes me tired. At least I don’t have to clean mats when we full-clean the pools. Mat peeps just have to do dubba-duty.
Of course, I’m a mat peep too but never have dubba-duty. Cleaning mats isn’t as fun as baths but it goes faster. You just hang them up on long lines, then wipe them off and wait for the sun to do the rest of the job. While we wait, we talk and talk. Dani is so funny and talks real fast. I wonder if I was just like her not so many moons ago. Jeremias sometimes says “lunar years” instead of “many moons” but I don’t know what he means. Same thing, I guess.
He says, “Young, younger, bebes, and old timers like me.”
“What is time?” I gotta know.
“Sun moves like time and moon moves like longer time.” I nod but still don’t know what time is.
When I see Dani running around and even smiling at NOY, it makes me smile. I wonder if I ran around, laughing and smiling at NOY when I was her lunar number. Also wonder if I looked just like her back then. Our skin now is the same dark color, our size about the same, our hair the same. Maybe she’ll turn into me some sun-moon!
Dani says she wants to ride a caballo.
I say, “No allowed.”
“Why?”
“Ask NOY.” Then I think she might really ask a guard, so I practically yell, “No ask NOY!” I look at the guard to make sure she didn’t hear me.
Dani pretends she’s gonna walk right up to NOY to ask. She looks back at me but I just ignore her. She’s not that stoopid after I warn her. NOY is good teacher—low rashon teaches you real fast.
When you do something stoopid or just annoy NOY, you get a low rashon. Jere calls it “punishment.” When I was less moons, I asked Rei, “How you know you get low rashon?” “No worry—you know!” Then she grabbed her stomach skin and twisted it real hard. My body said ouch just watching that.
After she esplained, I started watching peeps at rashon and saw how some eat real slow and some eat fast. Still it’s hard to tell who got low rashon. Different rashon color or different amount? At every rashon I try to answer this kwestion. We usually have three rashon dispense tubes but sometimes just two, each a different color. After the thumb test tells you which tube to go to, you hold out your plate, push the button, and then get rashon.
Some peeps move their plates around so rashon goes all over, they say it makes it look bigger. Other peeps just pile high, say that makes it look bigger. I say no difference, I still get a knot in stomach. Jeremias calls it pang. “Peeps get used to pangs when they are on low rashon a long time,” he says. I don’t want to find that out.
Every time I say I like pink rashon best, Rei argues me again, “They all the same.”
I like to challenge her but we’ve argued it to death, so I say nothing and let her think she’s right. Rei is really stoopid, as stoopid as me. Maybe more. She’s the one that got bred.
About one time every kwarter-moon, we get something special at last rashon. It’s called bed and it’s a real “treat”—another word Jeremias uses. It’s hard to esplain it, but it doesn’t come from a tube. Workers just hand you a piece and you can put it on your plate or just hold it in your hand. Some peeps skweeze it hard into a little ball, then nibble it for a long time. Others break bed off into pieces and push it through rashon, then pop it into their mouths.
I usually eat my bed in five or seven small bites, hoping to make each one last a long time. Edge of bed is hard and scrapes my mouth, but if I hold a piece in my mouth long enough, it starts to change taste. Tastes real good. When it’s all gone, then I eat rashon—it feels good on mouth scrapes but tastes even worse after eating bed. All I know, I love bed, just wish we got it every sun-moon, not every kwarter-moon.
NOY is real bossy at rashon time. “No nonsense time for NOY,” Jere once said. “Must watch peeps real close, or they get low rashon.” When I heard him say that, I laughed like it was a funny joke. But Jere shook his head, like he meant, “Not a joke.” Or maybe he meant, “Kari no gets it.”
Lots of “no” rules at rashon. No touch any plate but own. No touch each other. Talk but not too loud. “Absolootly no trading,” NOY says real loud at beginning of every rashon. “Trade what?” Rei whispers, annoyed. “Any leftovers, must turn in to NOY,” the guard announces. Peeps in front nod but peeps behind the guard cover their laughs. Rei always gets very angry. She whispers again, saying, “Who no eat all rashon? Have to be dead. I shove it up self before I give it to NOY. They probably get big rashon every time, no need ours.” I put my finger up to my lips, like we learned to do when we were kids, to warn Rei. But she knows what she is doing. She hates NOY more than I do, maybe more than any peeps do.
Sometimes, we all get a big rashon. It’s a puzzle we try to solve, but I never hear anyone complain. It’s great. Even though there is so much more, I eat it all and so do all the peeps. Almost feel happy about things and want to thank NOY. Rei says, “Caballo-shi.” It’s about her favorite word. She says that if caballos were ever at rashon and heard some peep thank NOY, all the caballos would shi at once. I say, “Caballos not that smart.” She says, “Smart enough.”
★
I like baths better than rashon, better than work, too. Rashon and work are about the same. Some say rashon is work. I don’t know about that but I know bath is always fun. Peeps loosen up and even NOY guards seem to relaks.
First bath is before second rashon and second bath is before third rashon. You get to choose which bath you want. Not both, of course. With some jobs, like caballos, you only get second bath. Why? Because most caballo jobs are during first bath. After second rashon, caballos rest and their keepers go to bath. Funny to say that. Caballos really have it made—I don’t think caballos even have a rashon. Probably get to eat all they want, maybe when they want. Not fair! But they don’t get bath, I don’t think.
At bath time, we all walk there together. It takes a little while but we talk and laugh as we walk. Nothing is better than heading to bath. It is so dusty everywhere, and when the wind blows hard, everyone changes color and we become dust peeps. It gets in your hair and eyes and all body openings. You look around everywhere, hoping the wind ends and the dust settles down. It never happens, though.
Sometimes you look around and see clouds. Clouds could mean rain but it almost never rains. Maybe one time every two or three full-moons, and then just a little. A “dustoff,” some peeps call it. If we get a big rain, we call it a “deloog.” With a deloog, you get dirt in baths. Then you don’t want to work at baths, it’s too hard to get them clean.
When we get to bath, we spray off our body dust before we get in. NOY lets us spray together and even spray each other. That’s fun. Then we step down into the pool and take our spots, sit nesk to our favorite peeps. Far away from our unfavorites. After everyone is in and all ready, the water starts up, moving against our bodies. Feels so good that peeps, especially young ones, laugh and skweel. You aren’t allowed to splash or hug each other but can hold hands, even touch feet if you want to. Sometimes Rei and I do. Dani stays with her own group. We aren’t supposed to move around, but if Dani’s group is near mine, sometimes she moves nesk to me and we talk and laugh. It’s so good to be near her, just watching her is funny.
There are some big decisions about bath. Like I said, we get to choose first bath or second, and even that is hard to decide. Most peeps like second bath best. Work is all done and it’s good to loosen up right before third rashon. Bad part is, sometimes it’s crowded and the water seems dirtier, and if the air is really hot, even the bath is too hot. Then you say, I switch to first bath and take care of those problems, but at first bath, you get out, have second rashon, and then work again. Now you’re all hot after working and you just have to sit around, waiting till last rashon, then wait some more for sleep time. Nothing good to look forward to for the rest of sun-moon, cept rashon.
Bath with boys is the best. We get it only once every kwarter-moon, about like bed. But it thrills me, just like eating bed. NOY is very strict at boy-girl bath, not like when girls-only. You can’t even hold hands or touch. You do, out you go. Do it again, low rashon. If you’re really stubborn and try it one more time, no more boy-girl bath, and low rashon. Too much to lose. I try to sit nesk to Bobby every time. That’s how I get to know him, how I know he likes me too. He doesn’t smile much but I can tell. His voice is real low. Sometimes I even have to lean close to him to hear. You’d think he would talk louder but he never does. Rei say he wants me to lean closer, that’s why he talks that way. I say no, that’s not why, Bobby talks soft to every peep, probably even to caballos.
Bobby tells me all about working caballos. He loves it. He says he’ll never futt up, doesn’t want to lose the best job in whole vill. He keeps telling himself that NOY is a good friend, that he likes NOY, keep smiling and obey fast. Caballos are worth it. Then he says he does the same in boy-girl bath. It’s worth it. Don’t futt up. That makes me feel good.
I ask Bobby what it’s like to be boy, what’s best and worst. He says, “Caballos is best.”
His answer annoys me and I respond a little too loudly, “Of course!” Then I catch myself and talk regularly, “You say that every time. But tell me how boy life is different from girl life?”
“Probably about the same.”
I find that hard to believe and tell him. “Boys seem so different. Don’t talk as much as girls but move around more. Seem louder. Right?”
Bobby doesn’t have much of an answer. He just says, real softly, “Probably. Not much to say.”
“How are they different, Bobby? What do boys like and not like?”
“Like rashon. Like bed. Don’t like work unless it’s caballos. Don’t like sleeping on mats—too hot. Don’t like wearing cloth when around girls.”
“You don’t wear cloth when it’s all boys?” I couldn’t believe my ears. I thought boys were always covered.
“Only at boy-girl bath or at caballos. When girls around, cloths go on. Boy peeps don’t mind cept cloth no feels good. Especially in bath.”
“You don’t wear cloth in boy-bath?”
“Of course not.”
I keep wondering if Bobby is “pulling my leg”—that is what Jeremias says when he teases me. My mind wanders a little and I think I want Bobby to pull my leg.
“Do girls wear skutts all the time?” Bobby asks me. 
“Of course not,” I say, using his answer. But he just smiles like he already knows the answer.
He asks, “Why not?” We both glance over at the NOY guard.
“Same as boys, I guess,” but then I think about it some more. Bobby is deep, he makes me think. “NOY sets the rules.”
“Where you put skutts on?” 
My face turns color—because of Bobby, not the hot water. “We put them on at mat area, then walk to bath. After bath, walk back to mats and take them off. Now change subject, okay?” I don’t tell him what we have to do after taking our skutts off. None of his business.
Sometimes Bobby and me don’t even talk in bath. We just sit there, leaning back a little, enjoying. Sometimes he hums a little. I try to hum back but it sounds stoopid. I really like just listening to him hum. Sometimes he lets his foot touch mine. I think he means to. First time, I pulled my foot back, but when he did it again, I let him. It makes me feel real good inside. It’s against rules, but the water is not clear and the guards probably can’t see it. And sometimes I think NOY doesn’t even care. That’s what I tell myself.
The very first time Bobby touched me, I got nervous, then I started in with the nittnames. While he hummed, I said, “Berto.” Waited a little, then “Robo.” “Boro.” “BoyErto.” He stopped humming. Then he took his foot away.
Nesk time it happened, two boy-girl baths later, I think, I wasn’t so nervous. And I didn’t start saying nittnames. I just closed my eyes a little and enjoyed. He moved his foot to my ankle. I didn’t pull back, and he left it there—for a long time. Then bath ended. As always, the girls got out first, and NOY made the boys look the other way while we rinsed off, fast. Then we left. As the boys were getting out, I fast-looked back at them, with their funny little cloths. I couldn’t wait for nesk boy-girl bath.
3
I can’t stop thinking about all the rest that Reina told me. Not just that Juan bred her against a caballo and she never saw him again. That was hard to hear but not as hard as the rest of it.
Rei said she knew right away that she was bred with a bebe.
“How you know?”
“I knew. My body told me.”
“Your body talked?” I knew it didn’t.
“My body had little changes—hard to esplain. Then I got real, real hungry, no could wait for nesk rashon, dream every night about high rashons, one after another. That how my body told me.”
“What you mean?” I asked, trying not to be stoopid, just really wondering.
“It feel like there a little voice in me crying for food, and I know it not my hunger, it a bebe.”
It made me sad for Rei but eksited, too. “You get a bebe, just like that?” I tried to snap my finger how I see boys do sometimes in bath.
“No be stoopid, Kari. That the way it works—the way bebes made. It not hard.”
“What NOY say?”
“NOY no say anything. No need to—they know and I know. NOY do just what it always do. You no have plan, but we do. You carry bebe, but it ours.”
I don’t know what to say. Trying not to cry, I looked at Rei, my eyes locked on hers.
“You wanna know more, Kari?”
I nodded.
“NOY medic check me over and she can tell. NOY not mean to me, just follow their plan. First, move me to different vill. Others there with bebes in stomachs. We all get high rashon, my body love that. Bed almost every sun-moon. It taste so good. We no do much work and get to go to bath two times every sun-moon. But bath not hot—a little cool even. All us girls sit in bath, trying to think what to talk about. We no work, we just eat, sleep, go to bath. Sometimes throw rocks for fun. Talk about our stomachs all the time and wonder where NOY gonna send us after bebe. Wonder if we ever see each other again.”
I butted in, wanting to know more. “Did any girls ever have bebe before?”
Reina shook her head. I don’t know if that meant No or Don’t be stoopid. I’m smart enough not to say any more. I wait.
She went on. “When a girl get real big, NOY talk to her and esplain it all. Tell her she be sent to different vill, called ‘DeLivRe Vill.’ I think that what they say. Tell her to no tell other girls, our turn come soon. Then big girl get on tran and off she go. But before she do, she whisper to us about it.”
“Did she come back with a bebe?”
“No. That’s not the plan. When I get big, NOY tell me the plan, and no bebe in my foochur.
“They call my bebe no-jit and send it to different vill. A few sun-moons later, NOY ship me to new vill where I never been. Say I can tell other girls about no-jit if I wanna but no have to if no wanna. I no wanna.”
“How that bebe come out?”
“They make me sleep and cut me open, just take bebe. I wake up and ask, ‘Where bebe?’ NOY say, ‘Bebe fine, no worry.’”
I butted in. “Boy or girl?”
That’s when Reina started to cry, then said, “That’s what I ask NOY. They just say, ‘Not boy or girl, just no-jit.’”
I couldn’t help it, had to ask Rei more, “What bebe look like? I no mean, look like boy or girl. Just how it look?”
“I no ever see bebe. That’s the plan. No ever touch or smell it.”
“You have another bebe the right way?”
“No more bebes for Reina.” Funny how she called herself Reina. “Right way or wrong—no more.”
“How that be?”
“NOY fiks me so no more. Then say, ‘No more breeding, it not natural if you can’t have bebe anymore.’ They wait a little and then ask, ‘You know what happen if you breed again?’
“‘No rashon?’ I guess. NOY guard smile a little, then say, ‘NOY not cruel.’”
“What they mean?” I asked.
“They mean low rashon, that’s what I get for two full moons. They esplain, it just because I on high rashon all the time with bebe. Not punishment, they say. Make it fair to other peeps.”
My head swirled. I couldn’t wait to get to bath to figure it all out.
★
Nesk boy-girl bath, I almost ran there, trying to be early. NOY just looked at me. I don’t care, had to be ready. I stood at the start area, in my skutt, waiting for the boys to come in their cloths. Waited and waited, seems like the sun wasn’t even moving.
Finally they came and I saw him. I can’t wait to get in bath, to sit nesk to him. NOY gave sidnal and in we went, and I got as close to him as allowed. He looked surprised. But he knows me so well, he said, “Kari, I have a hunch you’re here to pick my brane.”
That’s eksactly right and I told him so.
Then I started. “My friend tell me about she have bebe but NOY take it away. She say no more bebes for her, ever. Tell me all about how it work.”
“You want a bebe, don’t you, Kari.”
I was stunned. He read my brane.
“What do you want to know?”
I didn’t know where to begin, so nervous. I glanced across the pool, seeing Roberto. He stared at me, looking funny, like his brane said, “Wat-up?”
“Sorry, but you gonna need to tell me everything, Jeremias.”
“Where to start? What do you know now?”
My face turned color but I didn’t care. I just jumped in, keeping my toes crossed, hoping I could talk right. “I know about breeding and how bebe begin and end. But how to do it so bebe is legit?”
“NOY sets all the rules, Kari, you know it. They almost make you beg to get on list, will ask you many kwestions, try to talk you out of it.”
“If they no want us to make bebe, why let us beg?”
“NOY doesn’t have to esplain so they don’t. But I’ve been around long enough to figure most of it out. And I’ve gone through it.”
“You make bebe?” I practically yelled, then put my hand over my big mouth. Stoopid. The NOY guard turned and saw it was me.
“The boy doesn’t actually make the bebe, you know. Just helps breed.”
“Why you wanna breed, Jere?”
“Now you’re catching on. That’s eksactly what NOY is going to ask you. Maybe first thing, maybe second.”
“What you say when they ask you?”
“I’m telling you what not to say. Don’t say you want a bebe to hold it, keep it. Don’t say you want a bebe to get a high rashon. Don’t say you really like boys, want to breed with them.”
“What do I say?”
“You have to think for yourself, but I said, ‘I want to do more for NOY than just jobs, clean and help with caballos. I’ve been a good member for many lunars and do all jobs I’m given—haven’t got low rashon for many lunars.”
“We all got low rashon just last full moon. You too, right?”
“Low group rashon is not bad, Kari. It’s when you’re bad yourself, yell or break the bath rules, don’t work, then you get a low self rashon. They know, keep track of it all somehow. You just have to be honest, tell the trooth.”
“You so smart, Jeremias.” I moved a little closer to him, and he didn’t move away.
“What happen if I tell trooth and get picked? Where they send me? What I have to do?”
“First thing, you apply and answer their kwestions just right. Be honest, say how good you have been and how you want to do more for NOY. They won’t believe you, of course, but at least you will be on the right track—show them that you are smart. They are not real choosy, but they’ll test you. And they’ll put you on low rashon for a kwarter-moon, maybe a half-moon.”
“Why they do that? Punish me for wanting bebe?”
“Think about it. If you make bebe, you’ll get high rashon for ten full-moons. Everybody wants that. NOY would have long lines of peeps asking to breed if they make it too easy.” 
“What else NOY make me do?”
“You might never come back to this vill, Kari.”
“What!”
“That’s part of it. You have to want to make a bebe more than you want your vill, or even your friends, more than norm rashon. . . . You still want a bebe?”
I nodded, then looked over at Bobby.
“If you do everything just right, NOY might let you come back to this vill. Who knows? But if you are bad, break rules, off to a strange vill you will go. Plus get low rashon.”
“Start at beginning. Tell me all.” Then I thought, how does Jere know all of this? “How many bebes you breed?”
“Two times I’ve gone through it all.”
“You like it?”
“First time, yes. Great. Second time, no. You want to know everything or just listen to me blab?”
I moved my ankle a little so it touched Jere’s leg. He didn’t move or even look at NOY, so I knew it was okay. “I wanna know everything.”
“You tell NOY you want to apply for breeding. They’ll say okay and set you up to interview. They will ask you kwestions, like we’ve already talked about. You say the right answers, and act serious.
“If they accept you, they will send you to the medics, who will look you over, outside and inside. You ready for that?”
“I no care. Keep on.”
“Then NOY will ship you off to Moma Vill. Rule is: don’t tell anyone goodbye. Not Reina, not Dani. On the tran you go.
“It’s a long tran ride. You’ll get to Moma Vill finally. I’m not sure what that’s like, because boys don’t go there, of course. But I hear you get high rashon and can talk to momas, learn what to do for breeding, and so on. After two full-moons, they check you, make sure your body can make a bebe.
“Back on tran you go, this time to Breed Vill. There you will be, all alone. You stay by yourself, in a small tent. You know what ‘tent’ is?”
I shake my head no.
“A tent is just a little place with a mat and a roof. NOY doesn’t want you to see anyone, to talk to anyone during the whole time. You are there just to breed.”
“They teach you how to breed?”
“They don’t teach you what to do, just what not to do. . . you ready for more?”
“Tell me.”
“You go to an inside place, a big rectang building. Go over all the rules, one more time. You will wear hood, so you can’t see anything or anyone. Don’t touch the hood. Don’t hold the boy, don’t even touch him. You can’t say one word, don’t make any noise. Keep legs apart. That’s about all.”
“Do it hurt?”
“I don’t know. I’m not the girl. But it didn’t hurt me. Felt kind of good. Really good sometimes.”
“Boys wear hood?”
“The rules are the same for boys—wear a hood, don’t touch or hold anything cept the grips for your hands, don’t say a word, don’t yell. Keep going till NOY says to stop.”
“Who the boy is?”
“You never know that. That’s what the hoods are for.”
“Maybe Bobby? If he go, too?”
“You’re dreaming, Kari. Even if Bobby were chosen and went to Breed Vill, what chance is there that you would get him? But with the hoods, you would never know, and neither would he.”
“Reina got bred at caballos. That seem much better.”
“How did it work out for Reina?”
“They took her away, take bebe, she never see it, they fiks her so no more bebes. I no should tell you all this.”
“I’ve heard it before. What happened to Reina happens to others, always ends the same. Not good for the moma.”
“How many times do the girl go to breed building? Just once?”
“No, lots. Could be every sun-moon for half a moon, could even be for a full moon. But count on one time, maybe two times, every sun-moon.”
“Same boy every time?”
“Karina, you must listen better. You have a hood on your head, he has a hood on his head. You make no noise, he makes no noise. All you feel is your breeding part, and that’s all the boy feels. Could it be Bobby? It could be. Could be NOY. You’ll never know.”
Jeremias is so smart. If he were less lunars, I might like him more than Bobby. I think about how he sat nesk to me in bath that sun-moon, how he talked to me, how he is so smart, so nice. How I kept my ankle on his leg. I think about his brane, how he knows so much. I want to know everything just like Jere does. Sometimes I dream about putting my mouth right on his, closing my eyes, letting all his smart thinking go right into my stoopid brane. Neither of us wearing hoods.
Roberto
4
I looked and looked at Karina, as she sat there so close to Jeremias in bath. I could tell how her brane was going so fast, her eyes stuck on eyes of Jere, her ears soaking up his words. At first I wanted to be nesk to her, away from peeps and NOY. Then I remembered how her friend Reina wound up. Made me glad it was Jere, not me, nesk to Kari.
Kari likes me so much, it’s easy to tell. I like her too but I hold back. What’s the point? I get to see her at bath one time every kwarter-moon. It’s fun to talk to her but . . . how does my friend Esteban say it? Then what? Nothing! You lucky you have girl caballos.
Whenever I’m not sitting nesk to Kari, I sit nesk to Esteban. We are friends and do everything together, like rashon, caballos, bath. I call him Stebi, he calls me Bert. We even word-fight if NOY isn’t close by. Sometimes our word-fight is real, but most times we’re just play-fighting.
Stebi and I came to Vill 12231984 on the same sun-moon, on the same tran. There were lots of us on that tran, maybe seventy. We rode in the tran car behind a load of caballos, that shows who NOY likes best. Guess NOY doesn’t want the caballos to have to smell dirty boys all the way on the tran.
Caballos have it all—high rashon always, as much water as they want. They get sick, the medvet comes, almost before the caballo can cough. If they drop green, the vet is there to catch it before it even hits the ground, seems like. Stebi says caballos are special to NOY because they were here even before peeps, at one time they ruled all the dirt. Stebi makes stuff up like that, trying to be smart. He’s not smart, though—dumber than me, maybe even Kari. You want the trooth, you ask Jere. Now that boy is smart!
Once I asked Jere about caballos, “Stebi say, many lunars ago caballos all over land, were rulers. That troo?” He said that Stebi is full of caballo-drop. He didn’t put it that way but I could tell that’s what Jere was thinking. He esplained that land was once covered by caballos. And before then, covered by tees.
“Tees? What is ‘tees’?” I never heard of it before.
“Tees were very high, up to clouds, were everywhere. A different color no one ever sees now. Had thin flaps on them. And the sky was full of animals, also with flaps. They flapped selves around, landed on tees.”
“How you know all this, Jere?” That’s what everyone asks him.
“NOY taught me.” I couldn’t believe my ears when I heard that. NOY never teaches me anything.
“How that be?” I asked.
“NOY sent me to Skool Vill. Many lunars ago, when I was still a kid. Lots of other boys there. They taught us many things, said they wanted peeps to know the past, know the land, know where NOY came from. NOY taught us, and we are to tell it to all peeps. So peeps won’t be stoopid.”
★ ★
Very nesk boy-girl bath after I watched Kari talking to Jeremias, bending his ear off, she sat nesk to me, bent my ear off. Before she even got into the bath, I could tell she wanted to sit nesk to me—she had that look, like she couldn’t wait to get in and get close to me. Oh, Caballo! I say to myself. But I was really glad she sat nesk to me, not Jere.
First thing she did, she put her foot on my leg, not even looking at NOY guard, she just did it. It surprised me but I didn’t move away, it felt real good. I needed to feel good in my body, because I knew Kari was going to make my brane swim.
She started, “You know about breeding?”
“Of course,” I said. Then I told her everything I knew about it.
“In caballos, we do it all. Not just feed and ride. We breed.” I looked at Kari for a reaction. “You know what is breeding?”
She nodded and then looked down.
“Breeding is best part of caballos. They give you a mare. She yours, for at least seven moons. You ride her every sun-moon, get to know her, how much she eat, what her drop look like. Make sure she real healthy. Even medvet talk to me, want my advice.” I stopped to make sure Kari could see how importante my caballo work is.
“Go on, Roberto.” Usually Kari doesn’t call me my real name—I get one of her crazy nittnames. That’s how I knew she was paying me attention, being serious.
“Medvet wanna know everything, how mare eat, do she ride good, seem friskay, how her sound when neighing? I say ‘everything good.’ So vet ask, ‘Then she all ready?’ I say ‘Yep, this mare rarin to go.’
“Nesk morning, we take my mare to breedin pen. Feed her, let her get comfy. Then we bring in sire, put him in pen nesk to her.
“You know ‘sire’ and ‘mare,’ Kari?” I asked her just to make sure she wasn’t confoosed.
She said, “You sire, me mare.” That was good to hear. She knows.
“So we got sire and mare in pens nesk to each other. We watch, see if they like each other.”
“How can you tell?” Kari wanted to know.
“Sire always like mare. So you keep eyes on mare, see what she do. See if she give message, like move her tail a lot.”
Kari’s eyes got big when I said that. And she has big eyes already.
“If it a ‘go,’ we open door between two pens and see what happens.”
“You just stand there and watch?”
“No, we back up, act like we no care, do other things. But we watch.”
“How long it take?”
“What you mean, zactly?” I wasn’t sure what that girl was getting at.
“It all over in a snap?” Then Kari tried to do that thing with her fingers, but no sound happened. I knew what she meant, though. I’ll have to teach her how to snap. Then I answered the kwestion.
“It take them a while to get started. Sire act real interested, sniff her, give her little nudges. See what happen. If she like it, he can tell.”
I don’t remember when Kari took her foot off my leg, but it was gone, and she wasn’t so close anymore.
I went on. “She like it, she tell him in little ways. ‘Sidnals,’ Stebi call them. She send him sidnals, he pick them up, nesk thing you know, her tail go straight to side and he climb on.”
Kari looked away. I waited, then looked up at the NOY guards. The boy guard and girl guard were talking to each other, standing so close that they could have touched. I looked at their hands—same number of fingers as regular peeps have. Their ears, eyes, nose, all the same as us. What makes them so special? Why are they NOY and we just peeps? I’ll have to ask Jeremias that one.
The main thing now, though, the guards are not paying us any attention. Fine with me. I kept waiting for Kari to face me again. Finally, she turned her cute face back to me and just looked, not saying anything. My brows went up a little, and she just gave me a tiny nod. I went on.
“You ever see sire mount mare, Kari?”
Now she looked mad, her eyes no longer smiling. I finished up fast as I could.
“That sire no need much time, get job done, then get right down. Then those caballos act like they no know each other. Work over.” 
“How long till bebe?” First thing Kari had asked in a long time, thought she’d never speak again.
“It take that mare about eleven, maybe twelve moons till she foal. That mean, give out bebe. Usually she birth all on her own, we no know till we see foal nesk sun-up. Sometimes though, she have problem, we get medvet. She save them, almost always. But sometimes that foal die. Mare get real sad. All caballo boys get sad too.”
“Do the mare get to keep that bebe?” Kari asked. But I didn’t understand.
“What you mean? Mare got to feed that bebe, nudge it to stand up, help it grow up.”
“NOY no take that bebe away? Let other caballos raise it up?”
“That would be stoopid, Kari. NOY very annoying but not stoopid.”
“Why they do that with peeps then? Why it different?” Kari’s voice was getting too loud.
Now it was my turn not to know what to say, like a bat got my tongue. Kari started speaking again, even louder.
“Kari,” I whispered at her, “lower voice or guard jerk you out.” She looked at me, mad again.
I went on, speaking so softly she had to lean close. “You know NOY make all decisions. Decide when peeps mate, send boy peep back to pasture, wait out girl peep till she go to DeLivRe Vill, send bebe to Kid Vill and girl to who-know-where.”
Kari was angry and blurted out, “Why they treat peeps worse than caballos? Wish I was damn caballo.”
I waited a little, giving her time to settle down. “Caballos special, that just way it is. Big and bootiful, four legs, strong, fast. Worth their weight to NOY. Peeps just dime a dozen. NOY make new bebes as fast as they wanna. Plenty of volunteers to be sire and mare.”
“I gonna apply to be bred, Roberto.”
I about bit my tongue. “Why you say that, Kari? How long you think that? This what you and Jeremias talk about at last boy-girl bath?”
“I want you to apply, too, Robo. We go to Breed Vill together.”
“What good that do? So we both go. NOY breed me with some peep, you with another peep. Never even know who.”
“There always a chance, Bobby.”
“There no chance, Kari.”
“Then maybe I ask Jeremias.”
That made me mad. I stood up, not too kwick, glanced at the closest NOY guard, and then walked through the water, away from Kari. Tried not to let my mad feeling show. “Just be cool,” I told myself. So cool that pool turned cold. 
But as I walked away toward other side, my brane went fire-hot. All I could think was how I hated Jeremias. Bad Jere. Hope he dies. Maybe I kill him.
5
Esteban and me, we’re best friends. Do everything together, like left hand and right hand. He’s the left hand, funny but goofy. I’m the right hand, serious, smarter. Just ask me!
“We domadors,” Stebi tells me.
“What? What is ‘domadors’?”
“What you think, Bert?”
I’m stumped but take a stab. “Paladin for girls?”
“Ha! Maybe me, but not Bert.” He teases but I don’t think it’s funny. I don’t like it when he tries to act smart. Pretends girls like him better, like he’s their hero. Not possible.
“Okay, smart boy. What is ‘domadors’?” I start to get a little mad.
Stebi comes around. “We domadors. Tamers of caballos. Heroes for caballos. Breed them. Birth them. Bring them rashon, water, keep them clean, almost wipe their caballo butts!”
“Okay, I get your picture. But I no wipe their butts. There I draw the line in dust.”
What Stebi says about being domadors is true. Caballos would be nothing without all us workers. We make their lives, raise them and train them, then ship them off. I think about that a little.
“Where you think them caballos go when we put them on tran and send em away, Stebi?”
“They go to NOY. Where else?”
I know he’s right but not that right. “Sure they do, but why? What NOY do with em? So many. We get corral full of grownups, off they go on the tran—plenty more colts and fillies left.” Stebi and me, we’ve had this same argument many times before. But we never come up with answers.
“NOY do whatever they wanna with damn caballos,” Stebi says. I can tell he’s just getting started. “NOY can look at em, sit on em, ride em, even kiss their butts. How I know? But what I think? I think they turn em into rashon.”
I’ve heard Stebi say that before and I don’t believe it. “NOY no do that. After all the trouble we put in with caballos? Them damn caballos get treated better than peeps. NOY kiss caballos? Maybe. Eat em? Never!”
“I no say NOY eat caballo. I say NOY turn em into rashon. Then we eat caballos.”
It’s so much fun arguing with Steb. “NOY like caballos too much for that. Turn anything into rashon—it be peeps. NOY probably eat us. Maybe even we eat ourselves.” I’m teasing, but Stebi doesn’t bite.
“Rashon no have peeps in it, Bert. I could tell if it do. Bite into leg bone or something. Smell like sweat. You crazy.”
“What you think is in rashon then, smarty butt?”
“I no know,” he continues. “NOY put anything they wanna in my rashon, I eat it. Norm rashon better than low rashon, and low rashon better than no rashon.”
I decide I’ll try to make Stebi go a little crazier. “What you think caballos eat, Steb? They probably eat peeps. And they always get high rashon.”
“Caballos no eat peeps, stoopid. Not good enough for em. They eat bales, and bales sure as yell not peeps.”
“How you know, Stebi? Maybe them bales made of peep hair, lots of it, all dried in sun. Miks in peep bodies to stick hair all together. Tie bale with peep guts.”
“Shut your mouth hole, Burpface!” When Stebi yells that, I know I’m under his skin. “Any time I wanna know what’s in rashon, I know how to find out.” He pauses, waiting for me to ask.
I don’t bite.
He goes on. “I want answers, I get answers. Real answers, not your smart words. I ask Jeremias! He know everything.”
I know eksactly what Stebi is doing. He’s trying to get under my skin. And he does.
★ ★
Nesk time we load caballos on to the tran, I think about my talk with Stebi. Wonder even more where the caballos are going, and why they’re going. I bet NOY uses caballos just to enjoy. Probably picks the best, most bootiful ones and then rides them. Lots of NOY probably ride all together. Pretend they’re trampling us peeps, for fun.
A couple of sun-moons later, a tran pulls up. We get ready to load on the nesk bunch of caballos, to ship them off. But we get to the tran and it’s full of boy peeps!
NOY guard says, “Take all these peeps to treens. Then water them and take them to rashon.”
Some peep asks NOY, it’s bold of him, “All these peeps stay at Vill 1223?”
The guard hesitates, then looks annoyed. Finally he says, “Just do your order.” He pauses a little before adding, “But if you got to be nosy, you’ll be loading them back on the tran after rashon.”
Sometimes NOY isn’t so bad. Wants to esplain self. Almost seems like a peep.
We get all of those miserable peeps off the tran. Must be a hundred of them, maybe more. Takes us so long to get them through the treens, some take forever in there. At water, they drink like caballos, really gulping, no manners at all. Rashon is even worse. They get high rashon and gobble. Probably they haven’t eaten for a sun-moon or two, though—I don’t know and don’t ask. None of my matter.
We talk to them a little. NOY is close but doesn’t seem to care. As long as we don’t conspire anything.
I ask, “Where all you peeps headed?”
A big, tall peep responds, “How we know? All NOY tell us, we go to new vill north direction. Ride tran five sun-moons, maybe seven or eight. Get to vill, live there. ‘Call it home,’ they say.”
I ask, “Why they move you? All you peeps act very bad?” It’s eksactly what us peeps are dying to know.
“No, NOY say we the lucky ones. Get new vill more north where not so hot. ‘Like it better,’ NOY says. We all hope, Better be girl peeps. And baths.”
“What work you be doin?” Stebi throws that one out. “You have caballo stables?” That’s about the most serious I’ve ever heard Stebi.
Everyone is stunned by their answer: “We gonna make mats. For peeps everywhere.”
Mats! Make mats one sun-moon after another? It stuns my brane. Makes me feel lucky that we have caballos.
After that, not much talking. No one wants to think about what else those grim bastards might be facing.
That sun-moon, it took so long to take care of all those peeps from the tran that we didn’t even get bath! We hated missing bath but weren’t mad, just glad it was them on that tran heading north instead of us. Everybody at last rashon was real kwiet, but you could tell they were thinking about how lucky we are. Or maybe thinking that our turn is nesk—that we might have to move north and give up caballos to make mats or brooms.
At mats that night, we peeps were almost mute. There were clouds in the sky, and I wondered if rain was coming. I looked around and everyone else was also staring at the sky, probably wondering the same thing as me. How long since last rain? Maybe three full-moons, I couldn’t remember.
Rain doesn’t change things much. Caballos really like the rain—they run around, kick their heels, make lots of noise, whinny. But peeps just watch the rain. NOY comes along and reminds us, “Don’t open your mouths, and don’t look up.” We don’t have to ask why, because they start drilling that into your brane when you’re just a young pup. “Rain bad for you, make you sick.” When you’re a kid, you ask NOY, “Why rain bad?” You ask only one time, because they never tell you anything. You waste your breath asking. They teach you real kwick: No think, no ask, just obey.
We peeps call each other stoopid all the time. Especially I call Kari that a lot, but I don’t really think she is stoopid. More like, she doesn’t think things through sometimes, just reacts—but she’s smart when she does think about things.
Jeremias is really smart—I’ve never heard anyone call him stoopid, I have to admit. Nesk bath, maybe I’ll sit by Jere and ask him lots of kwestions, like: Why rain is so bad? Why those miserable peeps on that tran goin north? How breeding work? Lot’s to learn. If you want to learn, ask Jere. He’s the fackmaster. The futtin fackmaster.
★ ★
At the nesk bath, I did sit right beside Jere, taking that spot before some jert got it. Lots of peeps want to learn from Jeremias. One thing though, NOY never lets a group gather. If you want to talk to Jere, you wait your turn, no crowding around, no group talk. I’ve seen that happen once, many peeps bunched together. NOY ordered, “Break it up!” Everybody obeyed right away, but they still got low rashon. You learn the rules real kwick.
I didn’t want to pump kwestions at Jeremias too fast, so I started slow. “How long since last rain, Jere?” You can’t go wrong asking about the weather, even though it’s almost always the same, one sun-moon after another.
He answered, “One full-moon plus three-kwarters.”
“Why it even rain at all?” Soon as I asked it, I felt stoopid.
“Clouds are a good sign we still have moisture movement.” When Jere said that, I wished I hadn’t asked him. That’s just the kind of answer he gives, makes you ask another kwestion.
“What you mean, ‘moisture movement’?”
“It’s complicated, Roberto, but when clouds hold rain, and move, that tells us the air is still working.”
“What you mean, ‘air work’?”
Many, many lunars ago, it rained a lot. Maybe even every kwarter-moon. The sky used to drop water all over the ground, everywhere. There was so much rain that pools formed, and streams even ran across ground. Big streams that flowed a long way.”
“When that happen? I never saw it.”
“Way before you and I were around, Bob.”
“Why it rain? Caballos like, I know, but peeps don’t need it, right? What good is rain?”
“Rain is water. If no rain, no water. And then peeps would die, all of them. Even NOY would die.”
“Rain same as water? Then why they no let us open our mouths, drink water from sky?”
“That is actually a very good kwestion, Bob.” Whenever Jere says that, I hate him. It’s like he’s saying that most of my other kwestions aren’t good. Also, why does he call me Bob? He’s not my real friend. He’s a real smarty-butt, and he knows it.
Jere continued. “Long time ago, lunars and lunars and lunars ago, peeps drank rainwater right from the sky. Maybe they held out their cups, waiting for rain to fill them up before putting them to their lips and drinking. You and I weren’t around then, Bob.” Like I don’t know that.
“Why no drink rain now?” He still hadn’t answered my kwestion.
“The rain is dangerous now. The sky is very bad. There are spirits up there, and when rain falls down, it picks up the bad spirits.”
I don’t believe in spirits and told him so. “Spirits? I no believe in them. Never seen a single one. Fig of your imagine, I say.”
It didn’t faze him. Jere is used to doubters, I guess. “You don’t have to believe in spirits. But air up high is bad—NOY sometimes calls it ‘poolooted.’ Whatever you call it, that ‘it’ gets right in rain and when it gets to the ground, it’s very bad for peeps.”
“What about caballos? Why it no hurt them?”
“Caballos are very large, very strong, Bob.” No kidding, I said to myself. “Caballos are not only strong in their muscles, they’re strong inside. Powerful.”
“Of course them are. Get all the rashon and water they wanna. If I get all that, I be powerful, too. More powerful than already am.”
“You’re very strong, Roberto.” I like to hear him say that.
“Where water we drink come from? Not from sky? It safe. Right?”
“We must believe it’s safe, at least. Have to use reason. NOY wants us alive, not dead. Otherwise, why even bother to feed us rashon? We’re valuable to NOY. Not as valuable as caballos, but NOY knows, without us peeps, there would be no caballos. At least, not as many.”
I asked, “Where it come from? The water we drink.” Sometimes Jere acts stoopid, can’t even answer your simplest kwestion.
“There are great pools of water. Not around here, of course. That water is also poolooted, but somehow NOY makes it safe. ‘Tweet it,’ they say. Something like that. After they tweet it, then they drink it. They have lots left over and send it out to caballos. And us peeps.”
What Jere said interested me, but I pretended talking about water bored me. “What makes tran go?”
“Trans run on lectric, made by sun. Call it sunlectric, if you will.” When Jeremias say if you will, it drives me loco! I want to yell back, I no will! But I’ve never heard about lectric before, so I don’t yell. Want to listen more.
“Lectric another one of your spirits?” I teased a little. I know lectric is real, not a spirit.
“We use lectric all the time, Bob. The baths are warm, mostly from sun but some of the heat comes from sunlectric—it’s stored in battrees under the dust. That is the same way we get heat in the mat area, say, when it gets cold during moon-sun.”
“How NOY get that lectric from ground into tran?” It didn’t make sense.
“I don’t know that, Bobby.”
“You no know!” That was the first time I ever heard Jeremias admit he’s ignorant.
Jere said nothing back to me. I could tell he was a little embarrassed, his face turning a funny color. Good!
I was on a roll, having fun making Jere skwirm. “How you know so much, Jere? Yet you no know all about lectric?”
“I only know what NOY taught me. And they didn’t teach me everything.”
“What you mean, ‘teach you’? How they teach you?”
“When I was not so many lunars, even younger than you, more like a pup, NOY sent me to Skool Vill. Along with lots of kids. They taught us, all sun-moon long. Then more the nesk sun-moon. We stayed there many lunars. Learned about water, rain, lectric, rashon.”
“What they put in rashon?” I hoped he wouldn’t say caballos.
“Rashon come from granes. You probably don’t know about granes.” He just assumed that, but he was right.
“Granes come out of dirt—‘fields,’ they call them. Fields grow granes but need lots of water. Water from big tanks get skwirted on fields.”
“Who do that skwirting?”
“Peeps, like you and me. ‘Peep workers,’ NOY calls us. Field peeps water those fields, wait for the grane to grow, hacks off grane and takes it in bundles to tran. Grane rides to another vill, where it gets made into rashon. By more peep workers.”
“NOY just stand around, watch all this? Then gobble up rashon?”
“NOY doesn’t eat rashon, Bobby. At least, that’s my opinion. We kids at Skool Vill talked about that. We had all of these theories but never found out. I think NOY eats good things, much better than rashon. Good granes. Probably bed all the time. Big handfuls. Who knows what else? NOY never tells us that, not even the kids at Skool. ‘Less peeps know about NOY, the better.’ That’s NOY’s motto, most of us Skool kids believed.”
We had covered water and food—but those weren’t what interested me most. “What about breeding?” 
6
I had to talk to Stebi. Tell him all about what Jere said, everything he knows, who Jere is. Stebi is goofy but he has a good outlook and doesn’t fly off the handle. Not smart but steady. Steady Stebi.
“I see you talk to Jeremias at bath. What you talk about?” Stebi, the curious one. I didn’t even have to bait him.
“Jere real smart. Told me about all he know, all he learn from that Skool Vill he say he go to when a kid.”
“Every peep know Jere smart. But what you talk about?”
“We talk about everything, Steb. We talk rashon, lectric power, even NOY.”
“You talk about breeding?” Stebi must have read my brane.
I ignored Stebi’s kwestion and it drove him crazy, probably. “He say rashon come out of granes from dirt—‘fields,’ he call them. Peep workers spray water all over fields, make that grane grow, cut it down, send it to other peeps. They turn it into rashon. You believe all that, Stebi?”
“What else they put in that rashon?”
“I know what you get at, Stebi. He no say anything about caballos in rashon. You way off there. He say water from sky very bad. That why NOY say no open mouth or get it in eyes. Caballos so big and strong, water no kill them.”
“What else Jere say?”
“He say lectric come from ground. First it in sun, then get in ground somehow. In ‘battrees,’ he call it. That’s what make tran go and what heat us at mats when not so hot, after sun go down.”
“It always hot, you know that.”
“Jere say, many lunars ago, air get cold sometimes. Peeps wear cloth all the time, not just when around girls. It so cold, peeps shake.”
“We no know how good we got it, huh, Bob? No get cold, no need to wear cloth, just be free, like caballos. Right?”
“Why you think NOY send Jere to Skool Vill, Stebi? Why they pick him to learn everything, pass it along to us?”
“He smart, that why.”
“You stoopid, Stebi. Jere smart because he go to Skool Vill, not other way around.”
“Maybe NOY send Jeremias to Skool because he is NOY. Maybe he just pretend to be peep. He trick us.” Stebi read my mind again.
I said nothing for a little bit. Let Stebi think his own ideas.
He changed the subject. “What Jere say about breeding?” 
“You mean about us breeding caballos?” I love to zasperate Steb.
“Of course not, stoopid. I mean peep breeding.”
“Oh, peep breeding,” I said, pretending that he was getting through to me. “Yeah, we talk about it.”
“What he say?”
“He say peeps go to Breed Vill for that.”
“Of course they do. But how they get chose? And when they get there, then what? Just give me the facks.”
I really had Steb going but I backed off a little. I didn’t want him to fly off the handle and knock my head. “Jere say boy peeps apply for breeding, same as girl peeps do. Got to be strong, not sick, not weak. Help to look good, too. If you ugly, you no breed. Don’t know if you have a chance, Stebi.”
Still eager, he ignored my dig. “How you apply?”
“You talk to NOY guard a little. Say you want it. They say, ‘We see about it.’ Several sun-moons later, NOY say, ‘Okay, you apply.’ Then you talk to other NOY guards. Tell them all about your reasons. Gotta be good ones. Gotta want it bad, because they give you half-moon of low rashon, maybe even longer. Wanna make sure about you.”
“Same for girl peeps?”
“Jere say almost the same, cept girls go to Moma Vill for long time. Low rashon for so long. Get looked at, checked. Make sure they strong enough to breed. Then they go to Breed Vill.”
“Then what?” Steb was so curious, I could have told him anything. But I didn’t feel like torturing him.
“NOY match you up with girl. But you no know who you get. Both have to wear mask. No can touch each other, no make noise.”
“Why all them rules?” Stebi asked.
“You know NOY. They make rules, peeps follow rules, you no ask kwestions or you get low rashon. You break breeding rules, you no breed any more.”
“You think you get Kari at breeding?”
“Who knows? That’s the whole point. You gotta tell NOY you wanna breed to give yourself, not for fun. Not to make kid with the girl you like.”
“You make kid every time you breed?”
“Not sure. I no think even Jere knows all the details. He say you keep breeding till NOY say ‘no more.’ Probably about a whole full-moon of breeding. Might even get tired of it, Jere say.”
“Jere breed?”
“He say twice. That’s how he know about it. First time, he follow all rules. Second time, he touch the girl. NOY know right away and end it all. No more breeding for Jere.”
“You believe all that, Bobby? What if Jere no tell trooth? Why no touch, no talk, no look?”
“Jere no say. But must be so you can’t know who you breed with. Must never know, probably.”
“You think NOY uses us peeps to breed their own girls?” That’s about the smartest kwestion I ever heard from Stebi. In fack, it never even crossed my brane. I had to turn it over a little before I answered.
“Yeah, probably. I thought about that long time ago.”
“NOY use boy peeps to make foal for them, like we caballos.” Stebi was getting riled up.
I led him on. “What else your theory?”
“What if Jeremias is really NOY, just pretend to be peep? He sit there in bath, boy peeps sit nesk to him, ask him kwestions. At boy-girl bath, girl peeps do the same. But all he really doing is finding out what we think, what we know, if we plan anything.”
“You very smart, Esteban. Very smart.” I had Stebi right where I wanted and it didn’t take nearly as long as it could have. Now my kwestion for him.
“What you think we do about it, Stebi?”
All I have to do now is talk to Karina, then I’m applying to NOY. Plus doing one other thing.
After talking to Jere, and then to Stebi, all I can think about is breeding. Even at mats, asleep, my brane keeps thinking about it. I’m a stallion, on top of a mare. Nothing is happening. Then that mare, she turns her head back toward me, and it’s Kari! She smiles, in her cute little way, and I get so eksited, I wake up. Then lie there, awake, thinking about it all, over and over again.
Kari is the only girl I feel like breeding. I have always liked her. I don’t know how many lunars she is, just that she is less than me, maybe not a lot. But I don’t care, if she doesn’t care.
All this makes my brane laugh, though nothing is funny. It’s just a brane on the loose. So what? Kari applies, I apply, what does it matter? NOY won’t do us any favors. Kari might breed and I breed, right nesk to each other, but not together. How would we even know? It’s all stoopid. NOY’s stoopid, Jere’s stoopid.
I’m going to talk to Kari anyway. Why not? What’s to lose? Spend the rest of my lunars sleep-thinking about breeding? No!
It is two sun-moons till the nesk boy-girl bath. That’s when I’ll talk to her. Kari better be there, talk to me, agree with me. What if she won’t? Maybe she’ll want some other caballo boy, like Stebi. Hah! That’s funny, Kari would never pick Steb. No girl would.
★ ★
“Ever think about breeding, Kari?” I don’t beat around the bush. I go right at it.
“All the time. How you know that?”
I tell her about my sleep-thinking. How I’m right in the middle of breeding when the mare turns around, and it’s Kari, with a smile! Then I wait to see if Karina likes my sleep-think.
Usually, I look straight ahead when I talk to girl peeps. This time, I can’t help it, she is right nesk to me, bath water blasting on us. I glance over at her face. First thing I notice, she’s cute, like always. Nesk thing I see, her face is a dark color, she’s looking down, embarrassed.
But I feel her foot touch my leg. Then she says, “I sleep-think almost same thing! But we are between caballos, not us be caballos. And we face each other, not like caballos.” Then she looks down again.
I feel my face turning dark. Kari has it right. I think about my mat dream, how stoopid it is. I know NOY is right there at breeding to make sure you follow all the rules, that you can’t see the girl’s face, can’t even feel her. But NOY can’t stop you from seeing her in your brane.
“You know how breeding work, Kari? How you apply? All the rigmarole?”
“Yeah. I talk all about it with Jeremias. He an ekspert. He so smart.”
He’s so stoopid, my brane says.
I go on. “Let’s both apply to NOY. Not very same sun-moon but same kwarter-moon. Maybe we get lucky, get sent to Breed Vill at same time.”
“Yes, Roberto.” That makes my chest jump. Kari never calls me my real name unless she feels warm toward me—or mad, and I know she’s not mad now. I feel her hand touching my leg. My eyes shoot up toward the boy guard, and I wonder if he has ever been touched by his favorite girl.
“But we no can apply same kwarter-moon,” she says. “If NOY say yes to me, I go to Moma Vill for two full-moons. They starve me, eksercise me, inspect me, make sure I can breed. Then send me to Breed Vill. I want you to be there when I get there. You wait two full-moons, then you apply.”
I’m not sure all her numbers are right, but she makes good points. Can’t apply same kwarter-moon. Don’t want NOY to guess our plan, know how we touch each other in bath, meet in dreams.
Nesk boy-girl bath, Kari and I don’t sit nesk to each other. Too risky. She sits in a different pool even. I am dying to know if she applied. What’s going on?
I’m sitting alone, when the nesk thing I know, there is Reina. She comes up to me, sits down, and looks me right in the face. Rei is usually serious but now she smiles. She speaks in a low voice, “Kari sends you a message. She say, ‘I applied.’”
“When she do that?”
“She applied two sun-moons after last boy-girl bath.”
“What NOY say?”
“They say ‘whoa.’ Then just two more sun-moons, they call her in, tell her to go ahead and apply.”
“Then what NOY say?”
“Hold your caballos, Bobby. No, they no say that, Reina say that.” She pauses, smiling even bigger, almost laughing out loud at her own joke. Then she goes on. “NOY no give her answer, but she keep her toes crossed. Kari say, no more sittin nesk to you at bath. Too risky. NOY might catch on.”
I glance way over to the pool where Kari is. She’s staring right back at me, nodding her head just a tiny bit. That’s all I need.
I look straight ahead again, almost forgetting that Reina is still nesk to me. And she’s staring at me, too.
“You want me tell Kari anything?”
“Tell her I will see her at Vill. She’ll know what I mean. And you no tell anyone. Promise?”
Reina pulls her thin lips together and mumbles something, sounds like, “I no talk. No can even open my mouth.” I’m just guessing, really—that’s probably what she said. Funny, Reina goofing around and being serious at the same time!
Kari keeps her promise at the nesk bath—she doesn’t sit nesk to me, not even in the same pool or the one closest by. I look at her, but she doesn’t look back. Like I’m not here. I’m nowhere, to her.
That’s the plan, I guess.
Nesk bath after that, I don’t see Kari at all. When I see Dani, she motions at me with her finger, like she wants me to come to her. But then she comes right over to me. That’s Dani—keeps you guessing. I look right into her brown eyes. “Kari gone,” she says, and then turns and walks away, very fast. First time I’ve ever seen her look sad, she’s almost crying. She walks just like Kari, talks the same—they look almost eksactly alike. From the back, no peep could tell Dani from Kari. Just less lunars. It about breaks my brane.
Stick to plan, Roberto, stick to plan, I tell myself. Over and over, that’s all my brane can think of till it’s time for me to apply. Try to think of other things. Of Stebi, who’s nowhere in plan. How’s he going to make it with no Bobby?
I think about the other plan, the one that does include Stebi. How can I make it happen? Get all the details right. Carry it off just perfect, during moon-sun. At mats, late. When the NOY guards slack off, maybe even doze. All peeps fast asleep. 
Daniella
7
The sun-moon Kari left was my worst ever. I couldn’t believe it. No Kari at first rashon, no Kari at second one, no Kari at bath. Then I believed it. Nesk boy-girl bath, I went to Bobby but could barely talk. He looked at me and I looked back, our eyes talking. Mine filled with tears, and I had to walk away.
Nothing is the same with Kari gone. My head tells me it is all part of life at Vill 1223. Peeps come on tran all the time. You don’t know it till they show up at rashon, or maybe at mats. You don’t want them to sleep right nesk to you, you don’t like them. And there they are at every rashon, and maybe you sit nesk to them at treens. You crack a little joke, and they smile—they want you to like them. Nesk thing you know, you do like them, treat them like they’ve always been at 1223.
Peeps leave vill all the time too. Guess they just get on the tran and go, never see them again. It’s all just “part of the game,” that’s what Stebi always says. But when Kari left, it about killed me. No game. When Stebi sees me so sad, he’s smart enough to know why.
He says, “She come back some sun-moon.”
My eyes change from sad to mad. I glare at him, start to call him a stoopid jert.
But then he says, “Sorry, Dani. . . sorry.” When I hear him say that, I’m glad I didn’t shout a name at him. Stebi’s no jert. He’s okay.
It’s a little after second rashon and the NOY guards order some of us girl peeps, “Follow.” It really scares me. We’re so trained about everything, NOY doesn’t have to order us too much. But now my mind esplodes with panic. What they do to us? Put us on tran? Send us away? Then my brane calms a little and says, Good, put me on tran. Maybe I end up where Kari is.
That brane of mine, it’s cruel to me. NOY doesn’t put us on the tran. Instead, they take us to the caballos.
“This your lucky sun-moon,” they say. “You get to ride caballos. Line up.”
I about blurt something out. I can’t believe my ears! Maybe they’re joking us, but it’s not funny. Caballos are too big, scare me. But I don’t let my fear show—Dani the Brave. That’s me. Nothing at 1223 scares me, I tell myself. Cept caballos.
Reina is right ahead of me in line. She’s really scared, I can tell. Two other peeps are in front of us. NOY puts the first one up on the caballo, it takes three steps and that girl falls right off! NOY guards laugh a little but all us peeps, our eyes get wide. Caballos are so big and we are tiny. What if a caballo steps on us?
I look at Rei and she is almost crying. Never seen her like that before. She looks at me and all I see is panic. She touches my arm. I trade places with her, give her a little more time not to die.
Then I watch as a NOY guard puts that girl peep right back on the caballo and starts them off again. But this time, one boy peep stays at the left of the caballo and another one at the right. They guide the caballo, make it go slow. The girl rider stops crying. Almost smiles.
The nesk girl hops right on her caballo, with a little help from a caballo boy. He puts his hand on her butt scutt till she’s on, then takes it off real kwick. Nesk he leads the caballo off, this girl rider smiling, almost laughing. She even looks down at boy caballo, real kwick.
Now it’s my turn. I don’t know what to think, so I remind myself that I’m Dani the Brave. I whisper that to myself twice and feel myself getting less scared. Even ask NOY guard if Rei can ride with me—I don’t espect guard to say yes, but she does! Puts up two fingers and just waves us toward the nesk caballo. I look back at Rei and she smiles a little, then gets scared again.
It all seems new, me protecting Rei, not the other way around. I know Kari looks up to Rei, and I look up to Kari, so that makes me look way up to Rei. But now she’s looking up to me!
We walk up to our caballo and our boy helper turns out to be Stebi! I like Stebi, he’s goofy. But right now, he seems serious. Maybe doing his job makes him serious, maybe it’s all the NOY guards standing around, or the line full of girl peeps staring at him.
I’m right nesk to the caballo, and Reina’s right at my rear, practically breathing on me. Stebi motions with his manos, Put both hands on back of caballo, like this. I do it just like he shows me. Then he bends a little at his knees and puts his hands together, fingers around each other. He bends even lower and somehow I know he means for me to put my foot on his hand thing. I do it and before you know it, I hop right up on that caballo! I hold the mane for my life, though the caballo is just standing there, like a cactus, half-dead.
Before I know it, I feel something behind me and it’s Reina, already on my caballo. She puts her arms around me, tight. Then Stebi grabs our caballo by the face straps and off we go, all four of us. It’s funny, Rei and me in our scutts and Stebi in his cloth—only the caballo is natural. That caballo probably thinks he’s superior but at least we peeps use treen when we go. Caballos can’t do that . . . I don’t think.
I love riding that caballo! I hold on with both hands as Rei hugs me. Looking over the caballo’s head, I watch where we are going, but I can’t help glancing down at Stebi, wearing his tiny cloth. Stebi goes a little faster and the caballo follows, or maybe the other way around. Either way, Rei and I are along for the ride!
Nesk thing I know, we’re back to start and getting off our caballo. Stebi helps us down, just like getting up cept he puts both hands on Rei’s waist, pulls her off. Nesk me. When my two feet hit the ground, I look around and see the first two riders, now on the ground like us. That first girl—the one who fell off—she’s not crying any more, and the second girl is really smiling, just like me.
I look back at Rei and she’s dusting herself off like she’s an ekspert caballo rider. Makes me feel real good that I helped her.
Soon the caballos have all returned, their riders back on the dirt. I watch as eleven boy peeps take away caballos, one each. It’s a straight line, looks perfect. Then the NOY guards line up us eleven girl peeps and lead us away, all straight.
That night at mats, I’m not tired at all. My brane is racing, fast like those caballos. It was a perfect sun-moon. At first, I thought NOY was leading us to tran, sending us away, we’d never see 1223 again. But no, it was one of the best sun-moons ever. Good caballos, good boys, good girls, even NOY not so bad.
The more I think about everything, the harder it is to go to sleep. So I count peeps. It’s easy to remember the eleven girls who rode the caballos. I see their faces and know most of their names. Eleven boys—I know Stebi and a couple others. The eleven caballos, I don’t know their names. It’s funny how everything comes out eleven, the eksact number of fingers on two hands. Or toes on feet. Must be a plan. But there were only four girl guards who led us to the corral, plus two boy guards already there.
I try to count all the girl peeps at vill. Too many to name, but I guess three or four double-hands full, maybe. Nesk rashon, I’m going to count them, then count the NOY guards. Dani the Counter.
I begin to count all the sun-moons since Kari left. Try counting backwards. Each one, I see Kari walking toward sunset, caballos following her. Kari disappearing but caballos coming back. Sun-moon after sun-moon. Finally, I see the line of caballos coming back, with Kari riding the lead one! I’m so eksited, I try to run to meet her. Hug her. But I can’t move. Must be dreaming. 
★ ★ ★
Kari’s been gone a full moon now. It’s time for Dani to get used to it. No more moping. Kari is brave, so I have to be brave.
Half-moon ago, as we were walking away in line after our caballo ride, I said to Reina, “Ask NOY if we get to ride again. No, ask when we get to ride again.”
“I no can ask that, Kari. Might not get an answer, just low rashon.”
That’s when I realized Rei is not brave at all. She’s scared, not just of caballos or small rashon, she’s afraid of living. I think, Where does Rei’s fear come from? It puzzles me.
I remember Kari was her best friend, that Rei just worshipped her. Now it seems like I’m her best friend, like she wants me to replace Kari. Just because I look like Kari doesn’t mean I can be her. But it makes me feel good that Rei feels that way. If I could turn into Kari, I would. 
I still can’t believe Kari is gone. She never even told me goodbye! She told Reina the plan but made her promise not to tell anyone. When Rei finally told me everything, my feelings were really hurt. Maybe Rei was just trying to get me, but I don’t think so.
“Watch, Dani. Roberto will go, too. Any sun-moon now,” Rei said to me back then. “Just don’t tell a single peep.”
I promised to keep the secret—why not? I hoped Bobby would go after Kari, chase after her wherever she is, bring her back. But when Bobby did disappear, it made me sad, and Jeremias disappeared the very same moon-sun! It was like a sky-cloud sucked them up.
Today, I make up my mind not to get sucked up like Bobby and Jere, not to wait around for something like that to happen. Become a big girl peep—no longer a kid. No more playing, throwing rocks at cactus and running around with girls, tagging them. Time to grow up, not to fear NOY like Reina.
I count all the girl peeps at rashon and there are four times all-fingers. Then I count boys at nesk boy-girl bath and they are the same. That’s no accident, I tell myself. NOY has a plan.
One moon-sun, every peep is asleep, and the NOY guards are dozing off, too. It’s my perfect chance . I sneak off, kwietly go to the caballo corral, and count all of them. It takes eight all-fingers. That’s eksactly the number of boy and girl peeps together. It’s all planned out!
Planned out. Just like the routine. Every sun-moon is the same cept boy-girl bath. I decide, right there, that it’s time for me to make my own plan. Why be a pawn—that’s the word I heard Jere use, cept he said rehén. I had to ask him what that meant.
Why be a pawn in NOY’s plan? Peeps come and go at Vill 1223. Why can’t Dani be one of them to go? Why stay and wait to get sucked up?
8
It’s been many, many moons, maybe more than two lunars, since I left Vill 1223. But I’ll never forget climbing on that tran, it starting up, vill disappearing behind me. The very last thing I saw were the caballos prancing about, and Stebi running around in middle of them! Maybe it was just my imagination, though—about Stebi, not the caballos. They were real, I know it.
I haven’t seen a caballo since I left. Not a single one! That’s what surprises me the most, and there have been many surprises. At 1223, the caballos were always there. I remember that one night, trying to sleep, counting peeps and then caballos. The same number—a NOY plan.
Now I’m at Kid Vill 0404. There are lots of kids, plus girl workers of all ages but not even one boy worker! It’s hard to get used to. We still have bath every sun-moon, but I sure do miss boy-girl bath. Sometimes I go to bath after first rashon with the kids, other times I get second bath, just with girl peeps. Both are fun, but bath with girls is more relaksing. Those kids play wild! And watching them makes me very sad. Kari used to say that I was always on the go—just like these kids now, always happy, goofing around, smiling. I still smile a lot, just not like then. And the smile inside my brane is almost gone.
When I left 1223, my dream was to find Kari. She was a part of me, and when she went away, a part of me left too. That’s why I made my plan, worked on it for a very long time so NOY would buy it. I couldn’t just announce to NOY, I want leave to go find Kari. That would have been stoopid. They’d probably just tell me, Drop dead, but first you get three sun-moons of low rashon.
No, I played it smart, just like Kari would. I told NOY that I dreamed every night about kids, being surrounded by them, taking care of them. The more I tried to dream of something else, the more those kids kept popping up, I told NOY. I couldn’t get them off my brane.
There must be a reason for my dreams, I said. I think my purpose is to take care of kids. What I didn’t say to NOY was, Kari means everything to me, it’s my mission to find her, to be with her, to be friends with her again. I know she needs me. She doesn’t even have Rei as her best friend any more, and she doesn’t have me as her young best friend. And what’s good for Kari is good for me.
But all I told NOY was that I needed to tend kids, and they believed me! They said, “Okay, go on low rashon for five sun-moons, then we’ll ask you if you really want to tend kids. After five more sun-moons, maybe we’ll approve what you want.”
What a deal! Starve for only eleven sun-moons, then get to find Kari! Only problem was, I didn’t know how many vills were out there or where she was. But I knew she wasn’t at 1223, so I took my chances.
It made sense for Kari to be at Kid Vill, especially after I finally got Rei to tell me why Kari left. She said, “Kari want a bebe more than she want a best friend.” Rei almost started to cry when she told me that. Then she told me more, not even bothering to glance to see if the NOY guard was watching. “Kari want bebe, and she hope if Bobby go, NOY will hook them up. I told her, ‘No chance of that, Kari.’ NOY no do you any favors. But Kari was determined, almost stubborn. That’s why Bobby left vill half-moon later.”
It hurt my feelings when I heard that Kari told Rei she was leaving and even esplained why, but she never even said bye to me. I know it was complicated so I don’t hold it against her. But when I find her, I’m going to ask her why. See what she says.
At Kid Vill I’ve watched little bebes grow up and begin to toddle around. They run around, chase each other, throw rocks, talk, talk, talk. Two handfuls of kids, all talking at once, you get brane sprain.
I like living at Kid Vill, I’m not complaining. Don’t even mind cleaning up the bebes or teaching the older ones how to use the treen. It’s a lot funner than cleaning mats at Vill 1223. But I would trade kids for mats right now if it meant being nesk to Kari.
Stebi told me before I left, “You roll your mice, you live with what shows up.” Funny how Stebi talks, he says things so different. I’ve heard of mice, even saw one once, but never have seen anyone roll mice. Still, he’s right most of the time. I rolled my mice and all I got was kids, no Kari.
I’ve asked all the peeps at Kid Vill, “You ever heard of Kari?” One said, “Yeah, I carry all the time, and them kids not gettin any lighter!” She knew what I meant, though, and I knew her real answer was no. Same answer every peep gives me.
Where is Kari? To find her, I have to think like Kari. What she would do, if she had a bebe and NOY took it away, put it in Kid Vill. Would she go back to 1223? Stay and work at Moma Vill? Just walk away and let NOY catch her, send her wherever NOY wants?
Instead of always asking peeps if they know Kari, I start asking if they ever had a bebe. Most say no but some say yes. 
“Where you go after you have bebe?” I ask one.
She says, “Wherever NOY send me.”
That is smart-aleck talk but I push on. “Where they send you?”
“To Old Vill.”
I can’t stop thinking about what that girl told me, “NOY send me to Old Vill after I have bebe.” It seems like a mean thing for NOY to do. But NOY isn’t mean to me, not really so bad. Sometimes guards even gave me a little smile when I was less lunars, acting goofy. That egged me on, made me try to get them to smile again.
Why would they send that girl to Old Vill instead of let her take care of bebes at Kid Vill? I tried to think like NOY. Maybe they think it would be too mean, making a girl peep take care of bebes, not even knowing if one of them is hers. Guessing all the time, wondering. Probably picking one out, thinking it’s her own, watching it grow, then she gets sent to another vill. That really would be mean. But NOY is not mean.
★ ★ ★
I keep my eye on Marisol, my favorite. I take care of eleven little ones, and Mari is faster than any of the others. She’s full of life, active, all over the damned place! I helped her learn to walk, maybe nine full-moons ago, and now she runs! Hard for me to catch her sometimes. That’s one of our games, she runs, I chase! When I get close, she just skweels and turns on more speed.
Now she talks a lot, sometimes even when we play Chase! She’s talking and walking, then I come at her and she starts yelling and running! She calls me “Dani” and I call her “Mari,” and sometimes to miks things up a little I call her “Bari” and she calls me “Hari.” Then we laugh our heads onto the ground.
One time she called me “Kari” and I almost started to cry. It happened so fast. When Mari looked at me, she got upset and started to cry. Then I smiled at her and she smiled back, and we both cried our eyeballs out, hugging each other real tight. Mari thought it was some new game.
After that, I started seeing Kari in my brane whenever I looked at Mari. The way that kid walked, when she started to run, how she looked over her shoulder at me, shook her brown hair out of her face, licked her dry lips sometimes. I never saw Kari when she was a kid, but I bet she looked just like Mari. Some sun-moon, Mari is going to look eksactly like the grown-up Kari, I know.
When she eats rashon, Mari will get it on the side of her mouth—every kid does, they can’t can help it. But what does she do? She opens her mouth wide—why?—then takes her right arm, swipes it across her mouth to pick up the missing rashon, looks at it real hard, and licks it off her arm. She does that every single time, makes no matter whether the rashon is on the right side of her mouth or the left, or even on her chin.
Sometimes when Mari does this, I reach down and touch her arm, right where she just licked. It still feels wet. Her arm is so brown, her skin so smooth. Reminds me of Vill 1223, at bath, when I would notice Kari’s arms, and sometimes I’d reach down and touch her, just above the wrist. She’d always turn around when I did that, like she was thinking, “What, Dani? What you want?” I would just smile and make up some answer. All I really wanted was just to touch her arm.
A new peep came to Kid Vill. I acted friendly, trying to make her feel good. Asked her to sit nesk to me at rashon. She’s more lunars than me, and shyer too. I liked her right away.
Her name is Savanna. “What you wanna be called, ‘Savi’ or ‘Ana’?” I asked her.
“What you wanna call me?”
“What you mean? It’s your name! You tell me!”
“Okay, call me ‘Savi.’ Everyone else calls me ‘Ana.’”
That made me feel real good. “Where you come from, Savi?”
“I come from Vill 05221973.”
“What kinda work you do there?”
“Make bed. That’s about all.”
“You make bed! Like what we eat sometimes at rashon?”
“That’s right, Dani. I bet you think it’s great to make bed all sun-moon long, but it’s not. You make bed over and over, then go to rashon and get nothing but green or pink. Just like at other vills, we got bed just one time every kwarter-moon. But they saved the worst bed for us. If we burned bed, that’s what we had to eat.”
“That’s very mean, Savi.”
“You tellin me! All the peeps say that’s how NOY work. No yell at us when we overcook bed, just make us eat it. Pretty soon, you learn, No ruin bed!”
A half-moon after I first met Savi, we’re sitting in bath, trying to keep sweat out of our eyes. Her strategy is just to close them up, let the sweat roll over her lids. Me, I don’t like to close my eyes, ever—I gotta know what’s going on all around. My method is to keep wiping my eyes as fast as I can, using first one arm, then the other.
Out of nowhere, Savi asks, “You know that little girl Marisol?” My heart jumps.
“Yeah, I know her. Why?” I want to yell, That’s my Mari! She’s my favorite. But first I want to know what’s on Savi’s mind.
“That little girl so cute. She look just like someone I know from another vill.”
“What you talkin about? At Bed Vill?” My voice is too loud.
“No, before that. There’s a lot more about me before 0522.”
I stare at her. I like listening to her stories, but now all I want to hear about is the peep who looked liked Mari.
“Before Bed Vill, I was at Moma Vill.”
“You were? You had a bebe? Why you no tell me?”
“I never had a bebe—was just at Moma Vill.”
“You worked there?”
“No, I went there to get ready for breeding. I thought that was what I wanted. But they put us on low rashon for so long, wanted to know how our bodies handle it. Mine no handle it good.”
“What happened?”
“I start feelin real bad. Sometimes fall down. No can think good when they teach us about breeding. They let us ask kwestions, and I ask real stoopid ones. It tell everyone I no think too good. But it not me, it the low rashon.”
“Tell me about Breed Vill.”
“I never made it there. When it was time for all girl peeps to leave Moma Vill and go breed, they sent me to Bed Vill. I felt like a loser.”
Savi is silent, just thinking I guess, so I let her. She’s got more to say, I know.
“It no bother me that I don’t get to breed. By end of Moma training, I just too sick. Wanna go anywhere but breeding.”
“Do everyone go to breed at same time?” I know I’m changing the subject but can’t help myself.
“Yeah. They one big girl group. All come to Moma Vill same time, all leave for breeding at same time.”
“Did they say goodbye to you?” I am still wondering why Kari never said goodbye to me before she left 1223.
“Only one girl. She real nice. She say bye, give me a nice hug when NOY guard no looking. Look me in the eye and say, ‘You ever miss me, figure out a way to get sent to Old Vill. That’s probably where I’ll end up in one lunar or two.”
I practically shout at Savi, “What’s the name of that girl?”
She answers slow and sad, “I don’t know. She so nice to me but my stoopid brane no can even remember her name.”
9
Old Vill is even bigger than Kid Vill, and it makes Vill 1223 seem like a little ant hill. It’s full of peeps of all lunars, some so old they can’t walk. I haven’t even touched one yet, but I’m not scared of them, I don’t think. It’s just that I’ve never seen peeps so old and so many of them. They’re everywhere!
Who takes care of all of them? We do. Lots of workers. My jobs are first- and second-rashon, plus the last treen cleaning. “It’s the food cycle,” one peep kids me. “We put food in them, then get it back later!” Kind of like Kid Vill.
Everything is so new to me, like I never heard rashon called “food” before. So many different foods and nothing from a tube! We get big plates with four dents in them and three or four different foods, every meal. Always bed, not just once every kwarter-moon. Things called “beans” and “greens.” Rashons—I mean meals—are really fun. So much food! I eat it all and sometimes my stomach hurts. Water everywhere. Meal workers—we’re called “meal worms”—eat first! We’re so full and happy, we don’t mind doing the work, feeding everyone and then cleaning everything down.
Bath pools are huge, big enough for ninety-nine peeps, and they’re always open. You go whenever you want after your work is all done, stay till nesk meal if you want. NOY guards still watch you, but they call themselves “lifesavers.” I don’t get that—they’re just guards.
Old Vill is so big that it has little vills within. We food workers have our own bath and treens. One time every half-moon, we get to go to the community bath where everybody is. Most people work less on that sun-moon, can’t wait to get all together, splashing and having fun.
I didn’t get to go to community bath the first time—they say you have to wait one time when you’re new but don’t say why. I think it’s just to make you get eksited, appreciate what you can’t have.
Being at Old Vill is so different, sometimes I think I’m sleep-thinking it.
It makes me feel funny to wear my scutt all the time, not just when we go to bath with boy peeps. I guess it’s because you never know when a boy might pop up. Sometimes we food workers get called over to boys’ meal, work there, watch those boys. They wear their cloths, too. Never know, so every peep is covered from sun to moon.
You get a new scutt every sun up, and all the old ones get cleaned, even have workers just to clean coverings! And it’s not nearly as hot as Kid Vill and way cooler than Vill 1223. Sometimes that scutt even feels good, it stays dry with no sweat to soak up.
Everything seems better here and peeps are a lot happier, if you ask me. It’s really great.
I ask my friend Leta, “Why would anyone wanna leave this place?”
She says, “They don’t.”
“That’s why this place is so big,” I figure out. “No one wants to leave, so everyone tries not to futt up—wanna stay here always.”
“It’s big but there’s always room for more, always getting in a few more newbies like you, Dani.”
“What you mean?”
“You know how we say, ‘food in, food out’?”
I nod.
“It’s the same here, only more like, ‘peeps out, peeps in.’”
“What you mean, ‘peeps out’?”
“Peeps die, Dani.” She must know by my look that I’m confoosed, so she goes on. “Sometimes old peeps just die on their own. They’re called ‘un-especks.’ But if the un-especks are too low, NOY redraws the line.”
“What’s that?”
“NOY no want too many old peeps. That just drags everything down, makes Old Vill too big.”
I frown a little.
“If you’re old body gets too bad, then you’ve crossed the line. If your brane goes bad, you’ve crossed the line. NOY sets that line. One sun-moon, you’re on this side, the nesk one, you’re over there—a goner. When you’re old, you’re either here or there.”

“You mean if your ears can’t hear anymore, you’re gone?” I’m trying my best to understand it all.
“Now you’re getting it, Dani. But not just your ears. It could be any body part. Especially the part between your ears.”
My ears listen real good to what Leta is saying, and how she is saying it. She’s not sad and she’s not mad, just regular.
I’m still thinking when I realize Leta has stopped talking. I need more. “Tell me about NOY drawing the line.”
She kneels down and smoothes out the dust. For some reason, she keeps her mouth shut and lets her hands do the talking, poking her fingers in the dirt, making little dots all over. She keeps going, adding more and more dots. I want to say, I’m not stoopid! I know a dot when I see one! But I just wait her out.
Then she moves to were the dirt is still smooth and starts making more dots, in a different group. She waves her hand, showing me one group is us, the workers, kind of over here where we live, but there is the other group, she points, where the old peeps lie down at the end of sun-moon. I get it. Then she fills in more dots in between.
Finally, she stops poking—her fingers must be tired—but now she draws a faint line through the group of old peeps. She looks up at me and I stare back. She waves her hand and shakes her head ‘no,’ and draws another line, this time farther from to the top of the old group.
She looks up at me one more time. I smile and nod my head, showing her I get it. Then I poke my finger into a dot way at the bottom, point to my self, and smile. She smiles back.
“We better start using our mouths, Dani,” she says, “or NOY might think we no can talk, we cross the line!”
I get her joke, and we laugh.
★ ★ ★
I had been at Old Vill only ten sun-moons when I spotted her. She was far away, pushing an old boy in a sit-down thing. Then she disappeared! Maybe I imagined her.
For lots of sun-moons, I tried to put myself in the very same place at the same sun-cycle spot. Hoped she was pushing that old one like before. My plan was to pretend to be practicing my running and run right past her. Maybe she would see me, call my name. Then I would know—is my brane right, or just sun-crazy? But I never spotted her again.
I couldn’t wait for my very first chance to go to the whole vill bath so I could try to find her. Waiting another half-moon about killed me. I thought about asking Leta to look for her, but I didn’t.
How could I tell it all to Leta, make her understand? She would want to know, What that girl look like? She look just like me! I would say. Then Leta might say “okay,” but she’d think, “That girl loco!” Maybe she’s right.
Finally it was my time to go to the whole bath. So nervous, I’d been planning for this chance for two lunars, at least. Told so many stories to NOY, just to find her. What if she isn’t here? All my planning, from 1223 to Kid Vill to Old Vill, all of it would be wasted. Not a total waste because there is lots more rashon here, and it is eksiting to be with so many more peeps. Fun to see boys and girls together, not just at bath. Don’t even mind having to always wear a scutt.
Still, if I don’t find Kari here, it will break me.
That sun-moon, before second meal, I was so nervous I went to the treen over and over. Leta noticed and asked me, What’s wrong? I gave her no answer, just shrugged. At meal, I gulped my water, I was so dry. After meal, I went right back to the treen, but nothing happened. I knew this sun-moon would give me the answer.
When it was time to go to bath, I walked with Leta, listening to her talk, trying to act regular. We reached the bath—a huge pool jammed full of peeps. I couldn’t help my eyes from scanning all over, even as I followed routine, spraying off my body and working to get the dust off my feet. I tried to stay calm, not to start shouting out Kari’s name. I felt like running and taking a jump into the pool, but that would be a good way to get kicked out—rules are strict, even here. So I kept pretending, walked real slowly to pool with Leta, and stepped in.
 
The water is up to my shoulders, higher than other pools, yet it feels just the same. But this is no time to enjoy water—I’m on a mission.
“We allowed to walk around?” I ask Leta.
“Sure, just don’t knock into any old peeps. They might go under and not come up!”
What she says is funny, but I try to make it funnier. “No joke. I just stepped on one.”
“What!”
“Some rule against walking on peeps?”
She gets my joke and laughs. But that’s the last joking I do, back to my mission.
“Let’s walk everywhere, try to see everyone.”
“Why do that, Dani?”
“It my first whole bath. Wanna see what everyone looks like.” I know that sounds stoopid but it’s the trooth, in a way.
We walk all around. I look everybody over, front and back, while Leta looks at me, like I’m too goofy to be her friend. I take my chances and keep looking.
You got so many peeps in one large pool, sun glaring all over the place, peeps wet and hair all flat, it’s hard to see real good. But I go through everyone. Now we’re right back at our starting point, and I tell Leta I’m going around again. She just shrugs and follows me.
This time I go faster and try to act like we’re playing a game, Chase or something, hope NOY has no rule against it. I keep looking back to Leta to make it seem real, but my head is turning in every direction, trying to find her.
Kari is not there, not anywhere.
I am very sad. Where is Kari? Is Old Vill too big to find her? Did she already leave Vill? Never here? She only in my brane? All these kwestions, only the first one matters.
I want to talk to Leta about it, but it’s too complicated. Maybe when you leave a vill, you forget all the friends you left behind. Like I did when I left Kid Vill. It’s easy to forget. But it’s different for 1223. I will never forget Kari, or Jere, Bobby, and Rei, or even that crazy Stebi. I don’t even remember any vills before 1223. I must have been at Kid Vill as a bebe, though.
Lot’s of times I go back to the very spot where I think I saw Kari, till Leta catches on and gets nosy: What you doing? What you looking for?
I have to grow up, stop acting like a kid, stop trying to find Kari like she is mine. I tell myself, Maybe Kari no wanna see me. Maybe she forget me. Who you think you are, Dani? Nesk thing is hard for my brane to handle, but I force myself: Kari is smart—if she wants to find me, she will, somehow.
We’re at community bath again, my second one, and here I am, pretending to caballo-around with Leta. But my neck is swiveling every which way, my eyes searching for Kari. I’m sick in the head, so mad at myself, think I should just slam my head onto the edge of the pool, knock myself stoopid. I duck my head under water and try to stay down as long as I can, imagining what it would be like to cross the line.
My chest tightens and my nose feels like it’s about to esplode, then I feel a punch in the head. Leta grabs my hair and pulls me up. I gasp a little and cough. She looks worried, so I smile to calm her down, pretend it was all a game. She just shakes her head, baffled.
“You try it, Leta.”
“Try what?”
“Go under, no breathe, see how long you can stay down.”
“Why I do that, Dani? So you can punch my head?”
“No, just for fun. It’s a game . . . .”
Then I spot Jeremias! He is all the way on the other side of pool, sitting in the water against the side. I forget Leta and begin taking giant water-steps to reach him before he disappears, to ask him where Kari is. It takes me a while to get around all the peeps in water. The closer I get to him, the older he looks. Real old. Probably won’t even remember me.
Is it even Jere? But then that old boy spots me and his face becomes a big grin. I give him a little “hi” sign, but he turns away. I stop, now only eleven steps away. Tell myself, if he doesn’t look back, I won’t speak—it’s not him, just my brane imagining.
He is looking to his right where other peeps are standing in the water, their backs to me. He moves his head just a little toward me, and a girl peep turns around. It’s her!
She smiles at me and I try to smile back, but I can only cry. I look for closest NOY guard and there he is, looking right at me. Crying gets their attention every time. I duck under water to try to stop crying. It works! I never knew you can’t cry under water.
I lift myself out of the water to see if Kari is still there, and she’s two steps away. She reaches out and touches my left arm. Then she almost starts to cry, and under the water she goes. Nesk thing I know, we’re both under water, holding hands, just like we used to do at 1223.
★ ★ ★
We’re all together now—Kari, Roberto, Jeremias, and me. That’s the way it should be, and we are all happy.
I only get to see them every half-moon at community bath, but they see each other at meals every sun-moon and at boy-girl bath every kwarter-moon. I see Leta every day so I guess she’s my best friend, in a way. We get along great, hardly ever fight. She’s not as smart as Reina but doesn’t cry nearly as much.
I wonder if Reina will ever make it to Old Vill to be with us. That would be great. But she’ll probably just stay at 1223 with Stebi and the caballos. And it’s not the caballos she loves.
When we all get together at bath, we’re like one big, happy group. The NOY guards allow a little goofing around, so that’s what Kari and I do. They let Kari and Bobby sit nesk to each other all they want, and I sit nesk to Jeremias a lot, just listening to him talk, he’s so smart.
One sun-moon, I asked him, “What ‘NOY’ mean? Why they called that?” It’s something I always wondered. We young girls at 1223 never could figure it out. I asked Leta once and she didn’t know either.
“What do you think it means?” Jere asked me back.
“I think it mean their whole purpose is to annoy us peeps.”
He laughed. “That’s a good guess! Lots of young peeps wonder, make wild guesses. But that’s not it.”
“Give me a hint.”
“It’s really none of your concern.”
“But everyone wants to know. I bet you do too, don’t you?”
Jere just shook his head and smiled a little.
“Come on, give me a hint, let me guess it.”
“It’s none of your business, Dani.”
“What you mean, ‘business’? What’s that?”
“That was a long, long time ago. When there was a business, peeps got to vott on things . . . things like where they could live, how much they could eat, who could be their friends.”
“What is vott?”
“When there was vott, all peeps—cept kids—got to give their opinion about things, make a group decision about many things. NOY would only turn down the vott if it were bad for everyone. But NOY started turning down so much, they just decided, ‘No more vott.’”
“You got to vott! You did, Jere?”
“Not me, Dani. That was way before me, many, many lunars, maybe hundreds of lunars.”
“How you know all this?”
“Remember, I lived at Skool Vill for years. They taught us things like lunars, the soil and air, rain and sun. How things changed. How there became less and less rain but the sun got hotter and hotter. It was harder to grow food, and peeps died, almost everyone. Even lots of NOY died.”
It’s all interesting, but there is so much more I want to know. “Why NOY guards us so close? Why can’t we see everyone every sun-moon, sit nesk to you any time I want, sleep nesk to Kari?”
“Did you ever consider just asking NOY your kwestions, Dani?”
“No! Too dangerous, and they wouldn’t tell me anything. Probably just slap me with low rashon.”
“What do you think they would say if they did answer?”
I think about that a little. “They’d say, ‘none of your business’?”
“That’s right, Dani.”
“Did you ever ask them? Like at Skool Vill?”
“That was the first thing they taught us.”
“What?”
“Don’t ask kwestions. Just remember the answers.”
Don’t ask kwestions. I think about my talk with Jeremias that sun-moon, about all he said. But what I remember most is how funny it seemed, Jere not being allowed to ask kwestions but spending his whole life trying to answer kwestions of other peeps.
“Why you wanna die, Jeremias?”
We were at bath and Jere had just told me he wouldn’t be at the nesk bath, that I would never see him again. I didn’t believe my ears, wanted to rip them off so I couldn’t hear his words. I turned to look at Kari and Stebi, and they were looking right back at me, a little sad.
I turned back to Jere and waited for his answer. I felt mad, like he had to tell me—I deserved an answer.
“It’s my right, Dani, and it’s about the only right NOY gives us,” he finally esplained.
“What do you mean, ‘right’?” I love Jere, but sometimes his answers drive you loco, just make you ask more kwestions.
“Right means that I get to choose for myself. We all know that NOY chooses where we live, what we have at meals, when we wear cloth or scutt, how long bath lasts, when we can breed and with whom. It’s all up to them. They even decide where to draw the line, who dies nesk.”
He paused a little, probably waiting for my nesk kwestion, but I didn’t have one. I was trying not to cry. I turned toward Kari and Bobby, and they were trying not to cry, too.
“You don’t wanna live anymore?” I finally asked.
“I have answered about every kwestion I’ve ever been asked, maybe even eleven times. Karina and Roberto, by now, know everything I know. And I can barely walk or see.”
I stood up in the water and moved right in front him. Leaning over, my face close to his, I could see my reflection in his eyes.
“Do you see me, Jeremias?” I couldn’t tell.
“I can always see you, Kari.” He called me Kari!
“Anytime I want to see the three of you—smiling, laughing, playing—I just close my eyes. The last time I close my eyes, that is what I will see.”
I never saw him again.
10
A full-moon later, I get to community bath a little late. I look to see if Jere is there—I don’t espect him and he isn’t. In our spot sits Karina and Roberto. Their heads are lying back, like they’re lifeless. I see room on Kari’s left, and I know it is meant for me.
I wade over to them, trying not to go too fast. NOY must know we are all friends, but I don’t want the guard watching us too closely. When I get to Kari, I put my face down close to hers, hoping she will open her eyes and say hi. She doesn’t but I can see her skwinting through a little bit, and I know she sees me. That’s good enough.
I sit down and lean my head back against the edge of the pool, mimicking Kari and Bobby. The water seems hotter than usual, and the sweat starts pouring out of me in no time. I glance over at Kari and she’s really sweating, too. Bob looks dead.
I can tell they don’t feel like talking, so I keep my mouth shut. That’s hard for me but I can do it if I really try. Before long, I feel Kari’s left foot touch the back of my right ankle, then it hooks on. I glance over to see if she is looking at me, but her eyes are still shut. Then I notice Kari moving her right foot, and sure enough, she hooks on to Bobby’s left ankle. He jumps a little, then settles back and acts like nothing happened. There the three of us lie, hooked together, missing our old friend.
I glance over at the NOY guard and she looks like she’s dozing, sweat rolling down her face. I resume my half-dead pose and start thinking about Jere, wondering where he was when he crossed the line. Maybe he was right here in the pool, at this very spot. That makes me shiver a little.
I hope Kari or Bobby will tell me how Jeremias died—if he did it to himself or NOY did it. Maybe he asked Kari to end him. That could be why she looks so sad. My brane whirls memories—sitting nesk to Jere, talking to him, picking his brane. What a pest I must have been. But he never shooed me away.
Suddenly, Kari unhooks her foot from mine and stands up, surprising me so much I about slip under. Maybe she’ll talk to me now, finally. But she doesn’t. She’s crying! She walks away. I look over at Bobby and he looks back at me, shrugs a little and closes his eyes, his head back on the pool’s edge.
What to do? I want to follow Kari, to hug her. But that would be very stoopid, maybe make her mad. I glance over at Bobby again, he’s too far away and I feel lonely. I move my butt over toward him and feel my skutt catch on the pool shelf, so I butt-hop until I’m right nesk to him. His eyes are still shut tight but he must know I’m there. He scoots away.
It seems so long from one community bath until the nesk. Hundreds of kwestions have been piling up in my brane, and I can’t wait to ask them all. As soon as I get to bath, I start right in, asking one after another. After a while, Kari turns to Bobby and says, “All these kwestions from Dani! You know what she’s doing? It’s a triboot to Jere.” Bobby smiles and nods his head. I want to ask, What is ‘triboot’? but I don’t. They would just laugh at another kwestion from me.
Kari and Bobby usually give good answers to my kwestions, just not as good as Jere’s. Sometimes before they answer they might say, “I’m just winging this answer,” and then I’d have to ask, “What is ‘winging’?” I’m so stoopid.
Finally, I get to the kwestions that matter most. “What Jeremias say before he die?”
Kari and Bobby look at each other and kind of laugh.
“‘Ask me a kwestion’,” Kari answers.
“I just did! You no hear me?”
“No, Dani. That’s the answer to your kwestion.”
My brane is completely miksed up.
Bobby tries to help. “That is what Jere said. ‘Ask me a kwestion. Ask me all your kwestions. Dani me to death.’”
“Dani him?” I need more esplaining.
Bobby laughs and then Kari does too. He goes on, “Jere loves you but he said you never stop asking kwestions, said when Dani’s around, the kwestions fly.”
“Okay.” I am a little annoyed but I can’t help myself and ask another one: “What all kwestions did you ask him?”
Bobby answers. “We asked him what the world used to be like. He said, ‘You want me to tell everything I learned over many lunars, tell it all right now?’
“I said, ‘Yes, eksactly. Before you die.’ Jere smiled and started right in.”
El mundo global, green with plants, full of peeps and lots of other animals, caballos just one of many different ones. Animals in air, on dirt, everywhere. Even in ocean—that’s a great area of water, bigger than all bath pools combined. Then too much breeding and too many peeps. Very crowded. They give off bad air, all of them. Make ocean go bad. Ocean animals all die, air animals die, dirt animals suffer. So many peeps, they fly in air like burds. Cept they are in planes with long wings, giving off more bad air in the sky. Kill the sky.
“I asked Jere, ‘How the peeps get up there in the planes?’ He went on. You could tell he liked telling it all to us, but it made him sad, too.”
Planes go high, then come back to dirt. Peeps jump on and off when on the ground. Over and over, planes keep going up, move peeps around or try to make clouds rain, but just give off more gas, kill the air. Sky bad, dirt ruined, ocean dead. Weather goes crazy, some places there is no water, other places so much water it kills peeps, swallows them up. Peeps go back and forth, trying to get to water, then escape it. Businesses know there are too may peeps in their territory, want peeps to move on to territory of their enemy. If peeps don’t move, business gasses them a little. Or gasses them a lot and kills them.
“I wanted to know—all this happen at once? In a few sun-moons? I knew my kwestions were stoopid. But Jere didn’t get short with me. Just went on.”
It took hundreds of lunars. It’s hard for peeps to see the big picture. Eventually, so many peeps died, only a few businesses were left. They stopped fighting each other and joined together, became a megabusiness, made plans to control all peeps, to tell everyone, None of your matter. Soon, peeps began calling business “NOY.” By then, NOY had taken over everything.
Most peeps, give them a decent rashon, a mat to sleep on, some water to drink, and they are happy. That’s the way NOY thought then, and still thinks it. NOY doesn’t want peeps to be unhappy. Wants them to do their jobs, contriboot, pull their mass. Even breed a little.
Roberto stops telling about his talk with Jeremias, and I jump in with my own kwestion. “Why breed a little?”
“That’s what Bobby and me wanted to know!” Kari answers. She waits for Bobby to go on.
But instead of answering, he turns the kwestion on me: “You ever breed, Dani?”
Embarrassed, I look down, mumble a little no.
“It fun, but not that fun.” Then he looks at Kari, and it’s her turn to look down.
“You and Kari breed?” I ask.
There is silence. Then Kari answers, “I say yes but Bobby say no. He say, ‘You dreamin, I can tell it wasn’t you I was with.’”
I wait for more but get nothing and have to ask, “How he know that?”
Kari looks down some more, then says, “He say his girl no smell like me.”
It’s time for me to ask the big kwestion burning my brane. “You have bebe, Kari?”
Her eyes droop, she’s very sad. Just shakes her head no.
After a while, I can’t wait any longer. “Why not?”
Still looking down, Kari finally answers, “It never took.”
Three words, enough for me.
Time to change subject. “What the foochur going to be?”
“That’s up to NOY,” Bobby answers. “They try to match food and peeps. Need peeps to make food, but too many peeps ruin things. That’s why NOY controls breeding, draws the dead line on old peeps like Jere.”
“Jere drew his own line,” I argue.
Kari jumps in. “Yes, he did. NOY good like that. Don’t want us peeps to hate living. Can choose to pass over whenever we want. Jere use to say, ‘It all goes into the ekwation.’ That was one of Jere’s favorite sayings. He told us, ‘The more old peeps cross over, the more NOY lets breeding, bigger Kid Vill, smaller Old Vill. NOY controls everything.’”
My head hurts so much, I grab it. All I can think is, I miss Jere, and I say it out loud. Kari looks at me, her face grows sad again.
Now Bobby is looking down. I don’t care. I ask him, “Reina say you left Vill 1223 to kill Jeremias. Why she say that?”
Bobby and Kari look at each and laugh, especially Bobby. “That Stebi. I don’t wanna call my friend stoopid, but he’s simple. His whole life is caballos and friends, in that order. We’re not like that, want more. Kari and me plan to run away, hope to breed, Jere wants to move to Old Vill, weary of caballos and dust, he say.
“Stebi is simple but still feels things. Don’t want him to feel like we all run away from him, don’t care about him. So we make a plan. Jere say, we ‘hatch it.’ Jeremias can’t help himself with his special words.
“We keep on hatching, and I tell Stebi that I hate Jeremias, want to kill him, just like Stebi and I killed that mean caballo one time. Keep talking about hating Jere until Stebi hates him too. But can’t kill him at Vill 1223, else I get low rashon forever. Have to make Jere get on tran with me, leave vill, then I kill him. Maybe go to Breed Vill. Someday, come back to 1223. At least, all that’s what I told Stebi.”
Kari interrupts. “You really did hate Jere back then. Admit it, Bob. You were jealous of how smart he was. Plus, you thought he liked me.”
Bobby’s face turned color but he grinned a little. “What you say is some true, Kari. But just a little. It’s hard to hate Jere. He was special—even stoopid me knew that. But I had to make believe I hated Jere in order to make Stebi believe it, believe that I would take Jere away from 1223 to kill him.”
“Stebi believe you?”
“Sure.”
“That so mean, him waiting lunars for you to come back.”
Kari jumps in. “Maybe Stebi’s waiting, maybe not. But he’s happy, I know it. He has caballos, that’s the main thing, and he has Reina too. Those things plus normal rashon, fun at bath, that’s all it takes to make Stebi happy. He’s not like us.”
I think about everything my friends have said. It all makes my brane spin but when it stops, I ask, “Some sun-moon, you’ll leave me, like you left Stebi?”
Kari looks surprised, upset. Roberto dunks himself under the water.
“We’re all together, Dani,” she begins. “Jere used to say, ‘We all one big familia.’ Another word of his, but what he meant . . . what you think he meant?”
I’m not ready for her kwestion. Think a little. Watch Bobby finally come up for air, then go back under. Then I try my answer, “It means, we stay together? You don’t leave me, like you left Stebi?”
Kari smiles, then says, “One sun-moon, I told a girl peep, ‘You ever miss me, come to Old Vill.’ I said that to every friend I made after I left Vill 1223. But I wasn’t saying it to those peeps, I was saying it to you, Dani.”
I nod.
Kari esplains, “That’s what Jere meant by familia. Always stays together, outsmart NOY, never lose each other.”
Bobby is up again, looking confoosed, puzzled by what he missed while under water.
But I understand. I reach over and Kari’s hand is waiting for mine. And I see her reach out with her other hand for Bobby’s.
# # #
Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer.
Thanks!
David K. Dodd
Acknowledgments
My gratitude to:
John Borrowman III, Janis Falk, Patrick Fisher, and Julie Kudick, my readers, for their invaluable feedback and insightful suggestions. Each provided a unique perspective.
Peggy Dodd, my spouse and constant companion, for her selfless involvement in all aspects of the book. Her daily support and encouragement sustain me.
About David K. Dodd
A former psychologist, David K. Dodd now writes fiction that focuses on personal conflict, relationships, and community. He lives in Fish Creek, Wisconsin, and he can be contacted through his website: http://www.DavidKDodd.com/.

Also by David K. Dodd
Furnace Murder
True story of a horrific murder, as told through the eyes of a fourteen-year-old boy, the son of the local sheriff who solved the case. It is a tale of small-town life in 1948, including the wealth and prominence of the victim, and the curse of death.
[Published July 2014. ISBN 978-0-9835670-3-5; paperback and ebook versions available at online retailers.]

Star Shooting
A compelling story of youthful promise, friendship, and family, Star Shooting is a tragicomedy—at once heartbreaking and heartwarming—that will captivate readers of all ages.
[Published June 2011. ISBN 978-0-9835670-0-4; paperback and ebook versions available at online retailers.]

Star Dawning
Three separate families, struggling to survive, interconnect in ways that are unpredictable and fascinating. Star Dawning is an inspiring story of individual redemption and the restorative power of family.
[Published June 2012. ISBN 978-0-9835670-1-1; paperback and ebook versions available at online retailers.]

