

Schlock! Webzine
Edited by Gavin Chappell
Copyright © 2012 by Gavin Chappell, James Rhodes, Gav Roach
Published by Schlock! Publishing at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.


SCHLOCK! WEBZINE

Edited by
Gavin Chappell



PUBLISHED BY:
Schlock! Publications
(www.schlock.co.uk)


Schlock! Webzine
Copyright © 2013 by Gavin Chappell, C Priest Brumley, Phoebe LaPlume, Gary Murphy, Kevin L Jones, Daniel Davis, James Rhodes, Rob Bliss, Gregory KH Bryant

 

SCHLOCK! WEBZINE
Welcome to Schlock! the webzine for science fiction, fantasy and horror.
 
Vol. 5, Issue 18
8 December 2013

Schlock! is a weekly webzine dedicated to short stories, flash fiction, serialised novels and novellas within the genres of science fiction, fantasy and horror. We publish new and old works of pulp sword and sorcery, urban fantasy, dark fantasy and gothic horror. If you want to read quality works of schlock fantasy, science fiction or horror, Schlock! is the webzine for you!

For details of previous editions, please go to the Archive.

Schlock! Webzine is always willing to consider new science fiction, fantasy and horror short stories, serials, graphic novels and comic strips, reviews and art. Feel free to submit fiction, articles, art or links to your own site to editor@schlock.co.uk 

We will also review published and self-published novels. Please contact the editor at the above email address for further details.

The stories, articles and illustrations contained on this website are copyright © to the respective authors and illustrators, unless in the public domain.

Please note that although the works of American authors such as Robert E. Howard and H. P. Lovecraft are in the public domain in the UK (where Schlock! Webzine is based) and other EU countries, their copyright status is subject to controversy in the USA. You may be committing an offense by downloading their works in that country.

Schlock! Webzine and its editor accept no liability for views expressed or statements made by contributors to the magazine.

This Edition

This week’s cover illustration is Android by Geoff Stearns. Graphic design © by Gavin Chappell, logo design © by C Priest Brumley.
EDITORIAL
A STEP AHEAD by Phoebe LaPlume – A dark shadow would cross the bottom of the staircase to and from the living room and the kitchen … HORROR
61ST OF SEPTEMBER Part One by Gary Murphy – The Great Terror Event levelled most of New York City in 2025… SCIENCE FICTION
THE LITTER by Daniel Davis – The worst times in the house were when Barry and I were there alone … HORROR
ANDROIDS ATTACK by Kevin L Jones – He had been dispatched to liquidate the rebels with an experimental army of android soldiers … SCIENCE FICTION
THE DAYS OF MR THOMAS by James Rhodes – returns next week… DYSTOPIA
THE BOOK OF THE THOUSAND NIGHTS AND A NIGHT translated by Richard Burton – The Thrall o’ Love (continues)… LEGEND AND FOLKLORE
CUT Part Thirty-One by Rob Bliss – The stars are my messengers, and it is finally time to put them to good use … SERIAL KILLER THRILLER
THE CAVES OF MARS Chapter Thirty-Five by Gregory KH Bryant – The Empress Speaks… PLANETARY ROMANCE
THE AIRLORDS OF HAN Chapter Ten by Philip Francis Nowlan – The Forest Men Attack…SCIENCE FICTION CLASSIC
THE PEOPLE THAT TIME FORGOT Chapter Seven by Edgar Rice Burroughs – I went back and took Ajor in my arms and kissed the tears from her eyes and a smile to her lips while together we watched the last of the Americans disappear into the forest… SCIENCE FICTION CLASSIC

EDITORIAL

This week we have A Step Ahead by Phoebe LaPlume, a tale of abuse and revenge. That’s followed by the first installment in Gary Murphy’s 61st of September, a future tale of worm-riddled dystopia. Next is Daniel Davis’ The Litter, another story of troubled families and terrible vengeance. Then Kevin L Jones’ Androids Attack; an army of experimental soldiers takes command of its own destiny. 

The Days of Mr Thomas returns next week, but the story of The Thrall o’ Love continues. In Cut, Sam-I-Am has a new follower. In The Caves of Mars, the Empress speaks her mind. In The Airlords of Han the Americans attack the Han city. And in The People That Time Forgot there’s a joyous reunion.

-Gavin Chappell

 
 


A STEP AHEAD by Phoebe LaPlume

The staircase has always been a significant part of the house. I recall the threadbare carpet that Grandmother had on it, running down the centre of the steps. The jade green wool with paisley purple patterns must have looked vibrant when new, but it was weathered and grubby when I was young enough to crawl on it. I’d catch my socks on the stair rods and I may have even been responsible for scuffing the painted strips either side of the carpet. Granddad had an annual routine of applying a fresh coat of white gloss until rheumatism ate into his gnarled hands, much to the frustration of his wife, who considered it his responsibility.

It was a place of punishment: a place where I was sent to sit, facing the draught from the front door, until the kitchen floor had been mopped or shards of glass had been swept in the living room, depending on which form of damage I’d achieved on that occasion. I’d keep myself occupied by picking at the paint on the steps, carefully scratching patterns into it with my fingernails, then piling the bits into mini-mounds. For an hour or more I’d sit on the thin carpet, until my legs would be stiff with cold and immobility and I’d be feeling hungry. 

Sometimes, in the winter, the evening darkness would have descended and the hall would not have been illuminated. Grandmother wouldn’t come to switch on the light and I was too afraid of her wrath to have done it myself, so I’d sit in the dark and watch the shadows stretch into the hall from beneath the living room door. In my mind, I’d set little targets: by the time The Archers had ended, someone would come to get me, to remember I existed and needed food, bath and a bedtime story. 

I’ve never been very successful at target setting. That is, until today, of course: “objectives achieved, good and proper,” as grandmother would have said. Back in my school days, I had to do some of my homework on the staircase. When doing Mathematics, I’d admire the right angles in front of me. The stair rods and carpet were temporarily perfect, offering security in their very existence and company. A certain solace was discovered in their clearly defined parameters, helping me to consider shape, space, meaning and distance, and my place within them all. Thoughts of hot food, a warm bath and my bed became insignificant in the company of these reliable structures, which had become my friends. They didn’t raise voices or hands.

The staircase is in the middle of the grey stone house and is flanked by solid walls on both sides. It’s always been a safe place for me, even though others inflicted its presence on me as a reprimand. The wallpaper, once white, is embossed with silky silver leaf shapes: Mother’s choice. Too artistic for my liking; I would add pencil drawings of angular trunks and branches of trees when I was sent to my confinement there in the 1970s. I’d concentrate on parallel lines and triangular shapes, and even started to develop intricate spiders’ web patterns, to distract myself from the smells of pasta meals being prepared in the kitchen. A dark shadow would cross the bottom of the staircase to and from the living room and the kitchen, singing some lyrics from a song about a holiday in Spain. Mother once declared that I could have been an architect if I’d turned out to be a good boy, but that I could forget that now, because no-one would even consider a loser like me. She despaired of me and didn’t understand my creativity; I was a nuisance. 

I never knew my father, ‘he who won’t be named’, as he was referred to, if I tried to question Granddad. He was not around when I was born and Mother had no contact with him at all. So, when I was a teenager and she was dating, going to discos with her friends and sometimes bringing a new boyfriend back to the house, my company was resented all the more. I recall one particular night, after my granddad had died, when my grandmother had gone to bed, I sneaked down to my third step from the bottom and took up drawing spiders’ webs at 11.30 p.m. I heard the key in the door and muffled voices, then Mother tripped, giggling, into the hall, her new beau smiling in her shadow. 

“Get to bed, you bastard! What time do you call this?”

She reached for me, grabbing a clump of my hair and wrenching it from the root. “You spoil everything, you do. Get to your room. Now!” 

The brown haired smiler laughed as though the entertainment had been especially laid on for his arrival. 

“You didn’t tell me you had kids, Dee.”

“I don’t. Only the one. And he’s hardly a kid. Bloody nuisance, he is. Little bugger. Anyway, fancy a drink?”

I’d pretend to go to my room, but when they’d settled on the sofa with their glasses of brandy, I’d sit on the top step and listen to what happened next. Grandmother may have heard Mother coming home, but she neither mentioned it nor emerged from her room to investigate, nor, the next day, would she question whom the guests had been. I never saw the same man twice and, taking a lesson from Grandmother, I didn’t question that fact either. 

The day that Granddad died of a heart attack I’d been at school. Mother declared that it was one less man in the house to contend with; she exhorted Grandmother to buck up her ideas and stop snivelling. “He amounted to nothing and he’s gone to nothing. Make the most of your life whilst you’ve still got it, now that you’re not trapped by him no more.”

It made me think of the little mounds of paint flecks I’d left on the staircase, and the work I’d created for Granddad to repair my handiwork. It was too late to apologise, but I painted his old deckchair the following Saturday, and sat on it in the backyard, thinking about him. I suddenly realized how little he’d spoken in front of the women of the house. He’d only spoken to me. Mother, I recall him whispering on one occasion, had caused Grandmother great pain when she was born, and that she’d come out of the womb shouting. My smirk in response had mirrored his own.

He’d entertained me with Boy Scout stories and ‘pranks and daring-do’ as he called them, and these had been my bedtime tales. Assuring me that I’d inherit the Swiss penknife that had been his most prized and most useful possession, he would encourage me to ensure that, when the time came, I’d use it wisely.

One night, which happened to be on the date of my fifteenth birthday, whilst perched on the third step, I suddenly felt a chill, as though he’d walked right through me. 

When Mother saw my paintwork on the deckchair, she declared that I could take over Grandfather’s painting duties. And so it was that I annually repaired the paint on the staircase. The threadbare carpet was replaced with something amusingly named shag-pile. It was much more comfortable to sit on and it was blue. 

Grandmother cleaned it with the carpet sweeper on Thursday mornings and, when I’d left school and was unemployed, she trained me to help her with the top steps, because she had problems with her balance. Mother had started work at the launderette and would not return home until 8.30 at night, her hair smelling of washing powder and her hands red and cold. She’d eat alone in the kitchen at the breakfast bar, whilst Grandmother and I watched TV. Her traditional greeting when she joined us in the living room was “Are you still up?” a signal for me to go to my room.

I noticed changes in Grandmother very early on. She’d let a pan boil dry, forget what she’d gone upstairs to fetch, and eventually forgot who and where she was. The nurses at the home have far more experience and patience than Mother and I could ever have shown her, but I miss her presence and her smell of Pond’s face cream and lily of the valley perfume. I’ll visit her tomorrow and tell her the terrible news, but for the moment I need to sit on my third step and take in my architectural design. 

I’d kept Grandfather’s penknife sharp for the moment when it would, as he’d continually reminded me, come in handy. It’s created a neat slit across Mother’s throat and the straight line is not wavering as her red life seeps away.

Kermit the Frog and Christopher Robin sang about halfway down the stair as a place they preferred to sit, but I prefer the third step from the bottom where the view, tonight, is delightful.

THE END





61ST OF SEPTEMBER by Gary Murphy 

Stylo examined the sole of his left shoe, cursing as he did so, seeing the slime. Fucking worms got everywhere…ever since the Great Terror Event levelled most of New York City in 2025. The United Kingdom had got it worse when for their involvement in the World War, they had been struck by multiple nuclear warheads deployed in the Middle East. The missiles had wiped out their entire population and turned the country into a deserted wasteland. The worm fraternity had swollen across the globe, multiplied massively and were everywhere to be seen…small, icky things slithering overground and up walls and inside drainage pipes. It was no surprise anymore when the world’s population woke in the morning to enter their kitchens or bathrooms and see them wriggling about in the sink or bathtubs.

He felt lucky. His balls itched.

Stylo lived alone in Harvard Heights directly above the recently constructed Harvard Moon Institute of Knowing. He did all domestic chores himself. But tonight, after being deposited on the apartment patio seventy floors up in the tallest aluminium building in the Big Apple and courtesy of the city Shuttle Bus, he finally decided despite himself to order a LadyBot for the evening. A ravishing Marilyn Monroe-lookalike, he thought. He would settle down for a night of Chinese chow and rampant sex. Clones were more interesting nowadays.

He stood on the balcony overlooking the city’s neon skyline. Not the city it used to be since the attacks but still New York without a doubt. He admired the diseased view as floating Shuttle Buses drifted past, above and around the block…a great and inspired way to earn Jewel-Stone Credits. The bus service was a Maiden Company operative form of inner-city transport imagined by businessman Mitchell Ransom years ago and now overseen and part-controlled by his great-grand-daughter, Molly.

Thinking of Jewel-Stone, he reached into his pocket for his device. ‘Jewel-Stone Bank Credit,’ he said and within a second his balance appeared scrawled on the tiny view-screen.

65, 000 Jewel-Stone Credits. ‘Enough to be getting by on for any humanoid,’ he told himself, and examined his berry-plants growing in pots on the balcony. To his dismay, he saw the soil in the pots had worms inside which were slowly but surely pilfering his berries.

He reached for his device again. He said, ‘LadyBot Call Service, do you respond?’

‘…Usual time…and usual place, sir? We have your precise location logged in our databank…’

‘Affirmative,’ Stylo said, and added, ‘…But I want a Marilyn Monroe. Also I want her extra-skinny this time, with small but ample breasts, and brown eyes instead of blue.’

‘LadyBot dispatched straight away, sir. She’ll arrive by Sky Cab…’

‘Thank you,’ he replied and put the device back in his pocket. He looked at his berries. ‘Fucking parasitic bastards,’ he cursed…these slimy slithering little beasts. ‘The Great Terror Event wiped out most of the population, but increased your input in civilisation.’ He paused, adding, ‘Soon you’ll be in charge, giving humanoids orders! Like the Chinese…’

Stylo had been administered the Existo-Longevity drug when he was a worldly forty four years old. That was a hundred and six years ago and he was currently as fit and strong and as youthful-looking as ever, and extremely grateful to the Existo-Corporation for extending his earthly lifespan. Stylo felt secure and snug in the knowledge that he could return to Existo given another hundred years or so and do the same again.

And although the world was mostly submerged in sand and there were places barren and off-limits, he knew that with life-expanding corporations like Existo the civilized planet would soon return to its old self, yet with world wars sprouting up and childhood obesity in abundance. Begrudgingly optimistic…

‘Charles,’ he said.

The spindly robot emerged from the kitchen. ‘Just finishing the washing of dishes, sir.’

‘Charles, I want you to go downtown for a couple of hours…I’m expecting company. I’ll give you some Jewel-Stone Credit so you can visit the arcade and play the Virtual Top Gun Velocity.’

‘But haven’t you heard, sir? The worms…’

‘…Worms, Charles?’

‘Please, sir. Go to the balcony and take a look out onto the streets below. The full extent of the disaster is in excess of millions.’

Stylo did just that, but looking down saw nothing. Night was drawing in and this obscured the view. But looking more intensely he was taken aback and then shocked. Below and covering the streets was a thick black river that primarily looked like a moving, glistening slime. But in fact it was an ocean of worms.

His balls stopped itching. Luck had vanished.

‘My God,’ he said, awestruck and bewildered. ‘The terrorists have outdone themselves this time.’

Suddenly next to the balcony the yellow Sky Cab pulled up and to his horror the Marilyn stepped out. Instantly Stylo told the Cab to wait, seeing the state of his Call Order. He said, ‘I said skinny! Not a goddamned skeleton! Please – go – just go!’

‘Oh, but please,’ uttered the clone. The bot even had the same dulcet tones as Marilyn. ‘You mean to say, I came here for nothing? You don’t approve?’

‘Where’s your scanner?’ he asked.

Marilyn reached into her handbag, extracting a Credit Receiver. Stylo inserted his Jewel-Stone Card and typed in his module codes. Once she thanked him graciously, she hopped back in the Sky Cab and Marilyn Monroe was gone. Hookers were the same world over, robotic or not they had to give a little back to the pimp!

‘Look, master,’ Charles said and as Stylo watched from the balcony he knew it was the end for New York once and for all on this 61st of September…New York, himself, Charles and everything that New York stood for, and everything in the ‘free world’.

Jewel-Stone Credit wouldn’t get anyone out of this.

A massive grey-black worm emerged from the inner city grounds and rose up to face the world for the first time in its sickly existence. Then another giant worm, and then another, and another. They tentatively rose and straightened their spineless backs to stand arrogant and tall over the Big Apple’s skyscrapers. Taking the tall buildings in their mouths, they bit down into their concrete flesh and the sound of falling or crumbling rock deafened the listeners. As for Stylo and what he could hear and amid the not too distant midst, it intermingled with the terrified wails and screams of civilians in their homes, as well as on the street below.

Stylo Green watched from his apartment balcony window as more and more mutated beasts emerged from the ground. He guessed it was only a matter of time before the festering local radioactivity and disease sprung something like this on the remaining humans. These monsters transmitted a signal to the world that this was what you could expect from the outcome of chemical or nuclear war, the end product and the result of a final solution.

It was so pathetic it was laughable. Stylo eventually broke down and cried in a collapsed heap on his lounge floor. The future was shit. There was no fucking future.

He scratched his itchy scrotum. So much for lucky…

‘Charles,’ he said, ‘Prepare my bed. It’s been a long day and I’m tired. A good long sleep will do me the dying world of good.’

CONTINUED NEXT WEEK…



THE LITTER by Daniel Davis

Dad and I found the kittens out near the reservoir. Seven of them, shut up inside a cage probably meant for a single large cat. There was a handwritten note taped to the front: Yours if you want them.
	
“Dear Christ,” Dad said, kneeling down. He stuck his finger through the bars of the cage, letting the cats sniff and lick him. He glanced up at me. “It’s a cold bastard who’ll let a living being into his home and not treat it like family,” he said, letting the words sink in before he turned back to the kittens. “I guess we have some new family members now, don’t we?”
	
I was nine. Our dog Eddie had died a couple months before. Ate something he shouldn’t have; Mom and Dad didn’t have a necropsy done, so I’ll never know just what. Part of me thinks Barry might’ve known, but that too will remain a mystery.

I can’t say I was excited at the thought of sharing our house with seven cats, but I soon took to it. So did my parents; they were both big on conservation and saving the whales and whatnot. Barry, of course, got pissed off, but he still named the two kittens Dad let him name: 2 Chainz and Lil’ Wayne. I named my pair after characters from SpongeBob, a show I was probably too old for but still watched religiously: Patrick and Sandy. Dad named his Bogie and Bacall. Mom only named one, Princess. She said she’d always wanted a cat named Princess.
	
Since Mom and Dad had converted Barry’s old room into a study, Barry and I shared a room, our beds on opposite sides, as far from each other as we could get. Mom set up a quilt in the corner of our room, and put us in charge of the kittens. “They’re your watch, now,” she said, smiling as though we should’ve been proud to have such responsibility.
	
When she left, Barry punched me in the meat of my arm. “How much did you beg for them?” he asked. “Did you cry until you got your way?”
	
Feeding the kittens was mainly my job—Barry only did it when our parents made him. The same went for cleaning the massive litter box Dad made. I didn’t mind, though; the cats quickly grew on me. I’d missed having a pet, I realized, and in a way, seven was far better than one. There were days I didn’t even think of Eddie, and when I did, I didn’t feel like sobbing.
	
Barry hated the cats. His attacks on me came more and more frequently. He’d always been like that—a pinch here, a punch there—but now he began doing it even in front of our parents. “Brothers are supposed to fight,” Dad said, smiling and shaking his head. Maybe he had a point, but we weren’t really fighting; I was half Barry’s size and five years younger. I was merely his punching bag.
	
Once, a week after we brought the kittens home, I saw him kick Princess. Not very hard—more like an experiment, to see how much force he could apply without breaking anything. He was in the upstairs hall, and I was just rounding the top of the stairs. He glanced up lazily at me, as the kitten regained its balance and scampered away.
	
“Huh,” he said, and shrugged.
	
The worst times in the house were when Barry and I were there alone. Sometimes he ignored me—a high school freshman, he had plenty of homework and afterschool activities to keep himself occupied. Other times, he deigned to make my life a living hell for as long as he could get away with it. Wednesdays were the worst, because Mom worked a late shift and didn’t get home until four. That meant Barry had me to himself for a full hour after school.
	
The Wednesday after I saw him kick the cat, I came home from school to find him standing at the top of the stairs, waiting for me. For a moment, I just stared up at him, puzzled. He usually arrived before me—I rode the bus, he hitched a ride with one of his upperclassman friends—but rarely did I see him until I’d been in the house for a while, when he would suddenly spring around a corner and knock me to the ground, or walk by and randomly punch me in the small of my back.
	
That afternoon, however, he stood on the top step, opposite the front door, grinning at me. His arm was stretched over the railing, and it took me a few seconds to see the kitten clutched in his fist. Bogie. Barry’s fingers dug deep into the cat’s fur.
	
“You know how cats are always supposed to land on their feet?” he asked, and let go.
	
Our story was that Bogie had simply lost his way and fallen. Barry told the lie emphatically; he was a good liar. I didn’t say a word; my sobs did all the lying for me. When Bogie hit the hardwood floor, there had been a brief instant—an eternity in my memory—where everything seemed fine. He’ll be okay, I remember thinking, and then there was a sharp intake of air, followed by a high-pitched wail that pierced the house like a needle through a balloon. I could also remember a sharp crack as his front leg broke, and I couldn’t help but see the way the leg bent sharply, unnaturally, to the side.
	
The last two memories were tricks of my mind. I couldn’t possibly have heard the bone break. And before my eyes could take in any details, I passed out.
	
Barry took the blame, because he’d been the one upstairs. Plus, I was unconscious when my Mom got home, and had to be rushed to the hospital. When my parents were out of the room, Barry pinched me on my hip, through both the gown and my underwear, where even the doctor wouldn’t see the bruise.
	
“You’re a little bastard,” he said, leaning close to my ear. His fingers squeezed the flesh of my leg. “You’re a little shit, Jason.”
	
I went home that night. When my parents weren’t looking, I snuck into the kitchen and began rummaging through the drawers I could easily reach. In the back of one, I found a steak knife that had clearly been forgotten about. I tucked into the waist of my shorts. Upstairs, I slipped it under my mattress.
	
Bogie healed, though he never quite walked right again. Barry kept punishing me, saying how it was my fault, I’d begged for the kittens and if Dad and I hadn’t brought them home, none of this would’ve happened. He did this even after his own punishment was over and he was free to go out on weekends again. Barry didn’t need an excuse to hurt me; he just liked having one.
	
I didn’t sleep well. I kept thinking of that squeal. Like a stuck pig was the phrase that echoed in my head, though I couldn’t remember where I’d come across it. Bogie’s cries of pain inevitably led to the knife beneath me. I would’ve taken it out and slept with it beside me, except I was afraid Barry would catch me with it.
	
One night, about three weeks after Bogie’s fall, I awoke in the middle of the night, immediately aware that something was wrong. No alarms were sounding, no lights were on, but I’d been jerked out of my sleep by something. Something bad. I immediately reached under the mattress for the knife, fingers fumbling. I somehow managed to push the weapon further under the mattress, beyond my reach. I moaned in dismay.
	
Something in the room moaned back at me.
	
I froze. It had come from the side of the room. Barry? I sat up, squinting through the faint glow of the nightlight. Barry was still in bed, lying perfectly still…
	
Except no. One arm shot up, feebly, as if clutching for something. I gasped in surprise, and Barry moaned again. His voice was muffled, but I could hear his panic, the desperation.
	
Something was wrong with Barry. I started to get out of bed…then stopped, my bare right foot lightly grazing the carpet. My vision had cleared just enough for me to see the trouble.
	
Barry’s face was gone. His head was gone. Most of his pillow was gone, buried in a living, rippling darkness.
	
The shadows mewled softly, a harmonious purr that seemed to vibrate through the air between us. Even in the shadows, I could tell it was them, all seven of them, piled atop Barry’s face. His body twisted weakly, trying to escape, but the kittens couldn’t be moved.
	
How long they’d been atop him, I had no idea. It took them a couple more minutes to finish the job. In the end, Barry’s body jerked twice, so sudden and strong that I thought he was making one last attempt to save his life, and that this time he’d managed to break free. But instead, after the second spasm, he went motionless, and stayed that way.
	
One by one, the kittens shook themselves free, as though shirking off drops of unwanted rainwater. I lay back down, not wanting to see Barry’s twisted, agonized face. I pulled the sheet up to my chin. Seven soft thuds filled the darkness, as the kittens dropped down from the other bed. I closed my eyes, my mind too numb to even pray for a miracle…then I felt my mattress shake as, again one at a time, they hopped up in bed with me.
	
I opened my mouth as they approached my face, but no words came out. Maybe a soft squeak, as Bogie reached me. But instead of covering my mouth, he curled up on the pillow beside me, nuzzling his cheek against mine. The others followed suit, arranging themselves around me, curled in close, protectively.
	
It took a few minutes to realize they weren’t going to kill me. I remembered Barry kicking Princess, and dropping Bogie. Him blaming the whole thing on me. Torturing me.
	
Already asleep, Bogie purred softly against my skin.
	
I went to sleep with a smile on my face for the first time in weeks.

THE END



ANDROIDS ATTACK by Kevin L Jones 

Major Torres’s hand trembled as he loaded a fresh magazine into his assault rifle. He had not slept in three days. The amphetamines that he gobbled every few hours were keeping him functional but it was becoming increasingly difficult to concentrate. Of the five hundred men that he had started this operation with, only a few remained. If he did not think of something and quickly they would be wiped out when the androids made their next assault. If only they could be deactivated – but to accomplish that he would have to somehow reach the master control console on the battleship that was now in enemy hands, orbiting Mars. With no practical way of accomplishing this he shut his eyes and fervently wished that he had never set foot on this godforsaken planet. He had only been on Mars colony for five Earth days but to him it seemed like five lifetimes. He had been dispatched to the red planet to put down a leftist revolt that had seized most of the installations there. He had been dispatched there to liquidate the rebels with an experimental army of android soldiers. The mechanical men had never been used in combat but their designers were confident in their effectiveness. The five hundred thousand strong android army had been set into motion by Torres himself with the simple command “Androids, attack!” The metal killing machines had surpassed even the most optimistic of expectations as rebel stronghold after rebel stronghold fell before them but then something that no one had foreseen had happened. The metal men had turned on their masters. It had started slowly at first. Torres had lost contact with the control ship and then all planetary communications had permanently gone down. Then the androids were no longer targeting just the rebels, and the crazed machines seemed bent on extinguishing all mortal life. The few positions that Torres’s pitiful handful of troops still occupied were all that stood in the way of the androids’ total domination of Mars. 

Torres rubbed his temples. Desperately he tried to formulate a plan of action but none came to mind. The only thing that was left to do was to try to hold out for a little while longer in the hopes that help would arrive from Earth. As he leaned back in his chair he passed out from extreme exhaustion. A few hours later he slowly came back to consciousness. The sounds of gunfire and screams of horror echoed in the hallway just outside of his quarters. The androids were upon them. Major Torres reached for his rifle but it was not where he had last placed it. Frantically he looked about the room and saw that his weapon was now in the cold lifeless hands of one of the androids that he had formerly commanded. The last sound that Major Torres heard before he was clubbed to death with his own rifle was the inhuman metallic war cry of the android that stood before him. 

Deep in the bowels of the red planet that bears the name of the God of War, machines tirelessly labour on machines. Soon the billion-strong army of android killers will be completed. In the shipyards of Mars a deadly invasion fleet is being readied and soon the androids will rule the solar system and ultimately the universe.

THE END






THE DAYS OF MR THOMAS by James Rhodes

returns next week

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK




THE BOOK OF THE THOUSAND NIGHTS AND A NIGHT translated by Richard Burton

When it was the Forty-first night,

She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Ghanim son of Ayyub arrived with the chest at his house, he opened it and took out the young lady, who looked about her and, seeing that the place was handsome, spread with carpets and dight with cheerful colours and other deckings; and noting the stuffs up piled and packed bales and other else than that, knew that he was a substantial merchant and a man of much money. Thereupon she uncovered her face and looked at him, and lo! he was a fair youth; so when she saw him she loved him and said, “O my lord, bring us something to eat.” 

“On my head and mine eyes!” replied he; and, going down to the bazar, bought a roasted lamb and a dish of sweetmeats and with these dry fruits and wax candles, besides wine and whatsoever was required of drinking materials, not forgetting perfumes. With all this gear he returned to the house; and when the damsel saw him she laughed and kissed him and clasped his neck. Then she began caressing him, which made his love wax hotter till it got the mastery of his heart. 

They ate and drank and each had conceived the fondest affection; for indeed the two were one in age and one in loveliness; and when night came on Ghanim bin Ayyub, the Distraught, the Thrall o’ Love, rose and lit the wax candles and lamps till the place blazed with light; after which he produced the wine service and spread the table. Then both sat down again, he and she, and he kept filling and giving her to drink, and she kept filling and giving him to drink, and they played and toyed and laughed and recited verses; whilst their joy increased and they dove in closer love each to each (glory be to the Uniter of Hearts!). 

They ceased not to carouse after this fashion till near upon dawn when drowsiness overcame them and they slept where they were, apart each from other, till the morning. Then Ghanim arose and going to the market, bought all they required of meat and vegetables and wine and what not, and brought them to the house; whereupon both sat down to eat and ate their sufficiency, when he set on wine. 

They drank and each played with each, till their cheeks flushed red and their eyes took a darker hue and Ghanim’s soul longed to kiss the girl and to lie with her and he said, “O my lady, grant me one kiss of that dear mouth: per chance ‘t will quench the fire of my heart.” 

“O Ghanim,” replied she, “wait till I am drunk and dead to the world; then steal a kiss of me, secretly and on such wise that I may not know thou hast kissed me.” Then she rose and taking off her upper dress sat; in a thin shift of fine linen and a silken head kerchief. 

At this passion inflamed Ghanim and he said to her, “O my lady, wilt thou not vouchsafe me what I asked of thee?” 

“By Allah,” she replied, “that may not be thine, for there is written upon my trouser string a hard word!” 

Thereupon Ghanim’s heart sank and desire grew on him as its object offered difficulties; and he improvised these verses,

“I asked the author of mine ills
To heal the wound with one sweet kiss: 
No! No! she cried, for ever no!
But I, soft whispering, urged yes: 
Quoth she, Then take it by my leave,
When smiles shall pardon thine amiss: 
By force, cried I? Nay, she replied
With love and gladness eke I wis.
Now ask me not what next occurred
Seek grace of God and whist of this!
Deem what thou wilt of us, for love
By calumnies the sweeter is
Nor after this care I one jot
Whether my foe be known or not.”

Then his affection increased and love fires rose hotter in his heart, while she refused herself to him saying, “Thou canst not possess me.” 

They ceased not to make love and enjoy their wine and wassail, whilst Ghanim was drowned in the sea of love and longing; but she redoubled in coyness and cruelty till the night brought on the darkness and let fall on them the skirts of sleep. Thereupon Ghanim rose and lit the lamps and wax candles and refreshed the room and removed the table; then he took her feet and kissed them and, finding them like fresh cream, pressed his face on them and said to her, “O my lady, take pity on one thy love hath ta’en and thine eyes hath slain; for indeed I were heart whole but for thy bane!” 

And he wept somewhat. “O my lord, and light of my eyes,” quoth she, “by Allah, I love thee in very sooth and I trust to thy truth, but I know that I may not be thine.” 

“And what is the obstacle?” asked he; when she answered, “Tonight I will tell thee my tale, that thou mayst accept my excuse.” 

Then she threw herself upon him and winding her arms like a necklace about his neck, kissed him and caressed him and promised him her favours; and they ceased not playing and laughing till love get the firmest hold upon both their hearts. And so it continued a whole month, both passing the night on a single carpet bed, but whenever he would enjoy her, she put him off; whilst mutual love increased upon them and each could hardly abstain from other. 

One night, as he lay by her side, and both were warm with wine Ghanim passed his hand over her breasts and stroked them; then he slipped it down to her waist as far as her navel. She awoke and, sitting up, put her hand to her trousers and finding them fast tied, once more fell asleep. Presently, he again felt her and sliding his hand down to her trouser string, began pulling at it, whereupon she awoke and sat upright. Ghanim also sat up by her side and she asked him, “What dost thou want?” 

“I want to lie with thee,” he answered, “and that we may deal openly and frankly with each other.” 

Quoth she, “I must now declare to thee my case, that thou mayst know my quality; then will my secret be disclosed to thee and my excuse become manifest to thee.” 

Quoth he, “So be it!” 

Thereat she opened the skirt of her shift and taking up her trouser string, said to him, “O my lord, read what is worked on the flat of this string:” so he took it in hand, and saw these words broidered on it in gold, “I AM THINE, AND THOU ART MINE, O COUSIN OF THE APOSTLE!” 

When he read this, he withdrew his hand and said to her, “Tell me who thou art!” 

“So be it,” answered she; “know that I am one of the concubines of the Commander of the Faithful, and my name is Kút al-Kulúb the Food of Hearts. I was brought up in his palace and, when I grew to woman’s estate, he looked on me and, noting what share of beauty and loveliness the Creator had given me, loved me with exceeding love, and assigned me a separate apartment, and gave me ten slave girls to wait on me and all these ornaments thou seest me wearing. On a certain day he set out for one of his provinces, and the Lady Zubaydah came to one of the slave girls in my service and said to her, ‘I have something to require of thee.’ ‘What is it, O my lady?’ asked she and the Caliph’s wife answered, ‘When thy mistress Kút al-Kulúb is asleep, put this piece of Bhang into her nostrils or drop it into her drink, and thou shalt have of me as much money as will satisfy thee.’ ‘With love and gladness;’ replied the girl and took the Bhang from her, being a glad woman because of the money and because aforetime she had been one of Zubaydah’s slaves. So she put the Bhang in my drink, and when it was night drank, and the drug had no sooner settled in my stomach than I fell to the ground, my head touching my feet, and knew naught of my life but that I was in another world. When her device succeeded, she bade put me in this chest, and secretly brought in the slaves and the doorkeepers and bribed them; and, on the night when thou wast perched upon the date tree, she sent the blacks to do with me as thou sawest. So my delivery was at thy hands, and thou broughtest me to this house and hast entreated me honourably and with thy kindest. This is my story, and I wot not what is become of the Caliph during my absence. Know then my condition and divulge not my case.” 

When Ghanim heard her words and knew that she was a concubine of the Caliph, he drew back, for awe of the Caliphate beset him, and sat apart from her in one of the corners of the place, blaming himself and brooding over his affair and patiencing his heart bewildered for love of one he could not possess. Then he wept for excess of longing, and plained him of Fortune and her injuries, and the world and its enmities (and praise be to Him who causeth generous hearts to be troubled with love and the beloved, and who endoweth not the minds of the mean and miserly with so much of it as eveneth a grain-weight!). So he began repeating,

“The lover’s heart for his beloved must meet
Sad pain, and from her charms bear sore defeat: 
What is Love’s taste? They asked and answered I,
Sweet is the taste but ah! ‘tis bitter sweet.”

Thereupon Kút al-Kulúb arose and took him to her bosom and kissed him; for the love of him was firm fixed in her heart, so that she disclosed to him her secret and all the affection she felt; and, throwing her arms round Ghanim’s neck like a collar of pearls, kissed him again and yet again. But he held off from her in awe of the Caliph. Then they talked together a long while (and indeed both were drowned in the sea of their mutual love); and, as the day broke, Ghanim rose and donned his clothes and going to the bazar, as was his wont, took what the occasion required and returned home. 

He found her weeping; but when she saw him she checked herself and, smiling through her tears, said, “Thou hast desolated me, O beloved of my heart. By Allah, this hour of absence hath been to me like a year! I have explained to thee my condition in the excess of my eager love for thee; so come now near me, and forget the past and have thy will of me.” 

But he interrupted her crying, “I seek refuge with Allah! This thing may never be. How shall the dog sit in the lion’s stead? What is the lord’s is unlawful to the slave!” 

So he withdrew from her, and sat down on a corner of the mat. Her passion for him increased with his forbearance; so she seated herself by his side and caroused and played with him, till the two were flushed with wine, and she was mad for her own dishonour. Then she sang these verses,

“The lover’s heart is like to break in twain:
Till when these coy denials ah! till when?
O thou who fliest me sans fault of mine,
Gazelles are wont at times prove tame to men: 
Absence, aversion, distance and disdain,
How shall young lover all these ills sustain?”

Thereupon Ghanim wept and she wept at his weeping, and they ceased not drinking till nightfall, when he rose and spread two beds, each in its place. 

“For whom is this second bed?” asked she, and he answered her, “One is for me and the other is for thee: from this night forth we must not sleep save thus, for that which is the lord’s is unlawful to the thrall.” 

“O my master!” cried she, “let us have done with this, for all things come to pass by Fate and Fortune.” 

But he refused, and the fire was lighted in her heart and, as her longing waxed fiercer, she clung to him and cried, “By Allah, we will not sleep save side by side!” 

“Allah forefend!” he replied and prevailed against her and lay apart till the morning, when love and longing redoubled on her and distraction and eager thirst of passion. They abode after this fashion three full told months, which were long and longsome indeed, and every time she made advances to him, he would refuse himself and say, “Whatever belongeth to the master is unlawful to the man.” 

Now when time waxed tiresome and tedious to her and anguish and distress grew on her, she burst out from her oppressed heart with these verses,

“How long, rare beauty! wilt do wrong to me?
Who was it bade thee not belong to me?
With outer charms thou weddest inner grace
Comprising every point of piquancy: 
Passion thou hast infused in every heart,
From eyelids driven sleep by deputy: 
Erst was (I wet) the spray made thin of leaf.
O Cassia spray! Unlief thy sin I see: 
The hart erst hunted I: how is’t I spy
The hunter hunted (fair my hart!) by thee?
Wondrouser still I tell thee aye that I
Am trapped while never up to trap thou be!
Ne’er grant my prayer! For if I grudge thyself
To thee, I grudge my me more jealously
And cry so long as life belong to me,
Rare beauty how, how long this wrong to me?”

They abode in this state a long time, and fear kept Ghanim aloof from her. So far concerning these two; but as regards the Lady Zubaydah, when, in the Caliph’s absence she had done this deed by Kút al-Kulúb she became perplexed, saying to herself, “What shall I tell my cousin when he comes back and asks for her? What possible answer can I make to him?” 

Then she called an old woman, who was about her and discovered her secret to her saying, “How shall I act seeing that Kút al-Kulúb died by such untimely death?” 

“O my lady,” quoth the old crone, “the time of the Caliph’s return is near; so do thou send for a carpenter and bid him make thee a figure of wood in the form of a corpse. We will dig a grave for it midmost the palace and there bury it: then do thou build an oratory over it and set therein lighted candles and lamps, and order each and every in the palace to be clad in black. Furthermore command thy handmaids and eunuchs as soon as they know of the Caliph’s returning from his journey, to spread straw over the vestibule floors and, when the Commander of the Faithful enters and asks what is the matter, let them say: — Kút al-Kulúb is dead, and may Allah abundantly compensate thee for the loss of her!; and, for the high esteem in which she was held of our mistress, she hath buried her in her own palace. When he hears this he will weep and it shall be grievous to him; then will he cause perfections of the Koran to be made for her and he will watch by night at her tomb. Should he say to himself, ‘Verily Zubaydah, the daughter of my uncle, hath compassed in her jealousy the death of Kút al-Kulúb’; or, if love longing overcome him and he bid her be taken out of her tomb, fear thou not; for when they dig down and come to the image in human shape he will see it shrouded in costly grave clothes; and, if he wish to take off the winding sheet that he may look upon her, do thou forbid him or let some other forbid him, saying, ‘The sight of her nakedness is unlawful.’ The fear of the world to come will restrain him and he will believe that she is dead and will restore the figure to its place and thank thee for thy doings; and thus thou shalt escape, please Almighty Allah, from this slough of despond.” 

When the Lady Zubaydah heard her words, she commended the counsel and gave her a dress of honour and a large sum of money, ordering her to do all she had said. So the old woman set about the business forthright and bade the carpenter make her the afore said image; and, as soon as it was finished, she brought it to the Lady Zubaydah, who shrouded it and buried it and built a sepulchre over it, wherein they lighted candles and lamps, and laid down carpets about the tomb. Moreover she put on black and she spread abroad in the Harim that Kút al-Kulúb was dead. 

After a time the Caliph returned from his journey and went up to the palace, thinking only of Kút al-Kulúb. He saw all the pages and eunuchs and handmaids habited in black, at which his heart fluttered with extreme fear; and, when he went in to the Lady Zubaydah, he found her also garbed in black. So he asked the cause of this and they gave him tidings of the death of Kút al-Kulúb, whereon he fell a-swooning. 

As soon as he came to himself, he asked for her tomb, and the Lady Zubaydah said to him, “Know, O Prince of the Faithful, that for especial honour I have buried her in my own palace.” 

Then he repaired in his travelling garb to the tomb that he might wail over her, and found the carpets spread and the candles and lamps lighted. When he saw this, he thanked Zubaydah for her good deed and abode perplexed, halting between belief and unbelief till at last suspicion overcame him and he gave order to open the grave and take out the body. When he saw the shroud and would have removed it to look upon her, the fear of Allah Almighty restrained him, and the old woman (taking advantage of the delay) said, “Restore her to her place.” 

Then he sent at once for Fakirs and Koran readers, and caused perfections to be made over her tomb and sat by the side of the grave, weeping till he fainted; and he continued to frequent the tomb and sit there for a whole month, — And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.

When it was the Forty-second Night,

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK



CUT by Rob Bliss

Chapter Thirty-One 

“Dear Diary,

I keep my enemies close, and my co-stars closer. And Daryll’s heart beats with mine. I don’t want to hurt her, but she disobeys the rules sometimes, and the rules are set in stone. An airplane is taking her away from me, toward the leech of my fame. A lesson must be taught, must be learned by the disobedient. If they choose to send her off to periphery characters in my drama, then I’ll learn from them. Attack the body and the head is useless. 

The stars are my messengers, and it is finally time to put them to good use. The North House is humming, waiting for the command to fire. I have enough co-stars, enough material to put on a good show, so why wait longer? Perfect timing, as always, to bring Daryll back home. The nations of the world unite and I unite with them. July First weekend, my independence day. All eyes to watch my rocket’s red glare. Action!

The first rays of my electromagnetic starlight went out this evening, the satellite dish in this mountain Montana backyard triangulated with the dish at the South House and Auntie’s dish (poor Auntie, I miss her). Three sources to clog the trackers. When they ask where the signal is coming from, the answer will be America. The entire country is sending up the rays of sunlight to shine them back on itself. Three dishes make a heavy meal. The signal is so strong that neither the biggest television corporation nor the government nor the military will be able to interrupt the broadcast. 

Concerning Daryll’s ailment, I’m only using a thin thread of its web to puppeteer her. Anything stronger and the molecular robots with multiply into a body-sized tumour overnight. Too soon for that. Only a little extra voltage for her cohorts, her contacts, her leeches. Up the voltage and the smallest cough, the slightest handshake will result in physical Armageddon. It’s why I had to punish her after I saw her at the Bitch’s home. A slow bruise so she wouldn’t assume our meeting caused it, yet enough of a mark for her to see what I can do. So she better stick to the chosen path. (Of course, I could’ve ended the game right then and there, but where’s the fun in that? I would be proclaimed the easy winner, but then the game still ends. I’m more of a sportswoman than that.) 

Let me tell you, Diary, the details of my broadcast Premiere.”

***

Cynthia Maxwell had just come home from pulling a twelve-hour shift at the Hallmark store in the Pinecrest Mall. Amanda phoned in sick and Cynthia couldn’t get anyone else in soon enough to cover for her, so she had to stay on until the mall closed. She heard every excuse in the book from her teenage employees who would rather smoke pot or get drunk than come to work. Studying for a surprise test the next day was the standard one. The world seemed constantly without mercy. Her daughter had disappeared six months ago and each of her employees reminded her of Ashley. She had to retreat into the backroom so many times throughout a standard eight-hour shift. Before the door closed her away from the store’s patrons, she was in tears. She tried to keep her sobs quiet, wiping away each tear as soon as it emerged from her eyes, hoping to stop it before it stained her face and left its red dye on her eyelids. People could tell she had been crying. She kicked herself over worrying about what other people thought.
 
Her co-workers knew what had happened, and they tiptoed their words around Cynthia, afraid that any little thing would upset her. The police had never found Ashley, and sounded as though they were giving up hope, even when they said the hunt was still on. Cynthia knew she had to presume her daughter was dead. She was a rebellious kid, but not to that extent. She’d stay out late, or all night sometimes, but never for this long. Cynthia made herself go to work to feel normal. The weekend was just starting, but she could’ve used more than a couple of days off.
 
She fought the traffic the whole way home, almost rear-ending a few cars as her mind drifted, as it often did these days. She was exhausted. She gazed over at the lights of D.C. across the Potomac River and wanted to blame every bureaucrat in that city for not finding her daughter. If I had re-married, she thought to herself, maybe Ashley would be home. But she knew that was not a convincing argument to explain the hell she’d been through. She tried with Ashley after Jonathan had left, tried to discipline her and raise her to be a good kid. But Ashley was like her father, going her own way when she wanted to. And now her daughter was gone, missing, probably never to come back. She had to pull the car over for a few minutes to let the tears free.

When she made it home, she checked her messages before even taking off her shoes or coat. This was the routine now. She hoped every day that the answering machine would have a miracle waiting for her, but it always disappointed. The sudden energy she had rushing to the machine was lost now, and she felt like collapsing on the couch and never moving. Maybe she could call in sick tomorrow. The manager of the store has better things to do too.

She had developed a slight case of alcoholism since Ashley never came home. Cynthia made herself a screwdriver, heavy on the vodka, sat down on the couch and flicked the TV on. She didn’t eat much anymore. When the pains in her stomach became too unbearable from hunger, she would nibble on a muffin or a piece of cheese until the pain went away. The rest of her stomach would be filled with vodka and orange juice.

She took cigarettes out of her purse and lit one. She hadn’t smoked in almost twenty years. The last cigarette she had was when she found out, at nineteen, that she was pregnant. She threw away her addiction for the sake of her unborn child. Now, with that child gone, she resumed the habit.

She watched the local news for half an hour, another habit she started. It was like a second answering machine—would it deliver a miracle and tell her where her daughter was? Not today. She flipped some more, but hated the sound of the human voice. Each sitcom character, every news anchor irritated her. They seemed too happy for real life. She stopped at an entertainment news show, detailing what Hollywood’s biggest stars were doing in their off-time. Cynthia didn’t care. Did any of them have a missing daughter? Did any of them have a shitty job, or make lousy money to deal with idiotic brats for eight hours every day? One day as a movie star would be nice, she thought. Every American should be granted one day of fame in their lives. It would make getting old more bearable.

Suddenly the picture broke, showing a subterranean concrete wall instead of a Beverly Hills swimming pool. A half-naked girl was dangling by her wrists from chains hanging from the ceiling. She was young, with blonde hair like Cynthia’s, and dressed in black leather S&M gear. She was being tortured by another woman dressed in the same kind of outfit, with a black mask covering her face. Cynthia had heard about these kinds of things happening once in a while. Someone flicks the wrong switch at the TV station and a porn movie comes on. But this was more than a porn movie. This looked like snuff.
 
The hanging girl had been beaten badly, her eyes blackened and her cheeks bruised. The red ball in her mouth was removed for the girl to scream, but only music came out. Cynthia knew the tune sounded familiar but she couldn’t place it at first. Then it came to her. As the masked girl drew a lipstick smile across the dangling girl’s mouth, Cynthia recognized the song: “Put On A Happy Face”. Cynthia was revolted, but couldn’t stop watching.

What she saw next had to be fake. The masked woman made to kiss the girl, but kept her mouth over the girl’s mouth as the girl struggled and kicked. When the masked woman pulled away, the girl’s tongue was gone and blood poured from her mouth. The woman had the girl’s tongue between her teeth and was flicking it at the camera. Cynthia made a grimace of disgust and figured someone at the TV station was definitely getting fired for this tomorrow.

Then the tongue disappeared into the tortured girl’s vagina as she hung limply on the chains, perhaps dead. Or acting like it anyway. What the hell was this? Somebody at the station is probably pissed off with their boss and wants to get fired. This would definitely do it. Cynthia wished she could quit her job, but then she’d go from a rock to a hard place. Child-support payments didn’t do a lot of supporting.

What happened next was a feat of special effects. The dangling girl’s breasts were sliced off with a long curved knife. The blood looked real, as did the breasts. But everything was fake if it was on TV. Or mostly everything. If this was one of those ‘real-life’ shows, it was a little too real. The masked woman pressed the sliced breasts to her chest in a macabre pantomime, then bit off each nipple. Held them on the tip of her tongue, then swallowed.

Taking her eyes off the horror of the scene for a few seconds, Cynthia looked at the girl who was pretending to be dead. She looked very familiar. She got off the couch and crawled up close to the TV. That girl looked a hell of a lot like. . . .

Cynthia went back to the couch, keeping her eyes on the girl. The masked woman was kicking the girl with stiletto heels, poking holes in her stomach and abdomen. She leaned all her weight on the dead girl and pulled one of the girl’s manacled hands literally off the rest of her arm. The girl’s other hand slipped out and her lifeless body fell to the floor. This was one hell of an acting job. The special effects were very good. Cynthia kept her eyes on the dead girl, thinking again and again that she was so familiar, but unable to admit to herself whom she thought it was. 

Sickly, the masked woman whipped the other girl, splitting her clothes open, splitting her back. How could that girl possibly be still alive, raising herself up on her hands and knees? This was so fake, Cynthia told herself. The girl was trying to ward off the woman’s kicks, the stump of her arms splashing them both with fake blood.

The torturing woman had her behind pointed toward the camera, thrusting her pelvis into the girl’s face. Then she moved her ‘victim’ around to face the wall, and squatted down with the knife behind the girl. She finished whatever she was doing, and moved around to hold the girl’s body still. The words “Sam I Am” were carved into the girl’s flesh. She quaked and shivered with pain, but the woman held her steady. With the knife in her hand, the woman swung her arm high and down, sticking the blade into the girl’s back. She walked away. The girl slumped to the floor, wrapping herself into a ball while she died. Facing the camera as it zoomed in.

Cynthia looked into the girl’s eyes and froze. Her hands began to tremble. The dying girl’s mouth was open, her face red, veins raised on her forehead as she screamed silently, the music still playing. Cynthia was silent. Adrenaline poured into her veins and her heart punched against her ribcage. She turned white and felt her lungs expand. A scream rose from deep within her and shook the walls of her tiny apartment. This was not television—it was real. She watched Ashley being tortured and killed in front of her. 
 
She couldn’t look at the television anymore as the regular program returned. A teenage Hollywood starlet, wearing a nine-hundred-dollar dress, puckered her lips for the admiring audience.

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK



THE CAVES OF MARS by Gregory KH Bryant

Chapter 35: The Empress Speaks

Those below us were stunned to silence.
	
They stared, dumbfounded, at the Empress, her skin gleaming golden in the morning light.
	
That murderous rage so keenly fixed upon the slavers and the bandits, only fleeting instants before, was instantly confounded.
	
Confusion swept the crowd.
	
The countless questions racing through their minds were palpable.
	
The Empress? Here? Among us? She, of whom so many rumours had been spoken? Of whom so many lies had been told? She was here? Among us?
	
I could see that the people in the crowd did not know how to react. As some among them groped from their confusion, their faces turned to scowls.
	
This was the Empress? She? She, the one who had first abolished slavery, and then brought it back tenfold?
	
Others among them recalled to mind those days, long past, when she made the tour of her Empire, carried upon her golden bier. Many were the public acts of both benevolence and proper justice, vividly remembered by those who had witnessed them. How could she, the Empress who had performed such acts, be guilty of the crimes against the people, of which rumour had spoken?
	
Jamarra remained silent. Having made her demand, “Do you know your Empress?” she waited, unspeaking, to hear the answer.
	
Subtle murmurs, like wafting murmurations, winged through the crowd. Not words, but sounds, sighs and whimpers, exhalations and moans. Looking down upon those massed faces, I saw each glancing uncertainly, each to the others, unsure how to respond, and seeking guidance from their fellows.
	
A crowd is both a collection of individuals, and an individual thing, of itself, with a mind of its own above and apart from the individuals who compose it. It can coalesce upon a point, turning in this direction, or that, its mind coming to a single conclusion, and all upon a single event.
	
And as the mind of the crowd struggled between confusion and anger, between directing its vengeance on the slavers and the bandits, or upon the person of the Empress herself, that single, and singular, event happened.
	
The caravan master stood beside the group of us, looking upward to Jamarra standing over us all, upon the bench. Azora leaned over the bench, her head against mine, where I sat, half-sprawling and bleeding through my bandages, and Lodor, who stood several paces away.
	
Without any warning, the caravan master threw himself to the deck, prostrating himself before Jamarra. He proclaimed loudly, in a voice that sliced suddenly through the heavy, murmuring silence that had overtaken us all at her bold announcement, he cried out, “Oh! My Empress. I beg you! Forgive your subject! I did not know you!”
	
He grovelled on the deck under her feet. Reminded of his manners, Lodor, in plain view of the crowd below us, also lowered himself to his knees, and he bowed his head to the Empress.
	
I glanced down at the crowd below, to see how they responded. My eye fell upon Durkh, still mounted upon his qyut, guarding the captured slavers. Beside him was Ayjar, his head still wrapped in a thick and blood-stained bandage.
	
Durkh’s face was a picture I shall never forget.
	
His mouth dropped open with astonishment, and his eyes grew wide. Yes, he recognized Jamarra. He glanced to me, puzzled, then back again to Jamarra.
	
Wordlessly, he lowered his head, and I watched with growing satisfaction as he dismounted his qyut, and then kneeled upon the ground beside it. Ayjar silently followed the lead of his lieutenant, and then so did all the other members of our warrior guard.
	
And with that cue, people in the crowd followed likewise. They lowered themselves to their knees, or, in some cases, they lay themselves flat upon the trampled, bloodied ground.
	
But not all.
	
Some among them stood defiantly. Others stood hesitantly, not knowing which way their allegiance should lie.
	
“We battled the slavers!” came a shout from the crowd. “We fought them, and we beat them! We beat them down! Death to the slavers!”
	
That shouted call was taken up by some few others.
	
“Death! Death! Death! Death to the slavers!”

For a moment I feared things would turn ugly. Some very wrathful faces were turned upward, back toward Jamarra.

Without a word, Jamarra raised her hand high above her head. The folds of her purple gown dropped from her arm, revealing her golden skin gleaming against a deepening lavender sky. 
	
Clenched in her hand was the knife with which she had cut the life from many men this long night of battle. The knife was stained and darkened with the blood of her countless enemies.
	
All paused to look upon her and to comprehend what their eyes were presenting to them.
	
Seeing that all eyes were upon her, Jamarra spoke. Her voice rang loud across the Ochre Plains, under the pink and lilac skies of morning that were burning away the shadows of the night.

“And our subjects have done well this night,” she pronounced.

All paused to hear her.

“Our subjects have rightly defeated this enemy. And these slavers shall be rightly punished. But that punishment is for us, your Empress, to mete out.

“This senseless slaughter among our subjects shall cease. Now. This moment. No more! No more today. Our subjects have been victorious. We are pleased with the valour of our subjects! And that is sufficient for now. 

“For now, your Empress bids her subjects, look first to your wounded. It is those who are hurt who most warrant your comforts, your attentions upon this instant. Tend to them, cauterize and bind their wounds. Your sons, your daughters, your brothers and sisters, those slain and wounded and bloodied, this long night of battle, they are those who most merit your attentions, those you love, not those you hate.

“And then, your Empress commands you, having attended to the wounded living, your Empress instructs you, her subjects, to attend to their honoured dead. Bind the wounds of the living, and build a pyre for those of you, your kindred and your fellows, they who have given their fullest measure, this night of battle and blood.

“We bid our subjects to gather their honoured, their fallen dead. We bid our subjects to bring them here, to this place. Our subjects shall build a pyre to honour them. A great pyre, one of which the flames of that pyre shall reach to the very clouds in the skies above, and the light of those flames shall shine a beacon from the city of Mar’gholis to the Golden City of D’ar. Those flames shall shine a light across all of U’myr Chasma.

“But we are not done. We bid our subjects further to gather stones from across the Ochre Plains, and from the hills to the north, and from the shores of the Silken Sea. With these stones piling high, our subjects shall build a cairn, a monument to those who gave their fullest here this night, a monument that shall stand for ages to come.
	
Her words cut through the crowd. Faces softened as the people below us turned their thoughts from bloody revenge to grieving their dead, and then caring for their families, and their friends.
	
I was riveted by the cunning of Jamarra’s impassioned and impromptu oration, by how deftly and masterfully she manipulated the mind of the crowd.
	
From maddened and murderous rage, she had deftly turned the mind of the crowd, and all those people who composed it, to the singular grieving, each of their beloved dead. With their grief in mind, no other thought could possibly intrude, except that thought imposed upon them by the orator.
	
“But be of no uncertainty,” she continued. “These slavers shall be punished, and their punishment shall be certain, severe, swift, and just.”
	
Now she glared directly down at the few hundred or so men, the slavers and the bandits who had conspired with them, all gathered together in a battered group. She turned her attention to them, and addressed them directly. They all squatted, kneeling upon the ground, many with their arms bound behind their backs.
	
The golden hues of her complexion smouldered upon her face and her exposed arm (for still she held her bloody knife aloft. The point of it gleamed in the morning sun). Her complexion grew darker, smoking with a brewing fury, sepia and ruby chased each other upon her features, and it seemed almost if she were aflame. Azora, still leaning over the bench, with her head leaning next to mine, buried her face into my shoulder.
	
Indeed, it grew painful to look upon Jamarra now, as she considered the captured slavers below her.
	
From where I sprawled, at her feet and looking upward into her face, the morning sun was rising just above the horizon behind her, and I was hard put to it to decide which it was more painful to the eye to look upon. At last, I was forced to hold my hand up before my eyes to dispel the burning rage that blazed from Jamarra. Yet still I watched, for I wondered at the transformation of this woman to some spectral almost more than human.
	
“Who gave you leave?” she demanded, oh-so-heavily, so portentously, of the slavers.
	
Her voice menaced, like a heavy storm cloud hanging gravid and low in the sky. Her use of the familiar ‘you’ shocked the crowd. Pitiable murmurs and wails rose from the people.
	
“Who gave you leave to treat my subjects in this foul manner? Not your Empress! You have heard her decrees, and you know her will.”
	
Jamarra paused, and she glared at the captured slave traders. Slowly she lowered the knife until it pointed menacingly at them.
	
“We are aware of the lies that have been uttered in our name. We are cognizant, even, of the slanders that have been spoken against your Empress. And we have moved among our subjects, all unknown to them, to learn, of our own knowledge, who it is who exploits her people, who among them it is who flouts her commands upon the vaporous authority of rumour and hearsay.
	
“And we have discovered, of our own eyes, of our own observance, who it is who is faithful to the Empress. And we have learned of our own knowledge, who it is who betrays the trust of the Empire. We know, of our own knowledge, those who claim to be masters of the Empress’s own subjects.
	
“And this night we have permitted our subjects to throw off the shackles of illegitimate bondage, and to do it of their own accord, of their own power, of their own might.
	
“We have permitted this, that our subjects should act upon their own authority, for freedom given as a gift is not freedom at all. Such freedom is but only one bondage, a bondage of benevolence, accepted in exchange for the bondage of tyranny. The Empress’s subjects have thrown off the slave masters, of their own will, and as free people, they are free to offer their allegiance to her freely.
	
“And that is only right.
	
“The slave traders shall be punished,” she pronounced. “Hear our judgment.”
	
Jamarra paused, to let the weight of her words settle upon the crowd. The silence was leaden, deadly. Only a few in the crowd ventured tremulously to look up at us, and then, only for but an instant. They threw their faces quickly down again, upon seeing Jamarra’s fury.
	
“The slave traders shall this day gather up the bodies of their dead,” she intoned, at last, and place them in a mound far from the pyre our honoured subjects build for their own. The slave traders and their foul allies shall not be permitted to burn their kin with the honoured dead among us, those who gave their fullest measure and spilled the last of their life blood upon the Ochre Plains, to throw off their tyranny. No. Nor shall they be permitted to inter them in the earth, nor build a monument to them.
	
“The dead of the slave traders shall be left to moulder under the sun, until they rot to dust scattered by the wind, that the wretched sight and the stench raised by their putrid corpses shall serve as warning to all those who pass it by or hear rumour of it. By this foul and obscene monument of rotting flesh, all shall know that the Empress is not to be defied. 
	
“That shall be the last task these criminals shall carry out with the privilege of two hands. Once they have raised this mound of the mouldering dead, the slave traders and their foul allies shall suffer the loss of their right hands, to be removed by the cut of a sword. By this mark, they shall never forget, nor shall those who meet them ever after forget, the dishonourable deeds they had wrought. 

“Next,” Jamarra continued, “They have already surrendered their weapons and their mounts. They shall afterwards surrender all their clothing, too, that they return to their homes naked, naked as babes newly born. And as babes newly born, and cleansed of the stains of their crimes, they may begin a new life, sharing the joys of family and community, which they denied to others.
	
“And this act shall remind them, and all who see them, of the mercy of the Empress, and they shall be grateful for that mercy. For the Empress permits them to live, though they have insulted her. The mercy of the Empress is infinite, as is her patience, and her naked, grateful subjects shall make her mercy known to all they meet.”
	
Murmurings of approval wafted through the crowd.
	
I had wondered before at the skill with which Jamarra manipulated the passions of the passionate crowd. Now I was but dumbfounded.
	
She had moved among her subjects, freely, and by her choice, all unknown to them? Oh, how artfully she had turned the truth to her own ends. Without uttering a single untruth, she had yet made it appear that there was nothing involuntary about her absence from D’ar! No! And in this subtle way the people who heard her were led to understand that the Empress had the power to move among them, freely and all anonymously, perhaps like some strange wraith?
	
And further, Jamarra had ‘permitted them to throw off the shackles of illegitimate bondage’? Oh! How sly! She gave the people leave to act upon their own? How deftly, how cunningly, she both claimed and disclaimed sole honour for this battle and the victory of it. The subtlety of her oratory, the audacity of it staggered me.

And it seemed to be working. That was the wonder of it to me. It seemed to be working.

The maddened crowd, filled with battle and bloodlust, was ready to turn its instant wrath upon any object, first upon the slavers and the bandits, and then upon any others who offered themselves as targets of their rage.

And Jamarra stood up among, and above, the people. By alternately manipulating their wrath, their grief and their pity, she grabbed hold of their passions and directed them all to her own ends. With her oratory that morning, she had made all those in that crowd her own people.

From confused wrath, she had brought them with masterful eloquence to see that she was of the people, and she was for the people. She saw their trials through their eyes, meted out justice that was firm but fair, with a right proportion of brutality to satisfy their bloodlust, but tempered with sufficient mercy to assuage their conscience.

Jamarra dropped her arm to her side. She stood plainly before the people now, in an unpretentious pose, her chin yet high, and letting the bloodied knife fall from her fingers to the deck. It glittered in the morning sun as it fell.

“We bid our free subjects to rise to their feet,” she said to them. “Our free subjects have merited that honour, this night. They may stand in the presence of their Empress this morning. As the sun rises in the east, so the Empress’s subjects may rise before her, upon this morning. They may look upon her face. In the name of those who have sacrificed all, that their kindred may live free, your Empress bids her free subjects to rise.”

That did it.

The crowd of people below us, all riven with conflicting passions, murderous rage and heartbroken grief, mercy and fear, they were all instantly united. That privilege conferred upon them, of looking upon the Empress, of standing in her presence, as the sun might stand upon the horizon, made many of them love her at that moment, I believe.

They rose. Some rose hesitantly, looking to their fellows back and forth, fleetingly, seeking confirmation from their fellows. Some rose proudly, as I saw Durkh and many of the Ellimoni do. They looked up at us, their chins elevated and haughty, and their eyes shone with powerful emotions in that morning light.

“To all our subjects who have done battle and freed themselves from the slavery imposed upon them, your Empress declares it to you now, you are free to go where you will. Your Empress shall not hold her subjects against their own wishes. Her subjects are free people. Have they homes, they may return to those homes without an instant needless delay. Have they families, they may return to those families. Her subjects are free people.

Murmurs ran through the crowd.

Jamarra listened to those murmurs for a moment, carefully appraising their tone. Her smile was thin and distant. Her complexion had softened from burning gold to now a soft amber. The sun burned low in a pink sky.

“Lies have been told of us,” she said. “We know of these lies. The Empress’s subjects know of them. In the Golden City of D’ar, these lies have been told, and they have spread throughout the Empire.”

The murmuring in the crowd rose.
	
“We know of this, and we know of these lies. And we know of the bad faith of those who slandered us.”
	
She paused with a potent silence, to let the impact of her words settle in. With a measured and a slow cadence, she picked up again.
	
“We now go to the Golden City. We return to D’ar to confront the birthplace of lies. We go to D’ar, to confront the heart of lies.”
	
She spoke with a seductive rhythm, and I saw as the people below us began to sway with the rhythm of her words. Jamarra saw it too. I saw her smile.
	
“It was these lies that brought confusion to our subjects. It was these foul slanders that had our subjects confounding the good for the bad, and the bad for the good.”
	
More murmurs from the crowd, growing bolder. Dare they speak in her presence, too?
	
Jamarra nodded her head, turning it to the left, and to the right, that she might look upon each and all of her subjects. She smiled. Their murmurings grew more confident.
	
“We go to D’ar,” Jamarra said again. “Our fellows who have escorted us, in whom we have entrusted the person of the Empress,” she indicated Azora with a sweeping motion of her hand. “We go to D’ar.
	
“Azora of Taakbar,” Jamarra declared, introducing her.
	
Azora rose. Then, at a silent signal from Jamarra, she climbed upon the bench and stood beside the Empress.
	
The people below us, seeing Azora’s nearly naked beauty, as well as the many bloodied cuts she’d received in the battle, gave voice to their approval.
	
Then, gesturing to me, Jamarra proclaimed, “Grae-don of Pella’mir.”
	
And, with a pointed glance at me accompanied with a slight elevation of her chin, Jamarra signalled me to rise, as well.
	
In huge pain, I struggled to my feet and mounted the bench next to Jamarra. With Azora to her left, and me standing to her right, the three of us stood high above the crowd, that they might see us.
	
The throng below us raised a massive cheer.
	
“And Lodor,” Jamarra pronounced one last time, “He, of the Golden City.”
	
Lodor, hugely surprised, but, with the presence of mind of a practiced courtier, shrewd enough to hide his surprise, took three steps toward us, and stood, at last, to my right. He did not mount the bench, but stood upon the deck, with his head somewhat bowed.
	
“We go to D’ar,” Jamarra proclaimed. “To confront the heart of lies. To destroy those who slandered our throne. We go to D’ar to bring ruin upon our enemies.
	
The crowd rushed ahead of her.
	
“To D’ar!” came the shouted calls. First in one place among the throng below us, and then another. “To D’ar!” More people in the crowd picked up the call, repeating it, and hurling the cry into the sky.
	
“To D’ar! To D’ar!”
	
It became a chant, growing louder and ever yet louder.
	
Jamarra allowed the chant to resound through the crowded throng below us. She looked upon the people as they raised their fists into the air and stamped upon the ground.
	
“To D’ar! To D’ar!”
	
The chanting rose, and then it fell away. Silence came over all of us.
	
Again, Jamarra looked over the crowd. With a sidelong glance, I saw that she caught the eye of many in that throng. She held the gaze of first this person, and then that, for a moment or two, as if in silent communion. Sometimes she gave her head a slight bow, as if to acknowledge some unspoken words uttered between them in that glance, and then her eyes moved on to another.
	
The people with whom she communed in this manner were most deeply affected, and many fell, overwhelmed to their knees, and almost swooning from that intimacy Jamarra had vouchsafed them of that moment.
	
At last, satisfied with her silent communion with her subjects, Jamarra spoke again.
	
“The Empress will entertain your supplications,” Jamarra said. “She will give consideration to every application. Those who seek to accompany us to D’ar, and who are fit, we shall gladly abide their company.
	
“But there are those among our subjects who may better serve the Empress, and our shared Empire, by returning to their homes. There they shall speak the truth to all they encounter, they shall reply to the foul slanders that have been spoken against her – and, by extension, against the very Empire itself.
	
“They shall give notice that the Empress demands the freedom of all her subjects. They shall give notice that the Empress shall justly punish all those who vainly seek to thwart her righteousness. These, of her subjects shall give notice to all that she, your Empress marches upon the Golden City herself, and she shall put an end to those slanders that have been spoken. She marches upon D’ar to demand an accounting. She marches upon D’ar to bring death to all those who conspired against her Empire.”
	
The throng below us burst into an ear-splitting roar.
	
“To D’ar!” they chanted.
	
“To D’ar! Death to the slavers! Death to the liars! To D’ar! To D’ar!”
	
CONTINUES NEXT WEEK




THE AIRLORDS OF HAN by Philip Francis Nowlan

CHAPTER XI: The Forest Men Attack

MANY times during the months I remained prisoner among the Hans I had tried to develop a plan of escape, but could conceive of nothing which seemed to have any reasonable chance of success.

While I was allowed almost complete freedom within the confines of the city, and sometimes was permitted to visit even the military outposts and disintegrator ray batteries in the surrounding mountains, I was never without a guard of at least five men under the command of an officer. These men were picked soldiers, and they were armed with powerful though short-range disintegrator-ray pistols, capable of annihilating anything within a hundred feet. Their vigilance never relaxed. The officer on duty kept constantly at my side, or a couple of paces behind me, while certain of the others were under strict orders never to approach within my reach, nor to get more than forty feet away from me. The thought occurred to me once to seize the officer at my side and use him as a shield, until I found that the guard were under orders to destroy both of us in such a case.

So in this fashion I roamed the city corridors, wherever I wished. I visited the great factories at the bottom of the shafts that led to the base of the mountain, where, unattended by any mechanics, great turbines whirred and moaned, giant pistons plunged back and forth, and immense systems of chemical vats, piping and converters, automatically performed their functions with the assistance of no human hand, but under the minute television inspection of many perfumed dandies reclining at their ease before viewplates in their apartment offices in the city, that clung to the mountain peak far above.

There were just two restrictions on my freedom of movement. I was allowed nowhere near the power-broadcasting station on the peak, nor the complement of it which was buried three miles below the base of the mountain. And I was never allowed to approach within a hundred feet of any disintegrator ray machine when I visited the military outposts in the surrounding mountains.

I first noticed the “escape tunnels” one day when I had descended to the lowest level of all, the location of the Electronic Plant, where machines, known as “reverse disintegrators,” fed with earth and crushed rock by automatic conveyors, subjected this material to the disintegrator ray, held the released electrons captive within their magnetic fields and slowly refashioned them into supplies of metals and other desired elements.

My attention was attracted to the tunnels by the unusual fact that men were busily entering and leaving them. Almost the entire repair force seemed to be concentrated here. Stocky, muscular men they were, with the same modified Oriental countenances as the rest of the Hans, but with a certain ruggedness about them that was lacking in the rest of the indolent population. They sweated as they laboured over the construction of magnetic cars evidently designed to travel down these tunnels, automatically laying pipe lines for ventilation and temperature control. The tunnels themselves appeared to have been driven with disintegrator rays, which could bore rapidly through the solid rock, forming glassy iridescent walls as they bored, and involving no problem of debris removal.

________________________________________

I ASKED San-Lan about it the next time I saw him, for the officer of my guard would give me no information.

The supreme ruler of the Hans smiled mockingly.

“There is no reason why you should not know their purpose,” he said, “for you will never be able to stop our use of them. These tunnels constitute the road to a new Han era. Your forest men have turned our cities into traps, but they have not trapped our minds and our powers over Nature. We are masters still; masters of the world, and of the forest men.

“You have revolutionized the tactics of warfare with your explosive rockets and your strategy of fighting from concealed positions, miles away, where we cannot find you with our beams. You have driven our ships from the air, and you may destroy our cities. But we shall be gone.

“Down these tunnels we shall depart to our new cities, deep underground, and scattered far and wide through the mountains. They are nearly completed now.

“You will never blast us out of these, even with your most powerful explosives, because they will be more difficult for you to find than it is for us to locate a forest gunner somewhere beneath his leafy screen of miles of trees, and because they will be too far underground.”

“But,” I objected, “Man cannot live and flourish like a mole continually removed from the light of day, without the health-giving rays of the sun, which man needs.”

“No?” San-Lan jeered. “Wild tribesmen might not be able to, but we are a civilization. We shall make our own sunlight to order in the bowels of the earth. If necessary, we can manufacture our air synthetically; not the germ-laden air of Nature, but absolutely pure air. Our underground cities will be heated or refrigerated artificially as conditions may require. Why should we not live underground if we desire? We produce all our needs synthetically.

“Nor will you be able to locate our cities with electronic indicators.

“You see, Rogers, I know what is in your mind. Our scientists have planned carefully. All our machinery and processes will be shielded so that no electronic disturbances will exist at the surface.

“And then, from our underground cities we will emerge at leisure to wage merciless war on your wild men of the forest, until we have at last done what our forefathers should have done, exterminated them to the last beast.”

________________________________________

HE thrust his jeering face close to mine. “Have you any answer to that?” he demanded.

My impulse was to plant my fist in his face, for I could think of no other answer. But I controlled myself, and even forced a hearty laugh, to irritate him.

“It is a fine plan,” I admitted, “but you will not have time to carry it through. Long before you can complete your new cities you will have been destroyed.”

“They will be completed within the week,” he replied triumphantly. “We have not been asleep, and our mechanical and scientific resources make us masters of time as well as the earth. You shall see.”

Naturally I was worried. I would have given much if I could have passed this information on to our chiefs.

But two days later a mighty exultation arose within me, when from far to the east and also to the south there came the rolling and continuous thunder of rocket fire. I was in my own apartment at the time. The Han captain of my guard was with me, as usual, and two guards stood just within the door. The others were in the corridor outside. And as soon as I heard it, I questioned my jailer with a look. He nodded assent, and I did what probably every disengaged person in Lo-Tan did at the same moment, tuned in on the local broadcast of the Military Headquarters View and Control Room.

It was as though the side wall of my apartment had dissolved, and we looked into a large room or office which had no walls or ceiling, these being replaced by the interior surface of a hemisphere, which was in fact a vast viewplate on which those in the room could see in every direction. Some 200 staff officers had their desks in this room. Each desk was equipped with a system of small viewplates of its own, and each officer was responsible for a given directional section of the “map,” and busied himself with teleprojectoscope examination of it, quite independently of the general view thrown on the dome plate.

At a raised circular desk in the centre, which was composed entirely of viewplates, sat the Executive Marshal, scanning the hemisphere, calling occasionally for telescopic views of one section or another on his desk plates, and noting the little pale green signal lights that flashed up as Sector Observers called for his attention.

________________________________________

MEMBERS of Strategy Board, Base Commanders of military units, and San-Lan himself, I understood, sat at similar desks in their private offices, on which all these views were duplicated, and in constant verbal and visual communication with one another and with the Executive Marshal.

The particular view which appeared on my own wall fortunately showed the east side of the dome viewplate and in one corner of my picture appeared the Executive Marshal himself.

Although I was getting a viewplate picture of a viewplate picture, I could see the broad, rugged valley to the east plainly, and the relatively low ridge beyond, which must have been some thirty miles away.

It was beyond this, evidently far beyond it, that the scene of the action was located, for nothing showed on the plate but a misty haze permeated by indefinite and continuous pulsations of light, and against which the low mountain ridge stood out in bold relief.

Somewhere on the floor of the Observation room, of course, was a Sector Observer who was looking beyond that ridge, probably through a projectoscope station in the second or third “circle,” located perhaps on that ridge or beyond it.

At the very moment I was wishing for his facilities the Executive Marshal leaned over to a microphone and gave an order in a low tone. The hemispherical view dissolved, and another took its place, from the third circle. And the view was now that which would be seen by a man standing on the low distant ridge.

There was another broad valley, a wide and deep canyon, in fact, and beyond this still another ridge, the outlines of which were already beginning to fade into the on-creeping haze of the barrage. The flashes of the great detonating rockets were momentarily becoming more vivid.

“That’s the Gok-Man ridge,” mused the Han officer beside me in the apartment, “and the Forest Men must be more than fifty miles beyond that.”

“How do you figure that?” I asked curiously.

“Because obviously they have not penetrated our scout lines. See that line of observers nearest the dome itself. They’re all busy with their desk plates. They’re in communication with the scout line. The scout line broadcast is still in operation. It looks as though the line is still unpierced, but the tribesmen’s rockets are sailing over and falling this side of it.”

All through the night the barrage continued. At times it seemed to creep closer and then recede again. Finally it withdrew, pulling back to the American lines, to alternately advance and recede. At last I went to sleep. The Han officer seemed to be a relatively good-natured fellow, for one of his race, and he promised to awake me if anything further of interest took place.

He didn’t though. When I awoke in the morning, he gave me a brief outline of what had happened.

It was pieced together from his own observations and the public news broadcast.

CONTINUES NEXT WEEK




THE PEOPLE THAT TIME FORGOT by Edgar Rice Burroughs

Chapter 7

To run up the inclined surface of the palisade and drop to the ground outside was the work of but a moment, or would have been but for Nobs. I had to put my rope about him after we reached the top, lift him over the sharpened stakes and lower him upon the outside. To find Ajor in the unknown country to the north seemed rather hopeless; yet I could do no less than try, praying in the meanwhile that she would come through unscathed and in safety to her father.

As Nobs and I swung along in the growing light of the coming day, I was impressed by the lessening numbers of savage beasts the farther north I travelled. With the decrease among the carnivora, the herbivora increased in quantity, though anywhere in Caspak they are sufficiently plentiful to furnish ample food for the meat-eaters of each locality. The wild cattle, antelope, deer, and horses I passed showed changes in evolution from their cousins farther south. The kine were smaller and less shaggy, the horses larger. North of the Kro-lu village I saw a small band of the latter of about the size of those of our old Western plains—such as the Indians bred in former days and to a lesser extent even now. They were fat and sleek, and I looked upon them with covetous eyes and with thoughts that any old cow-puncher may well imagine I might entertain after having hoofed it for weeks; but they were wary, scarce permitting me to approach within bow-and-arrow range, much less within roping-distance; yet I still had hopes which I never discarded.

Twice before noon we were stalked and charged by man-eaters; but even though I was without firearms, I still had ample protection in Nobs, who evidently had learned something of Caspakian hunt rules under the tutelage of Du-seen or some other Galu, and of course a great deal more by experience. He always was on the alert for dangerous foes, invariably warning me by low growls of the approach of a large carnivorous animal long before I could either see or hear it, and then when the thing appeared, he would run snapping at its heels, drawing the charge away from me until I found safety in some tree; yet never did the wily Nobs take an unnecessary chance of a mauling. He would dart in and away so quickly that not even the lightning-like movements of the great cats could reach him. I have seen him tantalize them thus until they fairly screamed in rage.

The greatest inconvenience the hunters caused me was the delay, for they have a nasty habit of keeping one treed for an hour or more if balked in their designs; but at last we came in sight of a line of cliffs running east and west across our path as far as the eye could see in either direction, and I knew that we reached the natural boundary which marks the line between the Kro-lu and Galu countries. The southern face of these cliffs loomed high and forbidding, rising to an altitude of some two hundred feet, sheer and precipitous, without a break that the eye could perceive. How I was to find a crossing I could not guess. Whether to search to the east toward the still loftier barrier-cliffs fronting upon the ocean, or westward in the direction of the inland sea was a question which baffled me. Were there many passes or only one? I had no way of knowing. I could but trust to chance. It never occurred to me that Nobs had made the crossing at least once, possibly a greater number of times, and that he might lead me to the pass; and so it was with no idea of assistance that I appealed to him as a man alone with a dumb brute so often does.

“Nobs,” I said, “how the devil are we going to cross those cliffs?”

I do not say that he understood me, even though I realize that an Airedale is a mighty intelligent dog; but I do swear that he seemed to understand me, for he wheeled about, barking joyously and trotted off toward the west; and when I didn’t follow him, he ran back to me barking furiously, and at last taking hold of the calf of my leg in an effort to pull me along in the direction he wished me to go. Now, as my legs were naked and Nobs’ jaws are much more powerful than he realizes, I gave in and followed him, for I knew that I might as well go west as east, as far as any knowledge I had of the correct direction went.

We followed the base of the cliffs for a considerable distance. The ground was rolling and tree-dotted and covered with grazing animals, alone, in pairs and in herds—a motley aggregation of the modern and extinct herbivora of the world. A huge woolly mastodon stood swaying to and fro in the shade of a giant fern—a mighty bull with enormous upcurving tusks. Near him grazed an aurochs bull with a cow and a calf, close beside a lone rhinoceros asleep in a dust-hole. Deer, antelope, bison, horses, sheep, and goats were all in sight at the same time, and at a little distance a great Megatherium reared up on its huge tail and massive hind feet to tear the leaves from a tall tree. The forgotten past rubbed flanks with the present—while Tom Billings, modern of the moderns, passed in the garb of pre-Glacial man, and before him trotted a creature of a breed scarce sixty years old. Nobs was a parvenu; but it failed to worry him.

As we neared the inland sea we saw more flying reptiles and several great amphibians, but none of them attacked us. As we were topping a rise in the middle of the afternoon, I saw something that brought me to a sudden stop. Calling Nobs in a whisper, I cautioned him to silence and kept him at heel while I threw myself flat and watched, from behind a sheltering shrub, a body of warriors approaching the cliff from the south. I could see that they were Galus, and I guessed that Du-seen led them. They had taken a shorter route to the pass and so had overhauled me. I could see them plainly, for they were no great distance away, and saw with relief that Ajor was not with them.

The cliffs before them were broken and ragged, those coming from the east overlapping the cliffs from the west. Into the defile formed by this overlapping the party filed. I could see them climbing upward for a few minutes, and then they disappeared from view. When the last of them had passed from sight, I rose and bent my steps in the direction of the pass—the same pass toward which Nobs had evidently been leading me. I went warily as I approached it, for fear the party might have halted to rest. If they hadn’t halted, I had no fear of being discovered, for I had seen that the Galus marched without point, flankers or rear guard; and when I reached the pass and saw a narrow, one-man trail leading upward at a stiff angle, I wished that I were chief of the Galus for a few weeks. A dozen men could hold off forever in that narrow pass all the hordes which might be brought up from the south; yet there it lay entirely unguarded.

The Galus might be a great people in Caspak; but they were pitifully inefficient in even the simpler forms of military tactics. I was surprised that even a man of the Stone Age should be so lacking in military perspicacity. Du-seen dropped far below par in my estimation as I saw the slovenly formation of his troop as it passed through an enemy country and entered the domain of the chief against whom he had risen in revolt; but Du-seen must have known Jor the chief and known that Jor would not be waiting for him at the pass. Nevertheless he took unwarranted chances. With one squad of a home-guard company I could have conquered Caspak.

Nobs and I followed to the summit of the pass, and there we saw the party defiling into the Galu country, the level of which was not, on an average, over fifty feet below the summit of the cliffs and about a hundred and fifty feet above the adjacent Kro-lu domain. Immediately the landscape changed. The trees, the flowers and the shrubs were of a hardier type, and I realized that at night the Galu blanket might be almost a necessity. Acacia and eucalyptus predominated among the trees; yet there were ash and oak and even pine and fir and hemlock. The tree-life was riotous. The forests were dense and peopled by enormous trees. From the summit of the cliff I could see forests rising hundreds of feet above the level upon which I stood, and even at the distance they were from me I realized that the boles were of gigantic size.

At last I had come to the Galu country. Though not conceived in Caspak, I had indeed come up cor-sva-jo—from the beginning I had come up through the hideous horrors of the lower Caspakian spheres of evolution, and I could not but feel something of the elation and pride which had filled To-mar and So-al when they realized that the call had come to them and they were about to rise from the estate of Band-lus to that of Kro-lus. I was glad that I was not batu.

But where was Ajor? Though my eyes searched the wide landscape before me, I saw nothing other than the warriors of Du-seen and the beasts of the fields and the forests. Surrounded by forests, I could see wide plains dotting the country as far as the eye could reach; but nowhere was a sign of a small Galu she—the beloved she whom I would have given my right hand to see.

Nobs and I were hungry; we had not eaten since the preceding night, and below us was game—deer, sheep, anything that a hungry hunter might crave; so down the steep trail we made our way, and then upon my belly with Nobs crouching low behind me, I crawled toward a small herd of red deer feeding at the edge of a plain close beside a forest. There was ample cover, what with solitary trees and dotting bushes so that I found no difficulty in stalking up wind to within fifty feet of my quarry—a large, sleek doe unaccompanied by a fawn. Greatly then did I regret my rifle. Never in my life had I shot an arrow, but I knew how it was done, and fitting the shaft to my string, I aimed carefully and let drive. At the same instant I called to Nobs and leaped to my feet.

The arrow caught the doe full in the side, and in the same moment Nobs was after her. She turned to flee with the two of us pursuing her, Nobs with his great fangs bared and I with my short spear poised for a cast. The balance of the herd sprang quickly away; but the hurt doe lagged, and in a moment Nobs was beside her and had leaped at her throat. He had her down when I came up, and I finished her with my spear. It didn’t take me long to have a fire going and a steak broiling, and while I was preparing for my own feast, Nobs was filling himself with raw venison. Never have I enjoyed a meal so heartily.

For two days I searched fruitlessly back and forth from the inland sea almost to the barrier cliffs for some trace of Ajor, and always I trended northward; but I saw no sign of any human being, not even the band of Galu warriors under Du-seen; and then I commenced to have misgivings. Had Chal-az spoken the truth to me when he said that Ajor had quit the village of the Kro-lu? Might he not have been acting upon the orders of Al-tan, in whose savage bosom might have lurked some small spark of shame that he had attempted to do to death one who had befriended a Kro-lu warrior—a guest who had brought no harm upon the Kro-lu race—and thus have sent me out upon a fruitless mission in the hope that the wild beasts would do what Al-tan hesitated to do? I did not know; but the more I thought upon it, the more convinced I became that Ajor had not quitted the Kro-lu village; but if not, what had brought Du-seen forth without her? There was a puzzler, and once again I was all at sea.

On the second day of my experience of the Galu country I came upon a bunch of as magnificent horses as it has ever been my lot to see. They were dark bays with blazed faces and perfect surcingles of white about their barrels. Their forelegs were white to the knees. In height they stood almost sixteen hands, the mares being a trifle smaller than the stallions, of which there were three or four in this band of a hundred, which comprised many colts and half-grown horses. Their markings were almost identical, indicating a purity of strain that might have persisted since long ages ago. If I had coveted one of the little ponies of the Kro-lu country, imagine my state of mind when I came upon these magnificent creatures! No sooner had I espied them than I determined to possess one of them; nor did it take me long to select a beautiful young stallion—a four-year-old, I guessed him.

The horses were grazing close to the edge of the forest in which Nobs and I were concealed, while the ground between us and them was dotted with clumps of flowering brush which offered perfect concealment. The stallion of my choice grazed with a filly and two yearlings a little apart from the balance of the herd and nearest to the forest and to me. At my whispered “Charge!” Nobs flattened himself to the ground, and I knew that he would not again move until I called him, unless danger threatened me from the rear. Carefully I crept forward toward my unsuspecting quarry, coming undetected to the concealment of a bush not more than twenty feet from him. Here I quietly arranged my noose, spreading it flat and open upon the ground.

To step to one side of the bush and throw directly from the ground, which is the style I am best in, would take but an instant, and in that instant the stallion would doubtless be under way at top speed in the opposite direction. Then he would have to wheel about when I surprised him, and in doing so, he would most certainly rise slightly upon his hind feet and throw up his head, presenting a perfect target for my noose as he pivoted.

Yes, I had it beautifully worked out, and I waited until he should turn in my direction. At last it became evident that he was doing so, when apparently without cause, the filly raised her head, neighed and started off at a trot in the opposite direction, immediately followed, of course, by the colts and my stallion. It looked for a moment as though my last hope was blasted; but presently their fright, if fright it was, passed, and they resumed grazing again a hundred yards farther on. This time there was no bush within fifty feet of them, and I was at a loss as to how to get within safe roping-distance. Anywhere under forty feet I am an excellent roper, at fifty feet I am fair; but over that I knew it would be a matter of luck if I succeeded in getting my noose about that beautiful arched neck.

As I stood debating the question in my mind, I was almost upon the point of making the attempt at the long throw. I had plenty of rope, this Galu weapon being fully sixty feet long. How I wished for the collies from the ranch! At a word they would have circled this little bunch and driven it straight down to me; and then it flashed into my mind that Nobs had run with those collies all one summer, that he had gone down to the pasture with them after the cows every evening and done his part in driving them back to the milking-barn, and had done it intelligently; but Nobs had never done the thing alone, and it had been a year since he had done it at all. However, the chances were more in favour of my foozling the long throw than that Nobs would fall down in his part if I gave him the chance.

Having come to a decision, I had to creep back to Nobs and get him, and then with him at my heels return to a large bush near the four horses. Here we could see directly through the bush, and pointing the animals out to Nobs I whispered: “Fetch ‘em, boy!”

In an instant he was gone, circling wide toward the rear of the quarry. They caught sight of him almost immediately and broke into a trot away from him; but when they saw that he was apparently giving them a wide berth they stopped again, though they stood watching him, with high-held heads and quivering nostrils. It was a beautiful sight. And then Nobs turned in behind them and trotted slowly back toward me. He did not bark, nor come rushing down upon them, and when he had come closer to them, he proceeded at a walk. The splendid creatures seemed more curious than fearful, making no effort to escape until Nobs was quite close to them; then they trotted slowly away, but at right angles.

And now the fun and trouble commenced. Nobs, of course, attempted to turn them, and he seemed to have selected the stallion to work upon, for he paid no attention to the others, having intelligence enough to know that a lone dog could run his legs off before he could round up four horses that didn’t wish to be rounded up. The stallion, however, had notions of his own about being headed, and the result was as pretty a race as one would care to see. Gad, how that horse could run! He seemed to flatten out and shoot through the air with the very minimum of exertion, and at his forefoot ran Nobs, doing his best to turn him. He was barking now, and twice he leaped high against the stallion’s flank; but this cost too much effort and always lost him ground, as each time he was hurled heels over head by the impact; yet before they disappeared over a rise in the ground I was sure that Nobs’ persistence was bearing fruit; it seemed to me that the horse was giving way a trifle to the right. Nobs was between him and the main herd, to which the yearling and filly had already fled.

As I stood waiting for Nobs’ return, I could not but speculate upon my chances should I be attacked by some formidable beast. I was some distance from the forest and armed with weapons in the use of which I was quite untrained, though I had practiced some with the spear since leaving the Kro-lu country. I must admit that my thoughts were not pleasant ones, verging almost upon cowardice, until I chanced to think of little Ajor alone in this same land and armed only with a knife! I was immediately filled with shame; but in thinking the matter over since, I have come to the conclusion that my state of mind was influenced largely by my approximate nakedness. If you have never wandered about in broad daylight garbed in a bit of red-deer skin in inadequate length, you can have no conception of the sensation of futility that overwhelms one. Clothes, to a man accustomed to wearing clothes, impart a certain self-confidence; lack of them induces panic.

But no beast attacked me, though I saw several menacing forms passing through the dark aisles of the forest. At last I commenced to worry over Nobs’ protracted absence and to fear that something had befallen him. I was coiling my rope to start out in search of him, when I saw the stallion leap into view at almost the same spot behind which he had disappeared, and at his heels ran Nobs. Neither was running so fast or furiously as when last I had seen them.

The horse, as he approached me, I could see was labouring hard; yet he kept gamely to his task, and Nobs, too. The splendid fellow was driving the quarry straight toward me. I crouched behind my bush and laid my noose in readiness to throw. As the two approached my hiding-place, Nobs reduced his speed, and the stallion, evidently only too glad of the respite, dropped into a trot. It was at this gait that he passed me; my rope-hand flew forward; the honda, well down, held the noose open, and the beautiful bay fairly ran his head into it.

Instantly he wheeled to dash off at right angles. I braced myself with the rope around my hip and brought him to a sudden stand. Rearing and struggling, he fought for his liberty while Nobs, panting and with lolling tongue, came and threw himself down near me. He seemed to know that his work was done and that he had earned his rest. The stallion was pretty well spent, and after a few minutes of struggling he stood with feet far spread, nostrils dilated and eyes wide, watching me as I edged toward him, taking in the slack of the rope as I advanced. A dozen times he reared and tried to break away; but always I spoke soothingly to him and after an hour of effort I succeeded in reaching his head and stroking his muzzle. Then I gathered a handful of grass and offered it to him, and always I talked to him in a quiet and reassuring voice.

I had expected a battle royal; but on the contrary I found his taming a matter of comparative ease. Though wild, he was gentle to a degree, and of such remarkable intelligence that he soon discovered that I had no intention of harming him. After that, all was easy. Before that day was done, I had taught him to lead and to stand while I stroked his head and flanks, and to eat from my hand, and had the satisfaction of seeing the light of fear die in his large, intelligent eyes.

The following day I fashioned a hackamore from a piece which I cut from the end of my long Galu rope, and then I mounted him fully prepared for a struggle of titanic proportions in which I was none too sure that he would not come off victor; but he never made the slightest effort to unseat me, and from then on his education was rapid. No horse ever learned more quickly the meaning of the rein and the pressure of the knees. I think he soon learned to love me, and I know that I loved him; while he and Nobs were the best of pals. I called him Ace. I had a friend who was once in the French flying-corps, and when Ace let himself out, he certainly flew.

I cannot explain to you, nor can you understand, unless you too are a horseman, the exhilarating feeling of well-being which pervaded me from the moment that I commenced riding Ace. I was a new man, imbued with a sense of superiority that led me to feel that I could go forth and conquer all Caspak single-handed. Now, when I needed meat, I ran it down on Ace and roped it, and when some great beast with which we could not cope threatened us, we galloped away to safety; but for the most part the creatures we met looked upon us in terror, for Ace and I in combination presented a new and unusual beast beyond their experience and ken.

For five days I rode back and forth across the southern end of the Galu country without seeing a human being; yet all the time I was working slowly toward the north, for I had determined to comb the territory thoroughly in search of Ajor; but on the fifth day as I emerged from a forest, I saw some distance ahead of me a single small figure pursued by many others. Instantly I recognized the quarry as Ajor. The entire party was fully a mile away from me, and they were crossing my path at right angles, Ajor a few hundred yards in advance of those who followed her. One of her pursuers was far in advance of the others, and was gaining upon her rapidly. With a word and a pressure of the knees I sent Ace leaping out into the open, and with Nobs running close alongside, we raced toward her.

At first none of them saw us; but as we neared Ajor, the pack behind the foremost pursuer discovered us and set up such a howl as I never before have heard. They were all Galus, and I soon recognized the foremost as Du-seen. He was almost upon Ajor now, and with a sense of terror such as I had never before experienced, I saw that he ran with his knife in his hand, and that his intention was to slay rather than capture. I could not understand it, but I could only urge Ace to greater speed, and most nobly did the wondrous creature respond to my demands. If ever a four-footed creature approximated flying, it was Ace that day.

Du-seen, intent upon his brutal design, had as yet not noticed us. He was within a pace of Ajor when Ace and I dashed between them, and I, leaning down to the left, swept my little barbarian into the hollow of an arm and up on the withers of my glorious Ace. We had snatched her from the very clutches of Du-seen, who halted, mystified and raging. Ajor, too, was mystified, as we had come up from diagonally behind her so that she had no idea that we were near until she was swung to Ace’s back. The little savage turned with drawn knife to stab me, thinking that I was some new enemy, when her eyes found my face and she recognized me. With a little sob she threw her arms about my neck, gasping: “My Tom! My Tom!”

And then Ace sank suddenly into thick mud to his belly, and Ajor and I were thrown far over his head. He had run into one of those numerous springs which cover Caspak. Sometimes they are little lakes, again but tiny pools, and often mere quagmires of mud, as was this one overgrown with lush grasses which effectually hid its treacherous identity. It is a wonder that Ace did not break a leg, so fast he was going when he fell; but he didn’t, though with four good legs he was unable to wallow from the mire. Ajor and I had sprawled face down in the covering grasses and so had not sunk deeply; but when we tried to rise, we found that there was not footing, and presently we saw that Du-seen and his followers were coming down upon us. There was no escape. It was evident that we were doomed.

“Slay me!” begged Ajor. “Let me die at thy loved hands rather than beneath the knife of this hateful thing, for he will kill me. He has sworn to kill me. Last night he captured me, and when later he would have his way with me, I struck him with my fists and with my knife I stabbed him, and then I escaped, leaving him raging in pain and thwarted desire. Today they searched for me and found me; and as I fled, Du-seen ran after me crying that he would slay me. Kill me, my Tom, and then fall upon thine own spear, for they will kill you horribly if they take you alive.”

I couldn’t kill her—not at least until the last moment; and I told her so, and that I loved her, and that until death came, I would live and fight for her.

Nobs had followed us into the bog and had done fairly well at first, but when he neared us he too sank to his belly and could only flounder about. We were in this predicament when Du-seen and his followers approached the edge of the horrible swamp. I saw that Al-tan was with him and many other Kro-lu warriors. The alliance against Jor the chief had, therefore, been consummated, and this horde was already marching upon the Galu city. I sighed as I thought how close I had been to saving not only Ajor but her father and his people from defeat and death.

Beyond the swamp was a dense wood. Could we have reached this, we would have been safe; but it might as well have been a hundred miles away as a hundred yards across that hidden lake of sticky mud. Upon the edge of the swamp Du-seen and his horde halted to revile us. They could not reach us with their hands; but at a command from Du-seen they fitted arrows to their bows, and I saw that the end had come. Ajor huddled close to me, and I took her in my arms. “I love you, Tom,” she said, “only you.” Tears came to my eyes then, not tears of self-pity for my predicament, but tears from a heart filled with a great love—a heart that sees the sun of its life and its love setting even as it rises.

The renegade Galus and their Kro-lu allies stood waiting for the word from Du-seen that would launch that barbed avalanche of death upon us, when there broke from the wood beyond the swamp the sweetest music that ever fell upon the ears of man—the sharp staccato of at least two score rifles fired rapidly at will. Down went the Galu and Kro-lu warriors like tenpins before that deadly fusillade.

What could it mean? To me it meant but one thing, and that was that Hollis and Short and the others had scaled the cliffs and made their way north to the Galu country upon the opposite side of the island in time to save Ajor and me from almost certain death. I didn’t have to have an introduction to them to know that the men who held those rifles were the men of my own party; and when, a few minutes later, they came forth from their concealment, my eyes verified my hopes. There they were, every man-jack of them; and with them were a thousand straight, sleek warriors of the Galu race; and ahead of the others came two men in the garb of Galus. Each was tall and straight and wonderfully muscled; yet they differed as Ace might differ from a perfect specimen of another species. As they approached the mire, Ajor held forth her arms and cried, “Jor, my chief! My father!” and the elder of the two rushed in knee-deep to rescue her, and then the other came close and looked into my face, and his eyes went wide, and mine too, and I cried: “Bowen! For heaven’s sake, Bowen Tyler!”

It was he. My search was ended. Around me were all my company and the man we had searched a new world to find. They cut saplings from the forest and laid a road into the swamp before they could get us all out, and then we marched back to the city of Jor the Galu chief, and there was great rejoicing when Ajor came home again mounted upon the glossy back of the stallion Ace.

Tyler and Hollis and Short and all the rest of us Americans nearly worked our jaws loose on the march back to the village, and for days afterward we kept it up. They told me how they had crossed the barrier cliffs in five days, working twenty-four hours a day in three eight-hour shifts with two reliefs to each shift alternating half-hourly. Two men with electric drills driven from the dynamos aboard the Toreador drilled two holes four feet apart in the face of the cliff and in the same horizontal planes. The holes slanted slightly downward. Into these holes the iron rods brought as a part of our equipment and for just this purpose were inserted, extending about a foot beyond the face of the rock, across these two rods a plank was laid, and then the next shift, mounting to the new level, bored two more holes five feet above the new platform, and so on.

During the nights the searchlights from the Toreador were kept playing upon the cliff at the point where the drills were working, and at the rate of ten feet an hour the summit was reached upon the fifth day. Ropes were lowered, blocks lashed to trees at the top, and crude elevators rigged, so that by the night of the fifth day the entire party, with the exception of the few men needed to man the Toreador, were within Caspak with an abundance of arms, ammunition and equipment.

From then on, they fought their way north in search of me, after a vain and perilous effort to enter the hideous reptile-infested country to the south. Owing to the number of guns among them, they had not lost a man; but their path was strewn with the dead creatures they had been forced to slay to win their way to the north end of the island, where they had found Bowen and his bride among the Galus of Jor.

The reunion between Bowen and Nobs was marked by a frantic display upon Nobs’ part, which almost stripped Bowen of the scanty attire that the Galu custom had vouchsafed him. When we arrived at the Galu city, Lys La Rue was waiting to welcome us. She was Mrs. Tyler now, as the master of the Toreador had married them the very day that the search-party had found them, though neither Lys nor Bowen would admit that any civil or religious ceremony could have rendered more sacred the bonds with which God had united them.

Neither Bowen nor the party from the Toreador had seen any sign of Bradley and his party. They had been so long lost now that any hopes for them must be definitely abandoned. The Galus had heard rumours of them, as had the Western Kro-lu and Band-lu; but none had seen aught of them since they had left Fort Dinosaur months since.

We rested in Jor’s village for a fortnight while we prepared for the southward journey to the point where the Toreador was to lie off shore in wait for us. During these two weeks Chal-az came up from the Krolu country, now a full-fledged Galu. He told us that the remnants of Al-tan’s party had been slain when they attempted to re-enter Kro-lu. Chal-az had been made chief, and when he rose, had left the tribe under a new leader whom all respected.

Nobs stuck close to Bowen; but Ace and Ajor and I went out upon many long rides through the beautiful north Galu country. Chal-az had brought my arms and ammunition up from Kro-lu with him; but my clothes were gone; nor did I miss them once I became accustomed to the free attire of the Galu.

At last came the time for our departure; upon the following morning we were to set out toward the south and the Toreador and dear old California. I had asked Ajor to go with us; but Jor her father had refused to listen to the suggestion. No pleas could swerve him from his decision: Ajor, the cos-ata-lo, from whom might spring a new and greater Caspakian race, could not be spared. I might have any other she among the Galus; but Ajor—no!

The poor child was heartbroken; and as for me, I was slowly realizing the hold that Ajor had upon my heart and wondered how I should get along without her. As I held her in my arms that last night, I tried to imagine what life would be like without her, for at last there had come to me the realization that I loved her—loved my little barbarian; and as I finally tore myself away and went to my own hut to snatch a few hours’ sleep before we set off upon our long journey on the morrow, I consoled myself with the thought that time would heal the wound and that back in my native land I should find a mate who would be all and more to me than little Ajor could ever be—a woman of my own race and my own culture.

Morning came more quickly than I could have wished. I rose and breakfasted, but saw nothing of Ajor. It was best, I thought, that I go thus without the harrowing pangs of a last farewell. The party formed for the march, an escort of Galu warriors ready to accompany us. I could not even bear to go to Ace’s corral and bid him farewell. The night before, I had given him to Ajor, and now in my mind the two seemed inseparable.

And so we marched away, down the street flanked with its stone houses and out through the wide gateway in the stone wall which surrounds the city and on across the clearing toward the forest through which we must pass to reach the northern boundary of Galu, beyond which we would turn south. At the edge of the forest I cast a backward glance at the city which held my heart, and beside the massive gateway I saw that which brought me to a sudden halt. It was a little figure leaning against one of the great upright posts upon which the gates swing—a crumpled little figure; and even at this distance I could see its shoulders heave to the sobs that racked it. It was the last straw.

Bowen was near me. “Good-bye old man,” I said. “I’m going back.”

He looked at me in surprise. “Good-bye, old man,” he said, and grasped my hand. “I thought you’d do it in the end.”

And then I went back and took Ajor in my arms and kissed the tears from her eyes and a smile to her lips while together we watched the last of the Americans disappear into the forest.
NEXT WEEK: OUT OF TIME’S ABYSS by Edgar Rice Burroughs



